		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			This lawyer has impeccable fashion.In a bi-weekly series, we're interviewing female executives, founders, CEOs—basically, boss ladies—on their "power suit" a.k.a. the outfit they wear every day for easy dressing to conquer whatever the job throws at them.For models immigrating to or applying to work in the United States, the process is often anxiety-inducing and painstakingly bureaucratic. Marilee Holmes, Wilhelmina's VP of operations and general counsel, is there to ease their fears. Holmes, who has a background in immigration law, joined the modeling agency about three years ago and since has been a force in getting models to the U.S. swiftly. She has also built out the company's internal operations structure, dealing with staffing issues, contracts, and corporate litigation. When it comes to securing visas for models (typically O-1) , the filings are a "pretty smooth, steady, and constant" part of her job. Holmes and her team typically start by looking over a foreign model's "book of business" (a.k.a portfolio) before offering them a work contract and filing for visas. "Because we're putting together a petition to prove that the model is, in fact, a model, they have to have the right type of work to show an established career," she says. Once that is sorted out, Holmes will collect documents from photographers and casting directors who have worked with the model, and draft a pitch from the company itself on why the model has to work for Wilhelmina and why he or she is "extraordinary." Though the process is filled with legalese, for Holmes the topic of immigration is a passionate and deeply personal one."I was born in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. My mother is from there and my dad was in the Peace Corps. Our family moved to the United States when I was 5 years old because my mom wanted my siblings and me to fully take advantage of the educational opportunities that she didn't have growing up in Africa," Holmes says. "I watched my mom go through the immigration process, being married to a U.S. citizen, having children with dual nationalities at the time, and so that whole process struck a cord with me."Of course, having someone like Holmes, who specializes in immigration law within Wilhelmina has never been more important. When I inquired about the impact of Donald Trump's immigration policies on her role, she reveals that this administration has brought some difficulties. One challenge, in particular, is the government's request for  "future proof of work." Immigration officials want Wilhelmina to guarantee that clients will want to book this model years into their contract. "If you know anything about the modeling industry, clients can't always guarantee they will use a particular or the same model in a campaign a year from now, even if they use him or her today," Holmes explains. "Before, the government was more in line with this understanding."Holmes says that the fashion industry as a whole has really stepped up and challenged the USCIS' (US Citizenship and Immigration Service) push back, explaining that there's "little room for that sort of future prediction,  and if the USCIS keeps up these challenges, it will be hard to bring in the models needed for the business." She believes the government is starting to turn a corner. The work never stops for Holmes. So how does a busy woman in the fashion industry like her stay confident and comfortable at the office? We caught up with the powerhouse on all things style, below."I have a 6-year-old daughter, so my routine changes as she gets a more independent. On mornings when I get it together to work out, I am up by 5 a.m. On days I don't work out—which are probably more of my mornings—I get up no later than 6 a.m. I make sure I am dressed and ready before she wakes up, give her breakfast, and then walk her to school. Even still, I feel like she and I are always scrambling to get out of the house. I love my walks with her because we talk about everything; it's nice to have that quality time together. Once I drop her off, I commute to work via the subway, and I'm in the office by 9 a.m. I have coffee and breakfast at my desk, then I go through emails and plan my day.""[To plan my outfits] I usually check the news or my phone for the weather. I review my day's calendar for lunch meetings or after work events. Part of my strategy is that I keep a pair of leopard heels in my bag to dress up whatever outfit I am wearing.""Wilhelmina allows for flexibility in dressing, unlike my former corporate law firm days, when I always had to be in business attire. Now, I often wear jeans, a t-shirt, a dark blazer, and heels. I love to wear dresses and flowing skirts even though it's a bit dressier than our office culture because those pieces make me feel feminine, sexy, and powerful. It also makes it easier to transition to any after-work commitments. I'm a big fan of Theory and Joie blazers, which are classic and not overly trendy. I also love dresses by DVF and Nanette Lepore, prints from Club Monaco—their cut fits me well—and anything that makes me feel composed and confident. Since I live in New York City, having a nice coat is essential too. I was recently gifted a Mackage coat and can't wait to live in it this winter.For work bags, I typically carry a Louis Vuitton shoulder bag as well as a black Cuyana bag for bulkier items like shoes, an umbrella, and an iPad. I also never leave the house without my Cartier watch and some perfume—I feel naked without either of those. My two favorite scents are Jo Malone Tuberose and Pleasure Gardenia by Krigler, which I came across several years ago in Los Angeles." "Feminine, classic, and unfussy.""This mantra both resonates with me personally and professionally: Better than what happens to you. The meaning is that if something great comes your way, be humble, don't take it for granted, and appreciate the fortune you've received. If something tragic happens—as many experience as part of life—do what it takes to get through it, so it doesn't define you in the end."For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Cyber Monday is finally here. If you missed out on this weekend's crop of epic Black Friday deals, today's your last chance to take advantage of some pretty amazing sales. Getting the most bang for your buck is easier said than done, but you're going to want to check out Anthropologie's incredible Cyber Monday sale. The retailer is offering 30 percent off sitewide, plus an additional 50 percent off on the site's sale section.  Sure, Anthropologie has its fair share of smaller discounts throughout the year, but this is hands-down the biggest sale we've seen in a while. Whether you're stocking up on cold-weather accessories, investing in some holiday decorations, or want to find the perfect present for your office's Secret Santa party, there's something for everyone. To help kickstart your shopping spree, we're sharing 15 of our favorite deals, below. After you've added them to you cart, head over here to see what else is on our Cyber Monday wish list. $150$99.95Take your winter wardrobe to the next level with this sweet sweater complete with statement-making balloon sleeves.$75$52.50Found: A pair of slippers worth showing off while you're lounging around and watching Christmas movies. $30$21Hosting a holiday soirée this season? Get the party started with this stunning cheese board. Now all you need are slices of gouda, brie, gorgonzola...did anyone else just get really hungry?$168$117.60Winter is coming, so it's about time you bundled up in this stylish utility puffer jacket. $22$15.40Give your skin the TLC it deserves this winter with Lapcos' face mask and exfoliating pad set. Whether your focus is on brightening, hydrating, or exfoliating, this variety set has something for all of your skincare needs.$16$11.20As far as we're concerned, your Christmas tree ornaments should be a reflection of you. This cheeky avocado-shaped option screams, "Where's the guac?"$48$33.60You can never have too many scarves—especially not ones this gorgeous.$158$110.60Who needs a traditional advent calendar when you can enjoy this Anthro favorite filled with candles, diffusers, and lotions? Heaven. $150$105Trust us, you'll get a lot of mileage out of this sparkly skirt in the weeks to come. Pro tip: Pair it with a sleek turtleneck for your office holiday party or a fun graphic tee come New Year's Eve. $38$26.60Behold: The perfect present for a member of your girl squad. Anthropologie's embroidered pouches come personalized so you don't have to worry about spending extra money to monogram.$48$33.60 Once you add this adorable mug set to your cart, all you'll need is some hot cocoa and a handful (okay, maybe two handfuls) of marshmallows.$198$138.60 Hanukkah's eight luminous nights have never looked so good, thanks to this ethereal menorah.  $68$47.60File this embossed tote under "swoon-worthy accessories that look way more expensive than they actually are." $190.01$59.98With a modest three-inch heel and shearling lining, these Kelsi Dagger Brooklyn boots are the perfect marriage of form and function.$109$76.30Once the harsh winter weather kicks in, it's all about dressing comfortably. These camo leggings will keep you cozy without sacrificing style. •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			A miniature designer bag? Yes, please. If you're already in panic mode because you have nothing to put in her stocking, breathe. We've got you. These extra gifts are fun and easy, not to mention budget friendly (unlike that fancy orange juice maker she had on her wish list). And if you're looking for something more luxe, we have a few options for you, too! At the end of the day, I'm a firm believer that whatever is placed in the stocking should be practical and cute. The gifts ahead fall right into these categories. A stocking stuffer the whole family can enjoy. This tiny set of Uno cards is not only adorable, but also will get those competitive juices flowing at the kitchen table. Loser does the dishes. The great thing about stocking stuffers? Everything in there is portable, including these scented rollers. When carrying your perfume bottle around isn't an option, a quick roll with this tube will freshen you up in no time. She's never without her rings. Add to her collection with this contemporary hand cut malachite gemstone ring that's set in 18ct gold vermeil. The green adds a festive hue to the fingers for the holidays.Your friend is a dog mom and proud of it. She'll obsess over this key chain that proudly proclaims her love for her pooch. (You have to admit, her pup is pretty darn cute.)This beanie is knitted with naturally insulating merino wool to keep your head cozy during the coldest days of winter. She can wear it with any coat or outfit, thanks to the minimalist coloring and design.She's always off on a trip, whether it be for fun or for work. Help her keep track of her belongings with this luggage tag. It fits right into a stocking, along with a few other goodies on this list. Drop a little fancy something-something into her stocking stuffer with this designer cardholder. It will also, finally, help her clean out her wallet of old receipts and gift cards.In just one night, this mask will moisturize your lips and set it back to its pre-winter glory days. I always pack this baby when I'm traveling. Add a little color to her holiday outfits with these rainbow-colored Roxanne Assoulin bracelets. You can stack them for a true arm candy experience, or mix and match with other delicate pieces for a more varied aesthetic.  Answering emails and responding to texts from the boss is more bearable in winter with these soft cashmere blend gloves that are touchscreen-friendly. You might just need a pair for yourself, too.This disposable camera is just the thing to help anyone reset their social media addiction and slow down. Capture everything on film and develop it a few weeks later to relive the memories. Chapped lips and dry skin won't be an issue for her this season when she gets this all-purpose skin salve. It comes in multiple flavors, but the mango one will transport your senses to a lush, tropical island somewhere. She's a foodie and everyone knows it. Gift her this assortment of food ornaments, which she can proudly display on her tree. (No tree? She can just as easily tack them on to the fridge as decor.)This electronic alarm is your new buddy system. It works in temperatures as high as 104 degrees and as low as 14 degrees. When triggered, the alarm will ring continuously for 30 minutes. It's even TSA-approved so you can carry it with you on your travels. These mini hand creams will become her go-to winter beauty items. She can toss one into her bag and use on the go. The limited-edition shea butter packaging is super festive, too.If she counts Danielle Bernstein of Weworewhat as one of her style icons, put this item from Bernstein's collab with Larsson Jennings in her stocking. The timepiece comes in a gold color and in a larger boyfriend design, if she wants to be more flashy. Every stocking should include a pair of socks because they're the one gift you always need. Pick an astrological pair for all your family members for the holidays, like this soft cotton option from Aerie. Surprise any fashion lover in your life with this tiny Jacquemus bag that goes around your arms. Not only is it super cute, but it's the most on-trend item to add to her wardrobe (remember Lizzo at the AMAs?).She's not a huge coffee drinker, but she sure loves her tea. Add an immunity-boosting option to her stocking with this tulsi tea, which includes ingredients that provide health benefits and live probiotic cultures.Replace the drugstore-bought hair tie on her wrist with a new, pretty scrunchie. She can alternate between this velvet and faux leather set, depending on how they go with her outfit. This stocking stuffer is great for all ages. I never travel without my Herbivore rose face mist. This is one of the best stocking stuffers to get her if she's prone to having dry skin. The mist gives your face a nice cooling sensation and keeps it dewy during a flight. The health benefits of matcha are endless: They enhance your mood, boost your alertness, and give you a dose of antioxidants and minerals. If her New Year's resolution is to be more healthy and fit, gift her this box with 15 matcha packets. Add the powder to a drink, smoothie, or water and let it work its magic. ... For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here).		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			After you've perfected your Thanksgiving recipes and tolerated screaming children running around the kitchen table, you deserve to treat yourself to some retail therapy on the best shopping day of the year: Cyber Monday. Save yourself the time of scrolling through hundreds of deals and shop our favorite finds from retailers like Nordstrom, Anthropologie, and Adidas, ahead.  Marie Claire's December book club pick is Jenny Slate's Little Weirds. Read along with us this month and find out how to join our online book club here!•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.subscribe here		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Go on, you deserve it. At best, your holiday haul amounted to a handful of things you actually wanted, slightly more things you don't want, a holiday bonus, and a decent influx of cold, hard cash. (Thanks, Grandma and people who just gave up on guessing.) So how do you convert that into your whole wish list, materialized? Returns, for one—and then shop the following 100 replacements for you, from you. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Boots > TurkeyThe most wonderful time of the year is here—and by that we mean Black Friday, which has basically become the new Cyber Monday. There are hundreds of deals to shop online right now (you can find them here), but we'll argue that the best is currently happening at Nordstrom. The retailer is offering up to 50 percent off everything from clothing and shoes to beauty products and home goods. Since we know you have a lot of sales to scroll through and not a lot of time to do it, we're sharing some of our favorite finds, ahead.Shop more incredible Black Friday deals here.  •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			 Heart eyes for that red Valentino dress.Meghan Markle had a busy year in 2019: She gave birth to her son Archie Harrison Mountbatten-Windsor, she launched a fashion capsule collection for charity, she traveled to South Africa, and she carried out her regular everyday royal duties. For much of the year, we watched the Duchess of Sussex nail her maternity style with ease, and not once did she forget her tailored, sophisticated roots. Post giving birth, the Duchess of Sussex has maintained an effortless and sleek wardrobe. With so much that happened this year, we're taking a look back at Meghan's best outfits of 2019. Lest you forget what she wore to meet Beyonce at The Lion King premiere (one of our favorite looks of Meghan's to date!).Meghan paired a red V-neck sweater with a Hugo Boss skirt in a similar hue when she hosted a roundtable discussion on gender equality with The Queens Commonwealth Trust and One Young World at Windsor Castle. This outfit showed off the royal's cleverness for selecting the perfect monochrome ensemble.If you want to get Meghan's style, start with shopping at Aritzia. The Duchess of Sussex selected a long-sleeve purple dress from the retailer for the One Young World Summit Opening Ceremony at Royal Albert Hall in London. She's worn the brand on multiple occasions, though this is one of our favorite dresses for its effortless silhouette.  The Duke and Duchess of Sussex attended the WellChild awards in London where Meghan wore a green shift dress by Parosh with a wool beige coat draped over her shoulders. The Parosh design was the same one she wore in a BBC interview where she announced her engagement to Prince Harry in 2017. Cue the awws.For moms on the go like Meghan, shirt dresses are the easiest things to throw on and look chic while you run around town. The Duchess of Sussex packed a white option to pair with her go-to neutral pumps in South Africa. The Duchess of Sussex loves a good trench dress and she added another one to her growing collection with this option from Banana Republic. The versatile khaki shade means she can wear it for seasons to come, and it makes her look instantly put together. Meghan wore a black Everlane jumpsuit with Manolo Blahnik pumps for her visit to Mothers2Mothers in South Africa. She always nails it with the simple and clean silhouettes.An oldie but a goodie, this Veronica Beard dress was spotted on Meghan when she visited the District 6 Museum and Homecoming Centre in South Africa. It looked just as good the second time around, which she paired with espadrilles. We're also feeling Prince Harry's pastel green suit. Looking good, guys.Meghan packed her trusty Castañer espadrilles for the royal tour of Africa along with a sustainable dress from Mayamiko, whose designs are ethically sourced and created in Malawi. The ensemble was a nod to the continent she was visiting and she looked perfectly dressy yet casual for this laid back public outing.  This was a big day for Meghan as she officially launched her Smart Works capsule collection, which featured her iconic styles like tailored trousers and a white button-down. For every item sold, one was donated to Smart Works, a charity which equips unemployed women from disadvantaged backgrounds with the tools, clothes and conviction to get back into the work place. Is this Meghan's power outfit? We say yes. Meghan attended the premiere of The Lion King in London while wearing a Jason Wu dress. The sheer sleeves were a nice touch to the LBD and kept it from looking too matronly. The Duchess, of course, had to look her best as she met Beyoncé that same night. For their first official debut as a family of three, Prince Harry wore a gray suit while Meghan wore a white trench-style belted dress by Grace Wales Bonner and Manolo Blahnik pumps. Though this outfit choice wasn't too exciting (the focus should be on the baby anyways) it's definitely memorable given that this was the first time we saw Archie! Is there any color Meghan doesn't look good in? She was basically glowing in this Christmas-green outfit from Erdem and despite it not being the holidays anymore, looked festive and cheerful. She carried a Givenchy satin clutch and wore her beloved Aquazzura pumps. We commend Meghan for rocking heels all through out her pregnancy (give us flats, we'd say!) and these black Manolo Blahnik pumps worked well with her black-and-white printed Reiss dress. She finished the ensemble with a blazer, per usual, from Alexander McQueen. The couple visited Andalusian Gardens in Morocco, where Meghan kept her Loyd/Ford pleated dress from being too revealing with a white blazer from Aritzia. A pair of Manolo Blahnik sling backs and earrings brought a dressier vibe to the outfit for the royal outing. Though the Duchess of Sussex has never been afraid to show her baby bump, she kept it under the radar with flowing clothes for her tour of Morocco. Meghan wore this billowy Carolina Herrera dress with fluttery sleeves for a formal but comfortable look. If Dior dresses you, you'll bound to look gorgeous, such was the case with Meghan who rocked the fashion house from head to toe when she attended a reception in Morocco. The draping details are perfection. The Duchess of Sussex arrived to Casablanca airport in a bespoke red Valentino dress that featured a caplet across her shoulders and nude pumps. This outfit shielded her baby bump so it wasn't the center of attention and considering she just got off a flight, this ensemble gets a ten out of ten for effort and style. Meghan braved the white-on-white combo (stains!) when she attended a gala performance of "The Wider Earth" at the Natural History Museum in London. She paired her Amanda Wakeley coat with a Calvin Klein turtleneck dress and donned Ralph Lauren accessories. She looked angelic. The couple attended the Endeavour Fund Awards in London where Meghan wore a Givenchy blouse with a long black pencil skirt from the fashion house. Though a dress would have easily been appropriate too for this night, Meghan's more understated choice proves she's not afraid to experiment with looks.The Duchess of Sussex took a break from her usual cream and black tones for this blush-colored dress and matching jacket set by Brandon Maxwell. The outfit is a custom version of one of the designer's spring/summer 2019 looks, which isn't surprising since Meghan has altered her clothes in the past to fit with royal life. For the Cirque du Soleil premiere of Totem in London, Meghan stepped out in a navy blue Roland Mouret sequined gown. The color was appropriate for the evening occasion with just the right amount of sparkle in a royal's dress etiquette handbook. We loved how she swept her hair up to reveal the neckline of the dress as well.This $35 H&M minidress highlighted her baby bump and served as a cozy must-have staple in her maternity wardrobe. The stretchy dress was the next best thing to sweatpants, which a royal would never wear out in public. A tailored coat from Armani elevated the look.The Duchess of Sussex kicked off her royal duties in the new year with a bold color on bold color outfit. She wore a Babaton purple dress from one of her favorite brands, Aritizia, and a red coat by Sentaler. A bowling bag from Gabriela Hearst and Stuart Weitzman heels completed the look. Not many people can pull off the purple and red combo, but for Meg it worked. She looked fantastic.  		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Two people, one gift, zero stress.Once your BFF and the person they're dating have established that they are, in fact, an item, you can breathe a sigh of relief. Your gift list just whittled down one. Because they're a BOGO deal now, you see. Gifting a couple is easy with the 23 incredible picks, ahead; your friends won't complain about anything they receive on this list. Well, except maybe number 17, the in-shower wine glass holder, because they might fight over who uses it first. (Maybe get two?) Anyway, you're about to make your friends very happy.This couple always leave the party early and are most likely to be found on a Friday night in front of the TV. Gift them a blanket big enough for two people, so they can chill out with warmth and comfort this winter.He doesn't want too much "girly" decor in the apartment, and she wants the space to feel cozy and pretty. The perfect compromise? These artsy coasters. They're tasteful and offer just the right amount of color.If they recently had a baby, gift them something for the little one. This wooden family set is not only adorable but also encourages creative building. Kids grow fast, so they'll be building this family (pun intended) in no time. This couple loves Star Wars and tapping into their nerd side. Help celebrate that with a Death Star-shaped toaster that makes crisp, perfectly toasted bread emblazoned with TIE fighters. The toaster can fit waffles, English muffins, and bagels with the steadfast efficiency of a Jedi Master.They always have people popping in and out of their apartment, so gift them the luxury of an extra chair for their guests. Bean bags offer a more casual way of sitting, if they're all about maintaining a chill vibe in the home.Get to know your S.O., family, or friends with this card game focused on empowering meaningful connections from Red Table Talk—the Facebook talk show you may know from that Jordyn Woods interview hosted by Jada Pinkett Smith, Willow Smith, and Adrienne Banfield-Norris. Ready to deepen your close bonds? Same.For the couple who just moved in, because they'll need a stylish way to keep their books upright on their shelves. Jonathan Adler's owls will do just that. Also, owls, historically, are known for wisdom and strategy, just like the kind books can provide. Fur baby parents will appreciate you keeping their pup top of mind with this treat dispensing tool, which also conveniently has a built-in camera. It features a two-way audio, so the owners can talk to the dog without being present. Spooky or cute? We’ll let you decide.They might debate about condiments (she puts ketchup on her hot dogs, her partner abhors the idea), but they’ll both agree this condiment tray set (100 percent BPA-free!) is beautiful. Guess they better be hosting a dinner party soon.They call New York City home and love a good game night. Gift them this Skyline Chess set with a bottle of red wine to satisfy their competitive sides.Each aromatic tea bag in this assorted box of 40 is carefully labeled by taste. Whether they prefer a cup in the morning or at night (maybe even a cup in between), they'll find a flavor they love in this set. Gift your very best friends this Tom Dixon modern-day coffee ceremony set. It includes a six-cup cafetiere, caddy, scoop, and four espresso cups crafted from stainless steel with a liquid-like high-shine black coating. Caffeine connoisseurs rejoice!For couples doing the long distance thing, gift them two lamps that light up with a simple touch...no matter where they are in the world. Each person sets up their lamp via Wi-Fi, then reaches out and touches the lamp whenever they want to let their loved one know they're thinking of them. With every touch, the lamp cycles through a rainbow of colors. Magical.Game night is always at their house, so what better way to show your appreciation for the hosts than with this acacia wood cheese board? On one side, it has organized trays for crackers, olives, nuts/fruits, and on the other side, the cheese. Stainless steel knives in a hidden nook complete the set.These 15 mini soaps aren't just adorable, they're also moisturizing thanks to the nourishing Karité Oil they're made of. The refreshing scent will subtly linger on the skin throughout the day. A present that you can benefit from, too.Bowls with built-in soup spoon holders? Genius. Never worry about accidentally knocking your utensils off the table again. This set of two bowls is only $22 and will make eating instant ramen an even more fun experience. For the couple that loves to wine down with a glass of vino, give them this hilarious wine glass holder. At first, they'll chuckle at the thought of putting this up in their bathroom, but soon they'll find it handy to have...like when they're taking a bath and there's no place to safely set a wine glass down, except in this holder.If both their spirit animals are sloths, gift them this sweet succulent planter. It can be hung on the windowsill or from a shelf in the kitchen, but no matter where it dangles, it'll be a reminder to take it easy.Ponder over which is the A.M. versus P.M. person, and proceed to bask in the four elements: ocean, garden, woods, and bourbon. Keep the P.M. ones by your nightstand and the A.M. candles on your coffee table, so you can light one up when you work from home.If you're of the experiences are better than things mindset, give them a private helicopter tour or a glass-blowing class—pricing is per person, so maybe they won't mind you tagging along.Laid-back recipes for partner cooking from one half of a food-world power couple. Perhaps they'll invite you over for a meal in return for this wonderful gift.They're homebodies, which means they will truly appreciate these luxe waffle-knit robes. Made of 100-percent Turkish cotton, the robes can be tossed in the washing machine, too, for a quick rinse.Should these friends of yours be more of the "couple that has everything" caliber, how about some zodiac-referencing napkins? Chic.They do everything together, so naturally a tandem bicycle is right up their alley. Now, neither can use the excuse that they're too lazy to exercise. Simply sit in the back to help steer and let your partner do all the pedaling up front. •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The dress was allegedly replicated by Fashion Nova.Just when you’d almost recovered from Jennifer Lopez’s surprise appearance on the Versace runway back in September, the iconic jungle dress is back in the press. But this time, it’s not down to JLo’s glowing goddess radiance realness. Which we’re still not over, by the way.The green Versace dress, first made famous by Lopez when she wore it to the 2000 Grammy Awards, has found itself at the center of a major lawsuit. Forbes reports that the Italian fashion house is suing fast fashion retailer and Kylie Jenner's fave, Fashion Nova, for allegedly copying and replicating some of its most popular creations—including JLo’s LGD (little green dress).According to Forbes, the 35-page complaint by Versace “seeks a jury trial to stop Fashion Nova from selling the offending clothes and asks to be paid attorney’s fees and other damages.”Alongside the jungle dress, there’s also a multicolored “Pop Heart” style and a black and gold “Barocco” print being included in the allegations. The statement by Versace claims that Fashion Nova’s ability create a constant stream of new lines is down to “its willingness to copy the copyrighted designs, trademarks and trade dress elements of well-known designers such as Versace.”Yikes.It’s not the first time that Fashion Nova, who even recreated Meghan Markle's royal wedding dress, has found itself in hot water for its steady flow of ‘inspired’ items of clothing. Back in February, Kim Kardashian West blasted the affordable brand across social media for allegedly recreating a daring Thierry Mugler dress that she wore to the Hollywood Beauty Awards.  Squad Ghouls ⚠️ Tag Your Gals For Your Head-Turning Halloween Costumes ⬇️⁠⠀ Search: "Love Don't Cost A Thing 2 Piece Costume Set⁠"⁠⠀ Search: "Crush On You 3 Piece Costume Set"⁠⠀ Search: "One In A Million 4 Piece Costume Set"⁠⠀ ✨www.FashionNova.com✨A post shared by  FashionNova.com (@fashionnova) on Sep 23, 2019 at 5:08pm PDTAt the time, Kim tweeted: “It’s devastating to see these fashion companies rip off designs that have taken the blood, sweat and tears of true designers who have put their all into their own original ideas.”Lawsuit or no lawsuit, it goes without saying that, whatever the price tag, NOBODY wears it like JLo.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.Subscribe Here		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Who doesn't love a novelty sports-themed purse? Whatever Rihanna touches instantly turns to gold—like heels and sweatpants, for example. If you saw your girlfriend heading out in such a look (or with a soccer ball-shaped purse), you’d probably slowly guide her back inside and ask if she’s doing okay. But, when Rihanna does it, somehow it seems like it's just about the best idea ever.The music superstar-turned-Fenty CEO was part of the crowds at the UEFA Champions League soccer game in Turin, Italy earlier this week, where she showcased the only fashion choice that makes any real sense. Along with an oversized tan leather aviator jacket and a co-ordinated cosy hoodie, RiRi rocked a Louis Vuitton soccer ball-shaped purse. Hey, we all have one, right?Rihanna must have dug deep in the LV archives for this one. The bag was originally created back in the 90’s to celebrate the kick off of the 1998 World Cup, and quickly became a popular collector’s item. It proved so popular at the time that Fifa later invited the designer brand to create official licensed product collections for the tournaments as a result.Not only does the bag come with the signature LV monogram pattern and a handy leather shoulder strap, it’s also actually inflatable, and comes with a handy tip for blowing extra air inside to boost the shape like a real soccer ball. The only catch is that this one is worth several thousand dollars so, probably best not to do that.I’m starting to think that Celebrity Bag of the Week should be a recurring feature. This one versus Lizzo’s teeny tiny Valentiono bag? A poll I would vote in tbh.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.subscribe here		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I make them work all year long.In our biweekly series, editors share "the item they wear to death," whether it be a basic white tee or a super-trendy jumpsuit. Prepare yourself (and your credit card) for some guilt-free shopping.There are many reasons why I love living in the suburbs. Among them are having a big yard, room for all my collections of stuff (design books, glassware) and great public schools for my kids. However, the one thing I hate is my commute. On the best days, it feels like Planes, Trains and Automobiles. On the worst, it feels as if I’m caught in Dante’s ninth circle of Hell. In the morning, I walk to a jitney that takes me to a train that I take to the subway that finally takes me to the office. In the evening, I do it all again but usually with standing room only on all legs of my trip. Gone are the days of gingerly tip-toeing over sewer grates in kitten heels to catch a cab or plodding in boots from the bodega to my apartment a block away. If I don't hustle or sometimes run for my train, I might miss a management meeting or not be able to say "good night" to my two young children.Sneakers would be the obvious choice to solve my dilemma. But I don't feel as if I've ever been able to pull off the tennis shoes with workwear look. Maybe it's my flashbacks to Melanie Griffith in Working Girl in her blinding white sneakers and baggy navy blue suit or the trend of big-soled kicks and crop tops in Brooklyn. Neither of them feels like me. Among the tri-state area moms, clogs are the stylish answer to combining comfort and fashion. However, no matter how many versions of clogs I've tried on by No. 6 and Hasbeens, I could not find a comfortable pair (turns out those wooden soles are unforgiving for wider feet). But then my most stylish colleague turned me on to the Kacie Clog from Vionic and I've worn them nearly every day since.   Most clogs have no insole—it's straight foot-on-wood contact. My old knees and my daily travails make that a deal-breaker. These have a faux wooden platform that is light and a cushioned footbed that's forgiving. I have them in all three colors and wear them with cotton dresses in the spring and summer, tights in the fall and wooly socks and jeans in the winter (as long as there isn't snow or ice on the ground). The heels add two inches to my puny five feet and two inches and makes my stumpy legs look a little leaner. I literally walk a little taller and I feel confident and professional wearing them—so much so that most days I don't change into my office shoes,Wearing a clog does take some getting used to. You may need to change your gait or grip a little tighter with your toes. It took me a while to figure how to run to the train in them (it's more like a fast shuffle). And you most certainly need to find your balance—I've nearly fallen a handful of times. But once you've found your footing, I guarantee you'll be sold.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Black Friday and Cyber Monday have become virtually interchangeable, which means it's become increasingly more difficult to decide whether to buy those Meghan Markle shoes while you're in a food coma...or wait until Monday. (I know, life is hard.) It's safe to assume the former before products sell out as most Black Friday deals extend through the weekend, ultimately just re-labeling themselves as Cyber Monday deals. To avoid getting in trouble for sneaking away from your family too long while searching for your favorite brand's deals, we've rounded up the best fashion, accessories, tech, beauty, and home Black Friday sales, below. Date: November 29 Discount: Save up to 50 percent on men's and women’s clothing from Amazon Brands, including Amazon Essentials, Goodthreads, Daily Ritual, and The Drop; Save up to 30 percent on bedding & bath for the family from AmazonBasics, Stone & Beam and Rivet; Save up to 30 percent on furniture from Rivet and Stone & Beam, plus more incredible dealsSHOPDate: November 24-December 2Discount: 30 percent off sitewide  SHOPDate: November 29-December 1Discount: Take 40 percent off sitewide using code: FRIDAY40SHOPDate: November 25-December 2 Discount: 30 percent off sitewideSHOPDate: November 29 Discount: 50 percent off full price items and 60 percent off sale items SHOPDate: November 29Discount: Choose three items for $210 from signature dresses, best-selling puffers, holiday styles, and more. Items include: Kanda Puffer, Josie Short Puffer, and Geneva Dress SHOPDate: November 29Discount: Up to 60 percent off using code: SWTHANKFUL SHOPDate: November 29Discount: Free online shipping on all orders over $200, plus 20-40 percent discounts across most stylesSHOPDate: November 29Discount: Customers save up to 65 percent off when they take an extra 33 percent off select previously reduced items online and in-store. Vendor exclusions applySHOPDate: November 29 Discount: Use code BLACKFRIDAY at checkout for an additional 15 percent discountSHOPDate: November 26-December 2Discount: Up to 25 percent off full-price items and up to 75 percent off sale items using code: MORE19 SHOPDate: November 25-December 2Discount:  $100 off 2 pairs both online and at their NYC pop-up location; $150 off 3 pairs both online and at their NYC pop-up location; $200 off 4 pairs both online and at their NYC pop-up locationSHOPDate: November 27-December 2  Discount: 35 percent off sitewideSHOPDate: November 26-December 3Discount: 40 percent off entire purchaseSHOPDate: November 21-29Discount: 25 percent off sitewide, as well as 30 percent off orders of $500+, 35 percent off orders of $750+, 40 percent off orders of $1,000+, and 50 percent off orders of $1,500+SHOPDate: November 28-December 3 Discount: 35 percent off sitewide  SHOPDate: November 28-December 2Discount: 30 percent off sitewideSHOPDate: November 28-30Discount: 35 percent off in-store and 25 percent off onlineSHOPDate: November 25-30Discount: 50 percent off sitewideSHOPDate: November 28-December 3Discount: 25 percent off sitewide  Date: November 26-December 3Discount: 50 percent off all styles online and in-storeSHOPDate: November 29-December 2 Discount: Free shipping on all orders and 30 percent off all markdowns using code: BLACKFRIYAY. Excludes final sale gownsSHOPDate: November 29-December 2Discount: 20 percent off sitewideSHOPDate: November 28-December 2Discount: 25 percent off sitewideSHOPDate: November 22-December 1; November 29; December 2-6Discount: 30 percent off sitewide; 30 percent off sitewide plus one sku deep discount (discounts can’t be combined); 25 percent off sitewide, new deals everyday (offers cannot be combined) SHOPDate: November 29-December 2Discount: 25 percent off using code: BFCM25SHOP Date: November 27-December 2Discount: 25 percent off sitewide (full price and sale, online, and in-store)SHOPDate: November 27-December 2Discount: 35 percent off sitewideSHOPDate: November 28-30  Discount: In-store and online spend $100, receive $25 off; spend $150, receive $50 off; spend $250, receive $100 offSHOPDate: November 27-December 1Discount: 40 percent off select stylesSHOPDate: November 28-30Discount: Receive exclusive Lilly Pulitzer Stackable Ornaments with a purchase of $75 or moreSHOPDate: November 28-December 1 Discount: 25 percent off sitewide using code: BF19; some exclusions apply  SHOPDate: November 26-December 1 Discount: 50 percent off sitewide SHOP Date: November 27-30 Discount: 30 percent off sitewide using code: TAKE30; some exclusions applySHOPDate: November 29Discount: Take 15 percent off when you spend $100-$249, 20 percent off when you spend $250-$399, and 25 percent off when you spend $400 + on select items; On almost everything else, Loyallists will get a $25 reward card for every $100 they spend with select exclusionsSHOPDate: November 23-December 2Discount: 30 percent off using code: DREAMON SHOPDate: November 29Discount: 25 percent off select small goods SHOPDate: November 21-December 2Discount: Select styles will be up to 75 percent off, including favorites from brands like Alo, Aviator Nation, Lululemon, Monrow, Nike Tory Sport, PE Nation The Upside and UltracorSHOPDate: November 26-December 1Discount: Up to 50 percent offSHOPDate: November 27-December 2 Discount: Exclusive archive sale with fan favorite pieces from past and present collections up to 70 percent off. Access granted by signing up for the newsletter at TanyaTaylor.comSHOP Date: November 28-December 1Discount: 40 percent off sitewide + extra 50 percent off sale  SHOPDate: November 29-December 2Discount: 30 percent off sitewide, no exclusions. Items marked as FINAL SALE are not eligible for refund or exchangeSHOPDate: November 26-December 2Discount: 25 percent off entire siteSHOPDate: November 27-December 2; November 27-December 3Discount: 25 percent off select jewelry, 50 percent off select watches in-store; 25 percent off select jewelry, 50 percent off select watches onlineSHOPDate: November 29 Discount: 50 percent off the original price of sale styles, 20 percent off all regular-priced stylesSHOPDate: November 29-December 2Discount: 40 percent off sitewideSHOP Date: November 27-December 2Discount: 25 percent off everything; 30 percent off $300+; Plus, a few extra surprises along the waySHOPDate: November 23-27; November 28-December 3Discount: 30 percent off entire store, with select exclusions; 40 percent off entire store, with select exclusions and a GWP Travel Kit with $125+ purchaseSHOP Date: November 27-December 2Discount: 30 percent off entire purchase SHOPDate: November 28-December 3 Discount: 25 percent off bestsellers SHOP  Date: November 29-December 1Discount: 50 percent off select bridesmaid dresses; Regular price bridesmaid dresses, starting at $99; Select holiday party dresses, now $99; Customer-favorite party dress, now $79; Customer-favorite dress for mom, now $129   SHOPDate: November 27-December 2Discount: 20 percent off entire site excluding Bridal Atelier, leopard styles, and The Uptown SandalSHOPDate: November 30 Discount: 50 percent off Retro 3 Packs SHOPDate: November 29 Discount: 25 percent every purchase $100 or moreSHOPDate: November 27-December 3 Discount: 25 percent off sitewide including handbags and sale using code: BFCM25SHOPDate: November 29 Discount: Free Reverse Weave blanket with orders over $125SHOPDate: November 28-December 2 Discount: 15 percent off sitewide SHOPDate: November 26-December 3Discount: 20 percent off sitewide SHOPDate: November 28-December 1Discount: Up to 50 percent off on a variety of products SHOPDate: November 28-December 3Discount: 30 percent off sitewide (excluding rugs & pillows) SHOPDate: November 29-December 1Discount: Buy two, get one free (automatically applied)  SHOPDate: November 27-December 2 (shoppers with the Etsy app will have exclusive access to the sale preview on Tuesday, November 26 and the sale extension on Tuesday, December 3)Discount: Up to 60 percent off SHOPDate: November 26-29Discount: 30 percent off sitewide + free shipping on $25+ using code: BLACKFRIDAY30SHOPDate: November 27-29; November 28-29Discount: 20 percent off entire purchase online and in-stores (standard coupon exclusions apply); 25 percent off entire purchase (standard coupon exclusions apply) with in-store only coupon  SHOPDate: November 28-29Discount: Receive 50 percent off select items at GODIVA boutiques, outlets, cafes, and onlineSHOPDate: November 29-December 2 Discount: 20 percent off of everything (including The Mattress!). Excludes furniture, gift cards, donations, swatches, and giftcardsSHOPDate: November 28-December 2 Discount: 30 percent off sitewideSHOPDate: November 25-December 1   Discount: 25 percent off sitewide (exclusions apply*) using code: BIGTHANKSSHOPDate: November 29-December 2Discount: Baies Black Friday Limited Edition Candle retailing for $74 in limited-edition packaging  SHOPDate: November 29Discount: $20 off $100+ / $40 off $200+ in stores and online; Free Shipping for online orders, no minimumSHOP Date: November 28-29Discount: 30 percent off everything plus free shipping SHOPDate: November 13-December 9Discount: 25 percent off sitewide using code: GIFT. Two free Cloud Pillows included with every mattress purchase. Offer valid online onlySHOPDate: November 29-December 2Discount: 20 percent off sitewide and free shipping for all US purchases over $150Date: November 29   Discount: Free shipping and $1 boxes with code: FRIYAY; First 100 subscribers receive a free Sips by box with code: FRIDAY15SHOPDate: November 27-30Discount: 10 percent off originals of $500+ using code: WONDER2019; 15 percent off originals of $1500+ using code: JOYFUL2019; 20 percent off Limited Editions of $150+ using code: JOLLY2019SHOPDate: November 26-December 2Discount: 20 percent off sitewide using code: THANKS20SHOP Date: November 29-30Discount: Receive up to 30 percent off the Baked by Melissa Latest & Greatest Packs online & in-stores; 10 percent off Latest & Greatest Cupcakes 25-Pack (discounted price: $27); 20 percent off Latest & Greatest Cupcakes 50-Pack (discounted price: $48); 30 percent off Latest & Greatest Cupcakes 100-Pack (discounted price: $84)SHOPDate: November 29Discount: Download or open the app day-of for promo code that will unlock 18 percent off hotelsSHOPDate: December 2Discount: Use code DEWY20 for 20 percent off + free shippingSHOPDate: November 28-December 12Discount: 20 percent off hair color/haircare, 35 percent off cosmetics (Lash Paradise 20 percent off), and select skincare up to 35 percent off  Date: November 27-December 2 Discount: Up to 30 percent off on AmazonSHOPDate: November 28-30Discount: 40 percent off all lips; 30 percent off face and eyesSHOP  Date: November 28-30Discount: 20 percent off sitewide; Launching new Kylie Skin x APL Slides; Restocking Kylie Skin SetsSHOPDate: November 29-30Discount: Free 24-piece Bluemercury bag with any $200 online purchase. The gift bag is filled with some of the most sought after products from various partner brands including Darphin, Kiehl’s, M-61, SkinCeuticals, and moreSHOPDate: November 29Discount: 20 percent off select Goop products - Goop beauty, Goop fashion, and Goop wellness included   SHOPDate: November 25-29Discount: 30 percent off sitewide and a free Kabuki brush with each purchase SHOPDate: November 28-December 3Discount: 20 percent off all purchases and 30 percent off for purchases of $120+ sitewideSHOPDate: November 29Discount: 20 percent off any purchase sitewide; If you spend over $50 you will receive a full-size dry shampoo SHOPDate: November 25-December 3Discount: Up to 30 percent off selection of products and bundles and an additional 10 percent off will be added on Cyber MondaySHOPDate: November 28-December 1Discount: T.com site visitors will be invited to "pick a card" and reveal their mystery offer. Visitors are invited to play every day for the chance to unlock three offers in total, but can only play once per day SHOPDate: November 28-December 2Discount: Over 430 products on sale all up to 30 percent offSHOPDate: November 25-27; November 28; November 29; December 2Discount: 20 percent off $100 + free shipping; 20 percent off $100 + free shipping + tote GWP; 20 percent off $100 + free shipping + Nutritive Mini Trio GWP; 20 percent off any purchase + free shipping + Mini Extentioniste Thermique GWPSHOPDate: November 29-31 Discount: 25 percent off using code: BLACK25SHOPDate: November 29-December 2 Discount: Spend $100, get 15 percent off using code: Save15; Spend $300, get 20 percent off using code: Save20; Spend $500, get 25 percent off using code: Save25SHOPDate: November 25-30Discount: 25 percent off everything online and in-store using code: ITSON SHOPDate: November 29-December 1Discount: 35 percent off sitewide and free shipping on orders $50 and more using code: BF35  SHOPDate: November 28-December 2Discount: Spend $96 on two full-size products excluding cloths you will get the 2 x 15ml Midas Touch Free  SHOPDate: November 29Discount: 20 percent off sitewide + receive seven deluxe samples with a $75+ purchase SHOPDate: November 29Discount: Up to 30 percent off using code: DSGIFT. Some product and brand exclusions applySHOPDate: November 22; November 24; November 27; November 28Discount: See discounts according to date below. November 22: Fire HD 8 is $30 off – just $49.99, Fire HD 8 Kids Edition is $50 off – just $79.99, Fire 7 Tablet is $20 off – just $29.99, Fire 7 Kids Edition is $40 off – just $59.99, Fire HD 10 Tablet is $50 off - $99.99, Kindle Paperwhite is $45 off – just $84.99, Ring Video Doorbell Pro + Echo Show 5 bundle is $149.99 off – just $189.00November 24: Fire TV Stick with 4K with Alexa Voice Remote is $25 off – just $24.99, Fire TV Stick with Alexa Voice Remote is $20 off – just $19.99, Fire TV Cube is $30 off – just $89.99November 27: Blink XT2 3 Camera Kit is $65 off – just $184.99, Ring indoor cam 2 pack is $40 off, just $99.99, Amazon Smart Plug is $20 off – just $4.99 when purchased as a bundle with Echo Dot, Echo Dot with Clock, Echo, Echo Show 5, or Echo StudioNovember 28: Echo Dot with clock is $25 off – just $34.99, Echo Dot is $27.99 off – just $22.00, Echo Auto is $20 off – just $29.99, Echo (3rd gen) is $40 off – just $59.99, Echo Show 5 is $40 off – just $49.99, Echo Show is $80 off – just $149.99SHOPDate: November 29Discount: Save up to $500 on select Surface Book 2; Save up to $330 on Surface Pro 7 + Type Cover bundle; Save up to $300 on Surface Laptop 3; All-New Surface Go starting at $299; Save 50 percent off on Sea of Thieves: Anniversary Edition; Save up to $20 on select Xbox One controller; Save up to $200 on the Samsung Note10 and S10 phonesSHOPDate: November 26-December 1 Discount: Take 20 percent off using code: BF20; Spend $300 to get 20 percent off entire order; Take 30 percent off using code: BF30; Spend $500 to get 30 PERCENT off entire order. *Excludes MW07 PLUS, MW07 GO, MH40 Wireless, gift cardsSHOPThe post will be updated as more sales become available. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.subscribe here		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Make space in your closet, please.We've already pinpointed our favorite fall/winter 2019 runway trends, but now we're breaking it down further with a focus on footwear. After close examination of the spring and fall collections, we've determined which sandals to pack on vacay and which boots you'll be wearing from now until spring 2020 arrives. For this season, designers aren't completely reinventing the wheel. Instead, they're building upon the fashion house archives and past trends, adding embellishments here and there or introducing cool shapes like a cylindrical heel. Without further ado, the top 15 shoe trends for 2019.A metallic loafer provides an easy way to dress up your holiday outfit, whether you're visiting the in-laws or attending a company work party. Take some inspo from the look above and team your footwear with tall argyle socks. This unexpected combination gives a fresh update to your shoes. Plus, if TSA makes you take off your loafers at security, you won't have to go barefoot on those floors. Shudder.Set aside your summer floral pieces in favor of moodier and earthier shades for winter. Erdem, Brock Collection, and Zimmermann all presented collections with yellow, blue, and orange flowers against a dark background to signal this is indeed a fall shoe trend. I love this '70s-inspired ankle boot by Staud for its flawless fall floral execution. You'll find the print echoed in other footwear styles from flats to pointed-toe pumps.This thick-soled shoe has a long history, from the World War II battlefields and '50s dandy subculture to the Vivienne Westwood-influenced '70s punk scene. Louis Vuitton gives the creeper a designer update with its signature logo print. Don't be afraid to let your favorite socks peek through the top for an extra style statement.We can all use an extra layer of warmth for winter, so shearling-lined shoes will be your feet's savior this season. Furry material covered all kinds of shoes that came down the fall 2019 runways, from over-the-knee boots at Celine to fuzzy pumps at Off-White. Once the temperatures really dip, give your favorite pair of UGG boots a break and try one of the styles, below.Every season you'll see animal prints on the runway, though they're always reworked in different silhouettes. For their fall/winter 2019 collections, designers like Zimmermann, Victoria Beckham, and Rejina Pyo took classic prints like leopard and paired them with a sculptural heel or pointy-toe footwear design. This instantly created something different and unique for shoppers. For those who have yet to own anything leopard print, start from the ground up with these footwear options.Intricate embroidery evokes images of vintage jewelry boxes and heavy gowns like Blake Lively's Met Gala look. But it's also totally wearable. Michael Kors' spring '19 show featured everyday embroidered pieces, like this pair of pink platform sandals. The design marries artistry to fashion for a totally one-of-a-kind shoe. This season you'll also be seeing the detailing on boots and mules.Old school wooden platforms are back in style thanks to a few luxe updates, like structured leather and shiny studs (see: the Salvatore Ferragamo number below). Rock your clogs with a denim-on-denim ensemble and a puffer coat or underneath a maxi dress. For those wanting to take things up a notch, wear a thick pair of wool socks with your footwear for that unequivocal fashion girl ensemble.It's time we all embrace the unusual, sculptural heel, available in a variety of geometric shapes you definitely knew the names of in elementary school. The innovative heels are basically wearable architectural feats, allowing you to incorporate a sense of wonder and drama into your work or party outfits. Keep your look simple with jeans and a t-shirt, letting the footwear captivate onlookers.Sneakers have become a permanent fixture in runway collections, so don't expect dad sneakers to completely disappear any time soon. Style with a tie-dye top or a rugby-shirt dress for the ultimate color clash–approved combo. This is one comfortable trend my feet are thankful for.Monse's entire spring '19 collection gave a nod to the seaside, and it seems other designers had similar ideas, releasing woven footwear. Nautical details popped up on the models' feet at shows like Milly and Ulla Johnson, paired with flowing dresses and skirts. In an instant, we were all thinking of booking vacations to the Caribbean or the French Riviera. Luckily, you don't have to wait until next season to get your hands on a pair of rope sandals. Pick a pair below to pack with you for your next vacation. Feathered heels and flats dominated the spring runways, from Valentino (above) to Prabal Gurung and Simone Rocha. The feathers fluttered down the catwalk and, in a second, stole the spotlight from the rest of the outfit. There isn't just one spot designers are incorporating plumage, some added feathers to the heel of their footwear while others lined it on the straps. All look amazing.You need a pair of thin, strappy heels or flats STAT. This minimalist style popped up on the runways of Jacquemus and Rejina Pyo last year and retailers now offer a variety of styles. You'll find brands like Zara and BY FAR making the most elegant barely-there sandals that are perfect for the office or weddings. You do have to buy and try different styles to find the most comfy pair for you, but it's worth it. I personally prefer a style with kitten heels, worn with socks to make it wintertime appropriate. You're about to see buckles on flats and stilettos, adding edge to traditionally more feminine footwear. Alexander McQueen sent a shoe down the runway with three buckles, while Sies Marjan pushed the envelope with four rugged straps. If you're not ready to have your feet completely caged in, there are simpler, single-buckle options out there. Pro-tip: If you choose shoes with multiple buckles, give yourself a few extra minutes in the mornings to put them on.The fashion industry loves a good, quirky shoe (see Maison Margiela who first launched this Tabi calfskin boot in the '80s. One of our editors even dared to rock the trend and loved it.) For spring 2019, the focus was on big toe energy with plenty of designers, from Tibi to Dries Van Noten, creating toe-strap shoes. These looked sleeker and more chic than its 2018 counterpart Y/Project, but still placed a heavy emphasis on one's toe. If you don't already own a pair, shop some cute options below to wear on your tropical getaways in December.Should anyone make fun of your Teva shoes, you'll have the last laugh. After all, fashion houses like Prada have long been making this utilitarian style. The design, made of criss-crossing velcro straps, were summer's shoe solution to "ugly dad sneakers." Designers such as Sandy Liang and Anna Sui even incorporated Teva shoes into their New York Fashion Week presentations last year, which means you definitely need to get your hands on a pair.For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERECue the fireplace. ’Tis the season for curling up into a plush blanket on the couch and kicking back to enjoy some well-deserved downtime—the most wonderful time of the year, indeed!If you're stuck on what to get someone on your list, you can never go wrong with a gift that comes with the reminder to relax and pamper oneself over the holidays. Check out ten of our coziest picks, from comfy winter essentials from Chaps (Mandy Moore-approved!) to everything else needed for some serious self-care action. Fair warning: You'll want to keep them for yourself.A jersey dress is versatile enough to throw on for any occasion, and this one from Chaps is elevated with a twist detail on the front.Whether it's meeting friends in your hometown for dinner or going on a date to a local wine bar, this will easily become a winter staple.Nothing is better than having a bed full of fuzzy, plush pillows, and this one is neutral enough to go with any existing decor. Throw this on an accent chair or couch to instantly warm up any space.The perfect winter night consists of some version of the following: cozy blankets, five episodes of your favorite show, and a candle burning. This one is a foolproof favorite—the smell is "reminiscent of winter days seeking comfort in the warmth of an open crackling fire." Self-care Sunday, here we come.Corduroys are the comfy alternative to jeans we all need in the winter, especially during the holiday season when plans require you to change out of your go-to sweats. This pair from Chaps is super soft and will go well with just about anything in your closet.These retro earmuffs are essential to the winter lineup: chunky sweater, puffer coat, and shearling boots. Just add a thermos of hot cocoa and you're all set.Add a few drops of this rose-scented oil in the water for a seriously relaxing bath worthy of a glass of wine (or two). It's made with natural conditioners that soothe and hydrate skin for an added moisture boost during dry-skin season.If your friend still wears basic, grandma-looking slippers, give her a pair of these. They're super comfy for lounging around, and the pom poms add a luxe little touch.These plaid pants are comfy and festive—perfect for the holiday season. Give a pair to your sister or best friend, and while you're at it, grab some for yourself. They'll be a staple for you all winter long. Weighted blankets are made to help relax the body, and this 15-pound fleece is the perfect place to start—just add pajamas and cue your favorite holiday rom-com. Enjoy!One of the best ways to decompress after a stressful day is with a hot cup of tea, and this cinnamon blend is especially apropos for the holiday season.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			British brand Missoma started its Black Friday sale early!As if we weren't already excited enough about the prospect of shopping the Black Friday sales, Missoma just kicked things off early. The jewelry brand has already launched its sale, giving customers 25 percent off absolutely everything on the site. All you have to do is enter the code "BF25" at checkout.Back in February last year, just before her wedding, Meghan Markle visited Edinburgh with Prince Harry. Her outfit—a tartan Burberry coat and green Strathberry bag—was gorgeous, as was her jewelry. The Duchess wore delicate gold rings layered up to create a stacked effect, including Missoma's Interstellar design. The gold vermeil piece, finished with a crystal bezel gem, sold out instantly. At $59, it's pretty affordable to start with—and with the Black Friday discount, it's a steal.Just six months later in October 2018, during a visit to Chichester, Meghan was spotted wearing Missoma again. The Duchess paired her green leather skirt and & Other Stories silk shirt (you can buy her exact style here) with an engraved signet ring and boho bracelets.Aaand here are the pieces (did I mention they're 25 percent off?!):The Duchess of Sussex has always been a huge fan of British brand Missoma, even before meeting Harry and moving to the States. Back in her Suits days, the then-actress took a selfie in one of Missoma's necklaces for a blog post—and then, in 2017, during a visit to Harry in Kensington, she was seen wearing the brand's stacking rings.It's no wonder eco-conscious Meghan is a fan of Missoma—it's one of the retailers actively giving back on Black Friday 2019. For the second year running, the brand is teaming up with the charity Tree Sisters to offset its carbon footprint by planting one tree for every order made.Without a doubt, Missoma's most popular design is the Roman Arc Coin, which has been spotted on Margot Robbie, Cindy Crawford, Sophie Turner, and Gigi Hadid. And, yeah, that one's 25 percent off, too.Finally, if your bank account will allow for more Black Friday deals, allow us to present...For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.subscribe hereFrom: Cosmopolitan UK		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Ready, set, ski!A ski vacation is about so much more than skiing (well, we think so, at least). Gearing up for the mountains with the goal of being cozy and chic is an important part of the equation. Finding the right mix of pieces that are both high performance and high style will help you conquer the slopes and master that aprés ski attitude.This shiny puffer coat will work double duty, keeping you warm both on the slopes and off.This padded ski poncho was literally made for the aprés life. Pair with knee high boots, and voila, instant outfit.Durable, flexible, and lightweight, these sunglasses will help keep your eyes on the prize.These snow pants will elongate your legs and won't fall down thanks to a trusty set of suspenders sewn in.Wear these boots come snow, sleet, or ice. The  rubber toe and rugged sole provides great traction for tackling mountain terrain. Save up for this fun Prada accessory that has a padded lining and side flaps to keep your ears fully protected from the elements.Keep your noggin safe and warm with this insulated and oh-so-stylish helmet.These thermal leggings are lined with fleece making them the perfect anecdote for chilly days on the slopes.This scarf is so comfy you'll be tempted to use it as a pillow.Spend less time adjusting because these socks won't slip or bunch.This bright blue bodysuit provides a great pop of color under any puffer.Ask anyone, a great pair of mittens can make or break any ski sesh.Track your ski outings by recording runs and viewing vertical descent with the help of a trusty Apple Watch....For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here).		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Croissant lamps exist.  For people who work at a fashion magazine, Marie Claire editors sure do love a great home essential (candles! roombas! croissant lamps!). And if there's one thing the MC team is good at, it's making a list—especially come holiday time. Ahead, the products we've been eyeing that would make excellent gifts (cough cough), if we do say so ourselves..."I plan to purchase a Byredo candle in Burning Rose this holiday season for obvious reasons—namely the addicting smell! The calming scent of rose petals with notes of violet, leather, and birch tree is so invigorating, and I feel like it would add such a sweet and feminine touch to my apartment." —Chelsea Hall, Executive Assistant to the Editor-in-Chief and Creative Director "I’ve been holding out on buying a Jacquemus bag because I wanted to find the perfect one. My patience has been rewarded in the form of this Riviera handbag. It’s big enough to hold more than just my wallet, but small enough to look delicate and dainty." —Marina Liao, Fashion News Editor"For the cost, I think these are the best Chelsea boots money can buy. They are so crazy comfortable, have a walkable heel, and make me feel put together even when pairing them with a distressed jeans and a tee. If you haven’t already guessed, I own a pair of these boots. If I get another pair for Christmas this year, it will be my third pair in life. Call me loyal, or cheap (because I’m pretty sure these are a Celine knockoff), but I say go with what you know works." —Kayla Webley Adler, Features Director "I am definitely addicted to Everlane for its ethical ethos, but also for the quality of its garments. I also happen to need a new puffer coat in preparation for the icy Boston winter. This one offers the coverage I want, and the white is neutral yet still a good complement to all of my outfits. I'll match the inches feet of snow we're probably going to get this year!" —Katherine J. Igoe, Contributing Editor "Capturing moments is a hobby of mine I want to take more seriously in the coming year. (I might as well capitalize on my skill of catching all of my friends' angles the best!) Most importantly, reminiscing on life experiences through film makes moments feel even more special. Over the summer, a friend of mine used this camera to snap epic shots of our shenanigans and the photos turned out so dope. iPhone cameras are futuristic, but film photos are timeless." —Maya Allen, Digital Beauty Editor "If Santa is real, he will make this miracle happen. I first saw these perfect boots in September when I did some sight-seeing in the Chanel boutique in Paris. I love the signature quilting detail and the subtle logo on the strap, which adds some delicateness and femininity to an otherwise sturdy boot. I imagine these to be the perfect throw-them-on-and-go boots with leggings and a sweater on the weekend or skinny jeans and a blazer on workdays. Mr. Claus, I promise I would wear these every day!!!" —Sally Holmes, Digital Director “I cook a lot, and my measuring cups are beaten up so you can’t even read the numbers on them. But if I had this new set, that would never be an issue! I love how the intuitive design makes it easy to find the right cup instantly. Can someone get me these, please? I’ll cook you dinner if you do!” —Jennifer Goldstein Sullivan, Beauty & Health Director"I blame my final trip to Barneys for keeping these bad boys at the top of mind. Trying them on was my first mistake because I’ve already been imagining all of the track suit pants and mom jeans I can wear with these sneakers. I love their masculine appeal and how effortlessly understated the black-on-black design looks. I’ll never own enough basic black shoes to wear with every item in my closet. It’s called being resourceful, ya know?" —M.A."In Scandinavia they say, ‘There’s no such thing as bad weather; only bad clothes,” and I 100 percent agree. When I have super-warm winter gear that looks cool, the season seems less daunting. Last year, I had this Acne hat in black and I love it. But I’m trying to bring more color into my life, so I’d love this emerald green version. It’ll make dreary days more cheerful." —J.G.S."This is a real croissant, preserved in resin and injected with a lil’ yellow bulb. I can’t decide whether I more want to eat it or spend winter evenings snuggled up next to it." —Jenny Hollander, Deputy Editor "I know it’s not the trendiest thing in the world, but good air is a pretty bangin’ gift in my book. I’m cursed with year-long allergies and asthma, so a vacuum cleaner and standard HVAC system just doesn’t cut it. This air purifier has heating and cooling properties in addition to the purification factor, hooks up to Alexa, and monitors the room’s humidity levels. Plus, in true Dyson fashion, it looks like a piece of abstract sculpture—unlike other clunky air purifiers that are a real eyesore in the bedroom." —Hana Hong, Beauty Assistant"I need a simple chic moto jacket, but I don't want to add more leather to my wardrobe. So, I've asked for this vegan option from my family this year—it's classic, not too pricey, and the gold hardware works with my everyday accessories. It also comes in burgundy and green if you're feeling more adventurous than me." —K.J.I."Don’t call it a toaster oven—it’s a countertop convection oven, and people I know who own one have all but abandoned their full-sized appliance to make everything from perfect roast chicken and fall-apart braised carnitas to quick breads and pastries. I love to cook, I love to eat even more, and I’d do more of both with this." —Riza Cruz, Executive Editor "The winter is all about cozying up, and there's no better way to do it than in this Isabel Marant hoodie. I like the purposefully faded maroon logo on the front, and it instantly dresses up a pair of jeans—especially when worn with a pair of animal print boots." —M.L."When one of my corded headphones stopped working, it was time for me to accept the inevitable: I need AirPods. Will I be the basic bitch who keeps them in, even during conversation, so you don’t know if I’m really listening? Nay, the person who drops theirs on the dirty subway floor, erupting in a full-on panic? Only time will tell." —Megan DiTrolio, Associate Editor "My husband and I have thousands of movies on Blu-Ray, DVD, and VHS (yep, you read that right), but we also have two young kids. With this wireless surround-sound speaker system, movie night might feel like date night again...minus paying for a sitter." —Joyce Bautista Ferrari, Managing Editor "Confession: I already own a robot vacuum, and it’s changed my life (ok, at least my Saturday housecleaning routine. It’s like having a second pair of hands.) No longer do I dread Swiffering hardwood and dragging out the hand vac for area rugs or ignoring missed hair strands and dust bunnies. Floors are now consistently clean—and the most effort I exerted was calling up Watchmen on the DVR. But I wouldn’t mind a truly hands-free upgrade to this model that empties itself." —R.C."I’m not sure where I’m going to store this beauty—I’ve filled up every inch of my tiny apartment's kitchen space with Dutch ovens, tagines, and coquettes—but I need her nonetheless. Imagine how nicely the meringue color would flatter the crispy edges of a baked ziti, or the tomato-y drippings from a steamy eggplant parmesan." —Taylore Glynn, Associate Beauty & Health Editor "After the aforementioned Italian food, I’ll need to sweat things out. SoulCycle is one of the only cardio classes I genuinely enjoy, so I try and spin there as often as possible. This holiday season, give me the gift of tapping it back." —T.G."I spent all summer in my hot-pink Rothys The Point flats (I’m in good company; Meghan Markle loves The Point), and my feet are desperate to spend the winter wrapped up in the brand’s new Chelsea boots." —J.H."I’m not one to get caught up in the Insta-famous styles of the season, but I’ll admit that one choice coat by The Arrivals has become a bit of an obsession. With a classic shape and durable build, the Moya IV oversized shearling coat with a black leather trim looks like a worthy investment piece." —M.D."Heels have become a thing of my past. I’m now all about the flat—shoes I won’t trip in while carrying my son, and ones that slip easily on and off as I pick him up at daycare. (No shoes allowed in the infant room!) I’ve been eyeing these Ferragamo loafers; the simple yet sleek design can take me from work to the grocery store to low-key nights out with ease." —Colleen Leahey McKeegan, Senior Features Editor"Is there anything more decadent than silk pajamas? I’m sure if I wore these to bed I would never have trouble sleeping again. I mean, look at those wide leg pants with a slit—don’t those scream, we will instantly soothe you back to sleep if you wake at 4 a.m.?" —K.W.A.••• For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.subscribe here		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Selena Gomez is back on her first award show red carpet of the year, and she dressed to make a statement for the occasion. The singer wore a strapless lime green Versace dress with her hair down in a bob and accessorized with a diamond necklace. Gomez will be performing her new music live for the first time since she released singles "Lose You to Love Me" and "Look at Her Now" last month.The American Music Awards have a lot of significance for Gomez. She performed "Wolves" and debuted platinum hair at the 2017 awards. Shortly after that, she switched back to brunette.But it was at the 2016 AMAs where she had one of her biggest award show moments ever. The ceremony was Gomez's first big event after she took time off in the summer and fall, and she gave a powerful speech when she won Favorite Female Artist, telling the crowd, "if you are broken, you do not have to stay broken. And if that's anything, whether you respect me or not, that's one thing you need to know about me is that I care about people."Here, her full remarks from then:From: ELLE US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Kate Middleton just rewore one of her most amazing ensembles. The Duchess of Cambridge sported her customized, green Beulah London ‘Yahvi’ dress during a reception she and her husband, Prince William, hosted for nominees and finalists for the Tusk Conservation Awards on Thursday, November 21. "Earlier today, Catherine and I spent some time with the #TuskAwards nominees and finalists. Their bravery, single-minded determination, and commitment to African conservation is deeply deeply humbling," William wrote of the low-key reception in a post on the official Kensington Palace Twitter. Kate's dress is one we've seen before. She wore the show-stopping dress in January of this year during a visit to Family Action—a charity focused on working directly with vulnerable children and families through more than 135 community-based services—to launch a new national support line in Lewisham, England. The green Beulah dress was customized for the duchess (he version doesn't have fluted cuffs and features ruched shoulder detailing). The fitted dress has a flowing, midi-length skirt and gorgeous button detailing. It's still available to shop, if you feel like splurging (it costs almost $700): Kate paired the dress with her Gianvito Rossi 85 heels in dark olive suede (which also retail for just shy of $700): For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.subscribe here		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			We made the list, and it's time for you to check it twice.Unsure what to get the person who has everything? The person who always says, "I'm good with whatever"? Well, no more panicking—Google Search has released its top trending products this holiday season. (Is there any greater affirmation of a product that people rapid-fire Googling it?) Ahead, the most covetable accessories for fall and winter, according to the search engine giant. There's something for everyone on your list.This iconic over-the-knee boot in supple leather includes a stretchy back panel so you can feel comfortable and look chic.This backpack can do it all, and by all, we mean: Hold a 15" laptop or tablet, include close to a dozen different compartments, and stay dry in the rain thanks to its waterproof material. Also, have we mentioned the 5-year warranty?These are the Soldier XII Men's, one of the most popular designs from LeBron James' shoe line with Nike. It's the perfect present for your sneakerhead or basketball-loving friend. You've probably seen it all over your Instagram feed, and this one lives up to the hype. The quilted leather is *chef's kiss.*The top half of these boots are made with neoprene, which is a similar material to what scuba suits are made with, so, yeah—you'll stay warm.The equestrian-inspired boot of our dreams comes in a smoky brown that's hard to pass up. The Michael Kors Rhea Backpack comes in other colors, but the color-block denim of this one is too much of a statement to pass up.  This carry-on from Tumi is the mother of all carry-ons. It has a USB port for charging devices and a built-in a TSA lock, and it comes with a 5-year warranty. A modern twist on one of the most comfortable and cozy shoes ever. They may be for him, but you'll totally steal these.This sleek backpack comes in a ton of colors, but this holographic version is a step above the rest. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.subscribe here		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			We made the list, and it's time for you to check it twice.Unsure what to get the person who has everything? The person who always says, "I'm good with whatever"? Well, no more panicking—Google Search has released its top trending products this holiday season. (Is there any greater affirmation of a product that people rapid-fire Googling it?) Ahead, the most covetable accessories for fall and winter, according to the search engine giant. There's something for everyone on your list.This iconic over-the-knee boot in supple leather includes a stretchy back panel so you can feel comfortable and look chic.This backpack can do it all, and by all, we mean: Hold a 15" laptop or tablet, include close to a dozen different compartments, and stay dry in the rain thanks to its waterproof material. Also, have we mentioned the 5-year warranty?These are the Soldier XII Men's, one of the most popular designs from LeBron James' shoe line with Nike. It's the perfect present for your sneakerhead or basketball-loving friend. You've probably seen it all over your Instagram feed, and this one lives up to the hype. The quilted leather is *chef's kiss.*The top half of these boots are made with neoprene, which is a similar material to what scuba suits are made with, so, yeah—you'll stay warm.The equestrian-inspired boot of our dreams comes in a smoky brown that's hard to pass up. The Michael Kors Rhea Backpack comes in other colors, but the color-block denim of this one is too much of a statement to pass up.  This carry-on from Tumi is the mother of all carry-ons. It has a USB port for charging devices and a built-in a TSA lock, and it comes with a 5-year warranty. A modern twist on one of the most comfortable and cozy shoes ever. They may be for him, but you'll totally steal these.This sleek backpack comes in a ton of colors, but this holographic version is a step above the rest. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.subscribe here		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You know that outfit you're searching for in the cooler fall months? You know, the one that makes you feel polished and chic and warm and layered and perfect? Well, I have come to tell you that this outfit does actually exist, and it was worn by the incredible Pippa Middleton. Pippa was out on a walk with her son Arthur, as she often is, in a glorious burgundy wrap coat that's the perfect fall color. She paired it with skinny jeans, white top, a black crossbody by Aspinal of London, and white fashion sneakers. BOOM—perfect ideal fall outfit, right there. And yes, it is shoppable. According to Harper's Bazaar, the coat is Banana Republic and still available in gray and tan. I would love the burgundy, but the wrap coat is so in right now that the other colors are still perfect. Harper's Bazaar also makes the very good point that Meghan Markle also favors this cut of coat quite a bit, so...twinning with Pippa Middleton and the Duchess isn't too shabby, is what I'm saying. According to Daily Mail, the shoes are Jimmy Choo and actually have a subtle star print on the sole of the white sneakers, which I find to be gorgeous and a perfect twist on your classic white option. Both items are under $300, and what's even better is that Banana Republic has a 40 percent off sale going on right now, making the coat even more affordable. Here's the full look, in case you want to twin head to toe: Inspired. Teach me your ways, Pippa!For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.subscribe here		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She finished the look with a Frame Les Cube purse.In my opinion, Katie Holmes can do no fashion wrong, and she has been killing it lately. Last night, we got a glimpse at yet another stunning look: This one was a polka dot wrap dress that's the exact going-out outfit I'd love in my life right now. Holmes' stylist, Allison Bornstein, was kind enough to share the photo AND all the details (hero!!). Her makeup was Genevieve Herr, hair by DJ Quintero, and styling obviously by Bornstein. Holmes is carrying the Frame Les Cube purse, which is under $300 (incredible). Bornstein also tagged Michael Kors; the pretty polka dot wrap dress looks like it's either out of stock or not available yet, but similar styles are still available. Holmes topped off the look with minimal gold jewelry, slicked back hair and neutral makeup, letting the dress be the star of the piece. I love the "'80s but for the 21st century" feel that's going on right now, and Holmes is absolutely nailing it. Herr also shared the exact details of Holmes' makeup (again, hero!): Pestle and Mortar Cosmetics on her skin, moisturizer tint by Laura Mercier, eye color by Suqqu UK, and lip color Lancôme Drama Matte color Nude Essentiel. BRB, going to try to replicate this look right now. Here's the original photo: @katieholmes212 last night in NYC. this is my ideal party dress. who doesn’t love polka dots and shoulder pads? #makeup @genevieveherr  #hair @djquintero  #styling #allisonbornsteinA post shared by  allison bornstein (@allisonbornstein6) on Nov 21, 2019 at 2:55pm PSTAnd a close-up of the makeup, plus all the details and different angles:  Last night @katieholmes212 hair @djquintero #makeupbygenevieve_nyc on skin @pestleandmortarcosmetics Moisturizer Tint @lauramercier eyes @suqqu_uk_official lips @Lancome Drama Matte color “Nude Essentiel”A post shared by  Genevieve Herr (@genevieveherr) on Nov 21, 2019 at 7:46am PSTI looove it.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.subscribe here		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			So fitting. It's an honor and a tough job to be the face of a brand, especially if it's fronting Rihanna's Savage X Fenty line. That person needs to match the singer's confidence, sultriness, and power. Enter Normani. The singer was just announced as the brand's first-ever global brand ambassador. Normani, who has had Billboard hits like Dancing With a Stranger and Motivation, is a force to be reckon with and has already earned her badge of sexiness by walking in RiRi's fashion show last September. We have a clip of how that went down, below, just in case you missed its epic-ness. "Normani is the perfect choice for a Savage X ambassador," said Rihanna in a statement. "She exudes confidence and power. Everything she does is executed with passion and the belief she's going to kill it. That's why people gravitate towards her."Normani will star in the holiday 2019 as well as spring 2020 ads. The lingerie line currently offers sizes from 32A to 42H and XS to 3X with prices ranging from $12.50 to $105, so everyone can get their hands on something sexy.  We'll just leave this here...this is how you sell a bra. pic.twitter.com/5g0CE3SHmCFor more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's fleece season, people. Winter provides the perfect excuse to throw on jeans and a sweater every day from December through to March, especially for lazy girls like myself. That said, some days call for more than just denim—I work in fashion and even I constantly need the inspiration of celebrities and the street style crowd to pull myself out of style ruts. Especially when New York Fashion Week rolls around in February.Though the next NYFW is still months away, I'm already taking note of how to cut down on my go-to outfit combination for the colder months. To help, it's time to brush up on winter's biggest trends by looking at what your favorite street style stars are wearing. I've narrowed down the street style trends to eight digestible looks below. Give them a try, and say adios to the jean/sweater outfit (at least for six out of the seven days of the week).Parkas and puffers are great for winter, but when you really want to feel like a million bucks, nothing beats a plush faux fur coat. And you're never too late to hop on this trend. This season's offerings are better than ever (I've been on the hunt for a suitable option since last winter), with brands debuting furry coats in vibrant colors like pink and cobalt. If colorful fur isn't your cup of tea, you can easily find a brown or black outerwear alternative. The coats are so cozy, you may even find yourself draped in one while you wait for the heat to be turned on.Sandy Liang's fleeces have become must-have items for the fashion crowd, and now it feels like all of our favorite brands are offering a fleece-something for the wintery season. Options include mixed prints and color-block designs in pullover styles or the more classic zip-ups we've all come to know and love. Fleece is comfortable, soft, warm—basically everything your body craves when the temperature drops to 50-degrees Fahrenheit and below. Give your denim and leather jackets a break for a cozier fleece pick, below.Can't decide what color you want the garment to come in? The two-tone look solves that problem. Instead of having to stick with one color, you have the option to wear a half-and-half look for winter 2019. Not a fan of two-tone dresses? You can try an alternative like this two-toned Givenchy blazer. This small mash up of hues won't dramatically alter your look, but it will add a little intrigue—and earn you brownie points for style. The appeal of matching separates lies in the fact that you don't have to overthink what to wear in the mornings—one decision and you're ready to head out the door. It's no surprise, then, that pantsuits have become a staple in a fashion girl's closet, as evidenced by these street style shots. Whether you choose a check set or a plain colored pantsuit, you'll feel like an instant boss woman in the ensemble. The Roksanda set is on my wishlist as the designer reimagined a pair of tailored trousers into a more sporty track style—comfy and cool. Imagine your favorite handbag shrunken down to the size of your palm—adorable! The fervor for tiny accessories hasn't lost it steam yet, especially since Jacquemus just launched its newest  "Le Chiquiti" bag that wraps around your wrist. Micro bags are whimsical and LOL-inducing, especially when you consider how little you can put in it. Regardless, these accessories are meant to be worn on the weekends and when you're OOO. For days to you need to lug your work tote around, layer your bags—or, even better, just clip the Medea mini tote, below, onto your bigger bag's handles to keep that playful attitude going. Instead of playing it safe with a leather jacket this season, opt for a cute leather corset or pants. This material is one of fall 2019's biggest trends and will continue to dominate your wardrobe for the rest of the year. Leather bottoms, my personal favorites, provide an easy way to dress up your beige sweater or even a white t-shirt. Throw on a cardigan or blazer and you'll be ready to leave your apartment looking like a street style star.Swap your clunky snow shoes for a sleek pair of combat-meets-hiker boots. This style not only tracks well over snow and ice (thank you rugged soles!), but also looks fashionable enough to wear around the office. The days of keeping spare flats or heels under your desk is over. Street style stars, in particular, have been rocking this utilitarian boot with trousers, dresses, and jeans because as far as boots go, the style is one of the most versatile ones for your wardrobe. Wintertime hat hair is a real and annoying struggle. To fix that in a pinch, throw on a headband. What was once an iconic accessory for Blair Waldorf, headbands are having a resurgence with the fashion crowd in 2019. Fashion houses like Prada released silk satin styles in every color while Jennifer Behr offers embellished options that make your headband as fancy as a royal's tiara. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			How do I tell my boss I'm going to be...busy for the next hour? 'Tis the season for Net-a-Porter's annual sale, which is certainly an occasion worth celebrating. Right now, the retailer is offering up to 50 percent off sitewide on some of our favorite brands like AGOLDE, Khaite, and Ganni, which is making it a little hard to concentrate at work. Whether you're on the hunt for a holiday party outfit, a new pair of snow boots, or want to stock your beauty cabinet with some winter-combating moisturizers, there's no better time to do it. We know you don't have all day to shop (items are selling out quickly!), so we're sharing our favorite finds, below. $490$294Who needs a cheesy holiday sweater when you can buy this option from cool-girl brand Ganni? As we all know, you can never have too many sweaters. $560$336RIXO's sequined crepe dress will be a hit come New Year's Eve.$795$477Snakeskin booties have become the "it" shoe of the season. Stay on top of the trend with this edgy pair from Alexander Wang. $75$52.50This cute candle looks and smells good, thanks to its blend of Japanese cherry, tonka bean, and French vanilla.$98$59Made of a super-stretchy jersey, We/Me's legging are equal parts comfortable and chic. $60$42Right now you'll want to keep your skin as hydrated as possible, which means you'll need to call in some beauty reinforcements. Give your skincare routine a spa-like appeal with this hydrator from Aesop.$780$360Invest in a capsule wardrobe piece like this white blouse from Khaite. (FYI, Katie Holmes loves this brand.) Sure, this pick might elicit some sticker shock but trust us: You'll wear this blouse over and over again.$425$297.50With a shoulder strap and discreet top handle, this leather tote can easily be worn for day or night. $168$84Net-a-Porter's sale is a great opportunity to stock up on the basics, like a pair of straight-leg jeans from cult-favorite denim brand AGOLDE.$190$95I can't remember the last time I saw Sorel's ultra-popular snow boots on sale for this cheap. If you haven't bought a new pair of snow boots yet, now's the time. •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Her sweet Suetables pendants are still available for less than $200.Last week while Meghan Markle was at Windsor for an event at the Broom Farm Community Centre, she wore the most darling delicate pendants that paired perfectly with her button-down top. Now we know the IDs for both pieces, and even better—they're not expensive, and still in stock! It's an (early) holiday miracle, not to mention a present you can totally get for yourself or BFF. What's amazing is that when you look closely, it's clear that these are both tiny, subtle tributes to Prince Harry and their baby Archie Harrison. It's really sweet and something that might have gone unnoticed if the brand, Suetables, hadn't IDed both pendants for us. The Shirley pendant is $79 (bear in mind these are Canadian dollars, it's actually less than that) for the 10k gold and has a diamond cut look to be extra-extra shiny. Meghan has the Virgo pendant for that one to celebrate Harry.The Vanessa pendant is $39 for the silver and $159 for the 10k gold. Meghan's wearing the Taurus version for little baby Archie. Surprising exactly no one, the gold Taurus charm is low in stock (thank you Duchess effect) so if you want it, go now. Both pieces together cost only $238 (about $180 in American dollars) if you get the gold versions, which, considering that Meghan's accessories alone can run into the thousands, is totally a steal. Do be aware that the chains are sold separately, so if you choose to get them your cost might be a bit higher. I might have the Shirley pendant in my cart, #notsorry. Here's the official post from Suetables: The Duchess of Sussex, Meghan Markle, wearing our 'Shirley Zodiac’ to represent Prince Harry and a 'Vanessa Coin Zodiac' to celebrate baby Archie. We are thrilled she chose to keep her loved ones close to her heart by wearing @suetables ♥️ #suetables #wearcanadaproud (ph: Getty Images)A post shared by  Suetables (@suetables) on Nov 19, 2019 at 11:03am PSTAnd here's a closeup of the pendants on Meghan: Ugh, want. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.subscribe here		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			A mood.Red carpet rules like "no flats" don't apply to Kristen Stewart. She's known for taking her shoes off the red carpet, which we applaud because heel blisters suck, and she generally sticks to a more comfortable approach when dressing. Case in point: Stewart wore sneakers to the London premiere of Charlie’s Angels. The actress arrived in a strapless tartan Thom Browne look from the designer's resort 2019 collection, a black leather jacket, and Nike's classic Cortez running shoes. The dress strategically covered the shoes, so you couldn't see it unless she lifted up the hem. The star was seen changing briefly into what looked like black heels, but her fans know that Stewart was likely back in those white kicks in a hot second. There's no doubt she worked with her longtime stylist Tara Swennen on perfecting this comfortable-but-still-red-carpet-star-approved ensemble. So, the lesson here? The next time you're attending a fancy function, maybe swap those stilettos with a sneaker. Cite Kristen Stewart as your inspo if anyone gives you a hard time. After all, have you seen her in Charlie’s Angels? She kicks ass, and you will too (in sneakers).For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			SOREL's groundbreaking fashion show by the numbers. Most runway shows take place during designated fashion weeks—within the walls of hotspots in major cities worldwide. Recently, though, SOREL broke the mold—the footwear brand totally ditched fashion show norms for its New York show in early October.  Professional models, for one, were not involved. Instead, SOREL chose to cast a lineup of  real, everyday women. The show started on a typical runway stage, but quickly opened up and continued on the streets of New York's Meatpacking District.  The show was less about modeling SOREL's latest designs and more about empowering women with a simple message: The world is your runway. Check out a behind-the-scenes look at how the unique show promoting SOREL's fall line came to life.  SOREL cast a diverse group of 100 women from all over New York City to walk in the show. After hours of fittings, each woman wore outfits from Trunk Club, a personalized clothing service brand. The looks, styled by Kate Young, ranged from cool utilitarian jumpsuits to breezy shirt-dresses and casual sweater-and-denim combos.After the event, all apparel was donated to Dress for Success, a nonprofit organization that provides support and professional ensembles for low-income women as they go through the job interview process.The fashion show started like any other: a stage, a branded backdrop, bright lights, upbeat music, and a seated audience. But as each woman reached the end of the runway, she stepped off the stage, exited the venue, and continued to walk on a mapped-out, mile-long course—up and down the High Line and all around the Meatpacking District.The show began at 5:50 p.m. and for the next 90 minutes, the women stomped through the streets of New York in SOREL's fall collection. The mile-long "runway" highlighted the shoes' functionality, as the women stopped traffic, walked through rain showers, and trekked up and down the city's elevated High Line park. The show featured 115 pairs in 30 different styles of SOREL shoes, including color-block wedged Chelsea boots, high-heeled hiker styles, and puffer sneaker-style lace-ups.Hundreds of guests were invited to the mile-long show, but the numbers steadily increased as the event went on—onlookers stopped to take photos and cheer on the women as they passed. Yes, the day was about showcasing SOREL's functional yet fashionable footwear—but it was also a celebration of a group of diverse and real women. The only appropriate way to end the day, of course, was to toast to the women and their mile-long walk with 100 bottles of champagne. Now that's a celebration.  From: ELLE US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			They're back for good. We get it: Clogs have earned the reputation of being a nurse's go-to shoe or something your wild aunt Judy wears to the family reunion.  But on fall runways, designers like Salvatore Ferragamo and Lanvin gave them new life.  Slowly but surely we're starting to see clogs make the rounds at retailers and on fashion girls all around the city.  And just like that, clogs have clomped their way back into our hearts.  Snag yourself a cute pair from the 10 below.You’ll want these clogs solely for their asymmetrical heels, which create a vintage look and form the letters—"M" and "A," after the brand, of course.For the clog newbie, go with this quintessential Swedish staple. The black will prove to be the wardrobe workhorse you didn't  even know you needed. This leather mule-clog with a gold mirrored block heel will take any look to new heights. If you want color, but not too much, in your footwear, this blush pink suede pair is the ideal pick. It has a soft and gentle look that complements the wood, so it looks less clunky than your traditional black or brown option.With an 8cm wooden wedge, this square toe clog is at the top of its class. Not ready for the round-toe clogs yet? Try these open-toe versions, which can really highlight your sock game. The soles resemble the bottom of clogs without giving you that closed-toe look.These creme shearling clogs are a pure dream. They're sure to keep your feet warm while making you feel like you're walking on clouds.These vintage-inspired clogs have Salvatore Ferragamo’s stamp of approval, so that's good enough for us. Finished with polished gold hardware and studding, these clogs kick up the chicness level up a few notches. A worthy addition to your shoe arsenal, these sleek mule-clog hybrids will stand the test of time. Slide into them with a midi skirt or a side-slit jean.These classically styled clogs will keep you comfortable and stylish from day to night. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Select styles are half off! Now that the season of flip flops and sundresses is officially in the rearview mirror until April (if we're lucky), it’s time to kick our winter wardrobe into high gear. Right now, Anthropologie is offering 50 percent off a handful of tops, including cozy turtlenecks and pullovers. Admittedly, inventory is limited, but if you don't want to wear the same sweater to work three days in a row, you won’t be disappointed. The sale ends at midnight on November 20, so make sure to shop our favorite finds, below, before they sell out.$88$44If you want to stray away from the typical crew neck or cardigan, feast your eyes on this wrap style. Throw on a pair of jeans with it and you’re good to go!$68$34Whether you’re running errands, grabbing brunch, or spending a lazy Sunday with bae (read: Netflix and chill), this pullover will become your winter wardrobe hero.$119$59Found: A wearable blanket that's actually cute. I mean, look at those bell sleeves!$68$34This turtleneck from Maeve comes in several colors, and with this sale, you can buy two for the price of one!$68-$78$34-$39A Henley and tunic rolled into one style? Consider us sold. $78$39If you can't resist a fun camo print, this waffle tunic is the perfect base layer for you. $88$48Calling all cardigan lovers: This sleek pick is on sale for less than $50.$78$39Raise your hand if you think this tunic looks ridiculously comfortable. 🙋‍♀️$78$39Saturday/Sunday’s striped turtleneck is equal parts stylish and sensible, and looks great with a jean jacket, as shown here. $48$24 Anthropologie’s waffle top is truly perfect for any occasion. Yes, including bedtime. ••• For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter. SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			There are a million reasons to buy yourself jewelry: a promotion at work, a major creative accomplishment, a big dream realized, the beginning—or end—of a relationship, or simply just because. The latter, though seemingly less quantifiable on the surface, is one of the best reasons to invest in a new piece. It's a tangible reminder of everything you deserve, no matter where you are in your life. As for what jewelry to buy, you can never go wrong with an authentic natural diamond. The fact that each is unique means you can choose one that feels just right for you, and that they increase in value over time makes them an incredible investment worthy of passing down to the next generation. Below, six stunning pieces of jewelry to consider when making a purchase for that special someone: you.14k gold post earrings with 2 marquise diamonds and a single diamond drop, $3,598SHOP18K yellow gold thin diamond striped band, $2,400SHOPYellow gold and diamond ear pin, $5,880SHOPTriple coil cuff with round brilliant diamonds, $ 23,595SHOPWhite gold eternity diamond band, $1,925SHOPGold diamond hinge bracelet, $5,135SHOPFrom: Town & Country US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The brand recently hosted a unique event in New York City.  In early October, SOREL's fall collection fashion show began like any other—women marched down the runway in the brand's latest styles. When they reached the end of the catwalk, though, each woman left the building and continued strutting in their SORELs through New York City in what the footwear brand called the "Mile-Long Runway." In case you weren't along the fashion show's path that day, we have the essential details for you—plus, some behind-the-scenes photos of the unique event. Here's the five things you should know about the Mile-Long Runway: No professional models on this runway—instead, SOREL brought in a diverse group of 100 women from all over New York City to showcase the fall collection. The brand had a glam team backstage to help get everyone ready, too. And from what we can tell, these women had a lot of fun.The show began at 5:50 p.m. and for the next 90 minutes the women trekked up and down the city's elevated High Line park and through the Meatpacking District in color-block wedged Chelsea boots, high-heeled hiker styles, and puffer sneaker-style lace-ups. The mile-long runway creatively highlighted the shoes' functionality as the women climbed stairs, hit the city streets, and walked through rain showers.  SOREL partnered with Dress for Success, an organization dedicated to empowering women to thrive in work and in their lives. After the event, all 115 pairs of SOREL shoes and 100 different outfits—which were provided by Trunk Club—were donated to Dress for Success. 100 bottles, actually. The day was about showcasing Sorel's functional yet fashionable footwear—but it was also a celebration of a group of diverse and real women. The event ended with a  toast to the women and their mile-long walk with 100 bottles of champagne. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Treat yourself to an early holiday gift.In the mood for some retail therapy? Or, perhaps, a spot of holiday shopping? Lucky for you, The Outnet is having its yearly clearance sale, which means that finding the perfect presents on a budget is achievable. If you don't have time to browse through all the items on sale, don't sweat it. I've handpicked the 25 best items to buy ahead, from a cool silk wrap top to a pair of snake-effect ankle boots.Two wonderful things come together in this piece: silk and a wrap design. I recommend wearing it with flare jeans and the shoe on the next slide. These are a bestseller on The Outnet for a reason. Decked out with a  silver detailing on the heel and a pointed toe, they'll become your go-to-shoe for this season. It's the bag you never knew you needed until now. This metallic and studded shoulder bag is perfect for holding all your winter necessities.The zipper dress of your dreams now comes with ruffles! Pair it with a colorful pair of shoes and get ready to be swarmed with compliments. The world is a better place with leopard print in it. Pair with black knee-high-boots in the fall or a white sneaker when spring rolls around.Nothing feels more fall/winter than a pair of corduroy pants. Wear these with a white sweater and finish it off with a nice white boot to make the emerald green pop.A cashmere sweater to cozy into when the temperatures dip. Pair it with your favorite pair of sweats or jeans for the winter or shorts in the spring. A price so good for a boot this nice, you'll look twice! Wear with caution: People will stop you on the streets with compliments.Stand tall in this platform sandal. It'll give you that much-needed height boost in your dress without killing your arches thanks to the thick platform. The LBD has been reborn, and it now comes in black leopard print. Make it office-friendly by wearing it over a white turtleneck and tights.This one-size-fits-all trench coat will stand out among a sea of black puffers come winter. Adding to my wishlist, stat.I kind of want to run through a meadow in this boho-chic dress, but until then I'd pair it with an ankle boot for the office.This shoe is proof that forest green is the superior green. The deep tone is great for any holiday party.I have yet to meet a bell sleeve sweater I didn't like, and this is no exception. Wear over a slip dress or tucked into white jeans.A skirt? In winter? Yes. Here's an outfit idea: Rock this summer skirt right now by pairing it with a turtleneck, tights, and your favorite booties.A white sneaker is a closet essential no matter the season. This one offers a little bit of nuance with a patch of blue.A beige shoulder bag you can wear to work or on the weekends at the farmer's market. It'll go with everything in your closet, thanks to the neutral hue.The most lovely holiday top that'll give your black or navy work trousers a new life. Style with heels.As you move in these pants, the hanging pompoms on the bottom of the pants will too. Cute! The buttons and this coat are giving us major heart eyes. This light, but warm jacket, will be perfect year-round.The '90s called, and they wish they had a bleached jean like this. Style with a white t-shirt, cardigan, and a shearling bucket hat.It's like New Year's Eve in a shoe. Wear it with black pieces so the boots (and you) can really shine. It's all in the details for this skirt, so I recommend keeping it simple on top. Go with a black blouse or something printed like a classic polka dot.This statement piece is a must-have for satin lovers. Dress it up or down with bottoms of your choosing.  A pair of pants that is work appropriate thanks to the tailored fit, yet fun because of the minty green hue. •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The Duchess served as a source of inspiration.It’s likely you know French designer Roland Mouret for his signature Galaxy dress, perfectly proportioned and as attractive in the boardroom as it is out to play. That keen sense of silhouette is part of why, since its initial release 15 years ago, the dress and the brand have become beloved by A-list celebs and the new fashion-savvy generation of royals—one of which happens to be Mouret’s longtime friend, Meghan Markle. (Mouret has known Markle since before she became a Mountbatten-Windsor; the duchess even chose to wear his Barwick dress on the evening before her wedding, above.)Though he was brought up with the addictive fashion mindset of the ‘90s, when It girls and It bags and It shoes left consumers only temporarily high and perpetually over accessorized, Mouret is now sending a different message: one that promotes style instead of stuff. Markle, he says, has no problem stepping out in the same dress twice—a role model in how to buy and wear clothes today. It's with that mindset that he's crafted his spring 2020 collections, including his first bridal collection, filled with multi-faceted pieces that can be worn long after that special day. You can indeed approach a white collection in a clever way, Mouret says, and you should. “The amount of fabric used for a bridal dress that you’re only going to wear once is a waste of material and a waste of space because you have to immediately pack it away.” Instead, his collection incorporates white pieces that have a home in the day-to-day, from blazers to jumpsuits to trousers.“When you wake up and realize your creativity is destroying the planet...it’s quite a bitter feeling.”In addition to a pared-down and practical bridal collection, Mouret is defying other industry norms. “My generation of designers went from two collections to four to six collections,” Mouret explains. “When you wake up and realize your creativity is destroying the planet...it’s quite a bitter feeling. But back then, we didn’t know any other way.” His new BLUE® hanger, developed alongside Dutch company Arch & Hook, is one of Mouret's most noteworthy responses to the industry's waste.  Made from a mixture of plastic and other ocean debris, Mouret's aim is for BLUE® to replace the single-use plastic hangers utilized only during the transport of clothing from the factory to the retailer. In the coming weeks, he’ll fly to L.A. to meet with the CFDA and other industry leaders to explain the project and advocate for industry-wide change. “I know what’s in store for the future and I know what’s happening. I think we’re in an emergency, so this project makes me happy and sad at the same time,” says Mouret. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.subscribe here		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She has the best jewelry collection.In a bi-weekly series, we're interviewing female executives, founders, CEOs—basically, boss ladies—on their "power suit" a.k.a. the outfit they wear every day for easy dressing to conquer whatever the job throws at them.Anyone who has visited Etsy knows it's a mecca for unique, individual pieces in fashion, beauty, and home decor. I've been stalking the website lately for the latter. Seashell vases like this one were super popular over the summer (thanks, bloggers) and I knew Etsy was one of the few places that would carry such miscellaneous, yet trendy, items. So, how does the company know what's popular and what to serve its audiences? After all, Etsy doesn't follow the traditional fashion retail calendar with seasonal drops or runway collections. Instead, Etsy works with thousands of individual sellers to get their wares in front of your eyes. This is where the company's resident trend expert, Dayna Isom Johnson, comes in. Her job is to see what trends are bubbling up on Etsy (i.e. what people are searching for on the site) and to provide a road map for the company, sellers, and consumers on what's popular. I'll let her explain."My job is to really focus on three different things," she says. "One is combing through the site for myself to see what is bubbling up. Second, I work with our data analytics team to find out what shoppers are engaging with and what is peaking in terms of search. Third, I see what traditional forecasters like WGSN and Trend Bible are predicting. I compare all three [sources] and tidy up [all the information] to serve to you."If "trend expert" sounds like the kind of role you make up, that's because it is. Johnson, who's been with Etsy for eight years, founded the unique position on her own. During a stint as Etsy's communications manager, in Etsy's start-up days, Johnson saw that Etsy shoppers and sellers were discovering the trends before they even reached the masses. "Our Etsy sellers, their creative expression has no limits," she says. She realized there was an opportunity for the company to set the trends and speak on them authoritatively with data. "We had an opportunity one day to tell this narrative on Good Morning America, it was a segment on weddings, and at the time we hadn't had any television appearances," says Johnson. "The person I was training [for the show] fell through. The next day I went on GMA to chat about wedding trends and everything started to blossom from there." Johnson has become Etsy's go-to person for all things trendy—and she's perfected her television persona too. In addition to morning show appearances and popping up on Etsy's YouTube channel, Johnson also stars in NBC's Making It, alongside of Amy Poehler and Nick Offerman. "One of my favorite things about my job is that no day is the same," she says. "The one huge constant, however, is connecting with our sellers and trying to bring attention to [what that community is doing]." For someone in such a creative space, you can bet Johnson's personal style is as diverse and colorful as the sellers she works with. In fact, her entire wardrobe is pretty much from Etsy and, if you want to replicate it, she has the insider tips on who to shop from. Check out what she wears to work, below, then channel her can-do attitude at the office tomorrow."Even though my days are so varied, my mornings are always consistent. I'll wake up and work out at 5 a.m. or 5:30 a.m. I'll come back, meditate for at least five minutes or, if I have extra time, I'll do 10 to 15 minutes with Insight Timer. I take a shower, feed my dog, take him for a walk, and then when I get back, I figure out what I'm going to wear. Before I leave the house, I always pick up a crystal to help me manifest my day. Then, I draw one tarot card to give me motivation for the day." "I've never been the kind of person that sets things up the night before. As you can tell from my crystals and tarot cards, I am an energy-based person. I want to dress based on how I feel that day or how I want to make myself feel. I don't have a special closet trick or a way to separate my clothes either.""I love a jumpsuit because it's easy and you immediately feel put together. I have one jumpsuit that I love from Etsy and it's linen, which is good in warmer weather. It's breathable and a great color. I have another short jumpsuit with three-quarter sleeves from another Etsy seller, who is actually making a suit for me, too. Where I tend to spend most of my efforts in dressing, though, is my jewelry. I don't discriminate against silver or rose gold pieces, but I love yellow gold. I literally have a piece of jewelry on every part of my body right now. I have on earrings, rings, two bracelets, and two layered necklaces. Another thing I always have on is my raw garnet necklace—garnet is my birthstone—it keeps me grounded and gives me bosslady vibes that I need for my Capricorn self. There's this designer I found in Los Angeles, Margaux Perrier, who I love. For the past year, I've had on two friendship bracelets as well. I went to Thailand in January and these bracelets were blessed by monks and are supposed to give me luck, prosperity, and good thoughts for the new year. They told me to keep them on for 365 days, so on the last day I will cut them off, but they have not left my wrists since Thailand. As for shoes, it depends. If I wake up and feel a little sassy, I will wear a heel. I'm only 5'2", so I like to give myself some height. I will wear flats since they're comfy, though they have to be interesting looking.""Bold, authentic, and playful.""Stay positive. I feel like I try to live by those words every day and it’s something that people take for granted. It can also be a challenge, especially when you're up against tight deadlines and different working environments, but as long as you stay positive you can push through everything."For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Welcome to boot camp. The beauty of boots, one of fall/winter's most comfortable accessories, is that you can give yours a personal spin thanks to suede finishes, chunky block heels, faux animal embossing, and a slew of other elements.  The options are endless.  And while seasons change, certain brands have for years stitched together timeless versions that will last decades, offering the best bang for your buck.  Welcome to boot camp, people, lets get shopping.  Established in 2017, Elza Wandler's namesake brand is mostly known for bags, but their boots are truly a hidden gem. With the best two-tone boot in the game, Wandler is winning.Our Pick: Wandler bente ankle boot, $645 (pictured)Son of shoe icon Sergio Rossi, Gianvito Rossi debuted his brand at Milan Fashion week in 2006 and hasn't slowed down since. With flagships across the world, women are going crazy for his chic, perfectly crafted boots.Our Pick: Gianvito Rossi manor 85 boot, $1,895 (pictured)This brand was created in Berlin but all manufacturing is done out of Italy—and yet, it retains a good price point. Clean lines, streamlined design and luxe materials make these boots a must-have.Our Pick: Ayede ivy leather ankle boots, $390 (pictured)This season's wild card. Whether Balenciaga is offering a silhouette intensely pointed or super square, it's never a subtle moment—the statement Demna Gvasalia is trying to make is always clear—and we want it!Our Pick: Balenciaga BB denim ankle booties, $1,350 (pictured)Sorel is your go-to winter boot.  Synonymous with weather proofing, winter tackling and comfort, Sorel marries functionality with fashion. These really are the unstoppable boot.Our Pick: Sorel ainsley conquest cozy boot, $180 (pictured)This Italian shoe brand was launched by two sisters in 2015. They make quality boots meant for the long haul but at a price that isn't unbelievably unattainable. Beloved by celebs and influencers alike, they've made quite a splash in a small window of time. Our Pick: Paris Texas knee high boot, $795 (pictured)The sister brand of Alexandre Birman is just as chic as its sibling. Shoes are expertly made and at a fantastic price point. Everyone can have a touch of Birman's influence in their wardrobe.  Our Pick: Schutz dira pointed toe bootie, $195 (pictured)Founded in 2016 by Catherine Holstein, this New York-based brand has made quite the splash and was one of the most coveted shows of NYFW.  Her boots are to die for—beautifully sculpted with a square-toe that is just the right proportion, saving us all from some ridiculous duck feet. Our Pick: Khaite suede knee-high, $1,480 (pictured)In love with the square toe trend but looking for a pair at a contemporary price? Dear Frances is your best bet. Each pair is hand made in Italy and goes through many different artisans before the shoe hits the market.  They're made with the finest Italian leathers and will definitely stand the test of time.Our Pick: Dear Frances cube boot, $550 (pictured)For almost twenty years, CFDA winner Edmundo Castillo has established himself as an icon in the shoe game. As the recently appointed Creative Director of Stuart Weitzman, he has managed to mix his vision in with the brands already distinct DNA. A dynamic match.Our Pick: Stuart Weitzman the millie boot, $850 (pictured)Arguably the most sought after boot of F/W '19, Hedi Slimane's well respected name speaks for itself. This is a boot to invest in—not just because you need it (which you do), but because you deserve it.   Our Pick: Celine claude boot, $1,950 (pictured)•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.subscribe here		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Katie Holmes is in Australia for McHappy Day, and she got a chance to visit with families at the Ronald McDonald House Westmead. And she wore the prettiest petal-pink suit while she was there, with a pink tee underneath. Holmes tagged stylist Allison Bornstein and Australian designer Zimmerman. The suit is Zimmerman's Super Eight Jacket and Wide Leg Trouser. It's actually quite thoughtful on her end. Since she's in Australia at a public event, she's wearing an Australian designer. Except for her black pointed-toe pumps, she was basically in head-to-toe pink, and it's lovely. It's springtime in Australia, so that makes her choice even more appropriate. Unlike the brand's edit, she decided to put something underneath the blazer to make it a little more modest. Considering she's at an event with kids, that makes sense to me. Instead of white pumps, she went with a darker shoe. Normally I might have just said embrace something light, but looking at her top-to-bottom I actually think it's fine since she has dark hair. Plus, as you'll see below, she tied the color in with a darker bag that she took off when she got to the event. Honestly, Holmes cannot lose at this point—everything she's worn this year becomes an instant fashion classic.Here's a look at the full outfit: And here's Zimmerman's edit of the lewk, courtesy of Marie Claire Australia:  Editorial: The Super Eight Jacket and Wide Leg Trouser feature in the current issue of @marieclaireau. Styled by @chloebuttenshaw, photo by @tanecoffin #SUPEREIGHT #ZimResort20 #zimmermannA post shared by  ZIMMERMANN (@zimmermann) on Nov 10, 2019 at 10:39pm PSTHolmes also shared a photo of herself accessorizing with a fab leopard bag, which ties in with the shoes and offers a nice bit of visual contrast to the femininity of the rest of the outfit:  McHappy Day 2019 is tomorrow, Saturday, November 16! I’m excited to be here in Australia to help raise vital funds for Ronald McDonald House Charities #RMHCAustralia! We’re hoping to raise more funds than ever before for families in their time of need. #McHappyDay.A post shared by  Katie Holmes (@katieholmes212) on Nov 14, 2019 at 2:49pm PSTI looove it.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.subscribe here		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Used to be TWA was "the airline of the stars" and passengers flew in high-style. Well, we're ditching our leggings and bringing our best fashion selves back to the airport this holiday season. Somewhere between the normalization of wearing yoga pants in public and the inevitable drama of delays and cancellations, flying lost its glamour. But feeling comfy for your redeye and looking chic aren't mutually exclusive. This is our guide to bringing sophistication back to that other runway.With the same ease of its coat counterpart (a wardrobe staple), trench detailing is a no-brainer for minimal travel wardrobing. Shout out to the belted trench blouse that is buttoned-up enough for the conference but with a cinched waist that looks sexy tucked into high waisted jeans for drinks at the hotel bar.Ditch the itchy airline-issue blanket and double up on comfortable and style by wrapping yourself in this travel essential that is as effortlessly put-together as it is warm. What is better than being chic and comfortable? Nothing. Courtesy Let’s put it this way: One could be, upon arrival, changing out of sweats in an airport bathroom...or stepping off the plane and heading straight to lunch alfresco. A lightweight printed midi offers comfort, coverage (for freezing flights), and style with very little effort. Pair with color-blocked retro sneakers and to maintain your cool rushing to any connections. Courtesy As long as it’s mandatory to remove your shoes at security, it’s mandatory to wear decent socks. Experiment with argyle, stripes, or wooly textured types and slip on a loafer, the most comfortable and versatile of all travel shoes. With a skirt, jeans, or cropped trousers, this duo adds instant style to any travel scenario.Courtesy Courtesy The kiss of death for any travel tote is an unacceptable ratio of space to organization. Many a seatmate has watched me empty the entire contents of my travel tote onto my lap in order to find my hand sanitizer. Then I discovered this Chanel knapsack. Big enough for a travel blanket, metal water bottle, and a magazine, the main chamber holds all that over-sized (or awkwardly-sized) stuff, while the outside compartments individually hold a wallet, phone, passport and boarding pass, hand cream, and ear buds. Reclaim those 15 minutes of scrambling for lip balm and tack them onto a nap!Visit Chanel.com for stores A short trip requires a very precise wardrobe edit, and that likely doesn't includes multiple accessory options. Our vote is for these graphic tan-and-white bags that are neutral but also interesting enough to pull together a sweater and jeans and can pop against a printed dress. One and done!Courtesy Courtesy A version of this story appears in the November 2019 issue of Marie Claire.subscribe hereHair: Walton Nunez for R+CO / Makeup: Campbell Ritchie at Art Department for Chantecaille / Models: Jia Tong at Muse and Julia Cordova at Muse / Special thanks to TWA Hotel		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Katie Holmes has landed in Sydney, Australia, as ambassador for McHappy Day (going on this Saturday, to raise funds for Ronald McDonald House Charities), wearing what can only be described as a Western-themed airplane outfit that looks both comfy and put-together (as all airplane outfits should be). I usually wouldn't go for something so...themed, but I kinda want to see if I can pull this off? The jacket is the Khaite Jimmy Fringed Suede Western Shirt and, obviously, can totally be worn as a jacket. Though I'd love to see someone just go fully out there and where it buttoned up as a shirt—someone, seriously, do this for me. Khaite is one of Holmes' beloved brands, so it makes sense that if she's going to play around with her look that she'd do in it a brand she loves. Plus, she can totally wear it year-round—can you imagine how cool this would be in the spring?  The star matched her tan bag to the jacket, and polished off the look with light blue straight-leg jeans (very in for fall), black heeled mules, a white top, and neutral gold jewelry. AND she went makeup-free, it looks like, and is rocking that healthy glow I've been wanting my whole life. Here's the full look: Am I about to be convinced into getting a fringe jacket? Am I??For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.subscribe here		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Whether you're working through your holiday shopping list or splurging on yourself,  Nordstrom's fall sale has something for everyone. So far, we clocked a pair of rain-ready Hunter boots at forty percent off, a peacoat with over 2,000 glowing reviews, and Dior sunglasses worthy of 2001-era Paris Hilton. Click through for our edit of the best the Nordstrom sale has to offer, ahead.From: ELLE US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Let me count the reasons I love thee.In our biweekly series, editors share "the item they wear to death," whether it be a basic white tee or a super-trendy jumpsuit. Prepare yourself (and your credit card) for some guilt-free shopping.I did not grow up a tights-wearer. In fact, I have very vivid memories of my mom making me wear white tights for the holidays and being miserable when the crotch would invariably end up around my knees. (Try as I might, they never stayed up.) Also, my torso is longer than my legs and that was never more noticeable than during this forced holiday tights-wearing. I was obviously matching with my sister too. We aren’t twins, but we matched...a lot. Anyway, I digress. I spent most of my teen years avoiding tights at all costs (knee high socks were good enough for those days that dipped below L.A.'s usual 74 degrees) and then for some insane reason I chose to leave the warmth of Southern California and head to the East Coast. And it was in NYC that I discovered a love for tights. And turtlenecks. And rain boots. And scarves. And all the other things I grew up seeing in window displays at the mall but never actually using since there was a major drought during my childhood and the weather was pretty fabulous. With the grooms 💙💙 #JCWedding #101616A post shared by  Krystyna Chávez (@klchavez27) on Oct 16, 2016 at 11:21am PDTAs I discovered my newfound love of tights, I also discovered that I tend to ruin tights on Wear One. Wear Two if I was lucky. So I bought cheap tights because I knew they would be in the trash almost immediately. I tried purchasing nicer tights in hopes that they wouldn't snag as easily, but had the same issue. DKNY, Betsey Johnson, Spanx, Hue. You name a brand, I tried it...and ruined them immediately.And then I went to a Fashion Week event in 2014 and my life was changed forever. I walked past a Hanes booth at Lincoln Center where they were giving out tights. Since I am a tights ruiner I figured, amazing, free tights. The woman working the event tried to explain to me how great they were and why, but I was honestly in such a rush that I took a pair, threw them in my bag, and didn’t look at them until after Fashion Week wrapped. As soon as I opened these tights up, I realized they were magical. You see, these tights include a built-in sock. Why is this important? Because you can wear tights with boots and not ruin the heel on Wear One. Also, feet sweat in tights and this sock is thick enough to prevent your boots from smelling like a small animal died in them. Additionally, these tights are thick. So thick that they truly keep you warm in the dead of winter. They also have a bit of a control top—it’s like you’re wearing shapewear, but you’re not and it’s marvelous. Also, did I mention that I still own them? Yup, that pair in the photo above is the exact same pair I got five years ago. No rips, snags, or holes. Like I said...magical.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.subscribe here		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			A match made in sunglasses heaven!With their second collection of sunglasses with Quay Australia, which drops today, November 13, Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez remind us why they're one of the most stylish (and hottest) couples around. The follow-up to the couple's successful March collection "definitely has a little more elegant holiday vibe to it," says Lopez. "The first collection was super colorful, bold, and fun, and I think this one is a little more everyday, with festive gold touches and warm, classic colors." The QUAY x AROD part of the collection will feature six new styles, which range from polarized round wireframes that look good on anyone to square-framed polarized glasses that can be an everyday staple. (Christmas gift for him, anyone?)"Alex and I really wanted to make sure our style was captured here—be classic, but also sexy and glamorous," explains Lopez. "We just wanted to have a strong sense of our self-expression and of who we really are."Lopez is a longtime fan of Quay, even introducing the line to Rodriguez; a love of fashion is something the two have always had in common. "It's always a fun challenge to try to encapsulate your style and self-expression in a collection, whether that be clothes, sunglasses, or perfume," says Lopez. New styles from the QUAY x JLO collection include the Lustworthy, a cat-eye frame with blue-light protection lenses that blocks out potentially harmful light from screens and help prevent symptoms like headaches or blurry vision. And if you're looking for something that'll really make a splash, check out Limelight and feel like a million bucks in the oversized, rounded cat-eye frame that comes in black, tortoise, and a milky tortoise.  "Sunglasses have been such a staple in my wardrobe for so long, no matter what I'm wearing," J.Lo says. "I tried to bring that to this collection—a pair for every occasion. I wanted to create something for everybody." Thanks for thinking of us, J.Lo! If you need us, we'll be over here obsessing over these photos from the pair's campaign shoot. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Shopping online can mean wading through endless Google Shopping results, or scrolling through old-faithfuls like ASOS and Zara without knowing where else to turn. To help you fulfill all your shopping wants (needs?), we've created the definitive list of the best online shopping destinations to visit right now—from fashion and beauty to lifestyle and home decor.SHOPIf you're looking for a unique gift, Uncommon Goods is the place to be...and that's all you really need to know. SHOPOriginally a site that only sold shoes, Zappos has become a popular online destination for clothing, handbags, accessories, and more. SHOPIf you feel like doing something nice without leaving your couch, head on over to Bouqs Co. and pick out a beautiful personalized flower bouquet for your mom/sister/friend/aunt/grandma (the list goes on!). Shipping is available nationwide. SHOP Some of the highest quality sheets, towels, robes, and rugs come from Parachute's site. Did we mention it's also the home of an incredibly soft waffle robe? SHOPBecome a wine connoisseur after perusing through Winc's website, then gift yourself a monthly wine box subscription for nailing the name of that red. It's a win-win. SHOPMissoma, one of Meghan Markle's favorite jewelry brands, has gorgeous necklaces, bracelets, rings, and earrings every minimalist will appreciate if they're in the market for some new accessories. SHOP The only question is what can't you buy on Amazon? The online retail giant has everything a human can possibly need from kitchen items to those Airpods you keep making fun of your friends for owning. SHOPIt's bag central at Baggu—the ultimate destination for any type of bag you could want (fanny packs, totes, backpacks, and even reusable ones). They're super affordable too. SHOPThink of Lulu and Georgia as the more playful version of West Elm with a focus on home decor for the style-obsessed. Its bestsellers section is everything. SHOPYou know it, but how often do you really use it? Anything you could possibly want from clothing to sporting goods comes directly from people like you and me that are buying and selling on the site. SHOPConsidered the ultimate online shopping destination, Net-a-Porter never fails to deliver. With a unique watch-as-they-buy feature that allows you to see items being bought in real time and a wedding section that offers anything and everything bridal, the website has also branched out to include beauty, adding model Miranda Kerr's beauty line Kora Organics to its well-rounded beauty section.SHOPGiving sites like Moda Operandi and Net-a-Porter a run for their money, MatchesFashion.com is one of the newer luxury vendors hopping on the online venue. Shop the latest and greatest from brands like Dolce & Gabbana or Gucci through its user-friendly site and even request on-demand customer service from its 24/7 shopping aide MyStylist.SHOPUK-based shopping mecca The Outnet was launched by the Net-a-Porter group in 2009 to showcase the works of up-and-coming designers as well as major runway designers. With over 250 brands to shop from, the biggest draw is the sale prices on designer goodies  (often at least 40 percent off) that inspire buying sprees on hot ticket items. SHOPNo matter if you're on the hunt for casual daywear or formal frocks, Shopbop curates mod designs ranging from bohemian Free People to glam J.Mendel. And, like a fashion magazine, you'll find trend-report-like boutiques on the site for pieces that have an editor-approved flair. With Shopbop loaded on your browser, your days of being closet clueless are over.SHOPLuxury bedding company Brooklinen should be on your radar for three reasons: 1) Its sheets, towels, and blankets are made out of some of the comfiest material on the market 2) Its affordable without sacrificing quality and 3) The co-founders Rich and Vicki are the sweetest people you will ever meet. SHOPWhen you need an outfit for literally any occasion, ASOS is the first site you should be looking at. The fashion retailer is aiming for more inclusivity with its ASOS x GLAAD collection that also includes plus-size options. SHOPIf you're a bride or bridesmaid, dreamy wedding dress company BHLDN—under the same umbrella as Free People, Urban Outfitters, and Anthropologie—has an endless amount of bohemian and classic styles to choose from. SHOPNeed a bar stool? A TV? A mirror? New sheets? Wayfair is practically a Target on steroids. SHOPNot only does this beautifully constructed website offer designer buys for men and women, it provides beautiful fashion editorials and a beauty section. Plus, the extra large images make this a haven for Pinterest and Tumblr lovers.SHOPGenuine People is the indie version of Zara, which is the only reason you should need to start perusing through the site. There's also plenty of under $30 buys you'll want to snag throughout the year. SHOPCuyana's known for its minimal, high-quality clothing, bags, and accessories. The site's highly underrated and a great option if you're looking for one brand rather than heading to a major retailer with an overwhelming amount of styles to choose from. SHOPWhen the tiniest of wonders feel impossible to find, 99 percent of the time Etsy will have it—which makes the website the perfect destination for everything from vintage finds to home decor to personalized jewelry, clothes, and shoes. SHOPCozy cashmeres? ✓ Comfy knits? ✓ Your new work uniform? ✓ Everlane takes an ethically sourced approach to give you high-quality apparel every minimalist will dream of. SHOPOnce a brand you would only shop at in the early 2000s, Adidas  has made a major comeback with the re-introduction of its original 1972 Stan Smith sneakers and every cool piece of athleisure you could want. SHOPIn the digital age, we want to feel like our online shopping selection is as comprehensive as a full boutique—without actually having to, you know, go there. That's where Orchard Mile got its inspiration: It strives to offer an in-store experience by offering full collections from designers like Oscar de la Renta and Alexander Wang. SHOPThe bohemian clothing line will have you shopping for next season's outfit months in advance, simply because you can't get enough of what's trending in their shop. As the sister brand of Anthropologie and Urban Outfitters, Free People hosts a mixture of exclusive FP products as well as global brands. Did we mention it also has a beauty and wellness shop? SHOPWith design envy practically at your fingertips, West Elm is the ultimate destination for your home decor needs—fit for a variety of tastes with the chicest nightstands, rugs, wall art, and more. SHOPIf West Elm had a sister, she would be CB2—the modern furniture and home decor company known for its chic collections and collaborations. SHOPNordstrom has all the clothes, shoes, accessories, and beauty products you could possibly want—both designer and non. Fair warning: you'll likely find yourself cheating on your four-month shopping diet once you land on the site. SHOPThe designer has transformed her clothing line into a global brand of handbags, apparel, jewelry, and accessories while raising awareness for women's rights and equality with shirts that say "Girl Power" and "Feminism." 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The co-creators of #DecodeExperiential lean in to a simple, chic look.  About two and a half years ago, Daphné Jouanneteau and Jess Conatser met through the companies they run, Lightbox and As We Are. Now, in addition to working for those businesses, the women have have combined forces to co-create #DecodeExperiential, a digital art and technology-focused series that brings together leaders in new media art and experiential marketing.  Whether they're hosting an artist meet-up for #DecodeExperiential or meeting with clients for their respective businesses, Daphné and Jess both value the importance of presentation and the impact fashion can have on a career. As it turns out, the two creatives have a pretty similar idea of what that means: "Jess and I have definitely showed up at meetings wearing the exact same outfit from head to toe," Daphné says. The formula? Simple, chic, and comfortable. Finding a balance of comfort and fashion is particularly important when it comes to shoes—both women gravitate toward styles that are versatile and will hold up well after trekking the streets of New York City. Two styles from SOREL's  Joan Wedge collection passed the test: the SOREL Joan of Arctic Wedge II Buckle Boot and Joan of Arctic Wedge II Zip Boot. The boots, when paired with a sharp blazer or midi skirt, create an outfit that these two bosses can wear with confidence throughout their work day. Check out their style tips for three looks—and while you're at it, take notes.|1|Daphné is the CEO of Lightbox—an experiential event space—that she joined at age 19 after moving to New York from France, where she was born and raised. "I've always kind of held on to my style as a way to kind of evoke confidence," she says. "Even if I'm the youngest person in the room, I think it really helped give me that confidence." One of her go-to moves is to dress up a simple look with a piece that makes more of a statement, like this trench coat—you can't not feel like a boss in that. For Jess, a polished blazer is the perfect addition to a simple outfit when heading into a pitch meeting for her creative concept studio, As We Are. "It gives me the look and feel to really feel grounded in that space and say what I need to say to really get people to believe in what it is I'm pitching them," she says. The SOREL Joan Wedge Buckle are a choice she doesn't have to think too much about—"I can throw them on with anything," she says, which means getting out the door and confidently heading toward a pitch meeting sooner. Daphné: Sorel boots, sorel.com; Sezane trenchcoat, sezane.com; Jungmaven t-shirt, jungmaven.com; Agolde jeans, agolde.com; Poms sunglasses, pomspoms.com; Officina Del Poggio bag, officinadelpoggio.com Jess: Sorel boots, sorel.com; Serrano blazer, serranostore.com; & Other Stories jeans, stories.com; Carolina Santo Domingo bag, carolinasantodomingo.com; Enki sunglasses, enkieyewear.com|2| Stylewise, both women aim to strike a balance of sophistication and simplicity. This requires having pieces that can be dressed up or down, depending on the outfit and events of the day. Take the SOREL Wedge Zip boots that Daphné wears, for example. "I like to go back and forth between formal-ish and casual depending on how I feel," she says. "I always know that no matter what, I would have a shoe like this around that is going to be great to pair with anything and can always tie a look together." The jacket over her shoulders gives the dress more of a relaxed look, as well, making it an outfit she'd be comfortable wearing in her day-to-day at Lightbox. Jess likes to focus on efficiency when it comes to her work wardrobe. "I want something that can take me from morning meetings or brainstorming sessions to evenings like after-work drinks or gallery events," she says. "I need it to be casual, but also smart and buttoned up." The sweater and skirt combo paired with the boots is a great day-to-night outfit that is comfortable enough to move around the city in.  Daphné: Sorel boots, sorel.com;  & Other Stories dress, stories.com; Lioness blazer, lionessfashion.com; Machete earrings, shopmachete.comJess: Sorel boots, sorel.com; Iro sweater, iroparis.com;  Ayr skirt, ayr.com; Machete earrings, shopmachete.com |3|Daphné and Jess' personal style continues to play an integral role in the big moves they've made in their careers individually and together with #DecodeExperiential. One of their shared pivotal moments was having the opportunity to take over the One Times Square Building in Times Square.For nearly a month, the building gave #DecodeExperiential space to display more than 25 pieces of digital art while its LED screens were being rebuilt. During that time period, having a polished look for the important pitches the women were giving was essential, but also making sure that they felt empowered in what they were wearing. "I think doing something like that and hosting these artists to see the actual work on these massive screens in the epicenter of the world was kind of huge for all of us," Jess says. "Being able to dress the part and wear something comfortable shoe-wise, but also chic allowed me to be in one of the busiest places in the world and feel comfortable and confident." Daphné: Sorel boots, sorel.com;  Sezane coat and blouse, sezane.com; Agolde jeans, agolde.com; Young Frankk necklace, youngfrankk.com; Maslo earrings, maslowjewelry.com; Emm Kuo bag, ekrdesigns.comJess: Sorel boots, sorel.com;  Baum Und Pferdgarten top, baumundpferdgarten.com; Iro pants, iroparis.com; Coco Sands belt, shopcocosands.com		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Step away from the duck boots.The only term more shudder-inducing to fashion lovers than "crocs" is "snow boot," which is why you see so many stylish women battling winter weather in unlined rain boots. Great news, though: There are plenty of boots that can withstand a blizzard that aren't completely ugly. Ahead, we've rounded up several fashionable and weatherproof options to help you survive this winter in style. These durable Sorel snow boots with a faux shearling cuff are an A-plus option for those nasty blizzards that appear in the middle of the work day. When you don't want to fully commit to the tall boot, Sergio Rossi's rubber lace up booties go perfectly with a chunky sweater and a pair of skinny jeans. They don't look too bad on the 'gram either. Not what you were picturing when they said snow boots, huh? Yes, these waterproof thigh-high boots are absolutely made for rain and snow, meaning you can wear them straight into the office. Unlined rain boots aren't necessarily bad for the winter, but you have to make sure you have a thick pair of socks to go with them. That said, for a shoe you can wear year-round, Everlane's cult-favorite rain boots are the way to go. They're available in black, green, stone, toffee, and pink. These chelsea rain boots (that don't actually look like rain boots) are 30-degrees-and-below-approved. They double as snow boots, and I can confirm the incredibly plush liner will make them the warmest shoes you’ll ever own.The kind of shoes you won't be able to stop touching because they're so damn soft. The pumice stone is a refreshing color choice from the black and brown boots we're typically used to, but if you're a creature of habit they're also available in those shades.The North Face's lightweight ankle boots are perfect for those of us who don't like to attract too much attention to our feet—especially while wearing a statement coat.The shearling on the inside (warmth) and suede on the outside (style) makes these the ideal pair of snow boots you'll wish you could keep wearing come July.If you love the durability of your Timberlands but the style...not so much...go for this new look that has a slimmer silhouette and a comfortable footbed. Live out your Alaskan ski trip dreams in these cozy shearling-lined boots that come with two sets of laces: one red and one cream.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			From a beanie to a fedora. Hats don't get nearly enough love compared to shoes or handbags. Perhaps because they're misunderstood? So we're here to explain the difference between a fedora and a panama hat, and why we're #TeamBucketHats. Like the perfect pair of earrings or that statement bag that ties a look together, the right hat can offer that same finished feeling. The next time your ensemble is looking a little blah, spice it up with one of the six hat style options ahead.The name draws itself from the fabric cap originally worn by baseball players, but now you'll find street style stars rocking the style on their days off. An adjustable strap at the back plus a curved brim that sticks out are this hat's defining features. A black-and-white houndstooth print livens up this baseball cap, taking it from game day attire to an everyday accessory. Wear when your outfit is missing that something-something. Hat fanatics take their collection very seriously, so it won't be complete without this luxurious safety pin style from Versace. The accessory features an adjustable flip-clasp fastening of Medusa at the back while the pin can be detached for a simpler look. A reversible fleece baseball cap guaranteed to keep your head warm as you watch the game. When your outfit needs a little color, flip to the yellow side. Want to play it cool? Stick to the tonal black. A knit cap of variable slouchiness that be worn a few ways, including but not limited to, high on the back of the head, down over the ears with the brim turned up, or all the way down in an effort to brave the cold (the most functional of hats!). They're even office appropriate.A fancy beanie for a fancy person. This Fendi accessory has an all-over logo print no one can miss in the crowd.Practical and warm, this 100 percent wool beanie does the job without attracting too much attention to your head. It'll be your everyday winter piece thanks to the versatile gray coloring.A mustard-colored knit wool beanie that'll suit everyone, from the outdoorsy gal to the one who sits by the fireplace making s'mores. A good option to have to break up your black and gray hats.No longer reserved for caricatures of French people, this jaunty chapeau has made its way into the popular fashion lexicon, thanks to brands like Gucci and Dior. If only there were a universally known measurement at which you could angle a beret to take it from "poseur" to "rakish." Checking Instagram for inspo.Berets can be sophisticated and feel a bit stuffy, but not this one. Adorned with cat ears for a playful approach, this Maison Michel option is just the thing to make your outfits stand out.Sparkle and shine in this Saint Laurent crystal beret that catches the light at every turn. It's just the right piece to top off a black minidress with tights or a t-shirt and jeans.This soft cashmere beret is meant for wearing now as you hold that pumpkin-spice latte and admire the fall foliage. A transitional accessory that's just as easy to style as a scarf. After bucket hats went down Dior's fall/winter 2019 runway, the '90s accessory came back strong and the fervor hasn't died down since. The style has been made from every material from shearing to PVC and is the perfect little topper for winter or summer.Your vacation starter pack: this lime-green bucket hat, a white sun dress, cat-eye sunglasses, and sandals. Pull this over your face to shield yourself in the hot afternoon sun as you tan.Cords are in this season, whether it be pants or a jacket. A corduroy bucket hat might just be what you need to ease yourself into this trend.Made in Italy, this leather bucket hat offers a cool alternative to your wool beanie for the season. Style with a trench coat or furry coat.Panama hats and fedoras might look the same at first glance, but the difference is in the material. A fedora is always made of felt while panama hats are made from lightweight woven materials like the leaves of a jipijapa plant (if it's legit). Fedoras work with every outfit, so you have nothing to lose. Make your fall ensembles slightly dressier with a dark-hued wool fedora. This style also comes in beige if you're looking for a lighter color to go with your white sweater. For days where you want to challenge yourself style wise, dress up your look with this feathery fedora. It's definitely your "look at me hat," so own it. A classic fedora if there ever was one. Pair with a trench coat and brown liquor, of course. A traditional sun hat, like the name insinuates, protects and shields your face and head from the heat. The accessory can be made from any material, like leaves or nylon that's both breathable and moisture-wicking, while the brim width can be from two to four inches wide. Technically speaking, you can use any hat as your "sun" hat though but with so many cute options available, invest in a proper protective head gear.Sun hats can be stylish and functional too as this Eugenia Kim piece proves. Wear with denim cutoffs or a floral maxi dress. You like your sun hat on the smaller side, so opt for this straw Panama style. Pull a Meghan Markle and wear yours with a white button-up and jeans.A pair of pretty detachable straps keeps your hat from flying away at the beach or park. This one looks especially sweet when paired with a ruffle jumpsuit or dress.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.subscribe here		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Katie Holmes continues her fashion streak—earlier this week, she stepped out wearing the most fabulous Chanel outfit, including a classic-with-a-twist Chanel crossbody. Yesterday she was photographed leaving her apartment in light skinny jeans, a white oversized double-breasted blazer, with a simple black body and matching black heels to round out the neutral look, and lo and behold—she loves the bag so much she rewore it today, too! The latest version of Chanel 19 Flap Bag also comes in tan, mint, and tweed green, with gold-tone, silver-tone & ruthenium-finish metal on the strap. Holmes opted for the classic black Chanel look that looks like it has room for wallet, keys, bag, and lipstick (the bag also comes in a large and maxi size, if you, like me, need your bag for all the things).Holmes' latest street style is also quite similar to one she effortlessly pulled off last week, with light denim and a black double-breasted blazer over a cardigan. She is nailing that perfect fall vibe that keeps you warm, allows for layering in case you happen to walk into a building with heating, and makes you feel like a boss.Here's the full look, in case you want to replicate: And the same bag from her head-to-toe Chanel outfit this week. Chef's kiss, for real.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			No nip slips here.I'm going to say it: Strapless bras are annoying. For a long time, I owned just one because the journey to find a second bra, one that won't leave bruises (true story—a certain bra was excessively tight despite being my usual 32A) or slide off when I jump up and down (a test I came up with on my own), seemed too hard a task. But, I could only sustain myself on one strapless bra for so long before it, too, gave up on me. With this in mind, I decided the only way to find a worthy new strapless bra was to test out a variety of popular styles. But how selfish would it be to search only for the best bra for myself? Instead, I called in reinforcements.To ensure a (somewhat) representative sample, I invited women with different boob shapes and sizes, ranging from an A to a DD, to test out a few bras for us. (Editor's note: We struggled to find bra options for our testers that came in all sizes, especially for larger chests; this is a problem the industry, as a whole, is trying to address.) Every woman tried on at least six different bra brands and did the lift, wiggle, and adjustment test for each design. Ultimately, three bras were crowned the favorites—LIVELY, Calvin Klein, and ThirdLove—based on factors including style and fit. Even better was the fact that in each case, two women with different bra sizes ended up liking the same style, proving its wearability. Instead of blindly shopping for your next strapless bra—as I would have done in the past—start with the three options, below. I'm confident you'll find a winner.This strapless underwire bra sits on your skin without sliding down—and without leaving annoying band marks. It comes in several shades, like umber and warm oak, to match a range of skin tones and looks great styled under a sweater or white T-shirt."It's hard to find a strapless bra that is both comfy and gives my breasts a certain lift, but this one did both. The bra doesn't have an underwire, but still stays in place and is very soft." —Eileen"I have trouble finding a bra that stays up because of my small chest. This one stayed put. It doesn’t even feel like you’re wearing a bra because there is no underwire to dig into your skin." —MedihaLIVELY The No-Wire Strapless, $35 SHOP ITThis isn't your extreme, grow-two-boob-sizes bulky push-up bra. The undergarment has slightly more padding than the average strapless bra, but still looks smooth and forms comfortably to your body shape. The lace band of the simple black- or beige-colored bra adds an extra eye-catching detail."I don't usually wear strapless bras because they just fall off, but this one has gel on the bands that helps it stick to my skin, so I love it. The bra is also really padded, which I like for my small chest." —Cindy"I love the shape of my boobs in the bra—it gives them a nice lift. I love the lace detailing on it, too, and the bra feels comfortable." —AnnaCalvin Klein Strapless Push-Up Bra, $44 SHOP ITThis is your quintessential strapless bra featuring underwire, a silicone-lined band, and removable straps. The undergarment has nylon-coated nickel-free wires and is made from a soft micro jersey fabric. Long story short: If you're a classic kind of gal, this is for you."I like the silicon sticky rubber band because it keeps the bra in place. There's no crazy push up effect and the bra is super comfortable." —Ania "Sometimes when I wear a strapless bra, it looks weird from the side, but this one actually kept my breasts nice and round. I also liked the sticky silicone on the band." —RonjaThirdLove 24/7 Classic Strapless Bra, $68 SHOP ITFor more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Katie Holmes, is that you?? The actor has been absolutely crushing the style game lately, and last night she outdid even herself. Underneath her gorgeous girly silver dress with a high slit, she wore the edgiest animal print heeled boots. It is the perfect contrast. How did I not know that's what I needed in my life?The boots, IDed as Khaite in some outlets, are apparently Tamara Mellon. They're not cheap, but the heel and the just-out-there-enough-to-be-badass print means that they could also transition easily from workplace to night out. Imagining wowing all your friends at the bar with this amazing pair. They come in black and brown leather (no tiger print, sorry!), in case you're not feeling particularly edgy, but that Khaite pair will do nicely if you are. Holmes was apparently attending the FilmAid's Power Of Film benefit screening in her hometown of New York, so the outfit makes sense—nice enough to dress up for the occasion, but dressed down enough to have a little attitude. Here's the full-length look. I couldn't resist sharing this photo because she just looks so pleased with herself:And a closeup of the boots, because, you know, BOOTS:  Katie, whatever you're doing differently, it. Is. Working.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			We are so lucky: We have two appearances from Kate Middleton and Meghan Markle at essentially the same time this morning. And the similarities don't stop there—they're also both wearing pretty black and blue outfits. Royal group chat, is this your doing?? The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge (Kate was a last-minute arrival) "attended the launch of the National Emergencies Trust, an independent charity which will provide an emergency response to disasters in the UK," according to Kensington Palace. Sources are thinking that Kate's wearing bespoke Emilia Wickstead, which bears a striking resemblance to their Danni dress except in blue, Gianvito Rossi heels, and an Aspinal clutch. She's apparently wearing sapphire earrings that originally belonged to Princess Diana, which match her ring (and entire outfit, TBH) perfectly. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex, on the other hand, (without Camilla because she has been sick), were visiting the Field of Remembrance at Westminster Abbey and laid poppy crosses. Meghan may have been wearing this Philip Treacy hat (that's a brand Kate uses often, so maybe they talked about where to get a good formal hat??). TBD on an ID for the rest of the outfit, including her cozy dark blue jacket, leather gloves, black dress, but the knee-high leather boots are Tamara Mellon x FRAME collaboration.I look forward (not really) to royal conspiracy theorists saying that this must mean that the two are secretly fighting through the power of dueling black and blue outfits that must secretly symbolizes the punches they could throw at each other. Can't they be gorgeous and also totally be fine with each other? Maybe they both love black and blue and wanted to twin! Here's Meghan's outfit in motion: VIDEO: Prince Harry and Meghan lay their own crosses in the Field of Remembrance before a bugler sounds The Last Post at @wabbey pic.twitter.com/0gQCuIRjXdAnd here are full-length looks at each outfit: Closeups: Ugh, gorgeous, both of them.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Let's get personal.When you hear the phrase "nameplate jewelry," you might immediately think of J.Lo and SJP as Carrie Bradshaw circa the early 2000s. But high-end jewelry brands have incorporated them into their collections with modern designs that feel classic, not dated. Whether it's the standard nameplate necklace or a ring or earrings bearing your moniker, these subtle (or bold—you do you!) accessories give any outfit a more personal feel.  Not to mention, they make just about the best gift ever.  Below, some of the nameplate pieces we've been loving of late.The classic gold hoop with a twist. Channel your inner J.Lo with these bad boys. This olde-English font adds edge to any outfit. These custom pavé diamond script earrings are personalized without being kitschy.This feminine calligraphy necklace is perfect for the girly girl who loves to stand out. Styling hack: Buy several of these sterling silver rings (perhaps one for each member of your family?) and wear them across your hand. This diamond nameplate is elegant and sentimental, and will elevate any look. This 14-carat gold link chain necklace offers an edgy take on the  classic nameplate necklace.This drop hoop is a unique (and fun!) take on the nameplate trend. Dangle away.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.subscribe here		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Earlier this week, Katie Holmes attended the Tribeca Chanel Women’s Filmmaker Program Luncheon. Holmes posted on Instagram about the event, saying, "Championing vital voices at the fifth annual Tribeca CHANEL #ThroughHerLens women’s filmmaker luncheon!" with a look behind the scenes at the star-studded event. And, lo and behold, the style icon is wearing an absolutely perfect pair of denim pants for fall. I shouldn't be surprised (she's been serving endless inspiration since the summer) but this might be a fashion high, even for her. As spotted by Vogue, Holmes was in head-to-toe Chanel. She wore a version of their wide-leg, pinstripe denim trousers from their pre-fall 2018 collection and a bright red jacket with crystal embellishments. This is bolder than the star tends to go, and it's totally gorgeous.  Championing vital voices at the fifth annual @Tribeca CHANEL #ThroughHerLens women’s filmmaker luncheon!A post shared by  Katie Holmes (@katieholmes212) on Nov 5, 2019 at 1:30pm PSTThe straight-leg style is very of the moment. And the casualness of the denim with the sophistication of the pinstripe makes for a *chef's kiss* high-low mix. She finished off the look with a white tee, pointed-toed white slingback heels, and the perfect matching red lip—oh, and a black Chanel bag, natch.Of course, nothing is going to compare to a pair of Chanel jeans, but if you happen to be interested in the style, there are some similar pairs out there, like this Paige denim iteration. (Madewell still has summery versions on sale—if you want to invest in a pair before you need it). Here's a look at her full outfit including the clutch (I mean, who doesn't want to ogle a classic Chanel crossbody?): So chic.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Stay warm, stay chic. Soft, plush, and cozy, a beanie may not be the first accessory that comes to mind when you decide to step up your style game.  But a beanie isn't just an easy way to keep your noggin warm—it also injects a sense of laid-back cool into any outfit. Marc Jacobs even sent them down the runway for his spring 2020 show (see above), proving that this traditionally laid-back piece can be luxe.   At the office, these casual hats could be deemed too casual—but the key to rocking a beanie flawlessly as part of a sophisticated ensemble is to find the right combination of color, shape, and texture. Choose higher-end fabrics (think: wool, cashmere) and a shape that suits your face. Smaller face? Smaller beanie. Bigger dome? Size up. Below, we highlight some of the best beanies to buy now.  This beanie from Eugenia Kim is the most darling shade of pastel yellow. How could you say no?This marbled tan beanie is made from a mix of wool and alpaca, making it one of the warmest around.This beanie in neon pink and green is certainly a showstopper. This one's for the glam gal. Embellished with Swarovski pearls, this is the perfect beanie to elevate an outfit. For the eternal beach bum, the tie-dye pattern gives this beanie a perfectly relaxed feel, while the heaviness of the wool keeps it grounded. Jackpot! This ribbed knit fold-over style is a steal. This deep red is gorgeous and will complement any outfit. This color block beanie with an oversized pom makes everything feel a bit more sporty. •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.subscribe here		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Matching jeans are the new friendship bracelets.If you want to treat your best friend to something special for the holidays—or simply thank him/her/them for always having your back—Universal Standard, one of our go-to denim brands, is here to help. Today, the contemporary label is debuting its "Best Friend Denim" sale in which you and your BFF can buy two pairs of jeans for the price of one. With sizes ranging from 00 to 40, everyone will be able to find a pair of comfortable, stylish jeans they love. So, how does it work? Simply head over to Universal Standard's "Best Friend Denim" page and enter your email address and your bestie's email (or your mom's, your sister's, the first friend you ever met in pre-school's, etc!). From there, you'll receive a unique code that lets each of you buy a pair of  jeans, like Universal Standard's $90 stretchy mid-rise Seine jeans, for the price of one. In other words, you both can receive a new pair for as low as $45.The sale is only available today, so sign up you and your bestie for this offer ASAP. After all, two pairs are better than one. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I trust the doctor.I sat down to write this post on "the comfiest heels" at a loss. In my experience, no high heel is comfortable until you break it in. But this column isn't about my opinion, it's about objective information, so I turned to an expert. The first question I posed to Tania Kapila, doctor of podiatric medicine at DeLoor Podiatry Associates, was, "Do comfy heels exist?" The short and depressing answer: no."There isn’t an ideal heel out there because they all cause some trauma to your feet," Dr. Kapila says. (Think: corns or calluses, to start.) Before you break out the Band-Aids or foot numbing cream, Kapila shared three quick tips for finding heels that won't completely destroy your feet:• The best height heel height is between one and two inches. If the shoe is extremely tall, it will cause jamming of the toes and ball of the foot every time you walk. • Pay attention to the shape of the toe box, whether it's pointy or curved. A pair that's too sharply pointed will squeeze your foot.•Look for something with a breathable material, like nubuck or suede. Regardless of the style you're shopping for, there's one more factor that can have a massive impact on whether or not your shoes will be killing you as soon as you step outside the store: when you choose to buy your heels. "Feet tend to change in size throughout the day because they swell. It’s best to buy shoes in the afternoon or later in the day rather than in the morning. Whatever size shoe fits you better during the afternoon is the size you should be buying," said Kapila. Now that you're armed with all the facts, make a 3 p.m. date with your bestie to go shoe shopping. I selected some winning heel options based on the doctor's recommendations, below, to get y'all started.One of the brands recommended by Dr. Kapila is Rockport. This little bootie features the brand's "truTECH" construction for a shock-absorbing sole. That means your feet won't feel the impact of walking on concrete like it does when you're in sandals. A 3-inch heel offers a height boost, but won't leave you teetering on your tippy toes.The last thing you want to do is expose your toes to the cold as you head into the ceremony or reception. This black-and-white 2.5-inch kitten heel mule will keep your feet (partially) covered and offer a comfortable height to stand in as you watch the couple say their"I dos."The next time you're about to wear the same battered black ballet flats to work—stop. Swap them for an of-the-season mule like this backless cognac-colored pair from Sam Edelman. Thanks to the low heel, it won't put too much stress on the ball of your foot or toes, so you can stand comfortably while you nail that presentation.These Jimmy Choo shoes are the epitome of the pretty, comfortable party heel. The heel height is only 2.5 inches, and the sparkly silver-to-blue ombré glitter gives the shoe a fun, frosted coating. Give these babies a spin on the dance floor to capture everyone's attention.For Saturday nights when you know you'll end up hanging out at the bar until 3 a.m., wear a pair of wedge heels instead of stilettos so your feet don't scream bloody murder in the morning. As for that hangover? You might need to take an Advil or two.Naturalizer, which has been around since 1927, is known for creating, "the shoe with the beautiful fit," so it's no surprise Dr. Kapila mentioned it as one of the brands that should be your new go-to. The beauty of this black loafer is in its simplicity and cushioned soles, which makes it a solid, no-fuss everyday shoe. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			As far as we're concerned, no fall wardrobe is complete without a drawer full of cashmere. It doesn't matter if you favor a sweet cardigan, minimalist turtleneck, or a cropped pullover—great cashmere has the power to keep you warm, look stylish, and make you feel oh-so-cozy. The only problem? Cashmere is notoriously expensive, but that's where Everlane comes in. Between its transparent pricing model and emphasis on sustainability, Everlane has quickly become one of our favorite brands for versatile, high-quality staples like work pants, T-shirts, and, of course, cashmere sweaters. For a limited time only, Everlane is offering everything in its cashmere collection for $100 a pop, no matter what style. From mocknecks to cozy sweatshirts to a simple wrap, Everlane's cashmere section has something for everyone. (Yes, even the special guy in your life.) Of course, Everlane's cashmere collection is more than just good looks. Made out of cashmere that's sourced from Mongolia, Everlane's material is durable and gets softer with age. Yes, the brand's direct-to-consumer model means most pieces sell for a fair, affordable price, but it's rare to find great cashmere for this cheap. Everlane's cashmere sale will end on Tuesday, November 5, at 3 p.m. EST. Sizes, colors, and styles are selling out quickly, so you might as well get a head start on your holiday shopping now!For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Her shoes are unmissable. In a bi-weekly series, we're interviewing female executives, founders, CEOs—basically, boss ladies—on their "power suit" a.k.a. the outfit they wear every day for easy dressing to conquer whatever the job throws at them.I'm a big believer that the right shoe can change a whole outfit. (That's part of the reason why it takes me so long to get ready in the mornings.) The "right shoe," however, requires several important qualities, including a comfortable fit and a fashionable design, appropriate for the office or weekends out with your girlfriends. Enter Tamara Mellon, a former British Vogue accessories editor-turned-world-renowned footwear designer, whose shoes check off all those boxes. Mellon co-founded Jimmy Choo in 1996 and was the first designer to test the direct-to-consumer model when she launched her own namesake brand in 2013. "After 16 years or so of building Jimmy Choo, I realized the world was changing, that every business was going to get eaten up by digital. I wanted to build another luxury brand with an entirely different business idea, that still offered beautiful, well-made shoes," she says.Ahead of her time with the DTC model, Mellon's company went through some growing pains before finally finding its footing (pun intended) in 2016. Since then, Mellon's luxury shoes have been spotted on the heels of Meghan Markle, Jenna Dewan, and Katie Holmes. (When I ask how it felt to see the Duchess in her designs, Mellon modestly answers: "I was so thrilled, more so than the fact she wore the shoes, but that her values align with our brand's values. She's out there as a working woman, as a self-proclaimed feminist, and she works for women's rights.")  Mellon and her co-founder and CEO, Jill Layfield, continue to be trailblazers in modern-day luxury footwear. Recently, the company launched its most ambitious offering yet: boots in extended calf sizes. Tamara Mellon is the first company to offer this kind of measurement, ensuring all women really getting what they're paying for in terms of fit and comfort. (Mellon's pieces run from $395 to $1,095.) "I work hard to make the shoes comfortable," she tells me. "One advantage [I have in the business] is that I am a woman designing for women. Most shoe brands are all mens names and they don't know what it feels like wearing heels. They'll put the shoe on a fit model and she has it on her foot for a minute, so they don't get a read for how the shoe really feels. The shoe might have amazing shelf appeal but when you put it on, it's painful. There are some technical things I do to make the shoe more comfortable—but I can't give away my secrets."As someone who lives and breaths footwear, I had to ask the legend about her own collection. "If I need something, I will make it," she says. Touché. Her shoe game is, expectedly, on point, and the same can be said of her clothes. She reveals that there are two sides to her fashion personality: a masculine/clean aesthetic and a more boho-paisley-floral-print-loving side. Intrigued? Read more about her personal style, especially what she wears to work, below.  "I usually wake up at 6:45 a.m. and do a mediation, even if it's only for 10 minutes, to center myself. I then workout for 45 minutes, shower, and always have to have a cup of black coffee from this Italian coffee maker that I have. I'll then drive to the office, which is about 15 minutes way." "I am very [meticulous] with my closet, so I will have a section for blouses, day dresses, cocktail dresses, and within those sections my clothes are color coded so all the creams are together; all the blacks are together. I have a huge section of jeans, with different colored denim, and below that are my T-shirt drawers. Usually, because I am in such a hurry to run to something, I will grab some jeans, open the T-shirt drawer, throw a tee on, then, my shoes are all on shelves behind that, so I grab some shoes and I am off."  "Frame or Re/Done jeans, a T-shirt, and a fabulous pair of shoes to elevate the look. My denim varies in shades of blue or black, but the color I wear most often is black. Black jean, black t-shirt, and a Cartier necklace if I want to elevate my look. Depending on who is coming into the office though—for example, investors—I will throw on a dress or blazer. I, especially, love Givenchy dresses right now. I think what Clare Waight Keller is doing is amazing. Usually though, getting 'dressed' in Los Angeles [means] putting on jeans. It's very different than living in New York City or London. How you elevate your outfits here is with your accessories. Sometimes I'll stack bracelets or rings with my watch. I am a choker girl, I love a good choker with a T-shirt. Bag wise, I carry our Kiss Bag. It's my go-to everyday accessory because I can throw everything in it. You can wear it three different ways, too: as a crossbody, a shoulder bag, or you can take off the strap and carry it as a hand-held. My other go-to bag is my Hermès Birkin. Lately, I [have been wearing] our sneakers. I wanted a sneaker that was the highest quality of leather for a chic statement."  "Tailored, clean, and casual.""One of the things I always tell designers is you have to know who you are and what your aesthetic is and stick to it. On the business side: start small, get proof of concept, and then you can get angel investors (like family and friends) that will back your idea." For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			...And year-round, let's be honest. Ah, the hoodie: the one piece of clothing that stays at the front of the closet whether it's snowing, 90 degrees, or somewhere in-between. I'm not going to tell you to completely skip the bomber purchase this fall, but it's worth considering a splurge on a great hoodie instead—especially when there are so many cozy-but-stylish options this season (see below) that you'll definitely want to wear somewhere besides your couch.Hoodie, but make it a going-out top. The twist-front and relaxed fit makes it perfect for a casual night on the town.Fall's calling, and it asked for this gorgeous sherpa hoodie that comes in light grey or pink. Come for the drawstring neck, stay for the insanely cozy sherpa that will keep you warm through the winter.This cropped Champion hoodie is perfect for the days you want to trick everyone into thinking you're going to the gym. Your response? "No, I'm actually heading to my couch to watch You've Got Mail, thank you very much."It would be unacceptable to discuss hoodies without including one from the woman who basically invented them. When you want to look like a street style star, throw on this tie-dye hoodie with a pair of jeans and booties, as seen on the model here. Topshop's black half-zip hoodie is acceptable to wear to work if you know how to style it right. Try wearing it tucked into a midi skirt, then watch your co-workers stare in awe at how comfortably chic you look. Pajama top, but make it a hoodie. You'll want to live in Eberjey's soft cotton hoodie whether you're watching Netflix or running errands. Buy the matching elastic pants if you want to turn it into a full-on "I woke up like this" lewk.Throwback to the '90s with this classic cropped Adidas hoodie lined in a cozy french terry material.Dig through the archives and sport this Gucci pullover sweater made in Italy.It's called "The Perfect Hoodie" for a reason—it's not too tight, not too oversized, and comes in over 20 dreamy colors.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"What, this old thing? I've had it for years."The flannel shirt is a closet staple.  It’s my default shirt for fall—I wear it unbuttoned over a T-shirt, or buttoned-up and tucked into jeans. (And if you’re anything like my boyfriend, you'll have about 20 flannels that are all somehow from J.Crew.) But, truth be told, I’m a bit bored with these looks. So I did a little street style scouring and found nine fresh ways to rework the flannel. Pick your favorite outfit below and start wearing it…tomorrow!The my-clothes-look-too-big-on-me factor in this outfit is precisely why I love it so much. It's not your prim and proper outfit, but still feels fashionable because of items like your slide-on booties and polka dot Hayward handbag. Baggy can be stylish. Give this easy untucked ensemble a try when you're not in an outfit-making mood and would rather be in pajamas. Shop the pieces: 1. AMIRI flannel shirt, $281; 2. Raey denim skirt, $157; 3. Hayward chain bag, $510; 4. Dr. Martens boots, $190We tend to think of flannels as either a shirt we wear alone or over something. Flip this thought on its head and instead, rock it underneath a leather dress like fashion influencer Veronica Ferraro did. The unexpected combo feels fresh and edgy, especially if you get a hold of this skintight Alexander Wang minidress. Add some color with Jacquemus' "Le Riviera" bag in a tangerine color and complete with PVC strap heels.Shop the pieces: 1. Grayson shirt, $158; 2. Alexander Wang leather dress, $1,495; 3. Jacquemus shoulder bag, $535; 4. Schutz mules, $170The oversize flannel embodies the coziness of your boyfriend’s, but fits properly around your shoulders and arms. Rather than pairing this top with jeans, wear it with a pair of joggers. Not only are they loose-fitting (elastic waistband we meet again) and therefore more comfortable, but they also imbue your outfit with a semi-sporty vibe. Give your sneakers a rest and wear a kitten mule for an even more fashion-forward look.Shop the pieces: 1. R13 shirt, $495; 2. Champion sweats, $40; 3. Valentino shoulder bag, $1,875; 4. Nisolo mule, $150Did you hear? Corduroy pants are back and they make for an easy upgrade to your standard jeans-and-flannel combo. This fashionista paired her flannel with camel-colored bottoms and accessorized with pops of yellow to continue the golden vibes. A white mule with a low block heel makes this outfit look chic and modern, not frumpy and dated.Shop the pieces: 1. IRO flannel, $232; 2. Levi's corduroy pants, $98; 3. Polaroid eyewear, $65; 4. Marni handbag, $2,250; 5. Loewe pumps, $950Unlike bulky wool sweaters, flannels are optimized for layering. This street style star nailed the look when she wore her flannel over a graphic pullover, then added a leather jacket with a furry trim on top. To keep the layers from overwhelming her figure, she made sure the jacket hit right at the hips while the flannel peeked out just a tad. Trendy elements like blue sunglasses and a unique pair of boots give this outfit an A-plus in fashion.Shop the pieces: 1. Blanc Noir leather jacket, $249; 2. Anine Bing top, $169; 3. IRO flannel, $465; 4. Madewell white jeans, $77; 5. Saint Laurent sunglasses, $405; 6. Zara boots, $199Flannel and jeans? Predictable. Flannel and skirt? Unexpected. Wear your shirt as you would any button-down and tuck it into a pencil skirt or a flared a-line skirt like the one Miryam Labiad’s wearing. The combination makes your casual flannel look fancy, but the business-appropriate look is less stuffy than when you’re wearing a stark white button-down. Tie the look together with a red boot (to match your red flannel) and sunglasses, then stroll into the office like a boss babe.Shop the pieces: 1. Madewell flannel shirt, $80; 2. H&M pleated skirt, $30; 3. Bottega Veneta sunglasses, $440; 4. Fendi booties, $1,150I didn't play sports in high school or college, so I missed out on the whole varsity jacket business. Luckily for me, though, brands like Off-White have created their own enviable versions to shop. And the first thing I'll wear with the outerwear is a flannel. This combo isn't intuitive, but after seeing it on blogger Alexandra Lapp (pictured above), I'm convinced the pairing works. To give this outfit a bit of edge, wear with a pair of heeled combat boots.Shop the pieces: 1. Off-White bomber jacket, $2,480; 2. Faith Connection flannel, $333; 3. AG skinny jeans, $151; 4. Alexandre Birman, $895This is the type of outfit you see and think, "I could have done that." And, it’s true. The ensemble consists of just three pieces: a minimalist T-shirt, a flannel of your choice, and a pair of crop flared jeans. (You could also tie the flannel over a dress, leather pants, the options are endless!) Now, you might think wrapping a shirt around your waist is so middle school, but it’s approved by both street style stars and models. The fashion trick is not only practical when the weather is fickle, but it also adds a stylish element to your outfit. If you become cold, simply unwrap the flannel from your waist and throw it on.Shop the pieces: 1. Closed flannel shirt, $190; 2. Ninety Percent white t-shirt, $65; 3. Mother crop jeans, $205; 4. Ganni beanie, $100; 5. Mother socks, $43; 6. Adidas sneakers, $80Don't underestimate the geniusness of layering thin shirts underneath your flannels. Leave a few buttons undone so your turtleneck can peek through. (You'll also be warmer!) For some subtle edginess, slip into a pair of leather pants. Add trendy elements like dad sneakers and a designer bag to make your outfit worthy of a street style photo. Shop the pieces: 1. Bellerose flannel shirt, $126; 2. Banana Republic sweater, $89.50; 3. Munthe leather pants, $560; 4. Valentino bag, $2,295; 5. Ash sneakers, $275•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter. SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			May she remember that when you "borrow" these.As the saying goes, "Life made us sisters, but love made us friends." Even when she takes your new Staud dress without asking and roasts you in the family group chat, you still love her to pieces. Ahead, 25 cute holiday gifts she'd never buy herself.Spare her the tough decision of frozen fingers or not being able to use her phone with a pair of texting gloves that have over 500 glowing reviews on Amazon. Also, your eyes aren’t playing tricks on you—these are really only $8.For the sister who loves fashion (or for the sister who could use a gentle nudge in the right direction), this wardrobe-elevating turtleneck from Danish brand Samsøe & Samsøe is the winning combination of versatile, flattering, and shimmery. This no-slip bath mat from Cold Picnic will bring a provocative—but empowering—splash of décor to your sister’s bathroom. (On Christmas morning, your dad might be like, why tho, but your artsy sister will dig it!)They say the best gifts are the ones you’d want for yourself. So, if you’re reading this, Sarah, want to let me borrow these hoops if I promise not to steal them forever?Available from 1969 to 2000, this gold-plated year pendant necklace is personalized and sentimental without feeling cheesy. It’ll bring an edgy flare to your sister’s jewelry layering game too.For the sister who enjoys the finer things in life, like spa time and wine from Trader Joe’s, gift her a faux-marble wine glass holder. Besides being hilarious, the holder will come in handy on those nights when having a glass of wine in the shower just feels…right. If your sis is a globetrotting culturati, this insider’s guide to public art installations all over the world will be un grand succès. A confection of a coffee table fixture, the Destination Art Book presents photos and information for over 500 modern and contemporary art installations, so it’ll be a great resource for planning your next road trip together.Spacious enough to hold a small iPad and the book she can’t put down, this SS20 lizard-effect lewk from Staud will take your sister from brunch to date night...and everywhere in between. The bag features a removable shoulder strap, interior suede lining, and a drawstring pouch. Give the sis who’s gone cordless a pocket-sized projector so she can enjoy Netflix and groufit nights projected onto her apartment’s wall. Offering 40”-80” displays, this pocket-sized projector connects to a PC, Mac, cable box, gaming console, or HDMI player.Your sister is the ultimate person to trust with all of the tea, so get her a candle that accurately depicts all of the exes you’ve talked about together. Beyond being a fun fixture for her mantelpiece, the scent is very pleasing with top notes of neroli and lilac flower on a base of cedar wood....Because she once ratted you out to your parents for eating your family’s ice-cream for breakfast. Yet, she’s still the only person in the world who knows you better than you know yourself.Handcrafted in Portugal and dipped in glaze, this Scandinavian-chic ceramic jug will bring your sister’s minimalist daydreams from Pinterest straight to her dining room table. Available in five fabulous colors, the jug can be used to serve drinks, hold flowers, or provide major eye candy.Aptly named ‘Over the Top,’ this pair of clip-on crystal drop earrings seen all over the SS20 runways was made for the gal who isn’t afraid of the spotlight. If that’s your sister, these musky, pale yellow earrings will keep her trendy and sparkly going into spring.Whether she’s the mindful, zen type who enjoys meditative silence or the gal who always has the best playlists, the new Beats Solo Pro wireless headphones will make her want to rave in her own individual way. Among the coolest features? If you already have a pair of Solo Pro headphones, Beats headphones 5, or AirPods, you’ll be able to wirelessly share audio together by connecting your devices when they’re near each other.If she checks her work email at all hours of the day, these embroidered slippers (reading "offline" in fancy cursive) will be the chicest way to passively remind her to disconnect. If the hint somehow goes out the window, at least these will warm her frozen toes when she gets home from work and logs back online.Because you’re her sister and know her sunglass face type better than she does, treat her to a pair of fabulous sunnies.A long-lasting wrap coat under $300 doesn’t exis--. This merino wool blend coat features a timeless, flattering belted shape well suited for women on-the-go who do it all: work, hot dates, hungover grocery shopping, etc.Is there anything hotter than a pair of red patent leather Prada ankle boots? Worthy only of gracing the best sister ever (yours), she’ll treasure these funky, squared-toe beauties forever.Gift the sister who taught you everything you know about makeup a game-changing and timeless nude lip set. Contents in this gorgeous leather makeup bag include three full-size lipsticks that can be worn alone or layered together for a variety of looks.Surprise her with a gorgeous leather belt that’ll subtly elevate all of her denim looks. It’s an under-$100 way to win Christmas.Imagine the feeling of strolling through upstate New York on a crisp, sunny October day—Malin + Goetz' newest perfume, Leather, is the refinement of this in a beautifully packaged form. It'll evoke memories of exploring together and be a fast favorite. Chanel's travel-sized beauty set includes two glowing and shimmery blushes, six different eyeshadows, four different lip colors, two brushes, two sponges, and a mascara. It’s all the makeup she’ll ever need when she sets her OOO status.Nike’s Air Force 1 sneakers can be worn with just about anything and look cool. Just do it—you already know what size shoe your sister wears by heart.  As somebody who’s spent way too long searching for scarves that are soft, chic, and well-made this season, I'm telling you this AllSaints number is something to covet. Blending zebra and monochrome dogtooth for a look that feels like something Sienna Miller might wear, this scarf is a non-boring neutral that your sister will be able to enjoy with any cold-weather ensemble.This foxy, wide-leg Reformation jumpsuit will become your sister's go-to outfit for when she's feelin' herself. It's perfect for channeling the Grecian goddess within and alleviating the struggle of having nothing to wear to events with ambiguous "cocktail attire" dress codes. •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Ready, set, refresh.It's true: You spend the majority of your week working. While your career will have its inevitable highs and lows, there's one aspect that you have complete control over—your professional style. If you've invested in pieces that inspire confidence, then you already know the psychological power that a really great outfit has on your sense of self. That said, it's more than normal to run short on ideas for what to wear, and the answer isn't always to just buy more things. Instead, it can help to reimagine your wardrobe staples and come up with a few fresh combinations—and then decide what holes in your closet you need to fill. Ahead, discover six wearable, stylish office outfits that involve separates you can mix and match for months to come.  When you're heading out the door in a hurry, it might be your reflex to reach for all-black pieces. But consider camel-toned separates for a palette that feels less the norm. Finish the look off with a pair of versatile loafers and a fun statement bag.Shop the pieces: Calvin Klein coat and pants. Montunas bag. & Other Stories shoes.Temperatures are cooling down, but that doesn't need to equate to a somber color palette. Eschew the expected and incorporate a saturated pop of color to your office look, like cobalt blue slacks and a lavender bag.Shop the pieces: Calvin Klein turtleneck and pants. Stella and Bow earrings. Staud bag.Wearing more than one print in an outfit may seem off-kilter, but this underrated styling trick is surprisingly effective. For fall office attire, try a plaid trench tossed over an animal-print midi dress; the two don't clash, and will make the outfit feel playful and dynamic.Shop the pieces: Calvin Klein trench coat, dress, and watch. Cult Gaia shoes.A more prominent fall trend is wearing multiple leather (or faux leather) pieces in one outfit. This translates to the office if you skip the moto jacket and swap for a blazer or tailored jacket. Team that up with a skirt or pants and polish it off with a chain link necklace and your favorite work bag.Shop the pieces: Calvin Klein jacket and skirt. Soko necklace. Gabriel For Sach bag.Plaid is to fall what florals are to spring—indispensable. While there are endless approaches to wearing checks all autumn and winter long, when it comes to the office, test drive the pattern by way of a stylish skirt. Top off with a blazer and some minimalist accessories.Shop the pieces: Calvin Klein blazer and skirt. Lovard necklace. Loewe sunglasses.If you're looking to revamp your professional style, don't overthink it; remember your basics. A sweater and slacks is a fine pairing if you incorporate different neutrals and tones. Extra points if your accessories follow suit.Shop the pieces: Calvin Klein sweater and pants. Matine bag. COS shoes.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			This past week, Meghan Markle made an unpublicized trip to Luminary Bakery, in which she talked with volunteers, gave a very revealing interview with The Telegraph, and wore what might be the coolest, most effortless casual outfit. There are a few rewears in here, and the whole outfit is shoppable—even better, each piece is less than $200!As spotted by Meghan's Mirror, Meghan wore With Nothing Underneath Poplin: White & Midnight Blue Stripe Shirt and brown leather Madewell Crisscross skinny belt. Per Meghan's Fashion, she's also rewearing her J. Crew "Juliette" Collarless Sweater Blazer, which is more like a really chic coatigan, and Adidas Stan Smith Sneaker (Okay, I lied, her Adina Reyter earrings are $600, but everything else is under $200!). UPDATE: We even know her jeans: DL1961's Emma Low Rise Skinny, for $168! You really can twin with the Duchess, if you want to! Some really intriguing quotes from the interview: "We get into this habit of wanting things done immediately nowadays. There's a culture of instant gratification, of the instant fix. But we aren't mechanical—we're all wounded creatures that need to be healed," Meghan said. Reporter Bryony Gordon said, "[Meghan] told me that she didn’t want people to love her—she just wanted them to be able to hear her." And "For the Duchess of Sussex, showing vulnerability is not a weakness. On the contrary—it is one of humanity’s greatest strengths."Update: The Sussex Royal account has added more gorgeous images of Meghan's trip and that chic, chic outfit: More special moments from The Duchess of Sussex’s visit to Luminary Bakery earlier this week! Please see our previous post for behind the scenes footage and visit @LuminaryBakery to enjoy their delicious baked goods and to see the impactful work they’re doing. Luminary Bakery - a sustainable grassroots organisation in the heart of London - is a beautiful example of community and uplifting those during hardship for the greater good. Photo © TelegraphA post shared by  The Duke and Duchess of Sussex (@sussexroyal) on Nov 1, 2019 at 5:52am PDTHere's the full video:  Earlier this week The Duchess of Sussex visited the women of @LuminaryBakery as they celebrated the opening of their new location. It was a special moment to acknowledge the spirit of Luminary and their remarkable business model that opens its arms to women from vulnerable circumstances (be it abuse, poverty, trafficking, marginalisation) and equips them with the job skills and confidence to succeed. Having sat down with @luminarybakery at their flagship location earlier this year and from that inspiring visit choosing to feature them as #ForcesForChange in the September issue of @britishvogue, Her Royal Highness was proud to be invited to attend the launch of their second bakery. This addition will enable the organisation to provide services, support and mentoring for four times the number of women. Luminary Bakery - a sustainable grassroots organisation in the heart of London - is a beautiful example of community and uplifting those during hardship for the greater good. If you find yourself in the area, please visit and support the women of @LuminaryBakery to enjoy their delicious baked goods and to see the impactful work they’re doing. Video © SussexRoyalA post shared by  The Duke and Duchess of Sussex (@sussexroyal) on Nov 1, 2019 at 12:38am PDTAnd here are some stills. A sideways shot at that coatigan:Here's how you can buy your own (it comes in seven colors!):A typical sight, for the Duchess of Sussex—putting on an apron and getting to work: A peek at her skinny jeans and sneakers:And our best shot of the full look:The last time Meghan wore that coatigan was to cheer on her friend and tennis superstar Serena Williams: And she also, according to HELLO!, wore With Nothing Underneath when she dropped by (also an unannounced visit!) to view her Smart Works collection, as seen in an Instagram video. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			When embroiled in the utter despair of a breakup, your outer aesthetic is often the last thing on your mind. But after enough Netflix binges and late-night Seamless orders, the need to peel off your sweats and slip into something more socially acceptable can start to arise. You may assume the perfect post-breakup look doesn’t exist. But reader, you'd be wrong. Because either by divine design or accidental styling, Katie Holmes has stumbled upon it.  In August, news broke that Holmes had split with fellow actor Jamie Foxx after quietly dating for six years. Although the couple's relationship was ultra low-key, Holmes has emerged from the ashes of the breakup in more eye-catching looks than ever. Whether intentional or not, Holmes has tacitly been mounting a post-breakup fashion tour, stepping out in everything from a monochromatic navy suit by Gabriela Hearst to an amber-colored silk midi dress (the Thanksgiving dinner outfit of my dreams).It all started in early September. A few weeks after the split, Holmes was photographed casually hailing a cab in an oversize cashmere sweater, which had fallen from her shoulder, a matching bra peeking underneath. The $520 bra, from Khaite’s pre-fall 2019 collection, sold out in an hour following her outing.  Twitter was starting to take notice.I want that Katie Holmes cashmere bra pic to go straight to serieskatie holmes hailed a cab in a cashmere bra so i hailed a cab in a cashmere braMy fall mood board is just that picture of Katie Holmes casually but strategically flexing her $520 cashmere braBy the end of October (and after a cycle of killer looks), one user declared, "The year is 2019. Katie Holmes is a bonafide street style star." It was kind of like that moment in a movie where the heroine is thrown into a New York City montage set to a bubbly pop song showcasing a transformation: Katie Holmes is single, wearing Saint Laurent, and ready to mingle, folks.Having consistently avoided the spotlight, Holmes is a somewhat unlikely source of style inspo. Her post-breakup narrative is less obvious than a dramatic chop à la Ariana Grande, or a public Twitter thread like Miley Cyrus. Holmes doesn't even share many of her coveted looks with her 1.8 million Instagram followers. (Although she's coincidentally managed to post some chic shots recently.)A post shared by Katie Holmes (@katieholmes212) on Oct 3, 2019 at 3:52pm PDTA post shared by Katie Holmes (@katieholmes212) on Sep 4, 2019 at 11:30am PDTIt could all be in the effortless execution behind Holmes's looks. She keeps her choices simple and, therefore, fairly mysterious. Her most enviable nighttime look as of late? A long-sleeved LBD from Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello, paired with a classic red lip and patterned tights, which she wore to two events on the same night. #KatieHolmes said it’s tights 👏 season 👏A post shared by  ELLE Magazine (@elleusa) on Oct 23, 2019 at 7:55am PDTAccording to Holmes herself, she hasn't given her recent style narrative much thought. When asked by Vogue about her Internet-breaking cashmere ensemble she said, "It was very comfortable and easy," revealing that she had casually purchased the items online herself. Per British Vogue, the actress is even working sans stylist. Holmes is further proof that it's possible to redefine your look while reshaping your personal life. Or as one Twitter user put it, "lmao Katie Holmes broke up with Jamie Foxx and said 'it’s time to snap.'" Below, some of her most snap-worthy ensembles.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.subscribe hereFrom: ELLE US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			For pretty much every occasion. First there's the feeling of dread when your alarm goes off. Then the Ugh what do I wear today? hits. But the morning doesn't have to be stressful. What if I told you that you don't actually have to change out of your pajamas? Yes, you can literally wear pajamas all day, everyday. “Pajama dressing” as us fashion folk call it, is chic and totally acceptable. Of course like any trend, there are limitations (no you cannot go to work in your boyfriend’s decade-old flannel PJ pants). But a silky slip paired with a sweater…hell yeah you can! From two-piece sets to kimonos and silky slips, there is a “PJ for the day”  for everyone. No need to thank us, just shop our picks below. Cozy girls unite!Leave it to super model Gigi Hadid to make literal pajamas look so chic. The full PJ look can be a little intimidating so we broke it down for you: Wear a lacy bralette underneath to keep the look sexy and throw on a pair of heeled booties to dress it up. Top it off with some mirrored cat eye sunglasses and you are super model–approved.Shop the pieces: 1. Sleepy Jones Pajama Set, $198; 2. Everlane Booties, $225; 3. SAVAGEXFENTY Bralette, $10; 4. Le Specs Sunglasses, $83.30This look screams date night vibes. The lacy slip is simple and sexy. The head-to-toe pink is extremely feminine, but mixing different hues gives it a bit of an edge. Wear a bold lip and your date will fall at your feet.Shop the pieces: 1. La Perla Slip Dress, $669; 2. Frame Velvet Blazer, $575; 3. Zara Mid-Heel Slides, $70; 4. Jennifer Fisher Mini Samira Hoops, $295; 5. Yves Saint Laurent Matte Pink Lipstick, $39This look is for the woman with places to be. The combination of slip dress and sweater tied on top is a foolproof outfit formula that you will want to wear over and over. Jazz it up with some chic accessories and a statement boot and you're out the door looking 100.Shop the pieces: 1. Olivia Von Halle Slip Dress, $390; 2. Michael Michael Kors Sweater, $155; 3. Bottega Veneta Pouch, $2,700; 4. Paris Texas Knee-high boots, $795; 5. Gucci oversized square aviators, $480A look so simple yet so perfect. Start with a basic white slip dress and throw a sharp pinstripe blazer on top—it instantly elevates the look. Finish with some downtown girl sneakers, a chic little saddle bag, and yellow aviators for a touch of flair.Shop the pieces: 1. RAEY Slip dress, $190; 2. Alexander McQueen pinstripe blazer, $2,245; 3. Nike Air Force 1 Low, $90; 4. Dior Saddle Bag, $3,350; 5. Gucci Oversized Metal Aviators, $435This is not your grandma's nightgown. Influencer Bettina Looney makes this nightie-and-robe-combo look so effortless, like pajamas were always meant to be worn out and about. Throw on a pair of heeled mules and hoops to dress it up and you're ready to turn heads.Shop the pieces: 1. Bernadette Silk Wrap, $1,170; 2. Bernadette Midi Dress, $795; 3. Jennifer Fisher Lily Hoops, $425; 4. Manolo Blahnik Suede Mules, $672; 5. & Other Stories Pearl Clutch Bag, $69Freshen up your jeans and T with a silky robe, as seen on one of Milano's coolest Gilda Ambrosio. A robe over top of casual everyday wear and secured with a belt bag is the perfect way to incorporate "pajama dressing" into your aesthetic without going overboard. Shop the pieces: 1. Carine Gilson Silk-Satin Robe, $818; 2. RE/DONE Ribbed Tank, $75; 3. RE/DONE High-Rise Jeans, $258; 4. The Row Kitten-Heel Mules, $795; 5. Chanel Waist Bag, $3,300•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.subscribe here		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			We're calling it. Move over, Amazon Coat: There's another covetable style in town. Last year, Orolay's versatile (and surprisingly chic) down jacket became so ubiquitous, it became the Amazon Coat. While we have no doubt  the Orolay jacket will be just as popular this winter, we have a hunch another style is on the brink of going viral. Enter: Lark & Ro's Walker coat. Not only does the Walker coat come from one of Amazon's signature brands (read: it has the retailer's seal of approval), it also has a sleek single-breasted silhouette, two flap pockets, and a back vent. Unlike the Orolay jacket, Lark & Ro's coat is lightweight enough to wear on a brisk fall day or a chilly spring night. Made from a blend of wool and polyester, the coat is designed to keep you warm but not too warm, and hits just above the knee. One of the most appealing factors about the reigning Amazon Coat is its price—and Lark & Ro's style is no different. While prices vary by size and color, all styles are currently available for under $100. Going to a winter wedding or a holiday party? Layer this over a formal dress or a killer jumpsuit. Headed to the office? This jacket is polished enough to be worn with your business casual attire. On the weekends, pair it with some fitted jeans and Chelsea boots. Lark & Co's coat is available in several colors—including camel, black, and a textured salt and pepper—so you're bound to find one that goes with your wardrobe's color palette. Add this coat to your cart before everyone else does, and make sure to report back when you see your friend's sister's cousin wearing it. It's that good. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I won't fly without it. In our biweekly series, editors share "the item they wear to death," whether it be a basic white tee or a super-trendy jumpsuit. Prepare yourself (and your credit card) for some guilt-free shopping.There’s nothing I love better than a weekend escape, but there’s nothing I love less than the headache of lost luggage, plus long lines at the check-in counter, extra baggage fees, and the inevitable overweight bag. If it were up to me, I’d arrive at the airport with just enough time to pass through TSA and board within minutes of taking off. The stars don't always align that way, but having a roomy and reliable piece of carry-on luggage occasionally affords me the opportunity of doing just that. After years of using junky luggage with broken wheels, unwieldy handles, and uncooperative zippers, I finally woke up to the world of investment luggage. Enter: my trusty Rimowa Essential Lite suitcase. With 121 years behind them, the German-born brand has a rich history of perfecting every detail on their suitcases—from their signature grooved aluminum exteriors (an ode to the world's first all-metal aircraft) to the 360-degree spinner wheels that will keep up with you as you sprint to your connection to the TSA-friendly locks that safely store your baubles. For a petite lady like me, one of the real selling points was its light weight, a necessity when climbing subway stairs and navigating baggage claim.  The roomy interior with convenient mesh sides is also a luxury, because packing lightly can pose challenges, especially heading into sweater weather.This luggage is an investment, but with a slurry of limited-edition pieces and collaborations with famed designers like Dior and Supreme, it’s no wonder the bag has accrued a cult following. This summer, Sotheby’s New York even honored the brand’s legacy with a show of limited edition suitcases, some dating back to the late 1800s—the golden age of ship and train travel. The original It bag, if you will, an investment suitcase is a rite of passage for anyone who likes to travel (and who doesn't?). If one too many broken suitcases has sent you into a tailspin, save those pennies for a nice piece of luggage you'll have for decades, or try one of these stylish and sturdy alternatives.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Spiked eggnog, anybody? It's office-holiday-party season, which means getting tipsy with your coworkers and getting dressed up. If your company has a theme (i.e. ugly Christmas sweaters), lucky. The rest of us will have to tread the waters between casual Friday and big-meeting-with-my-boss. After all, you do want to feel a little fancy for that group photo booth picture. Since you'll likely spend the day at the office before heading off to the bar or your boss's house, we found six outfits that pass the 9-to-5 test, while incorporating some seasonally-appropriate sparkle. •••For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here). For a special alternative to jeans, try leather pants. (Don't worry, you won't end up like Ross in that one episode of Friends.) Leather bottoms are already a statement look, so you can simply throw on a sweater and call it a day. Dress up your edgy pants with fancy heels and accessories. And, don't forget to cover up with a puffer jacket. It'll be cold after the hot toddy runs out.Shop the pieces: 1. Vince wool coat, $795; 2. H&M sweater, $30; 3. Aritzia leather pants, $148; 4. Isabel Marant sandals, $875 This blush pink velvet pantsuit set from Frame has #bosswoman written all over it. Instead of skipping an undershirt (as celebs and street style stars tend to do), keep it work-appropriate by styling a cream satin blouse underneath. A pop of leopard print keeps the ensemble playful but fierce while coordinating blush heels give you that fashion-girl monochrome look.Shop the pieces: 1. The Line by K top, $160; 2. Frame velvet blazer, $575; 3. Frame velvet pants, $325; 4. H&M gold earrings, $8; 5. Miu Miu pouch, $240; 6. Reformation heel, $218For the daredevils who plan to wear a dress without tights (!), choose one with long sleeves and a longer hemline like this one from The Line by K. It'll protect you briefly from the winter elements as you make your way through the doors. A teddy coat—one of the season's It outerwear—will keep you warm and cozy while a pair of lace-up ankle boots shield your feet from the frigid air (and keep things conservative). Finish off with sparkly silver drop earrings and a crossbody bag.Shop the pieces: 1.The Arrivals Koda II, $1,395; 2. The Line by K dress, $225; 3. Baublebar drop earrings, $36; 4. Zara lace boots, $90; 5. Kate Spade New York bag, $298; Since leggings and sweats aren't viable party attire options around the boss, your next best thing is tights. The bottoms can be tricky to style, but a foolproof outfit is to wear it with a blazer dress, Meghan Markle style. This check option called "peggy plaid" with four side buttons contains just enough intrigue without making you feel uncomfortable. Shop the pieces: 1. Parker blazer dress, $203, 2. Lizzie Fortunato earring, $195; 3. J.Crew black tights, $20; 4. Balenciaga boots, $1,490; 5. Fendi handbag, $2,790 A metallic skirt is one of the most festive pieces you can wear. Not a fan of solid silver or gold? Go for a deep print like this Tanya Taylor skirt. The skirt's asymmetrical gold foil pattern and hint of shimmer say, "I'm ready to party." Wear with a black sweater that says "but I still know you're my coworkers." Pull it all together with a  layered gold necklaces and black ankle booties. Shop the pieces: 1. H&M sweater, $25; 2. Frame trench coat, $2,495; 3. Tanya Taylor skirt, $297; 4. Maria Black necklace, $205; 5. Mejuri necklace, $285; 6. & Other Stories ankle boots, $179Heels sound like a great idea, until you're three drinks in and trying to dance to "Señorita." Save yourself the blisters and sore toes on Friday morning by opting to walk into the party in flats. Pick a pair with embellishments (flats don't have to be boring!) and wear a glittery dress to show off your black fancy footwear.Shop the pieces: 1. Zara double-breasted coat, $219; 2. Ulla Johnson dress, $645; 3. Missoma earrings, $115; 4. L'Afshar bag, $990; 5. Sergio Rossi x Rosie Assoulin shoes, $750A sequined jumpsuit is my secret weapon for looking dressy with minimal styling efforts. I just throw it on and add a pair of festive gold studs. Okay...I'm kind of lazy, but the jumpsuit is already the sleekest, most put-together look I could ask for. Complete it with a classic belted furry coat, then go the extra mile, slipping some color into your ensemble with a happy holiday hue like red. Shop the pieces: 1. Vince belted coat, $595; 2. Iris & Ink x Julia Restoin Roitfeld jumpsuit, $230; 3. Corita earring, $88; 4. Bottega Veneta clutch, $2,350; 5. Sam Edelman heels, $84		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Here's how.On the runway, hoodies have been a hot topic for the past several seasons. They're already a staple of your weekend wardrobe, but for us working women (and non-models), the question becomes: How can we work these super cozy tops into our M–F ensembles? Can a hoodie, the quintessential loungewear item,  be worn while not lounging? Is it possible to transition from the couch to the boardroom? The answer is yes—when paired with the right bottoms and accessories. Here, three ways to make a hoodie office-approved.  And, no, you won’t get fired.Take a note from this street style star and pair your hoodie with a sleek skirt in a neutral colorway. We recommend a pencil skirt—its tapered fit contrasted with the hoodie gives this 'fit a refined feel.  Shop the pieces: 1. Nili Lotan Hoodie, $275; 2. Pushbutton Skirt, $450; 3. Deborah Pagani Hair Pin, $90; 4. Proenza Schouler Tote, $1,495; 5. Paris Texas Boots, $795The ultimate tomboy meets girly outfit. Pair your hoodie with dress pants to elevate it to work-appropriate.  Add a square toe boot, frame bag, and a small earring for an extra a professional touch. Shop the pieces: 1. Tna Hoodie, $70;  2. Samsoe Samsoe Pants, $165;  3. Jennifer Fisher Hoops, $550; 4. Jil Sander Bag, $1,650; 5. Dear Francis Boot, $550 Is a pencil skirt too constricting for you? Test out a pleated skirt, which gives this look a more boho feel while still keeping it profesh. Add a super pointed-toe pump and you're set for that big presentation.  Shop the pieces: 1. Gucci Hoodie, $1,280; 2. Acne Skirt, $620; 3. Tom Ford Glasses, $445; 4. Yun Yun Sun Earrings, $389; 5. Building Block Bag, $520; 6. Balenciaga Pumps, $795 •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.subscribe here		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			No optical illusion here!Sometimes when we shop, we focus so much on the big purchases—the super luxe coat, the standout bag, the splurge-worthy shoe—that we forget that the smallest details are really what elevates an outfit.  Throw on a silk sock, watch how the shoe becomes new again.  Add a chic hair clip, and see how the whole look becomes more polished.  Stack your all your favorite necklaces, instantly feel like you're dressed to impress. The same can be said for glasses.  Opticals are an easy (and often necessary) way to top off a look.  No matter if you're glued to your phone screen or not, most of us stare at a computer screen throughout the day—day after day, week after week. Lets give those contacts a break and finally get rid of the frames you've had since high school (you know, the ones that you only pull out if you're in the safety of your own living room). Yes, tortoise shell is classic, but these frames (in shapes that are anything but) show your personality and bring and extra flare to your ensemble.  From the small and perfectly round Moncler specs, below, to the square and oversized Gucci glasses, theres a style out there in every shape and size, so you're sure to find ones that match your aesthetic. Below, some of the most stylish tortoise frames on the market right now.Chunky Round Tortoise Shell Sunglasses•••A version of this story appears in the October 2019 issue of Marie Claire.Subscribe here		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It begins with shoes that get you where you need to be. This is a modal window.Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window.End of dialog window.Everyone knows it's important to look the part when you walk into the office, but there's something to be said about a woman who exudes that confident style in every aspect of her life—from morning to night. One of the most crucial aspects of dressing like a boss? Having shoes that are equal parts functional and fashionable to get you all the places you need to be on any given day. Whether you're getting fresh air in the morning before a big presentation, walking into an important meeting in your office, or stepping into a bar for happy hour, there's a pair of SORELs that are perfect for the occasion. Check out the video above and see how three different pairs of Sorel shoes can take you throughout your day. Look 1: Zara Coat and Pants, Aritzia Sweater, Rebecca Minkoff Tote Bag, Vogue Eyewear Sunglasses, Kathleen Whitaker Earrings; Look 2: TommyxZendaya Blouse, Zara Suit, Mark Cross Bag, Hanes Perfect Socks, Mango Headband, Maslo Jewelry Earrings; Look 3: Maje Jacket, COS Top, & Other Stories Skirt, Urban Outfitters Socks, Demarson Earrings, Hayward Bag 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			These Betty Draper–approved fashion trends (think: fitted cardigans and ladylike kitten heels) are as stylish now as they were 70 years ago.Just like history, fashion often repeats itself. While we may not be wearing sweater sets to Tupperware parties anymore, '50s fashions are still classics, only this time around, the newest iterations have a modern twist. Don't know where to begin? The fall 2019 runways offered plenty of inspiration and easy-t0-follow criteria: accentuate your waistline, play up bright colors, and invest in a timeless string of pearls. Ahead, our list of the '50s fashion hits making a comeback and what we're buying to rock them.As seen at PradaA feminine floral motif is work- and dinner party–approved.A gold buckle belt cinches the waist just so.A bright green hue turns up the volume on this croc-embossed pencil skirt.As seen at Brock CollectionA crystal encrusted strawberry makes this necklace ever so sweet.Baroque pearls turn your average strand on its head.Pair with a white tee and voila! Instant outfit.As seen at Miu MiuA little houndstooth goes a long way with this chic mule.An extra feminine bow? Check.Hardware has our heart in this one.As seen at Paco RabanneChanneling our inner Madeline, oui?Contrast stripes take this cardi from plain to perfection.Who doesn't loved a monogrammed sweater?As seen at ChanelThis ornate hairclip will take your locks to the next level. This one? As classic as they come.This hair accessory is a trifecta of sweet, and spice, and everything nice!•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.subscribe here		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			 For the millions of converts to clothing rental platforms like Rent the Runway, Le Tote and Gwynnie Bee, trying out the latest trends without destroying the planet is a big part of the allure. I recently leased a gold sequin skirt and a ruffled red dress for date night—the kind of wear-it-once styles documented on Instagram and then tossed out—without any of the guilt I feel when buying fast fashion, which is notorious for its water pollution, labor abuses and textile waste.Over the summer, Urban Outfitters, Macy’s, Banana Republic, American Eagle, and Bloomingdale’s announced their own rental subscription services, which industry analysts clocked as a bid to appeal to conscious consumers. And in a sign of just how lucrative renting clothes has become, Le Tote is set to acquire former retail giant Lord & Taylor. But as rental fashion becomes big business, it’s worth asking: Just how sustainable is constantly borrowing clothes?The short answer, according to the half-dozen sustainability experts I spoke to for this story, is that we don’t exactly know. Despite some rental platforms advertising themselves as inherently green, there has yet to be an in-depth environmental study of their operations. And yet experts have spotted a number of environmental pitfalls in the business model, from the proliferation of energy-consuming dry cleaning facilities to carbon-spewing deliveries and returns.Every sequin skirt borrowed must be returned, which means the shipping impact of leasing your wardrobe could be neck-and-neck with that of a fast fashion shopper. Transportation is now the top source of carbon dioxide emissions in the United States, and online shopping is partly to blame. A quarter of this footprint comes from trucks doing “last-mile deliveries,” taking packages ordered online from a warehouse to your front door. And second only to manufacturing our clothes, consumer transportation has the largest footprint of our fashion habit, according to some studies. There are ways to whittle emissions out of delivery routes, including putting warehouses closer to renters and grouping returns together (or buying a fleet of electric trucks, a la Amazon). But for now “the returns and transportation activities just of moving all these clothes will definitely be higher than just regular delivery of fast fashion clothing,” says Josué Velázquez-Martínez, the executive director of MIT’s Supply Chain Management master’s program and Sustainable Logistics Initiative. According to his rough estimates, an item ordered online and then returned can emit 20 kilograms (44 pounds) of carbon each way, and spirals up to 50 kilograms for rush shipping. By comparison, the carbon impact of a pair of jeans purchased outright (presumably from a brick and mortar store) and washed and worn at home is 33.4 kilograms, according to a 2015 study commissioned by Levi’s. Most rental services ship in cardboard boxes, which have a shockingly low recycling rate.What’s more, borrowed clothes often come wrapped up like new, contributing to packaging waste. Most rental services ship in cardboard boxes, which have  a shockingly low recycling rate and require energy and water when they are. Then there’s the tissue paper that isn’t recyclable. Plus returns are sent back in a plastic bag. Rent the Runway is doing a better job than many competitors on the packaging front, shipping in custom reusable garment bags and hangers, though every item inside is wrapped in a plastic dry cleaning bag. The company recycles these for its customers, but, as Velázquez-Martínez points out, not all plastic is utilized in the recycling progress.For avid renters, free laundry is one of the perks. Rent the Runway often boasts that it’s the nation’s largest dry cleaner, and the company opened a second, 300,000-square-foot facility in Arlington, Texas last July. But the way we clean our clothes has a major environmental impact, even at home: Americans emit 40 million metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalents each year in high-heat tumble dryers, about the same amount of carbon emitted by e-commerce giant Amazon. While we don’t know the aggregate effect of the dry cleaning industry, we do know that dry cleaning requires more energy than our own laundry rooms, and that industrial dry cleaning facilities are packed with all sorts of energy-consuming equipment, from steamers and pressers to temperature-controlled storage. Rented outfits might be washed regardless of whether or not they’ve been worn, and services like Rent the Runway have the power to tip our fashion choices towards fussy, dry-clean-only items we would avoid if we were washing them ourselves.All of the major rental services deserve credit for avoiding perchloroethylene, a dry cleaning solvent that’s carcinogenic, classified as a toxic air pollutant by the EPA, and still used by 70% of the nation’s dry cleaners, according Steve Whittaker, a toxicologist with the Seattle-based Hazardous Waste Management Program. But Whittaker is also quick to note that the hydrocarbon alternatives (also called “petroleum-based” solvents) used by most rental platforms are not exactly green. They can produce hazardous waste and air pollution if not handled correctly, and they’re often paired with stain removers that are more toxic than the solvents themselves. “There is no such thing as non-hazardous dry cleaning,” he says.Rentable fashion contains the environmental risk that it will increase our appetite for clothes.There is no evidence that hydrocarbon solvents are harmful to renters or that they remain on our borrowed outfits at harmful amounts. Still, Whittaker says that the far more sustainable option is “wet cleaning,” essentially a souped-up version of home laundering that uses gentle soaps and water and is safe for most dry-clean-only clothes. Le Tote is the one rental company that confirmed it uses wet cleaning for 80 percent of its inventory, and mostly relies on biodegradable detergents. “Whenever we can avoid dry cleaning, we avoid it,” says Reshma Russell, the company’s director of quality assurance and process improvement. The wet cleaning process, the company claims, also uses less water and electricity than our own machines.As someone who has reported on the devastating impacts of fast fashion, I remain convinced that renting is a step in the right direction, and an urgently needed one. Most of the researchers I spoke to agree. Velázquez-Martínez says that he thinks that even the most avid renter is greener than a fast fashion shopper. (He is having his students study the impacts of leasing fashion this semester, which may tell us conclusively.) The reason for my confidence? Fashion’s biggest environmental crime lies in overproduction. Of the 3.3 billion tons of CO2 equivalents generated by the apparel industry every year, the majority are emitted while making more clothes, clothes that mostly end up in landfills long before their useful lives are over. Reducing the impact of industry is the most challenging part of tackling climate change; sharing clothes through rental platforms presents a simple and obvious solution.Fashion’s biggest environmental crime lies in overproduction. Maureen Sullivan, chief operating officer of Rent the Runway, says via email, “The shared economy is now being widely adopted—both among our community and across the industry—reinforcing the power of the model as an enduring behavior and an inherently more sustainable way to live.” Renting is not inherently sustainable, as I’ve pointed out. But rental platforms could be far greener than they are, investing in renewable energy for warehouses, reducing packaging waste, and switching to wet cleaning wherever possible. Shoppers, meanwhile, can do their part to not turn rental services into fast fashion with a toxic dry cleaning habit. Sharing fashion, unlike fast fashion, can be as green as consumers and rental companies want it to be. But rentable fashion contains one more environmental risk: that it will increase our appetite for clothes. Fashion rental platforms that own the clothes in circulation differ from true sharing economy platforms like, say, Airbnb or closet-swapping app Tulerie, where users own the inventory. According to Steven Curtis, a researcher at Sweden’s Lund University, companies like Rent the Runway are better described as access-based consumption platforms. This isn’t just petty semantics: “Research suggests that access-based consumption can induce more consumption as consumers have access to a greater selection of goods at a reduced price,” says Curtis. It’s called “share-washing.” Uber, for example, advertised itself as a way to share rides and curb car ownership; instead, it has been proven to discourage walking, bicycling, and public transportation use. It remains to be seen whether the rise of rental companies persuades the few remaining non-fast fashion shoppers to start dressing less sustainably, dabbling in every (increasingly short-lived) trend. All of the researchers I spoke to agreed on one thing: Wearing what’s already in your closet is the most sustainable way to get dressed.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.subscribe hereFrom: ELLE US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I call Rue from Euphoria. Before we dive into Thanksgiving and Christmas, there's another holiday to check off the list: Halloween. No matter where you're going this year, you'll be familiar with the pressure to find a costume that's somewhere between "cool but obscure" and "done to death." I'm here to take some of that weight off your shoulders: Drawing from some of the most talked-about shows and movies of 2019, I've compiled a small, but mighty, list of trendy 2019 Halloween costumes you can proudly wear and 'gram on October 31.Most people tend to fall into two categories on Halloween: The ones who go all out, and the ones who don a cat-ear headband for the hundredth time. Armed with the inspo below, you definitely won't be the latter. Pay homage to the woman who made you clean out your closet, reorganize your shirt drawer, and declutter your life for the better. The world was taken with Marie Kondo's soft mannerisms and truly impeccable organizational skills. Her iconic white cardigan, floral skirt, and tights ensemble is easy to pull off and after October 31, the separates can be re-worn with other items in your wardrobe. Carry around containers, as Marie often does when she arrives for those home visits. Does this outfit bring us joy? Most definitely.I will be out of town for Halloween this year but if I wasn't, I'd dress up as Ali Wong's character in Always Be My Maybe. Not only was this film funny, but it also placed Asians, who are often excluded from the rom-com narrative, in leading roles. Ali Wong brought her usual comedic swag to the film while Iranian-American film maker Nahnatchka Khan made her feature directorial debut with this film. Wong's outfit is simple to re-create (you can DIY those hearts on a white tee, if you wanted) and this is a genius couples costume without being overly cute.Name a more badass or memorable woman than Hannah B on last season's The Bachelorette. The former pageant queen unwittingly became a feminist force on national television and though she didn't end up finding a husband (pffft, men), she has earned a new badge as a trailblazer for women amongst the Bachelor community. For the single ladies of the group (or Bachelorette fanatics), channel your inner Hannah B by dressing up in white and carrying around a single rose.Since all your friends are talking about Euphoria, use it as inspiration for a costume on October 31. Tap into your best angsty teenage self and dress up as the show's protagonist, Rue. Her style consists of oversize hoodies and button-down mens-inspired shirts—comfy casual separates you'd stay home and watch Netflix HBO in. Just don't get into any trouble with law enforcement or drug dealers on Halloween, kay?On the opposite end of the tomboy spectrum is Maddy, whose only require for clothes is the more skin, the better. Fans will recognize this outfit from season 1 episode 4, where Maddy takes molly, finds out her boyfriend's family actually hates her, and then gets choked by said boyfriend (Nate, you asshole). Though she is far from perfect, like everyone else on the show, her unique style and 'tude deserves some recognition too.What caught my attention in this movie—aside from Chris Hemsworth and Tessa Thompson—were Agent M's combat boots. They looked cool and fabulous with her black and white suit. She is your spirit animal if you love badass female characters and "borrowed from the boys" when it comes to clothes. Did anyone else get chills (and/or cry) while watching Miley perform "Slide Away" at the 2019 VMAs? Miley stans will love her performance outfit: a sexy little black minidress with heels and a ton of chainlink jewelry. The VMAs was not only her first public appearance at a major event post-breakup, but also the first time she made it clear that she is hanging out with Kaitlynn Carter. And yes, they're not afraid to show some PDA.In the second season of Big Little Lies, we're introduced to Mary Louise Wright, Celeste's mother-in-law, who might even be scarier than Streep's previous alter ego Miranda Priestly. Mary Louise was known for poking her nose into everyone's business (granted, her son did die in a questionable "accidental" death) and wore the most buttoned-up ensembles imaginable. From her trench coats to button-up shirts, plus grandma cardigans, Streep's character was a... character. Grab the Hopper to your Joyce and dress up as the couple we're all still rooting for in Stranger Things (spoiler: I'm choosing to believe he is still alive). There's nothing more fitting on a spooky holiday than to dress up as these two heroes who fight alongside their children to defeat and save the town from the Mind Flayer and Demogorgons. Everyone, including Joe Jonas and Sophie Turner, got worked up over their 'Señorita' performance at the VMAs. Whether or not these two are actually an item remains to be seen. But they don't need to be an official couple for you and your SO to dress up and channel the same energies they displayed on stage. Bonus points if one of you can sing and play the guitar.You might have rolled your eyes at this song when it first came out, but a week in and you were blasting this on repeat. Dig out your old cowboy gear and repurpose them for your "Old Town Road" outfits. To prove that you're not just any cowboy/cowgirl, make sure this song is blasting throughout the night from your iPhone or Halloween playlist.Speaking of the yeehaw agenda, there's perhaps no better representative for all things country than Houston's very own Megan thee Stallion. This costume isn't for the weak of heart (or knees), but if there's any day that it would be acceptable to don a pair ass-less chaps in order to channel your inner hot girl, it's Halloween!  Doesn't matter if you're a lifelong soccer fanatic with the childhood scars to prove it or just a woman who loves seeing women win—you definitely tuned in to watch the USWNT's 2-0 victory over the Netherlands in the 2019 FIFA Women's World Cup. This year, kick off (sorry) your Halloween festivities with a tribute to Megan Rapinoe and the squad.Game of Thrones officially ended in 2019, so this might be one of your last chances to dress up as a favorite character. Though Nathalie Emmanuel's character Missandei met an unfortunate death, she was a warrior nonetheless. You'll stand out in the crowd among all the White Walker costumes. (He's overrated.)If you're looking for costumes that don't skimp on patterns or colors, turn your attention to Rocketman. Elton John is a legend, and this biographical musical film received rave reviews. One of our favorite looks is this striped suit, though his stage outfits deserve to be recreated too. It's been months since the nightmare that was Jordan Peele's Us premiered in theaters, but the fear factor of Red and the rest of the Tethers is as strong as if we watched the film yesterday. Take spooky szn to the next level by strolling through town in her signature red jumpsuit—don't forget your scissors and throaty growl.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Stick a cup of hot cider in my hand and put me in front of a fireplace.Rather than inform you it's #sweaterweather—that's a no-brainer, it's already fall and winter is fast approaching—we'll skip ahead to help you find the cozy staple of your dreams. For anyone on a budget, or shoppers with a keen interest in scoring the best deals, we looked to Amazon for all of your sweater needs. We did our best to find tops with an interesting design that still feel wearable—and if you want simplicity, we found some everyday basics to boot. The only thing better than scoring an affordable find is receiving said find in 48 hours via Prime.Every closet needs that one basic sweater for fall/winter. This is it. The sweater is 100 percent cotton, and comes in 10 different colors; one reviewer said the top was "functional and easy to style" while another customer said the one caveat is sizing. The fit appears to vary from person to person, depending on your body type.Plush, cozy, and sexy—those are the three adjectives that reviewers use most to describe this crisscross sweater. You can purchase it in a solid color or buy one adorned with fake pearls, though the solids are easier to maintain. (Pearls will invariably fall off.) And every time you wiggle out of your winter coat, you'll know that the sweater's distinct back will be a crowd pleaser.This sweater is an Amazon best seller, with over 1,600 reviews; its fans rave about the warmth and the oversize fit. Personally, I think the baggy style (size down if you want it less loose) is perfectly optimized for all those upcoming holiday meals. Wear yours off the shoulder for a slightly sexier feel—but one that won't offend your grandmother at the dinner table.Neutral sweaters aren't the most exciting winter pieces, right? Well, all that changes if a neutral color, like this cream shade, is paired with a slightly darker yet still-wearable hue like copper. Style with black skinny jeans or layer over a long silk dress.The kind of sweater you'll reach for without even thinking about it. The silhouette runs long to hug your butt, but will definitely shrink if you wash it and put it in a dryer (naturally). To keep it in its oversize condition, you should let it air-dry. Wear with brown over-the-knee boots.This J.Crew sweater is on the thinner side, which makes it easily layer-able underneath your itchier wool tops and summertime spaghetti strap dresses. Already have enough black tops? This sweater also comes in a "brilliant sapphire" blue color.This sweater looks ordinary at first...until your eyes travel down to the sleeves. They're decorated with slightly fuzzy mohair details that make you want to run your hands over them. Thanks to this little design, the top makes for a good photo op. And, judging from the outfit snapshots from customers, it looks good on camera.A color-block sweater that comes in four color variations, so you never run out of options. The overall consensus on this top from reviewers: It's cute and beautiful, and at a digestible price point. If you find your sweater running on the larger end and don't want to exchange it for another size, take one reviewer's suggestion and tuck it into mom jeans.People who bought this top remarked on its softness, almost shockingly good quality (no itchy arms here), and the faux wrap sleeves. The sweater comes in six colors, so if you really love it, buy one more. We support you. Your new favorite chunky sweater goes well with leggings or skinny jeans, according to those who already have it. That's cool, because we practically live in those two bottoms for the season. If you want to stand out, get the lilac color. If you want to blend in, opt for a gray.Put a cup of hot cider in my hand and stick me in front of a fireplace. If you need a good holiday-esque top to snuggle up into while you're chilling with the family, this is our pick. Those who bought it said it's "soft" and "beautiful." •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Prepare to fall in love with everything. Like many people, I have a habit of browsing Instagram for at least 20 minutes before I fall asleep. I catch up on all the day's memes, Nat Geo posts, bloggers' outfits of the day, engagement posts, and so on. More often than not, I end up in a deep fashion hole, tapping on product links and checking out what my favorite fashionistas are buying or wearing, hoping to find hidden gems. This was how I stumbled upon the store Shop Pêche. The e-commerce site (there's also a brick-and-mortar store in Williamsburg, Brooklyn) carries more than 20 different Korean brands and offers minimalist clothes, shoes, and handbags. All the Shop Pêche pieces are sourced by 28-year-old Jiwon Eom, who travels back and forth from South Korea to retrieve the garments from local brands. She keeps the prices low, "nothing is over $200," she tells me, and announces new items, which come in limited quantities, via social media to her 14.2k (and growing) followers. Today 11-7 💖A post shared by  Pêche [pesh] (@shop_peche) on Jun 23, 2019 at 9:12am PDT Shop Pêche, which launched online in 2017, is a reflection of Eom's nostalgia for wearable, everyday fashion from her home country. She moved to the States when she was 16, and studied garment production and international trade at the Fashion Institute of Technology before landing a corporate role with a sportswear company. "I've loved shopping since I was young, but I lost the joy of that when I've moved to New York," Eom says. "Things I wanted to wear were so expensive and my only option was fast fashion, but then I would see multiple people wearing the same outfit as me, on the same days. I wanted to offer something new that's between contemporary brands and fast fashion." What started as a side hustle is now a full-fledge production. Eom quit her job last summer to run the Shop Pêche website and physical store, which opened in January 2019, full time. "We have a couple of loyal customers who visit literally every week just to see what new items are in the store," she says. "Our most popular items are the shoes, and I'm currently working hard to add more clothes online." Already, you'll find fashion girls like Alyssa Coscarelli and Vivid Wu scooping up key basics, like a printed top or pair of pants. "I try to pick pieces that you can style with so many options, so that people don't even notice if you wear it three or four days in a row," says Eom.   brooklyn! 🏁A post shared by  alyssa coscarelli (@alyssainthecity) on Aug 31, 2019 at 12:19pm PDT ♡ • sitting like a lady but a wild kid at heart • #wallhappenedtome #wconcept #amomento #paulandalice #shoppeche #pixiemarket #ootd #wiwt #vsco #vscocam #vividngA post shared by  Vivid Wu (@vivid) on Jul 7, 2019 at 9:05pm PDT outtakes paris 2019A post shared by  MARIA SIVAKOVA LI (@thelittlemodel_) on Oct 9, 2019 at 1:09pm PDTEom plans to continue expanding her business with the help of her husband, but for now she is happy to wear many hats. You can catch her posting new drops to Instagram or helping customers check out their purchases at the Williamsburg store (she doesn't have a sales associate just yet). Ummm, are you hiring, Eom?For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's practical, too.It’s not ideal to watch the clock while you’re catching up with old friends, but since time is of the essence when hopping from holiday party to party, it's wise to invest in a chic accessory to make travel time easy. Case in point, Citizen Watch's range of stylish timepieces.And, as the five outfits below demonstrate, styling these watches into on-trend, occasion-ready outfits is easy, inspired, and versatile enough to keep up with all your plans.   Lean into the metallics trend in a major way by combining party-ready chainmail designs with a watch in a coordinating silver or gold finish.Paco Rabanne top, $1,780, netaporter.com; Citizen Capella watch, $825, kay.com; CZ By Kenneth Jay Lane ring, czbykennethjaylane.com; Agmes earrings, agmesnyc.com; Jennifer Fisher bracelet, jenniferfisherjewelry.com. Employ a bit of creative stacking and fasten your watch over a long, ruched sleeve. Not only is it a little unexpected, but your jewelry will pop even more against this brightly colored background.Isabel Marant top, $685, barneys.com; Citizen Ceci watch, $495, kay.com; Alighieri earrings, shop.alighieri.co.uk.Special occasions are perfect for breaking out the statement bijoux, but don’t let that stop you from layering classics as well. Punch up a clean-lined, square frame watch with a bold cocktail ring for a combination that delivers lots of shine.Paco Rabanne dress, $670; Citizen Bianca watch, $425, kay.com; F + H hoops, $95; R.J. Graziano ring.Ugly sweaters are far from the only holiday party theme. Instead, opt for a print that feels on-trend and festive, such as this one that combines gold chainlinks and hoops. Match your accessories  with oversized earrings and a round face watch with diamond encrusted detailing.Jonathan Simkhai jumpsuit, jonathansimkhai.com; Citizen Capella watch, $875, kay.com; Attico earrings; Aurate ring, $120; Stella & Dot ring.For a party-hopping night that includes an office party, drinks at your bestie’s apartment, and dinner with your bf, stick to pieces that fit all manners of occasion: architectural jewelry, a minimal watch with just a hint of sparkle, and a sleek tuxedo jacket that’ll impress your boss and your most casual acquaintances alike.A.L.C. blazer, $695; Citizen Ceci watch, $450, kay.com; MM Druck earrings, $184; Reliquia ring; Lady Grey ring.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Boots! Heels! Sandals! As far as we're concerned, fall is the unofficial season of awesome Anthropologie sales. It feels as if every time we log onto the site we are pleasantly surprised with a new string of discounts. This weekend, the retailer is offering an extra 40 percent off its sale section. While there are plenty of great discounts on clothes, beauty supplies, and home decor, we'll be spending our money in the shoe department this time around. For those in desperate need of stylish booties, flats, and party shoes for the chilly months ahead, start your weekend on the right foot (sorry, had to) with these swoon-worthy pairs, below. Since size and stock is already selling out, we recommend adding your favorite styles to your cart...stat.$120$47.97Available in three classic colors, these flats are versatile enough to be worn with jeans, a flowy dress, or business casual attire.$145$53.97Found: A ridiculously stylish pair of heels to wear to your office holiday party.  $110$49.97Keds captures Rifle Paper Co.'s sweet aesthetic perfectly with these cute kicks. Trust us, you'll receive plenty of compliments the moment you slip 'em on. $130$47.97 Move over, leopard midi skirts: It's all about the leopard heels now. $397$167.97Pro tip: Buy these sandals on sale now and rock them next spring. You'll have to wait a few months to show them off, but they'll be worth the wait. $190$71.97If you ask us, a pair of heeled booties is a must-have once the temperature begins to drop.$130$47.97We love how this office-friendly silhouette is reimagined in a fun pink hue, and this pair is on sale for less than $50. Elle Woods would definitely approve.  $253$101.97With a suede outline and perforated detailing, this pair of booties will give your standard Chelsea boots a run for their money. $170$70.80New Year's Eve called, and it wants you to wear these sparkling stilettos on December 31. •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			There are two types of winter dressing: the kind where you casually walk outside looking like a wrapped burrito, and the other where you're brave enough to wear that cropped jacket during a 30-degree wind chill because "it looks cute!" As the cold weather quickly approaches, find a happy medium with these stylish winter coats, below. Luxurious, classic, and a steal. What else could you ask for in this printed Zara number?Hiding from your ex on the subway? Look no further. This down parka will not only help you hide from unwanted conversation, but keep you warm no matter the temperature.The internet is obsessed with Amazon's Orolay jacket that went viral last winter. It has over 7,000 reviews and 4.2/5 stars, mainly for its warmth and affordability. So what if you and your friend's friend have the same jacket? The price alone is a steal. Your friend will spot you a block away while you're wearing this water-resistant goose-down puffer jacket, which isn't the worst case scenario when you're trudging through the snow that's starting to block your vision. Too soon? Flannel lovers, unite! This Sandro jacket can go from city living to cozy cabin. The added fringe details gives it a little extra flare.The Arrivals' suede Moto Jacket is going to make you wish it'll never be summer again.No white after Labor Day? Think again with this gorgeous wool blend coat.The leopard midi skirt's older sister has returned from her six-month sabbatical. For an eco-friendly option, choose Michael Kors' oversized faux-fur style. J.Crew's Naples Yellow Wool Coat will bring out the sun, no matter what Mother Nature has in store. This coat is made a Italian wool and is that perfect pop of color we all need. Got a case of the Mondays? Throw on this blanket coat and it'll feel like you never left your bed.When a winter day feels more like a fall day (thanks, global warming), Anthro's plaid wool coat—equipped with a hood!—will look perfect over a light turtleneck and jeans. Suddenly it's possible to be warm and look professional in IRO's mid-length checkered coat that will be mistaken for vintage more often than not. Put on this gorgeous faux shearling coat, and you'll feel like you never left your bed in the morning. It may be shapeless but it's also reversible (!), which means your co-workers will never be able to tell you've been wearing the same coat everyday for the past three months. Plus, look at that neck coverage. That once-in-a-lifetime Prada houndstooth coat you know you'll keep forever? Yeah, this is it. Walking rug or teddy coat? It won't even matter once January hits. Throw on this coat for a quick errand run or over a leather jacket thanks to its maximum layering capabilities. At a reasonable price point, Everlane's cocoon coat is equally stylish as it is functional, making it the obvious choice to wear to dinner and drinks straight from the office. It's my birthday and I can wear a cropped puffer jacket if I want to...even if it's 20 degrees outside. Excuse me while I gently rub this soft brown coat forever. For less than $150, you can't go wrong with this pick.•••For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			One editor, four styles.  Meet the hardest-working accessory in your dresser: tights. If you don’t already own a go-to pair or you could use more in your rotation, fall is the perfect time to grab some new high-quality options. Not sure where to start? Calzedonia tights are not only functional for cold weather, but the simple staple can easily elevate any outfit. Need inspo? Below, Marie Claire's fashion news editor Marina Liao shows how to style four different pairs of tights for the office. 1. White tights and camel coat Black opaque tights may be your go-to for the office, but white looks especially chic beneath something with a camel or tan color. Not to mention, these tights are made with a soft-touch microfiber, so you'll be comfortable all day. Pro tip: Wear your favorite coat as a belted dress, like Marina, with the white tights peeking out. Round out the look with a pair of snakeskin boots.Calzedonia soft touch tights, $9; Merlette coat, $980; Vince boots, $4502. Black skirt and white sweaterPatterned tights always make a statement, but if you're looking for a more subtle approach, take note. Here, Marina pairs black Calzedonia zigzag tights with an asymmetrical ruched skirt. A chunky white sweater adds texture and elevates the outfit to a more business-casual look.Calzedonia zig zag tights, $15; Staud sweater, $210; By Malene Birger midi skirt, $325; By Far shoes, $475; Completed Works earrings; Edas bag, $603. Blazer dressA tailored blazer-dress calls for equally luxe tights, and the soft, fine wool in cashmere will keep you warm on chilly commutes to work. Add a pair of heels to elevate the look (and give yourself a few inches). Calzedonia cashmere tights, $20; Tibi dress, $795; By Far heels, $485; Alexis Bittar earrings, $101.504. Burgundy sweater and skirtTo keep the focus on a tonal look, go totally sheer with your tights—try this seamless pair with a comfort waistband. On top, play with a variety of textures, like Marina's knit sweater, satin skirt, and leather boots. Calzedonia sheer matte tights, $15; Vince tunic, $395 and boots, $450; Petite Studio skirt, $179; Demarson earrings, $215		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The chic, comfy flats are beloved by celebs like Katie Holmes and Jameela Jamil.One of Meghan Markle's most beloved pairs of flats—ones that she's even worn to the beach on tour in Australia—is from iconic brand Rothy's. Their shoes are 100 percent sustainable (with uppers made from recycled plastic water bottles) and, even better, machine washable. Fans of the brand, royal and non-royal alike, now have another terrific reason to shop—the Marta Ferri x Rothy's collaboration just launched this past Wednesday. Thus far the shoes are proving wildly popular (the brand has had to put a limit on how many pairs any one person can buy of any color, so act fast). Like all Rothy's shoes, the new, limited edition collection of six flats and loafers are sustainable and machine-washable. They're made with Rothy's newest material, sustainable merino wool, alongside their traditional thread from plastic. They've also used vegan leather accents for the first time ever—making them softer and warmer than classic styles. The result is a colorful style that's perfect for the fall weather. In my mind, Markle's browsing the collection on her laptop from the comfort of Frogmore Cottage, selecting a few to pair perfectly with her favorite neutral outfits. And, because I know what you like, here's the image of Markle on tour in Australia with the practical pair, which was smart because she totally got sand in her shoes and probably just threw them in the wash after. You can ALSO shop this original style, either with the traditional thread OR merino wool.Markle's not the only one to adore Rothy's. In addition to, you know, me—I have several pairs and am eyeballing several more—Katie Holmes, Jameela Jamil, Stella Maxwell, and Chanel Iman are just a couple other celebs who've worn the shoes recently.Ferri is an Italian dress designer who's friends with Rothy's creative director Erin Lowenberg, in part because they're both moms and designers. Ferri even models her own designs: Like the badass she so clearly is. Aaaand I've just added the entire new collection to my shopping cart, oops.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I'm moving in.Here's another reason for both New Yorkers and out-of-towners to hit up the Central Park area: Nordstrom's new flagship store, located on 57th Street and Broadway, is a mere few blocks away from the NYC landmark. The 320,000 square-foot seven-story space boasts all your favorite brands and comes equipped with seven restaurants and bars. To celebrate this momentous occasion, Nordstrom threw an exclusive party on Tuesday night for the fashion crowd. Guests like Maggie Gyllenhaal, Katie Holmes, Olivia Wilde, and Joan Smalls enjoyed light bites and drinks as they explored special in-store activations like bag customization stations and kid-friendly conveyor belt giveaways. Performers included Kitty Cash and DJ Lady Bunny, with a special encore by The Roots. If you weren't able to make it and had a slight pang of sadness on missing out, good news: The store is now officially open to everyone. Check out some images from the flagship store, so you know what to expect before you head out the door. I will see you there because I am moving in.The lower level is where you'll start your shopping journey:You'll find some of your beloved luxury brands when you wander around:I am really into this sitting situation inside the Burberry concept space:The Nike lounge is a must-visit:When you're tired from shopping, grab a bite or drink at one of the seven restaurants:And, right across the street is Nordstrom Men's so your significant other doesn't feel left out. (Thanks for holding the bags, babe.)For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Nobody will go home disappointed. White elephant gift exchanges are fun in theory...until you end up with a heinous gag gift that has no practical use. Meanwhile, your cousin Ashley unwrapped her cool, new Polaroid Instant Camera. To make the exchanges fair and satisfying this season, here are 21 gifts you (and everyone else) will actually want. Trust me, no one will go home disappointed this season.  For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here).Designed by Dusen Dusen for Areaware, this 500-piece puzzle doubles as artwork once it's completed. The colors are bold and pigmented, adding just the necessary hues to brighten up your living room or bedroom walls. Massages are a luxury, given the time constraints we're all under with work and life. If you didn't have time to hit up your favorite masseuse, treat yourself to a few minutes of self-care before bed with this vibrating head massager. It makes all the difference. Malin + Goetz products are cult favorites in the beauty industry, so anyone will be stoked to receive a sampler of their products. This travel-friendly body wash and body lotion set has the scent of rum but don't worry, it's not overpowering. Everyone needs bookends, so this item won't turn away heads at the gifting reveal. Everyone, from your mom to your cousins will love the slate gray color with a hint of gold lines. No matter how hard you squeeze this ball (balloon), it'll revert back to its original shape. The stress reliever is perfect to have on your desk when you're feeling a little tense. And at $8 a pop, you can afford to splurge on a few more for these for the white elephant event. Because honestly, everyone in the office needs one. Cut down on the time it takes to make eggs with this easy-to-use cooker. Simply pop in a few eggs, press the button, and walk away to brush your teeth and freshen up for work. Once the alarm rings, you'll come back to perfectly cooked hardboiled eggs for your avo toast. This contraption also makes omelettes and poached eggs.First, LOL at the name wine condoms. Second, these rubber coverings are actually genius and highly practical for those of us who drink wine on the weekdays. When you can't finish that bottle (it's a Tuesday night, after all), cover it with one of these wine condoms and save for the next night. Getting a white elephant gift that suits everyone in the office is a difficult task, so when in doubt opt for this Burt's Bees lotion, hand cream, and chapstick set. Not only is it unisex-friendly but everyone can benefit from some extra moisturizing in the wintertime.  You weren't so good at sticking to budget this year because of all your random lunch runs. Do better in 2020 with this book on how to whip up satisfyingly delicious bowls. Forget the $15 over-priced bowls from the hip-trendy spot next door, you'll prefer the homemade stuff.The perfect disguise for drinking wine at work (kidding!!). This insulated wine glass will keep any drink chill, or warm, which makes it perfect for those cold mornings when you're craving a hot cup of coffee or tea.Before you say, ugh another candle, take a good look at this one. The odd misshapen candle is kind of weird and ugly to the point that it's actually cool and cute. Whoever picks this up won't be disappointed by its one-of-a-kind shape.We could all use a little boost in spirituality for the new year, and this set of stones will help guide you to your zen. Carry them with you or keep them on your desk. Each stone has a different meaning, for example, amethyst symbolizes wisdom, clarity, and protection while crystal quartz brings direction, clarity, and protection from negative energy.Instead of putting your iPhone into a cup to amplify the sound (desperate times calls for desperate measures), use this portable speaker. Now you can blast your favorite hits whether you're chilling in an Airbnb rental or on the beach.Congrats to the lucky duck who snags this gift from the bag. This eight-inch pan comes in an adorable mint green shade and makes a single-serving size waffle for when you want a quick bite before work.  Give your harried coworkers the gift of sleeping in. With this silky eye mask, that Saturday morning sunshine creeping through their curtains will be no bother. Blue should suit everyone just fine.Once all the presents are unwrapped, everyone will wish they'd picked this gift. The tea set, while packaged nicely, isn't just about looks, it tastes pretty damn good too. (Spoiler alert: I already have two boxes at home.)Try plowing through these trivia questions as you sip your coffee in the mornings. At night, when you have guests over, divide into teams and see who can answer the most cards correctly. Losers take shots. (Okay fine, one shot.)Cards Against Humanity is a modern classic, but your friend group will quickly abandon it for this winner. The game is all about mastery of the English language as spymasters offer one-word clues that could indicate several potential words on the table, which you'll then have to ID. Luck or skill? This game is both.You might think a three-pack toothpaste set would fall more toward the boring end of the spectrum, but this high-end hipster-approved stuff will go fast, you'll see. They're travel-friendly, too.Impress your guests with your seemingly vast knowledge of cocktails this holiday season. This drinking guide featuring libations that require just three ingredients is your best-kept secret to crafting delectable drinks with minimal effort.Every block is printed with a challenge and, should you lose, you'll have to take a shot. Stay in on a Saturday night to play with friends or get a quick game in before you head to your favorite bar. I'm already obsessed with this.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Look luxe without the exotic price tag.Fake it till you make it…or just fake it all together. Trendy faux reptile footwear looks luxe without the exotic price tag and the texture has taken the fashion world by storm. But mock croc is much more than just a trend—it reflects the shift in our buying habits. Consumers are more aware of what we buy and where it comes from, looking for products that are ethically sourced with minimal environmental impact. Fashion houses have taken note. In 2018, Chanel announced that they would stop manufacturing products made from exotic skins entirely. Other designers quickly followed suit.  But the desire for the appearance of these elegant pieces didn't fade, hence these lookalike versions. I’d be lying to you if I said I hadn't debated blowing my paycheck on a pair of the Paris Texas boots. But there are plenty of colors and styles to choose from. Shop my picks, below. These Paris Texas croc boots are EVERYWHERE. I need them, you need them, everyone needs them. These Schutz slingback pumps are perfect for the office. They are comfortable, appropriate, and above all super on-trend. Leave it to one of Copenhagen's coolest brands to combine two of the hottest trends into one: the mock croc cowboy boot. These splurge-worthy Jimmy Choo booties will quickly become a staple in your wardrobe. One word to define these Prada mary jane pumps: chic. Pair these bad boys with a power suit and cue your favorite boss b***ch anthem. You don't need to break the bank to get this trend. These & Other Stories knee-high boots are the perfect alternative to the Paris Texas boots above. The glossy croc-effect leather and the lace up detail make them stand out in a sea of black Chelsea boots. The block heel makes them wearable and comfortable.Spice up your wardrobe with these red-hot slingback pumps. The bold color and fun texture will make you the center of attention.   Another work-friendly shoe for all my bosses out there! The low heel is perfect for running from meeting to meeting.  While the mock croc elevates this sensible style. These menswear-inspired loafers are the perfect finishing touch to the fall uniform (great jeans, crisp white button down, blazer).These sexy Saint Laurent booties are just begging for a night out on the town. Say hello to your new going out shoe!This green is DIVINE, such rich fall color. But, if isn't your vibe, the Jimmy Choo mock croc comes in great neutrals as well. •••A version of this story appears in the October 2019 issue of Marie Claire.subscribe here		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Consider it a mid-week miracle. Whether you’re in the market for a fresh pair of white sneakers, sweatpants that are acceptable to wear outside the house, or a sleek backpack for commuting from the office to the gym, Adidas has something for everybody (including those recently-revived pool slides you wore back in middle school—chic!). And from now until October 24, the brand is offering 20 percent off of all that and more with the promo code "FALLSALE." Since the sale ends tomorrow, we did the work for you and rounded up our favorite deals, below. $130$104With a sock-like fit and a cushioned midsole, these sneakers deftly strike a balance between form and function. $30$24Raise your hand if you owned these slides back in the late '90s? Well, good news: They’re making a comeback. $45$36These sweatpants are practically begging for a Netflix and chill session.  $110$88Go ahead, give your outfit a stylish flair with Adidas’ iconic Stan Smith sneakers. $20$16Can you ever have too many pairs of workout socks? We don’t think so.  $150$120Winter is coming, and this plush jacket will keep you warm all season long.  $230$184Sneakers, but make 'em fashion. Fun fact: Stella McCartney co-designed this pair of Ultraboosts. $25$20Not only will this sports bra give you plenty of support, but you'll actually want to show it off during that hot yoga class.  $100$80Psst...this gym bag can also double as a carry-on for a long weekend out of town. $50$40If you want to treat the special guy in your life to some new threads, feast your eyes on this sleek and cozy track jacket. He's likely going to wear this everywhere—and we mean everywhere.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The celebrity stylist said she was "thrilled" to team up with the luxury brand. The best part of the holidays isn't just spending time with your loved ones (and indulging in feasts!), but also getting dressed up in your most festive attire. With so many company parties, family gatherings, and even weddings to attend this season, it's important to have the right dresses, shoes, and bags. Brahmin has the latter covered with its newest holiday accessories launch, which dropped Wednesday morning.The luxury retailer partnered with celebrity stylist Micaela Erlanger (she's dressed everyone from Meryl Streep and Lupita Nyong’o to Common) to conceptualize and release five different handbag styles, ranging from printed satchels to mini-structured top handle totes. The price of the bags range from $315 to $595, and the pieces can work for day or night. Though Micaela's collection launched with the holidays in mind, you could easily rework a tote like this one for the office after the festivities are over.If you've already maxed out closet space for yourself this year, consider gifting one of these bags, which are either part of Micaela's capsule collection or picked by her from the brand's Winter '19 collection, to your mom, sister, or BFF. You're guaranteed to end up on everyone's nice list. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Who could forget Zendaya's Poison Ivy gown?Before the next round of award shows begin, we're taking a trip down memory lane and revisiting the most memorable red carpet outfits of 2019. From the Grammys to the Met Gala, and every film festival in between, there were countless celebrity looks that made our jaws drop out of sheer admiration. Some of our absolute favorites include Blake Lively's yellow dress (that's when she debuted her baby bump!) and Cardi B's pearl-themed Grammys outfit. Join us to relive some of the best red carpet ensembles ever, ahead.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here).The singer arrived at the Vanity Fair Oscar After-Party in a glittery high-low dress from Zuhair Murad Couture. The gown gave off glamorous under-the-sea vibes and suited the nighttime festivities. Kendall skipped the actual award show red carpet, but came to the Oscars after-party in this dangerously-revealing Rami Kadi dress. How does one rock this dress with undergarments? You don't. She also wore Alevi Milano shoes.Dresses are overrated sometimes, we know. Zoë Kravitz picked a gold bralette from Tiffany & Co. and paired it with a Saint Laurent skirt, shoes, and bag for her Oscars after-party look. This ensemble was a look only Kravitz could pull off.This magenta gown is perfect for hiding food babies and feeling comfortable, thanks to the voluminous silhouette. It even had pockets! Chan stunned in the color, making a splash on the Oscars red carpet.The singer very rarely pops up on major red carpets, but showed up to the Cannes Film Festival in this pale pink two-piece Louis Vuitton set and Bulgari jewels. Gomez looked like a true Hollywood starlet.The actress, hands down, took best-dressed at the Cannes Film Festival; she debuted one amazing look after another. Our personal favorite was this jacquard gown with rose rampage and pistachio lace encrustations (fancy) from Valentino Haute Couture. The sweet braids helped complete the romantic and ethereal look.The actress arrived on the Oscars red carpet in a metallic silver Celine dress with a thigh-high slit, which showed off her Jimmy Choo shoes, and a plunging back. She looked regal and elegant.The actress and her stylist Jason Bolden continue to take risks with her fashion, and the looks always pay off. Case in point, this Fendi Couture catsuit from the house's fall 2018 collection. Yara wore it with a transparent tulle dress with a bejeweled collar and hundreds of Cartier crystals. The Duchess of Sussex has a soft spot for McQueen creations when it comes to important events. Here, she wore a one-shoulder gown from the fashion house when she attended the BAFTAs at Royal Albert Hall in London with Prince William. The Duchess, who usually opts for more conservative pieces, looked modern and gorgeous with this bare-shoulder moment.After-parties at the Oscars call for more fun ensembles, and this see-through dress by Yanina Couture hits the mark. Roberts looked like a radiant diamond, and the pop of red lip gave off old Hollywood vibes. The actress channeled Poison Ivy at the Emmys in an emerald Vera Wang corset dress that draped at the waist. She continued the monochrome vibe with satin emerald green pumps by Brian Atwood. She won best-dressed that night in our books. The singer stuck with a classic white dress for the SAG Awards, choosing a haute couture look from Dior. She accessorized with Tiffany & Co Blue Book collection jewelry and white Jimmy Choo shoes. A vampy dark lip and smokey eyes kept the outfit from looking too sweet and angelic. The actress wore a custom Michael Kors dress to the SAG Awards and carried a Jimmy Choo clutch. It was a winning look for the actress, who also won an award that night for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Supporting Role in A Quiet Place. Only a few actors break out of the black tux mold on the red carpet. Timothee Chalamet is one of them. The 23-year-old actor is one of Hollywood's best-dressed male stars as evidenced by this silver Haider Ackermann ensemble with black boots at the Venice Film Festival. As the face of Chanel's Gabrielle fragrance, the actress repped the fashion house at just about every red carpet event in 2019. Here, she stunned in a white and gold column Chanel dress with a plunging neckline at the SAGs. Though Emma Stone can rock a gown with the best of them, she'll sometimes choose a pair of trousers. The actress showed up to the SAGs in this intricate Louis Vuitton blouse with black pants. The outfit was different, but still felt formal enough for the big night. One of the most memorable televised moments in 2019 was when Camila Cabello wore this Balmain dress and performed on stage with Shawn Mendes to their song "Señorita" at the 2019 MTV Video Music Awards. She looked like an angel-slash-goddess and their fans, of course, freaking out appropriately at the duo's chemistry and looks on stage. The singer arrived to the MTV Video Music Awards in a printed Versace blazer dress and thigh-high black boots. The rather colorful ensemble set the stage for the performer to debut similar pieces when she performed at the awards show. The model arrived to the 2019 MTV Video Music Awards in a two-piece Charlotte Knowles set with Gianvito Rossi shoes. Hello, major abs moment. The Kardasian-Jenner clan popped up at the Emmys, much to everyone's surprise. While Kim went for a more understated black dress, Kendall wore a black liquid-like bodysuit under a bold floral gown. The Richard Quinn look was unforgettable.  So Miley didn't exactly walk the red carpet in this look, but the reason was understandable. The singer made a last-minute appearance to the show not long after the news broke about her and Liam Hemsworth's split. She performed "Slide Away" in a simple black minidress and heels. The singer practically broke the internet with her abs in this Moschino by Jeremy Scott top and skirt at the Billboard Music Awards. Cardi B channeled genie-in-a-bottle vibes.If you didn't already know, the actress is a Chanel girl (she has appeared in their fragrance campaigns). She traded in her typically more masculine silhouettes for this feminine pink gown at the Venice Film Festival. The fuchsia lace bustier dress was from the fall/winter 2019 Haute Couture collection. This yellow Retrofête dress will always be remembered as the lewk that Blake wore to debut her baby bump at her husband's movie premiere in NYC. She gave birth to her third child, a baby girl, in October. How to make a black dress a little more interesting: add a giant bow to the shoulder. Ciara wore this Stéphane Rolland fall 2018 haute couture design to the Billboard Music Awards. The gown was the perfect mix of elegance and flare for the red carpet.Jennifer Lopez, in Ralph and Russo, and Lady Gaga, in Celine by Hedi Slimane, posing together at the Grammys. That's all we have to say, folks.Usually, there are one or two outfits at the Grammys that make you do a double take. Katy Perry was wearing one of them. She arrived to the Grammys in this Balmain dress that reminded us of...a (very delicious) pink frosted cupcake. No one could hold a match to Cardi B's over-the-top oyster shell ensemble from Mugler at the Grammys. (Sorry, Katy.) The singer even wore a headpiece made of pearls to drive home the point. There were so many good looks at this year's Met Gala, one of them Serena's yellow Atelier Versace dress covered in pink butterflies. You can't see them in this shot, but the tennis star wore Off-White for Nike sneakers underneath her dress for her more comfortable evening ahead.The theme for the Met Gala this year was "camp," and no one does it better than Moschino. Katy Perry rocked a design from the fashion house, choosing to be a chandelier for the night. We have to say, this would also make a pretty good Halloween costume. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She's a natural fit.Cara Delevingne has always boasted an edgy coolness that many try to emulate and few can actually achieve. (After all, there's only one of her.) However, we can all try to channel some of Delevingne's energy through her latest project. The 27-year-old multi-hyphenate is featured in a holiday-inspired collection with Nasty Gal, in which she plays both the model and the style muse.The collection features hints of rocker vibes inspired by the likes of Cher and Stevie Nicks. The campaign itself was shot at Electric Lady Studios, the world-renowned recording studio founded by Jimi Hendrix. Delevingne fits right in as the face. Pieces range from $30 to $300 and comes in sizes 0 to 20, depending on the style. My favorite item is the pearl embellished jacket—the perfect piece to spice up your black skinny jeans—though you'll find other crowd pleasers like the sequin dress, the black minidress, and so many chic leather options. All the pieces look like they could be hanging in Delevingne's closet, which I always pictured as filled with menswear-inspired, but wearable, pieces.   Cara all but confirms this, telling me, "I love wearing something that would be traditionally more masculine and making it feminine and sexy. Like the pantsuit, but worn with a nice heel or bralette. [One of my favorites] is the red leather blazer dress in the collection, which can be paired down with some combat boots."Though the collection is a little more done up for the holidays, there are a few key pieces that lend themselves well to lazy weekend attire, like jeans and a T-shirt. These too suit Delevingne, who says that she prefers to dress more comfortably for her day-to-day while for the red carpet, her stylists Rob Zangardi & Mariel Haenn "help find looks that feel authentically" her. Given that Delevingne has worked with the crème de la crème of artists and stylists in the industry, I asked her about styling tips and hacks she found most useful.She told me: "If you need something steamed. Hang it up in the bathroom when you have a hot shower. And body suits are a great fashion hack. They accomplish so many things at once. Slightly annoying if you need to go to the toilet though." Check out some of her campaign shots, then channel her beguiling vibes with our picks below.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			 The jeweler's first luxury holiday catalog also includes a 3-Oven Cast Iron Range and a motorcycle.For this year's holidays, come and trim your Christmas tree with decorations bought at Tiffany. Ahead of December, the luxury jewelry retailer has announced its first ever holiday catalog, which will feature 12 one-of-a-kind items by Tiffany & Co., from a ritzy spin on your classic advent calendar to a custom-made motorcycle.“This holiday we wanted to really surprise our customers in a whole new way by showcasing the most awe-inspiring objects and experiences that you can only find at Tiffany,” said Reed Krakoff, the chief artistic officer of Tiffany & Co. “In addition to many exciting new designs and collections, this year we’ve curated 12 gifts that represent the best of the best and embody the artistry and craftsmanship at the heart of our brand.”Among the 12 gifts, expect to find a four-foot-tall advent calendar, rendered as an illustrative take of the jeweler's Fifth Avenue flagship store. For 24 days, the calendar houses surprises like a sterling silver paper cup or a Tiffany T True bracelet in 18k yellow gold. Prices for the advent calendar begin at $112,000.Tiffany also partnered with Indian Motorcycle Co. to create a custom-made Tiffany Blue motorcycle, complete with 16” laced wheels with chrome-plated rims and spokes dressed in vintage tread tires, stainless steel exhaust, and a custom sterling silver Indian Motorcycle x Tiffany & Co. plaque.Other gifts include a sterling silver greenhouse for garden lovers, an AGA Total Control 3-Oven Cast Iron Range for culinary enthusiasts, and even an 11-day safari trip in Kenya for nature conservators. Prices start from $35,000. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.subscribe hereFrom: Harper's BAZAAR US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Spoiler alert: Comfort is key. For Kathyrn Condon, a junior strategist at Brand Bureau—a hospitality, design, and strategy firm in New York City—having plenty of comfortable and practical staple pieces in her closet is essential. "While I want to look good and feel good at work, I don't want to be fiddling with my clothes or be in an uncomfortable pair of shoes that don't make me feel like my best self," she says. That's why nailing down a shoe that's as sturdy as it is fashionable is so important for Condon. Take the Joan of Arctic Wedge II Chelsea Boot, for example. They're the kind of shoes that the California native—whose personal style lands "somewhere between a little preppy, a little bit California-cool, and a little bit practical"—can easily fit into her work wardrobe.  Condon says that being in a client-facing industry, dressing the part is about "putting our best foot forward and looking professional, but also creative and cool, like the creatives we are." So what does that look like in practice? Check out Condon's styling tricks for filling your closet with items that you'll feel comfortable and stylish in at work.   "I'm all about outerwear," Condon says. "Being in New York, [my wardrobe] revolves around a set of really great investment staple outerwear pieces." You'll often find Condon in a white tee and jeans with a blazer on top to dress it up. Then, when meeting friends after work for drinks, she can easily ditch the blazer for a more casual look. A blazer works with many types of footwear, too, and choosing the right pair of shoes is essential for Condon, who walks all over the Lower East Side. "What I wear to work needs to be super functional," she says. The Sorel boots are an ideal choice—they're chic enough to be paired with the blazer, but comfortable enough to get Condon from work to the wine bar afterwards. Sorel boots; L’Agence blazer; Jungmaven top; Levi's jeans; Luz Ortiz ring; Legier ring; Amanda Pearl rings; Maslo Jewelry earrings; Enki sunglasses As soon as October hits, Condon has several pair of booties that she wears literally every day. From client meetings to going out after work, she leans toward a low heel and sturdy, supportive shoe—bonus points if it's weather-resistant, like the Sorel boots. The added few inches on heeled boots is empowering at work, too. "I feel taller, I feel confident—all that jazz," she says. With a versatile pair of boots, you can wear them with basically any outfit. Try them with a skirt for that perfect balance of comfort and style.Sorel boots; Serrano top; & Other Stories skirt; Anni Lu necklace; Enki sunglasses; Carolina Santo Domingo bag  "I pretty much wear jeans all the time," Condon says. "I'm rotating some version of four to six pairs of blue or black denim most of the week." Jeans are a work staple—you can dress them up, like Condon does with this statement blazer, or incorporate them into a simpler look with a white tee. Consider black jeans when opting to add denim into your work wardrobe. They appear less casual than blue, and there's plenty of freedom to style them. Add a pop of color to the outfit with a brighter shoe, like the red Sorel boots Condon is wearing here. Sorel boots; Veronica Beard jacket; Kallmeyer sweater; Citizens of Humanity jeans; Luz Ortiz ring; Legier ring; Amanda Pearl rings; Machete earrings; Carolina Santo Domingo bag		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The Duchess stepped out for the One Young World Summit in London.On Tuesday night, Meghan Markle made her first public appearance since clips from her and Prince Harry's much-talked-about documentary were released to the public (you can find out how to watch it in the States here). The Duchess of Sussex stepped out for the One Young World Summit opening ceremony in London while wearing a long-sleeve purple flowing dress from Aritzia and navy pumps. Meghan left her hair loose and casual in cascading waves. The Duchess of Sussex glowed, and appeared in positive spirits as she smiled for the cameras. If you follow royals news, you'll know that both Meghan and Prince Harry had offered raw and honest glimpses into their personal struggles with the tabloids and overall media atmosphere in their documentary, Harry and Meghan: An African Journey. Tonight, however, the Duchess showed no signs of despair as she gave her attention to the summit.   The summit has been around since 2010 and Meghan has been a staunch supporter of One Young World since 2014. The Duchess also has a personal connection to the organization as she is VP of the Queen's Commonwealth Trust, which has partnered with One Young World to bring 53 people to tonight's event. The summit will consist of speeches, panels, networking and workshops. Focusing on what's most important has always been Meghan's strong suit and in channeling that determined spirit, Meghan also coincidentally wore a similar look to Princess Diana circa 1996. Though Meghan's power-woman purple dress is sold out, you can find similar long-sleeve options from her beloved fashion label ahead.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			We've got you covered.A few years ago, I splurged on a pair of gorgeous brown suede Saint Laurent boots that have since become my all-time favorites. Though the suede finish once felt buttery, today they’re not nearly as soft or lust-worthy—as result of the numerous times I’ve accidentally worn them on a rainy day and stepped into a giant N.Y.C. sewage puddle. To find out how to get my solemates looking brand-new again, I turned to Menia Polychronakis, of Mina’s Shoe Repair—a fashion editor mainstay that's been in business for nearly 50 years, and has worked on shoes for the likes of Rihanna, Kim Kardashian, and Bjork. Polychronakis is a staunch suede advocate, despite the maintenance that comes with owning the material. Here, she shared her top tips for making suede—bags, jackets, shoes, etc.—last from season to season to season.“I strongly recommend waterproofing all suede items before wearing them,” Polychronakis says. “This prevents stains from setting in if something is spilled and makes suede easier to clean. I recommend spraying the items 1–2 a year with Moneysworth&Best Pro-Tex Water + Stain Protector. It doesn’t mess with the color or texture of the suede.”“Purchase a suede brush to brush off dust and dirt. If there are scuffs and surface dirt, a suede eraser/stone can be used to remove most of the dirt,” something your local repair shop should be able to do for you, she adds. “When not wearing your suede items, keep them covered in a box or shoe bag to prevent dust build up,” Polychronakis notes. “If your suede items are heavily soiled I would advise taking it to a professional to be cleaned.  A professional can definitely remove mud, dirt and salt stains. Ink is pretty permanent, so please keep ink pens closed and far away from suede and leather. Keep yourself from getting into this mess (literally) in the first place, by being savvy with your outfit-building: “Always think twice when wearing dark denim with light colored suede shoes or a purse. The denim leaves a stain around the rim,” warns Polychronakis.And, while waterproofing does, in fact, help a great deal when it comes to protecting your suede items, think twice before wearing them in bad weather. Salt and other salt-like chemicals eat away at the suede, she adds.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.subscribe here		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			They've also launched the Let Girls Dream campaign to coincide with the zine.To coincide with International Day of the Girl, Gucci launched the second issue of the CHIME zine this month, which features contributions from activists, artists and writers around the world. Edited by community organizer and writer Adam Eli, and art directed by Italian visual artist MP5, the zine—which is free and available at the Gucci Garden in Florence, the Gucci Wooster Bookstore, and select bookstores, or can be viewed digitally here—focuses on the importance of gender equality. "The message of the zine is simple; we have the power to create a world with complete gender equality, where every form of gender expression is treated equally, but we can’t do it alone. The first step in achieving this vision is to give a global platform to our worlds most marginalized voices. A place where they can tell their stories and provide solutions to the issues they are facing," Eli told MarieClaire.com in a statement.The zine includes Child Marriage Explained, a feature produced in collaboration with Girls Not Brides and Equality Now that breaks down the issue, and provides solutions and ways for readers to get involved in the fight to end child marriage and help the 12 million girls around the world who are married off as child brides every year.Additionally, Gucci’s CHIME FOR CHANGE partnered with Academy Award-winning director Sharmeen Obaid-Chinoy on her new animated short film, SITARA, about Pari, a young girl whose dream of being a pilot is crushed when she is forced into child marriage.   "Young girls everywhere still face considerable hurdles in achieving their dreams. Sitara embodies that struggle, it is a story of Pari, a young girl who dreams of becoming a pilot and is robbed of it," Sharmeen Obaid Chinoy said in a statement. "It is a story about  the burdens of family and the impact a patriarchal culture has on them.  For me, Sitara is more than a film, It is a movement that we want to start across the world, that encourages parents to invest in their girls’ dreams, encouraging them to free their girls from the burdens of early marriage."To accompany the film, Gucci and CHIME FOR CHANGE have launched the Let Girls Dream campaign, which encourages individuals to share their dreams and to call on the global community to help break down the barriers that keep so many girls and women from pursuing theirs.Learn more at LetGirlsDream.org.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You'll have these pairs for life. Just like you can never own enough white tees, you can never own enough boots. Before you refresh your fall/winter wardrobe with new footwear, though, check your styles. Do you have all the classic silhouettes, or at least one pair of classics? By this, we mean the kind of boot that stands the test of time. Black Chelsea boots meet this criteria, as do your rain boots, and even your new designer stiletto ankle bootie. It doesn't matter if these boots have been given a makeover in trendy colors or different textures—you can still tell they're classics by the shape and overall fit. Not sure what types of boots you need, or are even out there? We have a short, digestible list of ones to own (or try—no peer pressure here) ahead.This classic boot comes in all heel heights and toe shapes, but the most distinguishable feature of a Chelsea boot are the black elastic side panels. The shoes often have a tab on the back of the boot, making it easier for you to pull on. Fun fact: The first of this style was made by J. Sparkes-Hall for Queen Victoria in 1851 because she wanted a pair of non lace-up boots, though the Chelsea boots as we know them today didn't become popular until the '50s and '60s. They were considered trendy and "mod" in the United Kingdom when they first came out, and over time these became a timeless wardrobe staple for both men and women.The army combat boot was initially designed to be worn by soldiers in combat, as the name suggests. While the style is still worn by members of the military today (soldiers are getting upgrades in the designs), civilians tend to look for more fashion than function (I, personally, mostly wear my combat boots to and from the office). Fashionable combat boots still have the same original army elements, such as a rounded toecap, laces, a chunky sole, and a high collar. But the designs are more flexible, coming in various textures, from faux croc to snakeskin, and in every color imaginable. Some styles even have a four-inch heel for a height boost, which are definitely not appropriate for military drills.Speaking of functional shoes, you'll always need a pair of waterproof boots, whether that be snow boots or rain boots, to carry you through the winter storms. Waterproof footwear, thankfully, has come a long way in terms of stylish designs, with many companies like Hunter giving the shoe a more fashun look. (Just check out the Chanel rain boots in the street style photo above.) You no longer need to choose between an ugly rain boot that leaves your feet dry or a boot that leaves you with soaked socks—you can cover all your bases with the weather-appropriate options below.Unlike ankle boots, which sometimes leave parts of your skin exposed to the nippy winter elements, thigh-high boots has you covered—literally. The classic style features a shaft that hits mid-thigh and is often fitted to your legs, leaving no weird ripples and bumps. Thigh-high boots can be worn with tights, jeans, skirts, dresses, and more as you've seen on your favorite fashion bloggers and celebrities. Not completely sure how to rock them? Good news: I've come up with foolproof outfits for this season here.A stiletto heeled boot will never be out of date, even though the kitten heel style has made a comeback in recent seasons. The skinny heel can be included on any shoe style from the Chelsea boot to thigh-high options and look best when worn with tailored pieces. Think of the stiletto heel boot as an alternative to pumps at the office for fall/winter. You still retain that confidence you get from your normal heels as well as the height boost. Be right back, trading in my slingback pumps for one of these picks, below.You don't need to be an equestrian to pull off a pair of riding boots. This knee-high with a flat or low heel style comes in many colors and finishes, but typically brands will offer them in standard shades like brown, black, navy, or grey. Some riding boots come in suede, others in leather, and overall give off a very posh vibe. For a more classic look, go with an option like Coach below. For a more vintage meets modern minimalism feel, BY FAR's "Edie" butter-soft leather boot hits the spot. The further we move from the past, the more designers are looking back to the archives for shoe silhouette inspiration. One of them is the cowboy boot, which has been continuously remade every season. Cowboy boots now come in all prints, colors, and textures outside of cowhide leather. For this season specifically, you'll find everything from a kitten heel option to a pointy-toe shape metallic design. Here's to channeling the Wild Wild West the 2019/2020 way with the Western-inspired footwear picks ahead.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Orolay's down jacket is basically the Pumpkin Spice Latte of cold weather apparel: the item that defines a season. Better known as "The Amazon Coat," this ubiquitous style has been touted as the coat to wear come winter—and for good reason. Once the temperature begins to drop, it feels borderline impossible to find a jacket that keeps you warm without spending hundreds of dollars. Not the case with Orolay. The company claims the jacket is made of 90 percent duck down material and 10 percent feathers, offering a cozy layer on chilly days. But unlike most down jackets, which can be reminiscent of the Michelin Man (someone had to say it), Orolay's jacket has a sleek silhouette that's versatile enough to be worn anytime, anywhere.  Plus, it's available in six classic colors, so you're bound to find one you love.  As for the price? Well, it's complicated. The Orolay down jacket was, when it went viral last year, on the market for $84. However, as the style became more and more popular, the asking price has crept up to $139.99. There is good news, though: Right now, several colors and sizes are on sale for $125.99. Sure, Orolay's down jacket may not have the same under-$100 appeal it did last year, but it's still considerably less expensive than other winter coats.  Bring on the ❄️❄️! Lots of ??? about the “AMAZON JACKET”👆🏻over the weekend  including size/fit etc ! A full review #OnTheBlog today answering all of your questions! Plus a re-stock of my fav @dudley_stephens Cobble Hill Turtleneck Fleece just went live! Hurry before sizes run out! @liketoknow.it #liketkit http://liketk.it/2zSua screenshot this pic for product details #LTKstyletip #momiform #howdoyoududley #dsgoods #amazonfashion #founditonamazon #amazonjacket 📷: @carterfishA post shared by  Kathleen Kelly Hurley (@letsbemomfriends) on Feb 12, 2019 at 9:54am PST Always reppin’ 🤘🏻(The photographs  from this trip are starting to feel like an advertisement for the @theamazoncoat)A post shared by  Taylor Demski Cantwell (@taylordcantwell) on Mar 26, 2019 at 2:05pm PDTGo snag that baby now because, as they say, winter is coming. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Elise Loehnen is Gwyneth Paltrow's right-hand woman.In a bi-weekly series, we're interviewing female executives, founders, CEOs—basically, boss ladies—on their "power suit" a.k.a. the outfit they wear every day for easy dressing to conquer whatever the job throws at them.Gwyneth Paltrow's Goop lifestyle site offers its readers every type of content imaginable, from shopping recommendations (right now the site is showing me irresistible Chloé goodies in the "what's new" section) to a story on "A Weekend of Wellness in Austin." (It's like Paltrow can read my mind—I've been wanting to visit Austin!) Though I say Paltrow, it's more than likely her right-hand woman and Chief Content Officer, Elise Loehnen, who's digging deep into my psyche. Loehnen is responsible for leading the content strategy for the website and for feeding the hungry media machine with service-friendly stories."Gwyneth has always been interested in that type of content: Where is the best place to eat? Who makes the best products?" Loehnen tells me. "The website has never been about long reported features or our point of view on this event. It's about going to experts and getting the information that is of value to our readers."That's why you'll find plenty of articles like that Austin piece or service-y post on the latest treatment to combat blemishes and breakouts. This content jives with Loehnen's skills; she was perviously an editor at brands like Lucky, Time Out New York, and Condé Nast Traveler. She joined the Goop team in 2014, after meeting Paltrow through a mutual friend and following the site since its 2008 launch. She says that Paltrow gives the team "permission to explore and push and look for what's next and new," when it comes to creating content. (How else would anyone have discovered that a village in Spain is for sale, if not for Goop including that in a holiday gift guide? I definitely clicked and read.)"Gwyneth thinks in one-off ways and not what are the rubics and templates to follow and do over and over again," Loehnen says. "We certainly have those but that's not her first instinct. That's very much my instinct, being a packager and always thinking about side bars or series. Gwyneth doesn't work like that."  According to Loehnen, the content team has grown to about 28 people while the company, overall, has over 200 employees with a majority of the teams based on the west coast. "It's interesting to live in an entirely digital world where we can see the impact we create," says Loehnen. For Loehnen, who has insider access to just about every topic, from fashion to wellness, we were interested in how this power woman dresses for work. Here, she shares her favorite brands and how she tackles her day in style as a boss.  "Typically, I am woken up by my children, so I rarely set an alarm. I have two little boys, three and six years old, so the three-year-old wakes up the whole house at 6 a.m. or 7 a.m., which is very luxurious. I don't wear a ton of makeup or use a lot of products in the morning because I try to take care of my skin. (Once a week, I use the GOOPGLOW glycolic glow peel pads and that's all I need. I am obsessed with it.) I always have a latte, usually with oat or almond milk, and hang out with the kids whether that's watching cartoons for 20 minutes or making their breakfast/lunch. Then I shower really fast—I have short hair for this purpose—and apply on some foundation and, fifty percent of the time, mascara, and lip tint." "Initially, I brought so much stuff from my move to Los Angeles from New York City and I looked in my closet four years ago to find all these blouses, pencil skirts, and heels. I used to do a lot of television appearances when I worked for Lucky, so these clothes were relics from that previous career, but it's not who I am anymore. I have since Marie Kondo-ed my closet and now I have the same 10 outfits in rotation for however many months before I change out some things. I find this so liberating and also it's much easier to get ready in the mornings. I wear a lot of baby blues, olive greens, and black clothing, so I can easily mix the pieces and don't spend a ton of time getting dressed."  "On a Monday, I usually go for a jumpsuit or a long simple dress. I like the ones by Bella Harvey or La DoubleJ, which are kind of wild, so it's something people will remember if they see it. That's why I prefer anonymous clean basics because you can wear them with a lot more frequency and they're built for that. I wear Stan Smith sneakers four days a week, I rarely wear high heels since I am 5'10. If not this outfit and it's colder, I will wear a sweater and Levi jeans or a pair of blue culotte dress pants. I like my pieces engineered with simplicity and clean lines while looking professional. I also like being comfortable and feeling like myself. I have a signet ring I wear every day, it has a black leopard on the front and on the inside there is a Paulo Coelho quote: Encounters are planned by the soul. It's one of my core beliefs that every meeting is intentional and everything is a lesson. I also wear my engagement ring, wedding ring, and a Rolex that my parents had given me on my 25th birthday. I have a bunch of Jackie Aiche earrings, a Foundrae necklace, and one from Lito with an evil eye that I wear a lot.For work, I use a Goyard tote that seems indestructible and made for hauling so much stuff. Currently in it, I have a laptop, two books, notebooks, a bag of random things to keep my kids occupied at restaurants, lip balm, vitamins, an embroidery bag because you never know if you want to sit and needle point. That's how I meditate in a way."  "Neutral, jumpsuit, and jewelry.""There is a lesson in everything."For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Our spirit animal this season: the penguin.In a battle against the cold in coats, I am team puffer jacket. They're super lightweight and provide the kind of warmness you feel only when a hot cup of apple cider is in your hands. There was a time when these practical coats were seen as unsightly creations that made you look, and possibly waddle, like a penguin. But the style has gained a new found fame this season, with brands offering up colorful and printed iterations of the originals. I found some of these most fashionable puffers for winter, ahead. Your spirit animal this season is none other than the adorable penguin. Rock it. Aritzia's super puffs have been touted by stars from Kendall Jenner and Hailey Bieber to Emily Ratajkowski and Hunter Schafer. The puffers come in four different lengths and a vest version in addition to many different colors and prints. My favorite is this blue and white one, which reminds me of the sky on a brisk (or even warm) day.Nanushka's shorter puffer jackets have already made its rounds on people, so opt for this new midi length instead. The olive coat is exclusively designed for Net-a-Porter, which means the chances of your coworker owning it are slim. (Unless she sees this post.) The "Lenox" style comes with a detachable hood and a belt prevents your waistline from getting buried in the densely padded material.One of my favorite puffer jackets is from H&M, so don't underestimate its options. They're offering this coat in three colors, though my heart is beating for this lime green color. The hue gives it an athleisure vibe, pairing well with your colored leggings and sneakers. And if you run at night, no one will miss you in this jacket.Fendi's version of the puffer jacket has exaggerated proportions so don't worry if it seems to swallow your body whole. It's fashion. Made from Italy, the coat is filled with insulating down and can be worn either on the plain side like this or worn reversed for a logo-centric look. Again, fashion. Rains raincoats are some of the best in the market, so its puffers obviously share similar qualities. This coat is waterproof, windproof, and is made with breathable fabric. (You won't feel overheated in this.) Basically, this coat is Fort Knox against winter's harshest elements. Brazilian brand Farm Rio dropped its first fall collection this season and amongst the sweaters and velvet skirts is this stunningly intricate tropical printed puffer. The design is intense, special, and will make you actually look forward to the dropping temps. Should you want a change in scenery, the style is reversible so flip to the other side for a different perspective. One of fall's most understated textures is corduroy. Here it is in jacket form, in a slate gray hue, that's ready to match with anything you have in your closet. Style it with a tee and jeans like the model or throw it over a cocktail dress when your company's holiday party hits.Even the puffer jacket can't escape the classic animal print. This style is for those who are already comfortable with the puffy look or the bold newbies looking to stand out in their crew. The crop style ensures your curves don't get buried in the fabric while the high collar blocks any wind/snow flakes coming your way.This isn't just another black jacket to add to your outerwear repertoire. The sheepskin trim and insulated pockets are some of the unique features you'll find in a Mackage piece. Whether you wear this skiing or running to the post office, you'll look mighty cool and feel insanely warm. This jacket's biggest selling point is the detachable sleeves. Once you take them off, this outerwear turns into a black vest you can wear when the weather's more forgiving. I love a good two-in-one and it looks like others do too, this coat is almost sold out!Gucci knows how to bring the drama with the oversize fit and all-over pink and yellow floral print. It's the kind of coat you'd see on someone at fashion week and think "I want that." If you have the budget to spare on this outerwear, go ahead, treat yourself.This GUESS coat offers a slight puff without making you look overly rounded on top. It's the perfect starter jacket if you want to try the trend, but not sure if you'd want to trade in your parka for it. This coat does have a removable hood for a less bulky look around the collar and back.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Congratulations! You made it through another week. What better way to celebrate five grueling days of meetings, emails, and non-stop deadlines than with a shopping spree? That's where Anthropologie comes in.Today—but only today—the store is offering 25 percent off everything. That's right. Everything, from clothes to shoes to skincare. And to sweeten the deal, they's free shipping on all orders. The catch? You have to be a member of Anthropologie's loyalty program, a.k.a. become an Anthro member. To do this, simply create a free account, then let the savings pour in.Since we know you don't have all day to scour the site (hate when work gets in the way!), we're sharing a few of our favorite items, below. $130$97.50Sweater weather is officially here. Sure, you already have a bunch of styles, but what's adding one more turtleneck to your rotation? $22$16.50Treat yourself to some R&R with Lapcos' sheet mask set. Comprised of seven masks, this kit is packed with options that will brighten, moisturize, and detoxify your skin. $190$142.50Hiking boots, but make 'em fashion. $170$127.50Whether you pair this jumpsuit with a faux shearling jacket in the fall or sandals come spring, you're bound to get a lot of mileage out of it. $30$22.50Serious question: Who wouldn't want their apartment to smell like the inside of an Anthropologie store?$170$127.50Thank you, Anthropologie, for infusing two of our favorite trends—faux leather and jumpsuits—into one very stylish piece. Be still our hearts. $20$15We recommend picking up a sweet set of timeless pearl clips. $1,998$1,498.50If you're on the hunt for some new furniture, Anthro Day is here to save you a couple hundred bucks on this beautiful bohemian dresser.$525$393.75Does it feel like everyone has a pair of croc- or snakeskin-embossed booties, except you? Not anymore. $96$72These charming plates will transform your breakfast nook into a French bistro along the Seine. Oui, oui!•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Your secret to looking great on a budget.True Zara fans know that the brand launches special collections a few times a year. One of them is the Campaign Collection, which just dropped this week. The Campaign Collection used to be part of the regular women's ready-to-wear line, but a few years ago it became a separate entity and now the line drops twice a year—one for spring/summer and one for fall/winter—following the traditional fashion buying calendar. The collection, typically comprised of 20 to 30 pieces, is different from the other designs in Zara's repertoire in that they're created with more luxurious fabrics and offered at a more contemporary price point, though still relatively affordable. Then, there is the creative story. "The in-house collection works more towards what the customer needs, [but the Campaign Collection] is more representative of our ideas and feelings while also [paying in mind] to what the customer needs in story form," says Zara's design team. "This season, the campaign was inspired by the Parisian sexy and crazy woman. Our muses were inspired by different French actresses in the '70s and early '80s."  You'll see hints of French women flair in the pointed-lace kitten mule heels and sequin silk dresses with lace trim. All the pieces scream elegance and can be effortlessly layered together for romantic Parisian vibes. When I asked the design team what pieces from the Campaign Collection will sell out the quickest, they called out the double-layer trench coat (one of my favorite pieces) as well as this perfect-for-the-holidays dress. Also, here is an insider tidbit: Once a piece from Zara sells out, it will never be remade again. (The horror!) Let this serve as a warning to buy that item you're eyeing pronto.  For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I'm coming for you, Gucci bag.Scoring a good fashion deal is as exhilarating as winning the lottery (the latter hasn't happened yet, but humor us). The work that goes into hunting for the perfect designer discount piece is an art, and thankfully, there are more than enough retailers out there to help us on our journey. From The Outnet to Nordstrom Rack, here are the best discounted fashion websites (many have apps too!) to check out whether you're on the hunt for a deal or simply bored and want to peruse. Fingers crossed you strike gold.SHOP ITDepop launched in 2011 and is based in London, but has become a shopping force in America, especially for the Gen Z-ers. The shopping platform is modeled like Instagram: Users have profile pages that serve as a storefront where you can post photos and descriptions of the product you're selling and others can "heart" or buy the item if they like it.  Depop has attracted sellers like YouTubers Emma Chamberlain and Marzia Bisognin—some of the most popular faces around.SHOP ITDidn't find what you were looking for on Nordstrom? You may want to check out its outlet counterpart Nordstrom Rack. This discounted site sells clothes no long sold at the store for lower prices. It takes some hunting around but once you find a good deal, the feeling is priceless. SHOP ITCelebrities like Kim Kardashian and influencers like Danielle Bernstein love What Goes Around Comes Around for its tight-knit curation of extremely one-of-a-kind finds. The retailer carries everything from luxury apparel to accessories, ensuring you get a variety. SHOP ITDon't have time to browse through all the discounted options on a traditional website? Amuze will post its finds via Instagram Stories and you can directly DM the retailer that you want the item and they will send you an invoice. (Yet another way to make browing your Insta even more addicting.)SHOP IT Poshmark launched in 2011 and has since grown to over seven million sellers. You can buy and sell clothing from boutiques or from your own closet. Bachelor fans can find alums like Lauren Bushnell selling items directly from her closet. SHOP ITThis online mecca offers more discounted items than we could possibly imagine (really, we once scrolled through 24 pages of black pumps). The knockout prices and impressive designer lineup make it a must visit. SHOP ITGot a pair of brand-new designer shoes that you don't want to keep, but can't bear to give away? Enter Thredup. Operating just like a brick-and-mortar store, Thredup supplies you with a free clean-out bag to send your stuff in. If they like your goods, they'll pay you up to 80 percent of resale value on consignment.SHOP ITFashion people live here because the way it works is other fashion people unload their not-even-that-old castoffs here, where it's quality-checked and authenticated. (Not that we'd ever tolerate fakes, psh.) Product moves fast, though, so you have to be swift as the coursing river, as the Disney song goes.SHOP ITThe Manhattan and Brooklyn locations house hidden gems (prime hungover-shopping grounds), so you'd expect the same from the online shop, wouldn't you? You'd be right and even righter if you predicted that the wares are sorted by aesthetic, such as "lunch uptown" and "Studio 54." Free domestic shipping for orders over $150, too. Nice.SHOP ITIf your vibe is more *alternative* than prairie dresses and chinoiserie jackets, this site carries niche-r brands such as Alyx, Undercover, and Hussein Chalyan. Dibs on this vintage Versace jacket.SHOP IT If super-luxe designer gear is your thing, then The Outnet.com should be your homepage. An offshoot of Net-a-Porter, The Outnet not only features heavily discounted designer wear (think Chloé, Alexander Wang, Marni, and Stella McCartney), they also have their own in-house label and frequently partner with top-notch designers on limited-edition collections.SHOP ITThe sale that saw New Yorkers lining up at dawn (and coming to fisticuffs over Proenza Schouler purses) has made the journey online. Previously a physical sale that occurred twice a year, BarneysWarehouse.com features designer wares for women, men, kids, and the home, and offers complimentary shipping on all orders.SHOP ITIf you're a Sex and the City fan, then you've most likely heard of Century 21. Considered the mecca of designer outlets, C21stores.com features many of the same discounted pieces as the physical stores, but without the long lines and tiring searches. Including men's, women's, and children's wear, this is one online destination you want to visit before splurging on those expensive heels.SHOP ITWe've been Gilt devotees for years, and why the anxiety leading up to a sale can get a little stressful, enjoying your shopping rewards is not. The unique site, which features flash sales, operates on a first come, first served basis, and offers sales on kids, men, home, experiences, and travel.SHOP ITLet's be honest, New York knows vintage. A designer consignment store since 1993, INA brings its expertise in designer consignment wears to the web with ina.com. Think Helmut Lang, Isabel Marant, Christian Louboutin, and Chloé.SHOP ITNeiman Marcus' Last Call website is something of a hidden secret. Featuring discounted designer wares from Neiman Marcus, Bergdorf Goodman, and Cusp.com, the site offers a daily deal where bargains can be scooped up with extra discounted prices, as well as a Clearance section, where another 50 percent of the price can be saved!SHOP ITSaksoff5th.com brings the discounts normally found at Saks Off 5th stores. Featuring flash sales, designer spotlights, trend selections, and more than half off designer wares found in Saks Fifth Avenue stores.SHOP ITEven if you aren't in the mood to shop, RueLaLa is sure to have something that will inspire you to buy. From Prada and Valentino to Longchamp, RueLaLa operates on a flash sale basis, where discounted goods are only available for a certain amount of time—normally 24 hours!SHOP ITAfter spotting two awesome buys on two stylish friends (Céline snakeskin wedges, anyone?), we had to check out TheRealReal. The company is known for its authentication processes on luxury items and its constant new arrivals. I currently have my eye on Fendi's baguette bags, which there are no shortages of.SHOP ITI don't know how sound a business model of "give designer goods away for practically nothing" is, but BOY, am I glad they're doing it. With several brick-and-mortar shops that are as marvelous as they are fatal (for your bottom line), it is even worse (again, for your bottom line), that they've got a website stocking deeply discounted Proenza Schouler and Dries and Delpozo. Groan.SHOP ITLooking for pre-loved designer gear and vintage wares online? Head to Luxury Garage Sale, which delivers beautiful, pre-loved designer pieces without the hassle of sifting through musty thrift stores. With pieces from Chanel, Louis Vuitton, Gucci, and YSL, this is one online stop a designer-loving gal has to check out.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here).		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Goodbye mall rat, Hello fashun!Jeepers Creepers! That’s right, creepers are back. The thick-soled shoe (also known as lug-sole shoes or thick-soled brogues) has had quite the evolution, from World War II battlefields to ‘50s dandy subculture, the Vivienne Westwood–influenced ‘70s punk scene and the locals hanging out in front of Hot Topic. For 2019, the creeper sneaker got a revamp—goodbye Mall Rat, hello fashun. Leave it to Louis Vuitton to make Creepers covetable. Prada's in on the trend, as well, and last month all the It girls were stomping around Milan in their Prada creepers.The style is cool and edgy, and brings a breath of fresh air to your fall uniform. Rather than reaching for that moto jacket to give your floral dress some edge, let the creeper do the job. Wear them in homage to the 90s: Start with a slip dress, add an on-trend cropped cardigan, gold hoops, and top (bottom?) it off with some creepers. I mean who doesn’t want to look like they are a part of a cool girl coven? (Shout out AHS Coven, still the best season with the baddest b*tches...I mean witches). Give your ankle boots a break (they need it), and reach for this edgy, masculine style instead. Shop my top picks, belowA Milan Fashion Week S/S 2020 street style favorite, the It girl creeper.Shout out to all my girly girls! These Doc Martens are the perfect mix between sweet and edgy.This season, coach is offering a hybrid creeper sneaker: Classic creeper on the top, athletic platform on the bottom.The all-white sneaker has become a wardrobe essential. This season give yours an update with a chunky sole. Need a wild card to spice up a drab outfit? Look no further than these Stella McCartney cheetah creepers.As the saying goes, “If it ain’t broke don’t fix it.” T.U.K. is and always has been, the go-to for classic creepers.Leave it to RiRi to always be ahead of the curve. These FENTY X PUMA creepers have been a cool girl staple for a few seasons now.These N.21 double platform creepers will give you sky-high height, without the high-heel pain.The Gucci loafer got a revamp! The holiday season is around the corner, and these red velvet Gucci creepers will be the perfect addition to your holiday look...just sayin'.Another pair of Doc Martens in the mix...I mean come on they are iconic. •••A version of this story appeared in the October 2019 issue of Marie Claire.subscribe here		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Ah, Everlane. The minimalist brand is hands-down one  of my favorite places to shop. I mean, where else can you find a cashmere sweater for $100, a pair of high-quality heels that are actually affordable, and "Choose What You Pay" for a variety of clothing and accessories? The company just restocked that sale section, which means we all have some shopping to do.For each "Choose What You Pay" item, Everlane offers three different prices and shares exactly what each price option covers. While the cheapest price is usually for the production cost, Everlane also gives shoppers the opportunity to put some extra money towards the brand's future research and development. However, no matter which price you chose, you'll walk away with a great deal since it's essentially a curated sale section. If it sounds too good to be true, see for yourself. Peruse through some of our favorite restocked pieces, below. $88$53Pro tip: Buy this sweet sundress on sale now and you'll have a brand-new (and affordable!) frock waiting for you next spring. $78$63Take your love for denim to the next level with this pale pink jacket. You can pair it with some loose boyfriend jeans or rock a Canadian tuxedo with matching pants. $68$48Everlane's Choose What You Pay sale is a great opportunity to stock up on the basics, like a classic pair of skinny jeans. $140$84Is it just us or are you seeing these mules everywhere? They have "cool girl" written all over them. $155$93It's not every day you can score some dreamy, ridiculously soft cashmere for under $100...$65$52Found: A winter scarf that's equal parts practical and chic.$110$77We have a feeling you're going to get a lot of mileage out of this shirt. This style is made with safer dyes and manufactured in a LEED-certified factory, so you can feel good about your purchase. $168$84The chunky loafers that are bound to add some extra pep to your step this fall. $78$47If your office has a business casual dress code, feast your eyes on Everlane's Ponte Crop Pants. This pair looks professional, but the extra stretch makes them super comfortable. $165$116Winter is coming, so why not bundle up in this chunky parka? •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			From Gaga's meat dress to Karlie Kloss' headdress. We have celebrities to thank for a lot of major fashion trends, both past and present. But for every "win" in the This Is Going To Be Something People Copy column, there's a handful of bold boundary-pushing looks that miss the mark. Some were downright signs of cultural appropriation while others toed the line from being too scandalous to actually kind of cool. Here, 70 star style moments that have inspired debate over the years. •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here)In 2017, Kendall and Kylie tried to launch a line of tees with their faces superimposed over music stars like Tupac Shakur and The Notorious B.I.G. The only problem? The stars and their team never got permission to use the photos that were imprinted on t-shirts and then sold for $125 a piece. The Jenner sisters also faced backlash and accusations of cultural appropriation, with even Biggie’s mom Voletta Wallace addressing the controversy in an Instagram post.Villa made a name for herself by wearing outfits in support of the Trump administration to red carpet events. Aside from wearing a dress that said "Make America Great Again" to the Grammys, she also wore this one that said "Build the Wall" in 2019. If people thought she was joking or being sarcastic, you can see her pro-MAGA Instagram posts here.The tennis star made headlines when she wore a catsuit to French Open, with many praising the athlete for the sporty look. But things took a dramatic turn when The French Tennis Federation president, Bernard Giudicelli, decided to ban the one-piece from future tournaments. Williams, and other celebrities, did not take this news lying downFor a surprise trip to Texas to visit facilities that housed migrant children, Melania wore this jacket that read, "I Really Don't Care, Do U?" Despite all the speculations that unfolded after she wore this, Melania told ABC News that she wore the outerwear "for the people and for the left-wing media who are criticizing me. And I want to show them that I don't care."Before high-low became a trend in fashion, there was Sharon Stone. In 1998, the actress wore a white button-up from Gap with a Vera Wang skirt to the Oscars. Media outlets called out this surprising fact in stories and Stone broke all the rules of red carpet dressing in the best possible way. The singer met with President Donald Trump at the White House in 2018 to discuss numerous issues from North Korea to bipolar disorder. West wore the controversial "Make America Great Again" hat and said he felt like a superhero in it. "I love this guy right here," said West after the meeting. His support for Trump has been well-documented and friends like John Legend have chastised the singer for doing so.Scarlett Johansson was the first major celebrity to wear Marchesa since the Harvey Weinstein scandal. (Georgina Chapman was married to Weinstein, and celebrities had revealed he would pressure them to wear his then wife's creations.) In a statement to the Cut, Johansson said of her decision, "I wore Marchesa because their clothes make women feel confident and beautiful and it is my pleasure to support a brand created by two incredibly talented and important female designers."Who could ever forget the duo wearing each other's blood as a symbol of their love? In a 2008 story to Entertainment Weekly, Jolie clarified the sensationalized news, saying, "It was like a flower press. It was like from a slight cut on your finger and you press your fingerprint in. It was kind of a sweet gesture. I thought it was kind of romantic!" There were also no "blood vials" as reported by the media. So then, a prick seems harmless...right?Dressing up as a Native American should not be anyone's choice for a costume, ever. The singer received backlash for her outfit, which she captioned "Chief" in a now-deleted Instagram post, from fans who called her racist and insensitive. Another party, another Native American costume. The duo attended a Halloween gathering as a pilgrim and a Native American. Once photos were released, the duo of course got called out for their insensitive outfits. "I am SO sorry to people I offended with my costume. It was not properly thought through and I am truly sorry," Duff wrote on Twitter.The couple dressed as Sid Vicious and Nancy Spungen for the Casamigos tequila Halloween party. Rinna’s husband Harry took things a bit too far for fans when he wore a red tee with a swastika on it. Rinna later took to Instagram to apologize for the incident.The singer arrived to Rihanna’s West Hollywood Halloween party dressed as an Arab terrorist. ABC News called the costume "questionable" while others called him a tool and also completely expected from someone who wasn’t self-aware of anything.Chris Pratt wore a T-shirt with the American flag and Gadsden's famous rattlesnake with the message "Don't tread on me." This image has been used by Tea Party members, anti-gun control groups, and Donald Trump supporters. Twitter users saw this as a sign of white supremacist sentiment, while conservatives rushed to Pratt's defense for "liberal media" smearing a "patriotic" celebrity. The singer arrived to Kate Hudson’s Halloween party dressed as Dr. Luke right after singer Kesha revealed that the music producer sexually assaulted her amongst other allegations. Allen’s tag read "Dr. Luke, gynecology department." Yikes.The costume designer outdid herself when she wore this American Express card dress to the Oscars. To create the look, 254 expired cards were used. We have so many questions. Was it heavy? How did she sit down? Did the cards bend? And...why?One of the most iconic and wild moments that ever happened on the VMAs stage (pre-Miley twerk if you will) was Britney in this outfit with a snake for her "Slave 4 U" performance in 2001. The look has since been recreated by everyone for Halloween to themed parties and is 100 percent unforgettable.Gaga's meat ensemble sparked extreme controversy in the animal rights community. "No matter how beautifully it is presented, flesh from a tortured animal is flesh from a tortured animal," said PETA president Ingrid Newkirk. "Meat represents bloody violence and suffering, so if that's the look they were going for, they achieved it."The infamous half-time moment—which left Janet exposed—sparked a huge controversy, as many people were torn over whether or not the incident was accidental or intentional. The singer offended many in the Muslim community when she walked down the London runway in a burqa. The Atlantic covered the controversy, calling her outfit choice "cultural thievery." Reactions to Katy's dress included phrases like "cringe-worthy," "baffling," and "ludicrous."This sparked a major backlash for pretty obvious reasons. Katy's AMA received major criticism for wearing a kimono. Some were shocked at the "racist" ensemble, and others were totally unsurprised. One Twitter user wrote, "Loved the cultural authenticity of Katy Perry's #AMAs performance. She nailed the traditionally ignorant costume of a white pop singer." She later apologized. In 1928, this costume was extremely controversial, given that it was in such contrast to the outfits women were expected to wear. Some people credit this controversial costume for transforming American culture, saying she "radically redefined notions of race and gender through style and performance in a way that continues to echo throughout fashion and music today, from Prada to Beyoncé." Before Madonna had really gained her notoriety for testing the limits of fashion, this look for her "Like a Virgin" music video was an extremely hot topic. Very few people liked this suit given its "cheap looking CGI and off-putting tone of the color scheme." Beyoncé and Coldplay set their music video for "Hymn for the Weekend" in India and were accused of cultural appropriation, and criticized for an inaccurate portrayal of the country. One Twitter user wrote in response [sic], "i dont even know what to say about this coldplay video except can white rock bands please stop filming holi videos in india, thank you."Paris and Nicky were slammed for culturally appropriated Halloween costumes. When the trailer was released for the upcoming film Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle, many people were taken aback by Karen's costume. Her costume was criticized for sexualizing the actress: "Maybe part of the plot involves setting the gender equality fight back 20 years?" and for looking like it belonged to a child, "Ruby lost all of her clothing and had to rob a Baby Gap." Many people thought this dress was "ill-fitting and overly quixotic." Stacy London conveyed this general opinion when she said, "I hated Gwyneth Paltrow's pink Oscar dress." This extremely elaborate Halloween costume was deemed offensive by some. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You'll have no trouble finding that perfect fit.Many of us are familiar with that feeling when you find the perfect boot in your size, but the calf is just a little too snug for your liking. (Well, I guess I can't wear this boot with jeans!) Instead of having to alter your styling efforts or size up and risk having to wear thick socks to make up for the foot space, Tamara Mellon has a better solution. The luxury footwear label just announced it's offering boots in extended calf sizes. It's the first brand to do so. Tamara Mellon launched its black Icon boot in 2017 and has remade this style with three different calf widths: small, medium, and large. Simply select your usual shoe size then a special calf width to find that magical fit. The versatile $795 boot is made with gorgeous nappa leather and has a 2.95 inch heel to comfortably take you from point A to point B. You can wear the boot with jeans (yay!), tights, or just by itself paired with a pleated skirt or maxi dress. To celebrate this special launch, the brand featured three women—actress and model Alessandra Garcia Lorido, model Matisse, and actress/director/singer/writer Adepero Oduye—in the campaign. Check out some images from the launch below, then shop the boot. Your perfect fit awaits.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.subscribe here		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The look is sexy but cozy. It's not just #sweaterweather—it's also cardigan weather. This item reigns supreme for fall/winter, especially the style where the cardigan's buttons are half-unbuttoned and sit just an inch further apart than expected, teasing a peek of skin. This It look has been rocked by fashion influencers like Danielle Bernstein and, now, celebrities like Bella Hadid: On Wednesday, the model was spotted leaving a studio in New York City wearing a black, long-sleeved cardigan. The first thing to catch our attention was the half-unbuttoned look, which showed off Bella's stomach. It was sexy, but not overtly flashy, and the look was a more interesting take than your typical cardigan over T-shirt combo. Bella paired the cardi with pinstripe beige pants and lace-up boots. Given the drop in temperature on the East Coast, she also had a coat in one hand as she made her way to the car. A knit beanie topped off the fall ensemble.  If there's one cardigan you're looking to buy for fall, let it be this sexy, fun style that shows off a hint of skin.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			These pieces have special meanings in my life. In our biweekly series, editors share "the item they wear to death," whether it be a basic white tee or a super-trendy jumpsuit. Prepare yourself (and your credit card) for some guilt-free shopping.I started adorning my hands and neck with jewelry shortly before I attended art school. It seemed like a natural extension of my post high school life, as I was earnestly trying to be creative in all aspects of my existence. My hair was asymmetrical, my clothes were eccentric and second hand, my jackets were covered in band pins, and my hands were covered in vintage silver and gold jewelry. (Although, to be honest, this aesthetic was mostly because I could only afford to cut my own hair and buy used clothing and jewelry.) I was slowly developing my own sense of style, sure it was derivative but it was mine!During this early time in my life, I met a woman that is still a cherished friend to this day. Her name then was Maggie Simpson and we bonded over punk rock, reading and writing zines, traveling, and general teenage mischief. In college, she started making rings and I was more than happy to be an early wearer. It started slowly with pieces she crafted in her jewelry making class at Pratt while working as a printmaker. Her style evolved to incorporate influences from Victorian mourning and memento mori. Soon, the brand "Margaret Cross Jewelry" was born.     My favorite Margaret Cross pieces have been with me through some major moments in my life. Let's take a brief walk through my timeline! I was wearing the horseshoe equestrian ring on my finger when I received the much awaited call from Hearst Magazines, offering me a job in the winter of 2016. As a visuals editor with Marie Claire, I like to wear it as my talisman on set, just in case I need a little luck on my side. The opal noose necklace was around my neck when I moved back to NYC after a brief stint living in Jamaica. I came back to the states to leave an unhealthy relationship, and to start anew. The necklace symbolized the death of my old habits and a transition into a life full of possibility. Harvest season, the last chance to pluck life from the earth before winter chills all growth.A post shared by  Lauren Brown (@laurenwbrown) on Oct 8, 2016 at 12:35pm PDTMy newest addition, an item that I can't wait to wear to death, is the black onyx crown ring. The crown jewel of my collection, so to speak, and a delicate compliment to any ring on my finger. My daily editor uniform is black and this pretty gold ring goes with and dresses up any outfit I pair it with. Sometimes when I get a little anxious about an upcoming shoot, I like to stare at the jewelry on my hands, and think about how far I've come. It always works.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Long, cozy sweater dresses are the effortless head-to-toe solution for any occasion.When the temps begin to plunge, getting dressed to impress can take on a whole new struggle factor—but bulky coats and lumpy sweaters don't have to define your cold weather style. Swap out your cute summer dresses for this season's chic knit fare paired with knee high boots and a fun statement earring. Feeling bold? Play with proportion by wearing a calf-length knit over a your fave denim. Trust us, it works!  Here, Elizabeth von der Goltz, global buying director at Net-a-Porter, explains why a knit dress is your new no-brainer investment piece.Marie Claire: What is the origin of knit used in fashion?Elizabeth von der Goltz: Knitting was one of the earliest ways to make clothes. The earliest known knitted items date back to the 11th century in regions of Egypt. MC: Have you seen an uptick in the purchases of knit dresses? EV: We’re experiencing a resurgence. Nanushka’s Cruise 2019 knitted knot dress sold out within three weeks. MC: What makes this an enduring style? EV: Knit dresses are easy to wear and comfortable. It is the best way to look chic and pulled together in an effortless way. MC: How do you style one for the fall? EV: I like pairing a knit dress with a great slouch or shaft boot and a menswear-inspired coat draped over my shoulders. MC: Why is this a worthy investment piece? EV: A good knit dress will not go out of style. I love bringing them on trips; they are easy to pack for a day-to-night look.Shop our favorite looks, below. •••A version of this story appeared in the September 2019 issue of Marie Claire.subscribe here		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Ask any woman who found the perfect leather jacket and she'll tell you her life changed. It's the only accessory that can truly be worn year-round, no matter how warm or cold it is (throw that baby over your shoulders in the summer!), and it will always feel like the first time when you put it on. Investing in one doesn't have to leave you staring blankly at your credit bill the next month, either—there are plenty of affordable faux ones that look completely real. Fall in love with one of these timeless leather jackets, ahead.  See what I mean about the affordable leather? This faux leather bomber jacket will go perfectly with a pair of jeans and combat boots. Meet the leather jacket's professional older sister: the leather blazer. Not all work environments encourage the personal style you deserve to show off, but you can still get your leather fix with this pick.Found: The perfectly-cropped leather jacket you will be wearing to the bar every time. Promise. Switch up the typical black leather jacket with an olive leather...shirt jacket! It's chic enough for those Very Important Meetings at the office. Universal Standard's leather moto jacket isn't too small or too oversized—it's just right. Pair it with a great maxi skirt (as seen here) before it gets too cold, or a great pair of jeans. The best part about Nashville-based brand ABLE isn't pieces like its timeless leather jacket—the brand aims to end generational poverty by providing women with working opportunities at the company. Learn more about their strategy here. Ah, the classic. Most people would classify this as the leather jacket of leather jackets. Its front zip closure is an added bonus to its just-right length at the hips. Found: A sophisticated, silhouette-hugging leather jacket perfect for that transition from summer to fall when you don't need to layer up...yet.  Anthropologie's puff-sleeved leather moto jacket is what dreams are made of. I don't need to tell you what to do next. The kind of jacket people will give you compliments on, no matter how many times they've seen you wear it. The gorgeous sherpa will also keep you super warm.Hoodie, but make it an edgy leather jacket. If you're not feeling the hood, it's detachable. Trench coats don't have to be exclusively suede or wool. This patent leather one from Urban Outfitters will make any outfit look effortlessly chic (even when you spent 20 minutes staring into the abyss of your closet figuring out an outfit). ...Or choose the colorless option if you're an urban dweller who refuses to stray from the city uniform.At first glance, this reversible faux leather BB Dakota pick doesn't look like a traditional leather jacket, which is exactly the point. The draped lapels add a softer look for the office or dinner with friends when you don't want to be the center of attention (yes, a great leather jacket does that). Hi, please bury me in this patent leather jacket. The boxy silhouette makes it a layering dream. "Oh, is that vintage?" This washed motorcycle jacket looks like it's been a part of your personal collection for years with its soft, easily-broken-in material. •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter. SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Never underestimate the power of great jeans, especially from a brand like Levi's known for its cult-favorite styles. The clothing company checks off all the boxes for a fab pair of denim (we would know...have you seen our complete guide on denim?)—soft, stylish, and a hint of stretch all at an affordable price. As if you needed another reason to love Levi's, Amazon's currently having a low-key sale on some of the brand's popular styles. Simply search for Levi's and you'll find everything from a straight-legged pair to classic skinny jeans to a bootcut option that will look amazing with your new booties for fall. Most pairs are free of embellishments, rips, and frays, so they'll transition nicely from casual Fridays at the office to happy hour with friends. $49.99$37.50$69.50$39.99$49.99$37.50$49.99$35.70The catch? Since prices vary by size, style, and color, you'll have to sift through each listing to find the deal for you. But trust us: The search is so worth it. Some pairs, like the ones above, are selling for as low as $36. Perhaps an early holiday gift to yourself? Shop more Amazon Fashion sales with Slick Deals.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Also, everything is pretty much $50 and under.Shopping on Amazon can be overwhelming, especially when it comes to fashion. I mean, there are seemingly millions of brands and items to sift through. I get it! (But when you finally land on something that catches your eye, the amazingly fast shipping and thorough product reviews make up for it.) If the time has come to browse for some new fall wardrobe styles on the site but you’re a little unsure of where to start, stop what you’re doing now and check out the brand Floerns. It’s available only on Amazon, and it has some very cute clothes at prices that are almost too good to be true—but they’re the real deal.  For example, it has very on-trend snakeskin- and leopard-print pieces in a variety of silhouettes.     There are endless amounts of denim jackets (which are very inexpensive) in light to dark washes, with distressed fabric, or even in camo patterns. And are you looking for *actually* trendy clothes to wear to work? The tweed shifts, chic pussy-bow blouses, pencil skirts, and printed dresses from Floerns are perfect for the office (and also stylish enough to wear to a happy hour after). A catch: Floerns isn’t the most size-inclusive option out there. That said, it does go up to size 1X. There’s even a whole section on the site where you can easily shop extended-size items. This is definitely a great resource for adding to cart on the extremely large site if you’re completely frazzled by the sheer volume of the clothing inventory. (*raises hand*) One more plus? All the products are available on Prime, which means free two-day shipping, baby. So if you’re looking to add some standout pieces to your closet this fall, I’d get shopping ASAP. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.subscribe hereFrom: Cosmopolitan US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Teddy coat, check. Faux-fur boots, check. Did you make your fall fashion wish list (and check it twice) yet? If not, consider this a friendly reminder before you're stuck with too-thin-to-wear cotton dresses and sandals in that 55-degree weather. For everyone else who has an on-going list of things to buy (hello, that's me), apologies. I am about to add more fall-friendly must-haves for consideration. The silver lining here is that every single product is from Amazon—the place where you can find a sweater for under $40. It won't take much spending to outfit yourself in fall's newest trend pieces, so make room for our favorite fall style finds on your wish list now.Google "teddy coats" and you'll see the trend is still alive and flourishing this season. The textured outerwear is gaining steam again in various styles, from color-blocking to neon colors, but opt for the original hues like this autumnal fall brown to keep it classically tasteful. A baggy turtleneck you can shrink into and not feel guilty about wearing six out of the seven days of the week. This top comes in eight other colors and, most importantly, according to customers, isn't itchy. Buy in your regular size unless you want an even slouchier look. There are so many ways to wear this dress for the cooler temperatures ahead. You can cover up with a blazer, tuck a turtleneck underneath, or throw an oversize sweater on top so only the lower half shows in a "is it a dress or is it a skirt?" illusion. If you love Dr. Martens and already have combat boots from them, go for this Chelsea ankle boot variation. You can wear right now all the way into winter, thanks to the warm faux fur lining on the inside. The soles are also slip-resistant, so don't worry about that invisible patch of ice on the sidewalk.Tired of #sweaterweather? This black top with sheer puff sleeves is the one-piece you need to spice up your shirt options for fall. Since nothing else is see-through, you can definitely wear this to work tucked into a pair of jeans or trousers. This outerwear is tagged as one of Amazon's "best sellers" and has over 7,000 reviews. One person wrote "It's a decent thickness down jacket that stands up to Michigan winters" while another wrote, "No. Doesn't hold up to Seattle weather. Soaked thru to clothes underneath." Though the jacket is cute and looks luxe, reviews on the quality of the piece are mixed. Some seemed to have gotten the coat in excellent condition, while others have discovered loose threads and holes. For the price and style, though, it doesn't hurt to order and try it on for yourself, and return if you don't like it.The one feature that makes this blazer different than the other ones hanging in your current closet is the built-in belt. The natural waist-cinching design makes you look instantly put together even if you just wear this with jeans. Throw on a pair of heels and earrings and you'll be ready to head out the door in minutes. When you're all bundled up, it's easy to forgo jewelry. This pearl bracelet will convince you to do otherwise. The shiny iridescent shapes coupled with multicolored beads deserves to see the daylight, so wear the piece by itself or with a few other delicate gold chains. Say goodbye to your linen trousers and denim shorts. It's all about jeans for the next few months. Paige makes some of the softest and most comfortable denim around, which you can now shop directly from Amazon. Add this to your checkout cart along with miscellaneous items like nipple covers and iPhone cases. With all the upcoming holiday parties, work gatherings, and winter weddings, you'll need a dress you can rewear without it feeling old and boring. Enter this ruffle one-shoulder thigh-high slit gown from Keepsake the Label. Your average LBD won't compare.A pair of work-appropriate pants you can wear even on the weekends. According to reviewers, the bottoms are extremely well made, soft, and drapes well on the body. Wear with a pair of heeled ankle boots, so you can properly show off the flare hems. Don't let the size of this scarf fool you in photos. It'll unroll into a length suitable to wear as a shawl or as a lap blanket when you're at your desk in the office. Aside from the multiple use, it'll protect your neck on even the windiest of days.Fleece pullovers aren't just for adventurous campers or hikers. This outdoorsy piece has been remade into cuter styles like this leopard one for anyone to wear. You can rock them with jeans and sneakers just as easily as with sweats.If you didn't know this luxury shoe brand was sold on Amazon, now you do. You can find a wide array of styles, from loafers to heels and boots. One of our favorites is this skinny sock boot with a pointed toe. It's a sleek and versatile everyday shoe to rock with jeans or underneath a dress.Pick your spirit animal (the skirt comes in two different snakeskin prints and a tiger print) to channel for the rest of fall. The midi length shows off your ankle boots while the side slit flashes a hint of your skin's fading tan from summer. Wear it tucked over or under a sweater.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Sneakers, pillows, hair accessories...After a week's worth of meetings and deadlines, we're only a few short hours away from the weekend. And what better way to celebrate than buying things on sale? For a limited time only, Urban Outfitters is offering up to 40 percent off sale items. Yes, it's a sale within a sale. Our favorite.Though you may associate Urban Outfitters with your high school and college shopping habits, it turns out that Urban is just as stellar of a place to shop today. (Mainly because it's one of the only stores with a "going out tops" section.) Whether you're looking for affordable furniture, trendy clothes and accessories, or some wardrobe staples for fall, Urban Outfitters' sale section is bound to have something for you. The only catch? It is slim pickings. Unfortunately, a lot of sizes and colors are out of stock. Which means, if you see something you like, it's a good idea to add it to your cart sooner rather than later. Otherwise, it'll be gone before you know it. Shop our top picks, below. $150$99.99Need a new pair of running shoes? With plush cushioning and a breathable mesh construction, this pair of sneakers will actually motivate you to leave the couch this winter. $69$34.99Sweater weather is officially here, which means now's a better time than any to pick up a new cardigan. Trust us, a sweet cable knit option will never go out of style. $79$59.99Light up the night—well, at least your nightstand—with this cute, curvy lamp. $16$9.99Urban Outfitters has plenty of clips, hair ties, and headbands on sale. We're particularly fond of this sweet pearl pin. $59$29.99Consider this sale a great opportunity to stock up on some wardrobe staples, like a versatile pair of skinny jeans. $49$39.99Can you ever have too many throw pillows? (The answer is no.) We're eying this cool lumbar option. $149$79.99Consider this faux croc leather jacket the perfect layering piece for fall. Whether you pair it with a turtleneck, a casual T-shirt and jeans, or a breezy floral maxi, you'll be a shoo-in for best dressed amongst your friends.$99-$219$79.99-$199.99Calling all design enthusiasts: Urban Outfitters has slashed the prices of its beautiful rug collection, including this geo-printed one. $110$89.99Made with French beech wood and pony hair, this dustpan set will add a stylish flair to your weekly chores. We never thought we'd be excited to clean our apartment...•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			** Plays Beyoncé and struts in front of the mirror. **You've heard it a hundred times, but truly, there is nothing sexier than confidence. To give you that extra push towards unleashing your inner Rihanna-ness (or J.Lo, or Bey), here are my personal recommendations: Indulge in self-care, whether that be eating right or exercising or giving yourself time to relax, and spice up your wardrobe with a sultry piece. Now, I'm only qualified to advise on the latter, so I'll be focusing on that today. And, to clarify, dressing "sexy" does not mean showing lots of skin or dressing for a male fantasy. Dressing sexy means wearing clothes that make you feel you, which often times, in turn, makes the people around you feel you too. Whether you're dressing for date night, a GNO, or just for yourself, here are some looks to wear when you're feeling like a saucy little minx.  Planning a rendezvous with somebody and it's warm out? Do yourself a favor and take this satin '70s number for a spin. Featuring a plunging neckline, a partially open back, and goddess-like sleeves, this dress's slimming fit simultaneously flatters and forgives in all the right places. Heels and a cute pink bag say "I'm going out to dance."Rixo dress, $399SHOP ITKenneth Jay Lane hoop earrings, $24SHOP ITStaud bag, $275SHOP ITZara shoes, $50SHOP ITCarine Roitfeld, est-ce toi? Channel your inner French fashion girl with a trench coat and harmoniously paired neutrals for a sophisticated and sexy street style look. Next, balance grace and edge underneath with a sheer blouse (this one only costs $13!) tucked into mid-rise faux-denim.By Malene Birger trench coat, $640SHOP ITForever 21 blouse, $13SHOP ITBLANKNYC leggings, $98SHOP ITYuzefi tote, $665SHOP ITTibi booties, $795SHOP ITAs revived by Margot Robbie in Once Upon A Time In Hollywood, the short skirt with boots combo is having a moment. If you're a wild child at heart, I suggest going all out with this classically shaped patent-vinyl mini dress and a pair of stiletto-heeled snakeskin boots. It's sexy, but in a mod way.Ganni dress, $280SHOP ITEmilio Pucci hoops, $230SHOP ITSchutz boots, $290SHOP ITWandler shoulder bag, $610SHOP ITFor an unabashedly sultry look, take a cue from night life personifiers Kendall Jenner and Paris Hilton and pair a cowl neck slip dress with crystals. This lustrous option from Aritzia is an especially smart choice because it features adjustable side ties, so it can be worn a different length every time, depending on how spicy you're feeling.Aritzia slip dress, $148SHOP ITNina earrings, $98SHOP ITJustine Clenquet necklace, $95SHOP ITCult Gaia bag, $288SHOP ITSteve Madden shoes, $102SHOP ITI love this lacy bustier dress from Allen Schwartz for alleviating the struggle of having no idea what to wear to events when the dress code ambiguously reads "cocktail hour attire." Yes, this piece is definitely a splurge, but there's really nothing else like it out there. (Trust me, I've looked.) For accessories, pair this timeless dress with accessories that won't run the risk of ripping anything, such as this satin top-handle bag from Rixo.Allen Schwartz dress, $540SHOP ITNordstrom hoops, $49SHOP ITMejuri ring, $90SHOP ITRixo bag, $305SHOP ITSchutz heels, $170SHOP ITChange up your going-out attire by introducing flirty textures to pieces likely already found somewhere in your closet. Here, a pair of mom jeans is given a kittenish upgrade when styled with a feathery crop top, a satin bag, and fabulous leather Dear Frances mules.Prada top, $936SHOP ITAll Saints belt, $78SHOP ITTopshop jeans, $80SHOP ITImago-A bag, $315SHOP ITDear Frances mules, $325SHOP ITFresh off the Zendaya x Tommy Hilfiger runway, these knee-high leather boots were made for the woman who knows where she's going. Style these with a tailored blazer dress for a sharp look that feels confident and sophisticated. Also, is anyone else getting Meghan Markle vibes from this ensemble? Anine Bing dress, $449SHOP ITLoren Stewart earrings, $326SHOP ITTommy Hilfiger boots, $252SHOP ITMango bag, $40SHOP ITWhen it comes to playfully chic fashion labels, few brands come to mind faster than Staud. Here, a floral coordinating set paired with satin mules—all from the brand's fall 2019 collection—exudes effortless, flower-child glamor. For accessories, try a beaded wrist clutch to add a flirty '90s feel or a chain link bracelet to add a subtle touch of bling. Staud top, $145SHOP ITStaud skirt, $225SHOP ITShashi chain bracelet, $40SHOP ITUrban Expressions handbag, $45SHOP ITStaud mules, $295SHOP ITThe trend of biker shorts paired with an oversized blazer isn't going anywhere soon, according to the fashion crowd. If you're seeking a comfy-hot-tomboy look that can be recycled into a variety of outfits, opt for a boxy blazer paired with chunky sneakers. Everlane blazer, $180SHOP ITTNA T-shirt, $25SHOP ITWilfred Free bike shorts, $78SHOP IT Kendra Scott necklace, $65SHOP ITNike sneakers, $161SHOP ITFor proof that dressing sexy by no means translates to showing a lot of skin, look no further than the sleek combination of a  cutout turtleneck paired with your wildest pair of pants. And if cherry red patent-vinyl isn't your thing (fair), this look works just as well with a classic pair of Levi wedgies.The Range turtleneck, $145SHOP ITFiorucci vinyl trousers, $229SHOP ITAdina’s Jewels bracelet, $72SHOP ITDanse Lente bag, $495SHOP ITH&M ankle boots, $70SHOP IT•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Kate Middleton showed up at Prince Louis' christening wearing a cream Alexander McQueen, fancy flowery headband, and gorgeous pearl floral earrings that completed the look in a subtle, but lovely way. The originals, Cavolfiore Pearl Studs (which, incidentally, are also available to buy), cost a cool £4,490. There's an inexpensive version inspired by the studs available on Marks & Spencer, however, at a much more reasonable $13. Per HELLO!, "According to Cassandra's website, the 18ct pearl and diamond earrings are 'inspired by the clusters of young flower stalks of the cauliflower (cavolfiore) in the market.'" So, actually, it's less a flower and more a...cauliflower! Go figure! The M&S version has a center cluster of crystals instead of pearls, so it's not the EXACT same look and more like an inspiration. They're still really pretty, even though of course it's very different in kind from, you know, a pair that costs nearly $5,700.Here's a reminder of Middleton's full look, with George and Charlotte in the background looking feisty as ever (I love her staring down at Louis with all the love and pride in the world, like, "LOOK at what we did!!"): And there's still earrings available at M&S, should you want to get a version of your own:Marks & Spencer Pearl Effect Crystal Floral Stud Earrings, $13. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Take a trip down memory lane.Ahhh, the '80s. A magical time when the size of one's blazer could be bested only by the volume of one's hair. (See: Brooke Shields.) Celebrity fashion during this decade was inarguably glorious and even inspired a revival of '80s trends in recent fashion seasons. A few of our favorites: prairie dresses, scrunchies, and boxy blazers. If you weren't born in the '80s or have no recollection of the looks then, we found some stylish celebrity looks circa the '80s to remind you. Take a trip down memory lane and get inspired, ahead.The singer stunned in a glittery plunging-neckline blue gown while on stage at a concert. It was a timeless look that still feels relevant today.Forget the red carpet dress, Thompson chose an oversize purple satin (silk?) tuxedo set for the premiere of "That's Life" in West Hollywood. We wonder if she saved this look for her daughters Zoey and Madelyn Deutch?The star looked demure in a floral headscarf and matching dress at the MTV Video Music Awards in California. We dig the outfit.Milano, who was 15 years old in this photo, attended an all-star baseball game dressed in sporty striped biker shorts and a red bodysuit. She was ahead of the trends, biker shorts are everywhere now.Stars were into the loose and oversized ensembles of the '80s. Here's Beals in a long white shirt, jacket, and jeans. She could have done without the belt, though. Two years before starring in Thelma & Louise, Davis got on stage at the 61st Annual Academy Awards to accept an Oscar for Best Supporting Actress in "The Accidental Tourist." She wore a silver dress with a tulle train.Susan Sarandon and Tim Robbins attended a pro-choice rally in Washington D.C. Sarandon leaned into the oversize blazer look with this red leather version.Heburn, a member of Hollywood royalty, proved why she will always be a style icon when she wore this red gown and feather boa to an event. Being 60 never looked so good.The actress looked cool and edgy in a leather jacket at the Los Angeles premiere of Great Balls of Fire! Dennis Quaid should have matched her.The actress wore an embellished dress while out at Studio 54 with her daughter Gwyneth Paltrow, who was then 13 years old (rocking a prairie dress, we might add). You can definitely find similar looks today in a vintage shop.That feeling when your shirt, massively oversized blazer, hair, and pocket square (?!?!?) all coordinate. Roberts kills it in suits.Totally normal-sized hat paired with equally normal-sized sunglasses, nothing to see here. Also, she and daughter Zoë Kravitz are literal twins.To be honest, this look is pretty current. Sitting on a chair backwards, however, is the most dated thing ever. We love you Drew.A lot has changed since 1983 (especially Kidman's hair), but this look? It exists beyond the confines of time. Apparently gladiator sandals also had a moment in the '80s. We're feeling it though.Ways to Style a White Turtleneck, Volume VIII. Also, teach us your voluminous hair tricks Brooke.Here, SJP is pictured at a "Mobilize for Women's Lives" pro-choice rally in LA. Her '80s look is the wonderfully classic pearl necklace and oversized white button-up, but it's the side-pony that makes it.The hair, the sequins, the big clasp details! This would be a good Halloween outfit to recreate. Madonna did bike shorts first and rocked it. This stage outfit was more understated than some of her previous performance looks.Honestly, if you stare at it long enough, it actually becomes sort of fabulous? We'd turn that skirt into a shorter one, though.The royal looked like a beautiful strawberry (we mean this in the best way) in a sparkly spaghetti strap dress with a sweetheart neckline.This coat is basically the more fabulous version of Ron Weasley's dress robes for the Yule Ball (sorry, Ron). The princess even did a little matchy-matchy portion with her hat and heels.  The square neckline. The red lips. The sparkly, thick straps. The big hair. This is Molly Ringwald's look for the 59th Academy Awards. You know how it's mysteriously cool-girl to wear fishnet tights under pants, with the tights peeping out the top? '80s Madonna gets it. Take me on vacation, Cyndi. Paint my eyelids green. Make me a shell bracelet. Girls just wanna have fun. Her face = judging all the other outfits on this list. She made a simple blazer, t-shirt, and panama hat look so, so cool. You can never have enough layers. And, these somehow all work together? A suit set that not only looks feminine and sophisticated, but also wearable. Ten out of 10 for execution.  Chunky jewelry, chunky sleeves, open neckline, sleek hair. This look truly has it all. Squad goals, always and forever. Another Halloween costume idea for you.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			All she needs now is a PSL.It's leather jacket season—or, if you're Katie Holmes, blazer season. The actress was spotted in New York City rocking a wool blazer the color of a chai latte, perfect for a crisp fall day. (We tracked down the $200 piece to Mango, and it's still available in some sizes, below.) The blazer is designed for a slightly oversized fit, and features three buttons on the front with two side pockets. While the Mango model below styles the jacket with a white midi dress and black boots, Holmes wore her tailored outerwear with a white tee and cream-colored chinos that were cropped at the ankles to shop off her black mules. The star finished the look with a pair of Prada Eyewear sunglasses (perhaps to hide from the paparazzi?), a simple gold chain necklace, and a leather handbag from Louis Vuitton. Her outfit was refined and simple, a look that would work for the office or a casual brunch meeting. This wasn't even the first time Holmes wore a blazer this October; she also rocked one a few days ago for a Rothy's event. Love the blazer? Shop it now, plus similar options, ahead.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Just go for it. The thigh-high boot is a dramatic shoe. There's something provocative, but also uber stylish, about the silhouette. Julia Roberts in Pretty Woman rocked them amazingly well—though, if pre-makeover Vivian Ward isn't exactly the vibe you're going for on a Monday morning, we understand. We've found seven work- and weekend-appropriate ways to wear the shoe without shoving you completely out of your comfort zone. Thigh-high boots can look elegant, not tawdry, when styled with the right fall/winter pieces. Using a little street style inspo, below, we'll show you how to put items you already own together for a cohesive, fashion girl-approved ensemble.Take a note from this street style star and have your thigh-high boots peek out from underneath a leather skirt. Color coordinate the two pieces for a uniform bottom, then add a little color on top with a festive sweater. This combination looks smart and put together, so feel free to show off the look at the office or on a date.Shop the pieces: 1. Max Mara coat, $2,750; 2. Ganni sweater, $264; 3. Sam Edelman boots, $240; 4. Alexa Chung leather skirt, $269; 5. Mansur Gavriel x Calder Circle bag, $795Meet your thigh-high boots halfway with a pair of biker shorts. The denim variety adds more intrigue than a pair of blue jeans, while a cropped shearling bomber jacket ensures you're properly covered in the cooler weather. The ensemble says sporty yet stylish, though you won't be running around any fields in those boots. Scuff marks are the bane of our existence.Shop the pieces: 1. 3.1 Phillip Lim bomber jacket, $595; 2. AG Jeans denim shorts, $126; 3. Stuart Weitzman boots, $850; 4. Brahmin bucket bag, $265You're not ready to part with your summer mini dress. The solution? Throw on a pair of thigh-high boots, maybe some tights, and then cocoon yourself into the fluffiest, furry coat. The trick to pulling off this outfit is covering up as much as possible. And, calling a cab to get to and from events. (You won't see me in this outfit on a grocery store run this winter.) Shop the pieces: 1. Nanushka coat, $850; 2. Isabel Marant dress, $645; 3. Casadei thigh-high boots, $1,325; 4. Cult Gaia tote, $300 Double down on one of fall/winter's most popular trends: animal print. Start with a snakeskin thigh-high boot and match your outerwear to your shoes. If you're looking for a two-for-one, unbutton this dress and wear it as a coat over another shift. Or,  button up (leave a few undone at the bottom to show off your shoes) and top with a heavier coat.  Shop the pieces: 1. Stand Studio dress, $960; 2. Zimmermann polka dot dress, $233; 3. Steve Madden boots, $110; 4. Tara Zadeh leather clutch, $289The cool alternative to a trench coat in 2019? A cape. You're probably wondering how to wear this without it slipping completely off your shoulders—Miu Miu has the answer. The brand's utilitarian cape comes with two arm holes for you to slide into and has buttons all down the front for secure fastening. Since the outerwear is so special, keep the rest of your pieces simple, including your thigh-high boots. A classic brown block heeled option works perfectly.Shop the pieces: 1. Miu Miu cape, $2,970; 2. Everlane sweater, $95; 3. Madewell jeans, $128; 4. Splendid boots, $169; 5. MCM pouch, $375Thigh-high boots can look prim and proper, rather than super casual, when worn with a shirtdress and blazer. Take a note from Chiara Ferragni who balanced out the boldness of her casual red boots with some tailored pieces. These small changes also took the outfit from Superwoman costume to power woman on the move. Though, if you wanted to be Superwoman on October 31st, here's half of your outfit already.Shop the pieces: 1. AllSaints blazer, $198; 2. Anna Sui sunglasses, $149; 3. Sies Marjan shirtdress, $895; 4. GUESS Inc. red boot, $169; 5. Botkier crossbody bag, $198 A sweater dress and thigh-high boot is a classic combination. To keep it feeling fresh and new this season, opt for a luxurious Fendi pair—everyone's rocking the brand right now—and Aritzia's newest super puff outerwear. The iconic footwear instantly elevates any basic outfit to a more fabulous version of itself. For more ideas on how to style this thigh-high boot: wear it with jeans, wear it under a long dress, wear it with tights, etc etc.Shop the pieces: 1. Aritzia long puffer coat, $298; 2. Vera Wang sunglasses, $275; 3. Topshop sweater dress, $75; 4. Fendi thigh-high boots, $1,590; 5. Marge Sherwood slim bag, $245•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Start your week on the right foot (sorry).Just because everyone and their mother owns a pair of Adidas Stan Smith sneakers doesn't mean you shouldn't swap out your dirty ones for a fresh pair...especially when there's an amazing sale happening. From now until October 10, Adidas is offering an extra 20 percent off sale items using the code "FALL20."If you aren't looking for a new pair of Stans, you'll still find a range of sneaker styles on sale, plus some clothing and accessories (including a really great pair of leggings). Sizes are already selling out, so it's a good idea to start filling your cart now. Shop our favorite picks, below. $90$36Consider Adidas' Nizza sneakers an elevated take on the classic high-top silhouette. Pro tip: Pair these kicks with a pair of cuffed boyfriend jeans. $180$100.80There's a reason Adidas' Ultraboost sneakers are one of the most popular styles around. With dual-density cushioning and a torsion spring built into the midsole, these sneakers will add a pep to your step. $220$88Between the water-repellent exterior and an outsole with all-weather traction, this pair of sneakers is designed to combat all the elements. $65$34.40While these shoes were designed with running in mind, the leather cap gives these sneakers a stylish flair. In other words, you don't have to go to the gym. $50$20Whether you're looking for a practical gym bag or a stylish way to schlep your computer to and from work, you'll get a lot of mileage out of this simplistic sack. $100$40 Take your street style game to the next level with Adidas' cult-classic Superstars. While this style comes in plenty of colors, there's something glamorous about that gilded stripe.$120$48Want to treat your S.O. to this sale? These cleats will come in handy when they're running drills on the turf.$60$33.60 Can you ever have too many leggings? (Rhetorical question.) Thanks to its mesh paneling, these leggings will become your go-to pair for that next hot yoga class.$100$56There's no denying Adidas is famous for its Superstar and Stan Smith sneakers. However, if you want to shake things up, the brand's under-the-radar Sambarose shoes are just as stylish. Slip these on and let the compliments roll in.$65$36.60Want to wear your love for Adidas on your sleeve? Adorned with the brand's signature stripes, this hoodie is an easy (and affordable!) way to embrace the athleisure trend. Plus, it comes in three different colors. •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The only thing you'll need to worry about are shoes.So you have to tear yourself away from a weekend of Netflix, eat, and repeat long enough to attend a friend's wedding? And worse, it's happening in the...winter? Shudder-inducing. Unlike spring and summer fetes, to which you can wear the bare minimum, winter weddings call for dresses in thick fabrics, like velvet, and with sleeves, if possible. Well, we've got you covered (literally). The options ahead are nice enough to wear more than once—i.e. the holy grail of wedding attire. This dress is made for the person who's always first to the dance floor. The pleated skirt shows off the dress' real magic—the black and white stripes underneath, which are revealed with each twirl and step you take. The halter neck style is made with lightweight crêpe, though, so you do need a long warm coat as you enter and exit the wedding venue.This effortless ribbed dress is for the minimalist who simply wants to be warm and comfortable at the ceremony and reception. Wear with a colorful furry jacket or bright accessories to make a statement. Then, add a touch of red lipstick.If you have to be outdoors for any reason whatsoever, go with a velvet dress. The thick fabric provides a slight barrier from the elements—you'll feel more covered than if you were to wear a flimsy chiffon gown, promise. Wear with a long wool coat. If you drove to the wedding, keep a pair of boots in the trunk to switch into for any wedding after-parties.Plunging necklines that go down to your belly button may be excessive for a wedding, but you do still want to show some skin. The solution? This floor-skimming maxi dress that features side cutouts. It shows off the right amount of skin while appearing sweet too thanks to the short sleeves and tulip skirt. What if the winter wedding you're attending is actually taking place somewhere tropical? Pack this tangy orange Caroline Constas dress with you to stand out in the lush green surroundings. The silky material gives this piece a luxurious look while the ruched ruffled fabric detail on front draws people's eyes straight to your legs. Style with silver sandals.The mother of the bride's ensemble is almost as important as your daughter's. While you don't want to upstage her (a.k.a. do not wear a white gown, unless she says it's okay), you do want to stand out. This Givenchy cape gown is your one-way ticket to a show-stopping moment. It's made from wool-crêpe and has floaty silk-chiffon sleeves that cascade to the floor. Beads and sequins around the neckline mean you can skip on heavily accessorizing. This cape dress packs a punch all on its own.I know I promised you dresses, but I will sneak a jumpsuit in here anyways because I love them. For most weddings, a one-piece is just as acceptable as a nice dress, especially if they look like this. What makes this jumpsuit chicer than your average LBD is the deep v-neckline, slightly flared hems, and back-draped cape sleeves. Add to cart, please.Sparkle and shine in this pre-fall 2019 dress from Carolina Herrera. It's perfect for more lavish weddings where being a little over the top is acceptable. This gown would also make a stunning maid of honor or bridesmaid look, if your crew has the budget to spare.  Worth it? I vote yes.When I think of "fall florals," this dress comes to mind: The colors are muted and dark, but the print is light and soft. Sheer sleeves show off your arm just a little while the hiked-up hemline reveals your fabulous heels. This dress is sure to be a piece you wear time and time again.This pistachio green hue is surprisingly easy on the eyes, although the dress also comes in two more versatile hues if this isn't your vibe. Nanushka fans will appreciate the effortless one-shoulder design and asymmetric hemline. This is a dress you can 100 percent rewear on vacation with sandals or to dinner with sneakers.One of the coolest details on this dress is the two tortoiseshell acrylic chain straps that draws the eyes to your shoulder and arms. Once their attention is hooked, turn to the side to show off your cutouts. The gold velvet also catches the light as you walk, so you'll look luminous from every angle. For weddings that lean more towards casual than black tie, you can get away with wearing a printed slip dress like this one. The cowl neckline offers modest coverage compared to a plunging v-neck and can easily be worn under a blazer or sweater for a Monday work outfit. The dress Ariel should have worn to have dinner with Prince Eric. This navy silk number is elegant and sexy, especially when you turn around to see the low back. Tie your hair into a low bun or pull it back into a half up-half down style, so everyone can see the full mermaid look.This dramatic one-shoulder dress is the ideal choice for a black tie wedding. It's long, body-hugging, and special (a result of the pleats and mermaid tail). Accessorize with a pair of emerald earrings or pearl accessories for that under-the-sea touch.There are two ways to wear this dress: One is with a fancy heel for weddings; the other is with boots or sneakers for a more casual weekend date night. Though conservative, the piece is appropriate for formal events, too, thanks to the print and ruched sleeves. Style with kitten heels like this.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Gowns, pasties, and oversized sombreros.For us regular people, standard airport attire involves our comfiest sweats and sneakers, perfect for catching a few Zzzs while squeezed into a seat designed for a doll. But when it comes to celebrities, many choose fashion over function, and most times, the looks make no sense. From Lady Gaga to Miley Cyrus, these celebrities have made some questionable choices when it comes to airport dressing. Click through to see some of the wildest travel looks over the years. Brigitte Bardot, 1965: Arriving at Paris' Orly airport after a trip to Mexico, Bardot's all smiles. But something tells us her seat mates were less than thrilled about her choice of hat?Lady Gaga, 2015: Didn't even make it to curbside check in before tripping in these shoes. Phyllis Diller, 1968: When this photo was taken, American comedian Phyllis Diller had just arrived at London's Heathrow airport with 35 (!) suitcases. Which is perhaps why she's wearing an absurd amount of fabric around her neck...so she doesn't have to check a 36th bag? Lady Gaga, 2011: At Tokyo's Narita airport in a monochrome look with maniacally high stilettos.Lady Gaga, 2012: At Tokyo's Narita airport  in 2012. Never not wearing ridiculous airport shoes. Lady Gaga 2014: Two years later and again at Tokyo's Narita airport, still wearing ankle-breaking airport shoes. Lady Gaga, 2014: At South Korea's Gimpo Airport, this time, wearing cheeks appliques that makes her look like a Pokémon character. Bella Thorne, 2018: At Los Angeles International Airport. Is this the biggest hood on a jacket....ever?Ariana Grande, 2015: She's also wearing The Practical-Until-You-Have-to-Pee Jumpsuit, but it's her footwear that kills us. Bai Ling, 2016: I don't want even to see the person in the seat next to me wearing open-toed shoes or too sheer leggings, but underboob?! That's a whole other level.Miley Cyrus,  2015: Sunflower-shaped pasties. Do we even need to say more. Lady Gaga, 2014: Not the choices we would have made for a plane butt...Kim Kardashian, 2012: Having to carry your skirt as you walk is glamorous when you're strolling a red carpet. When you're hustling through the airport, it's just dumb.Ashley Greene, 2012: Dragging hems are not your friend when you're going somewhere with people movers, escalators, and a generally gross floors everywhere.Nicole Scherzinger, 2012: How on earth is she not paranoid that she's stepping on the back of her dress the entire time?Candice Swanepoel, 2013: Candice appears to be stepping on the hem of her maxi skirt, but that doesn't stop her from powering through her airport walk like the supermodel that she is.Kesha, 2015: Honestly worried about her getting caught on that escalator. Turn around and look where you're going, Kesha! Paris Hilton, 2016: The heiress needs to take her sunglasses off and watch where she's stepping in this gown and heels situation.Paris Hilton, 2016: This time, Paris chose a maxi dress with a slit in the front to give her legs some additional walking room.Kesha, 2016: Though Kesha loves her airport maxi dresses, she tightly clutches on to this one just in case she takes a tumble.Lady Gaga, 2011:  She really is a master at somehow overcomplicating the airport outfit, even when she's wearing something "normal" for her. Lady Gaga, 2014: Arriving in Istanbul in...this...in 2014. She's in a league all her own. Taylor Swift, 2014: On the flip side of the Too-Long Hem, you have Teeny Tiny Shorts, which you don't want to wear either, because a) You've got SO MUCH of your bare skin exposed to the gross airplane seat and b) HOW are you not cold? Kate Hudson, 2015: Like,  that scarf isn't going to keep you warm on the overly air conditioned plane when you're wearing hot pants.Candice Swanepoel, 2012: Shearling and short shorts. If she's trying to confuse us about where she's heading, it's working. Miley Cyrus, 2010: Long sweater, teeeeeeny shorts.Jessica Simpson, 2014: Not only are her shorts insanely small, but, also, absurd shoes. (Though her legs look amazing.)Halsey, 2018: Teeny shorts and an even teenier crop top to go with it.Paris Hilton, 2015: A gown? Really?Lady Gaga, 2015: Impractical train + crotch-baring slit. Double whammy.From: ELLE US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			If the overwhelming amount of PSL orders and apple picking photos on your Instagram feed are any indication, it's officially time to layer up. While you probably have a collection of pea coats, puffer jackets, and fleeces to choose from, Amazon is currently selling a super stylish alternative, J.O.A.'s faux fur shearling jacket, for under $100. Available in various colors and materials—but always dotted with a plush, faux fur shearling lining!—this biker jacket looks like it came right off the runway. The styling opportunities are endless: Layer it over a t-shirt and boyfriend jeans, or throw on a pair of black skinny jeans and sleek black boots. On the days it still feels like summer, pair it with a breezy, floral maxi dress.Based on the reviews alone, scoop one up immediately sounds like a must-do: "This jacket looks like a $400 jacket. It's badass," one shopper wrote. "It's thick it's heavy, amazing, and high quality—freaking love it.""Love the style of the jacket and it feels warm enough for an L.A. 'winter,'" said another."Very warm jacket—and nice-fitting," explains a third reviewer.Oh, and did we mention J.O.A.'s faux fur shearling jacket is pretty affordable? You can currently purchase it for as little as $65 depending on the color and style you choose. Now the only thing left to do is add one to your cart, throw it on, and shake up the Instagram algorithm with a selfie in this jacket. It's only basic if you have the PSL in your hand. Shop more Amazon Fashion sales with Slick Deals. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Her wardrobe embodies the brand's whimsical DNA.In a bi-weekly series, we're interviewing female executives, founders, CEOs—basically, boss ladies—on their "power suit" a.k.a. the outfit they wear every day for easy dressing to conquer whatever the job throws at them.As the Creative Director of Kate Spade New York, Nicola Glass oversees all of the brand's product categories from ready-to-wear and accessories to home decor and bedding. Glass joined the company in 2018 (prior to this, she was at Michael Kors) and since then, has produced three successful runway collections—and counting. Her most recent lineup, spring 2020, took place in an intimate garden at New York Fashion Week, where she showed a brilliant array of floral dresses, buttery leather pieces, and vibrant-colored handbags."One of my first jobs out of college was with Gucci," she says. "There I was designing handbags and jewelry, so I think this background has continued to serve me well. It gives you an acute sense of detail."This eye for detail, plus years of expertise as a designer, has given Glass all the tools she needs to stay true to the brand's whimsical DNA while also moving the brand forward, enticing a fashion-oriented crowd. One notable fan of the brand is Pippa Middleton, who donned this floral blue dress for Lady Gabriella Windsor's wedding back in May 2019. "None of us had any idea Pippa would wear that dress to the wedding," says Glass. "She bought that dress herself, so sometimes you never know when or if they will even wear it. Everyone was thrilled when that photo came out of course. I thought she looked beautiful and it was an exciting moment for the team here."    Pippa is one of many famous faces who can be found in Kate Spade New York. Glass's runway shows are always packed with editors and stars alike, including Emma Roberts, Sadie Sink, and Emmy-winner Julia Garner. Glass designs clothes that millions of women love to wear, but what does she personally put on when she heads to the office? Yes her wardrobe is filled with Kate Spade New York goodies—I don't blame her—but, here, she also divulges her vintage-shopping addiction and how her work and weekend uniforms differ.  "Two mornings a week I work out with a trainer, which is important for me because it sets the tone for the day. The other mornings, I get up around 6:30 a.m. and walk my son Flynn to the bus stop—his bus stop is two blocks from our apartment in Dumbo, Brooklyn. We spend time together by having breakfast at a cafe nearby while he sits by the window to watch for the bus. Then I take the taxi into work for a quiet moment to myself, where I look over my schedule for the day and check my emails. I get into the office between 8 a.m. and 9 a.m then it's usually back-to-back meetings with groups like our design teams, marketing/public relations teams, or the store design teams. No two days are the same for me.""I've always loved color and ever since I joined Kate, I've been even wearing more color than I am used to. I say for work, I do keep it a little more polished, but still comfortable and easy. I'm definitely more casual on the weekends, since I'm running after my son and trying to keep up with him on his scooter. For those days, I am more likely to have on a summer dress or something more relaxed.""I don't wear head-to-toe Kate Spade every day because I like to mix it up. If I am wearing the brand, I'll either go for a dress that's quite easy to put on or I'll wear a silk/fun knit top with some more tailored pants. My style is always a mix of feminine and masculine. I don't ever wear sneakers to work, so it's a mix of heels and boots. Today, for example, I am wearing a shirtdress from our collection and it's in this fun floral print. I'll have a light blazer or jacket thrown over my shoulders if it needs layering. I also love denim as a fabric and I like it when the denim is slightly more tailored or unexpected, like a denim dress or more fitted denim pants.For jewelry, I am always conscious of throwing on a few pieces before I walk out the door. I like to mix metals and wear pieces like studded leather bracelets or incorporate a belt into my outfit [as another form of accessorizing]. I love designers like Phoebe Philo, Ossie Clarke, and Dries Van Noten. I also tend to wear a lot of vintage pieces—I have this cream dress by Karl Lagerfeld  from his Chloé era and it's so easy to style. I have a person in Milan who DMs me Instagram photos of pieces, and L.A. is also a great place for shopping vintage." "Feminine, confident, and easy.""Someone once told me 'it's not who you are that is holding you back, it's who you think you're not,' and that just always reminds me to believe in myself. Sometimes you have to do stuff outside of your comfort zone and just take that leap."For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Katie Holmes stepped out last week to attend a Rothy's event in a gorgeous transitional fall outfit that inspired so much outfit inspo. And lo and behold—she's wearing the brand's shoes, which are HIGHLY affordable (especially when compared to the rest of her outfit). Even better? It's sustainable fashion, so it's less toxic to the environment! It's not totally clear: Holmes might be wearing Rothy's classic The Point in black, or she may actually be wearing the Rothy's new sustainable merino wool collection—available for purchase on October 8—so start getting excited now, if you love sustainable fashion. For the moment, you can get the same look from their classic The Point flats, made from recycled plastic bottles. Per Vogue, Holmes' ivory and pink slip dress was based off of a design from Gabriela Hearst's 2020 show, and she's carrying the Hearst Nina bag (available in a ton of colors), both of which are more expensive than the very affordable Rothy's. She's killing it with her high-low fashion right now. Speaking to InStyle at the event, Holmes said sustainability is really important to her: "It's at the front of my mind every day, especially having a child and just being a human being...It's important to think about what we're doing to our world. I don't buy a lot of clothing, and I try to be very balanced in my life."Here's the full look:And on Instagram we got a look at her weather-appropriate light blazer to finish off the look:  New York moment 💕 @gabrielahearst @rothys @juliavonboehm @djquintero @greggbrockingtonmakeupA post shared by  Katie Holmes (@katieholmes212) on Oct 3, 2019 at 3:52pm PDTWhich is perfect for fall. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Ten shoes and three bags await you.No one forgets their first pair of Jimmy Choos. The luxury accessories brand has dressed everyone from Princess Diana (she had a close relationship with the designer) to Hollywood stars like Beyoncé and Selena Gomez. It has a ubiquitous presence on every red carpet—which is why the brand's latest collab makes total sense. Jimmy Choo has partnered up with Net-a-Porter to create an exclusive capsule collection of red carpet styles totaling 13 pieces. "The collection was inspired by the confidence and glamour leading ladies exude when walking the red carpet, mixed with the idea of fantasy," said Creative Director Sandra Choi in a statement. "Each style has a feminity, seductiveness, and the finesse of couture."The collection, which consists of 10 shoes and three evening handbags, all feature distinct designs. There's a touch of crystal on the straps or decorative wispy feathers at the heel, something to always draw the eyes downwards. The handbags mirror the red-carpet-worthy shoes and come in versatile black embellished with crystals and bows. The pieces don't have to be reserved strictly for the red carpet though: You can easily wear any of the items to a charity gala, on your birthday, or to that upcoming fall/winter wedding...or just for a glass of wine in your own apartment.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The ultimate in sophistication.Chunky sweaters, cozy blankets, and pumpkin spice lattes—OH MY! This slightly colder weather is quickly transforming my hot girl summer closet into a basic b*tch oasis. Fall is full of every girls' favorite cable-knit pullovers, boots, and teddy bear coats, but allow me to introduce these 15 pairs of plaid pants, a trend that has been all over the runway and is far from basic. It will spice up your wardrobe (minus the pumpkin).So give your dark wash denim a break. I've searched the internet and window shopped 'til I dropped, and found the 15 best pairs of glen plaid pants. Glen plaid, which combines small and large checks, usually comes in more neutral colors—PERFECT for a versatile wardrobe staple. Not sure plaid is for you? Let me break it down: Paired with a chunky pullover and Stan Smiths, you have your effortless everyday look, rock a matching blazer and a strappy sandals for the chicest look around the office, or, if you’re looking for a little edge, pair with platform boots and a moto jacket.  Shop my top picks below, including Chloé cargo trousers, Cédric Charlier tapered leg pants (my personal favorite), and—if you dare to be different—even premature holiday-inspired Jean Paul Gaultier trousers that can be worn through December 25.•••A version of this article originally appeared in the September 2019 issue of Marie Claire.  subscribe here		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Katie Holmes is out and about in her home of New York, casually giving us all fashion envy in fall outfits that say "I've just stepped out and am perfectly prepared for the weather," as opposed to my fall outfits that say "I wasn't prepared, at all, and now I'm cold."Holmes captioned her latest photo "New York moment 💕" and tagged designer Gabriela Hearst (looks like she has the Demi bag in white), stylist Julia von Boehm, hairstylist DJ Quintero, and makeup artist Gregg Brockington. It doesn't look like she IDed the slip dress, but it hangs perfectly underneath a simple neutral blazer to give herself some structure, and warmth in the cooler temps, while still feeling effortlessly chic. Slip dresses: The perfect transitional garment! Not pictured, but also tagged: Rothy's, which must have been the shoes she's wearing (yay eco-fashion—not the first time Holmes has dipped into that trend!). Rothy's are terrific, and I'm a huge fan, so well done. Earlier in the week, she attended the JR: Chronicles Opening At the Brooklyn Museum, in what might be my ideal transitional outfit—seriously, if I could look like this anytime I leave the house in the fall, I'd be delighted. She wore a tan leather trench, white tee, cropped raw denim, tan striped bag, and white sneakers, another fall fashion staple. It looks like her hair is shorter than about a week ago, when she attended and spoke at Global Citizen (those might have been extensions, not sure): Getting ready for @glblctzn ❤️ @djquintero @genevieveherrA post shared by  Katie Holmes (@katieholmes212) on Sep 28, 2019 at 1:29pm PDTBut this shoulder-length cut is very Joey from Dawson's Creek, and I love it.Here are the posts:  New York moment 💕 @gabrielahearst @rothys @juliavonboehm @djquintero @greggbrockingtonmakeupA post shared by  Katie Holmes (@katieholmes212) on Oct 3, 2019 at 3:52pm PDT #jrchronicles @brooklynmuseum oct4-may3. Such an incredible show! @jrA post shared by  Katie Holmes (@katieholmes212) on Oct 4, 2019 at 4:25am PDTAnd this is a better look at her leather trench outfit: Gorgeous. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Last night, Gwendoline Christie attended the European premiere of her upcoming movie The Personal History Of David Copperfield in a semi-sheer gown that was absolutely stunning and had a cool optical illusion effect that you have to see. The custom Iris van Herpen "Suminagashi" ink dress (suminagashi refers to a particular Japanese paper marbling technique), matched with red Christian Louboutin pumps. The look was achieved with some very subtle illusion netting at the top (usually I think illusion netting looks obvious and jarring, but here it matches perfectly with her skin color and is barely visible). The effect is just so cool: It looks like the dress is running down in rivulets and turning red as it goes. In her Instagram post, Christie tagged her stylist Jerry Stafford, makeup artist Andrew Gallimore, hairdresser Ryan Wood, and trainer Dalton Wong. Galli also shared the makeup he used on Christie—simple, so as not to compete with the intricacy of the dress:  GLORIOUS GWENDOLINE @gwendolineuniverse #MAKEUP by me using @chanel.beauty Noir et Blanc de Chanel, Fall 19 collection and Rouge Allure Ink Fusion I’m Fresh Red @chanelofficial #styling @jerry_stafford in @irisvanherpen #hair @ryuken444 #andrewgallimore @clmhairandmakeupA post shared by  Andrew Gallimore (@andrewgallimakeup) on Oct 2, 2019 at 11:39pm PDTThe full, put-together look is, honestly, outstanding. I think part of the effect is that she just looks so proud, and her height combined with her perfect posture makes her look so beautifully tall: Brienne really knows how to clean up! (Almost made it through the post without a Game of Thrones joke, sorry.)For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Meghan Markle loves the Strathberry brand, and has (at least) three of their iconic, streamlined bags in tan, green, and colorblock burgundy. The bags are so insanely popular that they sell out within seconds, literally. But, luckily for us all, Nordstrom quietly and without fanfare restocked some classic Strathberry styles so we can all channel our inner princess. According to People, "Meghan has been seen carrying the brand’s designs since her very first official royal outing with Prince Harry in Nottingham in December 2017. The burgundy, navy, and, cream colorblocked tote that she carried not only sold out completely, but it sold out within 11 [minutes]." That is incredible.   The story went on, "Meghan was then spotted stepping out in February for a royal engagement in Edinburgh carrying the label’s East/West Leather Crossbody bag in Bottle Green to match her navy and green tartan plaid coat. And on her royal visit to Ireland in July, she was again seen carrying Strathberry's tan leather tote."So this is such a favored brand that she wears it everywhere. It's one of those investments where, practically speaking, the price-per-wear may actually much lower than the cost of the bag itself, because they're long-lasting and so classic that they go with everything. The Strathberry brand is based in Edinburgh but made in Spain and has been around since 2013. In addition to the classic Duchess styles, they have a wide variety of items, including backpacks and little clutches. The brand originally came to Nordstrom a little over a year ago and were, no surprise, insanely popular. I have the funny feeling that the bags are going to sell out, again, really quickly, so if you've been dying to snag these styles or similar for yourself, now is your chance. Here's a few of Markle's outings with the gorgeous accessories: Just in case you want to FULLY twin with the Duchess. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Amal Clooney was thrust into the spotlight after meeting and marrying George Clooney, but she's handled it all with grace and style. The internationally celebrated human rights lawyer has cultivated the ultimate playful-meets-professional wardrobe, never setting foot on a red carpet in anything less than fabulous. She's friends with top designers, has access to the most glamorous pieces before they hit stores, and looks absolutely stunning in everything. Click through to see her top style moments so far.The famous duo attended an event at The Frick Collection Museum in NYC. For the night out, Amal wore a teal colored ensemble with gray pumps and carried a matching clutch while George dressed up in a dapper suit. Amal left her house in a purple Bottega Veneta dress and Proenza Schouler trench coat, which is still available to shop. Dior pumps and Versace sunglasses completed her boss woman look.Amal and George celebrated their fifth anniversary in low-key ensembles while leaving their house. The lawyer and activist proved a black mini skirt is the perfect summer-into-fall transitional piece when paired with knee-high boots.Amal arrived in all white as she got on stage to speak about freedom of the press at the Global Conference for Media Freedom in London, England.For day one of the Global Conference for Media Freedom, Amal wore a red dress with a matching cropped blazer and gray pumps. She looked ready for business. For the Catch 22 United Kingdom premiere, Amal chose a strapless Ralph & Russo cocktail dress with fish scale details and a sparkly bodice. The piece was from the fashion house's fall/winter 2017 couture collection.The star accompanied husband George to his new Hulu series Catch-22 at the TCL Chinese Theatre in Hollywood. For the red carpet moment, Amal wore an Oscar de la Renta one-shoulder green dress, which had a strong shoulder and reminded us of these Met Gala looks. The star was out and about in NYC while wearing a posh Zac Posen dress and jacket, which was draped on her arms. She carried a Michael Kors purse and wore Jimmy Choo heels. The couple attended the People's Postcode Lottery Charity Gala at McEwan Hall in Edinburgh, Scotland. For the occasion, Amal dressed up in a belted navy one-shoulder jumpsuit by Stella Mccartney and carried a cow print clutch while George looked handsome in a dark suit.Amal and George attended a dinner to celebrate The Prince's Trust, which was hosted by Prince Charles at Buckingham Palace. The star wore a William Vintage Jean-Louis Scherrer by Stephane Rolland spring 2007 dress and looked like a Grecian goddess. Meghan Markle's baby shower is underway and her friends have arrived to The Mark Hotel in NYC to celebrate. Our invite seems to have gotten lost in the mail, but Amal Clooney got hers. She arrived for the party in a red jumpsuit by Sergio Hudson and gold heels, looking perfectly glamorous.  George and Amal Clooney dressed up for dinner at Villa D'Este in Italy. Amal wore a pleated Lillie silk chiffon maxi dress from Diane von Furstenberg and carried a small clutch.Amal Clooney stepped out in a black-and-white striped dress by Michelle Mason while grabbing dinner in Lake Como, Italy. The breezy maxi gown featured a thigh-high slit and a cap sleeve detail on her right shoulder. She carried a nude Gabriela Hearst bag.On a dinner date with husband George Clooney in Porto San Paolo, Sardinia, Italy, Amal wore a graphic, corset-style minidress and matching black lace-up heels. Amal went for a rich burgundy velvet gown while attending the WAAAUB UK Chapter Gala Dinner. She exuded Hollywood glamour, as only she can.Amal chose a feminine pink Prada dress for the 2018 Life Achievement Award Gala Tribute, where George was honored with an award.Amal shined in yellow at Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's wedding. She wore a short-sleeved, fitted mustard-colored Stella McCartney gown and matching fascinator. As one of the cohosts for the 2018 Met Gala, Amal made her grand entrance in a trouser-meets-dress outfit by Richard Quinn. The voluminous number was one of the most unforgettable looks from the night.Amal's truly a fashion girl at heart. While her cream-colored ensemble screams workplace sophistication, her pumps say "let's have some fun." The shoes were part of an Off-White x Jimmy Choo collaboration.Amal styled her Burberry trousers with a black sweater and trench coat for the ultimate 9-to-5 ensemble. She injected some personality with black-and-white pumps.Amal embraced spring with a floral skirt and black T-shirt. She kept the look interesting with the same pair of two-toned pumps.For date night, Amal wore sexy thigh-high nude boots that stretched all the way up her legs. Then, she covered up with a bright yellow coat from Lanvin's pre-fall '18 collection.When your outfit needs a pop of something-something, wear snakeskin print footwear like Amal. The pumps added a unique detail to her otherwise neutral look. For a '60s-inspired look, Amal wore an Ermanno Scervino powder blue coat and a leopard print dress. She completed the look with a black Dior bag and black pumps.Amal chose a blue-and-white breezy strapless dress for the Westwood, CA, premiere of Suburbicon.For a U.N. security council meeting in NYC, Amal wore a '70s-style skirt suit by Bottega Veneta. She often turns to this designer for classic workwear separates.For her first post-baby red carpet appearance, Amal wore a lavender Atelier Versace gown to the Suburbicon screening at the 74th Venice Film Festival.Amal's power-woman color is most definitely red. She wore this shift dress with a camel trench coat and floral pumps for a discussion on international crimes in Syria and Iraq.Amal arrived at the United Nations in yellow Bottega Veneta coordinates. She kept her accessories dark with black pumps, a black Salvatore Ferragamo satchel, and sunglasses from the brand.Amal bundled up in a mix of printed pieces while braving the cold with her hubby in London. Our favorite piece: those knee-high leather boots.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Un café, s'il vous plait!Louis Vuitton is always one of the most anticipated shows of fashion month. This season Nicolas Ghesquière showed a collection inspired by Belle Époque Paris, filled with bright colors and bold designs, on a set nestled in a courtyard at the Louvre. For the occasion, we asked influencer and Vuitton fan Paola Alberdi to give us a behind-the-scenes peek at what getting ready for one of the biggest shows of Paris Fashion Week actually looks like. Here, see how Alberdi prepped, dressed, and caffeinated (plus, made time for a bonus inclement weather photoshoot—that Paris rain is tricky!) for Louis Vuitton's spring 2020 show.Today is the last day of Paris Fashion Week and I have a full schedule, but I always prefer to start my day earlier so I can have an espresso and some time for myself.I always do my hair first and finish off with makeup. I’ve been doing my own hair and makeup during Paris Fashion Week and have actually felt a lot more confident in my glam abilities!I love seeing how brands get creative with their invites!It’s been pouring rain outside, so just in case, we did a quick photo shoot in the hallway.We arrived a little early, so we had a quick pick-me up. I feel like I have been drinking so much coffee while I’ve been here that I am now immune to it. Luckily it stopped raining but I brought my combat boots just in case! So excited for the show!Let the show begin!Vuitton!I always look forward to the Louis Vuitton show because it finishes off fashion month and you really can’t beat the location!		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Work, play, they always look chic. In our biweekly series, editors share "the item they wear to death," whether it be a basic white tee or a super-trendy jumpsuit. Prepare yourself (and your credit card) for some guilt-free shopping.One blustery winter day, not too long after I'd gotten this job, I was looking for something to do with a friend visiting NYC that wouldn't require us to brave the cold. Museums aren't really her thing and there wasn't anything piquing our interest at the movies, so we went to The Oculus, an upscale mall (a rare thing in Manhattan!) that's also, side note, incredibly impressive architecturally. It's so unusual lately to shop in-person, meandering in and out of stores and perusing racks until something catches your eye. Yet, it's an incredibly important part of building a wardrobe you love. Just browsing gives you the freedom to stumble upon pieces that surprise and delight you—like these pants.Before this, I never would have visited COS's website. I was only vaguely familiar with the brand, didn't really know their vibe or how their clothes fit or would look on my body. But I liked what I saw on the mannequins in the window that day. So we went in. And that's when I spotted these paper-bag waist, wide-leg trousers. I was intrigued. They looked perfect for work (polished and practical), but also stylish enough for a night out (a little bit fun and funky). The price was a little more than I typically spend on a single item of non-special-occasion clothing, though. "Try them on," my friend urged. They looked good, if I do say so myself. The cut was super flattering (I prefer high-waisted bottoms because God forgot to give me curves) and also comfortable (wide-leg = practically pajamas). Still, I hesitated: Would I wear them enough to make it worth the money? "You just got a new job," my friend said. "Treat yourself." (Always go shopping with a friend.) Turns out, my cost per wear is less than a latte. If I have an important meeting or work event, you can bet I'm wearing my high-waisted COS culottes. Though, I'm just as likely to be wearing them if I'm having dinner at a trendy new restaurant. They elevate a T-shirt (like the one I'm wearing in these pictures, which I could also write an Item I Wear to Death column about) and give heft to a silk cami (toss a leather jacket over my shoulders and, trust me, the look is *chef's kiss*). The material is never hot, but thick enough that I can wear the pants year-round. In the winter I pair with knee-high boots and a cashmere sweater. They truly are the perfect pair of black pants: classic with a twist. I reach for them as often as I do not just for how they look, but how they make me feel. Wearing them, I know I appear put together, like I belong in that room—whether that's the fancy conference rooms on the Hearst Tower's 44th floor, or an industry party filled with fashion insiders. And that feeling? It's priceless.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.subscribe here		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Relive all the outfits.Paris Fashion Week officially closed out the show calendar. Maria Grazia Chiuri of Dior focused on themes of nature and biodiversity; meanwhile, Saint Laurent's Anthony Vaccarello declared the shorts suit a trend. No two creative directors designed with the same mindset, so check out all of our favorite looks from each collection, ahead.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here)		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The show kicked off with a video from the artist Sophie.Last night, Louis Vuitton closed out fashion month with its spring 2020 runway show on a set erected inside the courtyard of the Louvre. When the lights dimmed and editors, buyers, and Vuitton fans like Jennifer Connelly, Alicia Vikander, and Chloe Grace Moretz settled themselves for the opening look, the entire backdrop lit up with an image of the artist Sophie, which moved and changed before kicking off an extended version of “It’s Okay to Cry” made especially for the fashion house. The video was mesmerizing, commanding the audience's attention in the dark room, amplified by the night sky outside the clear plastic tent. And then, as the music played and Sophie performed ("it’s kind of like a post-modern serenade," Nicolas Ghesquière said in the statement released after the show), a door opened at her neck, and models began walking the runway.The collection itself was an ode to Paris at the turn of the 20th century. "Returning to the origins gives rise to a high society that expresses itself through a new Belle Époque, as if in tribute to that vivacious time when Paris was pure enchantment," read the show notes. This translated to an element of modern dandyism, with models walking in tailored three-piece suits, iridescent chevron vests, and poof-sleeved blouses, each with a cattleya orchid pinned to her lapel. Artful prints, bold colors, and distinctly wearable silhouettes filled the runway, as well as new takes on classic bag. One such bag that appeared on several models' shoulders? A tote in the classic LV monogram covered in a design that looks like stacked VHS tapes bearing the titles of some iconic films that have been given a Louis Vuitton twist (take "1854," the date the French fashion house was founded, or "Trunkinator"). See the full Louis Vuitton spring 2020 show ahead.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Tailored silhouettes take this rugged backyard staple to the streets.Whether you're spending the weekend leaf peeping in the wilderness or you're hitting up brunch downtown, buffalo plaid is a where-it-anywhere kind of print— and one of the very reasons we love it most. Sport it on a button down paired with flare jeans for apple picking, or on a trench with flats for your weekend errands. Bonus! The print is a hit in basically any color. Here, Andrea Cane, creative director of the iconic Woolrich brand, explains exactly why buffalo plaid should have a place in your fall wardrobe.Marie Claire: When did the term “buffalo plaid” originate? Andrea Cane: We believe that the name originated in 1850 when a Woolrich Woolen Mills designer created the checked shirt and named the pattern after his herd of pet buffalo. MC: How has buffalo plaid evolved? AC: From authentic Americana to the punk movement, every fashion era has found a home for the pattern, which ensures its long-lasting legacy. Ralph Lauren circa the ’80s and ’90s is a good example of a modern interpretation, but the Dior Fall 2019 show also offered a fresh perspective on how to incorporate buffalo plaid without it feeling overwhelming. It refuses to be pigeonholed in any fashion family. MC: Why is it having a moment now? AC: Buffalo plaid is iconic, authentic, and anticonformist, which are all elements that coincide with the culture of fashion. MC: Why is it a worthy investment? AC: The beauty of buffalo plaid lies in its longevity; it’s as wearable in the mountains as it is in a concert hall, and it doesn’t lack attitude. It’s a personal pattern that expresses whatever the wearer wants to convey.Ready to wear it right now? Shop our favorite picks, below. •••This article appeared in the September 2019 issue of Marie Claire.subscribe here		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			For Miu Miu's spring 2020 collection, Miuccia Prada played with the juxtaposition of the serious and the playful, the intentional and the impromptu. The garments served to showcase this theme with shoes freely hand-painted with abstract florals or oversize blazers with mismatched buttons. "Severe, structured, naive, a little bit tacky…suggesting a way of dressing but also leaving people free to do their own will," said Miuccia Prada of her latest collection to WWD. Make no mistake though, every look was still produced with the most skilled artistic eye. See all the spring 2020 collection, ahead.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here).		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I'll just buy one pair, okay?Sneakers have always had a permanent spot in my shoe closet, next to the summer sandals, snow boots, and ballet flats. They're always a reliable source of comfort, whether I'm walking back from pilates class or going to an industry event after work. But over the years, I've added trendier styles into the rotation, like a pair of Koio dad sneakers and velcro kicks. Last year, the dad sneaker reigned supreme, but this style isn't the only "It" shoe for 2019. Based on what's available to shop now, we've rounded up the 16 sneaker contenders ahead.The latest cool sneaker collaboration you need to know is Vans x Vivienne Westwood. The brand joined forces with the British fashion house to create a unisex footwear capsule collection. This particular peachy pair is made from vegetable-dyed tan leather. The mailing address pays tribute to Westwood's flagship store in London. You've seen animal print on the sides and maybe even on the toes of sneakers, but adidas by Stella McCartney took it one step further with leopard printed soles! It's not as flashy as one might think thanks to the the all-black tones everywhere else. Elasticated logo straps keep your feet secure while the soles have a "Boost" technology that add a spring to your step.For Converse lovers who want to try a new design, the brand just dropped this basketball-inspired silhouette. It comes in two different colorblocking shades, though my favorite is this black/red pair. It reminds me of the popular Jordan sneakers everyone had to have from my childhood. Sneakers that you can literally slide on (into?) and just go. This backless style is perfect for the lazy gal in all of us. Style with your weekend leggings or sweats.The dad sneaker-adversed will appreciate the sleeker style of sock sneakers. Though this shape has been around for a few seasons, it has become an easily wearable staple under maxi dresses or tucked underneath slouchy boyfriend jeans.Does anyone else wear their white sneakers to the brink of death? Replenish your collection with a new pair from Topshop. This one is only $45 so you can invest in two, maybe even three, pairs since you know they'll be worn 24/7.Atoms just opened its first retail location in SoHo, NYC. If you haven't heard of this minimalist footwear brand yet, Atoms stands out for its sneaker offerings in quarter-size increments plus the ability to select different sizes for your left and right feet. You'll never have trouble finding the perfect fit. This "Rhyton" Gucci sneaker will capture your kitty-loving soul. The print was actually inspired by vintage postcards and Alessandro Michele's own love of animals. The design is a quick way to make your white sneakers look less plain.This sneaker is the shoe you put on and go "well, this is fancy," thanks to all the luxe fashion house details like the rubber logo, Fendi heel tab, and the Fendi mesh print. (Alright I get it, this shoe is from Fendi! And I want it.) The chunky sole also gives it boot-like vibes.If you're an Adidas Stan Smith fan, you'll definitely love these kicks from Veja. They come in multiple colors for a not-so-basic white sneaker look and have the right amount of cushion on the sole. As a testament to their popularity, even the Duchess of Sussex Meghan Markle has a pair.There's no escaping this year's tie dye trend. The design has trickled down from tops to footwear, giving you gloriously colorful sneakers like these Pharrell x Adidas kicks. It's just what you need to make your dark winter outfits pop.So you need a (cute) beat-up sneaker? I recommend this gingham print hightop option from Golden Goose. The purposeful scuffs give the kicks a roughed up look, which balances out the preppier print. They're the perfect pair of sneakers to wear with skinny jeans.Nike's known for their various partnerships and now they've teamed up with AMBUSH to create this futuristic shoe, which comes in a black and white option. The shoe is lined with comfortable neoprene and a chunky rubber sole provides traction as you walk down the stairs. For those who consider sneakers an expression of their identity and you have a bold personality, you'll want these Pepto-Bismol-pink shoes. The fun color suits those who want to stand out and set the trend in their friend group. Get ahead of the winter 2019 sneaker game with this shearling streetwear-driven shoe. The designer sneaker is available right now in several sizes and will arrive at your doorstep just as the leaves change colors and float to the ground.If you're not ready to wear snake print as a dress or top, test out the waters with a shoe that really won't change up your everyday look too much. Here, Alexandre Birman masterfully incorporates the trendy design into a wearable sneaker.•••For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Valentino set the tone of its show with an opening sequence of a single shade. Pierpaolo Piccioli chose to first send out 12 white looks, telling Vogue, "I wanted to work on something universal, to get back to the essence of shape and volume,” he said. “So I worked on the idea of the white shirt, but treating it with a couture sensibility." (These white outfits weren't your average tees or button-ups, by the way—see the gallery ahead for proof.) With guests' palettes wiped clean, they were then treated to the next 70 or so ensembles featuring monkey motif dresses to neon yellow and pink lightweight, voluminous gowns. Models wore sandals for ease. Check out all the Valentino looks, ahead. •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here).		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			On the final day of Paris Fashion Week, editors found themselves on the rooftops of Paris, thanks to Chanel. For the spring 2020 show, the French fashion house built a cityscape set in the Grand Palais, and models walked between drain pipes and exposed air vents. The collection, which was the first ready-to-wear offering from Creative Director Virginie Viard, was full of Chanel’s signature tweeds, cap-toe flats, and enviable handbags. Gigi Hadid walked the runway in hot pants finished at the waist with a chain belt; Kaia Gerber flounced past the Parisian skylights in a white taffeta skirt and off-the shoulder top with layers of little black bows at bodice; a host of models sported tweed onesies and jackets; and the final look—a sparkly floor-length skirt and top—appeared on the runway like twinkle of stars in a night sky. A city girl’s dream.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here).		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Which stars are sitting front row?Before the final day of Paris Fashion Week, Nicolas Ghesquière will show his spring 2020 collection for Louis Vuitton. Last season, the designer's fall 2019 line was inspired by his people-watching at Café Beaubourg in Paris. This season...the theme is still a mystery. Aside from an Instagram post on the fashion house's account to remind fans to tune into the show, there is no other information. If Ghesquière continues to lean in his themes from the previous season, his ensembles for spring will be anything but your basics/essentials. The Louis Vuitton woman is meant to stand out. Tune into the livestream, below, to watch the runway show and see if you recognize any famous faces sitting front row. (Will LV It girl Sophie Turner make an appearance? Fingers crossed.)For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I'm cringing. Honestly, I wish I had as much confidence as Marie S’Infiltre, a 28-year-old French YouTuber who hopped on the runway in the middle of the Chanel SS20 show in Paris. From what we can tell from the pictures and videos, S’Infiltre was sitting in the audience before she climbed directly on to the runway and joined the line of models. She was reportedly dressed in head-to-toe Chanel, so perhaps she thought she'd blend in?The best part is Gigi Hadid ended up saving the day. Hadid made sure to grab the YouTuber by the shoulder and gently escort her off the runway while still walking the show (an icon). According to the Daily Mail, security was rushing up to the stage to remove S’Infiltre, but they didn't get there in time. The video is gold: And again for your viewing pleasure:Apparently this isn't the first time S’Infiltre has interrupted a runway. This week, she also infiltrated an Etam show wearing a bra and pants. 2019, everybody! For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You don't want to miss this.Last season, Prada's sister label Miu Miu showed an angsty fall 2019 collection. It was a departure from its usual more soulful and playful collections that cater to a younger audience like those of Elle Fanning and Rowan Blanchard. The slight change in theme signaled to guests that you should never underestimate Miuccia Prada's creative visionary prowess. She can transform the Miu Miu girl into anyone. With that said, the spring 2019 collection is ready to be revealed. Tune into the livestream below to see what this season's theme is, and what you'll have to add to your wishlist.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			In Demna Gvasalia's show notes for Balenciaga, he says the spring 2020 collection "reimagines dressing for work: power dressing, no matter what one does as a job." He gave blazers the strong, boxy shoulder touch and trousers more of a slouched effect. Models who walked down the runway included non-model professionals, from a mechanical engineer and law student to an architect and violinist. Of course, some outfits were NSFW, like the oversize ballgowns and shimmery dresses—save those for a fancy weekend occasion. For an off-duty look, one might slip into the more casual "b@len©i@9a" or "H20" long-sleeve tees. See the entire collection, ahead. ••• For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here).		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She loves to show off her shoulders.Before Charlene Wittstock became Princess Charlene of Monaco, she was an Olympic swimmer for South Africa. (She competed in the 2000 Sydney Olympics, finishing fifth in the 4 x 100 meter relay.) That same year, Charlene met Prince Albert II of Monaco at a swim meet in his home country...and the rest is history. The couple made their public debut in 2006, announced their engagement in 2010, and were married in 2011—the same year Prince William and Kate Middleton also said their "I dos." While Charlene's life has changed over the years (she's now a mother to twins, in addition to being, you know, a princess), her style has remained consistently elegant and sexy. She favors shoulder-baring dresses, body-hugging gowns, and maintains an edgy-princess vibe with her blonde pixie cut. And not once in the seven years since she's been a princess has Charlene worn a bad outfit. Now, that's impressive. Ahead, see all her incredible looks thus far.For the traditional Monaco Picnic, Princess Charlene wore a multi-colored pattern look while holding little Prince Jacques hands. The outfit looked a little more loose and relaxed unlike her more formal gowns. (Royals like to be comfy too!).The royal stood out at the 71th Monaco Red Cross Ball Gala in an emerald Marchesa cape dress with cutouts. Her embellished clutch contained matching green stones to tie the whole look together. This is one of our favorite colors on her.For the 59th Monte Carlo TV Festival, Princess Charlene wore a Louis Vuitton gown and Dior pumps. The dress looked like it was made of fringe-like threads, giving it some movement and eye-catching details.All royals like to have a day off from wearing suit sets and dresses. Princess Charlene dressed down in a white tee, leather jacket, jeans, and sneakers for the 24 Hours of Le Mans race. The royal wore an asymmetrical black top and flamingo-pink pants to the F1 Grand Prix of Monaco. It was one of the most interesting and daring style statements we've seen from her. The royal shook hands with Peng Liyuan, wife of China's president Xi Jinping. The two matched in black pumps and buttoned-up smart ensembles.The whole family walked the red carpet for an event in Monaco. Charlene looked very formal and great as always, but really the twins—Princess Gabriella and Prince Jacques—stole the spotlight in leather jackets and sunglasses. Too cute. The royal knew a red lip would add some much-needed color to her all-black ensemble. This small makeup trick brightened up her dark outfit as she left the Monaco Cathedral.Princess Charlene and Prince Albert II of Monaco attended a Gala during Monaco National Day. For the event, the couple wore their most regal looks. Charlene went with a conservative long-sleeve two-tone dress, though if you look closely, there is a little slit for a peek at the legs.Name another royal that can rock a pair of suspensors better than Princess Charlene. (The correct answer is: no one.) She wore this menswear-inspired look to the Princess Grace Awards Gala in NYC, fitting right in with the cool gals of the Big Apple.We don't see many royals attending fashion week shows (we wish they did!), but Princess Charlene pops in to one every now and then. She wore this black, partially sheer, Akris dress to the show in Paris. The royal couple posed with Katy Perry and Orlando Bloom at a Monte-Carlo Gala. Charlene wore a navy cape gown with a sparkly sheer shoulder, which matched the glitz and glam of Katy's dress sleeves. The sheer paneling on Charlene's dress gave the illusion of a sexy cold-shoulder moment.  Prince Albert II of Monaco and Princess Charlene of Monaco attended the 70th Monaco Red Cross Ball Gala in Monte-Carlo. While Albert wore a spiffy white dinner jacket, Charlene chose a stunning Atelier Versace gown with scale-like details made of Swarovski crystals. She accessorized with Repossi jewels. Princess Charlene stood out in a printed Akris dress from the label's Spring '18 collection. The gown featured slit panels that blew in the wind, revealing her blue pumps underneath. The color of her shoes matched the print on her dress perfectly—a signature fashion girl trick.Princess Charlene wore a plaid jacket over a black ensemble as she left the Monaco Cathedral during Sainte Devote Celebrations. Her scrunched gloves peeking out of cropped sleeves added a touch of old-school elegance. (Saint Devote is the patron saint of the Grimaldi family, reigning in Monaco, and is celebrated each year as a national holiday.)While attending the Christmas Gifts Distribution in Monaco, Princess Charlene got into the holiday spirit with a red cape jacket, while her husband showed off his festive side with a Santa hat and Christmas-themed tie. Princess Charlene wore an off-the-shoulder column dress by Ralph Lauren to the 2017 Princess Grace Awards Gala at The Beverly Hilton Hotel in California. The plum-colored ensemble was coincidentally (?) named "Charlene."Princess Charlene attended the 69th Annual Red Cross Ball Gala in Monaco wearing a strapless sequin jumpsuit. The custom Atelier Versace design was ten times edgier than any princess ball gown we've ever seen. She accented the look with a smoky eye and slicked-back hair. Bold. Brazen. Brilliant.Princess Charlene attended the Versace spring/summer '18 show during Milan Fashion Week in a sexy metallic minidress with cutouts. She completed the look by draping a leather jacket over her shoulders and slipping on strappy silver heels. Princess Charlene awarded medals at the IAAF Diamond League athletics meeting in Monaco while wearing a dazzling one-shoulder green dress and a large beaded collar necklace. She paired the look with a pair of white pumps.Princess Charlene arrived to the Monaco Formula 1 Grand Prix in a fitted asymmetrical dress with a square print (the modern polka dot, dare we say?). The royal kept things simple with nude heels and a red lip.Princess Charlene made a trip to the Turffontein Racecours in Johannesburg, South Africa, while visiting her family. She channeled artsy Parisian vibes in a striped dress and beret-style hat. The royal traded in dresses for jeans and a Red Cross shirt during the launch of World First Aid Day 2016 at the United Nations Office in Geneva. She trekked across the grass in a pair of sensible flats.Monaco's royal couple attended the 68th annual Red Cross Gala in Monaco. For the occasion, Princess Charlene wore a watercolor-inspired strapless Armani dress while Prince Albert II looked dapper in a cream and black suit. The princess accessorized her dreamy gown with diamond jewelry. For the 2016 Princess Grace Awards Gala, Princess Charlene showed up in a long-sleeve Christian Dior dress with a leaf motif. She looked angelic in the beautifully draped gown! To finish the look: her trademark red lip.Princess Charlene attended the F1 Grand Prix of Monaco wearing an all-white (almost) ensemble. When she turned to the side, fans got a glimpse of the pink stripe down her trousers. Adding color where one least expects it is the royal's speciality. Princess Charlene and Prince Albert II arrived for the 67th Monaco Red Cross Gala in Monaco. The royal made a statement in a red, one-shoulder jumpsuit by Valentino. The bold look was accented with gold accessories. Prince Albert stuck to his usual cream and black suit.Princess Charlene wore a pale pink halter dress and nude Christian Dior pumps while holding hands with Prince Albert II en route to a celebration of his 10 years on the throne. Princess Charlene wore all white to the baptism of her twins at The Monaco Cathedral. The outfit was similar to Kate Middleton's cream-colored Alexander Wang ensembles, which she wore to all three of her children's christenings. Princess Charlene swapped dresses for a smart blazer and trouser combo while attending the 8th annual Clinton Global Citizen Awards in New York City.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Cooler weather will be here before you know it, which means there's no better time to stock up on boots, pants, jackets, and, of course, sweaters. And though it's important to make sure your wardrobe is full of classic basics and neutrals that last a lifetime, sometimes you just want something trendy. And for that, you shouldn't spend a lot of money. Which is why we were grateful this weekend to be introduced to the ridiculously affordable options from English Factory.Beloved by fashion bloggers and avid Instagrammers alike, English Factory is one of those under-the-radar brands that have "cool girl" written all over it. When Arielle Noa Charnas of Something Navy posted a picture in one of the brand's sweet polka dot sweaters this weekend, it immediately sold out on Amazon.  Guess which piece is from @amazonfashion? I’m obsessed and am having the best time finding the cutest pieces to add to our wardrobes (and with your feedback from last time, great price points as well). #founditonamazon #adA post shared by  Arielle Charnas (@ariellecharnas) on Sep 29, 2019 at 7:49am PDTSince Charnas' Insta-worthy sweater is out of stock, we sifted through English Factory's inventory and to see what other items might be worth coveting for fall. From tartan skirts and fringed pullovers to sweaters adorned with  delightful pom-poms, there's almost too much to choose from. The best part? Most items are available for less than $100. We'll double tap to that! Shop our favorite pieces, below.Shop more Amazon Fashion sales with Slick Deals. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Clare Waight Keller's spring 2020 collection for Givenchy was titled "NY Paris 1993." The designer was inspired by the '90s when she was working for Calvin Klein and traveling back and forth between New York City and Paris. "When I arrived in New York, I was very much a tomboy, and there was this raw, boyish energy," Waight Keller said to Vogue. She took this angle and ran with it, creating super distressed jeans (they were upcycled from vintage pieces) and a tailored denim coat dress. For the more dressy looks in the show, there were floral tops and dresses that would have made both the French and American women sing. (Also, is anyone taking bets that Duchess Meghan Markle has her eye on look 59?) Check out the spring 2020 collection, ahead.••• For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here).		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			First and foremost, you definitely need a coat.When temperatures dip below 20 degrees and it's still dark outside at 7 a.m., it's tempting to go with the I-just-rolled-out-of-bed look. Who doesn't want to walk into the office in sweatpants, or avoid the cold altogether and work from home...in sweatpants? This sentiment (coupled with the fact that my puffer coat hides my entire outfit) morphs me into a lazy fashion girl every year, with a go-to winter look of beige wool sweater and black high-waisted skinny jeans. Just saying this out loud makes me realize it sounds kind of...unimaginative. This winter though, I vow to not let the my wardrobe take that cold-weather hit. Here, seven cozy outfit ideas that'll get you from Monday to Sunday in style.Add some thick tights and voilà, your favorite spring, summer, or fall work outfit is now a winter outfit. For a feminine, sophisticated office-ready look like Kate Tik's, above, wear a lace top with a patterned knee-length skirt. Since stilettos and snow do not mix, slip on a pair of stylish, sturdy boots for your commute. To all the women brave enough to wear their skirts without tights, I applaud you.Shop the pieces: 1. Sea blouse, $491; 2. Prada wool skirt, $1,700; 3. Banana Republic trench coat, $157; 4. Senreve sleeve, $280; 5. Thursday Boot, $195; 6. H&M tights, $10If my everyday work outfits looked anything like this ensemble on Aimee Song, I'd be a happy camper. Her asymmetrical top and trousers create a more interesting combo than just pairing a button-down with jeans. Black ankle booties instead of pumps take this look from stuffy to trendy. Sling an I'm-the-boss long coat over your shoulders (leave it unbuttoned to let that top peek through, naturally), slip on a pair of sunglasses, and walk into that office like you own it.Shop the pieces: 1. Palmer//Harding shirt, $550; 2. Raen sunglasses, $135; 3. Joie trench coat, $235; 4. Halogen trousers, $79; 5. Sarah Flint zip bootie, $525It's Monday morning and you're getting dressed for work. You're wearing your button-down shirt and you're about to reach for those navy slacks...STOP! Instead, swap those boring ol' things (I get it, they're versatile) for a pair of leather trousers. This simple change elevates any basic shirt with edgy fashion-girl cool. For a completely insulated outfit, layer a thin black turtleneck underneath, then show it off with a few undone buttons. If you wear snow boots or UGG boots to commute, keep a pair of nice lace-up boots under your desk for a style-cementing shoe switch.Shop the pieces: 1. The Line by K top, $57; 2. Grayson button-up shirt, $158; 3. Canada Goose parka, $895; 4. L'Academie pant, $198; 5. Self-Portrait lace-up booties, $485In the wintertime, your coats are the eyes of your outfits—the first thing people will notice. You can wear anything (hello, sweatpants) underneath a fashionable piece of outerwear and it won't matter. This season, consider investing in a bold coat that makes a street style statement. Take a page from this fashionista and wear your coat with denim overalls and black ankle boots. Then, don't forget to tie it all together with your new scarf.Shop the pieces: 1. Rebecca Taylor top, $325; 2. Madewell overalls, $60; 3. Apparis coat, $285; 4. Retrofete bag, $255; 5. Stuart Weitzman boots, $575; 6. Manner Market scarf, $48We all live for Fridays because 1) it's the end of the work week and 2) you can wear pretty much whatever you want. (If casual Fridays aren't a thing at your corporate office, though, refer back to outfit number one.) Jeans and sneakers are the obvious and comfortable choice. This season, your dressed-down Fridays will consist of chunky kicks, skinny jeans, and a double-breasted long pea coat. Tuck your flannel or favorite shirt into your jeans and complete the outfit with a thick scarf. You'll look put together, but still feel cozy.Shop the pieces: 1. Vero Moda sweater, $59; 2. Agolde jeans, $158; 3. Weekend Max Mara coat, $785; 4. Louis Vuitton backpack, $2,040; 5. Free People scarf, $48; 6. Gucci sneakers, $890There's something so effortless about wearing all similar shades together. Black is, of course, the easiest to pair but if your closet is made of beiges, grays, or navy you too can achieve this almost monochrome outfit. Start with either a top or bottom then build from there. If you want to break up the monotony just a bit, go for an animal printed boot.Shop the pieces: 1. Max Mara turtleneck sweater, $320; 2. Nicholas linen trousers, $398; 3. Theory blazer, $595; 4. Khaite ankle boots, $1,200Adopt your childhood attitude of mixing the most random prints and colors together and somehow it all works out in the end. Don't be afraid to test out two prints against each other, like camouflage and polka dots, for a truly unique outfit. After all, once you get into the office and shed that outerwear, your look will feel much tamer.Shop the pieces: 1. Marc Jacobs polka dot dress, $995; 2. Hunter camo jacket, $250; 3. Poléne bag, $230; 4. Jeffrey Campbell boots, $195•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The perfect outfits to pair with your Birkin.For her spring 2020 collection, Nadège Vanhee-Cybulski of Hermès paid homage to the aprons worn by the craftspeople at the brand's headquarters in Pantin, France. She used the silhouette to create smooth leather tops and outerwear that said luxury and craftsmanship at its finest. Every outfit looked clean, effortless, and sophisticated. Given how big the buttery leather trend will be for spring 2020, including faux or vegan, Vanhee-Cybulski is right on track in keeping Hermès' ensembles at the top of mind for shoppers next season. Check out the runway collection, ahead.••••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here).		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The star of Hedi Slimane's show was a good ol' pair of jeans. (Out of the 63 runway looks for spring 2020, 24 focused on the denim bottoms; another three showcased denim skirts.) The boot-cut jeans were paired with lace blouses, oversize furry coats, suede jackets, and leather shirts. All the looks proved how versatile our beloved denim bottoms can be and why, despite new collections after collections, this staple can still be an instant runway hit. Outside of the jean ensembles, Slimane sent down dresses and skirts that echoed the '70s in Paris. Check out all the chic outfits, ahead.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here).		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Even sleeker. Crisp, cool air means one thing: leather weather. Leather is a cool girl staple…and I’m not only talking about your moto jacket. I'm talking about your LBD. Rendered in supple, lustrous black leather worthy of Angelina Jolie, these after-dark dresses look edgy as ever. Throw on any of these dresses and cue instant BBE (Bad Bitch Energy). But with a modern update: What once was a cliché (short and tight) is now a chic and sophisticated silhouette (long, elegant).No, a leather dress doesn’t scream “wardrobe staple” but you’d actually be surprised at how versatile they can be. These leather dresses are for the strong, fashionable women who command attention and power, whether that be at the office, around town, or on a date night. And the styling options are endless: Pair with your favorite cardigan and cute flats; rock a T-shirt underneath with some combat boots; or throw on your highest stilettos and pile on the jewels. Convinced and ready to start shopping? Here are our favorite new releases. (For all of our vegans out there, we didn’t forget you! Faux leather options included.)Your favorite '90s slip dress just got tougher.This bustier style will flatter anyone. May we suggest this shirtdress style for your next big meeting?This style will look even more chic with a white tee underneath.Buy these sleeved number now for when the winter weather really sets in. Will be wearing this every Saturday night for the next 12 weeks.Just got invited to a winter wedding? Well at least now you don't have to wonder what to wear.... This silhouette is giving us major Westworld vibes.•••A version of this story appeared in the September 2019 issue of Marie Claire.subscribe here		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Wait until you see the geometric shape dresses.Balmain Creative Director Olivier Rousteing is BFFs with the Kardashian family, so it was natural for him to collaborate with Kylie Jenner on a makeup collection for his spring 2020 runway show. The beauty products were not only used on the models, but are also available to shop online. Beauty looks aside, Rousteing sent out a host of ensembles from geometric-shape dresses to sharp shoulder suiting and deconstructed tuxedo outfits. There were stripes, polka dots, monochromatic outfits—a little bit of everything. Shoes ranged from flat sandals to plexi heels and flatforms. It won't be long before you spot some of these looks on Kim Kardashian and her family. Check out the spring 2020 collection, ahead.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here). 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			What to wear on your next vacation, or staycation. Isabel Marant's spring 2020 collection was inspired by Brazilian music and its artists. "I was listening to baile funk, contemporary electronic Brazilian music, and it gave me ideas of Brazil, of beaches. Colors, sexiness. Craft and architects that I love like Oscar Niemeyer and Roberto Burle Marx," she said to WWD. Dresses and short shorts were worn down the runway with rope and leather sandals tied at the ankles, adorned with carefree jewels. Every outfit looked perfect for a getaway or staycation. To drive home Marant's tropical theme, her pieces had embroidered multicolored animals and plant prints inspired by the work of Salvadorian painter Gennaro De Carvalho. Check out all the looks from the collection, ahead.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here). 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Come at me, winter.Disclaimer: By the end of this post, you'll have a pair of fleece-lined leggings in your checkout cart. Now we've gotten that out of the way, let's chat about this cold-weather staple: It's warmer than your average pair of pantyhose and thicker than any tights thanks to the fleece material. In the winter, fleece-lined leggings are the cozy, warm alternatives to jeans and trousers and can even be worn under your knitted dresses or leather skirts. These thick leggings pair well with sporty sneakers for an athleisure look, but just as easily work with suede ankle boots and an oversize sweater. If you didn't know fleece-lined leggings were a thing, well, now you do. And they're really not that difficult to find—a quick search shows that popular retailers such as Amazon and Anthropologie both carry fleece-lined hosiery. Prices for these warm leghuggers aren't terrible, either: They range from $13 to $75.Although winter is still months away for most of us, I'm a firm believer in preparing for the cold. Thus, if you dread the return of snow-coated sidewalks and gusts of wind that send chills down your body, invest in a pair of fleece leggings to protect you from the elements.You can find fleece leggings easily on Amazon, but this pair has a four-and-half star rating and is tagged number one best seller by the website. Fans have pointed out that the leggings fit like a glove, but not too tightly, and "are more versatile than your typical thick fleece leggings." If you like your leggings smooth and straight all the way through, you might want to invest in a stirrup pair. This style from Plush won't bunch up at the ankles and keeps part of your foot warm too. Style with cowboy boots.The ultimate I-want-to-be-comfy-at-work fashion move: a pair of fleece-lined leggings that look like real jeans. These bottoms will pair well with all your tops and shoes just like jeans do while giving you the inner warmth some denim lack.These leggings come in gray and black with a ribbed waistband. Because they're quite simple in design, they're great for everyday wear. Whether you're styling these under jeans or wearing them with a bralette at home on a Sunday, you'll never feel cozier. I only wear high-waisted bottoms, so when it comes to leggings they have to ride up high too. This warm and cozy pair from DKNY is made with, what the brand calls, "Skin Sense technology," material that will adapt to your body's temperature so you're neither too hot or cold in the legging.Take a break from the monotonous black and gray tones by slipping into a pair of pink fleece-lined tights. This pair of athletic knit leggings not only has moisture-wicking fabric but also a hidden keyhole pocket at the waist for your keys.If your first instinct is to browse H&M for a pair of affordable fleece-lined leggings, you wouldn't be wrong. The retailer offers an opaque style with an elasticized waistband and elasticized hems for only $13. It comes in only one color option so far (black), but that's probably the only versatile hue you need!Lane Bryant designed the perfect pair of fleece-lined leggings: They feature an elastic waistband for easy wear, while the soft plush interior wraps your legs in warmth all winter long. Style with slip-on sneakers or knee-high leather boots.Designer Jennifer Kim understands our struggles for functional and warm tights. That's why she created Plush, a hosiery line that offers fleece-lined bottoms to wear with skirts, thermals, and more. I have my eyes on this smooth design.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Natacha Ramsay-Levi kept it effortless.Natacha Ramsay-Levi of Chloé's next step towards sustainability in fashion? Making sure her clothes aren't disposable. This means not creating looks that focus on the new-new, but creating looks that are more "perennial...and more about the signatures of Chloé." So, for her spring 2020 collection, Ramsay-Levi brought it back to the fashion house's iconic pieces like blouses in white crepe and revived the pleated culottes from her first collection. "It's my way of saying let's calm down," she said to WWD. Check out the spring 2020 collection you'll be wearing forever, ahead.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here). 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The designer collaborated with Christian Lacroix. Guests attending the Dries Van Noten show received a special treat: For the spring 2020 collection, the Belgian designer collaborated with Christian Lacroix. Lacroix, who shuttered his couture house in 2009, brought his elaborate design skills and flair for the unexpected (see the white feather dress) to the Dries Van Noten runway. On each guests' seat was also a rose with a small label DVN*XCLX. (In the past, it was tradition for flowers to be tossed at the end of a Lacroix couture show as the designer took his bow with the bride.) See if you can spot the Lacroix-isms in the outfits ahead.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here). 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Your shoulders will thank you. One thing you would not have heard me say five years ago is, "Where can I get a cool backpack?" But as I get older and somehow accumulate more crap in my bag, backpacks have become the ideal choice for a hassle-free schlep across town. Ahead, the best picks for every occasion—from the gym to the office—that will make you reconsider grabbing your tote the next time you walk out the door. Once you realize that this chrome backpack has an interior water bottle pocket, plus enough room for a change of clothes and sneakers, you'll wonder how you ever made the office-to-gym commute carrying anything else.Everlane's waterproof backpack is equipped with a pocket to slip your laptop into, so you can also head straight to your workout from the office. The difference? It's a gym bag that doesn't actually look like a gym bag, so it can double as a weekender.This super chic Adidas by Stella McCartney knit backpack has a zip compartment underneath its main area to keep your sweaty clothes separated from your clean ones. Normally you can spot a waterproof backpack from a mile away, but Amazon's bestselling nylon backpack is a stylish gamechanger, ensuring your laptop won't get soaked during those mid-afternoon showers. It's also super affordable.Behold: a vegan leather bag that can be carried by the handle, worn over both shoulders, or slung over one arm without any worry that you're going to rip the straps. It has enough room to fit your entire life—laptop, tampons, lipstick, and all—and comes in black if you plan to keep it at the front of your closet year-round.Blink and you'll almost mistake this backpack for a classic bucket bag. If you can afford to splurge a little, this soft leather silhouette is sturdy, beautiful, and has an easily accessible pocket to slip your phone into so it doesn't drown in your receipts.This unisex minimal knapsack screams, "Take me everywhere" with its padded shoulder straps and large interior. It's ideal for any travel environment, from the Hamptons to the Carolinas.A mini backpack fit for all-play-no-work weekends whether you're heading to brunch with girlfriends or having a picnic in the park. Meredith Blake, is that you? This black mini canvas backpack is perfect to schlep around during shopping trips or grocery runs without sacrificing your style.STATE's Kane backpack comes in every color you could possibly imagine, equipped with an interior padded laptop sleeve that will fit a 13-inch laptop and a water bottle pocket on the exterior so you can stay hydrated. (Seriously, go take a sip of water now.) The quilted pattern on this MZ Wallace bag lets you pull off a cooler vibe in laid-back work environments without looking like you're heading to Coachella.This convertible canvas tote/backpack hybrid doesn't immediately look like a backpack, which is exactly the point. It can be worn on your arm if you're heading to a meeting or on your back if you're holding your coffee in one hand and answering emails in the other.One reviewer said this Beis backpack was her favorite birthday present to herself, so that's really all you need to know. •••For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			An argument for leaving your jeans at home.Pants, even your comfiest most worn-in pair of jeans, can be annoyingly suffocating. Thus, we understand the desire to sometimes skip wearing a pair altogether. Celebrities, it seems, love no-pants outfits and they s0mehow effortlessly pull the style off, whether on the red carpet or running errands. Need some pants-less outfit inspo? Let Ariana Grande, Margot Robbie, J.Lo, and more, be your guide, ahead.The oversize sweatshirt and sneaker/boots look is an Ariana Grande style signature. Here, the pint-size singer posted backstage at the 2018 iHeartRadio Wango Tango by AT&T in head-to-toe pink.The icon always wears the most fabulous, and sometimes, the most over-the-top (in a good way) looks at Paris Couture Week. She rocked this Off-White ensemble in July 2019.Jenner didn't have to wear pants to look pulled together in this oversize Blaze Milano blazer in February 2019. The buttery leather outerwear plus gloves and heels made this outfit feel posh and sophisticated. The perfect all-white outfit for fall: an oversize pullover with white knee-high boots. Be sure to carry a stain remover pen around...just in case. The model left her hotel in July 2019 dressed down in a button-up shirt and a large denim jacket. The loose and oversize lewk is a celebrity favorite.The model wore a MM6 Maison Margiela tee with her Jacquemus pantalon boots while running errands around L.A. in September 2019. Luckily, you can still shop both items to get her west coast look.Celebrities in show-stopping gowns at the Venice Film Festival are a given, so when Swanepoel decided to be a little more low-key and wear just a button-up shirt with a belt and heels, she definitely stood out. The model showed off her statuesque frame without the hassle of pants.Turner and Chopra had a girl's night out in January 2019. Turner wore an American flag shirtdress by Tommy Hilfiger and sneakers while Chopra slipped into a black ensemble with a snakeskin coat.The actress wore a minidress so short, it could have been mistaken for a top in March 2019. She compensated for the shortness, however, with a (slightly) longer matching embellished blazer. The singer looked like she was on her way to chill out and eat pizza in a T-shirt sans pants in June 2019. We fully support this comfortable look.Emrata was spotted in the LES of NYC in July 2019 wearing a button-up shirt and dad sneakers. The star was almost unrecognizable thanks to her laidback attire and sunglasses. Lively braved NYC's wintertime chills without pants in this Monse ensemble while leaving Feinstein's/54 Below in January 2019. The actress actually glowed, whereas we would have been shivering and pale with discomfort. The reality star left her SoHo apartment in a voluminous blazer-like dress and white sock boots in February 2017. Some celebrities don't seem phased by the NYC cold at all. Smalls showed up to a birthday party on April 2018 in nothing but a red jacket and tights (catsuit?) that revealed her undergarments. She wore a pair of thigh-high lace-up boots to make this ensemble party-ready. Meanwhile, Bieber is maybe wearing a minidress under that oversize jacket? Could be a shirt. Either way, no pants!Remember the whole lampshading trend in 2017? J.Lo had it down to a science in an oversize white button-up shirt and denim thigh-high boots by Versace.The model is used to walking the runways during fashion week, but took a break to enjoy the action from the front row in September 2018. She repped a design by Jeremy Scott while checking out his latest collection. Almost all the Kardashian-Jenners have tried the no-pants look, including youngest sister Kylie Jenner. The star was seen in NYC in February 2016 in a suede jacket dress and knee-high brown boots. (We're guessing winter puffers aren't really a thing for celebs coming in from the west coast.)The 5'1" reality star pulled off this plum-colored velour hoodie as a dress while out in Los Angeles in February 2017. Try this look yourself, maybe with boots, the next time you don't know what to wear.The actress arrived in a full Calvin Klein look for the show in February 2018. We hardly even noticed the no-pants moment as her fabulous mismatched embellished heels caught our attention first.The singer attended the premiere of her sister's autobiographical film "Beyonce: Life Is But A Dream" in NYC in February 2013. She wore a crisp all-white ensemble that gave the illusion of not wearing pants. The singer made a fashion statement in July 2016 when she wore a long-sleeve Vetements shirt that said "May the Bridges I Burn Light the Way." The length went down almost to her knees, so Ora didn't need pants. Win-win!Instead of a sundress, Jenner simply throws on a Yeezus Tour sweatshirt and heels.At the 2014 VMAs, Swift decided to let her lengthy stems shine in this embroidered Mary Katrantzou onsie.Collins was so into her Bambi-emblazoned Givenchy sweatshirt, she ditched bottoms and just went with strappy black heels.For the 2013 Billboard Music Awards, the singer opted for a tunic-like top boasting a high, side-butt-bearing slit.On Late Night with Jimmy Fallon, Cyrus wore an oversized white button-up shirt as a dress.Never one to shy away from showing off what her mama gave her, Dunham's teal peasant top hold the pants shows off her legs.We can't remember the last time Queen Bey wore bottoms for a performance and we're not mad, especially because it's in favor of epic, jewel-encrusted bodysuits.Rita Ora knows there's nothing more rock 'n' roll than forgetting your pants at home.The Girls star is always one for an off-kilter look and we're loving her white shirt dress with an up-to-there hemline.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Which look will you be channeling?The street style in Paris might just be better than London, Milan, and New York combined. (We still love you all, don't worry.) We're not sure whether that is because everyone wanted to dress to the nines to be photographed against all the picture-esque cafes or gorgeous architecture, but the fashion crowd 100 percent worked it. Tyler Joe was on the ground to capture all the frenzy and stunning outfits for us in Paris. Check out all the photos ahead.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here)		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It rained heavily, but the show went on. Lanvin's show went on despite the downpour Wednesday. Guests found themselves huddled under clear umbrellas and ponchos, headphones on their heads as creative director Bruno Sialelli brought a "physically immersive…3D sound" experience to his runway show. Notable pieces from the collection include a cape with black shorts, scallop-like hemlines, and cocoon jackets. The designer and comic fan even incorporated a 1905 strip, "Little Nemo in Slumberland," as a print for the spring pieces. See all the looks, ahead.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here)		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Naomi Campbell closed Anthony Anthony Vaccarello's dramatic runway.Anthony Vaccarello's spring 2020 show was a spectacle worth of the City of Lights. Set on a stage filled with dozens of synchronized light beams, Saint Laurent's collection of Le Smoking jackets, micro shorts, and prairie dresses hit the runway with the Eiffel Tower gleaming behind them. There were flowy, gold-embroidered dresses, silk button-downs that were either styled open to the navel or fastened at the neck with a pussy bow, and even a pair of denim Bermuda shorts. And in a moment of Paris Fashion Week magic, the light show dimmed, the music slowed, and then Stella Tennant appeared on the catwalk in a full sequin tuxedo suit, leading an army of models in sparkly attire—just as the Eiffel Tower started its on-the-hour sparkle show behind them. Naomi Campbell closed the show as the perfect finishing touch.See the full Saint Laurent spring 2020 show ahead.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here).		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She did her own makeup! A little rain won't keep the fashion crowd away from Paris Fashion Week. Guests arrived to Dior as one of their first stops, where Maria Grazia Chiuri presented the spring 2020 collection. (You can see all her outfit creations here.) If you've ever wondered what it takes for a front row star to get ready for such a big show, we asked multi-hyphenate Aimee Song to reveal some behind-the-scenes secrets. Follow Song's journey prepping for the Dior runway show, ahead. •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here).Starting my first day of Paris Fashion Week with Dior!I only slept an hour because of jet lag and the excitement of the show...or both!A makeup artist who was supposed to do my makeup canceled super last minute, so I had to do the glam on myself using some of the Dior products and actually loved the way my makeup turned out. I kept everything simple with clean skin and kept the focus on my eyes using the Dior Diorshow On Stage Liner.I finished up using Rouge Dior Ultra Care on my lips!For every Dior show, I usually gear towards a dress because it's my Dior moment, but this season I wanted to go for something totally different…I ended up choosing a denim-on-denim ensemble from Dior’s Cruise 2020 collection.The forecast said it was supposed to be pouring yet it was only drizzling in the end, so everything worked out!Arrived at Dior! Ready for the spring 2020 runway show.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Raise your hand if you'll be getting the Chloé.More so than anything else, I’d say a nice bag is the ultimate splurge.  Sure, shoes are great, but they can get uncomfortable (not to mention banged up) as you stomp around in them all day.  Super luxe skincare is always nice, but how long do the products actually last?  Bags, on the other hand, can sustain a lot—lots of wear with minimal tear. Most of the time, the leather even looks better with age.  So whether you want to make a statement as the ultimate career woman or as a cool fashion girl, a bag is the perfect way to do so. To help you decide what's worth your investment, here are the 10 new styles we're coveting this season.Hello little lady. This mini structured leather bag is perfectly buttoned up, while the canvas paneling gives it a laid back flair.    Loewe, $1,800SHOP IT  Featuring Chloe's signature padlock, this medium sized shoulder bag is roomy enough to fit all your essentials. Chloe, $2,390 SHOP ITThis perforated leather bag has a detachable shoulder strap so you can wear it pragmatically during the workday or dangle it from your wrist at night.Fendi, $2,690SHOP ITThis geometric woven bag perfect for the working woman: big enough for an iPad, but small enough to stay chic. Bottega Veneta, $2,790 SHOP ITThe perfect fall accessory, this gold and green suede bag is equal parts modern and vintage. Gucci,  $2,890SHOP SIMILARTalk about luxe.  Looking to treat yourself?  This red croc bag is beautifully crafted, making it the ultimate splurge.Lanvin, $17,395SHOP IT This versatile angular bag will liven up jeans and a tee or an LBD, making it the perfect investment. Balenciaga, $1,350SHOP IT Quite possibly a perfect evening bag.  The chain straps on this are so delicate they're almost invisible. The Row, $1,990SHOP IT This classic bag is an investment piece that will stand the test of time.  Celine, $3,150SHOP ITThe patchwork detailing on this bag gives it a '70s twist and a boho feel that's so very of-the-moment.Longchamp, $860SHOP IT•••This story appears in the September 2019 issue of Marie Claire.subscribe here		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The theme was perfectly timed. Dior's spring 2020 runway show was earthy and woodsy, from the embroidered vegetation motifs on the dresses and textured raffia skirts to the real trees used on set (which will be replanted). The nature theme wasn't random: Maria Grazia Chiuri was inspired by photos of Catherine Dior, Christian Dior's sister, in her garden. In addition to Catherine having been an avid gardener, the topic couldn't have come at a better time given that climate change is at the top of mind right now. There might not have been literal tees screaming "save the planet" in this collection, but those who look at the clothes will understand the urgent message of preserving the environment. See all the runway outfits, ahead. •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here). 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Your solemate awaits.The fall boot choices for this season are so good it hurts, which will make it that much easier to part with your sandals. Retailers are releasing pre-orders for new designer booties and debuting new silhouettes. Channel Ariana Grande with her signature thigh-high boots, or grab a pair of kitten heels that you'll hate to love (just wait). Ahead, the best fall boots to shop this season for every budget.Reformation launched its fall shoe collection with a focus on '90s vintage. The new drop includes everything from this mock croc boot to satin embellished mules—all made sustainably, of course. The brand uses materials like recycled tape zippers, shoe laces from 100 percent recycled polyester, and leather from certified tanneries. This one is already in my checkout cart.For jeans with a long hemline, wear these low-cut boots so the denim doesn't bunch around the ankles. They're a good everyday bootie, and you can wear them 24/7 thanks to the walkable two-inch heel.You first saw them on the fall/winter 2019 runways in Paris, and now the Stella McCartney x Hunter boots are here! The sustainable footwear is made from natural rubber sourced from sustainably-managed, certified forests in Guatemala while the stretch sock insert is made from a material called Yulex, which is also from certified natural rubber. We won't bore you with the details, but earth-loving shoppers, get a pair ASAP. A combat boot that manages to look modern yet rugged. The "MCKENZEE" comes in nine different designs, though my favorite is the star embroidery, and adds a touch of toughness to your outfits. Sweeten it up with a maxi dress for fall or simply dress down in jeans and your favorite band tee. The snow came down hard and now you have to shovel the driveway/yard. This boot is up for the job; it's waterproof and insulated with microfleece to warm your feet. I imagine that once you slip into this shoe, it'll be a lot like walking on clouds. This over-the-knee boot comes from a special collaboration between Tamara Mellon and FRAME. The footwear pairs splendidly with everything from jeans to an oversize shirtdress sans bottoms à la Hailey Baldwin. Pick your favorite neutral color and wear this for the rest of fall.This beige kitten heel bootie is a great transitional piece for the seasons. Wear with your midi skirts and minidresses for now, but once September hits, style with cuff jeans and a cozy cardigan. The pointed toe and block heel is a classic style that can be worn season after season. It doesn't hurt that this shoe's color will remind you of fall foliage. Swap your black Dr. Martens for this pair of two-tone iridescent scales style. New for the season, the boot's an easy way to add personality to your all-black outfits.You've been searching all your local thrift stores for a vintage bootie with no luck. Leave it to Free People to create one for you for only $90. Use the extra time to Marie Kondo your closet.Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen were inspired by modern sculptors and painters when they created this angular kitten heel boot. The soft blush color is a shade called pale flamingo and I'm already in love. When I'm bored at work, I'll just glance down at my boots and admire all the doodles and snake print design on this Brother Vellies shoe. It's one of the most unique pieces for next season if you want to make a statement.This chunky boot is durable enough for a walk through the woods and will give you that comfortable height boost you're looking for. Tip: should the boot become wet, wipe down with a cloth asap.Instead of wearing tights underneath your long dresses, opt for knee-high boots. They'll shield your legs from the wind and rain.This patchwork quilt-inspired bootie is easy to slip on and off for those on the go. Unlike a brown or black cowboy boot, this style has character and will add a look-down-here detail to plain outfits.The worst thing about rainy days is having to carry an extra pair of shoes to switch into at work because your rain boots aren't office-approved. That all changes with this bootie, however, which can pull double-duty without any of your coworkers noticing.  These DVF boots are made from leopard print suede that provides an eye-catching alternative option to your regular ol' black combat booties. I already have these on my wishlist for fall.  I will never say no to another neutral-colored kitten heel boot in my closet. I love the soft gray color on this pointy-toe design because it looks sophisticated. Pair with a pantsuit set or with tights and a minidress. Ganni makes some of the best western-style boots around. I love this pair because of the two-toned colors and stitch designs. Don't be surprised if you see this boot on every fashion girl this season.You only have room in the budget to make one big shoe splurge. Let it be these sharp-looking Chanel boots with a structural heel and golden button. Your coworkers will shower you with all the compliments.This Jacquemus boot is beautiful and it's all because of its construction. The knee-high style is made in Italy from smooth calfskin with a contrasting conical heel and sleek pointed toe. Wear with your favorite knit dress.Kym Ellery creates ultra modern and architectural shoes that are also 100 percent wearable. Take these white boots, for example, with its red stripe and cool snap-fastening tabs and sculptural block heel, which are both statement making and functional. Can't choose between a spotted print or a zebra design? Now you don't have to because Dolce Vita's Aden bootie combines the best of both worlds.Key details of a trendy boot: buckles (check), kitten heel (check), sock-like fit (check, check). This razor-sharp pointy toe shoe is definitely for the shopper who isn't afraid to try the season's most popular silhouettes.  •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's all going down Sept. 24.Maria Grazia Chiuri never fails to bring feminism to her runway collections. From her "We Should All be Feminists" tees to striped shirts that read "Why Have There Been No Great Women Artists?" she has challenged and taken the Dior woman into a new era. For her spring 2020 show, which is set for Tuesday September 24, the audience should expect nothing less that a powerful runway show from Chiuri. Will she debut another another slogan tee? Bring back another iconic handbag silhouette? (The saddle bag was great last season.) Both? Only time will tell, so tune into the livestream below to find out. For now, you know as much as we know.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Just in time for fall.Fall is officially here, which means it's time to order a Pumpkin Spice Latte, schedule an apple-picking adventure, and trade in your summer clothes for some fresh, fall pieces. Currently, Amazon has you covered and is offering a dreamy, oh-so-cozy fleece for less than $30. Made from under-the-radar company Comeon, this top-rated fleece reminds us a lot of Thread & Supply's cozy Wubby fleece. The polyester jacket has a soft, teddy bear-like texture that's cozy but won't irritate your skin. The full zipper makes it easy to take on and off as the temperature fluctuates, and the plush collar will keep your neck warm. (Translation: Your mom will approve.) Just because this jacket prioritizes comfort doesn't mean it skimps on style. Available in a handful of colors—ranging from a bright cherry red to camel—this fleece can be a great finishing touch to plenty of fall outfits. For a casual look, it can be thrown over your workout clothes. When you're heading to work, pair it with wide trousers and some white sneakers. Or, for something edgier, this jacket will soften a pair of tough chelsea boots and ripped jeans.  Sure, you may not wear this jacket right now, but we recommend adding this to your cart, stat. As they say in Winterfell, winter is coming. Shop more Amazon Fashion sales with Slick Deals. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.subscribe here		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Alessandro Michele made quite the statement when he opened his spring 2020 show with a group of models in utilitarian/normative clothes, including straitjackets. The looks were said to represent "how through fashion, power is exercised over life, to eliminate self-expression." After the models came out on the runway, which was made up of four moving walkways, the lights turned off and then on to reveal Michele's spring 2020 line up of 89 looks. The outfits weren't logo-fied in their usual manner, but more polished or "orgasmique," as the title of the collection was called. See what we mean, ahead.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here).		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Shop all her beauty and fashion recs. In a bi-weekly series, we're interviewing female executives, founders, CEOs—basically, boss ladies—on their "power suit" a.k.a. the outfit they wear every day for easy dressing to conquer whatever the job throws at them.Clean, natural, silicone-free—all these words might have popped up into our own beauty vocabulary a few years ago but Nancy Twine's been preaching them her whole life. Twine is the CEO and founder of haircare line Briogeo, whose products are all up to 90 to 100 percent naturally derived and packaged in bottles that are both recycled and recyclable. Prior to founding her successful company, Twine had learned to make natural products from her grandmother and mom. This stayed with Twine as she worked at Goldman Sachs, but in 2010 when her mother passed away, that was the tipping point when Twine realized, as she says, "life can be short and it's important to maximize the time" one has. She threw herself into studying the beauty industry, from learning to create nontoxic formulas to testing hundreds of formulas with a chemist, and launched in 2013. When Sephora reached out to carry her line in the U.S. and Canada the very next year, Twine quit her job and fully dedicated herself to the brand. (At 31, Twine was also the youngest African-American woman to launch a line with the popular retailer.) The company is currently based in New York City and employs approximately 40 people. As for what separates Twine's haircare brand from others in the market? Briogeo appeals to consumers by hair texture (coily, dry, wavy, thin) rather than ethnicity and offers high-performance products that are free from sulfates, parabens, phthalates, silicones, DEA and synthetic color. (My favorite for fine hair is the ginseng and biotin shampoo.) "Diversity was important to me in creating the brand," she says. "Historically haircare was a category that was separated by ethnicity, so I wanted to create a line that was inclusive and catered to all hair texture types." The name itself also speaks to the brand's ethos. The Italian word "brio" means "vibrant, colorful, and full of life" while the Latin word "geo" means "earth/nature."And Twine is her company's number one fan and tester: One of her personal favorites is the Don't Despair, Repair! Deep Conditioning Mask, which "is a holy grail product that's like giving your scalp a facial," she says. I'm sold. Outside of her beauty recs though, the entrepreneur also has great taste in clothes. Here, she discusses what it takes to run a business and what her power outfit is at work.  "A few days a week I train at Equinox, which typically takes place at 6 a.m. On those days, I am up by 5:15 a.m. to start my day with a workout. Then I will come home and make some breakfast, take a shower, get ready for work. I'm typically in the office by 8:30 a.m. until 7. Sometimes I'll have events after work, whether it's meeting with a friend for drinks and dinner or an industry event. By that time, I get home well after 9." "I know some people plan outfits in advance, but I don't do that unless it's an important event or something. I am always checking my calendar, however, to see what my day will look like, so that dictates how I dress. For example, if I have important VIP people coming into the office, I won't wear jeans, I'll wear a dress. Or if it's a day that I am light on meetings, I prefer to be a bit more casual.""I prefer wearing dresses, skirts, and top combos since I am not really a jeans person. When I do wear bottoms, it's that or cords though. I don't wear any other textures outside of those pants. One of my favorite places to shop is Intermix because they have a good curation of brands. I love Ganni, Alexis, Alice & Olivia, Re/Done's jeans, and for [more of a] Parisian flair, I like Sandro. I also never used to be super into shoes, but lately I've been buying a lot of designer pairs from Valentino and Jimmy Choo and Stuart Weitzman. I love my Manolo Blahniks, which I wear winter or summer. For sneakers, I like APL. [As for my work tote], I have this Celine bag that I wear year round, but I definitely need a lighter color for [the warmer months]. I have two laptops, one at home and one at work, so I don't have to lug them around. I wear my Cartier and Jemma Wynne bracelets every day and love Lizzie Fortunado's funky, chunky earring selections because they're super cool.""I think power outfits are all about confidence, quality [in the clothing materials], and are special. I know when I wear some of my 'power outfits' people will say things to me that they wouldn't normally say—compliments on my look etc... power outfits are all about embodying confidence." "I think we all have the power to manifest what we want in life. I am a big believer in vision boards, really putting out there what it is you want, but also you have to meet your vision halfway with hard work. If you just have a vision and want to create a brand/start XYZ but you're not willing to put in the work, then your vision will just be a vision and not a future reality."For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Giorgio Armani held his spring 2020 runway show at his Palazzo Orsini property. The color palette was largely silver and navy with pops of cool blues and blush pinks. All the pieces felt, and looked, light and airy, almost as if they were barely touching the models' bodies. Paper-thin trench coats were draped over top and bottom separates while the silvery evening pieces gave off hints of romance—all uncomplicated, wearable pieces the Armani fan would want. Check out all the runway looks, ahead.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here).		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			If it works, it works. This week, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are kicking off their royal tour of Africa, along with four-month-old baby Archie. One of the first stops for the couple was a visit to the District 6 Museum and Homecoming Centre in South Africa on September 23. The two arrived hand in hand, waving to the crowd before mingling with with guests inside. For the visit, Meghan wore a casual blue shirtdress by Veronica Beard and her wedge espadrilles.The Duchess of Sussex first wore the dress in Tonga last year during her first royal tour, pairing it with Banana Republic pumps. It was noted that Meghan's version of the "Cary" dress was altered from a thigh-high slit to a more conservative length for royals. The shirtdress is effortless to wear and looks great on Meghan, so it's not a surprise she chose to pack it into her suitcase for her tour of Africa. Keep your eyes peeled for more possible rewears, too. Meghan in the dress back in 2018:We found the shirtdress in red in select sizes below, plus other options (because the item is quickly selling out!).For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Zendaya's floral dress!The Emmys were all about the light blue dresses and Valentine's Day-themed gowns, but the after-parties were a different story. After all the trophies were handed out, celebrities like Zendaya and Sophie Turner went to the nearest after-party to eat, drink, dance, and mingle the night away. Some changed from dresses into more casual pantsuit outfits, while other stars like Emilia Clarke stayed in the same ensemble. (When you look that good, you have to extend the dress' shelf life right?) See what everyone wore to the parties, ahead.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Plus, they're cute!This is a modal window.Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window.End of dialog window.Unless you’re one of the lucky few who have decided a work “uniform” is the way to go, dressing for the office (or whatever office you may have), can be tough. But deciding on a lewk that can take you from day to night (no matter the evening soirée), is even harder. We’ve found at least one thing that you don’t need to switch—a pair of chic, super comfortable heels that you won’t need to take off between meetings and cocktail hour. Check them out in the video above, worn with two very different looks on fashion director, Nikki Ogunnaike.From: ELLE US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			At tonight's Emmys Awards, there was a very clear color champion in the sea of high-fashion gowns: Light blue, which basically won the night as the newest award "it" color. These dresses ranged from baby blue to seafoam green and ocean gray. They also came in a variety of shapes, from old-school Hollywood sheaths to glamorous ballgowns. The one thing they have in common? They're all gorgeous.King was a queen in custom Jason Wu.In J. Mendel.Calling it her "Princess Jasmine AF moment," Jamil was stunning in Monique Lhuillier.Lakshmi kept it simple in Christian Siriano.In a vintage Hollywood look. In Jaclyn Jordan. In Tadashi Shoji.In Brock Collection (not very Cersei-like!). Sahar channeled the sheer trend.In Alexander McQueen.In Sally LaPointe.In Mark Zunino.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			There's something very Audrey Hepburn-ish going on here...Surprise! Kim Kardashian and Kendall Jenner—who will be presenting an award at the 2019 Emmys this evening—just arrived on the red carpet. Kendall, fresh off the Milan spring 2020 fashion week runways, is back to brunette (she debuted blonde hair last week on the Burberry runway in London and was still blonde just two ays ago when she walked the Versace runway—you know, the one Jennifer Lopez killed), which seems like a hair miracle—or at least the work of a very great hairstylist. Will she show up in Paris for fashion week in a few days? Will she still be brunette? Kim also had her trademark brunette hair and wore a dress that looked rather familiar. She walked the carpet in a floor-length black gown featuring a bow on the back that was rather simple for Kardashian-standards and very classic—distinctly classic. The black gown with its square neckline paired with diamond necklaces had full Audrey Hepburn in Breakfast at Tiffany's vibes:Compare it to Audrey Hepburn's look from the iconic 1961 film:Kim kept her makeup simple, and in an interview with Fox, said that when she's in Wyoming attending Sunday service with her family, she tends to go completely makeup-free. Kendall, meanwhile, went for a more dramatic look, choosing a gown with a long-sleeve, latex turtleneck top (which, hot—like, literally, it must have been rather steamy in that dress) and strapless-style trumpet bottom covered in roses. Like her sister, Kendall kept her beauty simple, opting for a nude lip, bronzed skin, and a slip center part:Trés chic.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.subscribe here		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Everybody else can go home. Well, it's official: Zendaya shut down the 2019 Emmys red carpet, so everybody else can go home now. The Euphoria star walked the red carpet wearing an emerald green sheer Vera Wang dress with a thigh-high slit and red hair, looking like an actual goddess. I mean...Naturally, the internet started freaking out and pointing out the look's Poison Ivy themes. Man, COME ON. This hair color. This gown. This pose. Tens across the board. #Emmys https://t.co/Uoq3ztQ1wHSo @Zendaya won. Even if she doesn’t get an award, our good sis WON! 🔥 pic.twitter.com/Xe2GJZEypuZendaya serving Poison Ivy realness on the #Emmys red carpet. pic.twitter.com/Lia3ZHpGTUGOD IS A WOMAN AND HER NAME IS ZENDAYA #Emmys2019 pic.twitter.com/XypVolKhNAZENDAYA CAME TO SERVE AT THE EMMYS. PERIOD pic.twitter.com/ERvUEP4BCpHOLY ZENDAYA #Emmys2019 pic.twitter.com/BMEw1J5J8Dzendaya. that’s it. that’s the tweet. pic.twitter.com/EZvS03FL17zendaya in the green dress that is, and i cannot stress this enough......the entire tweetYou can see the full outfit from the front and the back, below. Zendaya at the 2019 #emmys 😍 pic.twitter.com/j93vsJU3A9For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Valentine's Day came early on the 2019 Emmys red carpet. Mandy Moore and Taraji P. Henson showed up to the award show in gorgeous red-and-pink gowns, unintentionally twinning on the red carpet. While Moore's Brandon Maxwell dress has pink on the top, Henson's custom Vera Wang dress is red with pink on the bottom. Both women look incredible in thigh-high slits and chose similar heel styles as well. But wait...it gets better. Susan Kelechi Watson, Moore's This Is Us co-star, also showed up in a red-and-pink gown, this time with pink embellished sleeves. Same with Marisa Tomei with pink and red, well, all over. Always happy to be here and twinning with my girl, @susankelechiwatson.💓 Thanks for having us @televisionacad! #EmmysA post shared by  Mandy Moore (@mandymooremm) on Sep 22, 2019 at 4:51pm PDTSo, yes, Valentine's Day is now officially September 22, 2019. I don't make the rules. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Though the 2019 Emmys will go down without a host this year (honestly, it's probably for the best), the part of the night that's always a given is celebs' chic outfits on the red carpet. See what everyone from Ava DuVernay to Rachel Brosnahan are wearing to the biggest night in television, ahead. In latex bodysuit by Vex ClothingIn Zac PosenIn Vera Wang dress and Cartier jewelry In custom Michael Kors Collection In Antonio GrimaldiSteenburgen in HalstonIn Sophia Webster heels Kazan in Gucci.In Dior and Platinum by Harry Winston jewelryIn Louis VuittonIn Lela RoseIn Zac Posen dress and Swarovski jewelry 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Alessandro Michele's show never fails to shock and awe.Alessandro Michele of Gucci never fails to impress, stun, and even shock his guests during a runway show. In 2018, models carried replicas of their own severed heads down the catwalk; the previous year, guests found themselves at a Roman necropolis. Last season for spring 2019, the creative director brought nightclub vibes to his collection. So, the big question: What will Michele present to everyone this season for spring 2020? Will he, once again, shock and awe? Tune in below to find out.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			If you worked with Kate Middleton, she would be the best-dressed woman in your office.  Proof: The absolutely perfect work wear ensemble the Duchess of Cambridge wore this week. On Wednesday, Kate stepped out for a surprise appearance at the Sunshine House Children and Young People's Health and Development Center in a business casual appropriate outfit that you'll want to own yourself. Here's the bad news: Most of Kate's look was, somewhat predictably, not the most affordable for the non-royals among us. Her polka-dot Equipment silk shirt retails for $280 at Bloomingdale's and copying her suede, block heel Gianvito Rossi pumps (which appear to be the brand's Piper style) will set you back $695. She does look like a million bucks—which makes the actual price of the two pieces (roughly $975, combined) seem like a bargain. Here's the good news though: The wide-leg, culotte-style pants Kate wore to the event are  from Zara and retail for a totally affordable $50.  And, if you're looking to splash out on the pricier pieces from the look, you can shop them below: For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.subscribe here		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You don't want to miss this.If there's one thing to watch out for at every Salvatore Ferragamo runway show, it's the shoes. The luxury Italian footwear brand is known for making iconic flats like these to a fall ankle bootie I'd give up my firstborn for (kidding...sort of). Last season for spring 2019, we were treated to a stunning collection of looks, and all eyes were on the cork-soled wedges and wooden platforms. The outfits were unmissable, too—but don't expect things to be the same for spring 2020. Expect the unexpected, in other words. Tune in to the show (or catch it on repeat if you were asleep), below.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Peeking out beneath a blazer or sneaking up under a slip dress, this layering piece brings a pinch of pizzazz to any outfit.Yes, it's true, summer is over—but your wardrobe can still have whimsy! A printed turtleneck is the best way to brighten up just about any outfit; simply wear under any layering piece. Pair a bold paisley with a bomber jacket, animal prints with florals, or a cropped vest atop a playful plaid— the options are aplenty. Ahead, 14 of our top printed picks to choose from. Wearing a turtleneck under a dress is the perfect fall solution for your favorite  warm-weather piece. Escada, $622SHOP ITThis statement turtleneck can be worn on its own, but also stands out under a blazer for a work-appropriate look.ROKH, $370SHOP ITPro tip: Layer your turtleneck under a button-up (but button only half-way) to get the best of both shirts. Isabel Marant, $215SHOP ITBoho gets a city makeover when you pair a paisley print with a chic leather jacket.Altuzarra, $1,595SHOP ITYou may be out of school, but you're never too old to dress the part. Case in point: this A+ plaid-turtleneck-and-crochet-vest duo. R13, $395SHOP ITOffset a fun floral print with a tomboy bomber jacket for instantaneous cool girl vibes.Louis Vuitton, $1,070SHOP ITThis ultra-feminine floral print takes a walk on the wild side when paired with a dare-devil leopard print dress.Simone Rocha, $335SHOP ITPerk up a neutral color palette with a fun pop of yellow and a not-so-subtle print.Only Hearts, $92SHOP ITLight as a feather, pop this sheer turtleneck under a low neckline topper for both coverage and style.Etro, $415SHOP ITTry a super-fitted turtleneck with a slightly oversized coat to master the borrowed-from-the-boys look.Fendi, $770SHOP IT Two prints are better than one, especially in an unexpected pattern combo. Just make sure both are in a similar color palette. Nanushka, $195SHOP ITPlay with textures by wearing a ruffle collar turtleneck with a pleated body under a plain blazer.Givenchy, $1,291SHOP ITMade with stretch jersey fabric, this turtleneck can pass as a base layer for the gym but we love to wear it in a refined way—paired with a jumpsuit in the same print.Marine Serre. $324,SHOP ITA mesh turtleneck gives the classic wool sweater dress a day-to-night feel, so you can head out to drinks after your 9-to-5 grind.Ganni, $125SHOP IT•••This story appears in the September 2019 issue of Marie Claire. SUBSCRIBE NOW		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The show was a sight to behold even before J.Lo showed up.This was a show like no other. Versace's Spring 2020 ready-to-wear collection was a nod to the Hawaiian print-inspired collection made famous by Jennifer Lopez at the Grammys in 2000—and closing out the show was the icon herself, wearing a reimagined version of the dress that helped skyrocket her to superstardom. But even if J.Lo stole the show, the collection itself was enough to wow onlookers, thanks to its clean, feminine silhouettes and jungle-inspired palette. See all of the looks at the show, ahead.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Stop everything: Jennifer Lopez just closed out the Versace spring 2020 show wearing an updated version of that green Versace dress she wore to the Grammys. You know the one—the dress that is literally responsible for the invention of Google Image search. From the staging to the first runway looks, there were hints of the jungle dress everywhere: palm tree decor and models wearing navel-baring-deep-V dresses and jungle prints in different colorways. As the last looks made their way down the runway, Jennifer Lopez's "Love Don't Cost a Thing" blared, and Amber Valletta closed the show in a dress that felt just familiar enough.But after the final look walked, the real show began. On the screens around the venue, the words "show me images of the jungle dress" appeared, followed by, "show me the real jungle dress." And then everyone went WILD WIIIILD, because the real Jennifer Lopez appeared in the flesh, wearing a real, updated version (this one backless, sleeveless, and altogether more skin-revealing) of the iconic Versace jungle dress she wore almost 20 years ago to the 2000 Grammy Awards.Even the most serious fashion critics and editors-in-chief got to their feet as J.Lo made a lap around the runway solo, then brought Donatella Versace—the mastermind behind the whole thing—out on the runway.And 20 years later, the 50-year-old Hustlers star (have you seen Hustlers yet? If you haven't seen it yet, you must!!!! Oscar for J.Lo!!!) looked BANANAS good: And here is J.Lo wearing that original Versace dress in February 2000:ICONIC. Oscar for J.Lo! J.Lo for President! J Lo for my mom! JLO FOR EVERYTHING!For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.subscribe here		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The collection was designed around the urban warrior.Effortless style combined with comfort was the name of the game at Tod's Spring 2020 ready-to-ready show, which was designed for the urban warrior. Models were sent down the runway with simple, center-parted hair that looked like it was being blown in the wind; glossy flat shoes and easy-to-carry bags added to the "utilitarian" feel. As ever, items of clothing were perfectly cut and tailored, as is Tod's trademark, with the occasional standout piece that could elevate any look (my fave: the striped black-and-white leather skirt). See all the photos, ahead.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Creative director Jeremy Scott held nothing back when it came to Moschino's ready-to-wear Spring 2020 collection. Inspirations ranged from Pablo Picasso to opera to eye-poppingly bright color, with each look seemingly more bold and daring than the last. The models' darkly lined eyebrows and red matte lips allowed the designs themselves—whimsical, exuberant, and just plain fun—to shine. See all the looks, ahead. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Her earrings are everything!Meghan Markle and Prince Harry have arrived at good pal Misha Nonoo's wedding in Rome alongside Princess Beatrice, Princess Eugenie, Katy Perry, Orlando Bloom, and, yes, Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner. Naturally, the Duchess looks gorgeous in the pictures we're able to see of her. (So far, those only include paparazzi shots capturing the arrivals, as the wedding reportedly has a no social media rule.) In the pictures, Meg is wearing a sheer black dress with sequins and gold earrings that are reportedly vintage and borrowed from a friend, according to royal reporter Rebecca English. They're apparently only five Euros! The gown is by Valentino, and though we don't have a photo of Meghan from the front, on the designer's site, you can see that the embellished tulle evening dress features a deep V in the front and delicate, floor-length tulle skirt. The gown the Duchess is wearing appears to be lined, though on Valentino's site, the piece is sheer. According to the site, the dress retails for $13,500.Meg and Harry were reportedly introduced through Nonoo. The fashion designer has been vocal about her friendship with Meghan, and recently designed pieces for Meghan's Smart Works collection (you can shop it here), which aims to give women the confidence to re-enter the workforce.  The Duke and Duchess didn't bring Archie along for this special occasion, so it should be a fun, relaxing time for the new parents. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Your new go-to footwear. Every fall, I reach into my closet for a pair of black boots, only to find them covered in water-stain marks or worn down to the soles from commuting to work and running to meetings (I’ve been meaning to replace that heel since last winter). As a fashion editor, the state of my black boots season after season prove that they’re the ones I wear the most—and are also the ones I most frequently need to replace. So as we head into another chilly season, I went on the hunt for a pair that would not only give me a little boost in height, but also feel super comfortable. As someone who commutes to work in Manhattan from Brooklyn, walkable shoes are non-negotiable.  Enter the ECCO Shape Sculpted Motion 55. The black ankle bootie is a slip on-and-off situation, making them easy to slide into in the mornings. The cylindrical heel is approximately 2.1 inches (55mm), which bumps me up to a 5’6” stance and makes me feel confident and polished. I love feeling tall in my shoes without actually wearing pumps. Though elevated, my feet still feel like they’re being hugged by a cloud, thanks to the anatomically-shaped footbed cups that provide excellent arch support. However, the true test was seeing if I could wear them all day, from work through happy hour.For the office, I wore a plaid pantsuit dressed down with a chunky knit sweater. I work in a creative environment, so this look feels less corporate and more fashion. Flared trousers normally make my legs look short, but the heeled booties balance out my bottom proportions. I work in a creative environment, so this look feels less corporate and more fashion.I felt cool wearing a two-piece set with boots instead of strappy heels; I was able to power walk across the street and dodge cars without tripping. The ECCO boots even held up in the rain as I stepped into puddles (no soaked socks). Once I was done with my 9-to-5, I switched outfits but kept the boots on for drinks. My second outfit was decidedly more casual: a puff-sleeve black top, black bodysuit, and blue jeans. The boots complemented the ensemble right away, especially because I was wearing all black on top. Usually I need a few drinks to forget my feet are hurting in heels, but on this night I did no such thing. The boots were still comfortably molded to my feet and I felt dressy yet casual. The boots complemented the ensemble right away, especially because I was wearing all black on top.When I got home, my sister complimented me on the shoes and then proceeded to ask if she could borrow them. Needless to say, these booties are going to serve me (and my sister) well for the rest of fall. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Don't worry, these looks will keep you warm, too.There's nothing more unbearable than dressing for a frigid winter morning. If you didn't plan out your outfit the night before, it's easy to slip into the same three pieces you've been wearing all season long: a black sweater, black high-waisted skinny jeans, black boots. Yes, I've been taking the easy way out. So I've made a resolution to challenge myself. The first step isn't to shop for a whole new wardrobe, it's to breathe new life into my old winter items by reworking those pieces into a completely new outfit. For some quick inspiration, look to the street style stars who always have a few styling tricks up their puffy sleeves. I've decoded their genius hacks, below, for my sake and yours.There's no avoiding layers if you want to stay warm. Fashion-girls start with a leopard coat, below that, a leather jacket or checked blazer to contrast the animal print. One more layer down, you've got a cashmere or wool sweater paired with a skirt. Ankle boots and tights make for the perfect finishing touches. Shop the pieces: 1. Court & Rowe blazer, $189; 2. Kendall + Kylie leopard coat, $385; 3. RAILS sweater, $198; 4. H&M tights, $10; 5. Taylor + Thomas boots, $585; 6. Gucci skirt, $1,700For those still in denial that summer is truly over, a fun floral puffer might ease your pain. It's such a statement piece that you can go subtle with your other items, like black skinny jeans and Gola kicks. A white crossbody bag completes your street style–worthy #OOTD.Shop the pieces: 1. I Blues down jacket, $234; 2. Ksubi x Kendall jeans, $190; 3. DeMellier white bag, $231; 4. Gola high trainers, $65Knit pants have the comfort of sweats, but a more elevated finish. Opt for similarly colored separates to create a matching set. Then, throw on an oversize blazer and swap your couch slippers for a pair of sock boots. The ensemble looks smart and sophisticated, while remaining as comfy as PJs. Sunglasses optional.Shop the pieces: 1. Linda Farrow sunglasses, $749; 2. State cashmere top, $120; 3. State cashmere bottoms, $110; 4. Something Navy blazer, $71; 5. Miu Miu knit boots, $850Stand out in a sea of black coats with a metallic jacket. This season you'll find chrome splashed on shearling outerwear and puffers, giving you plenty of opportunities to shine—literally. Take a cue from fashion influencer and designer Chiara Ferragni and style yours with an all-black ensemble consisting of a hoodie and skinny jeans. You don't need to over accessorize in this case, sneaks and a chic bag will do.Shop the pieces: 1. Pinko faux fur coat, $815; 2. Ninety Percent hoodie, $180; 3. 7 for All Mankind black jeans, $170; 4. Club Monaco sneakers, $130There's no rule that says you can't wear springtime colors in the winter. Build an outfit around a pastel-colored coat (winter blues, anyone?), matching your earrings and shoes to your outerwear. If you're feeling brave, tuck your sweater into a leather miniskirt sans tights. Bonus: The pastel coat transitions seamlessly from winter to spring.Shop the pieces: 1. Chloé cashmere sweater, $1,350; 2. L'Autre Chose coat, $435; 3. Versace croc skirt, $1,850; 4. Monica Vinader x Caroline Issa earrings, $195; 5. River Island boots, $90; 6. Stella McCartney bag, $650There’s room in your outfit for two, even three, types of busy prints. Mismatching is in and no one will question your choices for mixing plaid and animal prints—if they do, just say you were inspired by the runways of fashion week. The trick to pulling off this look is styling similar or complementary colors together, so start off with neutral-colored printed tops, dresses, and outerwear. Once you’ve got the hang of pairing different prints together, you can step it up with brighter and even louder designs. Shop the pieces: 1. RIXO dress, $450; 2. Kendall + Kylie plaid coat, $385; 3. Topshop jeans, $70; 4. MICHAEL Michael Kors backpack, $224; 5. Everlane glove boot, $155 You rely on jeans all winter, so why not invest in a denim jumpsuit? This one-piece protects you from the cold, looks great with any boot—my favorite is the cowboy style from Ganni—and is compatible with all outerwear, from a beige trench to a furry coat. Top off with a cowboy bucket hat for a less literal interpretation of the wild wild west.Shop the pieces: 1. & Other Stories denim jumpsuit, $99; 2. Charlotte Simone bucket hat, $95; 3. MCM leather crossbody bag, $1,390; 4. Ganni texas boots, $585•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Spring 2020 is coming in strong.Prada, Fendi, Bottega Veneta (everyone's favorite right now), and more are all showing at Milan Fashion Week. And everybody, from your favorite street style stars to the models, has descended into Italy for the shows. There will be even more spring 2020 runway trends to add to our report, so we're keeping a close eye on everything.  If you're just tuning in, catch up on some of our favorite runway outfits ahead.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here).		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Even in Daniel Lee's bold collection, the accessories stood out.The Spring 2020 ready-to-wear runway was only Bottega Veneta creative director Daniel Lee's second show for the brand, but he refused to be intimidated. Lee made his presence known not only with his critically acclaimed accessories—Lee is in his element when it comes to bags and shoes, and this collection was no exception—but with his bold but lightweight looks, from bright rain jackets to disco ball-inspired gowns. And that slouchy bag? A game-changer. See all the best looks, ahead.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The Fendi Spring 2020 ready-to-wear show was the first since Karl Lagerfeld's passing, but Silvia Venturini Fendi—Lagerfeld's longtime right-hand woman—did him proud. In many ways, the show was classic Lagerfeld, but Fendi's impact was felt with the "messy chic" vibe of the models' hair and makeup. The "camping" theme was clear in the green, yellow, and brown tones that dominated the show, and Fendi's accessories prowess showed in the standout bags the models wore. See all the looks, ahead.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			From thigh-baring Cindy to feathered rainbow Zoë. If you're not tired of fashion month yet, great news: The Emmys are happening this Sunday, September 22 on NBC, and, as always, we can expect to see swoon-worthy dresses on the red carpet. Ahead, we celebrate the best in television—and their gorgeous dresses—over the years. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Meg He and Nina Faulhaber talk sustainability and letting customers call (some of) the shots.The ADAY offices in Manhattan’s Chinatown are a flurry of activity: There’s a conference call happening in one corner and a meeting at a long wooden table in another. In the showroom in the space’s center, a regular customer is trying on some of the brand’s new pieces, while co-founder Meg He’s dog, Helix, weaves through the racks of T-shirts and tanks. The hubbub is somewhat temporary. The company, which was founded in 2015 with the philosophy of “doing more with less,” is hitting a growth phase and planning to move into a bigger space soon. That one will also have an area that’s open to the public, says co-founder Nina Faulhaber, which will give the team a direct line of communication with ADAY’s customers. Even in the golden age of direct-to-consumer brands, ADAY has an uncommonly democratic relationship with its fans. Its most recent launch, the five-piece Carry-On Capsule, was designed with the aid of surveys emailed out to thousands of customers last spring. “We asked them, ‘What do you want to see from us next?’ And they said, ‘a dress.’ And then we sent another survey and we asked, ‘OK, do you want to see a wrap dress or a slip dress? Do you want sleeveless or sleeves?’ They told us pretty specifically what they wanted, so the dress we ended up designing was probably the most successful dress we could have designed,” Faulhaber says.“We asked our customers, ‘What do you want to see from us next?’”Faulhaber and He have been “blown away” by the interest in dresses, a category they weren’t necessarily expecting to design back when the brand launched in 2015. At the time, its über-popular leggings and leather-look track pants were in line with the athleisure trend, but the pieces ADAY has debuted since give a clearer picture of the founders’ goal: to create a more functional, versatile wardrobe for everyday life.Their embrace of crowdsourcing and A/B testing could be owed to the fact that both of their backgrounds are in tech and finance rather than fashion design; both women met as analysts at Goldman Sachs in London, where He grew up and where ADAY has its second offices, and the pair worked in venture capital before striking out on their own. It’s also a product of their interest in sustainability, something that’s been a part of the brand’s DNA since its earliest days. Looking at a product like the dress—now a sleeveless asymmetrical wrap style with an optional adjustable belt—He says, “If people don’t actually want it, then why are we putting it into existence? We always want to be super thoughtful about everything that we do, and we do believe that ultimately the customer is right, but also that the customer is one of us.”That means that the customer has a (metaphorical) seat at the table when it comes to the brand’s decision-making, whether through surveys, customer service messages, returns feedback, or in-person at the showroom.He and Faulhaber have come to recognize that building a sustainable company is about more than using eco-friendly materials or recycled packaging (although ADAY does both). It also means being financially responsible, which is part of why they’ve been more conservative about marketing spend than many of their peers, sticking to word-of-mouth and press at first and then adding a referral program to amplify their existing base.Building a sustainable company is about more than using eco-friendly materials or recycled packaging; it also means being financially responsible.Early on, says Faulhaber, “We raised money, but we wanted to make sure we proved the market first and proved the products. [We wanted to know we were] putting out a product that people really love as opposed to throwing money at marketing and not really knowing if people would like the product.”Adds He, “as founders, we have so much accountability to everyone on the team, as well as our customers, that this is a company that we want to grow into a very large business because we’re doing good things for the world. And so we have to spend carefully and sustainably and not blow it.”Now, though, the company is ready to expand, and it has numerous avenues in which to do so. With a fresh infusion of funding (the details of which are still under wraps), He and Faulhaber are recruiting for roles in marketing, finance, branding, and other areas, and looking at locations for pop-up shops in San Francisco and other cities. With the launch of its Carry-On Capsule this spring, the brand made an addition to its site: carbon offsets, giving customers the option of paying between $2 and $8 to counterbalance their flight emissions by supporting reforestation efforts in Peru. ADAY’s customers say they’re seeking out the brands’ offerings for travel (in addition to work), and Faulhaber and He are trying to find ways to promote the most sustainable version of that as the company grows.Scaling a business is, inevitably, challenging as well as exciting, and a rock-solid relationship is key for the co-founders—and it takes work. One step they’ve taken is working with a CEO coach, which He says “has been such a powerful addition to our relationship, really making the two of us much more synergistic.”Another has been working directly with a mentor. Through a partnership with The Wing and Range Rover Evoque, He and Faulhaber were also paired up with Natalia Oberti Noguera, the founder and CEO of Pipeline Angels, “a network of women and femme angel investors focused on funding women and femme entrepreneurs.”Oberti Noguera advised the founders on everything from scaling and balancing their culture, to hiring better and smarter, to nurturing their team, especially at this stage of the company. “This is what they don’t tell you—there are growing pains,” she said during one session. Taking ADAY’s own tagline to heart, she advised: “You need to do more with less, especially in the early days. As much as you want to strive for excellence, sometimes you just have to strive.”“You need to do more with less, especially in the early days. As much as you want to strive for excellence, sometimes you just have to strive.”In any kind of working relationship, but especially as co-founders, communication is everything, and He says they’ve learned over the years to keep their own egos in check in order to put the company first. In the beginning, “I would say something that was very much about me instead of us, but not even intentionally. It’s just hard to always look at the world from both of your perspectives or from a whole company’s perspective,” He says. “Over time we got much, much better at doing that, but also at forgiving the other person if they say the wrong thing.”Key to this understanding is a willingness to always talk it out. “Both of us investing in our relationship through conversation, through constant dialogue, really has been the number-one most important investment into the company,” Faulhaber says. He puts it even more succinctly: “We’ve realized there’s no one else out there who has both ADAY’s and our interests more at heart than the other person.”Worn throughout: Meg - The Frankie Shop blazer, ADAY top, Proenza Schouler skirt, Zara shoes, Nina - ADAY top, The Frankie Shop pants, ASOS shoes, Leigh Miller hoops 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			All the outfit inspo you'll need for next season.Fashion week has come to Milan—and the city didn't disappoint. The Spring 2020 runways have been a sight to behold, but don't forget about Milan's most fashionable residents and visitors, who showed up to Fashion Week to provide a breathtaking show all by themselves. Chic, daring, and jaw-dropping, the street style in Milan was almost as buzzy as the runways themselves.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Kate Middleton is back at work today with a surprise engagement and very fall-ready outfit. The Duchess of Cambridge is visiting the Sunshine House Children and Young People’s Health and Development Centre, where she's meeting with the Southwark Family Nurse Partnership team. The Daily Mail's royal reporter Rebecca English revealed the visit was under embargo until Kate arrived there.To further her research and engagement with the Early Years sector, The Duchess of Cambridge is visiting Sunshine House Children and Young People’s Health and Development Centre to meet with the Southwark Family Nurse Partnership team pic.twitter.com/TFoiZfHNtvThe Duchess is wearing a navy blouse with high-waisted pants. Kensington Palace just announced the visit itself, sharing a video of Kate inside the center. "The Duchess of Cambridge visited @EvelinaLondon Sunshine House to meet the Southwark @FNPNationalUnit, as part of her research and engagement with the Early Years sector. The Family Nurse Partnership is a voluntary home visiting programme for first time parents aged 24 & under," the Palace tweeted.The Duchess of Cambridge visited @EvelinaLondon Sunshine House to meet the Southwark @FNPNationalUnit, as part of her research and engagement with the Early Years sector.The Family Nurse Partnership is a voluntary home visiting programme for first time parents aged 24 & under. pic.twitter.com/TwKJQY3RuBKate has made children's mental health one of her main issues. In her speech at her RHS Wisley event last week, Kate spoke about how crucial a child's upbringing is in influencing who they become as adults and shaping healthy habits."The experience we gain during our earliest years influences who we become as people," she said. "They influence how we interact in school, at work, and in society, and ultimately, how we bring up our own children.""As a parent, I’ve learned just how important it is to foster our child’s development in all areas, not just physical, as soon as they’re born," she added later. "We build the blocks, the foundations for future success and happiness later in their lives."For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.subscribe hereFrom: ELLE US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The models wore inky lipstick and tight Dutch braids.What would a female James Bond look like? That was the theme of Max Mara's Spring 2020 ready-to-wear collection, which saw models from Gigi and Bella Hadid to Candice Swanepoel sent down the runway in inky lipstick and tight Dutch braids. Creative director Ian utilized muted shades, knee-high socks, and pointed pumps, which lent the show an "undercover agent" feel. Who said workplace attire had to be boring? See all the best looks, ahead.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The second-most exciting part of Prada's Spring 2020 ready-to-wear collection show were the celebrities sitting front row—Nicole Kidman, Alexa Chung, and A$AP Rocky, among others—but even the A-listers seemed dull compared to the bold runway looks. Elegant while still emanating a sense of personal style, the Spring show was filled with texture, intriguing silhouettes, and pretty, feminine detailing. See all the best looks, ahead.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			They go with everything.  This is a modal window.Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window.End of dialog window.Every shoe collection needs a pair of black booties; they're a simple staple that go a long way with what's already in your closet. The key is finding a style that's versatile (to match jeans one day and a dress the next) and, even more importantly has contoured arch support to make them comfortable enough to wear all day. Meet the Paloma Wedge from Vionic, a bootie made with weather-resistant suede. In the video above, ELLE’s fashion director Nikki Ogunnaike pairs them with two different looks—first, with a white sweater and a black leather suit, and then, dressed down with jeans and a tee.Check it out for more inspo on how to style them yourself, and then get to shopping—trust us, you're going to be obsessed.From: ELLE US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Hunter has expanded into clothes, bags, and even sandals, but its vast selection of rain boots is the brand's bread and butter, and today Amazon is offering some steep discounts on several pairs.These rain boots don't only look nice, they're specially designed with those gloomy rainy days in mind. Each pair is handcrafted out of natural rubber and vulcanized to ensure your feet stay dry. Plus, the rubber and nylon edges of the boots are specially covered to keep them from rubbing up against your legs. Hunter has plenty of options to choose from, but if you want to score a sweet deal, take a look at the brand's short rain boots. While this style can normally cost up to $150, Amazon's offering glossy and matte finishes for as little as $79.99 and $84.99, respectively.  The catch? Prices are based on color and size, so you'll have to do some digging to find a pair that fits your personal style and budget. Whether you're on the hunt for a great deal or simply don't want a little mist to hinder your outfit, this deal is simply too good to pass up. Shop more Amazon Fashion sales with Slick Deals.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			A leather blazer dressed up the look.It wasn't too long ago that Hailey Bieber recreated several of Princess Diana's iconic outfits for a photo shoot in Vogue Paris. Now, she's back to her more casual, athleisure-loving ways. The style star has made wearing pieces like leather biker shorts with a sports bra look attainable and fully pulls off an oversize pantsuit set (I would definitely look crazy in the same outfit).Understandably, then, for her off-duty days (when she's not attending posh events or walking red carpets), Bieber's typical style is relaxed and comfortable. Yesterday, it appeared she was feeling the oversized-t-shirt-and-white-boots look. The model ditched the pants—they can be a constricting hassle anyways—and opted to cover up with an oversized black leather blazer, which was slightly longer than her MM6 Maison Margiela tee. (Editor's note: She absolutely could have been wearing Soffe shorts or the like underneath her shirt/dress, we're just calling it as we see it.) Bieber isn't the first celeb to adopt the pants-less look, though, as other stars like Kendall Jenner and Lily Collins also look stellar in this style.The outfit really hits levels of street style amazingness thanks to the knee-high, white boots (so mod) and angular sunglasses. I need both in my life. Now.Feeling Bieber's outfit? Shop similar oversize tees you can wear with or without pants, below. Pro tip: Go one size up from your usual for that extra slouchy look.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The designer teamed up with Warner Bros to celebrate the show's 25th anniversary.It's been 25 years since Friends first hit our screens, meaning it's been 25 years since we first started coveting Rachel Green's chic style. And, as every fan will know, the fashionista worked at both Bloomingdales and Ralph Lauren during her 10 years on the show—and the two have now teamed up with Warner Bros on a collection that celebrates Green's working wardrobe.Ralph Lauren has curated a Wear To Work collection based on the character's style, consisting of many of Green's distinctive '90s and '00s pieces, given an update for 2019. These include; leather trousers and skirts, polo-neck knits, pin-striped suits, and mini and midi skirts, as well as a dash of leopard print. The pieces come from both Polo Ralph Lauren and Ralph Lauren Collection, meaning that many are more affordable than you might expect.The collection will be on display at the location of Rachel's very first big fashion job, Bloomingdales, where a special Friends 25th anniversary installation will be in place. As well as shopping Rachel's Ralph Lauren wardrobe, fans will be able to grab a complimentary cup of coffee from a recreation of Central Perk and visit the department store's third floor to see a recreation of Rachel's office.But, if you don't happen to be in New York for this very Instagram-able opportunity, worry not, because you can still purchases pieces from the Rachel Green collection online and in Ralph Lauren stores from today.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.subscribe hereFrom: Harper's BAZAAR UK		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Revive the prep-school print with color combos and patterns that suit every style.We’re mad for plaid!  This season, the quintessential fall print has taken hold on accessories. Our favorite? Seeing the prep school print emblazoned on handbags. Consider making it your statement piece by pairing with jeans and a plain sweater, or get creative by wearing more than one plaid piece in complementary color ways at once. Not convinced just yet? Here, Tina Craig of @bagsnob, explains why a plaid bag is fall's must-carry accessory.Marie Claire: Plaid has always been a quintessential back-to-school trend. How are we seeing grown-up takes on the pattern? Tina Craig: Plaid printed on a sheer fabric gives traditional plaids a fresh take and creates dimension. I’m obsessed with the PVC plaid that Calvin Klein and now Fendi are known for. When it comes to mixing plaid with current trends, a neon plaid (à la Prada) is another favorite of mine.MC: What makes a plaid bag a worthy investment over, say, a leather one? TC: Plaid is more versatile than you might think. If you have a daily uniform, a plaid bag makes a strong statement without you having to completely revamp your wardrobe. Bags add color and personality to our wardrobe, and plaid is one of those patterns that never go out of style. MC: What should people wear with their plaid bags? TC: I love looks that feature competing plaid prints—almost to the point of clashing. It’s a way to push the envelope and have some fun with plaid. If you prefer a more classic style, add a plaid bag to a white blouse and a navy blazer.Shop our top picks, below. •••This story appears in the September 2019 issue of Marie Claire. SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			No shoes under three inches, please. In our biweekly series, editors share "the item they wear to death," whether it be a basic white tee or a super-trendy jumpsuit. Prepare yourself (and your credit card) for some guilt-free shopping.Disclaimer: I realize that I’m not that short compared to the national average (5'4" for a woman, compared to my 5'2"). But as someone who grew up surrounded by primarily tall friends (5'6" and above), I've always suffered from a height complex.I reached my peak height at the end of middle school, and despite downing copious amounts of calcium vitamins and lean protein, it's remained static since then. It's not always amusing being the "fun-sized" person in my friend group. I've been asked, on numerous occasions, how the view was from "down there," been mistaken for my friends' little sister, and have had my head used as an elbow rest more times than I can count. In an effort to give myself a slight confidence boost, I started relying on high heels. I wore heels with everything, and I do mean every. If they were sandals, they were wedge sandals. If they were dress shoes, they were stilettos. If they were sneakers, they were platform sneakers. And if they were boots, they were chunky booties. I wore heels so often that the backs of my feet started developing permanent calluses (not an exaggeration) by the time I graduated from college. Even sneakers (the normal-height, athletic ones) eventually became more uncomfortable than heels because I was so accustomed to walking with all my weight shifted forward on the balls of my feet. Yet, I didn't really consider this a problem until a visit with my podiatrist a few years ago, who told me that my knees and hips have to push forward and my back has to hyperextend backwards to counterbalance the heels. This can potentially misalign the whole skeleton, which could lead to further leg, hip, and back pain down the line. Translation: Those sexy pumps weren't doing any favors for my body, even if I felt like I had gotten used to them. I wasn't willing to forsake my sartorial lift just yet, so in order to rectify the possibility of impending arthritis, I started wearing flatforms. Flatforms are the single greatest invention of the fashion industry. If you're not familiar with the term, they look exactly how they sound: elevated platform shoes that are flat. You get the supplementary elevation of heels without the pulsing, constrictive, numbing pain that comes with an angled ankle. Flatforms were huge in the '90s, and thankfully, they're a style that Steve Madden is still embracing. I have the brand to thank for my admittedly extensive collection. Steve Madden is the freaking king of flatforms. Trust.   Seoul searching (lol sorry)A post shared by  Hana Hong (@hanahong42) on Jul 15, 2019 at 3:28pm PDTMy favorite pair are these strappy black ones—they go with everything, give me a whole 4 extra inches in height, and have additional padding at the insole for cushioning as you walk. They're so comfortable that I don't even notice I'm wearing heels until I step out of them (and abruptly plunge a few inches to the ground). Plus, I can personally vouch for the quality—I've been wearing these troopers all summer and they hardly look worn in.I once read a study that said there's a change in gait ("reduced stride and increased rotation and tilt of the hips") when women wear heels—in my case flatforms—and I can attest to that. I mean, you don't walk in heels, you strut. You're a badass woman. My stature, my hip sway, and my outfits are better with these black flatforms strapped to my feet. Also, now I don’t have to worry about my lumbar spine flattening or a potential posterior displacement of the head (quoting my brutally honest podiatrist), which you know, is a huge selling point.For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Anyone else excited for #sweaterweather? Fall/winter has a way of sneaking up, just as you're enjoying those last beach days and poolside chill sessions. Suddenly, the frantic search for a cute winter jacket or pair of snow boots leads to some regrettable last-minute purchases. All that ends today. Snap out of summer mode for a brief minute and brush up on the fall 2019 fashion trends. Start adding these pieces to your wishlist and you'll be ahead of the game.Feel like a superhero this season in one of fall's trendiest capes, like this one from Chloé. The oversize outerwear was also seen on the runways of Céline, Burberry, and Oscar de la Renta, among others. It's the fashion-girl alternative to a trench coat or denim jacket. Snag one if you want to be more daring with your look this season.This Gucci cape won't overwhelm your figure, making it the perfect piece to wear with your fall sweaters and jeans. The item comes straight from its Cruise 2019 collection, which gives off a punk but preppy vibe that's arguably so luxe thanks to that velvet touch and interlocking G pattern. Give this trench coat-inspired cape a try if you're hesitant about deviating from your go-to outerwear. It's sophisticated and not too trendy, which means you can keep it for years to come.The red-and-black color combo in this cape reminds me of the costumes in The Incredibles, except, more wearable at the office than a spandex catsuit. Once you throw this cape on, you'll never want to take it off. Last year off-the-shoulder had its moment; this year, it's all about the asymmetric neckline. Spotted on the runways of Carolina Hererra (left), as well as Zimmermann and Kate Spade New York, this slanted one-shoulder look perfectly highlights your collarbone and shoulder without displaying it all. This minor neckline tweak is all you need to elevate your outfits.The kind of whimsical tulle dress that can be paired with heels for an ethereal look or combat boots and tights for a feminine-meet-edgy outfit. Throw on a leather jacket for extra effect.This fluid one-shoulder silk top is guaranteed to fish you those compliments all night long. It can be dressed up with a skirt for parties or dressed down with jeans for date night with the SO. Don't forget to add a pair of gold earrings for a little extra touch. Retire your yellow daisy printed tops in favor of darker, moodier florals for fall/winter. As seen at Paco Rabanne (left), Prada, and Marc Jacobs' fall '19 runway shows, rich floral hues decorated dresses, tops, and skirts, proving this print is more alive than ever for the autumn season.This dress has all the bells and whistles, from an off-the-shoulder fit to fluttery cap sleeves. For that reason, it's a good special-occasion dress, so wear it to that fall bridal shower or barnyard wedding.Clothing isn't the only place to display your moody florals. This crossbody bag from a special collab between Coach and designer Tabitha Simmons is a good way to work in the trend. We love the meadow rose print on a reimagined silhouette from 1973. Leather goes beyond just jackets this fall. Take a cue from the Alexander McQueen runway (left) and slip into an opulent leather dress. If that's not your style, you might want to try a pair of faux leather pants or a blouse in the material for that pop that won't overwhelm. Nanushka's faux leather pieces are buttery soft, which is why I love this shirt. The top is a wearable way to rock the leather trend without feeling out of your element. It's basically a button-down, but more sleek and fashion-forward.This faux leather trench gives off don't-mess-with-me fashionista vibes and I'm all for it. Plus Sofia Richie had a hand in creating it, so if you're obsessed with the whole Kardashian-Disick-Richie clan, this outerwear is perfect for your fangirl soul. These skinny leather pants are perfect for someone who wants a tailored look. You can easily wear this with a chiffon top tucked in or dress it up for work with an oversized blazer. The zippers add a unique detail you won't find anywhere else.Power suits are always in and if you're already a fan, or eager to try out the style, good news: They'll be in abundance come fall/winter. Designers like Joseph Altuzarra (left) debuted smart suiting options for women in the pre-fall 2019 collection and he isn't the only one. You'll find tailored sets from the likes of Proenza Schouler and Givenchy.Everyone from Amy Poehler to Hillary Clinton has worn Argent's suits for their tailored fit and multiple hidden pockets (leave your purse at home). Once you slip this on, you'll definitely feel like a power woman.Dip your toes into the suiting world by trying out a neutral-colored set like this one from Mango. You'll get the most wear out of the two-piece look because the trousers can be mixed and matched with summer tops while the blazer will pair nicely with fall denim.You may remember this iconic runway image of three models in the most fabulous jewel-toned coats for Max Mara's fall 2019 runway show. No one does the monochromatic outfit better and you can bet these must-have pieces will inspire other fashion houses to follow suit. Whether you go for a teal coat or a fuchsia-colored silk top, get ready to brighten up your all-black fall wardrobe. This faux fur coat comes in a rich blue tone that's both runway-worthy and wearable. It's designed with a relaxed fit for those who like their outerwear a little loose and boxy. Wear with a turtleneck sweater and skirt underneath. If you only have room in your closet for one jewel-toned piece (#apartmentproblems), invest in this silky wrap top—it'll brighten up all your looks. We love that it has both a feminine and vintage feel. PSA: The brand is also beloved by celebs like Elsa Hosk and Rosie Huntington-Whiteley. Every season I tell myself I need a plaid blazer and every season I fail to buy one. However, hopefully for this fall that all changes because the plaid options are absurdly good. (Just look at this option from Veronica Beard's pre-fall 2019 collection.) Both Buberry and MSGM served up plaid pieces in their runway shows, so prepare to wear the print with a cool-girl twist—like with biker shorts. At the top of my wishlist for fall is a plaid blazer. Though I love the bigger, bolder print, I'll probably end up buying something like this. The design is less in your face, making it suitable for the office. The light gray coloring also works well for both summer and fall ensembles.  Give your flowy maxis and jeans a more rugged look by wearing this plaid hiker-esque ankle boot. The rubber-soled shoes are supportive enough for walking around the city or for a brisk walk through the woods as you admire the fall foliage.The plaid print never gets old, especially when you put it on newer silhouettes like this high-waisted flare trouser. The bottoms make the print feel fresh for fall, so style with a tucked in tee or sweater.The best thing about winter is snuggling right into your furry parka or lightweight—but very warm—puffer jacket. As the runways like Burberry (left) have shown, puffy outerwear is still trendier as ever. You can go for something grand like this piece or take it down a notch with a wearable cropped puffer, like the one from Miu Miu, ahead.Stand out on the ski slopes in this fire-engine red puffer jacket. The sporty silhouette is lightweight, but fully insulated with down padding, and comes with a designer logo appliqué for that fancy touch.Aritzia's long puffer coat is like a safe cocoon for your body when the weather is dreadful. With this on, you'll pay no mind to the wind or snow on your commute to work.I don't mind looking like a penguin (a plump plum?) when I'm in this Nanushka coat. The faux leather has such a nice shine and the belt helps define the waist, so you're not totally drowning in material.  Spotted clothes run the gamut for fall/winter. Expect to see your usual leopard print on new outerwear styles and spots on everything from slip dresses to skirts. If you haven't found that perfect leopard print faux fur coat yet, this season is your chance.Marianna Hewitt, the creator of cult beauty brand Summer Fridays, just launched a clothing collab with DL1961. Judging from cute pieces like this silky leopard printed top, the beauty guru has amazing taste in style too. This button-up shirt also makes a compelling case for you to ditch your white one during the work week. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The new bags are a big departure for the luggage brand. Luggage brand Away has a habit of keeping their multitudes of fans on their toes. Known for their sleek, highly-functional suitcases and travel bags, Away has developed something of a reputation for cool limited-edition collections and colorful collaborations. Just last week, they launched a rainbow cake-inspired collaboration with NYC bakery Flour Shop, and now they're back at it again with something entirely new. While they've had backpacks and duffle-style day bags for quite some time, today Away took their venture into every day bags to the next level with two brand new styles of tote bags. Made from premium leather, these totes—aptly named the Longitude and Latitude, respectively—are stylish enough to carry to the office, and practical enough to become your go-to "personal item" on the plane. The Latitude offers a wide, traditional tote shape which can hold up to a 15 inch laptop, while the Longitude provides a taller, more shoulder bag-esque shape that can tote laptops up to 13 inches wide. Designed with on-the-go types in mind, the bags come with a special detachable strap that fits over the handles of Away's signature suitcases for easy travel. Both styles come with a detachable interior zipper pouch and key clip strap and are available in a range of four colors: classic black, forest green, a dusty pink, and a rich wine red.  Check out the full range below, then get yours at Away. From: Town & Country US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Fall is just days away, so if you have yet to stock up on sweaters, jackets, and booties, now's the time. Amazon is known for selling virtually anything and everything you can think of—and that includes some great fall clothes in its low-key awesome fashion section. Even better? The site is currently offering some seriously deep discounts on boots, jackets, and handbags. Peruse through some of our fall favorites currently on sale, below. $198$99.99It's time to break out dreamy fabrics like suede, leather, boucle, and corduroy. This bomber jacket, for example, will look just as good with a floral maxi dress as it will with a simple t-shirt and jeans.   $165.95$132.99With a shoulder strap, top handle, and plenty of pockets, you'll inevitably use this purse year-round. $99$63.82Want to add a pop of color to your wardrobe? Feast your eyes on this periwinkle number from Amazon's signature company, Lark &  Ro. Talk about fancy feet! These metallic booties have a reasonable three-inch heel, so you can look stylish without sacrificing comfort.$89.99$82.73Consider Levi's bomber the perfect layering piece for when it's kind of chilly, but not cold enough for a full-fledged coat.$252.62$149.47Between the gorgeous green hue and modest 1.75-inch heel, Calvin Klein's boots are the perfect marriage of form and function. Just when we thought there was such thing as too many ankle boots...$94.19$83.41Of course, no fall wardrobe is complete without a great leather jacket. BB Dakota's style is made with vegan leather, so you can look and feel your best.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Bring that cute carry-on, cause you're packing light!  This is a modal window.Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window.End of dialog window.Who doesn't want to pack less but still look super cute? In the above video, Nikki shows how Vionic's leather Savannah Flat can carry you through all kinds of occasions while you're away—making for light, easy packing. Slip on the flats with denim-on-denim for a look that's simple and polished at the airport. (Bonus: Vionic's advanced arch support will keep you comfortably on your feet while you're exploring the terminal.) When you land, change into a neutral jumpsuit for a casual day around town, and then swap that out for a fit-and-flare dress at night. Check out the video above to see the full outfits—and then shop the flats yourself.From: ELLE US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			These stylish looks require little to no effort.If summer is for showing off how great you look without a lot of clothing, fall is for demonstrating what you can do with your wardrobe. It's time to burrow into your oversize fuzzy sweaters and wear the same pair of blue jeans Monday–Friday. (But every outfit will look different! We promise!) Fall fashion means figuring out how to layer without looking like an overstuffed penguin. Though I'm still trying to master that last part, I can show you how to create 16 cute autumn outfits, as seen on the streets. Read ahead for some quick styling tips. When you have on a statement coat, you can wear sweats underneath and no one will bat an eye. Now's the time to show off your favorite glossy trenches and teddy bear-inspired shearling jackets. A good fall coat is one investment piece you shouldn't skimp out on.Shop similar: Rains glossed trench coat, $208Autumn's cooler temps mean you can finally break out your new leather pieces. As seen on the spring 2020 runways, buttery soft leather is having a moment, and will continue to next year, whether it's as a shirt, dress, or even jumpsuit. Nanushka is the OG of this trend, so investing in a piece from the brand is a must. Shop similar: Nanushka dress, $680Instead of buying another pair of black skinnies, think outside of the box and choose a deconstructed pair. The crisscross button design is wearable and not a dramatic change to your wardrobe (for those who are more trend-wary), yet it still adds a level of coolness to your sweater or t-shirt. Shop similar: Agolde crisscross jeans, $188 Give your beloved button-down shirt new life on the weekend with a shimmery skirt, like this sequin number. You'll look instantly dressy for whatever going-out plans you have. If your office dress code is more lax, you might even be able to get away with this look come Monday morning.Shop similar: Camila Coelho sequin skirt, $188Fall officially signals the start of denim jacket weather. (Even if you've been wearing yours around the office because #airconditioning.) To breathe new life into your look, incorporate a shimmery, metallic top. Street style star Andresha Debourg went the extra mile with two different colored shiny pieces for a fancy-but-dressed-down vibe. Tie your ensemble together with a pair of sneakers that match your top.Shop similar: Re/Done trucker jacket, $395One way to dress for tricky transitional weather is with layers. To wear your summer pieces—like a linen jumpsuit—into the fall, slip a thin turtleneck sweater underneath. Weather-permitting, you can skip the jacket altogether.Shop similar:  H&M ribbed turtleneck, $15If summertime colors are all pinks and yellows, then fall calls for muted tones like burnt orange and rich burgundy. If you don't already have these colors in your wardrobe, might I suggest this cinnamon velvet-colored puff top? You'll soon find that brown and orange hues are just as versatile as black or navy. Don't be afraid to mix and match various prints in these shades, like the ladies on the left.Shop similar: WAYF puff sleeve top, $89A foolproof way to make your summer slips fall appropriate is with a lightweight cardigan. The cover-up gives offers that extra warmth, necessary since spaghetti straps don't exactly provide you with much coverage. I recommend having a taupe or beige option that will go with everything in your closet.Shop similar: Aritzia cardigan, $178 and Topshop slip dress, $75Not ready to trade in your lace-up sandals for suede ankle boots yet? I feel ya. Luckily, in the early weeks of autumn, you can still wear open-toe sandals or woven espadrilles without flirting with hypothermia. Style your summer shoes with your favorite long-sleeved T-shirt dress or a cozy fall sweater and jeans.Shop similar: Lou & Grey jersey dress, $70Here's an idea for a fresh way to style your most-used piece of outerwear: Leave it unbuttoned, wear it slightly off one shoulder, then roll up your jacket sleeves to expose the sleeves of your shirt. To keep the coat on, simply belt it. This slightly disheveled, but effortless fashun look will make everyone on the streets do a double take—in a good way. Plus, now your cute top won't be hidden under your trench coat.Shop similar: Zara trench coat, $129My favorite fall combination is a dress over jeans because I'm not a fan of tights (sorry, Kate Middleton). They always rip! This simple combination ensures you can wear your Free People summer dress and your fall jeans without picking favorites. When it comes to what kind of denim you should wear underneath, go for a straight or slim fit with a cropped or frayed hem for extra style points. Shop similar: See by Chloé lace dress, $895Plaids are always in for fall/winter. An unconventional way to work this classic print into your outfit is with an accessory, like this Les Petits Joueurs handbag. Caroline Daur added some color to her all-black ensemble by toting around a plaid bag and topping it all off with blue sunglasses and a red lip. If you're not into plaid bags, perhaps try a plaid heel with jeans?Shop similar: Edie Parker bucket bag, $595Find a good pantsuit set and you're good to go for any work event or fancy dinner party. The two-piece look is so easy to wear (I like to layer a crop top or tee underneath) and you can rock it with sneakers, mule pumps, boots, or flats. Best of all, you can wear the coordinates separately or together, like this Fashion Week attendee did. Shop similar: Negin x Express blazer, $148 and Negin x Express bermuda bottoms, $70The cool, but not muggy, temperatures in the fall make it possible to wear things like a sweater dress and not suffer a heatstroke. Instead of accessorizing with a belt, strap on a waist bag to highlight your midsection and to break up the look. While this fashionista chose a pair of sparkly boots, you can trade in booties for sneakers or a cool Everlane glove heel. Shop similar: Jacquemus sweater dress, $590The shearling jacket is a good in-between option for days when you can't wear a leather jacket (it's too cold), but you also don't want to wear a down coat (it's not really winter yet). Two years ago, I found the best one at Forever 21, which I wear over and over with jeans and boots—simple. The jacket shields me from the wind and keeps me warm, though I don't recommend wearing it in snow storms: the shearling gets wet and crusts over.Shop similar: Sandy Liang shearling jacket, $595Pause! Don't pack away your summer skirts yet. You can rework them for fall in several easy steps: 1. Find a sweater thin enough to tuck into your skirt, 2. Wear a pair of tights underneath your skirt, 3. Style with the ankle or knee-high boots of your choice. Top with your favorite transitional jacket and, voilà! Your skirt is now ready for #OOTD photos at the pumpkin patch.Shop similar: Uniqlo sweater, $30 and J.Crew skirt, $98•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It was the ultimate party look.Everyone's getting one last party in before London Fashion Week officially ends (and Milan FW starts). Gigi Hadid, who was in town to walk in the Burberry show, topped off her night at a bash by Love magazine and YouTube. The festivities were hosted by Katie Grand and Derek Blasberg, a close friend of Gigi and Bella Hadid. For the night out, Gigi wore a sparkly Burberry pantsuit set with a sheer-panel bralette underneath—a trend we saw all over the spring 2020 runways. She layered on multiple gold necklaces and wore hoop earrings. Meanwhile, Bella, also in Burberry, showed up in a lace-up t-shirt dress that read "Nature makes the whole world kin. Now I will believe that there are unicorns." She finished the look with a black leather blazer and black pointed-toe boots. Though Bella's look was edgier, Gigi definitely went for the sexy feminine-meets-masculine vibe. The bralette revealed just enough skin to make her standout without making her feel completely in the nude.The sisters showed off their personal styles: At the party, Gigi and Bella mingled with fellow model Lily Aldridge—they've all previously walked in the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show together.What a crowd. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Burberry, Victoria Beckham, and more.Next up on the runway schedule: London Fashion Week. The fashion crowd flew into town to check out all the shows and parties, from Burberry's star-studded runway (everyone from Kendall Jenner and Bella Hadid to Grace Elizabeth walked) to Love magazine's bash with YouTube. Though Riccardo Tisci was one to watch, there were many other designers who created unforgettable designs for spring 2020. Check out all of our favorite runway looks, ahead.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here).		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Make room for the new kicks on the block. Post–New York Fashion Week, we're breaking down all the trends you need to know for spring 2020...now. We're talking clothing and accessories, especially footwear. Many attendees keep their eyes on the outfits—or the incredible makeup looks—but a shoe-obsessed shopper like me was paying attention to what the models wore on their feet as they strutted down the runway. In case you missed a show or two, I rounded up the top six footwear trends I spotted, ahead. Don't stock up on too many fall booties, you'll want to keep space in your closet for what will be the most coveted shoes of next season.Marc Jacobs (left) and Jason WuThe most ubiquitous shoe trend for spring 2020 will be the Mary Jane–inspired silhouette. Designers breathed new life into this style by incorporating prints or adding texture à la Marc Jacobs' shearling-covered heels. Whether you decide to go for a sophisticated or playful look, you won't have trouble finding a bevy of design options.This pair of Mary Janes has a sophisticated feel thanks to the houndstooth and black leather exterior. To add another luxury element to it, the item is made in Italy. The most classic pair of MJs from a brand that is known for making super comfortable footwear. Style with a knit dress and tights or with jeans.Take off the strap and you'd have a regular black pump. This single detail could be simple, but instead it features Gucci's signature colors.Tory Burch (left) and Cynthia RowleyBows are sticking around for next season, so there's no reason to give up on finding a feminine shoe to wear to weddings and on vacations. Burch paired yellow bow pumps with floral dresses featuring a matching giant bow neckline, while Rowley styled black kitten mules with oversize shirts and slouchy bottoms. Personally, I'm a fan of the latter, a boy-meets-girl-meets-comfort look.This slingback flat can be worn for both spring and fall, so you don't have to worry about seasonality. Adding to my checkout cart right now.A perfect white bow shoe for brides-to-be. The low heel will provide comfort all night long as you mingle and dance with your guests.Inject color into your outfits from the feet up with these striped pink flats. Get a little matchy-matchy with pink accessories, too, like this handbag.Prabal Gurung (left) and Sies MarjanDesigners had fun repositioning and reconfiguring the straps of shoes for spring 2020, like these asymmetrical straps that wrap diagonally across your feet. Some made the straps wider, like Prabal Gurung, while others stuck to the barely-there sandal look that took over everyone's closet in spring 2019.These minimalist sandals are almost all sold out, so grab them before they're officially gone. They take zero effort to style, but look amazingly chic with every outfit.Meghan Markle loves Aquazzura shoes, so fans, if you're finally ready to splurge, why not opt for these new "Carolyne" sandals? Rock them at your next special occasion.Asymmetrical straps aren't limited to just heels—they look great on flat sandals too. This one is easy to slip on and off since it doesn't have any annoying buckles or clasps.Anna Sui (left) and Self-PortraitAn easy way to add interest to a heel is by rethinking the shape or adding a pattern. Self-Portrait experimented with a snakeskin print, while Anna Sui turned her bootie's heel into what looked like a mini chair leg. Distinct looks that make an equally impactful fashion statement.  The python print on this combat-style boot is echoed on the heel itself, which makes it unique from other options on the market. The white laces are a nice touch, too.What says glam more than a white ankle bootie sprinkled with gold glitter. To give even more pizazz to this shoe, a worn metallic effect was added to the heel. You'll have to be careful not to get this spiral heel caught in those pesky subway grates on your commute to work. It's worth the effort though: This tiny detail gives whole new life to plain brown boots.Anna Sui (left) and Tibi Chunky platform shoes will be the sole aesthetic for next season. Models at Tibi clunked around in various versions of the gray shoes seen here, while Anna Sui models strutted down the runway with ease in floral clogs. Here's hoping all the platform footwear won't feel as heavy as they look.I can see the likes of Cara Delevingne and Miley Cyrus in these chunky shoes. Channel their coolness by slipping into a pair of these menswear-inspired shoes asap.Take your height and tack on an extra 4.75 inches with these party-ready suede platform heels. The train on your dress won't drag on the floor anymore.If one of fashion's most beloved brands Jacquemus has released a clog, you know they're 100-percent back in style. Don't wait until everyone else is wearing them, get yours right now.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The supermodel looked incredible.London Fashion Week is currently underway, and Naomi Campbell's Fashion for Relief runway show at The British Museum attracted several famous faces on Saturday night. Models Adut Akech, Stella Maxwell, and Alexa Chung were all in attendance, but it was Campbell's arrival look that caught everyone's attention.Campbell posed in a jaw-dropping black gown featuring several sheer panels with delicate sequin adornments, and very little else. The supermodel appeared to be wearing the see-through dress without underwear. Campbell also posed on the red carpet with model Adut Akech, who was recently featured on Meghan Markle's guest-edited British Vogue cover.Supermodel Campbell set up the charitable foundation in 2005 after being encouraged by Nelson Mandela. Per Campbell on the official Fashion for Relief website, "He always said to use my voice to speak out about things that I care about, to speak up and do something. Fashion For Relief is dedicated to improving the lives of those living in adversity, by uniting the fashion industry as a force for good."  The organization regularly gives money to a number of charities and causes, with the website noting that, since its inception, Fashion for Relief has raised "over $15 million for good causes around the world."For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HEREFrom: Harper's BAZAAR US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Better than sitting in the front row. London Fashion Week is here, giving the fashion crowd another reason to dress up. One of the most highly anticipated shows is Riccardo Tisci's Burberry event. Last season, the chief creative officer named the fall 2019 collection "Tempest," which referred to "contrasts in British culture and weather." This season, anything goes. Not much has been revealed about the spring 2020 collection except a quick Instagram post reminding everyone to watch the show.If you're wondering how to catch the catwalk, we have a little secret—a livestream! Tune into the runway show, which starts soon, below. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Don't get us wrong, marrying into the royal family has its perks in the fashion department (bespoke tailoring, for one), but when it comes down to it, style cannot be bought. It's inherent. Case in point: Duchess of Cambridge Kate Middleton, who looks just as effortless in a made-to-fit dress as she does in breton stripes and denim. As an ode to her royally chic taste, we're looking back on her most stylish moments thus far.Kate wore Emilia Wickstead again in September for the RHS "Back to Nature" festival—this time opting for a long-sleeved, floral look from the designer, which £1,635 ($2,255). She paired the posh dress with uber-affordable, $6 earrings. Kate wore a pretty, custom Emilia Wickstead dress for the Men's Finals Day of the Wimbledon Tennis Championships at All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club in London. Kate looked classic in this black and white dress at day 2 of the Wimbledon Tennis Championships at the All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club  in London. Kate stunned in this off-the-shoulder gown at Addiction Awareness Week in London. Kate looked chic and modern in a black and white striped top and high-waisted pants at the launch of the King's Cup Regatta at Cutty Sark, Greenwich in London.Kate wore this beautiful blue coat dress with a matching fascinator to attend ANZAC Day Service of Commemoration and Thanksgiving at Westminster Abbey in London.Kate nailed the preppy chic look in this grey and black dress that she wore to visit The Foundling Museum in London.Kate channeled Harry Potter vibes in a baby-blue Mulberry coat (which she paired with navy Rupert Sanderson Malory pumps during a trip to Northern Ireland.Kate stunned in this bright purple skirt and jacket set during a visit to The Royal Opera House in London. For a Christmas party for families of military personnel deployed in Cyprus at Kensington Palace, Kate wore a perfect holiday look—a long, festive red skirt and a black sweater. Kate wore a stunning burgundy jacket and matching skirt along with a black turtleneck, black tights, and black heels during visit to a UCL Developmental Neuroscience Lab in London. Kate kept it casual in an earth-toned ensemble during a visit to Sayers Croft Forest School and Wildlife Garden in London. Kate wore a gorgeous, sunshine yellow dress to the men's singles final at Wimbledon in 2018. Kate wore a striped Zara dress, Russell & Bromley wedge espadrilles, and carried a Victoria Beckham tote to the Maserati Royal Charity Polo Trophy at Beaufort Polo Club in Gloucestershire.Kate wore a cream Goat Fashion coat and a pair of black skinny jeans to a SportsAid event. This is the Duchess' final outing before she is due to give birth to her and William's third child.The Duchess of Cambridge visited Pegasus Primary School in Oxford wearing an off-white JoJo Maman Bébé coat and carrying an Emmy London clutch. The Duchess of Cambridge visited the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists in London, wearing a polished blue coat and dress.Kate wore a millennial pink Alexander McQueen floor-length ball gown with a Jimmy Choo clutch during a visit in Norway.The Duchess wore an Erdem Christina blue velvet dress and Gianvito Rossi heels for a reception with Princess Victoria and Prince Daniel during her and William's second day in Sweden.Kate is wearing a Catherine Walker & Co and carrying a a Chanel bag during her and Prince William's second day in Sweden.Kate stunned in a yellow, floral gown from Erdem while her and Prince William met with Swedish prime Minister Stefan Löfven and his wife, Ulla Löfven, for a dinner at the British ambassador’s residence.Kate shows off her baby bump in this light blue Natasha coat on her way to visit the Maurice Wohl Clinical Neuroscience Institute at King's College.The Duchess caused a bit of a stir by not wearing her wedding ring when she visited the Great Ormond Street Hospital in this red "Lena-style" coat from Boden.Kate visits Coventry Cathedral in bright pink Mulberry coat.The Duchess of Cambridge wore a red and green plaid coat to Christmas Day Church service at Church of St Mary Magdalene.Kate attends the "Magic Mums" community Christmas party held at Rugby Portobello Trust in a Seraphine bouclé coat.  Kate wore a baby blue embellished Jenny Packham gown at the Royal Variety Performance at the Palladium Theatre in London.On the final day of their Germany and Poland tour, The Duchess wears a custom Emilia Wickstead dress and Gianvito Rossie heels. Next stop: Germany, in sunny brocade Jenny Packham. In Berlin, she wears German designer Markus Lupfer and a pair of heels with triple squiggly straps. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Peep the sexier way to wear a blazer. Not ready for sweater weather and puffer jackets just yet? Take your mind off the impending dip in temperature and check out the outfit forecast for spring 2020. New York Fashion Week shows have birthed a host of new trends, from waist-cinching corsets to buttery smooth leather dresses and bottoms. As always, it's never too early to adopt any of the trends ahead, which is why we provided "get the look" options too. Start wearing the trends before everyone else.As seen at Staud, Michael Kors, Jonathan Simhaki, and Jason WuThe only way to wear a blazer next season is with a bralette. (Save this for your off-duty days, of course.) Designers played with the idea of showing off your midriff while still making you feel covered up. Take cues from Kors and Wu and opt for high-waisted bottoms for more coverage. This black bra doubles as a teeny-tiny crop top. The versatile hue will work with any color blazer you choose for spring.Since this Dior knit bra is an investment, here are some ideas for how to wear it aside from under a blazer. You can style it over a button-up, let it peek out from underneath a silk shirt, wear it over a turtleneck sweater, or pair it as is with a high-waisted trouser.If your blazer is plainer, show some fierceness underneath with a tiger printed bra. Bonus points if you work the tiger print into your bottoms or accessories too.As seen at Khaite, Kate Spade, Sally LaPointe, and Coach 1941There's no mistaking that leather—including vegan or faux—is the one material everyone's excited to work with next season. Though Nanushka practically built its brand on this look, more and more designers are finding new ways to incorporate the buttery soft material into their pieces. Personally, I am obsessed with that Kate Spade olive leather dress. Nanushka makes some of the softest leather pieces I've ever felt. This top, a Net-a-Porter exclusive, is a take on one of its signature designs. Rock with a pleated skirt or flared jeans for drama. Fashion influencer Negin Mirsalehi created a vegan leather blazer you can wear with jeans, dresses, and more. This outerwear is perfect for transitional weather. I'll be swapping my jeans for these faux leather cargo pants to add some edginess and style to all my outfits. For what to wear on top, why not go with a bralette and blazer?As seen at Jason Wu, Dion Lee, Prabal Gurung, and Brandon MaxwellSide slits are climbing higher than ever for spring 2020, so embrace flashing a little cheek. This effortless cut brings a whole new wave of sexiness to your skirts and keeps you cool when the temps start to rise. For more coverage, go up a size and layer jeans or linen trousers underneath. A skirt that works for day or night depending on the type of top and shoe you wear with it. The asymmetrical cut is perfect for showing off some leg.Reformation is known for creating deep side slits in its skirts. Don't worry though, I've tested one out and can confirm your butt will remain covered all day.Kim Kardashian loves wearing Mugler so what are the chances she already owns this skirt? (Answer: high.) Channel her energy and rock this with a bodysuit or formfitting sheer top.As seen at Sally LaPointe, Ulla Johnson, Bevza, and Oscar de la RentaDesigners embraced the idea of less is more for next season, working with chiffon and tulle to create airy looks. Since the material is basically all see-through, now's the time to show off your prettiest bras, or free the nipple completely.This ethereal top is made from delicate silk-tulle that has been pleated by hand. Wear it with the coordinating skirt and bikini top on your next beach vacation. The adult version of your favorite childhood tutu dress. Slip it over any tee and jeans outfit for an instant street style look. The ruffled hemline keeps it fun and youthfu.This sheer tulle top's statement padded shoulders give the button-up shirt a boxy, dramatic shape. Wear with a lace bralette and tuck into jeans.As seen at Ralph Lauren, Adam Lippes, Sally LaPointe, and Cynthia RowleyDon't be afraid to own the stage (streets?) in 2020. It's your time to shine—literally. Designers like Ralph Lauren and Sally LaPointe gave their stamp of approval to sporting sequins for both day and night. Whether you go with a sparkly gown or a shimmery suit set, prepare to stand out and be the peacock in your friend group.Instead of your usual sequin tank top, try this balloon-sleeve option from Zara. It'll take your black pencil skirt or jeans from daytime casual casual to daytime glam.If you already love wearing sequins, there's not much stopping you from rocking these pants. They come in three different colors, though my personal favorite is the dusty pink hue.This Tibi dress is reversible, so if you're feeling flashy wear the sequins on the front. Otherwise, surprise people with the glitzy detail from behind. They'll do an instant double-take. As seen at Dion Lee, Brock Collection, Jason Wu, and Christian SirianoFor spring, there will be a greater emphasize on defining one's silhouette. An easy way to do this is with a corset, which came in all forms on the runway. Brock Collection made the most romantic Victorian-esque top while Siriano showcased a more bare-bones structure. Get ready to cinch everything in.Give your white button-up shirt the fashion-girl touch by wearing this strapless mint corset top over it. The structured silhouette has bust-framing front flaps and curved seams to highlight your figure. Cowgirl vibes but make it fashion. This denim corset is made with paneled stretch-denim and boning, so it holds its shape. The pieces is new from Miaou, so you can be right on trend. Unlike the other two corsets, this one doesn't completely cover up your body. The piece hugs your waistline for just a hint of drama. Style over a cardigan and skirt. •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			He closed out NYFW with a bang.Marc Jacobs closed out New York Fashion Week with a bang, just as he does every season. The designer hosted his spring 2020 runway show at the Park Avenue Armory in NYC; he sent out an army of models wearing everything from prairie dresses to creations that echoed those of Tomo Koizumi. Nailing down a single theme in Jacob's collection would be difficult, since he appeared to design whatever his heart desired (e.g. one of his looks, a long jersey dress with a lace back, referenced a famous Jeanloup Sieff photo of YSL muse Marina Schiano, who passed away this week). Check out Jacobs' runway looks, ahead.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Headed out last night to attend the launch dinner of the KKW x Winnie Collection at L'Avenue at Saks Fifth Avenue, Kim Kardashian wore a short, short sparkly miniskirt that very deliberately channeled a vintage Versace look, per her Instagram Stories. This isn't the first time Kim has favored vintage or vintage-inspired Versace (if you remember, her cross-studded Met Gala look in 2018 was Versace) and it's in keeping with her stated interest in tagging her original inspiration—which in this case was a VERY vintage, and bit dated, look that she totally refreshed. She tagged the original inspiration as an old Versace line, with the models in burnt orange tights and party outfits. The model pairs the sparkles with a black dress shirt for contrast, and Kim did something similar (albeit a bit more fitted). Instead of chunky slingbacks, Kim paired the look with trendy square-toed PVC sandals. Aside from the fact that PVC shoes make my feet sweaty, I do think this works as a modernized update for a now-dated look. I'm impressed she saw the inspiration—I probably would have taken one look at those yellow tights and said no thank you. Those peep-toed slingbacks were a staples of my '90s/early '00s experience but with the benefit of hindsight I neeeeever want to wear them again. Meanwhile, Chris Appleton, Kim's hair guru, explained how they went from the shortest hair Kim's ever had to loooong extensions, because that's Kim. So that's the reason she ditched the short tresses for this longer look. Here's the original inspo: And Kim's lewk now: Her full outfit including the shoes: Here's the explanation of the extensions (lol Chris):  Back long by popular demand mainly from Kim lol 🙋🏻‍♀️ #ripbob  @thehapablonde @kimkardashianA post shared by  Chris Appleton (@chrisappleton1) on Sep 12, 2019 at 7:46am PDTAnd the sharp, angular bob:  Yesterday we cut @kimkardashian the shortest we have EVER done it.  You guys think we should keep it or nah?A post shared by  Chris Appleton (@chrisappleton1) on Sep 11, 2019 at 12:49pm PDT Epic.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			A sign of becoming a functioning adult typically involves throwing your sneakers, sports bra, water bottle, top, and pants into a gym bag for that workout class after work, then carrying a separate bag that has your phone, laptop, tampons, and 500 other "just in case" items. But the only thing worse than schlepping a gym bag to the office is schlepping one that looks like you're on the way to your two-week sabbatical. (No, Susan, I'm just going to Rumble later.) Keep it light, cool, and casual with these stylish gym bags, below. MZ Wallace's easy to clean Metro Tote, which also comes in a small and medium size, can fit a change of clothes, sneakers, boxing gloves, and a water bottle comfortably without struggling to close the zipper. Magic. Sweaty gym clothes are every woman's worst enemy. Boost's top-rated gym bag comes with a wet pocket to throw in drenched items along with a separate compartment for your shoes so you don't have to worry about your clean towel touching the bottom of them. (Gross.)If you're a light packer, Adidas' small mesh duffel bag comes with an interior sleeve to slide your laptop in and a detachable bag for your shoes. Talk about functional.Fall in love with Isabel Marant's colorblocked tote that gives off '90s vibes. It's perfect for that weekend workout sesh followed by brunch with your girlfriends.If you're more of a backpack kind of gal (and have a chiropractor in the family), Baggu's large sport backpack can fit a 15-inch laptop inside the main compartment, comes with two zippered pockets for extra knick knacks, and has a drawstring close that's hidden when you buckle it completely. Safety!The only motivation you need to actually get yourself to the gym: tacos. Lululemon's crossover bag has Meredith Blake written all over it, which is probably why it's so damn chic. The waterproof bag has a removable shoulder strap and an interior pouch for your water bottle...just make sure not to wash it!You'll feel like you're barely carrying anything while using Free People's lightweight duffel. While it's probably not the sturdiest pick out there, it will get the job done. The three styles—paint splatter, black and yellow, and sky—make it worth it.Translation for "baby bag:" Spacious, functional, and easily wipeable when your underarm sweat (sorry) inevitably soaks up the strap. Store your phone, wallet, and other belongings in the separate detachable pockets so you won't have to dig through your bag for your keys after class.When two brands known for their athleisure collaborate, you know it has to be good. The Caraa x Athleta backpack has a fully removable (!) pouch for sneakers and the entire thing is made out of mesh material to get rid of excess moisture. You can totally get away with carrying this (and only this) baby to the office.Away's Everywhere Bag is meant for, well, everywhere. People who work in a less casual office space will appreciate the briefcase-like style if they're rushing straight to a meeting. Nobody will ever be able to tell what's inside.Herschel's canvas duffel bag also doubles as an overnight bag. Come for the snap-down sides, stay for the roomy interior. Yes, Susan, I actually am heading out of town this weekend. ••• For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Kate Moss! Princess Diana! The Olsen twins!You've probably read at least one think-piece about the resurgence of the '90s, particularly in terms of its fashion. The decade was a breeding ground for iconic clothing styles that won't quit, from grunge-y flannel and cropped tops to slinky slip dresses. Ahead, join us on our trip down memory lane as we recount the most iconic, sometimes cringeworthy, sometimes incredible fashion moments of the 1990s and the style stars that made them happen.If you've never seen The Nanny, I don't know you. Fran Drescher's outfits on the show, which included teeny-tiny sweaters and body-hugging miniskirts, were iconic looks. Drescher's real life style was a little more toned-down glamorous, like this white halter-neck dress though she did find ways to jazz things up (see: her floral head piece).Before her A Walk to Remember Days, Mandy Moore was an established singer (remember "Candy?") and definitely a '90s gal. Her style was defined by simple tank tops and bottoms with a thin chain belt running across. This photo is peak '90s. If we were to name a more iconic duo than Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen that would be Tia and Tamara Mowrey. The twins were the stars of Sister, Sister and their closets (both on the show and off) were amazingly good. Think everything from covetable denim overalls and bucket hats to these mini shift dresses with the scarves (!!). Someone bring back these exact looks on the runway, please.Let this photo of Lisa Bonet in the '90s be proof that her daughter Zoë Kravitz is the spitting image of her. In addition to being a sought-after actress during that time, Bonet was known for her free-spirited, bohemian style. Her outfits, like the one on the left, were an expression of her artistic perspective. The two took couple matching to the next level when they were spotted in Los Angeles wearing white button-down shirts and jeans.  With her unique flower-child-meets-wild-child look, Barrymore was one of the decade's most badass style stars. She borrowed elements of grunge—dark makeup, choppy hair, tattoos—and mixed them with bohemian staples like daisy chains for a style that was all her own. Here she is rocking a fanny pack covered in the word "fuck," because why not.Madonna is a fashion icon for the ages, but one of her most memorable (and most copied) signature looks was the cone bra that Jean Paul Gaultier designed for her Blond Ambition Tour in 1990.Before Clueless took the '90s fashion world by storm, introducing Cher Horowitz–plaid and an obsession with Alaïa, Alicia Silverstone's personal style could best be described as laid-back. The actress wore a pair of t-strap Mary Janes with a long skirt and slouchy sweater (because comfort is key, folks).Since her breakout role in the controversial cult film Kids, Chloë Sevigny has been a "cool girl" beyond typical grunge queens and bubblegum pop girls. Known for her obsession with vintage and her playful take on fashion (she's considered one of the first true street style stars), she became the ingenue every designer wanted as their date at awards shows.Ryder was the ultimate '90s It girl. In the early part of the decade, she scored a number of roles in cult-classic films, including Edward Scissorhands and Reality Bites, and her tomboyish style quickly caught the public's attention. Raven-colored hair and all-black red-carpet ensembles became her signatures. Yes, Ryder was a style star on her own. But there's a reason the fashion world is still obsessed with Winona and Johnny's relationship today—the duo were the definition of gothic chic. The couple arrived hand-in-hand at the 48th Annual Golden Globe Awards in 1991 looking like they came straight from the set of a Tim Burton film.The king and queen of Seattle grunge, Kurt and Courtney were more or less the most influential couple of 1990s fashion. The Nirvana singer arguably started the entire grunge trend, with his mismatched, oversized outfits and shaggy mop of hair. Similarly, the Hole frontwoman was known for her torn, sheer slips, dark makeup, and babydoll dresses.Liv Tyler was the ultimate '90s babe—who could forget her role, alongside Alicia Silverstone, in the '93 video for Aerosmith's "Crazy?" In 1992, Tyler's wardrobe was filled-t0-the-brim with edgy dresses (like this one) and long skirts.Princess Di wore this daring LBD the same night Prince Charles' tell-all interview about their life came out. It was dubbed the "revenge dress" because the princess didn't let anyone, or anything, hold her down from shining that night. The off-the-shoulder design and asymmetrical hemline made a major style statement and is one of the most iconic looks of British royalty to date. The couple arrived to the post-premiere party of Grant's film, Four Weddings and a Funeral in London. Hurley left her style mark that night in this iconic Versace pin dress. Since then many celebrities have tried this look, including Irina Shayk at the 2018 Cannes Film Festival.Another iconic look from Princess Di. (Hailey Bieber even recreated this casual outfit for British Vogue). She was ahead of her time in adopting the biker shorts and oversized pullover trend, which has just now taken over the fashion world. Dawson's Creek fans will love this throwback moment from its two cast members at the 47th Annual Emmy Awards. Van Der Beek looked dapper in a suit while Holmes rocked that square neckline gown (that style is now back in fashion) with a ball-shaped floral bag (also back in fashion). Two words: Carrie Bradshaw. We can't even begin to count how many trends Sarah Jessica Parker's character singlehandedly started in the late '90s, but many of the world's most well-known fashion brands (we're looking at you, Manolo Blahnik) owe her quite a bit of thanks. Here, three years before the premiere of Sex and the City, Parker preluded Bradshaw with this pink, feathery ensemble.It's impossible to conjure an image of the '90s without picturing the cast of Friends (and, in particular, Jennifer Aniston's now-famous Rachel haircut). In 1995, co-stars Aniston and Matthew Perry walked the 47th Annual Primetime Emmy Awards red carpet in ensembles that defined the decade: Aniston opted for a strapless, floor-length gown, complete with a pair of silky gloves, while Perry paired a classically '90s vest with an ill-fitting suit.A mid-'90s British invasion came in the form of five bubbly ladies in some seriously flashy outfits. The Spice Girls celebrated girl power and individuality: Scary, Baby, Ginger, Sporty, and Posh each contributed unique looks that young women all over the world admired. We can credit the Spice Girls with the popularity of platform shoes, pigtail buns, and—of course—body glitter.At the 50th Annual Primetime Emmy Awards in 1998, style icon Halle Berry walked the red carpet in a so-pretty, bejeweled gown and tiny sunglasses. It goes without saying that this outfit has definitely been recreated in recent years.Post-Winona, Depp took up with Kate Moss—a duo that became arguably as iconic as the gothic exes. In 1995, they arrived at a Los Angeles premiere looking the part of a high-fashion pair.Moss and Depp also shined style-wise off the red carpet—the couple dressed down in sleek coats and leather boots for the perfect combination of disheveled and chic.SJP arrived at the 49th Annual Tony Awards in 1995 in the '90s outfit of our dreams: a part-silky, part-sheer dress topped off with a pair of strappy, silver sandals.As one of the most beloved couples of the '90s, Brad and Gwyneth's relationship was well-documented until the pair parted ways in 1997. The duo was often photographed on the red carpet in coordinating outfits—and for a short period, matching haircuts—and their looks spanned the spectrum of '90s trends, from stark minimalism to grunge to preppy chic.My So Called Life meets Heathers! Winona Ryder and Claire Danes debuted matching pixie cuts and badass dresses at the Los Angeles Fire and Ice Ball in 1996.If one thing is clear about red carpet events of the '90s, it's that SJP had a knack for arriving in outfits that only she could pull off. Here, Parker wears an early version of "the naked dress" to the VH1 Vogue Fashion Awards.Even though they were just a pair of tykes at the time, the Olsen twins were the epitome of '90s fashion. Exhibit A: The twins (epically) walked a red-carpet movie premiere in matching, tiny sunglasses and monochromatic outfits.The lace! The shawl! The hair! Nicole Kidman looked to be the belle of the ball in an epic '90s look at the American Film Institute Awards in Melbourne. It's no secret that the ladies of Destiny's Child had their outfits down. Here, the group posed in matching fabric at the The London Aquarium. If a photo like this doesn't make you want to start a girl group right this very second, you aren't looking close enough.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			See you next season, all!At New York Fashion Week, the schedule is never light. After a day of shows, there are usually a few parties to hit up too. This season it seems like everyone is in the mood to dance the night away. Can't keep track of all the runway shows and parties? Don't worry we've got you covered. Check out which stars dropped in to sip champagne and to mingle with other celebrities, ahead.To close out NYFW, a few more parties went down on Wednesday night including a boohoo bash that featured musical performances by the likes of Ashlee Simpson Ross. VS model Kelsey Merritt was spotted at the party, which was held at the Rosé Mansion, and enjoyed activities like cocktail stations and an Instagrammable ball pit.VS Angel Elsa Hosk showed up ready to party in a see-through polka dot top tucked into leather shorts. She wore the It sandal of the season: a pair of white Bottega Veneta heels.After Rihanna's Savage x Fenty show, celebrities went to party at Spring Place.YouTube hosted a party on Monday night to celebrate the launch of its new style vertical headed by Derek Blasberg, the director of YouTube Fashion and Beauty. Blasberg who knows everyone brought out Hollywood's biggest names for the festivities, which included a pop-up Cha Cha Matcha café held inside an elevator.  The Hadid sisters, who are friends with Serena, mingled with one another at the party. It's not a party until all the models show up! Lawrence made a rare appearance at a NYFW event. Jenner showed up in a blazer dress for her BFF's party. This was the model's second party of the night as she also attended DKNY's 30th anniversary celebration. More models!The former Bachelorette contestant was spotted at the Christian Cowan NYFW after-party with SVEDKA Vodka on September 10.  The model posed with friends at the Camila Morrone x NAKEDCASHMERE collection launch with Mod Sélection Champagne on September 10 in NYC. Morrone wore an Alaia white shirtdress and a Chanel orange embellished feather handbag from luxury vintage retailer What Goes Around Comes Around.Luxury retailer Kirna Zabête celebrated its official 20th anniversary on September 9 at Kirna Zabête SoHo. Guests were able to shop the latest fall/winter collections while drinking Aperol Spritz and listening to a playlist by Harley Viera Newton. On September 9, Jonathan Simkhai celebrated his NYFW show with a party at Good Behavior with RUFFINO Prosecco. Attendees included Brittany Snow and Timothy Granaderos.The model attended DKNY's 30th birthday party in Brooklyn September 9th. The celebration featured special live performances by DKNY’s fall campaign talent, Halsey and The Martinez Brothers.The model walked the DKNY red carpet in a white crop top and black pants.Delevingne's beau Ashley Benson also made an appearance at the party.VS pals Sampaio and Ambrosio mingled at the DKNY party.The model, in an Alexander Wang minidress, attended the launch of the "Serpenti Through the Eyes of Wang" capsule collection in NYC. The Wang x Bulgari party treated guests to a venue that replicated a luxury department store. Fans were able to see the full collection while sipping themed cocktails in perfume bottles and getting diamond-inspired manicures.  The actress stopped by to partake in the Wang x Bulgari festivities. Snow attended the  Wang x Bulgari party in a black-and-white dress.Sofia appeared to roll into the Wang x Bulgari alone without beau Scott Disick.  The model, who walked Christian Siriano's show earlier in the day, arrived ready to party in all black at the Wang x Bulgari event.The singer wore a red sequin suit to the Wang x Bulgari event. She was definitely ready to party. The rapper has been out and about for NYFW (he attended the Jeremy Scott show Friday night). Offset made a pit stop at the Wang x Bulgari party to mingle with the other guests.Cipoletti of Margo & Me attended La Prairie's event for the launch of their new skincare product: Skin Caviar Eye Lift.Guests were able to see and test the serum, which goes on the whole eye area, including brows. Han Chong of Self-Portrait hosted an intimate party to celebrate the brand's new concept store in NYC. The space will be open to shoppers through December 2019 where you can shop and immerse yourself in the brand.In a suit set at Harpers Bazaar's "ICONS By Carine Roitfeld" event at the Plaza Hotel in New York City.In a Balmain outfit at Harpers Bazaar's ICONS party.In a 16arlington gown and Jimmy Choo heels at Harpers Bazaar's ICONS party.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The best seats in the house. Twice a year, in February and in September, the who's who of fashion gather in the New York City (as well as Milan, London, and Paris) to experience the stellar fashion collections of designers from all over the world. NYFW is finally upon us and with it, glimpses of the most fashionable faces in the industry who always sit front row. Ahead, see which celebrities had the best seats in the house.Show: Elie TahariShow: Elie Tahari Show: Elie Tahari  Show: Elie Tahari Spring 2020Show: Kate Spade New York Show: Kate Spade New York Show: Kate Spade New York Show: Kate Spade New York Show: Kate Spade New York Show: Kate Spade New YorkShow: Self-PortraitShow: Self-PortraitShow: Self-PortraitShow: Jeremy ScottShow: Jeremy ScottShow: Jeremy ScottShow: Jeremy ScottShow: Jeremy ScottShow: Jeremy ScottShow: Jeremy ScottShow: Jeremy ScottShow: Longchamp SS20 Show: Longchamp SS20 Show: Longchamp SS20Show: Longchamp SS20Show: Adeam Spring/Summer 2020Show: Adeam Spring/Summer 2020Show: Helmut LangShow: Jason Wu CollectionShow: Jason Wu Collection 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The collection was a nod to the '40s. For his spring 2020 collection, Michael Kors drew inspiration from the 1940s. His show notes cited runway looks with "patriotic stars and stripes in prints and metallic accents," which undoubtedly will make their way into retailers and into your hands. The music also tied the patriotic theme together; Kors had the Young People's Chorus of New York City perform sings like "This Land Is Your Land," "American Pie," and "Somewhere Beyond the Sea." Standout pieces include studded skirts and a sweater with the word "hate" crossed out in red. Check out all the outfits, ahead.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here).		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			 There were plenty of standout gowns.Laura Kim and Fernando Garcia looked to Oscar de la Renta's native home, the Dominican Republic, for inspiration in the spring 2020 collection. "We really wanted to tap into the house's Latin American roots," said Garcia to Vogue. The designers filled the runway space in The Cunard Building with palms and giant fruit baskets to set the vibe. The duo sent over fifty looks down the catwalk, ranging from patchwork floral dresses to barely-there chiffon dresses and glamorous gowns you know celebrities will scoop up in a hot second for red carpets. See all the nods to the DR in the runway looks, ahead.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Leather outwear? Sign me up. Stuart Vevers took over the High Line in NYC for Coach 1941's spring 2020 runway show on Tuesday afternoon. The creative director sent over 50 looks down the catwalk, showcasing a splendid cast of leather pieces and tops/tees featuring his idols like Barbra Streisand and Rob Lowe. Front row guests who took in the runway show included Michael B. Jordan, Elsa Hosk, Megan Thee Stallion, and Barbie Ferreira. Check out every outfit ahead.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here).		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Slippers, popcorn, and Netflix not included. The official mark of adulthood is the moment we decide to swap our college t-shirt and soffe shorts for a matching pajama set. If your thoughts immediately flash to your mom and grandma, reminder: There are plenty of PJ pairs that are chic, affordable, and, yes, sexy. Fall is coming and we won't be leaving the house much anyways, so might as well stock up on these cozy picks, ahead. The wake-up-and-cook-a-big-breakfast kind of pajama set that will make you feel like you have your life in order (thanks to its soft, cotton feel and chic colored trim). Get yourself a pajama shirt that does both. No need to pick out your outfit the next day when you're already wearing this silk dream to bed. Just tuck it underneath a midi skirt and you'll be out the door in less than a half hour. The matching pants come separately though, so make sure to plan accordingly for your bank account. Pajamas so good you'll want to wear them year-round. They have that magical ability to keep you cool in the summer and warm in the winter courtesy of the soft linen material. If sleeves aren't your thing, this sexy cami short set has your name written all over it. It comes in every color you could possibly imagine, and you'll be *Beyoncé voice* feelin' yourself. Pretend it's not dark and gloomy outside with this striped two-piece pajama shorts set. The elastic waistband will help avoid any discomfort as you stretch out on the couch and live your best life.  Uniqlo shoppers can't stop raving about how lightweight and breathable these extremely affordable pajamas are—welcome news for people who experience frequent night sweats. The closest to sweatpants you'll get without actually wearing them. Yes, Netflix, I am still watching. Is it too meta if you eat fast food in your bed while wearing this set of jammies? Yeah, we don't think so either.Lunya's number one best-selling (and thermoregulating) silk set screams "luxury." The best part? It's machine-washable!No, you didn't read that wrong. CJW's Netflix & Chill silk pajama set—which includes an eye mask—was made for cuffing season. Now all you need to do is swipe right. This printed set is made from woven eco-friendly silk, which means it won't stretch. Go a size up for maximum comfort. ••• For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			At the risk of stating the obvious, I think it's safe to say that we all want to be Rihanna when we grow up. From her on-point outfits to her hit songs to her chill, carefree spirit, there's no denying the pop star-slash-entrepreneur is a complete boss. Oh, and can we talk about her Savage X Fenty NYFW show last night?Fortunately, her makeup collections, collaborations, and, of course, clothing and lingerie lines makes it easy to channel the A-Lister in your life. But if you're looking to save on la vie Rihanna, Amazon is offering some low-key discounts on her Savage X Fenty lingerie line. In true Rihanna spirit, her lingerie line is the perfect marriage of form and function. Not only does her collection of slips, bras, and underwear look sexy, but they're designed to give you the support you need. Thanks to the inclusive size range, Savage X Fenty gives everyone the opportunity to look and feel their sexiest.  $38$30$49$44$18.85$18.50$49$39Current prices on Amazon vary by size and color, but if you do some digging, you can find some awesome sales on select Savage X Fenty pieces like the ones above. From versatile bras to date night-approved slips to a seamless thong, consider this sale a great way to build your delicates drawer.Plus, the entire inventory collection is available through Amazon Prime. Translation? You can order your favorite items now and have them sent to your doorstep before the weekend.And if you want to shop even more Savage X Fenty pieces just because...  Shop more Amazon Fashion sales with Slick Deals.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			If you were disappointed to hear the news that the world's most popular televised lingerie runway show had been canceled, save your tears for Rihanna's Savage X Fenty show, because it is a thing of joy—and, in just nine days, you can stream it for yourself.Last night, Rihanna put on the show of New York Fashion Week at the Barclays Center in Brooklyn, presenting Savage X Fenty's Fall/Winter 2019 collection. But it was much more than a traditional runway show, with armies of lingerie-clad models dancing their hearts out in sync (choreographed by the incredible Parris Goebel, the woman behind Justin Bieber's "Sorry" video), music performances by artists Halsey, Migos, DJ Khaled, and Big Sean, and just like her line, the production was inclusive, sexy, and so much fun.The audience—which included Kacey Musgraves, Hailee Steinfeld, Vanessa Hudgens, Chanel Iman, Candace Swanepoel, Chris Rock, Diplo, Ashley Graham, Kehlani, and Paris Hilton seated stadium-style—buzzed before the show started, talking amongst themselves in front of the huge stage set up in the center of Barclay's because we were all phoneless.  The show will stream exclusively on Amazon Prime Video beginning Friday, September 20, so phones were locked away during the performance—all the better to watch the spectacular without trying to capture every second for Instagram. Because there was a lot going on.The show opened with Rihanna at the center of the stage dressed in a black bodysuit and underwear, surrounded by models in similar styles. As the music started, the singer/actress/designer/goddess moved, danced, gyrated in unison with her models, and from the first note, she sent a clear message: This isn't a fashion show like we've seen before, and these aren't Angels.Gigi Hadid made the first runway walk in head-to-toe Savage X Fenty, strutting across the stage followed by her own set of models in all-black looks. Cara Delevingne followed as a lime green dominatrix, taking her runway walk as a lineup check of sorts, running a matching green whip across the models before making her way off stage and leaving her girls to break out in dance moves that elicited audible gasps and excited cheers from the crowd. "Long gone are the one-dimensional days of ‘acceptable’ provocation" reads the press release sent out after the show, and this seems to be Rihanna's refreshing, glorious message.Another highlight of the performance was Halsey debuting her new single “Graveyard" (which drops Friday, September 13), slithering across the set in a short silk robe, blending right in with the models, and dancing with one of them at the end.Laverne Cox, Bella Hadid, Joan Smalls, Alek Wek, and Slick Woods all walked Rihanna's stage to cheers from the audience, but the real stars of the show were the dancers. Women that looked like real women—women of different sizes, shapes, colors, and abilities—who performed a real feat keeping up with the choreographing: There wasn't a thigh-high covered foot or thong-bared butt out of sync during the 40-minute performance.And the underwear itself? Seeing the vibrant red, green, and yellow lingerie sets, mesh catsuits, and delicate teddies on these electric, dynamic women made me feel like, despite my dancing deficiencies, I might be a Savage X Fenty  girl.Rihanna's Savage X Fenty show will air on Amazon Prime starting September 20 (and the clothing will be available to purchase on Amazon the same day)—and despite the fact that I was actually there for the show in person, I'm still excited to stream it.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.subscribe here		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Over the past few decades, Adidas has become one of the most beloved activewear brands around. We go to Adidas for everything, and we mean everything—from pristine shoes that elevate our street style game (hello, Stan Smiths!) to comfortable sweatpants for our post-workout outfit. In honor of its 70th year in business, Adidas is currently offering up to 70 percent off select clothes and accessories. Whether you're in the market for some new kicks, a fresh sweatsuit, or something to wear as you master the art of Taekwondo (really!), there's something in the sale for everybody. The catch? Today is the last day you can reap the rewards, so we recommend adding a style or two (okay, maybe a few) to your cart, stat. To help, we're sharing some of our favorite finds, below.$100$30Want to add some pep to your step? Adidas' Deerupt sneakers deftly marry form and function. $55$28This breezy, mesh tank top wiLL be the hero of your next hot yoga class. $110$77There's no such thing as too many white sneakers.  $35$18Who didn't have these pool slides in elementary or middle school? Relive your childhood by picking up a pair for less than $20. $45$32Trust us, you'll be living in these training pants once fall's in full swing. $100$50 Speaking of, upgrade your fall wardrobe with these fun, colorful sneakers. Sure, you may not wear them to your next training session, but you'll get plenty of compliments when you style them with jeans or a flowy floral dress.$60$42Consider this hoodie the perfect layering piece for chilly outdoor runs and quick commutes to the gym. $85$60Between its lightweight design and comfortable OrthoLite® sockliners, you're bond to get a lot of mileage out of these sneakers. (Sorry, we had to.)$85$43Go ahead, treat the special guy in your life to a new pair of running shoes. Adidas' U_Path sneakers are nearly half off! $100$30Truthfully, this sale has something for everyone. Yes, including those who want to improve their Taekwondo skills. •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			See the entire collection here.This season, Tom Ford's show is about simplicity. (Not to be confused with simple—there were plenty of eye-catching, sparkly outfits in the show.) The designer, and current chairman of the CFDA, showed a luxurious collection of cutout one-shoulder gowns and athleisure-inspired pieces. Ford revealed in a statement that the spring collection was inspired by a host of images, from Edie Sedgwick coming out of a manhole cover to Jeff Koons' balloon dogs. Ford even hosted his runway show in an unused train station in NYC to bring the theme home. The spring 2020 line was modeled by the likes of Gigi Hadid and Kaia Gerber, and guests like Joan Smalls and Miley Cyrus took in everything from the front row. See if you can spot all the photographic references in the outfits ahead.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here). 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			They'll bat away your winter blues. The thought of wearing anything other than jeans or fleece-lined leggings during the months of December, January, February, and March is painful, I know. But before you limit themselves to just two garments, I'm making the case for wearing dresses this winter: thick knits and long sleeves and turtlenecks that will keep you warm—and looking presentable. Luckily, there's no shortage of cute dresses for the cold season. I even found the coziest hoodie dress. Is it snowing yet?I mentally added this dress to my wish list as soon as I saw it on the runway last season, and now it's finally here. (By the way, here are all the fall trends to know.) A few standout details to note about the dress: It has a plunging scoop neckline, the floral pattern looks like leopard spots from afar (genius), and the length is great for wearing with knee-high leather boots or ankle booties. Rouje is the French brand that gives everyone those Parisian-girl vibes. All the pieces in the label are effortless and easy to wear, starting with one of its classic dresses. This long-sleeve number comes in a few different prints and can be worn over tights or under a cozy sweater. Top off with a beret for true French-girl energy.The secret to pulling off a minidress like this when it's one degree out is wearing fleece-lined tights or leggings. To bundle up even more, wear a turtleneck top underneath and cover up with a long fuzzy cardigan. Just make sure to show off the asymmetric knot detail on the left side.It's much harder to find wedding guest dresses for fall/winter (it's too cold to show skin!) than spring/summer, but this one hits the mark for the colder seasons. The gold leaf print and plunging neckline give the dress fancy vibes, so you can wear it to any winter wedding or holiday office party.The I'm-not-leaving-the-couch-today hoodie dress everyone needs. Wear with knee-high wool socks like these so you feel toasty from head to toe. If you absolutely must step foot outside (groceries are running low), throw on a long puffer coat to cover up.Here are the colors of a PSL in dress form. The muted brown and nude tones provide the perfect autumn backdrop for florals and stripes. Since the dress is a turtleneck style and has long sleeves/hemline, it'll shield most of your skin from the cold.The fashion world is in love with Bottega Veneta right now, so be one of the firsts to wear this two-toned satin dress. The piece has a classic wrap style with sculptural elements on the sleeves and neckline. It'll look great paired with knee-high leather riding boots and a beige trench coat.A leather dress is the one piece in your closet that helps you look pulled together even if you only have five minutes to get ready. This buttery soft cognac-colored option from Zara is perfect for layering with tights, boots, or sweaters. Leave a few buttons undone at the bottom to wear with jeans if you're feeling extra stylish.This is a black gown that doesn't play it safe at your most formal events. The peek of lace and thigh-high slit provide more than enough drama for the night. Keep it classy with barely-there heels, though if you want to up the flair, a bold red shoe would look stunning.This dress might look shapeless, but don't doubt the power of the built-in belt. Once cinched, the dress highlights your figure. The soft autumn tones are inspired by the watercolors of Irene Monat Stern. Another plus: BITE Studios just joined Net-a-Porter's Vanguard program, so it's an up-and-coming brand to have in your closet. You know, before everyone else discovers it.  Introducing the winter counterpart to your favorite ribbed bodysuit: this ribbed midi dress. The piece comes in two easy-to-wear colors, perfect for even the most conservative of offices. Pair with a blazer, tights, and slouchy black boots for a stylish work ensemble.Embrace the Fendi logo mania in this jacquard-knitted dress. The entire piece is covered in the label's signature Zucca monogram, first introduced by Karl Lagerfeld (RIP) in 1965. Wear with thick black tights and boots for extra warmth.Any dress with long sleeves is winter approved. Since you don't want to bare your legs to the frigid air in the middle of January, layer tights underneath or rock a pair of thigh-high boots. Either options will protect your skin against the harsh winter elements. Keep the summer spirit alive in your winter wardrobe by slipping into this floral dress. The darker reds fit perfectly with the moodiness of the season, but the print is still fun. Let this dress transport you to a different place (the flower fields of a distant country perhaps?).•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The shorts with the side slit is a game changer. To obtain Kim Kardashian's figure you would need to follow all her workouts, diets, and abstain from alcohol amongst other things (that's a no from me—I need my wine). If any of these are deal breakers for you, too, there might be a tiny way to cheat the system: SKIMS. Kim's highly-anticipated, and not without drama, shapewear line finally launched today. The collection features 36 pieces in sizes XXS/XS to 4XL/5XL and nine different shades, with prices ranging from $18 to $98.  So, what's special about SKIMS? And is there a difference between this and other shapewear on the market? We wanted to find out. That's why the MarieClaire.com team volunteered as tribute and gave a few skews a test run. We were all intrigued by the undergarments and curious whether or not they would actually lift, flatten, or flatter our bodies. Read our didn't-hold-back, honest answers, below.[Editor's note: Per SKIMS, "sculpting" is for smoothing and uses one layer of compression fabric, designed to enhance and tone curves, while "core control" targets the stomach, using two layers of compression fabric at the midsection for an extra hold.]"I tried out the "sand" shade in a small/medium, and it was small. I'm very petite—I usually wear S or XS shirts—but this was so tiny, it was hard to even pull over my shoulders. The material was soft, and the straps and support were fine, but the sculpting band was so tight that it left marks on my chest. However. When I wore a tank top over it, the effect was great—I looked like I'd gone up two bra sizes, but also like I wasn't wearing a bra at all!—and I strutted around feeling stellar for about three minutes, which is when I remembered how uncomfortable I was and took it off. I also tried wearing it with T-shirts and Oxford shirts, but there wasn't much point—the bra's material is so sheer, you might as well not be wearing a bra at all.If you were really committed to looking busty that day, this might be a good piece to use—but, for me, the band was just too tight and I felt too uncomfortable. There isn't a situation in which I'd be willing to put up with that level of discomfort for the sake of my breasts looking perky as hell." —Jenny Hollander, Deputy Editor"Honestly, I don't think SKIMS is worth the hype. I ordered a small/medium and large/extra large in the color mica, not sure which one would fit, because I'm a medium in bottoms. As soon as I saw the sculpting shorts, I was shocked at how insanely small they are, so I went straight for the large/extra large. Highly doubtful they would even fit, I somehow managed to get them all the way up past my belly button and was…not impressed. They did not shape my body, but rather highlighted every insecurity I have with my stomach and thighs. Perhaps I would have felt differently if I picked a different color than mica, but I own biker shorts I got for half the price that sculpt my body better. I will say my butt did look good, but I wouldn't wear these on their own, let alone underneath another pair of shorts." —Rachel Epstein, Assistant Digital Editor "I don't plan on parting from high-slit dresses, ever. High slits accentuate my thighs in all the right places, and make me feel like a lady with great legs. The fit and material of high slit dresses, however, makes things get tricky. I've avoided snug slit dresses and usually stick to silk or satin because the texture is more forgiving. I immediately gravitated towards the solution short because of its innovative structure and shape. I slipped on the cocoa shade, which didn't exactly match my deep skin tone. It did hug my tummy in the right places. I don't normally wear shapewear because comfortability is number one for me when it comes to style, and I hate the stiff feeling of the traditional options on the market; I can barely breath in them and feel like I’m going to explode after one meal. SKIMS, on the other hand, felt incredibly breathable and stretchy (I'm a size large) but still gave me a super-snatched waist. I love how high it rests on my torso too, so no part of my stomach was left behind and my shape looked like a literal Coke bottle. It's basically Facetune IRL. Will I wear these all of the time? Probably not. But I will wear them with tighter-fitting slit dresses." —Maya Allen, Beauty EditorA second take on these shorts..."I got my first faja (a.k.a. a waist trainer) sometime around my Quinceañera. I don't remember what occasion it was for, exactly, but I do remember going shopping for it with my grandma in Mexico before I came back to the U.S. from summer break. It was white lace and had whale bone and everything! Latinxs take their shapewear seriously. So I was obviously excited to try Kim's new line. Would it live up to the hype? And, could it really work for a girl my size? (I'm about a size 8 and consider myself curvy.) I tried the solution short in clay with the slit on the left. I got both small/medium and large/extra large sizes to test. I started with the small/medium, which was tighter than I would have liked for an entire day, but could totally work for a quick event. However, around my thigh (on the side with the slit) you could see a major line where the garment ended. My midsection could wear the small/medium, but my thighs were a whole other deal. The large/extra large gave me an overall smoothing effect and I was able to wear it with no issues. I even wore a skirt with a crop top and it didn't bunch up my belly roll at the top. I will say, you could still notice the shift from garment to leg, but there may not be much to do about that." —Krystyna Chavez, Social Media Editor"I tried on the core control brief in clay, size large/extra large because the small/medium cut mid butt and left a weird line. (My waist was f*cking insane in the small/medium, though.) All I have to say is wow. The compression that starts above your belly after the underwear is crazy. It is tight and secure, but not overwhelmingly tight and suffocating. Your waist will look significantly smaller, think "the waist training look" without the painful waist training contraption. Overall, not bad Kimmy. I approve." —K.C. "I've never worn a sculpting bodysuit before, and this one was a great place to start. I got a size large/extra large in mica. The fabric around the core is thicker and tighter, which gave me more of an hourglass figure than I naturally have. Meanwhile, the fabric right on top of where your butt cheeks go is a little looser, so you don't lose any volume in the back. I have a small, flat butt, and the sculpting bodysuit helped perk it up a ton. I couldn't stop looking at it in the mirror! The one problem I had with the bodysuit, though, is that every time I needed to use the bathroom, the undressing process took forever. There's no slit or buttons in the crotch, so you have to take off the entire piece every time you want to pee. I wore it with a short sleeved dress, so instead of taking off the dress entirely, I slipped the straps of the bodysuit off my arms and pulled it down underneath my dress. While a good hack, it still took me about five minutes longer than usual to take the suit off and get it back on. The next iteration of this should definitely include clasps." —Morgan McMullen, Visual Designer"I have never worn any kind of shapewear, mostly because I'm kind of a "curveless creature." Because there isn't much to "shape" up top, I opted to try the sculpting mid-thigh short in sand. It looked like it was designed for a toddler, with two little "pockets" to accommodate my derriere without squashing it.  This was initially the most exciting proposition these biker shorts posed to me, to pile all the plenty of my ass into the ideal spots.  The fabric seemed breathable and not the least bit itchy or irritating. The shorts went on easily enough and the rubberized waistband was comfortable and really kept the garment in place.  The two little butt pockets, however, were a bit high for my extremely long torso and left a dimple that wasn't attractive. They ended up squashing rather than rounding my rear end.What I did appreciate was the compression of the little saddlebags on my thighs.  It gave the false sense of having exercised for the past few months.  I tried these for a day under a pair of viscose pants that have always been a bit tight.  I liked the cinched sensation around my waist and felt I had more of a waist/hip contour and enjoyed that it did smooth my lower half.   I also felt that if one was prone to camel toe, these shorts would put an end to that.   I felt like a sausage all day and it felt like a splurge to eat a slice of pizza, though I never feel guilt about enjoying food. At the end of the day, I was so happy to undress and was surprised to note that discomfort I felt all day was actually the viscose pants and not the shapewear.  I will be wearing these thigh-sculpting shorts again, this time under a less constricting garment." —Bridget Burns, Photo EditorA second take on these shorts..."When I first received the mid-thigh sculpting shorts in umber, I was skeptical to say the least. My exact words upon seeing them were 'Kimberly, girl…are you for real?' The shorts looked impossibly tiny for a small/medium, and even as a person who is decidedly a smedium (I can go either way depending on the day, really), I was intimidated by how little the product was. Nonetheless, I pushed forward and was pleasantly surprised to find that the shorts fit me perfectly. Not only did they fit, but the shapewear actually gave me shape! The sculpting shorts cinched in my mid-section to give me the "what waist?" snatch that Kim is known for. I wore the shapewear with a few different outfits (including a sexy slip dress to a friend's wedding, a body-hugging co-ord set, and a fun jumpsuit for brunch), and with each look, I was serving hourglass realness.The sculpting shorts are comfortable and functional, so I definitely think that Kim made some real points there. My only deduction would be for the ashy "nude" colors, which I don't think are flattering on darker skin tones. Still, I'd for sure recommend these." —Ineye Komonibo, Editorial Fellow"I like to wear shapewear when I'm feeling bloated or to hide my underwear lines when I'm wearing a sheer dress. I don't have a curvy figure, so I never expect these undergarments to really "shape" me; I just treat them like an extra pair of pants. When I read that Kim was launching SKIMS, I was interested in trying all the different styles. Initially, I was most excited to try on the solution short with a side slit, but on a second thought I decided to try the briefs. They looked like comfortable granny panties. I guessed my color, mica, and ordered a small/medium. When I received them I was like, holy shit, these are tiny. The undergarment looked like it had shrunk in the wash, but I could tell they were also super stretchy. I washed and wore them the next day underneath a summer dress with a thigh-high slit. The briefs stayed hidden and did not pinch my sides or ride up my butt. They stayed in place all day. Though the bottoms weren't uncomfortable, I was aware that I had them on all day (unlike say my delicate, finer lace underwear). I don't think these shorts noticeably made my waist or butt smoother or tighter (again, lack of curves), but I did like how they hid my underwear line and also seemed to flatten out my stomach, just a little, after I had a burger for lunch. My overall verdict? Neutral." —Marina Liao, Fashion Editor"I thought the idea of a compression thong would be great. I hate getting panty lines, and when I've tried legless shape wear in the past, it has always given me the appearance of four butt cheeks instead of two. I figured trying the core control thong in mica in a large/extra large would help me bypass this problem. Unfortunately, I neglected to think about what putting a teeny-tiny piece of fabric between my cheeks might actually be like. It rode so far up I got concerned that it might blister if I wore it for the whole day. When I pulled the strip down, the waistband wouldn't sit high up enough to give me the sculpting effect I was looking for. If I were to give the core control thong another shot, I'd try sizing up to see if both the thong and waistband would fit right." —M.M.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Floral dresses, tops, and skirts were in abundance.Anna Sui's forecast for next spring is looking bright and cheerful. The designer presented her spring 2020 collection last night and the runway was filled with all types of dreamy floral prints. They came in the form of Victorian-esque dresses, delicate lace slips, and colorblock floralblock skirts. (Look 17, I'm coming for you next season.) Sui styled out the looks with different colored socks that peeked out from inside sneakers, boots, and sandals. Start making a list of everything you want from Sui's spring collection, ahead.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here). 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			 You can shop the collection now.Tommy Hilfiger is well versed in throwing a NYFW show that also feels like a giant party. For his second and final Tommy x Zendaya TommyNow event, the designer hosted it at the Apollo Theater in Harlem on Sunday night. Guests, including Hunter Schafer, Barbie Ferreira, and Sydney Sweeney of Euphoria, trekked uptown to see models walk/dance against a set of vintage cars, living rooms, and Harlem stoops. The pieces featured include newsboy caps and covetable suit sets in snakeskin prints. (FYI: The entire see now, buy now fall 2019 collection is available to shop!) Aside from the clothes, the star-studded runway included appearances by Ashley Graham, Hailma Aden, Winnie Harlow, and more. At the end of the show, Hilfiger and Zendaya stepped out to take their bow together. Check out the duo's entire collab, ahead.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			All the outfit inspo you need.Fall hasn't yet arrived and we're already looking ahead to spring 2020. Designers are predicting next season's hottest trends, from olive tones to the bandage top and blazer look, and making statements on the runway. With over a dozen shows on the New York Fashion Week schedule and thousands of outfits, you might not have had time to see them all. We've provided the abridged version ahead by rounding up a few of our favorite looks from each show. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She calls herself a "matchimalist."In a bi-weekly series, we're interviewing female executives, founders, CEOs—basically, boss ladies—on their "power suit" a.k.a. the outfit they wear every day for easy dressing to conquer whatever the job throws at them.Stephanie Nass was a precocious child who knew exactly what she wanted to be when she grew up (lucky). A chef. "I have been cooking since I came out of the womb. I was 16 years old when I moved to France to dedicate myself to food and entertaining," Nass says. "When I went to Columbia [University in New York City], I stacked all my classes into two days a week and worked in restaurants the other days. I started my own business when I was 23 years old, about four-and-a-half years ago." You may know it: "Chefanie," taken from her childhood nickname. What separates Chefanie from other culinary brands is Nass' eye for fusing food and decor together. A brand will come to Nass to discuss a themed party they want to throw and she will create treats and/or a tablescape to bring that theme to life. She's worked with the likes of Dior, Brooks Brothers,  Marimekko, and Aerin Lauder to develop one-of-a-kind foods and decor. The entrepreneur is also known for matching her own outfits to her treats and tablescapes. "My food is very art-inspired, very colorful," she says. "My ethos was always more than just making desserts. I was driven by a passion for both cooking and entertaining."  The two loves led her to hosting dinner parties, which eventually turned into her second business, the Victory Club—a place where like-minded people can come together for a night that celebrates food and art. "Members subscribe for $100 a month and they receive invitations to two events a month, whether that be seated dinners or light bites at an art collector's home or studio," she explains.  Outside of hosting and running events, Nass also designs accessories showcasing her love for food (someone get me these pasta earrings) and sells everything you need to throw your own fabulous bash, from tablecloths to napkins. Chefanie, as Nass had predicted, is more than just a food business, it's become a lifestyle brand helmed by one very well-dressed cook entertainer. Check out her style, in her own words, ahead."I work out every day, whether that's going to a barre class or jogging in the park. I love to exercise. My office is on 61st street [in New York City], so I'll be there prepping for an event. The studio is where I dress the tables, ideate, and recipe test. Most of the catering for parties, however, happen on-site. I oversee a team of 30 people when it's busy, or when it's slower, like in January, a handful of people. It varies. I see clients every day, however, and I cook every day.""I get dressed based off the type of day I am having. Today, for example, I have back to back meetings, so I am wearing a ruffle top and high-waisted pants. When I am in the kitchen cooking, I wear an apron and flat shoes. I love to match components of my look to whatever event I am hosting, too, so if I am baking cookies, I'll wear cookie earrings. When I'm entertaining and come out of the kitchen, having just cooked for hours, I always throw on our clip-on earrings to spice up my look."   "I normally wear an apron, one of ours, which also match the treats. I like to wear comfortable shoes like flats—I have this waterproof loafer that I've been wearing for more than 10 years; they protect my feet if, say, I drop boiling water on myself—jeans, and a pretty blouse. I'll change into heels for meetings, though. Jeans are the most comfortable for me and I love all styles from a high-waisted cigarette skinny to flares. I like to wear beautiful tops [with details like] puff sleeves that poke out of my apron to show off my style while I cook. I always accessorize with a few bracelets and earrings. It's a beautiful way to light up your face and outfits. Depending on the tablescape for my clients, I will match my outfits to the decor."   "Bold, whimsical, matchimalist.""Your best accessory is a smile. Your second best accessory is a matching cookie. Style is autobiographical."For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Your outfit inspirations for September. This week’s traffic jams and flocks of well-dressed people everywhere are signals that New York Fashion Week is in full swing. Designers are showing their Spring 2020 collections and guests wore their best outfits for the occasion. Trend pieces spotted on almost everyone include Bottega Veneta and buttery-soft leather pieces perfect for this transitional weather. Photographer Tyler Joe is on the ground, capturing the best street style moments for MarieClaire.com. Check them out ahead.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"The inspiration is a mix between the '70s and the '90s," Longchamp Creative Director Sophie Delafontaine tells MarieClaire.com ahead of her spring 2020 show. "So the '70s for the hippie chic feminine attitude and the '90s with the more sporty, graphic inspiration. ...I think the match of both is really contemporary."  The effect was silk dresses paired with sleek boxing shoes and nylon jumpsuits in feminine cuts. Drawing inspiration from the colorful artwork of Judy Chicago, Delafontaine played with "colors bleached by the sun" to create the spring collection's enviable palette. So, who is the girl wearing this collection? "She's definitely a city girl, a very active girl, but she's traveling all around the world, she's very  international. That's really why I am happy to be a French brand showing here in New York,"  says Delafontaine. And with fans like Kendall Jenner, Kate Moss, and Juliane Moore front row at the show, which took place around a fountain in the heart of Lincoln Center, that sentiment definitely rings true.See the full ready-to-wear collection ahead.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The power of livestream.New York Fashion Week is here once again and runway shows are underway. One of the most anticipated events for Sunday is Tory Burch, whose spring set designs always incorporate greenery and other gorgeous nature elements. This year, Burch's show is taking place at the Brooklyn Museum. (Last year, for spring 2019, her show was held at the Cooper Hewitt Smithsonian Design Museum in New York City). Though no other details have been released for the spring 2020 line, you can expect it'll be filled with wanderlust dresses and must-have bags and shoes.Make that cup of joe, sit lie in bed (it's Sunday after all), and tune into the show via the livestream below. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Ahead of Coach's runway show on Sept. 10, the brand hosted an interactive pop-up shop in its Madison Avenue store in NYC. The event celebrated the launch of the Coach originals: a collection of handbags featuring vintage and archival Coach silhouettes. You'll be able to shop (or rent) these pieces at the pop-up like the Triple Dinky, which is made of three Coach Dinky shoulder bags sewn together. To check out what went down last night, we tapped Chriselle Lim to give us the scoop. Here, the entrepreneur and fashionista takes you behind the scenes of the party.Getting ready for the Coach Originals pop-up tonight at the 1Hotel. I mean, look at this view!Here is my full look. My dress is from Coach! Living for this grungy look. I haven't done a smokey eye in ages.Arriving at the Coach Originals pop-up! How cute is the store front?This dress has so much movement. I love ruffles!Hi from the Coach phone booth!Always love the craftsmanship of Coach! They are the original House of Leather. Tip: They have Coach Care on site to restore and clean your favorite coach bag.Experience the pop-up yourself from Sept. 7 to Sept. 15! It's worth it.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The outfits I'd want to wear while plant shopping. Nicola Glass of Kate Spade New York hosted her spring 2020 show in an intimate garden in New York City. Pink tables and chairs faced the runway, which showcased a variety of covetable trench coats, an olive leather dress (my favorite), and wearable suit sets that went beyond just a blazer and trouser. In addition to the usual crew of models, Glass incorporated women of all backgrounds into her show from Lyn Slater of Icon Accidental to actress Debi Mazar. The show, and the ensembles, can't be missed. Check out the entire spring collection ahead.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here).		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She was there to watch BFF Serena Williams play.Meghan Markle never misses an opportunity to support her friend Serena Williams. The Duchess has worn a blazer from her BFF's fashion line and always shows up for her tennis matches. As a true Serena stan, Meghan even made a last-minute trip to New York City this weekend just so she can watch Serena play in the US Open final. (She flew solo and on a commercial flight—the family has received some flack for taking private planes in the past.)For the match, the Duchess of Sussex chose a casual and comfy denim shirt dress, which she paired with a long sweater. Meghan's tennis-watching outfits are always on point as she goes for simple and sophisticated styles like tailored trousers or a button-up shirt. Even though eyes were on the royal, today was all about Serena who is playing against Bianca Andreescu.  If you love Meghan's outfit and want to buy it for yourself, you're in luck. According  to Twitter account @MeghansMirror, Meg is wearing a J. Crew denim shirtdress with a tie belt. It retails for $118, but it's on sale for up to 40 percent off  right now. The sunglasses are Navigators by Victoria Beckham and they retail for about $240. However, they're currently sold out. Finally, Meghan layered up with a Juliette Collarless Sweater Blazer from J. Crew, which retails for $148, but is currently on sale for $99. Meghan's last trip to America was back in February for her baby shower. (Come back to NYC more, Meghan!) This solo trip likely gave her some much needed reprieve before she has to fly back home and prep for her royal tour of Africa. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			My Amazon shopping cart is a chaotic jumble of household essentials, novels from my endless reading list, and gimmicky products I’ve convinced myself I can’t live without (currently, a posture corrector). The always-reliable retail giant is also my mecca for anything required in a pinch, which recently turned out to be a polka-dot dress so perfect, I want you to get one too.  Did I really need something new to add to a closet that’s already overstuffed? Absolutely not. But the same could be said for the two pairs of shoes currently en route to my apartment… Anyway, the reason I even bought this dotted frock is because I was in a pre-BBQ bind this summer and needed something that could take a ketchup spill without landing me at the dry cleaners the next day. This baby far exceeded my expectations. Here's how: You can fold, roll, even stuff this number into your suitcase all hodge-podge-like and I guarantee its ruffled hems will not lose their oomph. The wrinkle-resistant material has earned this getup a permanent place at the top of my packing list. Plus, it's super lightweight and won’t take up precious real estate in my carry-on. Very important. This polka dot dress has over 200 reviews and comes in six colors. Tap the link in our bio to see them all. 📷@jessicapavlik_A post shared by  Amazon Fashion (@amazonfashion) on Apr 26, 2019 at 2:38pm PDTIf you haven’t already clicked *buy now* let me remind you that polka dots are always a good idea, especially when they cost a fraction of your monthly cell phone bill. It has that effortless, “Oh this? I just threw it on!” appeal that put French brands like Rouje and Sézane all over our fashion radars and social feeds, but without the price tag. So if you end up loving this frilly slip-on as much as I do, go ahead and treat yourself to a second one in any of its available statement-making shades (I’ve got my eyes on royal blue). Don’t just take my word for it! More than 500 other Amazon shoppers reviewed this dress and gave it an average of four out of five stars. One woman even wore it to her wedding rehearsal dinner and had this to say: “I originally bought the teal green one but had to go back to order the blue and red one too… I can’t wait to wear the red one for Christmas activities with my family!” Good friends understand your @amazonfashion obsession, best friends #founditonamazon with you. 👯 Link in bio to get this look, and be sure to share your best bestie moments with us using #founditonamazon for your chance to be featured! Photo: @thetrendygalblog with @ohwhatasighttoseeA post shared by  Amazon Fashion (@amazonfashion) on Jul 28, 2019 at 1:14pm PDTThe delicate print of this piece is understated, so you can attempt a carefully executed pattern clash à la Olivia Palermo. Other ideas: Layer it under a chunky knit sweater to transition it into fall. Feel free to add opaque tights and combat boots as well. And if you want to feel like a total style star, the rich green hue will complement the glow of your favorite gold accessories for an outfit that truly ~shines.~ Get. It. If you’re looking for something comfy but cute, this loose-fitting silhouette is a no brainer. Its dainty details—the slightly raised collar, the flared quarter-length sleeves—make it a compliment magnet with enough coverage to wear from spring through fall. BUY NOW V Neck Ruffle Polka-Dot Loose Swing Dress, MITILLY, $25For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HEREFrom: Cosmopolitan US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The Jem-inspired show was—all together now—truly, truly, truly outrageous.Gigi Hadid's great at making headlines, so naturally she's an expert at wearing them, too. At Jeremy Scott's Spring 2020 fashion show, the supermodel arrived in overalls plastered with news stories—appropriate, since the runway itself was loaded with colorful clickbait.A mash-up of Jem, GLOW, and Scott's own '80s youth, the collection itself had neon prom dresses, "Papa Don't Preach" corsets, and heavy metal tees. Models wore bright, spiky wigs by Eugene Souleiman to conjure their inner Kimber, with long slashes of black eyeliner on the outer edges of the lids and dabs of iridescent pink, blue, or green on the inner corners. (Tone down the pigment by 50 percent and you have a very pretty way to change up your eyeshadow game.) There was also a thong dress—as in, honestly, a dress made entirely out of metallic thongs—and the Dior muse Ruth Bell in thong pants and a thong tennis jacket that was half Golden Girls and half Showgirls. Besides the underwear-as-outerwear, the collection was created using over 30,000 Swarovski crystals that jangled down the catwalk. "I was thinking of them as dripping and fringed," Scott explained, though the grand finale—a white bikini top and matching miniskirt adorned with swingy beads—was more like an atomic explosion.  The grand finale: #candiceswanepoel does the slo-mo shimmy at #jeremyscott #nyfwA post shared by  Faran Krentcil (@farankrentcil) on Sep 6, 2019 at 7:55pm PDTLed by Gigi and Irina Shayk, the front row whooped and hooted for Candice... unless they were actually screaming for her silver go-go boots, which is totally understandable. Those things were lethal.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.subscribe hereFrom: ELLE US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The brand is back on the runway after a three-year hiatus.  It's been three years since Rag & Bone presented its collections at New York Fashion Week. The brand typically hosts more intimate showroom appointments where you can touch and get personal with the season's pieces. This season, however, Rag & Bone is ramping it up and hosting a runway show in Tribeca. Though not many details have been released, what we do know is the venue itself will be in a stadium format for optimal fashion viewing. The experience will also include a live performance and "technical activations."Intrigued? Tune into the show from wherever you are right now:   For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Dressing up at work doesn't have to be boring.Halloween falls on a Thursday this year, which means you'll probably be stuck in the office. This also puts you in a tricky predicament: Finding a costume that’s cute but won't get you in trouble with your boss—or, worse, HR (sorry, sexy cat costume from last year). Before you whip out the face paint and the fairy wings, consider the fact that you’ll also have to wear your full getup on your morning commute. Nothing puts a damper on your festivities quite like getting squished up against another person on the subway and having your makeup look a mess by the time you clock in. Since dressing up with other people is generally more fun than going it alone, grab your coworkers and make Halloween a true group effort. Nothing promotes team bonding like deciding which wigs to wear or who will be which character from your favorite sitcom. Ahead, find 15 of the best group Halloween costumes that will win you and your coworkers a place in the costume contest but also won't make you look crazy while sitting at your desk and actually getting work done.This one might be obvious, but it's super easy to copy when you're in, well, the office. While you might not have a camera following you and your coworkers around everyday, you should still stock up on your"'World's Best Boss" mugs just in case. Bonus points for going as "hole punch Jim" for some added flair.Gravity Shades New Non-Prescription Premium Aviator Clear Lens Glasses,  $7SHOP ITDunder Mifflin Baseball Hat, $24 SHOP ITThe Office World's Best Boss Ceramic Mug, $19 SHOP ITMake everyone's favorite childhood costume more modern with fashionable updates. Swap out the ruby slippers for a more subtle patent leather pair by Repetto, and transform into the lion with a brown fuzzy coat that you'll be wearing all winter anyway. I.AM.GIA Pixie Coat, $118 SHOP ITRepetto Rose Mary Jane Pumps, $365 SHOP IT Heroine Sport Marvel Legging, $99 SHOP ITSister Jane Mini Smock Dress With Pussybow, $103SHOP ITMeghan Markle might currently be a member of the royal family, but let's not forget that she was once a briefcase girl on Deal or No Deal before her big break on Suits. All you need to copy the look is a briefcase each, some colored paper, and megawatt smiles. You should all put on the same dress in a single color, and you'll be good to go. 7.3 Inch Aluminum Laptop Attaché Briefcase, $57 SHOP ITIf boiler suits are already your go-to fall outfit, then this costume will be super easy to copy.  Complete the look with custom patches from that will come even if you're running behind thanks to Amazon Prime. Now the only ghosts you'll be fighting  this Halloween are the ones of exes past.  Sunset & Spring Zip Front Boilersuit, $128SHOP IT  Ghostbusters Name Tags & No Ghost Sign Logo Applique Patches,  $12SHOP ITThe outfits on Mad Men are some of the best in TV history, so there's no good reason not to get dressed up in your '60s best this Halloween. From shirt dresses to dainty silk neckerchiefs, it only takes a few items to achieve vintage outfit perfection. Diane Von Furstenberg Addilyn Silk Crêpe de Chine Dress, $398SHOP ITTory Burch Keepsake Neckerchief, $78SHOP ITBoden Thelma Tie-Neck Blouse, $98SHOP ITBlack Halo High Waisted Pencil Skirt, $230SHOP IT'90s fashion trends are back in a major way, so there's really no better time to channel everyone's favorite shopping addicting, Alaia and Calvin Klein-clad trio. After all, dressing up in all plaid never goes out of style around Halloween. Swap Cher's signature yellow suit for a more modern lavender set you'll make use of all winter long. ASOS DESIGN Mini Skirt Suit in Purple Checko, $40 SHOP ITLele Sadoughi Padded Headband, $85SHOP ITHUE Revitalizing Knee-High Socks, $7SHOP ITHere's another super easy costume to copy. It comes just in time to mourn over the last season, which was released over the summer. Bid Piper and the rest of Litchfield Penitentiary adieu with your best all-orange get up this year. Boohoo Utility Denim Boilersuit, $40SHOP ITDelight your inner Potterhead this year and get dressed up in the Gryffindor garb you've been secretly hiding in the back of your closet since middle school. The costumes might get more relaxed later in the series, but I'm still obsessed with these adorable house uniforms. Harry Potter Gryffindor Patch Knit Scarf, $20 SHOP ITHermione Granger's Wand, $23 SHOP ITASOS DESIGN Round Glasses in Gunmetal With Clear Lens, $16 SHOP ITWhile everyone else is dressed up in their best The Breakfast Club-inspired looks, consider going as something a little more underrated: the cast of Pretty in Pink. Molly Ringwald stars as Andie Walsh, the tie-dye obsessed OG fashion girl caught between her love for her best friend, Duckie, and her preppy dream boy, Dale. Cue the oversized blazers, mixed prints, and wildly teased hair. UO Plaid Double-Breasted Blazer, $99 SHOP ITASOS DESIGN Off Shoulder T-Shirt Dress in Tie Dye, $45 SHOP ITH&M Easy-Iron Slim Fit Shirt, $15 SHOP ITGet groovy this year in over-the-top bell-bottoms and graphic tees. Go for lots of stripes, corduroy and exaggerated florals. Don't forget to curl your hair in massive waves to really get into character.We The Free Denim Super Flare Jeans, $78 SHOP ITDAYDREAMER Rolling Stones Flocked Tee, $69 SHOP ITEveryone loves to hate on these adorable little guys all year, but there's no denying how popular they are around Halloween. There might only be three in Despicable Me, but the possibilities are truly endless for your office.Boyish Kenny Overalls, $168SHOP ITRag & Bone/JEAN The Tee, $98 SHOP ITI'm not sure about you, but I always wanted to go as a T-Bird instead of a Pink Lady every time Halloween rolled around. Looking back, that's probably where my love of a worn-in leather jacket was born (Kenickie FTW). You probably have all the essentials already lying around in your closet: faded dad jeans, a white tee, and — of course — a leather jacket. Synchronized singing number at your local high school: optional.  JACKETT Josey Moto Leather Jacket, $595,SHOP IT Hanes x Karla The Classic Tee, $30SHOP IT LEVI's Dad Jeans, $98SHOP ITRay-Ban Original Wayfarer Sunglasses, $153SHOP ITIf you're looking for a funnier costume option, allow the Belcher family from Bob's Burgers to serve as your inspiration. Grab some chunky square-framed glasses and a pink bunny and you'll totally nail the look. Tina Belcher's awesome dance moves not included.Bob's Burgers Louise Pink Bunny Ears Hat, $14 SHOP ITClassic Oprah Square Eyewear Non-prescription Thick Glasses Frame,  $14SHOP IT ASOS DESIGN Grown on Sleeve T-Shirt Dress, $24SHOP ITSpicing up your life has never been so easy. Whether you're a Posh Spice or a closeted Sporty Spice lover, grab your girls and go all out. While wearing Ginger's infamous flag dress might not work for the usual 9-5, there's no denying the appeal of dressing up like the world's most popular girl band.   Norma Kamali Tube Mini Dress, $98SHOP ITASOS DESGIN Tracksuit, $118 SHOP ITGinger Power 1990s Union Jack British Flag Dress Costume, $21 SHOP ITBaby Spice Vintage Spice Girls Logo Tee, $13 SHOP ITLe Superbe Beatnik Jumpsuit  in 'Leopard', $545 SHOP ITHalloween might fall on a Thursday this year, but that doesn't mean you shouldn't wear pink. But don't stop at The Plastics for your Mean Girls costume inspiration. Grab "the best people you'll ever meet" and add Janis and Ian into the mix, too. A Little Bit Dramatic Tank, $24 SHOP ITPink Pleated Mini Skirt, $16 SHOP ITAeropostale Men's Solid Uniform Logo Rugby Polo Shirt, $25 SHOP ITSuperdown Kristina Knit Sweater, $54 SHOP IT•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE NOW		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			We've all splurged on the tote that barely fits our laptop because we thought it was "professional," then proceeded to form a guilty conscience because we're "ruining the bag" by stuffing it in and not using it for what it's made for. I'm happy to report those days are officially over—brands like Everlane and Cuyana have created spacious bags made to fit all of the essentials and not look like you're carrying a weekender into the office everyday. Ahead, we've rounded up stylish work bags for every budget. Don't wait for your vacation days to whip this baby out. For something a little different, Genuine People's clear tote with bamboo handles will let your co-workers know you have great taste and you're all about that work-life balance. Working moms will appreciate Hatch's anti-diaper bag, which, you guessed it, looks absolutely nothing like a traditional diaper bag. It has enough room to put your laptop, wallet, and notebook in one section, and your baby's diaper, bottle, and book in the other. You'll never feel like you have to switch your bag when you're running from daycare dropoff to work again. The light-blue straps are enough of a reason to splurge on Marni's colorblocked leather shoulder bag. Just be prepared to constantly receive the "Where is that bag from?" question from your co-workers. Amazon's best-selling water-resistant messenger bag has reviewers consistently raving about its convenience, durability, and modern style. Did I mention it has nine pockets? Whether it's in black, navy, taupe, or red, this large Kate Spade laptop bag is every commuter's dream and the perfect work trip companion. It features a zipper closure, interior zipper pocket, exterior side pocket for your phone, and a place to stash your papers (...you know, if you still have those).Allsaints' leather crossbody is on sale for 40 percent off (!). If you're not a huge fan of the crossbody, remove the adjustable strap and carry this lavender baby into the office like it's nobody's business. If this camel handbag isn't convincing you to swap out your tote for a luxe shopper-style, nothing will.Coach's brand-new colorblocked pebble leather tote will help you ease perfectly into fall. This is definitely one of the bags you don't want to reserve for your laptop, so make sure to carry it on the days you can leave your 13-inch at the office. I can't say enough great things about Everlane's Form Bag—my go-to work bag for the past year. It fits my laptop perfectly, along with all of my loose items. I often switch between using it as a messenger bag or letting it hang on my right shoulder, and it's chic enough to wear to an event straight after work. Hassle-free commutes call for a cute knapsack like this MZ Wallace pick equipped with a padded laptop compartment and two handles to carry it into meetings. Genius. Switch it up during the warmer months with this denim everyday tote. It holds a 15-inch Macbook and has plenty of pockets to stash loose change and hair ties. Wear it on your shoulder with the adjustable strap or use the handles on the days you decide to skip the morning coffee. Walk into work feeling great everyday knowing your rustic leather tote provides 100 meals to children in need. Add a leather tassel to complete the look. For a classic business feel, this Michael Kors nylon tote comes with convenient side pockets for all your essentials—phone, ID card, latest book club read—and won't lose its shape when you set it down underneath your desk. Canvas isn't only made for the weekends. This shopper tote with leather handles is durable enough to wear everyday without feeling like you're wearing it out. Never worry about tipping over any spillable lunch items again with this roomy pebbled leather Cuyana tote. Minimal lovers will appreciate the clean aesthetic and the thoughtful option to customize it with monogrammed initials. It may just be a newer version of the one you've had since high school, but that doesn't mean it's not grown-up enough to be your polished everyday bag.Oh, you fancy huh? The red interior elevates this Tuscan leather bucket bag into a coveted accessory you'll keep for the rest of your life. It's great for interviews and Very Important Meetings.  If black isn't your thing, opt for this pretty camel option that you'll never have trouble ID'ing at coat check.For the women who carry their entire lives around in their bags, this Angela Roi one has more space than you'll ever need—in handcrafted vegan leather, nonetheless.The croc-embossed hand-held satchel of our dreams doubles as a crossbody for when you can't hold your coffee, your phone, and your bag at once. Plus, it has a theft-proof zipper for busy rush hour commutes.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			In case you didn’t get the memo, headbands have made a comeback (just ask Chrissy Teigen). Once reserved for people who prefer a preppy Blair Waldorf style, headbands today exude an effortless cool girl vibe...when you find the right one(s). Fortunately, Amazon’s making it easy with Maxdot’s collection of knotted headbands. While embellished styles and royal family–approved hatbands have been making a splash for a few months now, we've recently been seeing knotted headbands all over our Instagram feeds—and for good reason. They're the perfect finishing touch to a relaxed maxi dress or an office-friendly blazer. The simple, knotted detailing pops without upstaging the rest of your outfit.   Happy Saturday!  I feel like ever since we bought a house all we do on the weekends is shop for furniture and start diy projects 🙈 Does it ever end?! . . This romper runs big, I would size down!  This exact one is linked in my bio under “shop my Instagram” or follow me on the @liketoknow.it app! . http://liketk.it/2Dxo3  #liketkit #LTKunder50 #rdbabeA post shared by  Loren Chandler (@lo_chandler) on Jul 20, 2019 at 6:13am PDT Here’s some advice to anyone trying to “frame” me: Don’t. Make. Me. Laugh! 🖼😂⁣ ⁣ Yesterday I stopped by the @Bollare Beach Bungalow and stocked up on some summer essentials! I picked up some pieces from @quizclothing @drschollsshoes @thisworks @blanknycjeans @sunnylifeaustralia and @cottonon_usa. I can’t wait to share more!⁣ ⁣ In the meantime you can shop this entire look (bag is limited edition and no longer available) by following me in the @liketoknow.it app or by clicking the link in my bio! And this headband is one of my most asked about items and adds the perfect little moment to a simple outfit like jeans and a tee!  PS...I’ve linked one that is only $6.00! ⁣ ⁣ And yes, I’m OBSESSED with the decor at the #BollareBeachBungalow and want to do a gallery wall just like this in my office...and every other room in the house! ~C💋 #cassydy ⁣ ⁣ http://liketk.it/2CGCB #liketkit #leopardheadband #knottedheadband #ltkstyletip #ltkunder50 #ltkstyle #ltkunder25 #gallerywall #gallerywalldecor #bollare #jeansandtshirt ⁣ ⁣ 📷: @brittanylelampA post shared by  CASSYDY (@cassydy) on Jun 19, 2019 at 6:18pm PDTKnotted headbands are sold in virtually every color and pattern you can think of, but if you want to add them to every outfit—or simply can't decide on just one—snag the Maxdot set. It features eight beautiful colors that will pair well with practically anything. Looking for the perfect statement piece? Pop on the ruby red or baby pink option. If you're in the market for something more subtle, you can choose between the set's navy, gray, and black colors. But we've saved the best bit for last: These headbands are incredibly affordable. The entire set will cost you $13.59,  and if you do the math, that means you're paying less than $2 per headband. Plus, if you have Amazon Prime (if not, you can sign up here), you can order these headbands now and rock them on Monday while New York Fashion Week is still happening. Shop more Amazon Fashion sales with Slick Deals. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter. SUBSCRIBE HERE 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Can somebody please say a prayer for my debit card? There's nothing wrong it, per se, but just when I thought I was finished with Fall shopping, Shopbop swooped in with an exclusive capsule collection to celebrate its 20th anniversary with 20 designer pieces from, you guessed it, 20 different designers.The capsule collection, called The Twenty, will feature Fall pieces from designers such as Ulla Johnson, Veronica Beard, Zimmermann, Alice + Olivia, Cushnie, Acne, MSGM and so much more. Everything you need to get dressed this fall can be found in the collection.  For example, layer your favorite faux fur coat over this Kenzo Utility Jumpsuit for quick one-and-done lewk.Or if you're still in denial that Summer is coming to an end, buy a transitional jacket that will make you look and feel good as you trek through the impending 50 degree weather. Want to be the talk of your next event? Zimmermann has you covered.“After twenty years of Shopbop, we have a lot to celebrate—the designers and brands we launched and with whom we fostered deep relationships, our wildly passionate teams and unique company culture, and our continuously supportive industry partners," said  Kim Fleissner, CEO of Shopbop. "But most importantly, it’s about celebrating our worldwide customers who inspire us daily to create the best online shopping experience possible." Shop the rest of Shopbop's The Twenty here. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HEREFrom: ELLE US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's your new going-out look.Emily Ratajkowski is kicking off New York Fashion Week in a way only she could: in a bikini. The model, actress, and swimwear designer regularly sports her own swimsuit line, Inamorata, for the 'gram. But today, instead of rocking a bikini at the beach, Ratajkowski incorporated a white bikini top into her street style outfit. She wore the "Las Olas" design with crisscross straps underneath a black duster coat paired with slouchy trousers and heels. (Notice how the sandals lace-up  around her pant legs—a very fashion girl move.) She added a pop of color with an orange handbag.Ratajkowski seemed completely at ease with her bikini-top-turned-shirt moment and she did, I admit, successfully pull off the lewk. The bikini top was a clever way to say "I know these shows are about spring 2020, but summer's not over just yet." And highlight her abs, naturally. Since the model will certainly be attending more NYFW shows, it's safe to say there may be additional swimsuit moments from her in the coming week. For those trying to channel Emrata vibes, shop similar pieces to get her outfit:Watch this space for more of our favorite street style looks from all of fashion month. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			All I need now is a Prince Harry.The perfect time to dress up like Meghan Markle holding a fake baby Archie—and not be branded a stalker—is Halloween. The day is dedicated to dressing up like your favorite alter ego, after all. For anyone wanting to channel the Duchess of Sussex, we've rounded up some of Meghan's most iconic looks to recreate. The duchess wears a lot of contemporary outfits, which is great—you can look in your own wardrobe for similar pieces—but to stick out and really become Meghan, you'll need the right energy. Study the photos of Meghan below (her poses, smiles, etc.), then shop the pieces needed to get her look. A tiara to top off all the outfits won't hurt, either.To announce their engagement, the couple appeared together for a photocall at The Sunken Gardens of Kensington Palace. Meghan stuck to a classic look, choosing a trench coat to wear over a knee-length dress and lace-up heels. This outfit marked the beginning of her journey to becoming a royal.Rachel Roy trench, $85SHOP IT Milumia dress, $23SHOP ITAllegra K sandals, $31SHOP ITMeghan mock engagement ring, $25SHOP IT One of Meghan's most memorable outfits to date is the Ralph & Russo gown she wore in her engagement portrait. The photos were taken by Alexi Lubomirski at Frogmore House, Windsor. Grab your Prince Harry and recreate this whole lewk for your October 31 bash.Alex Evenings gown, $130SHOP ITBohoo black pumps, $18SHOP ITMeghan mock engagement ring, $25SHOP IT Meghan looked gorgeous on her wedding day in this white Stella McCartney halter-neck dress. The dress was so iconic, the brand now offers it for other brides, or fancy shoppers, to buy and wear. If you don't want to drop $5,200 for the sake of a Halloween costume though, we found an alternative dress below.Badgley Mischka gown, $270SHOP ITBadgley Mischka sparkly heels, $65SHOP ITFor Meghan's first Trooping the Colour ceremony in 2018, she wore a pink off-the-shoulder Carolina Herrera dress. Though the look was slightly more daring than Kate's buttoned-up outfit, it was made more appropriate by the asymmetrical neckline and matching pink fascinator.French Connection dress, $89SHOP ITFree Yoka fascinator, $14SHOP ITIf there's one style the Duchess of Sussex continually wears, it's the tuxedo dress. She has it in both black and white, and wore the white to an event in Wellington, New Zealand during the royal tour. Superdown white dress, $72SHOP ITSam Edelman navy pumps, $120SHOP ITPrince Harry and Meghan Markle's first royal tour together brought them to a host of countries, including Australia. For the Australian Geographic Society Awards, the Duchess wore this beautiful bird motif dress from Oscar de la Renta. It was one of the more standout looks from the tour.  Rickie Freeman for Teri Jon gown, $795SHOP ITBoohoo black pumps, $18SHOP ITJune 14, 2018 marked the day Meghan first held engagements without Prince Harry by her side. Instead, she accompanied the Queen on all her travels. Here they're pictured at a ceremony to open the new Mersey Gateway Bridge in Widnes, England. This was also the Duchess' first engagement with the Queen, which Meghan pulled off without a hitch. Etsy white cape dress, $157SHOP IT206 collective black pumps, $22SHOP ITCaserbay black belt, $11SHOP ITThe royals put their (reported) drama aside to appear as a united group during their annual Christmas service at Church of St. Mary Magdalene. While Kate wore a cheery holiday red, Meghan went for a polished navy outfit. If you recreate this look, have your BFF wear Kate's.COS navy coat, $285SHOP IT Boden navy dress, $90SHOP ITSam Edelman navy boots, $150SHOP ITFree Yoka navy fascinator, $14SHOP ITRather than appear outside of the hospital after giving birth, Meghan Markle and Prince Harry chose to wait a few days to do an official photocall. The new parents brought out their son Archie Harrison Mountbatten-Windsor at St. George's Hall, Windsor Castle on May 8, 2019. Meghan matched Archie's blanket in a classic white trench dress.ASOS trench dress, $64SHOP IT Taryn Rose beige pumps, $46SHOP ITFake baby toy, $22SHOP ITMeghan and Archie were there to cheer Prince Harry on at The King Power Royal Charity Polo Day in July 2019. The Duchess of Sussex wore a loose fitted olive-colored dress from Lisa Marie Fernandez and held her baby close.H&M shirtdress, $35SHOP IT H&M brown sandals, $25SHOP ITFake baby toy, $22SHOP IT•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Exactly how to find one that fits you to a T.The ubiquitous simple-yet-polished button-down (button-up?) shirt is a wardrobe staple. Meghan Markle made this one in white famous, Victoria Beckham makes them in two-tone colors, CEOs consider them a part of their work uniform. Finding a button-down shirt isn't hard (they're sold everywhere), but finding one that actually fits is a different story. Inevitably the shirt comes across as too stuffy for a casual office or is so stiff, it brings to mind a waiter's uniform at a five-star restaurant. Most regrettable are the blouses that strain and pucker at the bust, or are so big and boxy—and not in a fashion-girl way—they're unflattering.Audrey McLoghlin, founder of Grayson and Frank & Eileen (Meghan has worn their shirts, too), is a master of this garment, crafting comfortable, affordable, and size-inclusive button-downs. (She calls them button-ups, however, for a smart reason—more on that in a minute.) Who better to tap for advice on how to spot and snag a truly perfect button-down? Here, she walks us through how to find the right shirt for your silhouette, and how to style in under a minute for work or play.What's in a name? In this shirt's case...actually a lot. "Technically speaking, a button-down has a collar with an extra set of buttons. It's a [term that came from men's clothing] because they would put their ties through the button-down collar," explains McLoghlin. "I call my pieces a button-up because the placket buttons up, but it doesn't infer that there is a button-down collar. Women tend to use the term interchangeably, but in the men's world, they're distinct." "The first thing I would look for is fabric quality—nothing matters unless the fabric is beautiful," McLoghlin says. "I'm a big 100-percent something and not blends [person], so either 100 percent cotton, 100 percent linen, or 100 percent tencel. The second thing I'd look for is silhouette and versatility (i.e. where am I wearing this to?). Third, see if your button-up is pre-washed or not. One way some brands cut costs and deliver the lowest priced garments is that they don't pre-wash the garments. They just cut, sew, and sell it. So if you wear it and toss that into the washing machine, it suddenly might not fit you anymore. Once you have these things down, you have to figure out fit." "[An important part to making sure your button-up fits] is evaluating the bust area. This is a dead giveaway of whether or not you have the perfect fitting shirt. The button placement should allow room for your bust, even if you are quite busty, without creating a gap or causing you to size up from your regular size. (I am a 32DD and I wear a size small, with the right button placement.) Most button-ups have buttons all the way up to the collar (like a men's shirt) so you end up with one button below the bust and one button above the bust. This is what creates the ever-dreaded 'boob gap.' A beautifully fitting shirt will have a button that lines up perfectly with your bust-line. Before ditching the shirts you already own though, check to make sure you are wearing the right bra. You need a bra that lifts and separates so that your bust is sitting in the right place.Next, check the collar. You don't want it to be so big that it's a distraction (think '70's collars), but also not so small that it doesn't draw the eye up to your face. Ideally, that collar should be versatile enough to allow you to wear it popped-up or wear it down, depending on the look you are going for that day.You want a shirt where the neck opening and top button placement are designed for a female body [so they] effortlessly create an open v-neck look. Remember, men's shirts are designed to wear with a tie, so they naturally close across the front, giving a very closed and masculine look, which looks amazing on some women, but is tricky to pull off. The shoulders: The perfect shoulders will depend on the style you are going for that day. Going for the classic look? Make sure the shoulder is crisp. Going for a relaxed look? Make sure the shoulder falls off effortlessly.Also check where it hits you at the waist, hips, and bum. For the classic shirt tail, it should curve at the front, around your hips, and down again in your back. The length would be even in the front and the back.""A classic white flatters everyone because it makes you look sharp, awake, and smart. Another color I think is universally-flattering is the french blue (like this option) because it makes you look happy and brights up your whole face." "I like to embrace wrinkles, a slight rumpledness and casualness. You don't want to have big creases, like the folding marks, though. To get rid of wrinkles and creases, you can run the shirt over with a quick iron or with a steamer. If [the shirt isn't] heavy, hang it in the shower and let the steam in your shower relax it, then touch it up in the morning." Design by Morgan McMullenFor more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			A perfect look for the cameras.It's Princess Charlotte's first day at a new school and she had her mom, dad, and big brother, Prince George, to accompany her. Prince George and Princess Charlotte are both attending Thomas's Battersea in London (George has been at the school since 2017), and look adorable in their matching navy and red uniforms. Looking equally well dressed was mom. Kate chose a colorful floral long-sleeve dress with a black belt to cinch her waist. The vibrant knee-length ensemble brought some cheer to the first day of school—Kate was all smiles as she walked alongside her kids. The Duchess of Cambridge skipped toting her own bag in order to carry her daughter's backpack (#momduties) and finished off her look with a pair of simple black pumps. The dress, which is from Michael Kors, is a repeat, but one we haven't seen in awhile. Kate first wore the look when she attended Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's wedding rehearsal in May 2018. Though we only got a glimpse of it then (she was in a car), you can see it in full today:Kate's summery MICHAEL Michael Kors spring 2019 dress is completely sold out but you can find a similar darker floral print for fall, below.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You know it's good when you don't care how many people have seen you in it.In our bi-weekly series, editors share "the item they wear to death," whether it be a basic white tee or a super-trendy jumpsuit. Prepare yourself (and your credit card) for some guilt-free shopping.You know the really dumb unofficial Instagram rule that says you can't post a picture of yourself in the same outfit more than once? As much as I hate to admit it, I always did my best to conform to this ridiculous Internet Law. That is, until I found the perfect high-waisted denim skirt I wear, well, everywhere.Since DL1961's Georgia high-rise skirt arrived at my desk in the spring, I've posted photos of myself in it three times and counting—which of course doesn't include all of the times I've worn it without documenting it. But what the Instagram pictures won't tell you is that I was hesitant to even try it on in the first place. I've had a love/hate relationship with denim for as long as I can remember. Like most women, I've dealt with the dressing room mirrors that inexplicably make you question your self-worth. My search for flattering denim anything was plagued with inconsistent sizing due to my fluctuating weight—this made me briefly give up on jeans overall. More on that here.Still, I decided to give it a shot. Tragically, I had gotten rid of all my jean skirts that I wore in the early 2000s, so I desperately needed a new one. I pulled the distressed denim skirt about an inch above my belly button and voilà: It fit snugly around my waist without suffocating me and the length was perfect for not flashing everybody on the street when I bent down or walked up the subway stairs.In addition to the cute distressed finishes at the bottom of the skirt, there are two large pockets in the front and back to put your phone and credit cards in. Because of its somewhat surprising super high-waisted fit, I've been able to wear the skirt with a crop top to the bar, or a tucked-in tee to the office. It's not a coincidence that some of my best pictures are taken in this skirt. Even when I've eaten too much dessert the night before, that stomach bulge in the front magically disappears, which makes me feel super confident and, naturally, leads to those pictures on the 'gram.So when I had already posted an Instagram of myself in the skirt during a vacation in the Hamptons and a few weeks later for a #HearstElevatorSelfie, I was hesitant when my friend Ruby over at Cosmo (hi, Ruby!) kept telling me to "just post it!" when she took another picture of me wearing it on a trip to the Catskills. My mind immediately went to that one-time "Insta rule" that I had already broken, but then she reminded me nobody is paying attention as much as I am—and if I feel bomb in it, that's all that matters. I love it here (if you can't already tell)!!A post shared by  RACHEL EPSTEIN (@rachelepstein_) on Aug 16, 2019 at 4:44pm PDTFor more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Your first pair of heels will always have a special place in your heart. (Whether you wear it again or not is debatable—yes, I'm looking at you, eighth grade prom heels). More on that later, though, because I wanted to bring to your attention: Sam Smith. No one was more stoked about wearing heels this week than Sam. The musician attended the GQ Men of The Year Awards in London and wore a spiffy black suit with a lacy see-through button-down shirt.Instead of loafers or brogues, Smith chose a pair of (what looked like) patent leather ankle boots with a nice two to three-inch (just my guess!) heel. What made this heel moment so special was the fact it was Sam's first time wearing heels to an award show. He shared a photo of the shoes on Instagram, writing, "There was a time where I thought I'd never ever ever be able to be myself like this in front of the industry or anyone. It feels so good and I just wanted to share that with you all, and share a picture of my GORJ Gucci heels." He even added "They'll always be my virgin heels." Like I said before, everyone remembers their first pair of heels.  Tonight I wore heels for the first time to an award show. I’ve just got home from a gorgeous evening and as I was walking to my front door I stopped and listened to my heels clonking against the floor. And I just thought ‘FUCK YES’!! There was a time where I thought I’d never ever ever be able to be myself like this in front of the industry or anyone. It feels so good and I just wanted to share that with you all, and share a picture of my GORJ Gucci heels. They’ll always be my virgin heels ⚡️✨💋A post shared by  Sam Smith (@samsmith) on Sep 3, 2019 at 4:45pm PDTThe Gucci boot worked itself seamlessly into his button-down outfit, and Smith looked stunning on the red carpet. The singer clearly loved his look too; he turned one leg out ever so slightly to show off his shoes to the photographers. Sam working the boots on the red carpet:For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The classic gemstone gives way to coveted new shapes for the modern woman.Pearl earrings are just about as classic as it gets, but you don't have to be a  twinset-wearing, crossed ankle–sitting, proper kind of lady to integrate the stone into your everyday wardrobe. Today, unexpected shapes and scale give pearls a marvelously modern update. Read: Not your grandma's pearl earrings. Wearing pearls may mean you are donning a rich piece of history (more on that later), but they're also an effortless day-to-night accessory. Here,  Elizabeth Doyle, owner of Doyle & Doyle Antique Jewelry, explains why pearl earrings are a piece of jewelry so totally worth investing in. Marie Claire: Why do pearls hold such an important place in history—in fashion and otherwise? Elizabeth Doyle: Throughout time, pearls have been a consistent fashion statement, from Vermeer’s Girl With a Pearl Earring to Princess Diana’s iconic multi-strand dog-collar necklace. Seemingly delicate, pearls hold stories of politics, power, and romance. MC: How are you seeing the classic reworked? ED: Pearl drop earrings have long been thought of as the demure choice, but now we’re seeing bold designs featuring huge baroque pearls that give a modern edginess we don’t always see in perfectly round pearls. MC: Why are pearls so versatile? ED: Nothing is safer than pearl studs and a simple pearl strand. Add in varying lengths and sizes (think Coco Chanel) and you have the ultimate in polished chic. Mix your pearls with chains and rosaries for an ’80s Madonna rock ’n’ roll look. Shop our favorite new releases, below.•••This story appears in the September 2019 issue of Marie Claire.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Brands are slowly releasing their fall/winter 2019-2020 fashion campaigns right now and we're compiling a list of the best ones. These are the real deals—the ads that really make you stop and stare. See the most stunning shots, from Dior to Michael Kors, ahead.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here).		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Here's proof. Despite owning a lot of bags (one of the perks of working in fashion), I always end up carrying the same ones out of ease. It seems Katie Holmes gets my drift—she, too, has a go-to favorite: Holmes' 3.1 Phillip Lim "Alix" shoulder bag. The structured leather crossbody has been spotted on Holmes' shoulder on numerous occasions now, whether she's heading out of the gym (very chic) or taking a stroll through New York City. I don't blame her for wanting to wear it every day; the black color is super versatile, matching with everything from sweats to a pencil skirt, and the paper-clip fastening design gives a business-inspired feel even when you're OOO. The "Alix" crossbody bag looks cool and sleek with its silver-tone chain shoulder strap, and has quite a few pockets to conceal all your miscellaneous items.  There's no greater feeling than finding that one bag you can wear 24/7, and you can tell from the photos ahead that, for Holmes, this one is a keeper. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Just because Labor Day weekend is officially over doesn't mean the sales are. From now through September 8, Nordstrom is offering up to 40 percent off select items across the site including women's clothing, shoes, and handbags. (Btw, you should totally scroll through our full list of amazing LDW deals that are still going on.) Whether you want to give your closet a serious overhaul or stock up on some staples for your fall wardrobe, there's no better time to get a head start on your cool-weather shopping. Not sure what to buy? Peruse through our favorite Nordstrom finds, below. $395$236.98You can expect a lot of compliments on LoveShackFancy’s sweet style once sweater weather kicks in. $278$138.98Trade in your over-worn bucket bag for this crossbody style.  $129$77.40A great leather jacket is a fall fashion essential. Thanks to City Chic’s faux fur style, you can be trendy and eco-friendly. $228$136.80Shorts season is finally over, which means it’s about time you stock up on a great pair of jeans. Pssst...MOTHER is one of Meghan Markle's favorite denim brands. $80$56You’ll get a lot of mileage out of Adidas’ signature Stan Smith sneakers...and look like a street style star.$98$54.98Looking for a stylish way to schlep your laptop to and from the office? Feast your eyes on this backpack from Madewell, which can fit most 13-inch computers. $250$124.98A sleek hat is the perfect finishing touch to a cozy fall outfit. $110$88BRB, curling up in this cozy coat all fall long.  $119.95$71.96Found: The perfect summer-to-fall transitional dress, which can work for a wedding or even the office dressed down with a pair of sneakers or boots. $159.95$95.40Of course, no fall wardrobe is complete without a pair of great booties.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter. SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			They basically double as dresser decor. At the end of a long day, I take off my rings, earrings, and necklaces and deposit them directly onto my dresser or table. Now I'm not a messy person per se, but every once in awhile a midi ring or earring stud will go MIA. I've only recently started using tiny jewelry dishes to contain my growing accessories collection, but even that isn't the best solution. I've learned I need an actual jewelry box. In my search for one, I found plenty of pretty organizers that not only have many compartments to hold my baubles, but also double as cute decor for my house. Ahead, I share my favorite jewelry holders so you too won't lose any more precious jewels.Everyone's favorite minimalist jewelry brand offers two substantial boxes (the inside has three removable trays!) to keep your stackable rings and pendant necklaces in. The jewelry holder is made from grain leather and has an anti-tarnish microsuede interior lining. This box can also be monogrammed free of charge. Fancy!Going on vacation? Select your favorite everyday pieces and put them into this handy travel jewelry case. It has room for your necklaces, earrings, and rings so they don't get jostled around and lost in your carry-on bag. We've all seen those photos on Pinterest of nicely displayed jewelry in glass cases. If that is your aesthetic, you'll love this affordable transparent gold box from H&M. It looks luxe on your dresser with necklaces and rings inside or even on your bookshelf, should you decide to fill it with tiny crystals or other knickknacks instead.For boho vibes, you'll want to go with a jewelry box made of wood and covered in geometric designs. This one is propped up on little legs and has five different compartments to store all your valuables in. Put this box next to some green succulents for the ultimate Free People meets West Elm vibes. Incorporate some variety into your jewelry organizers. Though not a box, this open-face tray allows you to easily display your favorite pieces. Use it to plan out what kind of jewelry you want to wear with your weekend outfits. This jewelry box is so big you may not have enough pieces to even fill it. The top portion contains 12 compartments, the top drawer has 18, the middle drawer has 3, and the bottom drawer contains one compartment for bigger items like a watch. You can also get this one monogrammed with one letter on the lower right corner of the inside mirror.What looks like a lush velvet pillow (like the one Rachel Green's hairless cat sat on) is actually a jewelry box. It comes in several colors, though my favorite is this marigold yellow, which will look great on your vanity table. It's travel-sized approved too.This stone-colored jewelry box resembles a chic and impenetrable security vault. It is made in Spain and features hinged compartments and rows of ring cushions that are lined with soft tarnish-resistant suede. The sleek and space-saving style makes it suitable for even the smallest of apartments.Once you've invested in a classic glass jewelry box, opt for different glass shapes. This octagon one is perfect for earrings or rings. All the different boxes will come together as stylish decor for your dresser. If your dream is to own a beach or lake house, you'll love this bamboo raffia jewelry case. It has hints of natural elements that give it earth-friendly tones. Load it up with turquoise rings and other colorful stones, so they pop against the white and brown hues.Most jewelry boxes are horizontal, so if you're looking for something that maximizes what little space you have on the counter, get this vertical one. It has six pull out drawers, one deeper drawer for sunglasses, and two side compartments with 22 hooks and 4 pockets for necklaces. It even comes with a removable mini jewelry box for travel. Adding this to my wishlist.This jewelry box is essentially a gorgeous decor piece whether or not you actually use it for your baubles. One reviewer wrote she uses it to hold her remotes (genius) so there is less clutter on the coffee table. Since it's currently on sale, you might want to buy two: one for you and one as a gift to your favorite host.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			This fall, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle (and their little bundle of joy, Archie Harrison) will embark on their official royal tour of South Africa and the world will be watching. A royal tour means a ton of back-to-back royal engagements and a full wardrobe of new royal looks to enjoy from Meghan. If Meghan's tour of Australia and New Zealand is any indication, she's going to be wearing an amazing series designer dresses (probably with a ton of navy blue). Those designer looks, amazing as they are, are not in the price range of normal humans. As an example, let's look to the two-toned blue Roksanda Athena, pleated crepe midi dress that Meghan wore to  visit the Macarthur Girls High School in Sydney last October. That gown retails for $1,295 (but, thanks to the steep price tag, it's still available, if you have an extra thousand+ dollars to splash out for it). A reminder of the look, in case you need it:  The always-amazing royal fashion 'gram Regal Replikate has found an actually-affordable replica of the dress though.  @Hobbs have this great #megmirror for the Roksanda Athena dress worn on during the #royalvisitaustralia. I absolutely loved the dress when Meghan wore it, it was such an effortlessly chic look! This @hobbslondon dress is current in the sale for only £53! Called the ‘Helenora’ dress. #duchessofsussex #royalstyle #lookforlessA post shared by  Sophia (@regal_replikate) on Jul 6, 2019 at 11:16pm PDTThe replica is a Hobbs London dress known as the Helenora. It retails for $125 (but sometimes runs on sale for much less, according to Regal Replikate's original post on the dress). The Hobbs London look has short sleeves, whereas Meghan's Roksanda dress was sleeveless, and the lighter blue is a little more vibrant, but the overall impression of the dress is definitely similar to Meghan's look. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.subscribe here		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			This week, the stars have flocked to Italy for the Venice Film Festival, where their absolute best lewks are on full display. See what Kristen Stewart, Laura Dern, Ruth Negga, and others wore on the red carpet and just out and about at the annual festival. In Chanel.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The scoopback style comes in a variety of colors. Smart shoppers know that you can often find really good discounted items during those end-of-the-season sales. There is always the chance that what you like is sold out, but that won't be the case today. J.Crew is having a summer sale with an extra 50 percent off sale pieces (and 40 percent off regular-priced items)! Since we can't resist a good sale, we took a (quick) peek and found the winning item: a scoopback swimsuit. The classic one-piece has long been part of J.Crew's basic silhouette offerings and it comes in nine different colors. You can get your go-to colors black and navy for $4.99 (this is after you use the promo code SUNSET) or opt for a brighter, trendy hue like mint for $15.49. Surprisingly, all the swimsuits are still available in every size, though not for long. I already received a notification in my checkout basket that one of my swim pieces is quickly selling out. Here's the $5 gem in black. Perfect for any upcoming vacays to escape the dreaded winter chills.If, like me, you also found yourself browsing the newest arrivals to add fall-friendly items to your cart (what? the extra 40 percent off is calling me!) shop more options from J.Crew, below.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Earlier this year, Meghan Markle wore a crisp white dress with a green chain-link pattern that made Meghan fans take to the internet IMMEDIATELY to figure out the designer. Spoiler alert: It's Victoria Beckham, and it wasn't on sale at the time she wore it (that's the sound of fans putting away their credit cards sadly). Now, at last, the dress is available for us mere mortals to buy. Well, us mere mortals with a spare $1,900 to spend, anyways. You can now buy the dress from the Victoria Beckham website in the chain link pattern or two other colors—navy and red. I can see this being perfect for a formal day event (just like how Meghan wears it) or a really important work meeting where you have to wow everyone with your presentation AND style skills simultaneously. No surprise, some of the sizes are already sold out. Thank you, Duchess Effect. Meghan previously wore the outfit and paired the green pattern on the dress with matching hunter-green pumps and clutch when she attended Commonwealth Day with Prince Harry in March 2019. She told Glamour UK years ago that she couldn't pull off the long torso required of Victoria Beckham's clothes, but has since changed her mind (luckily!). Of the patterns, Victoria said, "Back to work and excited to launch my #VBAW19 collection today with the chain print, one of the key prints of the season. #VBAW19 is my celebration of femininity and part of what I define as the modern feminine alphabet. Can’t wait to see how you wear it."Here's the full look from Meghan:Aside from the pillbox hat, which I admit I do not love (it makes her look like an old-timey nurse, in my opinion), the dress itself is lovely and so professionally polished. Although I'd probably get it in the red instead?For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Who's ready for all the cozy vibes?Welcome to fall: The time of year when all you need to look chic is a pair of pants and a cozy sweater. And we're here to help you build up your collection of comfy, chunky knits in a range of silhouettes, colors, and styles, using this season's sweater trends as a guide. 2019 is the year to step out of your comfort zone with something beyond your basic black crewneck—perhaps camo print or side-tie? Check out the trend forecast, ahead, then fill up your cart.Though we didn't think this neckline could possibly climb any higher, the turtleneck is hell bent on creeping all the way up to your chin...or past it. No complaints here; this cozy knit is sure to keep you warm and look amazing with an oversize fleece or jacket. Draw inspo from the Tory Burch runway (left) and wear your turtleneck sweater with plaid trousers for a preppy office ensemble.If you're looking for a turtleneck to layer with, go with this option from Zara. It's on the thinner side, so it's easily layer-able under slip dresses—or even another sweater, as seen on the fall 2019 Tibi runway.You have enough neutral-colored turtlenecks, so add some color to your wardrobe with this checkered orange and blue sweater. The slightly oversize fit is perfect for lounging.Not completely on board with the trend? Try this top, which looks like a turtleneck, but has more space between the fabric and your skin for a breathable feel. Details include ribbing at the neck, cuffs, and hem. At Gucci and Valentino, graphic sweaters added an eye-catching element to the fall runways. This one from Valentino (left) featured two Renaissance figures kissing while surrounded by flowers and butterflies. The larger-than-life the graphic, the more it'll make a statement when you strut by.If you're the kind of person who would rather play with the dog at the party than mingle with humans, this sweater is for you. Wear this to your next gathering.Rainy fall days call for a soft sweater to snuggle up in. Here's one from Rails to wear with your lounge pants. When the weather is nicer, you can easily style this with a silk skirt or jeans. In addition to depicting this iconic Snow White scene, the sweater comes covered in sequins for a brilliant shine. Disney fanatics may not even blink twice at the price.Styling two sweaters together will get you this over-the-top look—or, if you're feeling lazy, you can buy a sweater with an extra sweater built in. This fall, designers were piling it all on, whether it's a self-tied sleeve around the shoulders or that extra piece that looks like a shawl. This two-in-one look is perfect for someone hoping to up their fashun game.Wrapping another top around you would be annoying (the slippage!). Alexander Wang solves this problem by making a second mock sweater to go with the first.The cowl neck on this sweater mimics the sleeves of the top (how neat is that?). This is the kind of top you throw on with jeans to look fabulous without even trying.Rejina Pyo tackled the full-on drape effect in this soft mohair-blend woven sweater. It comes straight from the fall 2019 runways—grab one and be the chicest woman at the office.When your shirt is a tad too long, tying it at the sides or in the front is a workable solution. During the Fall 2019 runway shows, designers applied this stylistic element to their sweaters, as evidenced by this Ulla Johnson look. The added detail is interesting without drumming up too much attention.You can buy that Ulla Johnson sweater from the previous slide right now. The top is made from a soft merino wool and has loose billowy sleeves for a relaxed feel. Leave it to DVF to create a sweater that takes black slacks and pumps and makes them interesting. This top shows off your style without breaking the company dress code. There are few materials as comfortable as cashmere. This beige sweater has similar billowy sleeves as the Ulla Johnson option and has a slouchy knot that accentuates the waist.  Camouflage print popped up everywhere, including the Miu Miu fall 2019 runway (left) and Heron Preston, to serve us all with a reminder that it's not going anywhere. This season, consider getting something in this print, whether it be a sweater or a fleece jacket.Made of cozy Italian wool, this piece will still feel delicate should you dress it up with black cargo pants and combat boots. Deviate from the traditional camo shades of forest green and brown and opt for this black and white print, instead. The top is made in Portugal and the design is slightly cropped so it sits just above your hips. A camo sweater is just as layer-able as its beige-colored counterpart. Take a note from J.Crew and style this one over a button-up shirt.  •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Read: non-hideous. Whoever thinks that rain jackets are reserved for summer clearly hasn't spent a day in Florida; a sunshower can pop up any time of year. And who among us—no matter where you live—hasn't gotten stuck in a post-work downpour sans umbrella because it was nothin' but blue skies when you left your house that morning? But even when the weather's at torrential monsoon levels, you don't have to let it ruin your outfit. Ahead, 10 rain jackets (that don't resemble shiny trash bags) you'll want to wear even when it's not wet and muggy outside. I took one glance at Everlane's anorak and suddenly I wish it's fall? Wear this ultra cool lightweight, water-resistant jacket on rainy days to the office without feeling like your colleagues are staring at you. (Unlike when you wear those high-top rain boots.) Beat the blues in Stutterheim's unisex mid-length colorblocked coat. The brand is known for its beautiful rain jackets with boxy fits. Columbia's best-selling Arcadia waterproof rain jacket comes in eight (!) different colors and plenty of five star reviews on Amazon. As one reviewer noted, it's perfect for light to moderate showers and fits snugly. Make sure to order a size up if you're into layering. Suddenly, I'm not so upset about the rain when statement pieces like Rains' holographic jacket exists...with a hood! Throw on a t-shirt and leggings underneath Lululemon's oversized jacket, and you won't feel so bad about running errands in the rain. It surprisingly adjusts to your body shape with its cinched sleeves and waist, and if you're heading on a trip it folds into—wait for it—a fanny pack. It's called the "Perfect Rain Jacket" for a reason—J.Crew's best-selling coat is refreshingly simple, and comes in eight different colors. Shoppers can't stop talking about the lightweight and easy fit. Please don't mind me and my waterproof double-breasted leopard trench coat that I will be wearing everyday from September through December, thank you very much.  If there were any hesitations about this raincoat's protective features, Herschel's parka is made to keep out the rain and wind with its special waterproof stretch fabric. It's easy on the eyes, too.The OG all-weather brand still has a special place in our hearts. Go for a cape look with this unisex poncho if you're tired of the traditional, zipped-up style......But if you're not tired of the zipper, keep it minimal in Hunter's original lightweight rubber jacket with a drawstring hood and pockets for days. •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The resemblance is uncanny.Princess Diana's style legacy has lived on. Though we've seen Kate Middleton and Meghan Markle channel her outfits, another star has taken things one step further. For Vogue Paris' September issue, Hailey Baldwin recreated some of Princess Di's most iconic, casual outfits for the magazine. Shot by Gregory Harris, the model wore a sweatshirt and biker shorts in one shot that captured the late royal's love for these bottoms. (Biker shorts have also been having a moment for the past few seasons.) Another shot features Hailey in a baseball cap, blazer, and jeans—the very same outfit Princess Diana wore to the Guards Polo Club in 1988. Hailey's photos, and energy, are a close match to the Princess Di ones. The outfit reinterpretations aren't far off from the model's own personal style, either. Hailey has a knack for mixing sportswear into her everyday outfits and prefers athletic, oversized but sexy silhouettes like a blazer and biker shorts. The model shared some of the photos from her shoot on Instagram, writing, "...All credit and inspo to the amazingly beautiful and iconically stylish Princess Diana who I’ve looked to for style inspiration for as long as I can remember. Thank you for leaving behind such an iconic fashion and style legacy." See the glamorous recreations, below. @vogueparis shot by @gstyles styled by @virginiebenarroch xxA post shared by  Hailey Rhode Bieber (@haileybieber) on Aug 28, 2019 at 4:18pm PDTThe Princess Di inspo:  new story for @vogueparis shot by @gstyles styled by @virginiebenarroch 💕 all credit and inspo to the amazingly beautiful and iconically stylish Princess Diana who I’ve looked to for style inspiration for as long as I can remember. Thank you for leaving behind such an iconic fashion and style legacy.A post shared by  Hailey Rhode Bieber (@haileybieber) on Aug 28, 2019 at 4:17pm PDTThe Princess Di inspo:For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Her style is all hits, no misses.Kate Middleton has established herself as a trendsetter (Hey Siri, tell me about the Kate Middleton Effect), though she's not the only one with serious fashion cred in the family. Her younger sister Pippa has a style all her own—one we covet. Pippa might not officially be part of the royal family, but she certainly runs in the same crowds, and those crowds require one to look their best. Take, for example, Wimbledon, where Pippa continually shines with her amazing floral dresses and trendy shoe choices. But on her off days you can catch her in something cute too. Check out her best looks, ahead, then read up on her favorite dress style and shoe brands. Want even more? Click here for all the times she and Kate wore matching outfits.Pippa's most recent appearance was at Wimbledon. She wore a long-sleeve floral dress from byTiMo with lace-up white peep-toe sandals that matched her white clutch. Pippa and her sister's SIL, Meghan Markle, stepped out together in a rare joint appearance at day 12 of the Wimbledon championships. Meghan wore a crisp white button-up shirt and skirt, while Pippa went with a style she loves: a floral dress.Pippa walked hand-in-hand with her husband to watch the matches at Wimbledon. She wore a printed yellow Ganni dress and white sandals that looked, quite frankly, very comfortable. Pippa and her brother James arrived for the first of many matches she would watch during the 2019 Wimbledon tournament in spiffy-looking outfits. Pippa chose a pink dress with barely-there sandals while James looked dapper in a suit. In lieu of a fascinator, Pippa wore a blue headband to match her asymmetrical button dress at the wedding of Lady Gabriella Windsor. Pippa attended Princess Eugenie's wedding in a mock-neck long-sleeve emerald dress from Emilia Wickstead (a favorite designer of Kate's too). She wore a matching emerald fascinator and black pumps. Pippa lives in her espadrilles, especially pairs from Castañer. Here, she's seen in her sandals with a billowy sleeved midi dress at the Wimbledon men's semi finals. Pippa's shirtdress tied just above her baby bump, here at Wimbledon on day nine of the Championships. She accessorized with her Pop & Suki handbag and black espadrilles. Auntie Pippa attended her nephew Prince Louie's christening in head-to-toe baby blue. Her dress was by Alessandra Rich while her shoes and clutch were from Jimmy Choo.Pippa wore a summery yellow dress with triangle cutouts while she was out running errands with husband James Matthews. She swapped her wedges for sneakers and wore a small woven crossbody bag.Pippa wore a bespoke white Broderie Anglaise Bergman dress by Anna Mason and lace-up Penelope Chilvers blue espadrille wedges to the Wimbledon Tennis Championships.Pippa chose a white sundress and sneakers to run errands in London.Pippa attended day one of the French Open in a printed Polo Ralph Lauren dress with adjustable sleeves. She paired it with her signature Castañer wedge espadrilles and a red striped fedora to match her midi dress. Pippa and her husband James attended Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's royal wedding back in May 2018. The socialite, who was newly pregnant at the time, wore a green and pink dress by British label The Fold. Pippa chose a delicate floral printed Erdem dress for a Wimbledon match in July. The green crossbody bag matched her lush surroundings and brown wedge espadrilles made walking to and from the courts easy. Pippa arrived to Wimbledon in a pink lace Self-Portrait dress and heels. The tennis-enthusiast always dresses up for the matches. Pippa arrived to the Hurlingham Club in London in a floral printed dress with crystal embellishments. The color of her heels coordinated with her midi dress. For the BGC Annual Global Charity Day at Canary Wharf in London Pippa chose a taupe-colored jumpsuit with gray pumps. Minidresses are Pippa's calling and she has them in a variety of prints, including this polka dotted one here. Pippa looked prim and proper at the British Heart Foundation's Roll Out the Red Ball event. She wore a black and white three-quarter sleeve dress but added in pops of red, including a red lip, to match the event's vibes. Pippa chose a royal blue halter-neck dress for the  Boodles Boxing Ball at the Grosvenor Hotel in London. The gown had a giant floral decal on the front and a cutout to show just a hint of skin at the midriff. Pippa's a regular at Wimbledon in London. Here she wore a black-and-white peplum top with matching printed skinny pants and sunglasses for the match. An easy way to highlight your waist is with a belt. Pippa did just that here, cinching in her dress with the thin pink accessory while attending Spectator Life magazine's third birthday party at Belgraves Hotel in London.Pippa gave the minidress and boots combination a try when she attended the launch of Tabith Webb's first retail store in London. It was the perfect dressy-casual (that's a thing, we swear!) ensemble.Pippa attended GQ Men of the Year Awards at the Royal Opera House in London while wearing a pink shimmery dress. Blue is definitely one of Pippa's go-to colors for special events. She wore this lacy cerulean colored dress with a blue fascinator to the wedding of James Meade and Lady Laura Marsham.Pippa appeared to have re-worn a pair of white wedges from 2009 with her color-blocked dress and cardigan while out and about in London.No one will forget Pippa's Maid of Honor dress at Kate's wedding. Pippa wore a formfitting cowl-neck cap-sleeve dress from Alexander McQueen that nearly stole the show. (Kate's wedding gown was from the same fashion house.)Pippa stayed true to her love of wedges with a pair of white slingbacks while attending the Jaeger-LeCoultre Polo Charity Cup in Richmond, England.This is the ultimate throwback photo. The sisters Middleton attended a book launch and both wore midi dresses. Kate chose a cap-sleeve lace one while Pippa wrapped herself in a cropped black cardigan.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			If you had said the words "cashmere bralette" to me 17 minutes ago, I would have said, "no." That's it, just, no. Nope! Because what? A cashmere bralette?! What do those words even mean? What possible scenario calls for an undergarment made of ultra luxe, ultra warm material—a winter bikini top if you will? In what season would one wear such a thing? And to where?Well, let Katie Holmes show you the way.The actress stepped out yesterday (as actresses often do) wearing an oatmeal-colored cashmere bralette and matching cardigan from Khaite. The cashmere bralette is $483 and I think I need it. I am a cashmere disciple now. I will follow Katie Holmes and her cashmere bralette anywhere. Also, I can't stop saying cashmere bralette. Which is funny, because that cardigan is equally fabulous.   The idea of a cashmere bralette has proved to be confusing to many, in fact. Photo service Splash News called this lewk a wardrobe malfunction, labeling its photo series "Katie Holmes has a wardrobe malfunction while getting into a cab while heading our for dinner solo in NYC." I understand the thinking here. Visible bra is not always intentional. And, to be fair, in the Splash photos, Katie is going full unbuttoned cardigan, which is A Choice! But hello, that is a $483 CASHMERE BRALETTE. Show that sucker off!!!!Katie completed her outfit with a pair of straight-leg jeans, a simple black purse, and matching slides. And she looks so happy about it!!!As for when  such a look could be considered appropriate, the answer is, yesterday: August 27, because it's not too hot, not too cold, all you need is a cashmere bralette...and maybe a matching sweater.Somehow the bra-sweater set is already sold out (maybe "obviously" is a better word than "somehow" because as we've established, this is the perfect outfit so.. it makes sense!), so here are a few other cashmere Khaite items—including the bralette in another color—to satisfy your cozy needs!For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.subscribe here		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Insert "work hard, play hard" joke here. You work hard enough, which means you don't need to waste time searching for the best sales in fashion, beauty, home, and accessories this  Labor Day weekend. Need a new blazer? Check. A fresh pair of cozy sheets? Check check. Take a break from the chaotic workweek and celebrate yourself by shopping amazing deals from our favorite brands, including Nordstrom and Brooklinen, below. Then go ask for that raise you deserve. Date: August 28-September 2 Discount: Extra 15-20 percent off its discounted "Before They Go" section with new styles being added during the weekSHOP Date: August 29-September 2Discount: 15 percent off sitewide with $99.00 "favorite styles" using code: BYESUMMER. The code will not work on products that are marked down to $99SHOP Date: August 27-September 2   Discount: Extra 20 percent off sale using code: EXTRA20SHOPDate: August 30-September 8Discount: 40 percent off across departments SHOPDate: August 31-September 2 Discount: 30 percent off regular pricing, 40 percent off markdownsSHOPDate: August 31-September 3 Discount: Up to 75 pecent off sale items including apparel, accessories, and home. All sales are finalSHOPDate: August 30-September 2Discount: 25 percent off white tees using code: LABORDAY2019 SHOP Date: August 29-September 2 Discount: 50 percent off all jeans, dresses, and teesSHOPDate: August 29-September 2 Discount: 30 percent off sitewide using code: LD30SHOPDate: August 28-September 3 Discount: Up to 50 percent off select styles SHOPDate: August 30-September 2 Discount: Extra 20 percent off sale items using code: STACKED  SHOP Date: August 28-September 2Discount: Up to 70 percent off select stylesSHOPDate: August 28-September 2Discount: Save 35-50 percent off storewide, and get an extra 20 percent off select items  SHOPDate: August 23-September 2Discount: Select touchscreen smartwatches start at $179 and hybrid smartwatches at $119SHOPDate: August 27-September 2 Discount: Items available up to 80 percent off    SHOPDate: August 27-September 3Discount: 50 percent off all fall items (some exclusions apply)SHOPDate: August 29-September 2  Discount: 30 percent full-priced items using code: LD19SHOP Date: August 27-September 2 Discount: Take 30-50 percent off select full-price itemsSHOP Date: August 29-TBD while supplies last Discount: 40-70 percent online and in-store, exclusions apply; GWP coffee mug with $200 purchaseSHOPDate: August 30-September 2Discount: 15 percent off using code: laborday   SHOPDate: August 30-September 2Discount: 40 percent off select swim, PJ, lingerie, loungewear & MINI stylesDate: August 29-September 2Discount: 20 percent off sitewide using code: LaborDay2019SHOP Date: August 28-September 2 Discount: 30 percent off select items using code: BUYSUMMER30 in-store and online  SHOPDate: August 30-September 2Discount: 20 percent off using code: BYESUMMERSHOP Date: August 30-September 2Discount: 20 percent off sitewide on orders over $175 using code: LABORYAYSHOPDate: August 28-September 2; September 2-5Discount: Save up to 65 percent off regular prices on select merchandise throughout the store and site; $100 off $400 select regular priced merchandise. Beauty excludedSHOPDate: August 29-September 2 Discount: 30 percent off purchases over $100; 20 percent off purchases over $49 in-store and onlineSHOP Date: August 29-September 2 Discount: 20 percent off purchases of $150+ in-store and onlineSHOPDate: August 30-September 2 Discount: 20 percent off purchases of $200 or more online and at participating boutiques Date: August 30-September 2 Discount: Buy 3 items and get 15 percent off or buy 5 items for 25 percent off. Offer valid on selected items, including some best-selling denim stylesSHOPDate: August 27-September 2 Discount: 40 percent off all sale styles using code: BYESUMMER SHOP Date: Now-September 2Discount: All pre-fall 40 percent off; Spring up to 70 percent off SHOPDate: August 30-September 4 Discount: 64 percent off sitewide SHOPDate: August 30-September 1Discount: 20 percent off sitewide SHOPDate: August 30-September 2 Discount: Spend $75, save 10 percent; Spend $125, save 20 percent SHOPDate: Now-September 2Discount: 60 percent off "Farewell Favorites"Date: August 29-September 2Discount: 30% off sitewide; 50 percent off Crème Contour Singles, Classic Icon Lipstick + Lip liner, KKW X Kylie; 60 percent off Ultra Light Beams, Juicy Gloss, Flashing Lights, Crème Contour Duos, Highlighter Palette, Glam Bible + Singles; 70 percent off Argenis Collection. *Some exclusions apply SHOP Date: August 30-September 2 Discount: Spend $60 get 15 percent off + choose 2 samples at checkout; Spend $80 get 20% percent off + choose 3 samples at checkout; Spend $100 get 25 percent off + GWP deluxe Hydra Mist using code: labordayglowSHOP Date: August 28-September 2 Discount: Enjoy $25 off when you spend $100+; If you spend $175+, you get a free full size of the NEW! Sea Lavender & Samphire Salt Scrub using code: LDW19SHOP Date: August 29-September 3 Discount: 20 percent off sitewide  SHOPDate: August 29-September 2 Discount: 15 percent off $50+ purchases in-store and sitewide; 25 percent off $100+ purchases in-store and sitewide; Free shipping for online orders $50+SHOPDate: Now-September 2 Discount: Hundreds of deals on home itemsSHOP Date: Now-September 2 Discount: Google Home - $50 off; Google Nest Hub - $50 off; Google Home Mini - $20 off; Google Smart Light starter kit - $20 off; Google Smart TV kit - $14 off SHOP Date: August 29-September 3Discount: 20 percent off sitewide, including rugs and pillows SHOP Date: August 28-September 3  Discount: 15 percent off orders $200+; 10 percent off orders <$200SHOPDate: August 29-September 2Discount: Take 25 percent off sitewide using code: LABORDAY25SHOPDate: August 29-September 2  Discount: 10 percent off sitewideSHOPDate: August 31-September 2Discount: 40 percent off wall hangings, art prints, tapestries, posters; 30 percent off comforters, duvets, shower curtains, framed prints + throw pillows; 20 percent off everything else. *Sale excludes sun shades.SHOPDate: August 25-September 8   Discount: 15 percent off mattresses and bedding using code: LD15SHOPDate: August 29-September 2Discount: 15 percent off originals of $1,000+ usingcode: LABOR15; 10 percent off all other originals using code: LABOR10; 20 percent off framed limited editions using code: LABOR20SHOPDate: August 26-September 3Discount: 15 percent off $200+ using code: TAKE15; 20 percent off $400+ using code: TAKE20; 25 percent off $1,200+ using code: TAKE25  SHOPDate: August 25-September 2  Discount: 20 percent off all American filled, assembled, or finished products (mattresses, duvet inserts, and pillows) using code: LABORDAY20SHOPDate: August 22-September 2  Discount: 20 percent off blue-light lenses using code: BLOCKBLUESHOPDate: August 22-September 3Discount: 20 percent off your entire Bear purchase using code: 20LD. Two free Cloud Pillows included with every mattress purchaseSHOPDate: August 18-September 2 Discount: Up to $500 off Surface Book 2; $200 off any Surface Pro 6 throughout September; Up to $300 off Surface Laptop 2 throughout SeptemberSHOPThis post will be updated as more sales become available.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			They're having a moment. For years I've maintained that animal print is the new black (it’s also definitely a neutral in my book). Now, I have designers on my side to back me up. For fall 2019, fashion houses like Saint Laurent, Proenza Schouler, and Phillip Lim all sent various animal prints down the runway, from leopard coats to zebra shoes. Though some designs are wild (pun intended), there is an easy way to rock the trend without looking too conspicuous at work: start with animal print boots. You'll get a taste and ideas of how to work the print into your everyday outfits without having to fully commit to a leopard-spotted coat. Shop the best animal print footwear of the season, below.  Even the cowboy boot can't escape being branded with zebra stripes. This one looks great with denim shorts for summer or even a pair of black leggings for fall, just to give your bottoms that fashion-girl touch.Diane Von Furstenberg brought it back to the '90s club scene with a chunky platform combat boot. A healthy dose of leopard print coats each shoe to give it an edgy standout feature. Style with long-sleeve floral maxi dresses for an unexpected fashion twist.Don't worry about aching feet with these boots—the two-inch heel provides comfortable support for your arches. Plus, the shaft is a little higher than other boots, making it suitable for those fall, even winter, temperatures—because, more leg coverage.I don't like to pick favorites, but this boot may be the one in my eyes. The pops of neon green surprisingly doesn't feel too overwhelming next to the black and white stripes. If you're looking for a new statement shoe for fall, this is my pick.Consider this the classic animal printed bootie you can wear every day for fall and winter. It'll look great with either cropped boyfriend jeans or tucked in skinnies. Feeling cozy? Style it under a knitted cashmere dress or with a comfortable denim jumpsuit.Want a designer's opinion on animal print? It's a do. Fashion house Gucci released this tiger stripe riding boot-inspired shoe just in time for fall. Wear under your plated skirts or tuck in a pair of  slightly baggy jeans for a more messy/slouchy look."How now brown cow?" (Sorry, I had to.) If cheetah or leopard spots aren't your cup of tea, give the cow print a try. I love this Ulla Johnson boot because of the chunky rounded-toe heel and ankle boot cut.This unique boot’s zebra stripes are made from a mixture of leather and suede, and hit mid-calf for a flattering fit underneath skirts or dresses. With a four-inch heel, however, you’re probably better off saving these for fancy after-work events or if you have a short commute to the office.Khaite combines two fall trends—the square toe and zebra print—into one with this knee-high boot. If you’re wondering do brown striped zebras even exist in the wild?, the answer, according to Google, is yes. I looked it up, you’re welcome. Wear with skinny blue jeans and a square-neckline top as a complement to the shoe’s silhouette.Instead of buying your usual pair of  black rain boots, brighten up your day with a leopard print. Hunter upgraded its original refined boot to this tailored Chelsea-cut style with a little heel and a cool blue tone.For a classic black-and-white zebra print, I recommend these Aquazzura booties. (FYI, Meghan Markle loves this brand.) The angular shaped collar (opening of the boot) and sleek soles give this shoe a sophisticated feel. These are perfect for wearing with your skinny jeans.This boot is a solid compromise between your favorite black bootie and the zebra stripe trend. It's mostly embellished with hardware with just a touch of the print on the toe strap. These details make the footwear the coolest of the bunch. We hope you never run into a leopard while hiking in the wild, but when there's a leopard on your shoe? Harmless. (Okay, not my best joke, I know.) Your sturdy fall boots suddenly look way cooler with a splash of this print. The skinny stripes on this boot makes you forget it's even an animal print. That, coupled with a cylindrical steel-like heel, gives it a fashun feel. Because of the high shaft, wear this underneath a leather skirt or dress to balance out the proportions.Dolce Vita won't ask you to choose between your love for spots and stripes—they just combined them into one shoe. This half-and-half bootie has a versatile almond shaped toe and a sturdy block heel for all your pumpkin patch picking festivities. A sunburnt zebra—that's what the pattern reminds me of. (No actual animals were used or harmed in the making of this FYI.) The pattern adds a nice little design to the otherwise classic stripe pattern. Style with a long cashmere cardigan and fitted tee.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I'm feeling Missy Elliott's Louis Vuitton jacket.It was quite a night at the 2019 VMAs with some fiery performances (hello, Shawn Mendes and Camila Cabello) and tearjerkers (Miley, we're here for you). The fashion can't be forgotten, either; celebrities wore their boldest outfits on the red carpet. Once the show wrapped up, some stars headed off to the after-parties. While celebs like Adriana Lima rolled up to Missy Elliott's party in the same look, others like Bella Hadid changed swiftly into a white crop tank and jeans. She wasn't the only one opting for comfort; Kaitlynn Carter and Miley Cyrus both matched in white tops and blue denim, while holding hands. Check out what everyone wore ahead.In Fashion Nova		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Fire.When it comes to the VMAs red carpet, there are no rules. You can wear everything from a Harajuku-inspired look to just sequins. It seems stars are following this anything-goes dress code for the 2019 award show. Celebrities like Taylor Swift is wearing a blazer dress while others like Keke Palmer have decided to go sheer. Of any event, naked dresses are perhaps the most expected for tonight's event. See some of the most eye-catching and head-turning naked outfits, ahead.In AadnevikIn Peter Dundas In a Yousef Aljasmi dressIn a Sally LaPoint dress, Christian Louboutin heels, Chopard jewelry		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Lizzo just walked her first VMAs red carpet and is 100 percent that bitch. Not only does she look stunning in a red sequined Moschino by Jeremy Scott dress with the word "SIREN" labeled all over it (because, yes, she's hot), she's also wearing a boa, a diamond necklace, and gives absolutely zero f*cks.The photographic evidence, which is all you really need:  A queen amongst us: Uh huh, honey. This has been your official Lizzo red carpet report. Nobody else matters.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Whoa, Taylor Swift.The 2019 VMAs (the show that brought us Miley's infamous twerking episode and Lady Gaga's meat dress) is tonight at the Prudential Center in Newark, New Jersey. The red carpet's already heating up with celebrities like Taylor Swift in a colorful blazer dress. She will open the show and other performers for the night include Camila Cabello, Lil Nas X, Lizzo, Big Sean featuring A$AP Ferg, and Shawn Mendes. As for the prestigious Video Vanguard Award, Missy Elliott will receive it. Before everyone hits the stage, however, check out what they wore on the red carpet. These are the best looks.Gigi in Tom Ford, Bella in Charlotte Knowles, Gianvito Rossi shoes, and Chrome Hearts jewelryIn BalmainIn a Dolce & Gabanna suit, YSL shoes, UNOde50 and David Yurman jewelryIn FendiIn custom Moschino by Jeremy Scott dress, Stuart Weitzman shoesIn Nicolas JebranIn a Sally LaPoint dress, Christian Louboutin heels, Chopard jewelryIn a Nedret Taciroglu dress, Lorraine Schwartz jewelry, Judith Leiber bagIn a Yousef Aljasm dressIn Peter Dundas In Sergio Hudson suit, Givenchy shoes, Pervis Ross jewelry, Heliopolis bagIn AadnevikIn Jimmy Choo shoesIn Mr TurkIn Nicola BacchilegaIn Stuart WeitzmanIn custom Burberry 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Finally, outfit ideas that involve a coat.In college, less was more when it came to Halloween. I would walk out in my fairy costume, which was just a sequin green minidress with wings, without a coat on, in 50 degree weather. It was either brave the cold or risk having a stranger spill jungle juice on my jacket, so I braved it. I survived all four years of wearing barely-there costumes, huddling with my friends as we waited for car rides to parties.Fast forward to post-college life and I can not imagine leaving my house on October 31 in anything other than my puffer coat. (If I leave the house at all. Grandma life is the best.) I now pick out my costumes based on the level of warmness it provides. A koala animal onesie? Very warm. A "sexy" Alice in Wonderland dress? Not so warm.Though I am tempted to dress up as a koala again, I do want to try a new costume this time around. Thus, I came up with several cute yet cozy and warm Halloween outfit ideas. The looks all center around a jacket or coat. If you hate the cold too, join me in staying covered up on Oct. 31.Channel Andy Scahs' laidback journalist vibes in a brown leather jacket, black turtleneck, and dark blue denim. If you've watched this movie a hundred times (no? just me?), then you know the outfit is an iconic representation of who Andy is pre, and even post, Miranda Priestly. Plus, the look gives you a reason to stay in your fall clothes in lieu of skimpier ensembles.Cole Haan moto jacket, $240SHOP ITWolsaba black turtleneck, $20SHOP ITEverlane jeans, $68SHOP ITChinese Laundry slouch boots, $73SHOP ITAldo messenger bag, $65SHOP ITThere's no one else that can rock furry outerwear like Kim K. She has since renounced wearing any real fur(we like the sound of that), though this outfit she wore to a Yeezy Season 3 show might be her most iconic yet. If you're really trying to live your best Kim K lifestyle, dropping $1k for an almost exact replica of her coat wouldn't be extreme, below.Paco Rabanne faux fur coat, $1,533SHOP ITFree People bodysuit, $30SHOP ITEndless Rose fringe skirt, $70SHOP ITFormer strip club employees come together to turn the tables on their rich Wall Street clients in Hustlers. Every outfit in this film is so over-the-top good, you'll find plenty of outfit inspo for Halloween. We particularly love J.Lo's rainbow-colored vest and python bag.Shein color faux fur vest, $29SHOP ITZ Supply crewneck top, $48SHOP ITLee ankle jeans, $98SHOP ITTimberland boot, $190SHOP ITOct. 31 has arrived and you need to whip up an outfit in a flash. Use Audrey Hepburn in Breakfast at Tiffany's for a quick outfit inspo. Toss on your trench coat, black dress, and black heels complete with a chignon that tops all other beehive hairstyles. PSA: You'll definitely need some kind of strong hairspray.London Fog trench coat, $119SHOP ITChelsea28 dress, $50SHOP ITTopshop pump, $45SHOP ITFor Julie Andrews' Mary Poppinsoutfit, all you need is a long navy coat, red stripe, scarf, and, of course, an umbrella. This will come in handy should it rain or drizzle on Oct. 31.Proenza Schouler navy trench, $239SHOP ITHalogen scarf, $35SHOP ITSole Society duffle bag, $70SHOP ITAtoful black umbrella, $9SHOP ITEven if you haven't watched the movie The Royal Tenenbaums,chances are you've seen this Gwyneth Paltrow look, especially around Halloween. Her character Margot, in the Wes Anderson film, wore this iconic outfit, which you can easily recreate with a few pieces.Avec Les Filles faux fur coat, $200 SHOP ITSaks Fifth Avenue cashmere gloves, $85 SHOP ITDasein satchel bag, $41 SHOP ITKate Middleton is the queen of outerwear and gravitates towards classic coats with peter pan collars or double-breasted button designs. Use Kate's feminine pink look from 2015 as inspiration for channeling your inner royal. Don't forget a matching fascinator.Sears pink coat, $47SHOP ITFree Yoka pink fascinator, $14SHOP ITSteve Madden pumps, $36SHOP ITDo you think Katniss Everdeen is afraid of the cold? Of course not, she has kickass leather jacket. Channel your own inner warrior with a similar look. One prop you definitely need in your costume? A bow and arrow.Guess faux leather jacket, $60SHOP ITJerzees gray tee, $17SHOP ITLevi blue jeans, $22SHOP ITBow & Arrows prop, $20SHOP ITTap into your villainous side for Halloween by channeling Cruella de Vil. If you get too warm in your furry white coat, take it off to reveal your black dress underneath. The best part is this cozy outerwear works as an everyday coat for winter too.Each x Other fur coat, $910 SHOP ITBoohoo black dress, $20 SHOP ITRed gloves, $8 SHOP ITWho could forget Meghan Markle's engagement photo call outfit? If you're a fan of the royal, you'll definitely want to re-create this special look—it was the first time the public saw her engagement ring.Club Monaco white trench coat, $129SHOP ITEliza J fit & flare dress, $128SHOP ITLulus beige lace-up heels, $44SHOP ITWilly Wonka and candy go hand in hand, so dress as this fictional character for Halloween. People won't expect this #throwback outfit and you might just win best dressed at the party. If not, drown your sorrows with a handful of Reese's Pieces.Purple velvet duster, $101 SHOP ITShein white pussybow blouse, $17 SHOP ITBrown top hat, $6 SHOP IT•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She was 59 years old. Cuban-American fashion designer Isabel Toledo has passed away at the age of 59, The New York Times reported. According to her husband, Ruben Toledo, her partner since high school, the cause of death was breast cancer.Unlike some of her designer contemporaries, Isabel stayed out of the spotlight, considering herself more of an "engineer" of clothing instead of a "fashion person," according to the Times' report. However, she made headlines when former First Lady Michelle Obama wore her lemon-yellow dress and coat for the 2009 inauguration parade. The designer called the moment an "amazing honor," per ABC News. The gravity of Barack Obama's Inauguration Day was not lost on her; she chose a bright lemongrass hue for Michelle's look because it was "optimistic, a color that represented change."Before Inauguration Day, Michelle wore one of Isabel's designs during a fundraiser at Calvin Klein's home in June 2008. She wore a breezy black tunic and palazzo pants at the time—an elegant contrast to her bright and citrusy Inauguration Day look. As the First Lady, Michelle once again wore Isabel's designs, this time in 2009 while visiting Queen Elizabeth II at Buckingham Palace. Isabel was born in 1960 in Camajuani, Cuba, and emigrated with her family, settling in New York in 1968, according to the NYT. After learning to sew at a young age, she studied at the Fashion Institute of Technology then transferred to Parsons School of Design. She left before graduation to intern with Diana Vreeland at the Costume Institute of the Metropolitan Museum of Art, according to the paper. In 1984, the same year she married Ruben, she debuted her eponymous fashion line.  In 2012, she published her autobiography, Roots of Style: Weaving Together Life, Love, and Fashion. In part of the book, she explains her process behind designing Michelle's now-famous inauguration look, which consisted of wool lace for the January weather. "We did not want Michelle to freeze," she wrote, according to an excerpt shared by Racked. "I wanted this coat to protect the First Lady, to comfort and hug her like a friend, while still allowing her relaxed body language to shine through and speak."  From: Harper's BAZAAR US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She'll make you want to buy everything from The Row.In a bi-weekly series, we're interviewing female executives, founders, CEOs—basically, boss ladies—on their "power suit" a.k.a. the outfit they wear every day for easy dressing to conquer whatever the job throws at them.It takes countless nights burning the midnight oil and tons of groundwork to get a new business up and running. Rati Levesque knows. She's lived through it. As chief operating officer of The RealReal—an online marketplace for pre-owned luxury items—and CEO Julie Wainwright's right hand woman, Levesque remembers the early days of getting into the consignment business. "Starting an online consignment business was exciting, [especially] where sustainability was concerned," Levesque tells me. "[Julie and I] worked long hours, we started at 6 a.m. and left around 10 p.m. or 11 p.m. every day. [We did everything] from getting the site up, to cataloging products, to calling friends and family in the beginning to get products. It was a rewarding process."Before joining The RealReal, Levesque owned a boutique and ran a consignment shop in the back of her store. She met Wainwright through friends and they hit it off. Wainwright had a hunch that the online consignment business was untapped and full of potential. She wanted Levesque to help her. "I thought, what a cool idea, no one is doing this online yet, and signed on. Two weeks later we were working in her house," Levesque recalls. The RealReal officially made its debut in 2011 and, since then, has accumulated more than 9 million members (full disclosure: I'm one of them) and about 2,000 employees worldwide, and has sold more than 8 million pre-owned luxury items from the likes of Chanel, Louis Vuitton, and Prada, to name a few. Some of those goodies from Levesque's closet herself—she consigns her own gems and some of her family's every other month. Levesque is also a frequent shopper of The RealReal (she's currently loving all the Bottega Veneta on the site).  I caught up with Levesque to chat about all things work, including her power outfit for the office. I even managed to fish out some quick tips for navigating The RealReal, so you find your favorite pieces and deals in a flash."I wake up and get some exercise in, whether that is running, going to the gym, or walking to the neighborhood park. This gives me the endurance and brain power that I need for the rest of the day. I have breakfast, get the kids ready for school, and walk them there. I'm lucky we're located centrally so we can all walk together. I then take the Muni into work." "Everything kind of meshes together for me when it comes to my work life and my home life. Meaning, I don’t have separate clothes I wear for work vs. home vs. [when I go out]. I'll usually wear flats or sneakers with a dress to go out in. My outfits are based on comfort since I walk to work—I keep a pair of heels in my bag—or am (usually) carrying my kids' backpacks. The weather plays a huge factor into how I dress, too, because it gets cold, even in the summer [in San Francisco], so I make sure I have a light jacket with me. We don't have much seasonality, it's constantly layers." "It depends what the trends are. I definitely use Instagram and friends for inspiration. [I look at] interior design images and the mood, rather than following specific influencers, because I feel more inspired by people when I know them. Personality has a huge affect on the way you're dressed and how that comes out. Right now, I am wearing more tops and bottoms than I did a year ago. I have a few more pantsuits and skirts in my wardrobe, too.I am a fan of The Row because it's comfortable and classic for work. I love Maryam Nassir Zadeh, too, because she has interesting picks and I like to discover emerging designers. I've been loving Prada and Bottega Veneta and are pairing them with more emerging pieces. I carry a Louis Vuitton shoulder bag, though I do not bring my laptop home every day; I have one for the office and one for home. [That gives me leeway to carry things like] this Prada mesh bag and a RealReal tote, which I put my lunch into. If I have time, I will slip on my go-to watch and some jewelry—I love Lizzie Fortunato and have a few pieces from her.The RealReal is definitely the place I shop most often for clothes, along with MatchesFashion and Net-a-Porter.  [Some of my favorite ways to shop The RealReal are] through our app or going to new arrivals and filtering by editor's picks. Those are curated with trends in mind by our merchants for our customers.""Classic, luxe with an unexpected twist.""As I am raising children, I think a lot about resilience and flexibility because those kind of qualities are important when you're wanting to do something different or, specifically, be happy in your career. It's really easy to get bogged down by people telling you 'no' or 'you have to do it this way,' so the resilience is really important." For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's great when royals like Kate Middleton and Meghan Markle step out in high street fashion brands that normals like us can afford, but sometimes royals have to dress the part in fancy designer gowns that those of us without royal bankrolls can't hope to own.One such look was the the stunning (and instantly-iconic) pink and purple Gucci gown that Kate Middleton, who is a patron of 100 Women in Finance's Philanthropic Initiatives, wore to a Gala Dinner in aid of Mentally Healthy Schools at the Victoria and Albert Museum in London in February.A reminder, in case the Disney princess-esque dress isn't just burned permanently in your brain: Earlier this month, the must-follow royal fashion Instagram account, @Regal_Replikate, shared an amazing find: An affordable replica of the Gucci gown.  @chichiclothing have a great #replikate for the Gucci dress worn by the #duchessofcambridge to the 100 Women in Finance gala last February. This dress has a similar silhouette and colour scheme, and swapping the pink ribbon for a burgundy one would make it look even closer to the original. Called “Chi Chi London Steffny Colour Block Dress, Mink”, available at @johnlewisandpartners and @nextofficial for £80.  #duchessofcambridge #royalstyle #lookforless #replikateA post shared by  Sophia (@regal_replikate) on Aug 7, 2019 at 2:28pm PDT"@chichiclothing have a great #replikate for the Gucci dress worn by the #duchessofcambridge to the 100 Women in Finance gala last February. This dress has a similar silhouette and colour scheme, and swapping the pink ribbon for a burgundy one would make it look even closer to the original. Called “Chi Chi London Steffny Colour Block Dress, Mink”, available at @johnlewisandpartners and @nextofficial for £80," @Regal_Replikate wrote.  The Chi Chi London version of Kate's dress is available from John Lewis & Partners for £80 (or about $98 in U.S. dollars). For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.subscribe here		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Kate Middleton is a staple at Wimbledon and royal fans look forward to watching the duchess watch tennis all year. They also look forward to watching what she'll be wearing for said watching. Yeah, I'm a little lost too. Sorry.The point is: People are obsessed with Kate's style year-round and her Wimbledon lewks are no exception. This summer, one of the Duchess of Cambridge's most stunning Wimbledon ensembles was the simple and elegant, white Suzannah dress she wore on the first day of the 2019 tournament. As Hello! Magazine notes, the dress was made in a midi style with contrasting black detail at the buttons, and Kate added a personal touch to the look by pairing it with a black statement belt and simple black pumps. Here's the ensemble, in case you've somehow forgotten it: Now, after weeks of waiting, Kate's white Suzannah Wimbledon dress is finally available to purchase—if you're the type who's willing and able to drop multiple thousands of dollars on a single dress, at least. The dress, known officially as the "Flippy Wiggle Dress," is available for pre-order (with six weeks of lead time) on Suzannah London's website and retails for a whopping £1,850 (which, if you're paying in U.S. dollars, translates to a little more than $2,270).  Anyone want to loan me like, two grand? Anyone? ...Bueller? For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.subscribe here		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"When I receive a box, it feels like my birthday."Don’t tell my boss, but on most work days I get out of bed, wash up, and log on to my computer in my pajamas. I work from home in case you haven't guessed. I'm also not a morning person. Even though I can be found in loungewear most days, I do love and enjoy fashion. Everyone likes to feel good about themselves, and there's a unique sense of confidence that comes with wearing an outfit that you know you look good in. With this in mind, I recently used the KonMari method to organize and clean out my closet, hoping to throw out the sweats I've been wearing since college and rediscover the casual summer dresses I've always loved. Instead of finding those forgotten pieces, I realized that even after I eliminated all the clothes that didn't spark joy, what I kept didn't make me happy either. But, for me, going shopping is no easy feat.  I was born prematurely and experienced complications at birth, which resulted in Cerebral Palsy (CP), so I'm a wheelchair user. I’m lucky if I can make it through the aisles and racks in a store, let alone to the dressing room to try on clothes. On more than one occasion, the supposed "wheelchair accessible" rooms were simply storage spaces for empty clothing racks and boxes of hangers. It's even harder to find dressing rooms with grab bars or a bench long and wide enough for me to comfortably sit on. This is just the beginning of why shopping for clothes in stores gives me anxiety.A few friends who had tried and loved Stitch Fix suggested I try the fashion subscription box method myself. I was intrigued by the idea of a stylist shopping for me and the freedom of trying on clothes at home, but I was also skeptical.  I was anxious about all of the little things that make my body different. I'm 4'11 and my muscles are visibly tighter than able-bodied people. This sometimes affects how clothes fit and look on me. Off-the-shoulder tops are hit-or-miss, usually misses, because the cut might make it difficult for me to roll my chair. Dress length matters because when I sit, dresses get shorter and I can't cross my legs. I would never even dream of trying on a romper, but that's not even a disability thing (how does one pee?). Could Stitch Fix's questionnaire really capture my style and needs? Would a stylist understand all the nuanced challenges I face getting dressed every day?I asked my friend Penny to help me fill out my profile so I didn't give the "wrong" answers. We tackled questions about proportion, fit, price, and weight, which was a difficult one. I have no idea how much I weight—seriously; accessible scales aren't a thing in most doctor's offices. It's gotten to the point where I'm not even offended by the idea of going to the vet and getting on a dog scale. I should be, but that's for another essay. My friends told me that the key to getting a good Fix is getting the right stylist. Well, my stylist's name is Ashley and I want to keep her forever and ever. I had been worried that the style quiz was just a marketing tool, but I feel like Ashley actually got me. My first Fix included a pair of minimally-distressed medium-wash jeans, a silver bracelet, a gray, slightly oversized cardigan, a white cotton-blend top with crochet details, and a bright floral print top. Admittedly, some of those picks sparked more joy in me than others, but I thought, this Stitch Fix thing just might work. I tried everything on with Penny's help. While guessing my weight was a step toward learning how to dress my body, we couldn't squeeze me into the minimally-distressed  jeans I loved—I had guessed my size wrong. The cardigan was tight in the arms, but I couldn’t exchange it because they were out of the size I needed. I kept the two tops. The crochet-detail top was a harder sell for me than a floral print because white scares me, but it hid my stomach—sitting in a wheelchair accentuates my belly—better than almost every other top in my closet, so I couldn't let it go.I sadly sent off my returns, but I felt armed with knowledge. Price does matter (I paid $64 for the magic abilities of that white top) and I told Ashley that any clothes with stretch are my friend. I was also as specific as possible with my feedback on style, fit, and an absolute need for a pair of distressed jeans in my life. I don’t have any real jeans in my wardrobe, just jeggings.My second Fix was even better than the first. I got a colorful striped dress and gray scoop neck top, a front-tie floral print top, a graphic knit top that said "Day Off," and dark-wash skinny jeans. No distressing to be found, but they were so soft that I didn't care. I was so excited to try it all on that I didn't even wait for someone to help me get dressed, which was a great way to test the items' accessibility, too. I was able to get everything on without trouble. Alas, the second time is never the charm, right? I didn't end up keeping the second pair of jeans because, although they were stretchy and comfortable, they were also too big. I also returned the front-tie top, which had too many buttons for me to fasten, but kept everything else.At this point, we can all agree that this story could be titled "Esme and Lightly Distressed Jeans: A Love Story"— right? I decided to increase my spending budget (changing my preferences from "the cheaper the better" to "$100 to $150") in most categories, especially for bottoms, to give Ashley a wider range of styles to choose from. I was curious to see if this would affect the quality and fit of the clothes I received.I didn't get the dress I was hoping for, but I got my jeans! Distressed skinny jeans from Pistola in a light wash. I also received an off-shoulder floral print top, a dark blue paisley printed dress, a simple gray scoop-neck top with some stripe detail, and a tan faux leather jacket—the statement piece I didn't know I needed. All of these were keepers.I started this piece in my PJs, wondering if Stitch Fix would work for me and other people with disabilities, and ended the experience with a makeshift photoshoot with friends by the water. The distressed jeans were the MVP of my closet, if you couldn't already tell from all my outfit snapshots.I'm not trying to claim my life has been changed overnight by Stitch Fix—I still get out of bed and work in my pajamas most days—but every time I get a box, it feels like my birthday. I like that Stitch Fix is a collaborative shopping process (the key to making it work for me is being honest with Ashley and making sure she's implementing my feedback), which invites everyone, including the disabled community, into the style conversation. I now have a wardrobe that I feel good in and, more importantly, I've eliminated any anxiety and body-shaming experiences of in-store shopping from my life. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Hot. Girl. Summer.Ever since the heartbreak heard round the world, a.k.a. the split between Katie Holmes and Jamie Foxx, the bad news keeps coming. We just learned, for example, that the couple has been over since MAY (also the same month as their Met Gala debut, where they looked so relaxed and happy. Excuse me, I need a minute). It puts quite a different spin on the last couple of months, in which Kate has been quietly, unfussily going about her summer. But, now that we know what we know, some of her recent fashion choices make a lot more sense, as does her recent exploration of her own kind of Hot Girl Summer. Katie Holmes—secret bombshell? Yes please! Let's look at her sexy evolution post-split. Katie starts to dial up the sultry: attending the Met for their Spring Gala, she pairs a verrry relaxing yellow floral dress with surprisingly sexy D&G booties: Katie absolutely stuns in a strapless Missoni ballgown. Red carpet appearances aren't all that common for her, and this would have been her first since the (secret) split, which might be why she looks extra sparkly. Whoa! Katie dials it up a notch in Ulla Johnson overalls sans top and an open back. And she. Is. Crushing. It. Amid the summer heat, Katie keeps it cool and flirty in a floral Ulla Johnson dress that's still shoppable: Katie's now an expert at combining romantic with sexy—especially with this floral dress with surprise cutouts.  Thank you @zimmermann and @mcarfrae for a beautiful time 💕A post shared by  Katie Holmes (@katieholmes212) on Jun 28, 2019 at 11:48am PDTKatie was at Disneyland Paris, wearing something that might have looked twee but instead looks mega-sexy, with a tie-up back that shows off her toned back. Thank you Disneyland Paris for having me for the Lion King & Jungle book festival opening. Such a dream and an amazing moment.  #disneylandparis #DisneyWildFestival #LionKingA post shared by  Katie Holmes (@katieholmes212) on Jun 29, 2019 at 12:31pm PDTAnd in this case with an off-the-shoulder look, there are literal flames behind her.Hello, crop top. Katie looks amazing, and is clearly feelin' herself.  🌞A post shared by  Katie Holmes (@katieholmes212) on Jul 6, 2019 at 2:05pm PDTAnother sexy post, as Katie shows off a little leg—eat your heart out, Jamie.  🌻A post shared by  Katie Holmes (@katieholmes212) on Jul 7, 2019 at 10:24am PDTWHOA. Katie posts a whole series of photos on her Instagram that are just oh-so-sultry, with incredible bedhead. Several of the photos are of her in a corset. She looks amazing—and totally fearless.  📸 @djquintero  Grateful to work with @genevieveherr and @sergenormant and @djquintero ❤️A post shared by  Katie Holmes (@katieholmes212) on Jul 10, 2019 at 8:33am PDT Grateful to work with @djquintero @sergenormant @genevieveherr ❤️ 📸 @djquinteroA post shared by  Katie Holmes (@katieholmes212) on Jul 10, 2019 at 8:31am PDTKatie wears high-waisted jeans like a pro as she cuddles up to a good (and very long) book in a local store.  Finding treasures in this used bookstore....#proust #summerreading 💕A post shared by  Katie Holmes (@katieholmes212) on Aug 15, 2019 at 10:45am PDTLook at that split on her striped dress! You're killin' it, Katie. Katie is all kinds of happy and relaxed in a Meghan Markle-approved brand of Veja sneakers. This was right after the split news broke, and she's clearly not letting it get her down at all. Katie rocks a frickin' crop top (photos here) while walking around with daughter Suri Cruise. It's her sexiest outfit yet! I love this for her—get it, girl. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.subscribe here		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			So chic. So inefficient. For anyone who isn't old like me: "Sunglasses at Night" was a really popular song that almost immediately turned into a joke, because, don't wear sunglasses at night unless you want to get into an accident? But now, Gigi Hadid has completely laughed in the face of that sentiment and was spotted driving yesterday wearing what has to be the most intriguing mix of fashion statements I've ever seen: retro tortoise-shell oval sunglasses (at night! while driving!) plus a baby blue crushed velvet scrunchie (so vintage and practical!). Gigi, you have officially broken all the style rules, but somehow you're making it work. From what we could see (there weren't any full-body shots), Gigi rounded out the look with a beige cardi, white tee, and chunky gold jewelry. If you looks closely in the back, you can see former Bachelorette star-turned celebrity Tyler Cameron in the passenger seat. Tyler-Gigi (Giler? Tygi? Camdid? Hamron? I'll work on their relationship name.) is still the relationship of summer, guys. And we might see them next at the VMAs. The sunnies are Velvet Canyon Zou Bisou sunglasses, still available in black and in a cream tortoiseshell (although not the original, darker tortoiseshell that Gigi's currently sporting.)Gigi loves a good pair of sunglasses, and can essentially pull of any shape and size (those model genes are definitely working for her). But these I love just a little extra for their chunky, vintage feel. Recently she stepped out in a similar shape, albeit with a white acetate frame and with a slightly less cat-eye. So in case anyone was curious, Gigi has made it official. Oval frames are BACK (thank you, '90s style!). So break out that old pair—I definitely still have mine‚or splurge for a new pair like hers. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.subscribe here		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Does anyone actually know what this means?I love dress codes. The more specific my friends are about what I should wear to their events or parties, the better. It saves me from having to make grown-up decisions for myself. You can understand  my frustrations, then, when I receive an invitation that ambiguously reads, “cocktail attire required.” While I have a vague sense of what this indicates (a black minidress?), I don’t quite understand how to shop for it. Is it taboo to wear gowns? Are pants appropriate? How fancy do I need to be? Better yet, how casual?The idea of "cocktail dresses" first originated in a 1927 issue of Vogue and the style was defined as "a short dress that is suitable for formal occasions," i.e. something sophisticated that you can also let loose in. The lexicon has appropriately evolved over time and now cocktail attire is a little more forgiving, with jumpsuits and blazers also qualifying for the occasion.It is possible, however, to be too formal, so leave the gowns at home. And spruce plainer outfits up with statement accessories: sparkly jewelry, a feathered clutch, etc. As for shoes, you can wear heels (kitten or otherwise), though polished flats or strappy sandals will do too. Still feeling confused? Take the quiz, below, and snag some real-life ensemble inspiration. Then, shop a few of my favorite pieces of cocktail attire. You're ready to party!Not only did fashion It Girl Alexa Chung follow the short-dress rule, but she defined it with her own style. Instead of wearing a garment that was tight or sultry, she went for a feminine piece with decorative florals and a quaint little bow. The metallic material and cage heels give the outfit its party-ready stamp.Follow Alexa's lead and slip into this metallic floral pleated dress. The bubble skirt keeps the piece feeling youthful while the cutout in the back gives it a more daring element. This cocktail mini will look great with barely-there heels. When I think of cocktail party–appropriate pantsuits, I immediately picture a sleek and clean blazer with matching trousers. Enter Kourtney Kardashian with her plunging neckline. The oversize fit and tapered pants are sexy without exposing too much. (Though, if you're going to a party that is a little more conservative, you might opt to wear a silk camisole underneath your blazer.) Accessorize with a pair of heels.This single-button blazer comes in a classic silhouette for all your work functions. It's great to have as a spare piece for when you're dashing from the office to an after-work event. Just swap your blouse for a sequin tank top or a bodysuit like this one.If you're going to wear a black blazer to a cocktail event, you'll need a pair of black bottoms to match. This one has stretch in the fabric, so you can load up on the hor d'oeuvres without feeling any pinches at the waistline. Fancy, elaborate gowns like this are best saved for galas and occasions that require a strict and formal dress code. There's no need to be this extra because at a cocktail party, you simply want to move from the dance floor to the bar easily without having to pick up your dress's train. Or, is this just me?Instead of a velvet gown, opt for this simple yet fashionable velvet spaghetti strap dress. The back dips low for a little sex appeal. It's undeniably beautiful in the most understated way. You'll find many women choose neutral or dark colors for cocktail parties since they're easy to wear, but give brighter garments a try. I recommend using Emma Roberts' Vanity Fair outfit as inspiration. The cap sleeve red minidress is eye-catching and bold. Her shoes match the dress perfectly. And a red lip seals the deal. Roberts' party attire is proof red on red on red is a powerful ensemble.If you plan on standing out at the cocktail event (e.g. you're the host) then red is the way to go. Everyone's eyes will be drawn to you because of the bold hue as you make your rounds to say hello. To tone it down, simply throw a blazer over your shoulders. Yara Shahidi masters the quintessential cocktail look: the little black dress. The LBD works especially well for company parties or your friend's last-minute birthday celebration. Make your dress stand out with a statement shoe. Shahidi chose a cutout stud embellished heel, but you can go for something feathered or colorful, like this Sam Edelman red pump.The LBD that's short and sweet. From the bows at the shoulders to the formfitting cut, all the details have a feminine finish. Post event, repurpose this dress as a girl's night out number or for date night with the beau. A cocktail party isn't the place to flash your bralette and abs. Save the NSFW outfits when you're at a bachelorette party or on vacation.Want something sparkly, like that top the VS model wore? Give this sequin wrap dress a spin. It's shimmery, though not in an in-your-face kind of way thanks to the neutral tones. Cocktail attire has widened beyond the scope of just dresses. Jumpsuits, like this satin emerald-colored option Blake Lively is wearing, work when the fabric is fancy and the look, rich. We also recommend black one-pieces with cutouts or sequins. Switch it up at your next office party with a jumpsuit.This jumpsuit has it all: ruffles, a bow-tie shoulder, side cutouts, and culotte-style pant legs. Though the pastel color is perfect for cocktail hour in the summer, you can wear this in the winter with a furry white or brown coat.You want to above baring too much at the party. Tiny skirts and barely-there tops, even when worn under a blazer, aren't the appropriate pieces for a cocktail party where you might run into your boss or worst, your boss's boss. Even if the invite list is friends-only, these pieces don't bring the level of sophistication a semi-formal event demands.Though this printed dress is slightly longer than most cocktail dresses, it's still suitable for the occasion. The bright color and whimsical pattern is great for an outdoor cocktail party in the summertime, so keep this in your closet for seasons to come. Make it even more formal with strappy sandals and sparkly jewels.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			They'll fit your laptop, water bottle, and snacks, and look good doing it. Our work totes take a beating during the work week. They're crammed with laptop, chargers, and other miscellaneous objects. Thrown on the floor by our chairs. Pelted by the rain as we commute in to work. Thus, when it's time to finally replace our beloved tote, it can be hard to let go. When you're ready to start looking, however, there are tons of brands that make beautiful work-appropriate tote bags. But if your search hasn't turned up any winners, you may also want to check Amazon—the hidden gem of work totes. Of course, you'll need to dig through the mehhhs to get to the good ones, which we have found ahead. One of the next 12 work totes will win your heart, and laptop, over.This structured bag fits everything from your laptop to a small pup, if your office is dog-friendly. (One reviewer uploaded pics for proof.) The most exciting feature of the tote, though, is the external USB, which allows you to quickly recharge your phone when you're bouncing between meetings. Buy a bag for yourself and one for your work wife.For the earth-conscious shoppers out there, here's a vegan tote to carry all your precious belongings. This bag does have a faint new-smelling odor, as some buyers have reported, but leave it out to air and it should be fine. The tote comes with a detachable coin pouch to hold all your smaller miscellaneous items in. If you dislike the maroon, it comes in three other colors.Bookworms will love this whimsical tote from Kate Spade New York. It's functional yet stylish thanks to the graphic design, making it a stand out piece at the farmer's market or in the office. Stuff it with your latest novel (we're currently reading Mrs. Everything) or load it up with snacks for a summer picnic. This reversible work tote reigns supreme, with over 1,000 comments raving about the quality and size of the bag. The faux leather tote looks like the real thing and holds up well for travels. In fact, one reviewer wrote it looks better over time with use. (Magic?!) What it can hold: laptop, chargers, wallet, a kindle, earphones, office shoes, and a snack.The main compliments on this tote center on it being a good option for working/pumping moms. On the weekdays, it can hold all your office gear and on the weekends, it turns into a cute functional diaper bag. The lightweight bag can also be easily cleaned with a wipe, perfect for moms running around with little ones. One con to note are the straps, which might dig into your shoulders should the bag become too heavy. This canvas tote comes in three colors, though I like this white, navy, and black combination the best. It's lightweight, sturdy, and can be rolled up and packed into a suitcase, unlike leather totes. This is the casual bag you bring to work on Fridays when you know you have a flight to catch. It can hold up to a 15-inch laptop and has extra interior pockets inside for chargers and other miscellaneous objects.Unlike the previous canvas tote, this one has a gray background with white and gray stripes. The tonal color makes it easy to match with clothing and because of the hue, makes it a suitable summer work bag. Reviews have been largely positive, ranging from "not too big or too small" to "very stylish and love that it is waterproof." It can fit a Macbook Pro 13 inch with a hard case shell, chargers, and more.This tote bag comes in five different colors, so if you're not looking for a basic neutral, try the burgundy color. It's still versatile but will add that rich hue to warm up your outfits. One fan wrote, "I was very impressed with the quality. The two tone is a nice accent, along with the flower print on the inside. This is the perfect size for my laptop and many other items to and from work...Also, the zipper pouch is another great feature, along with the two inside pockets. I have already recommended this to my coworkers."Multi-purposes totes are a win-win in my book. This one can easily hold your groceries from the farmer's market and with a quick wash, turn into a simple tote bag for work. There's room to hold all your necessities and according to some fans, it is thick and sturdy. However, the quality seems to vary with each purchase, so double check to make sure yours is on par. If not, simply return. This bag comes with two straps, one woven and one leather. You can switch it up depending on your mood. For work, opt for the leather piece for a polished look. On the weekends, switch to the woven one for more of a boho vibe. This bucket shape is a nice change from the traditional square style and can still hold just as much. If you're not completely sold on it, just read this review: "This purse is perfect. I bought it to give as a gift for Christmas, but I can't bear to give it away. I can picture it as my go-to bag this summer with a flirty sundress and a floppy straw hat."Your bag-lady tendencies will disappear in an instant with this spacious tote. The accessory comes with a middle pouch, which serves as a divider between two compartments, providing even more pockets to stuff things into. Pros: this bag holds a lot. Cons: the mint or pen you dropped in there a week ago has disappeared into the void.  This bucket tote comes in seven different colors and contains an inner zipped pouch that can be easily removed. The single-strap bag can definitely fit a laptop and a book or two. Fans love that the tote is affordable but still of amazing quality. Some have remarked, however, that there is a cowhide smell, but airing it out for 24 hours should do the trick. •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Yesterday, Meghan Markle paid a secret visit to Smart Works, one of the charities she's patron of. The Sussex Royals account subsequently shared an adorable video that details Meghan's work on the capsule collection she's creating to benefit the charity—Meghan is clearly delighted (as are the participants, who look like they might faint at the sight of a real princess who comes bounding up to hug them). Even better, thanks to some eagle-eyed fans who managed to get screenshots, we may know some of the items in the collection before anything is officially revealed. Speculation started months ago about what the collection could look like, but now we have firmer details. There looks to be at least one tote (maybe two) that's very reminiscent of Meghan's much-loved Everlane day tote. One of the models is in a pretty black dress with 3/4 sleeves, and one of the photos from the collection shows a (potentially) collared shirt and black pants. Meghan's Mirror also spotted a black blazer in there, too. It looks like the absolutely perfect combination of outfits to get someone started with posh workwear—which of course is the point, as Smart Works is designed to support women into employment. Meghan said in the September British Vogue she guest-edited that she worked with "Marks & Spencer, John Lewis & Partners, Jigsaw and my friends, the designer Mischa Nonoo" on the collection. Even better, it sounds like the shoppable collection will have a positive impact. "Taking the idea further, many of the brands agreed to use the one-for-one model: for each item purchased by a customer, one is donated to the charity. Not only does this allow us to be part of each other’s story, it reminds us we are in it together."As for her own outfit, Meghan was likely wearing some of her favorite rings, the Pippa Small "Durga" and maybe the "Herkimer." She also had on a casual, roomy blue and white linen shirt that, according to Meghan's Mirror, was the Frank and Eileen "Eileen" shirt, similar styles here and here (a cheaper version is available by With Nothing Underneath in select sizes, found by HELLO!). Here's the sneak peek video from the Sussex Royal Instagram: We love this video of Meghan, making a surprise visit to Smart Works charity ahead of the launch of a new capsule collection to empower disadvantaged women entering work 👑👏🏼 📸: @sussexroyalA post shared by  HELLO! Magazine (@hellomag) on Aug 21, 2019 at 1:58pm PDTAnd here are some screenshots of the collection from that video.  We'd be willing to bet that a 3/4 sleeve black dress will  also make an appearance in the collection... 😉 Meghan was spotted in the video helping to style this look. It looks fabulous on the model, and we love the rolled sleeve detail. pic.twitter.com/Hlu7TU81sOAnd we're also guessing we'll see a black blazer, white dress shirt and black trousers based on this sublime capture of a still from the shoot. It really looks like it will be a great workwear capsule collection! (Thx @ufonomore for the screengrabs!) pic.twitter.com/cELWMXpLcdI love this ALMOST as much as Meghan. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.subscribe here		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Equal parts fashion and function, leather slip-ons work hard for your wardrobe.Loafers' longevity (the first pair dates back to 1936) is a true testament to their reliability in both comfort and style. Pair a classic option with your weekend wardrobe, or build out your night look with an edgy version emblazoned with hardware or studs. The beauty of the loafer? It's ever-changing. Every year manages to serve up new heel heights, fun trims, and innovative embellishments, which means you’ll never tire of this style staple. Here, New York City podatrist Emily Splichal, explains why loafers are worth your hard-earned money.Marie Claire: What makes loafers a sound investment? Emily Splichal: Loafers provide a great way to add style to an outfit without compromising foot comfort and function. Footwear designers are creating a wide variety with great details. It’s easy to have multiple loafers that pair with business or casual wear. They’re also the perfect shoe for a little extra arch support. Because they’re flat, loafers typically match the natural shape of the foot. MC: Have you seen a shift in your clients choosing loafers over heels? ES: With a rise in minimal footwear choices like loafers, people are becoming much more educated about the importance of foot health. For those who absolutely love a certain style of shoes, it doesn’t hurt to get a couple pairs and alternate them.Shop our favorite new releases, below.•••This story appears in the September 2019 issue of Marie Claire.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Please bury me with them.In our biweekly series, editors share "the item they wear to death," whether it be a basic white tee or a super-trendy jumpsuit. Prepare yourself (and your credit card) for some guilt-free shopping.Hi, my name is Jenny, and I lose things. When I completed graduate school, my parents gave me a diamond necklace, and then promptly took it back to keep it in a safe "until you can take care of it." (I turn 30 next year and the verdict is that I'm still not there yet.) I lose wallets, keys, shoes, iPads. One time, I lost my own eyelashes. (A stovetop accident. It's not a good story.) I cannot be trusted with any object I don't affix to my body every single day, so jewelry of the "special occasion" variety is out of the question. After a quarter-century of losing pieces I couldn't keep on my person at all times, I found the solution: My beloved Catbird stacking rings.The beauty of these rings? They go with everything. You can wear them every day. I wear between three and seven daily. (Even Meghan Markle loves them!) They're delicate, subtle, and built to layer—you can wear six on a single finger and not feel weighed down. You can pair them with statement jewelry and a gown for a wedding, with ripped shorts and string bracelets for a festival, or on their own for the office. They never, ever fade or leave marks on your finger. And you can add to your collection anytime, like with this petite and affordable $44 gold chain ring, or this $238 hanging diamond ring as a treat-yourself birthday gift. (A note: Catbird makes its own jewelry and curates other women-led brands', so some of its pieces are from other brands, like Wwake.)To illustrate just how much I love Catbird rings, here's a short story: A couple of years ago, I broke up with a boyfriend who had bought me a gorgeous emerald The Tiniest Ring. As I wandered around his apartment, sobbing, tossing dusty serums and tank tops in a trash bag, I decided to leave the ring behind as a symbol—he had gotten it for me during a happier time; it wasn't right to keep it. I couldn't look at it the same way, I decided. "You left your ring," he texted later. "Do you want me to mail it?" No, I told him, melodramatically. I could never take it back. Flash-forward to a couple of months later, when I was feeling much better about the breakup and significantly sadder about the ring. We decided to go for a walk in Central Park, talk about what went wrong, build some bridges, figure out if we could be friends. "Before you leave," I texted hurriedly. "Could you bring my ring?" "Yes," he replied, without commenting further, God bless him.To this day, I still wear that ring. It wasn't ruined for me, after all. Quite the opposite: I love that ring. Not as a symbol of my independence or anything, but, um, just because I...like to look at it. At any given time I'll have my eye on a new stackable ring. (Right now, it's the Three-Step White Diamond Triangle Ring. Hi, Mom. Christmas is coming, Mom.) Whenever something new to celebrate rolls around—a birthday! a promotion! a bonus!—the first thing I do is march into Catbird and treat myself to the ring I've had my eye on.  Some days, while sliding my rings onto my fingers and smiling dumbly at them, I thank my lucky stars I moved to America (I grew up in England). The sandwiches are better here. I've learned about something called "biscuits," which did not fit my definition of a "biscuit." Also: Catbird.    Ahead, I put together a list of the most gorgeous Catbird gold rings I could find. This was a tough task, obviously, and if you want to thank me by getting me one, my mailing address is—[Editor's note: redacted.]For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.subscribe here		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			For a limited time only, Anthropologie is turning our retail dreams into a reality by offering an extra 30 percent off its home and clothing sale sections. Whether you’re in the market to add a bohemian-style couch to your new apartment or get a head-start on your fall shopping, you can do it at a discount. For inspo, we’re sharing some of our favorite sale picks, below. $80$49.95Just because the season’s almost over doesn’t mean you can’t take your summer style to the next level. This texture cami will look great with denim shorts, but you can also layer it under a jean jacket come fall. $148$99.95We spend a lot of time scouring Anthropologie’s site and can safely say it’s not every day we find a fabulous piece of furniture here for under $100.$140$89.98As far as we’re concerned, a sweet sundress can withstand the test of time. Whether you wear this to Sunday brunch with friends or a  laidback wedding reception, you’re bound to get a lot of compliments with this swoon-worthy style. $48$29.95Behold: A housewarming present your BFF will actually use. $140$79.95Since shorts season is on its way out, it’s time to pick up a great pair of pants. This striped style from Pilcro and the Letterpress will transition nicely from the office to a post-work dinner with friends. $120$69.95Want to elevate your after-hours wardrobe, but aren’t into dresses? Let this tunic do the legwork for you. It’s a cute alternative to a silky blouse, plus it will work nicely with trousers or a pencil skirt. $498$299.95This velvet chair is both stylish and affordable. $88$49.96Not only will this knit be the perfect layer come fall, but it’s also lightweight, so you won’t burn up during a warm spell. $98$59.95Sometimes the best sale steals are simple staples. You can wear this versatile blouse practically anywhere. $12$9.95These goldsweep knobs will add a DIY-approved punch to your drawers.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Get all of the Duchess of Sussex's chicest looks—from her pre-royal life to her appearances with Prince Harry. It's not every day you marry a prince, and even rarer to posses a natural style so chic you glide effortlessly though royal life. While we love her sister-in-law Kate Middleton's classic aesthetic, Meghan Markle's outfits take a much more modern approach—giving us the sartorial envy we crave and the inspo we need to upgrade our closets. Even though Markle's style has evolved some as she's made her way from girlfriend to duchess, a couple things are certain: Her wardrobe is uniquely her and a true representation of fashion's storytelling power. Check back often to track Meghan's fashion journey, and shop her chicest looks for yourself,  ahead.When: July 14, 2019 What: The Lion King premiere in London. The Look: Meg wore a Jason Wu dress with sheer long sleeves, Nikos Koulis earrings, and a Gucci Broadway clutch.When: July 13, 2019 What: Meghan attended Wimbledon with Kate Middleton and Pippa Middleton. The Look: A white button-down shirt and a Hugo Boss Vesplisa pleated skirt. When: July 4, 2019 What: Meghan made a surprise appearance at Wimbledon. The Look: A pair of blue skinny jeans, a simple black vest top, a black-and-white pinstripe blazer by L’Agence, a Madewell hat, and a necklace with the letter "A" for Archie.When: May 6, 2019 What: Meghan and Harry's first photo call with baby Archie. The Look: The Duchess chose to wear a white Grace Wales Bonner dress and Manolo Blahnik pumps. When: February 25, 2019 What: Harry and Meghan attend their royal tour in Morocco. The Look: A blue Carolina Herrera dress. When: February 25, 2019 What: Harry and Meghan attend their royal tour in Morocco. The Look: A high-low black pleated Loyd Ford dress with a white blazer. When: February 19 What: Meghan's bridal shower in NYC. The Look: A William Vintage Courrèges Haute Couture coat, a pair of black slim cut jeans, her Solange Azagury Partridge Love Ring, a gray tote, a pair of beige Stuart Weitzman suede heels, and Le Specs sunglasses.When: February 7 What: Meg and Harry had a date night at the Endeavour Fund Awards. The Look: A white Givenchy blouse with a black pencil skirt. When: February 1, 2019What: Meghan and Harry visited Bristol to tour the Bristol Old Vic—the world's oldest working theatre—and attend a series of events throughout the day. The Look: The Duchess wore a chic Oscar de la Renta chiffon dress (that has a unicorn on it!) underneath a William Vintage black coat with a pair of olive Sarah Flint "Marina" boots that I will be buying asap. She carried a Ralph Lauren bespoke green suede clutch. When: January 30, 2019What: Meghan visited the National Theatre wearing a nude outfit.The Look: She chose a Brandon Maxwell blazer and dress from the designer's SS'19 collection, Aquazzura Matilde pumps (one of her favorite shoes), and a Carolina Herrera clutch. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Despite reports that Katie Holmes and Jamie Foxx have broken up (we're just a little sad), Holmes isn't hibernating at home and hiding from the public. Instead, she's kept up with her daily routines like walking around NYC, and even found time to photograph some street art. Holmes was accompanied by her adorable dogs and daughter Suri on her most recent walk as the pair spent some time together outdoors.For a relaxed vibe—as one does when they're hanging out with their kids—Holmes wore a gray t-shirt, which she tucked into a pair of blue straight leg jeans. Her hair was piled up into a loose bun and she wore a simple gold necklace and sunglasses as her accessories. The only splash of color came from her sneakers, a cool pair of purple and orange tone kicks from a Madewell x Veja collaboration.  The sneakers added a little something-something to Holmes' jeans and tee look. And, the footwear appears to be a popular color as it's almost sold out on Madewell's website. The brand, too, is a hit with celebrities, especially Meghan Markle. The royal was spotted in the $150 kicks while watching the Invictus Games last year with Prince Harry. Since Veja sneakers are both Meghan- and Katie-approved, I guess I'll be buying a pair. Now...what color should I get?For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			No, that's not a typo. We've been thinking about it the entire summer: The stylish, swishy silhouette. The buttery silk fabric. The hemline that hits just below the knee. Yes, we're talking about the leopard midi skirt that's been all over your Instagram feed.  As this summer's unofficial It skirt, it feels like every stylish woman has rocked this leopard midi. But for as in-demand as this wardrobe staple is, it can be tricky to find an option that looks great without breaking your budget...or so we thought. A brand called Go-Samsara Silk Skirts is selling a leopard midi on Amazon for $25. Let that sink in for a second.  Not only will this mid-calf hemline, with its flattering shape, look good on practically everyone, but the leopard print can act as a statement piece or a neutral depending on how you style the skirt, making it incredibly versatile, too. Concerned you'll feel too restricted? Don't worry: Go-Samsara's skirt has an elastic waistband, which means you shouldn't have too much trouble ordering sizes.  Had to jump on the leopard print midi skirt train 🚂 I’ve been wearing this thing constantly! . . . . #brooklynblogger #nycstyle #nycblog #brooklynblog #acolorstory #makelifebeautiful #springstyle #liveauthentic #springoutfit #ootd #wiwt #ootdblogger #bohostyle #petitestyle #americanstyle #styleinspo #pursuepretty #darlingdaily #cjlagirls #leopardmidiskirt #leopardskirtA post shared by  Abby 🎉🌟🤗 Seattle Blogger (@abby.formella) on Jun 14, 2019 at 6:45am PDT Happy Friday!✨ So happy to be back in my favorite place doing allllllll the podcast networking🙌🏻 Got here late last night. Spent the morning at #bevhillshotel for breakfast and coconut milk lattes. And pictures, duh. I’ll never get sick of it here. Now we’re off to something I’ve NEVER done- we’re doing the #warnerbrothers studio tour...CENTRAL PERK👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼 So many fun things planned for this trip. Business, pleasure, low key, high key, everything.  ___ Love getting messages from you guys, it makes me so happy. Between being here and connecting with all of you, I’m really just in such a good place right now.🖤 Be sure to follow my personal account @annameesh for more stories of my trip! XOA post shared by  THE ENOUGH PODCAST🎙 (@theenoughpodcast) on Jul 19, 2019 at 1:01pm PDT The first step for shifting into a transeasonal wardrobe is with footwear (lol see what I did there?) 👠👢👡 I am sooo excited for boot season to return! Another great way to transition your wardrobe is with darker prints (ex: leopard) and to play with necklines (ex: this cropped mock-neck). Full blog post on this to come!💫A post shared by  Kendall Becker (@kendall_becker) on Aug 8, 2019 at 10:43am PDTWhile plenty of brands are selling this ultra-trendy piece for nearly $100—sometimes, even more—Go-Samsara's option is a steal. Let's be honest: You've probably spent more than $25 on dinner or an Uber to work. Whether you pair it with a button-down top for the office, a jean jacket during happy hour with your friends, or a silky black cami for date night, one thing's for sure: You don't want to pass on this skirt. Shop more Amazon Fashion sales with Slick Deals.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Who needs jeans?You may well have noticed the internet's obsession with leggings, especially pairs you can get on Amazon. If you're wondering what's going on, we dove a little deeper to find out. Turns out, the giant e-comm retailer offers a mammoth of styles and colors at every price point. To narrow down the good selections from the average Joes, we combed through the most highly-reviewed pairs with four-star ratings and above. We inspected the comments, too, just to double check they lived up to buyers' expectations. Below, the 13 best pairs to shop on Amazon.With over 7,000-plus reviews, fans collectively agree that these leggings are super "flattering" and "buttery soft." They're comfortably high-waisted and hit right at the ankles. For those worried about the one-size option (there's also a plus size option), one reviewer wrote, "The quality of these leggings exceed the price. I was worried about them being one size, but they fit me perfectly. All in all I'd say these are a steal for what you pay.." These everyday leggings are made from a heavy fabric to prevent any visible underwear lines and will keep you warm once the fall weather arrives. It seems the quality of the leggings might vary from pair to pair as some found the color to fade after a few washes while others reported that it's the best pair of leggings they've found so far.If you want an extra layer under your skirts and maxi dresses for fall, consider layering up with these capri bottoms. It has over 2.7k reviews and a 4.5 star rating out of five—not too shabby. One fan wrote, "love how they fit and the fabric feels delicious," a sentiment shared by multiple customers. These $11 leggings have spawned two articles and 11,180 customer reviews (three-quarters of which are five-star), so in short—amazing. The athelsiure leggings come in 43 different colors and have been described as soft, stretchy, and opaque. One reviewer even wrote, "I swear, they feel like they were made out of holy clouds. I put them on and it feels like a heavenly host of angels are hugging my butt." Consider me a believer. For leggings you want to wear to yoga or Pilates, scoop up this pair of bottoms from IUGA. The material stretches and shapes to your body, and the waist fit comes just under your belly button, so it's not constricting you in. This legging even comes with three pockets (!) to hold your stuff in. Crucial if you don't want to carry a bag to your workouts. You may even find yourself slipping into these babies on days you don't have yoga.One consistent piece of feedback for these leggings? Their magical abilities to "remove tummy bloat" and "suck the belly in" without causing pain or discomfort. They're recommended for curvy women and/or postpartum women who seek a thicker legging with compression and breathability. Plus, they hold up in the wash. You love your lululemon bottoms, but your budget this month is a firm "no" to that new pair you're eyeing. An alternative? These $14 TSLA leggings that come in all colors of the rainbow and have been compared to lulu's align pants. This TSLA option, however, is said to be sturdier. According to its 5,431 reviews, there are a mix of pros and cons to these leggings. First, the pros: they're affordable (prices range from $26 and up depending on the color you choose), comfortable, and stretchy. Also, fitness bloggers like Whitney Simmons have raved about them. Cons: the sizing/fit seems to vary and there's debate over whether or not they're squat proof. Based on the price and overall reviews, however, it's still worth trying—and if they're not completely squat-proof, at least they'll make for good lounge pants.The look of denim, but the feel and comfort of leggings. This pair of bottoms might replace your favorite skinnies. Reviewers noted that the material is thinner than jeans, which makes sense because they're not denim (the leggings are made of cotton, polyester, and spandex), and they don't pinch or bind you in. Of the 2,571 mostly positive reviews, this one is all you need to read: "I accidentally fell asleep on the couch in these. I slept all night, very comfortably."If you have an athletic build, you'll want these leggings. A consistent theme in reviews is that they're perfect for those with an athletic build or "booty." These leggings pass the "bend over" test, a.k.a they're not see-through; they're suitable for winter (when that time comes around again); and they feature a nice little pocket for your phone. As one fan noted, the leggings were even "durable enough for my three year old to casually wipe his snotty nose on."If thin leggings are not your cup of tea, opt for these thick bottoms. They're opaque, soft, and stretchy. Since they also have moisture-wicking capabilities, you can wear them to work out. One reviewer said, "Every time I wear these tights to the gym, I get compliments and people ask for the brand. These are miracle tights."For days when you just want to bare your ankles, try on these silky smooth leggings. The material, according to several reviewers, is breathable and slightly thin, but not sheer. They come in 35 different colors, meaning you'll have a pair to match every one of your outfits. One shopper said, "I loved these so much, I bought three pairs. They are butter soft. They fit my plus size frame. They are nice and thick. Great price and a great find!" Sold. You may not need these fleece-lined leggings right now, but come winter your legs will thank you for them. Great for layering under a dress or ski outfit, the bottoms are warm and soft but not thick or bulky. As an Amazon reviewer said, "If you’re on the fence, just buy them."•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The notoriously mysterious French maison offers a glimpse into its secretive world.Busy Beverly Hills moms pile everything into them, in Cannes and Biarritz, they make the perfect beach tote, and during a 14-hour international flight, they’re filled with all the necessities for the seasoned jetsetter. Goyard, the French luxury house—with its easily recognizable chevron-printed canvas and leather travel goods—has become one of the most coveted, albeit under the radar, brands in the world.     Goyard doesn’t advertise. It doesn’t sell online. It doesn’t pay celebrities to be photographed sporting its wares, and its executives rarely (if ever) give interviews. Yet somehow, the brand has cemented its status as a major luxury fashion player—alongside designers like Louis Vuitton and Hermès—with seemingly little effort. The company’s business has flourished from the beginning, virtually by word-of-mouth, through cliques of influential clients. Today, those clients run the gamut—from Michelein-starred Chef Alain Ducasse (who has a custom trunk for his cutlery) to rapper A$AP Rocky, who wore a Goyard messenger on the Grammy’s red carpet. In decades past, meanwhile, people like Coco Chanel, Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, and Jacques Cartier circumnavigated the globe on steamships, trains, and airplanes, with their belongings safely packed away in custom-made Goyard trunks and cases.Among Goyard’s most revered clients were The Duke and Duchess of Windsor, who bought their first Goyard pieces in the 1930s and eventually became collectors, with a portfolio of Goyard-designed trunks, cases, travel bags, suitcases, hat boxes, pet accessories and more. Many of their pieces were acquired by Goyard’s now-owner Jean-Michel Signoles in 1997, when Sotheby’s auctioned the contents of the Duke and Duchess’s Paris home. A single lot comprised of a document case and monogrammed trunk went for $14,950; another fetched a cool $32,500.The pieces are now kept in the Goyard archive, a secret underground warehouse in central Paris near the flagship at 233 Saint Honoré, which houses nearly 700 items. Both the design studio and the special order workshop cull the library for inspiration when approaching a new commission. For the majority of clients, a classic St. Louis tote (the most widely recognized of all Goyard items) or a Saigon handbag might be an ideal purchase, but discriminating collectors often prefer more individuality. “Each special order is the result of a very close creative collaboration between a customer and the Goyard team,” explained the Maison. (Ed Note: Yes, we know a "Maison" can't speak, but the good people at the House of Goyard prepared these statements especially for us, and well, this attribution seems to suit 164 years of guarded corporate identity.) “We start with an in-depth interview of the customer, so as to fully understand their vision and expectations, followed by a very precise watercolor sketch of the future piece.” With an endless level of personalization in terms of materials, color, shape, size and function, the only real limit is the client’s imagination.One rather infamous commande spéciale was commissioned in 1925 by Hugh Grosvenor, the 2nd Duke of Westminster (and the wealthiest man in Britain at the time) as a gift for his lover, Coco Chanel. “The trunk was definitely a gift between clandestine lovers when it was ordered,” the Maison explained. The following year the Duke divorced his wife to propose to Chanel, who flatly declined. “Everyone marries the Duke of Westminster,” she said. “There are a lot of duchesses, but only one Coco Chanel.” That same year, Sir Arthur Conan Doyle commissioned his famous Writing Trunk. “The idea was to craft a trunk that would allow Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, an extensive traveler at heart, to write comfortably as if he were in the library of his Scottish home,” explained the Maison, “even in the most remote and exotic surroundings.” The desk made its way into Goyard’s archive when they managed to acquire it from the heirs of Princess Nina Midvani, the widow of the author’s son. “Denis Conan Doyle, who had inherited the trunk after his father’s demise, used it himself until his own death in 1955.”Goyard has a rich history, though a rather unremarkable beginning: it started as a crating storefront in Paris, called Maison Martin, where the French aristocracy would go to have their precious possessions packed and shipped overseas. The company eventually found a more stylish niche thanks to François Goyard, who’d apprenticed for eight years before taking the helm (and changing the name) in 1853. Five generations of the Goyard family continued to run the business until it was purchased in 1998 by Signoles—a businessman who’d spent two decades obsessing over the company before convincing the Goyard family to sell it. Since taking over, he’s managed to keep the brand’s integrity in tact while shepherding it into the 21st century.Recently, the brand has created pieces for the likes of Lee Radziwill, Karl Lagerfeld, Catherine Deneuve, Gwyneth Paltrow, and Dita Von Teese. (Kanye West, who’s been photographed sporting a custom Goyard backpack, even referenced the brand in one of his songs.) But being a bold-faced name—or having a lot of cash—doesn’t necessarily guarantee a Goyard commission.“We turned down several orders for custom trunks for giant TV screens for instance,” said the Maison. “Goyard is all about travelling, distant horizons, escapism, so a TV trunk by Goyard really sounded like an oxymoron.”A request for a bespoke Gardening Trunk, however, felt decidedly more apropros. “The piece is whimsical and timeless, but also highly practical and functional and used every day by its owner. It truly captures the essence of Goyard,” explained the Maison of the exquisite green trunk, which was commissioned in 2015 at a cost of about $15,000. Though the company wouldn’t disclose which of their clients has the green thumb, they did say that two pieces were made–one for the customer and one for their archives.Another contemporary commission—a Chiffonier Trunk—wasn’t altogether new, but an exact replica of a piece produced in 1925 for the Paris International Exhibition of Decorative Arts. “It was crafted again last year, in 2016, and it was an incredible technical challenge that required us to rediscover and update almost forgotten skills,” admitted the Maison.  Again, they remained tight-lipped about the client’s identity.There are a handful of documented special orders from Goyard’s history that remain elusive even to the company itself. “We will not tell you which ones, as it might make the actual process of finding and buying them even more complicated,” the brand spokesperson hinted. “Finding a rare trunk is an extremely complicated hunt, requiring near private investigator’s skills… and a lot of patience.”From: Town & Country US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Upsides of being a duchess: Great clothes, meaningful charity work, awesome box seats at Wimbledon, the chance to wear actual tiaras. Downsides of being a duchess: Lack of privacy, gossip spread about you in the press, and wearing high heels way more than any human should have to. Kate Middleton is always chic and poised, and most of the time, that involves wearing designer heels. But Kate doesn’t just wear high heels. She wears them to royal engagements. That means that, unlike those of us who might wear heels to work and spend most of the day sitting at a desk in them, she’s on her feet pretty much the whole time. Sometimes for hours on end. Sometimes on cobblestone roads. She’s a certified superhero for pulling this off.If you’re wondering how Kate’s feet haven’t just fallen off after years of this high-heels-on-cobblestone-roads nonsense, the secret might be a pretty magical (and affordable) high heel hack. Kate is reportedly a fan of these $20, leather insoles from Alice Bow. In 2015, a source revealed to Vanity Fair in 2015 that Kate is a big fan of the Alice Bow insoles, which are, naturally, pretty swank. The paddings, created by designer Rachel Bowman, are made of Italian leather and slip perfectly into a pair of heels. “Kate has ordered a couple of packets, she thinks they are great,” the source revealed.Definitely stocking up on these now. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.subscribe here		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			That freezer trick? It doesn't work.You're well-versed in the history of denim and the new styles to wear for fall, but some jeans-related questions remain. Namely, how to care for that new pair of lightly distressed straight leg jeans you just invested in. Since you spent good money on the new jeans you've fallen in love with, it makes sense to pay extra attention to the care and fit of them. At least until you spill something on them, though—don't worry—we have a hack for combatting that problem too. We spoke to experts at major denim brands like Levi's, Rag & Bone, Citizens of Humanity, MOTHER, and American Eagle to get the low-down on everything denim-care. (The advice applies to new or old jeans!) They answered the tough questions like how often to wash your jeans, and settled, once and for all, the debate on whether or not freezing your jeans actually kills bacteria. Read on to hear each expert's advice."We recommend washing less, wash on cold, then line dry."—Jill Guenza, VP of Global Women's Design at Levi’s"The less you wash your jeans, the better. This is because your jeans will naturally develop a unique wear pattern, the more you wear your jeans the more they will become "yours" with unique whisker patterns and creases that you've made on your own. That said, the longest I've gone without washing is six months and that's only because I was breaking in a raw pair. With jeans that are not raw and come washed (that is most denim), I usually wear them three times before washing."—Kelly Urban, Founder and Designer of AMO  "I would recommend washing sparingly. It also helps to let your jeans breathe, so don't pack them too tightly into drawers or shelves. For jean jackets and denim vests, try not to hang them in a crowded closet. Hanging jeans from the belt loops in your closet allows them room to air out and prevent odors too."—Molly Kuick, Senior VP of Women's Design at American Eagle "Science tells us that at-home freezers are not cold enough to kill the gross stuff: germs, bacteria, or odors. You can toss them in the freezer for a little while to get rid of some funkiness, sure, but scientifically you're not really doing anything to clean them."—Dena Bickerstaffe, Head of Design at J BRAND"There is no reason to store jeans in the freezer. Scientifically I am not sure if this method actually reduces bacteria buildup, more like slows it down. However, we do notice it helps with the smell. Personally, I like to spray a little Febreze on my jeans if they start to smell. The best way to keep things fresh is to simply let them air outside when you get a chance."—Scott Morrison, Founder of 3x1"Most bacteria living in your jeans will survive the freezer. This method might help your jeans smell fresh, but they won't actually be clean, if that matters to you."—Alaina Miller, Citizens of Humanity Design Director  "Most jeans that you buy off-the-rack have already been washed by industrial machines during the manufacturing process. Your domestic washer won't really affect the garment much. If you buy raw denim I recommend soaking them in the tub overnight without agitation. Rinse and drip dry. Putting raw denim in the washing machine will change the look and feel of the garment dramatically."—Molly Spittal, Co-Founder of Decade "If you're throwing them into the washer, set your washing machine to the gentle or delicate cycle. Fill the washing machine with cold water and turn your jeans inside out. I recommend not drying your jeans because it's eco-friendly and will make your jeans last longer."—Zahra Ahmed, CEO of DL1961"You should wash them on cold, inside out. When we talk about washing your jeans, we have to address the type of denim (raw, high-performance-stretch, etc.). Some jeans like high-performance stretch are made to withstand high levels of heat caused by home dryers and in fact react to this, allowing their shape to bounce back. Pay attention to the washing directions."—Scott Morrison, Founder of 3x1  "Turn denim inside out to limit abrasion and  machine wash cold on a gentle cycle while ideally using special denim detergents for black and dark jeans as well as for light washes. Hang dry when possible, to get your high stretch denim to snap back to its original shape. If you put them in the dryer, tumble dry inside out on medium low. Drying on high will drastically shorten the lifespan of your high stretch denim."—Rag & Bone Expert "Baby powder. Rub it into the stain, let it sit awhile and then shake it out."—Tim Kaeding, Co-Founder and Creative Director at MOTHER"Submerge the stained area in water and apply grease-fighting, dish-washing detergent directly onto the stain. Let it sit, gently scrub, then run the jeans through the wash."—Alissa Friedman, PR & Marketing Manager at Mavi "Sprinkle talcum powder over the stain and leave it to soak up the oil over night. Dust off in the morning. If a pair of  jeans [is beyond repair], I revamp them by throwing some bleach all over to create a cool punk vibe or create distressed rips and repairs to cover up any sins."—Meg Gallagher, Ksubi Denim Designer "For stains, Dr. Bronner’s liquid soap is the best. Apply directly onto the jean, let it set into the stain, and then rinse out. For spot cleaning an oil stain, try rubbing a small amount of baking soda into the spot, then dab with a cloth. The baking soda should absorb the oil. You can brush off the excess powder."—Dena Bickerstaffe, Head of Design at J BRAND "I swear by my Vanish stain remover bar."—Larissa Noble, 7 For All Mankind Women's Design Director"It depends on the fabric content.  If it's 100 percent cotton or say 98 percent cotton, two percent percent elastane (stretch), then Black Rit dye would probably do it.  I would not attempt to dye them if there is any polyester content as that fiber is tricky to dye. You also have to keep in mind that dying jeans requires very hot water, and that can shrink your jeans if you've only washed them in cold water."—Kelly Urban, Founder and Designer of AMO"I recommend the brand IDYE. Using this dye has always left my garments super black and there is zero transfer if done correctly. I always use one packet of synthetic dye and one packet of natural dye in the same bath because most garments including denim often use poly-blend thread and you want the stitching to match the denim"—Molly Spittal, Co-Founder of Decade"Over dye them with RIT dye. They'll go completely black again."—Stefan Attardo, Men's Head of Design at Hudson"You can buy Dylon or Procion MX dye as it will not flare as purple black as some other dyes and will be more colorfast."—Jessica Dorfman, Senior Women's Design Director at Hudson "I've tried it. It never worked for me, just made me very uncomfortable. Instead, ball up the jeans inside out, quickly hold under hot water, and throw in the dryer."—Tim Kaeding, Co-Founder and Creative Director at MOTHER"I've tried the shower, the bath, and the ocean!  Again, this is really something you do with raw jeans, and I wouldn't say it makes them more fitted, but it makes them mold to your body.  The key is getting the denim wet while you're wearing them, which helps shape the denim to your body.  This isn't something you do with a washed pair of jeans as washed denim wouldn't mold to you as well since the fabric isn't raw."—Kelly Urban, Founder and Designer of AMO "Some people recommend ocean salt water, however, this only works on unwashed raw denim. Most jeans nowadays have the majority of the shrinkage removed prior to purchase so they should fit you perfectly from the get-go."—Design Denim Expert at FRAMEFor more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			A look for each day of the work week.If we're talking building blocks of a wardrobe, at least one pair of black jeans is essential. These go-with-everything bottoms are flattering, comfortable (once you find the right fit), and come in a variety of styles. You have your skinnies—a universally beloved silhouette—the cropped frayed ankle, the straight leg, the mom jeans, the baggy boyfriend jeans, and many more. And they complement pretty much any article of clothing, from a floral puff-shoulder top to a plain white button-up. Because black jeans are so easy to wear, you may find yourself falling into a style rut—i.e. wearing your black skinnies with a sweater three out of five days at the office. (I'm not judging; this is 100-percent me.) Slowly, your jeans no longer bring you the same sartorial joy as when you first bought them. In order to prevent this, I present you with five different black jean outfit ideas (one for each of the workdays, if you need) that will keep the essential feeling fresh. All it takes is a little street style inspo to remind you that black jeans are, and always will be, magical.Dress from the bottom up, starting with a pair of colorful boots. They'll give life back to the pair of black bottoms you wear every day. The easiest way to make sure your shoe matches the rest of your outfit is to pick a t-shirt, blouse, or sweater in the same tone as your footwear. If you're wearing blush-colored booties, chose a pinkish top. If you're more into that mix-and-match look, disregard this tip completely and wear whatever top or bootie you want, like this street style star did.Skinny black jeans will always be a closet staple. For this season, though, step outside your silhouette comfort zone and try a pair of slightly more slouchy tapered boyfriend jeans. If you're worried that the baggy style makes you look shorter, add heeled combat boots for extra height. Bring the whole look together with a leopard print jacket and plain white top. These are all basics you likely already have in your wardrobe, just styled together in a new way. (If you're missing a piece just shop the items directly, below.)The head-to-toe black outfit isn't a new idea, but you can pull off the outfit in a way that will feel fresh and capture everyone's attentions. It boils down to the style of the pieces you choose and a key accessory. Take Eva Chen's look, above, dressed up with a PVC hat. This tiny piece added a trendy element to an otherwise basic look. Her outerwear choice was unique too: Check out the zipper!If head-to-toe black is too angsty for you, meet halfway by sticking to colors up top and black on the bottom. Give your least-worn color (maybe it's orange?) time to shine and don't worry about overdoing anything—your black jeans and sling backs are the perfect canvas for this fashion experiment. People will immediately center their eyes on you and street style photographers may even stop you to take an outfit snap. The ultimate compliment. Wearing a sheer top seems less daunting when you can tuck it into your safety blanket: black jeans. Reach for a lace top that offers more coverage than a flimsy mesh shirt (the latter is much more suited for the office) and layer a cami underneath to prevent any NSFW mishaps. Avoid catching a cold with a layer of outerwear on top, be it a blazer or a furry coat. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Fashion meets function.Quay Australia has a knack for teaming up with the best celebrities for its eyewear collections. The latest star Quay tapped to rep the brand is everyone's favorite person on Twitter: Chrissy Teigen. The QUAY X CHRISSY collection features 15 different sunglasses and prescription-friendly frames. The styles range from minimalist transparent frames to oversized aviator sunnies.Besides being uber-stylish, a number of glasses in the QUAY X CHRISSY collection also have an especially cool feature: blue light filtering lenses. For context, blue light is found everywhere, from the sun to your iPhone and computer screens. The light can damage light-sensitive cells in the retina because it penetrates all the way to the inner lining in the back of your eye. If you've experienced any of these while using your smartphone—headaches, blurry vision, and loss of sleep—then you'll understand some of the negative side effects from blue light. Quay's blue light filtering glasses, then, essentially block that damaging light from impacting your eyes.The collection is also part of the "Education is Quay" campaign, a new initiative by the eyewear brand that gives back to students in need. Quay will grant 10 lucky students each with a $10k scholarship to put towards their educations. Teigen's collaboration with Quay is basically a natural fit; not only is she glued to her phone (no complaints here, keep the entertaining Instagram and Twitter content coming, Chrissy!), but she is also passionate about philanthropy and giving back to her community. "The scholarship component of the campaign is what brought it all together for me," says Teigen. "The opportunity to give back and fund someone's dream is such a special privilege, and I'm thrilled to be a part of that."Check out some of the stylish frames that caught our eye below.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			They will replace your favorite jeans.Denim overalls are easy to wear, like jeans, but a little trickier to style. Pair 'em with the wrong shirt or shoes and you end up feeling like the 11-year-old version of yourself. But overalls are on-trend and if you want to wear your very first pair of (adult) overalls, don't let this small obstacle stand in your way. I've put together six different overall outfits to show you how to actually wear the one-piece. The major takeaway? There is an art to layering when it comes to overalls, whether that's choosing between a plain tee or peasant blouse, a pair of sandals or a pair of heels. (I'm going with sandals for comfort obvs.)Enough chit-chat, though, read on to see how to wear your denim overalls, from an original blue option to a wild animal printed one-piece. And for even more styling inspiration, be sure to bookmark our street style round ups.Slouchy, loose overalls give you that carefree and relaxed feeling, like you're vacationing in Maine or Vermont. This pair is perfectly cropped and distressed to give some subtle texture to the blue denim. Wear with a billowy peasant blouse and easy brown slides to get that effortless out-of-office look. Shop the pieces: 1. Free people overalls, $115; 2. Leith Clark x Catbird ear climber, $178; 3. Madewell x Christy Dawn top, $148; 4. Chloé Faye bag, $795; 5. Sam Edelman slide sandal, $89Don't play it safe with a standard-issue t-shirt under your overalls; layer a polka dot crop top underneath, instead. This will help you stay cool for summer and offer a sexy hint of skin without exposing more than you're comfortable with. These pearl hoops add a delicate touch, while a bucket hat and Birkenstocks make the outfit feel casual enough for a weekend at the park. Shop the pieces: 1. Frame crop overalls, $330; 2. Topshop crop top, $22; 3. McQ Alexander McQueen bucket hat, $95; 4. Stone and Strand pearl huggies, $295; 5. Birkenstock sandals, $100For a summer-into-fall transitional look, wear a lightweight sweater underneath your overalls. This Stella McCartney crew neck top complements the ultra distressed Balmain overalls (FYI this pair is quickly selling out, so add it to your cart asap) while the pops on the sleeves give the look some color. Style it with a crossbody bag and a pair of pinkish sandals to tie the whole look together.Shop the pieces: 1. Balmain overalls, $598; 2. Astrid and Miyu shell huggies, $79; 3. Stella McCartney sweater, $925; 4. Marc Jacobs camera bag, $295; 5. Melissa sandals, $85Fashion daredevils will want to trade in their blue overalls for this tiger stripe-meets-leopard spots pair. The material is still denim, but the overall design makes a fierce statement. Let the prints shine on their own by layering a black bodysuit underneath—I like turtlenecks—and dress it down with a pair of sneakers. Shop the pieces: 1. Ganni overalls, $370; 2. Re/Done bodysuit, $70; 3. Nanushka belt bag, $335; 4. Golden Goose trainers, $460If you feel like a little kid in denim overall shorts, try pairing them with "grown-up" pieces. My picks include this blousy white top from J.Crew, a Fendi rattan crossbody bag, and a smart pair of ballet flats from Stuart Weitzman. Add on a beaded and pearl combo bracelet, which gives off an air of playfulness without making you feel like you're in elementary school again. Shop the pieces: 1. H&M overalls, $30; 2. J.Crew top, $52; 3. Fendi rattan bag, $3,390; 4. Catbird gold bracelet, $93; 5. Eliou bracelet, $76; 6. Stuart Weitzman ballet flats, $295The New Yorker in me loves this almost all-black outfit. To give the look an interesting masculine feel, wear with a printed shirt from AllSaints (plucked from the mens section, just size down if you want it to be more fitted) and thick-sole combat ankle boots. A structured handbag and gold ring completes the outfit.Shop the pieces: 1. Paige overalls, $279;  2. AllSaints shirt, $130;  3. AllSaints ring, $50;  4. MCM tote bag, $1,133;  5. 3.1 Phillip Lim, $650•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Working moms-to-be are superheroes, and they deserve a kickass wardrobe to match. Finding cute maternity clothes is a serious struggle though, especially for your 9-to-5. To solve this fashion dilemma, J.Crew and HATCH announced that they've teamed up and created a pregnancy-friendly workwear collection. The collab, which is available to shop right now, features everything from neutral-colored blazer/trouser sets to floral print dresses that don't drown you, or your bump, in fabric.J.Crew even redesigned its best-selling office-approved pieces like the "Résumé" dress to carry you through all three trimesters. Prices for the collection range from $59.50 to $298, with all styles available online at J.Crew.com and HatchCollection.com. Many of the pieces (like the knit dresses) are even good for off-duty fall activities.And for the ultimate icing on the cake: Meghan Markle has worn both J.Crew and HATCH pieces before. Therefore, by extension, this collaboration is kind of royal-approved. The Duchess may even want to take some design notes for her own prospective workwear line.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for theMarie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Kicks with personality!After eons of wearing high heels and compromising the integrity of our foot arches, we're now at the point in fashion where wearing sneakers with virtually everything (dresses included!) is not only socially acceptable, but trendy and fashionable—thank you, fashion gods! But as sneakers become trendier, we've started seeing the same types of shoes reign supreme from the runway to the subway. So how does one stand out when everyone's standing in the same pair of kicks?Stuart Weitzman has a solution to combat the sameness: #DareToDaryl. Today, the brand launched a footwear campaign, which invites fans to add their own personal style to a pair of the vintage-inspired DARYL sneakers. Do you #DareToDaryl?Watch the video and get inspired to be yourself every step of the day. The design your own #DARYL sneaker program is available now, exclusively on https://t.co/hNCGKCWa2Q. #StuartWeitzmanShop the #DARYL: https://t.co/TLsxoSudVE pic.twitter.com/qhFoL6QqAGThe DARYL shoe comes in both suede and leather. You can then customize it to your taste: 13 striking designs are available, from a classic white color to a fierce cheetah print for those who really want to make a statement. As part of the customization program, the sneakers can be paired with any of the 10 different lace options, handcrafted by Italian shoelace brand Aglit Italy. Fancy. The laces, which are available in Italian leather, premium denim, or custom-printed silk complete with the Stuart Weitzman logo, are the finishing touches on what is sure to be the most you pair of shoes in your closet.  Stuart Weitzman is also holding a DARE TO DARYL pop-up shop in its NYC boutique in SoHo from August 16 to August 18. Customers in the area can check out the DARYLs in person and customize their very own pair. Artists will even be onsite to provide hand-drawn scribbles on the tailor-made kicks to make them even more personalized to your liking. The customization program is only available for a limited time in stores and online, so get to DIY-ing below.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Jeans have never not been in style.Before French actresses and supermodels glamorized the blue jean, laborers wore the sturdy twill fabric—which was developed in 1873 by Jacob Davis and Levi Strauss—to work. Almost immediately, other manufacturers followed suit, producing their own versions of the original Levi 501 jean. Overalls. Jean jackets. Jorts.... Each new iteration of denim has stood the test of time, all the while embracing new washes and era-defining embellishments, some of which have lived through the trend cycle more than once. From Audrey Hepburn to Lisa Turtle, here we present you with a timeline of denim at its best. Every garment is guaranteed in the very first known denim ad showing customers the wares on offer from denim entrepreneur Levi Strauss. Jeans—durable enough for digging in the dirt, but still looking très chic—grace the cover of Mademoiselle magazine in an adorable mommy-and-me moment. Marilyn's perfectly cuffed jeans worn in the classic movie Clash by Night prove to be just as sexy as that famous subway dress. Jeans weren't everyday wear for women yet, though, and her on-screen wardrobe likely inspired fans to take their turn trying on a pair.Denim swimsuits? They exist and here's the proof. In this Life magazine shoot, American Airlines stewardesses take a break from the sky to lay poolside in some very trendy swimwear. Bardot sports a pair of now-retro skinny jeans on the set of La Verite. Would wear today. Mr. James Dean put blue jeans on the map for bad boys everywhere in Rebel Without a Cause. Swoon.Artist Elaine de Kooning trades in her artist smock for a denim button down as she works on a portrait of President John F. Kennedy in her New York City studio. She paired them with black slacks so as to avoid the Canadian tuxedo look (more on that later).Audrey swaps her red carpet couture for a pair of blue jeans in Two For The Road. Still looks chic as ever. Artist and political activist Caroline Coon styles her perfectly-worn denim with a trendy boho scarf billowing through a belt loop. And that worn knee signals the start of designers taking liberty with their denim fabrics, including rips and fading.Just Jane looking effortless in jeans and a tee during the 28th Cannes International Film Festival.Could this be love? We feel very strongly about this top-to-bottom denim outfit with Marley's signature rastacap. Denim-on-denim was groovy in the '70s, a faux pas in the early aughts, and today...?There are no rules!Farrah masters the skateboard in a pair of bell bottoms, THE must-have style of the decade.Fur, fringe, and cowhide patches elevate these jeans to Cher-approved status. Dolly poses for a portrait during the cover session for her album 'Here You Come Again.' Even with a rare turned up hem and a sky-high heel, Dolly can do no wrong.A midriff-baring 15-year-old Brooke Shields poses in a Calvin Klein jeans ad, shot by photographer Richard Avedon. The campaign put Brooke on the map!Goldie sits pretty in a chambray shirt and light-washed jeans. Consider chambray a cousin of denim—they look similar and share a lot of the same qualities, but chambray is less rough to the touch.Actress Catherine Bach from The Dukes of Hazzard wears the eponymous daisy dukes, which in a great exchange made both her and the super short cut-off jean short wildly famous.If anyone can rock a denim jacket backwards it's the Queen of Pop. Traditionally a utility jacket for cowboys, the jean jacket's popularity as fashionable outerwear skyrockets in the '80s.Nobody puts Baby—or her rolled jean shorts—in the corner. Still summer outfit goals. Hutton masters the perfect cuff roll as she roots for the home team.Twenty-seven-year-old Brad Pitt in straight-leg jeans and a henley is  as American as apple pie. Unbeknownst to him, Jerry's uniform of dad jeans (and sneakers) were ahead of their time.A baby faced Winona wears the perfect pair of Levis 501s out and about in Hollywood. It's hard to forget this iconic '90s Marky Mark photoshoot, taken back when the singer-slash-actor preferred to wear his jean shorts around his knees. Pair your embellished jeans (all of the rage in the '90s) with a little fringe for a western take, à la Lisa Turtle.The supermodel strikes a pose in hip hugging high-waisted denim over a white bodysuit during this iconic Pepsi Super Bowl commercial.The young heart throb (then 19) embraces '90s fashion with an ultra-cool wallet chain.Pamela reps her hometown of Ladysmith, British Columbia, Canada, with her version of the Canadian tuxedo. Her ripped pockets were a grunge-inspired '90s phenomenon. Kate's airport attire is the epitome of the supermodel's effortless style. White tank + jeans + patterned bag = perfection.The bleached denim trend favorited by Monica Geller two decades ago has come full circle. Invest in a pair this fall. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			No surprise, jeans are her office uniform.In a bi-weekly series, we're interviewing female executives, founders, CEOs—basically, boss ladies—on their "power suit" a.k.a. the outfit they wear every day for easy dressing to conquer whatever the job throws at them.Paige Adams-Geller is a success. She launched her namesake denim line in 2004 and now employs about 300 people from Los Angeles (the company's main headquarters are in Culver City) to London. There are 15 brick-and-mortar stores, an online e-commerce site, and partnerships with retail distributers including Shopbop, Saks Fifth Avenue, and Anthropologie. Model Rosie Huntington-Whiteley has been in the brand's campaigns. PAIGE denim has made a permanent name for itself in women's wardrobes. But the road to building it all wasn't always easy.When Adams-Geller first announced she was launching a premium denim brand for women by a woman, she was met with skepticism and cynics from what was then a traditionally male-dominated field. As a former fit model (someone who is hired to model a garment that's meant to represent the median size of a collection), Adams-Geller had worked with premium denim brands and became enamored by the material as well as the process of finding the perfect pair of jeans. She wanted to help women find their best fit and, after a successful presentation at a NYC trade show, Adams-Geller went full speed ahead on her idea. Some, however, tried to thwart her."Word got out that I wanted to get some of my products produced in Los Angeles, and when I showed up to talk to the wash houses and distributors, some of my competitors actually went to these same places and said if those wash houses and distributors worked with me, then the brands would pull all their products from these facilities," Adams-Geller tells me. "I got scared that no one would want to sew or wash my jeans, but after that first [trade show] and I had hard orders, [I went in] Pretty Woman [-style and said] 'I think it's going to be a big mistake if you don't accept this.' They trusted me, my name, and we eventually got through that roadblock."Adams-Geller says that having her name attached to the brand made all the difference. Early contenders for the company's moniker included gemini (her astrology sign) and blue angel (her husband calls her angel). But she wanted women to feel like they could email her and ask her questions about fit and denim. "It was important for me to have that emotional connection and create that camaraderie with the women buying my jeans," she says. For the brand's first skews, the label focused on wide leg and bootcut jeans (it was the early 2000s) then moved on to skinnies as the industry demand changed. When sustainability became a buzzword in the fashion world, Adams-Geller examined her own impact on the environment, especially when California went through droughts. She moved her production into factories that used lasers to create designs on her jeans instead of harsh chemicals and ones that used recycled water, or no water at all, when rinsing denim. "We're trying to develop more fabrics in the future that are more sustainable too," she says. Adams-Geller seemingly never runs out of ideas to propel her company forward, and has set her sights on becoming a full lifestyle brand—not just denim. Since launching 15 years ago, she's added clothing, men's denim, and footwear to her label, and has aspirations to dive into home decor. The founder and creative director shows no signs of slowing down. I caught up with her for a moment to chat more about her approach to business, life, and her personal workplace style—FYI jeans are her office uniform—below."What's important for me is to wake up and get a good workout in, then set my intentions for the day. I make time for a little pet therapy, so I'll play with my dogs, visit my rescue horse and donkey. He looks like Eeyore from Winnie the Pooh. After that, every day is different; sometimes I'm in the office designing the textiles or I am at the PAIGE stores checking in with the sales teams or I am flying to our London offices to show the latest collection."  "I am a mood dresser for sure. What usually happens is I will be listening to a certain type of music in the morning while I am working out or on a hike...like I'll be listening to an '80s playlist and maybe will want to wear something as a nod to the '80s. My outfit also depends on the activities for that day. If I am in a banking meeting, I'll chose a silk top and black jeans versus my more creative '80s look. If I am in a showroom presenting the latest collection, I like to wear stuff from it or wear stuff from the next season that hasn't come out yet. I also like to dress for seasons. Weirdly enough, we had a really rainy winter which is odd for L.A., but good for the drought, so I had to rethink wearing suede shoes. That, of course, made me rethink shoe designing in the future for places like NYC and London because you can't wear suede when it's pouring rain."   "I would say, my go-to look in the office is light-washed denim with a camel-colored suede boot, a floral printed top, and a leather jacket just in case it gets chilly at night. Usually I am out early in the morning until late at night, so layering is key to account for the weather changes. This time of year, I am always in a dress if I'm not in light blue or black jeans. Dresses, blue jeans, and black jeans are what I feel comfortable in. I try to wear PAIGE most of the time because I love my brand, but also mix it up. For shoes I love Gianvito Rossi and Saint Laurent for my rocker alter ego. I also love a Gucci handbag, and when I want to feel pretty and super feminine, I will wear Ulla Johnson or Zimmermann. For jeans, it's always PAIGE. My favorite pair at the moment is the Claudine, a high-rise ankle flare. I wear the Noella straight leg when I want to feel cool and the Lou Lou Tulip jean with a ruffle top, when I am ready for a rock 'n' roll concert and feel like dressing up as Steven Tyler.""Feminine, sexy, with a little bit of edge.""Love and kindness, spread it wherever you go. I think it's so much easier to be kind to people [than being mean], it uses less energy. I think toxic people are not allowed in the business. You can still be a strong leader by being kind. Say what you mean, but don't say it mean."For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Swap your skinny jeans for this slightly-more-relaxed style. The skinny jean has been mainstream now for nearly 15 years and there's no reason to believe the style will be disappearing anytime soon. But there is something freeing about giving your ankles a little bit of breathing room courtesy of the skinny's equally flattering sister, straight-cut. This is the quintessential jean style that transcends decades and fads. Adding it to your wardrobe this season is a no-brainer.This style's clean, no-frills attitude makes it a perfect work jean. Double up your knits, layering a printed vest over a turtleneck for a twist on classic dressing. Add a western boot and a poppy leather bag, and you’ll be dressed and out the the door in under five. Slightly more relaxed than the skinny jean, a straight-cut style is an excellent date night option (um, it highlights legs for days). Pair the higher rise with a baby doll top, particularly with a button or two left open for a breeze and a peek of skin. Add a long-strap mini bag and tall mules in a fun pattern to pull the look together.  Because of its clean, long line, the straight style has no trouble playing with proportion. Try a heavy knit sweater (instead of your go-to hoodie) and slip on a pair of clogs to run errands with the exact same effort as leggings and sneakers, but way chicer. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			If you love flares, these will be your new go-to. A hybrid that brings the slimming power of a skinny and the fun of a flare...meet The Side Split! With a very literal split up the side of the outside seam, she’s carefree and kind of gossipy, revealing just enough to make her a perfect brunch/drinks/coffee break companion, down for any occasion.Evoke a '70s power woman à la Diane Von Furstenburg with a leather wrap top and accessories in tonal shades to match. Have some fun with details, like choosing an ankle-strap pump to peek out from the side split for a playful touch to your office look. This jean was born to party! Pile on the prints with a boot and turtleneck in the same tones (add a pop of color with your belt). The shoe will peek out from the split, so make sure it’s taller than the opening for seamless execution. Play up the ease of this style by pairing it with a luxe flip flop and tropical print button down. With the ankle opening providing a bit of a breeze, we think it makes for the perfect travel jean. St. Tropez anyone?For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			And how to style them for every occasion. Jeans! The ultimate wardrobe staple is also, somehow, one of the most complicated pieces of clothing to shop for. Fit, proportion, and overall “feeling yourself”-ness all need to be perfect. And once you find your style, it’s scary to dip a toe into a new trend—even if everyone else makes it look so effortless on Instagram. We hear you, we got you. Welcome to your fall denim styles guide. These slight tweaks to your old reliables will not only expand your denim vocabulary, but, we promise, make you excited to wear a new pair. Especially once you see how to execute the look jean-iusly (sorry, had to) for day, play, and when you're off-duty.This style takes boyfriend cut up a notch with a more dramatic width and length. Seemingly unpolished, the heaviness of the baggy cut actually holds its own as a fashion-forward silhouette that demands attention when paired with an equally bold top.Mothermotherdenim.com$278preorder it A hybrid that brings the slimming power of a skinny and the fun of a flare...meet The Side Split! With a very literal split up the side of the outside or inside seam, she’s carefree and kind of gossipy, revealing just enough to make her a perfect brunch/drinks/coffee break companion, down for any occasion.The skinny jean has been mainstream now for nearly 15 years and there's no reason to believe the style will be disappearing anytime soon. But there is something freeing about giving your ankles a little bit of breathing room courtesy of the skinny's equally flattering sister, straight-cut. This is the quintessential jean style that transcends decades and fads. Adding it to your wardrobe this season is a no-brainer.If you love “wearing the pants” (i.e. the in-charge feeling a wide leg jean gives you), then get even bossier with trouser jeans. The long line and clean front pleating of this style is a done deal for daytime, but also has a softer side, seamlessly transitioning to happy hour and the dog park.Fashion Editor Julia Gall / Hair by Takashi Yusa / Makeup by Michela Wariebi for Nars / Models, Jordan Moon at Muse NYC and Adesola at One Management / Casting & Production by Suze Lee / Special Thanks to PeerspaceLead image from left to right: Ganni top, 3x1 jeans, Staud boots, Gucci belt, Hunting Season bag; Khaite cardigan, Mother jeans, Washed Ashore necklace, Loeffler Randall bag; Miu Miu sweater, Re/Done jeans, Vionic shoes, Elizabeth Locke earrings; Brock top, Goldsign jeans, Stuart Weitzman shoes, Ippolita earrings and bangle.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			A chicer version of boyfriend jeans.This style takes boyfriend cut up a notch with a more dramatic width and length. Seemingly unpolished, the heaviness of the baggy cut actually holds its own as a fashion-forward silhouette that demands attention when paired with an equally bold top.To pull off such a statement style at the office, even out the heaviness of the pant with a polished pussy bow blouse in a graphic print. Add in classic accessories, like pumps and a structured purse, to ground down the look without being too casual. To bring these jeans out of tomboy territory, try showing some skin with a plunging neckline. Add a funky-shaped pouch for your evening essentials and a pair of dancing shoes with a heel high enough to keep the bottom of your jeans off the ground but low enough to bar hop comfortably. Essentially the sweat pant of jeans, this baggy style will be your weekend best friend, taking you from brunch back to your couch with absolutely no effort. Pair with a fitted sweater and a structured bag for a chic look that takes no time away from your Sunday self-care routine. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Trouser jeans are the more polished wide-leg.If you love “wearing the pants” (i.e. the in-charge feeling a wide leg jean gives you), then get even bossier with trouser jeans. The long line and clean front pleating of this style is a done deal for daytime, but also has a softer side, seamlessly transitioning to happy hour and the dog park.Build out a suiting look (but cooler) by pairing trouser jeans with a graphic blazer and easy knit tank. The clean length is serious, so have some fun by adding a statement shoe with a strong accent and—BAM!—you’re good to take names all day long. Play off the rigidity of this style with a super feminine top, like this ruched tank. Then, add a low-heel pump in a bright color that peeks out from under the hem. Try matching your lip shade to that poppy hue for an extra power punch. Who says tailoring has to be all done up? This style can carry you into the weekend if coupled with a retro sneaker and easy cotton blouse. And here's a fit tip: You'll get more mileage out of these jeans if the length is versatile enough to wear with a low heel and a sneaker; take this into consideration when tailoring. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			They're comfortable for walking, and you can get a pair on Amazon right this second. Yesterday, Kate Middleton and Prince William participated in the inaugural King's Cup regatta, a sailing competition which took place in Cowes, England. Fans loved seeing the Duchess of Cambridge in a sporty look. In fact, before the competition began, Middleton stepped out in her favorite Superga 2750 Cotu Sneakers with a pair of navy blue trousers and a colorful, striped peplum shirt. If you're looking for a new pair of comfortable walking shoes, these lace-up sneakers fit the bill. A durable, rubber sole? Check. A wide, rounded toe box? Check. A soft, breathable cotton upper? Check. The best part is you can snag a pair on Amazon for $57.99, and choose from 26 different styles and colors.This isn't the first time the Duchess of Cambridge has sported these sneakers. Earlier this summer, Middleton wore them to the opening of the Chelsea Flower Show, where she unveiled her "Back to Nature" project. For her appearance, Middleton wore the white kicks with a lightweight, white button-down shirt and a pair of tan culottes. We're loving the Duchess of Cambridge's casual, laid-back style—a nice change from her more polished looks!  For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HEREFrom: Prevention US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You know how sometimes, there’s an accessory that everyone in your Instagram feed seems to own? And you’re left with fashion FOMO if you don’t own it? In royal circles, that must-own accessory appears to be J. Crew’s Rattan clutch. The proof? It’s a favorite of both Meghan Markle (aka the Duchess of Sussex) and of Pippa Middleton, chic younger sister of the future Queen of England, Kate Middleton. Meghan, who has been a fan of J. Crew staples since before her royal days, carried the fan-shaped version of the clutch at a polo game last year. Pippa, on the other hand, proved that she’s very into her own version of the accessory this summer at Wimbledon, where she was spotted carrying it on multiple days (which also showed how versatile the piece is, because it looked amazing with every outfit). The clutch usually retails for a fairly affordable $89.50, but it’s on sale right now for just $74.99.Adding this one to my cart right this second. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.subscribe here		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			This week in "how to dress like a duchess," we have Kate Middleton's favorite casual shoes: White Superga Cotu Classics. The Duchess of Cambridge has been majorly into these sneakers for years and, when she's not wearing gorgeous pairs of designer heels paired with ballgowns and other chic, dressy ensembles, she's usually keeping it comfortable in her Superga Cotu Classics—which happen to be on sale, right this very minute for the actually affordable price of $49.  Kate was most recently spotted in her own pair of Superga Cotu Classics at The Royal Yacht Squadron during the inaugural Kings Cup regatta, which she and her husband, Prince William, hosted this week in Cowes, England. Kate paired the classic shoes with a colorful striped Sandro top (which is on clearance right now for $95, marked down from an original price of $190) and a pair of wide-leg trousers. And, in case you want to buy Kate's super cute striped top: BRB, online shopping to do. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Clairenewsletter.subscribe here		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			No pedicure, no problem. Ask a team of eight editors the difference between a chelsea boot and an ankle boot, and you'll get a different answer each time. (Chelsea's are technically booties! They're supposed to have a loop on the back! Ankle boots always have a heel!) Despite the varied opinions, there is an overall consensus: Chelsea boots are comfy, versatile, and can be worn year-round, which makes them a must-have  in every woman's closet. Shop the best on the market, below.  I can't say enough great things about Marc Fisher's pointy-toe chelsea boots, which come in nine (!) different styles. They're insanely comfortable, and look great when you're heading to those post-work drinks straight from the office. Pick the ivory or snakeskin if you want a pair you can wear year-round. If you're not already the boss, you'll look (and feel) like one in Roger Vivier's buckled chelsea boots. The square-toe heels run a bit small, so make sure to order half a size up. Everlane's chelsea boots with a two-inch stacked heel and a side zipper are what dreams are made of. Hundreds of reviewers rave about how soft and comfortable they are, plus they fit well for people with wide feet.  It would be a sin not to purchase at least one pair of Frye boots in your lifetime. The iconic boot brand is known for its incredible quality with its built-to-last durability made for work or play, and the Melissa chelsea boots give off a vintage feel.You don't have to be in the desert to rock these with jeans or a dress. (Though they are a great excuse to plan a trip out west.)Say goodbye to traditional rainboots and swap them with these glossy waterproof chelseas. You'll want to wear them even when it's not monsooning outside. Trust. Expect lots of compliments every time you slide on a pair of Thursday Boots' chelsea boots with the statement pull tab in the back. Fall in love with FP Collection's Spanish-made chelsea/clog hybrids that were made for the weekends. If you're fancy and you know it, these spiked heel Christian Louboutin booties—and street style photographers—are calling your name. The award for the perfect date night shoe goes to these crocodile cap toe chelsea boots. They're cute enough to make a statement, but low-key enough not to take away from that amazing dress you're wearing.  Okay, so these Alexander Wang boots walk a fine line between an ankle and chelsea boot, but how can you not obsess over the cut-out heel? They would look amazing with a white tee and jeans for an effortless look. No need to commit to a full-on rain boot or snow boot—these two-tone Prada chunky patent leather boots with rubber soles will save you in all kinds of weather with their no-skid traction underneath.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Every single dress is 40 percent off!Whether you have a calendar jam-packed with weddings or simply prefer to spend the dog days of summer in light, airy sundresses, one thing's for sure: You can never have too many dresses in your closet. We know you don't need an excuse to add a new frock to your ever-growing collection, but Anthropologie's sale will give you an extra nudge. Right now, the site is offering up to 40 percent off every. single. dress.We love the breezy, bohemian spirit Anthropologie infuses into its inventory—and its dresses are no exception. From printed frocks that'll receive plenty of compliments at your co-working space to vacation-ready sundresses to formal finds for black-tie galas and weddings, Anthropologie has a dress for everyone. Plus, if you spend more than $100, Anthropologie will automatically throw in free shipping.To help get you into the shopping spirit, we've rounded up our favorite styles from the sale, below. $160$63.96$120$96$209$146.30$140$112$180$126$280$224$343$274.40$180$144 For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Style them with leather ankle boots or chunky sneakers.For some, fall weather means the return of cardigans and denim jackets. For me, it means knitted sweater dresses and long-sleeve maxis I can wear with boots. The new season offers hundreds, if not thousands of maxi dress styles, so where does one even begin to shop? Before you browse through 30 pages of dresses from your favorite retailers, here's a present: I've done the homework for you. The 15 maxi dresses ahead will have you covered for all facets of your life—work, brunch, parties, pumpkin patches, apple picking.... So shop away and spend that extra time you now have outdoors, soaking up the last bits of summer.One of the most versatile dresses for fall is this floral-print silk crepe de chine maxi from RIXO. You can wear with heels to that Saturday wedding and with flats for work Monday morning. The piece has a pretty twisted front detail and fluttery sleeves that were inspired by styles from the '30s.   This dress, with its warm gold and brown tones, reflect the colors of fall foliage. Though butterflies may not be bountiful at this time of the year, they will forever be immortalized in the print of the dress. The style also appeals to more boho than overly sweet senses thanks to the long puff sleeves and lace trim on the chest.You're looking for an affordable blush dress all your bridesmaids can wear: here it is. The flattering wrap design and tiered sleeves will make anyone feel comfortable once they slip the dress on. Your bridesmaids can even rewear this again for all their other weddings.Net-a-Porter's exclusive capsule collection with The Row offers the most beautiful chambray blue mélange hue I've ever seen. The cool tone is both calming and soothing while the dress itself falls artfully over the body. Don't miss the important details like the gathered shoulders and sleeve cuffs. If this dress doesn't immediately remind you of something Kate Middleton would wear, please study all her past looks. (Okay, I know I'm a little obsessed.) The modesty in the garment is offset by the vibrant green and white print, which makes the maxi all the more bold and daring to wear.Choose a lightweight cotton dress to transition from summer into fall. Once the weather gets colder, you can layer on a coat and wear with flats or western-inspired boots. The long blouson sleeves give off Little House on the Prairie vibes, which I honestly don't mind. This maxi will come in handy for mornings when you're already running 10 minutes behind schedule. Just throw on some earrings voluminous floral and stripe dress do its thing. The silhouette alone already makes a stylish statement. This is the kind of dress I would pack for seaside vacations in Italy or for wandering around in at Turkish markets or artisan fleas in Mexico City. Basically, this is the perfect travel dress because of the photogenic color, print, and tassels. Pair with sandals, or sneakers if you want more comfort.This LoveShackFancy is too pretty to wear only one season a year so extend its closet life by layering a long-sleeve tee or a turtleneck top underneath when it gets cold. Instead of sandals, give it the athelsiure touch with a pair of sporty or chunky sneakers.Brides, I've found the most romantic multi-tier dress you can wear for your reception dinner or bridal shower in the fall. Unlike the brighter florals of summer, this maxi contains more muted pinks and greens for a softer tone. The black lace trims add structure and highlights your frame, so you don't drown in fabric.Tired of florals? Then how about stripes? This watercolor brushstroke maxi will look great under a denim jacket or black leather moto outerwear—your go-to's for autumn weather. The best part about this dress is that it's size inclusive, ranging from extra small to double XL. Let your black leather knee-high boots peek out from underneath the flouncy skirt of this Michael Kors dress. It's an unexpected pairing for most, but if you've been watching the runways then you know this is the combo to try for the season.I've had my eye on investing in a vegan leather piece from Nanushka and this dress is calling my name. The material is buttery soft and smooth, so it comfortably lays on your body. It also comes with functional buttons in the front and a detachable waist belt to enhance your frame.When you don't know what to wear to those fall weddings, this dress will come to the rescue. The floral print in a neutral color is perfect for autumn as you kiss goodbye your summer brights. Wear with wedges for the wedding or sneakers when you want to look more casual.Kate Moss' '90s slip dress was iconic (and very sheer). If you're feeling nostalgic for that era, scoop up this long, slinky dress from Silk Laundry. The garment dips low in the back—and front—for added sex appeal. Slip on casual sandals and top with an extra-long cardigan for those late summer/early fall beachside bonfires.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The '90s staple is back, and, yeah, you need one.  Ever since that '90s staple, the fanny pack, made a comeback on the spring 2018 runways, everybody has changed their mind about them. Especially after Kendall Jenner and Beyoncé began wearing fanny packs of their own, and street style stars rocked them at front row at Fashion Week. The industry has fully re-embraced this beloved throwback accessory, and it's time you do, too.If you're  still skeptical about the trend, or haven't yet found the fanny pack you love, I understand. There are plenty of duds out there, which is why I went on a hunt to find the very best ones for 2019. These include the most current styles and at every price point. Whether you want a pouch under $20 for upcoming music festivals, or a designer one to replace your crossbody bag with, you'll find the one within the 14 options, ahead. This Western-inspired fanny pack has scalloped edges for a sweet effect. It's a nice way to ease yourself into the belt bag trend without going into full tourist mode. There's the fanny pack and then the "fashion" fanny pack. This Jacquemus option falls into the latter. With a structured envelope silhouette and a gold logo on the front flap, the design is both sleek and functional.   You've seen this Gucci fanny pack on all your favorite street style stars, so maybe it's time to finally splurge on one of your own. Draw inspo from the fashion crowd and wear this over a blazer, crop top, and biker shorts. Here's a trio of leather pouches to stuff your chapstick, loose change, and concert tickets into. Each compartment can hold specific items, so your fanny pack isn't one big pouch of chaos. Marie Kondo would be proud.The unisex fanny pack you and your SO can share together. The camo print is suitable for guys who want a little design, but nothing too crazy and great for ladies who prefer darker tones in their accessories. You need a budget-friendly fanny pack to hold you over for music festivals, right? I recommend this no-fuss pouch from Fila, which is only $34. Aside from the affordable price, it also comes in black for another easy-to-wear option. Sporty gals will obsess over this Adidas by Stella McCartney fanny pack. The front pouch sports the name of two well-known brands while the overall design is smooth and athletic for on-the-go wearers. I love bags you can wear multiple ways, like this Marc Jacobs piece. It comes with both an adjustable webbing waist belt and a gold crossbody chain strap. Also, you can thank the brand for offering this versatile bag in six different two-toned shades.Colorful fanny packs can be hard to match with everyday outfits, but that's not the case with this one. The muted hues work together to create a soothing palette for the eyes. Wear with this white dress.Parisa Wang takes the traditional fanny pack shape and flips it vertically to play with the style around your waist. This drop pouch has a vintage feel because of the gold hardware and croc-embossed design, so wear with your favorite Levi's 501. The kind of fanny pack you'd bring with you on a fancy yacht outing in Lake Como (okay, let a girl dream). Between the croc embossing and the useful two-pouch contraption, this accessory does all it's asked to and more. Pair with a floral summer dress and complete the look with espadrille sandals. Neon accessories scare some people, but not you. You're already thinking of all the ways to incorporate this half-moon fanny pack from Amsterdam-based label Wandler into your weekend outfits. Don't feel like wearing it around your waist that day? No worries, the straps can turn it into a regular shoulder bag.Rihanna's fanny packs are wearable and make a fashion statement. This larger-than-life bow comes in two colors, green and pink, with a zip-up pouch on the back. With this around your waist, you don't need any other accessories. This Rag & Bone fanny pack unsnaps from all sides to reveal a cowhide and inner suede lining. But don't worry about any contents spilling out—its sleek and sturdy shape will protect all your belongings. •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It has become my summer uniform.In our biweekly series, editors share "the item they wear to death," whether it be a basic white tee or a super-trendy jumpsuit. Prepare yourself (and your credit card) for some guilt-free shopping.Peek inside my closet and you'll be able to tell right away that I don't wear a lot of color. In the fall, you can catch me in jeans and a neutral-colored sweater seven days out of the week. Usually, in the summer, I gravitate towards creams and browns. But recently, I did a 180 and started wearing floral print. My current favorite: this LoveShackFancy dress. It's become my summer uniform. This particular piece is more than just a cute prairie dress—it is the dress that opened my eyes to color, florals, and the maxi length, which I once regarded as annoying to wear. (Tripping on your hem as you walk down, or up, the stairs? No thanks.) I decided to give the LoveShackFancy maxi a try, though, because 1) maxis are super popular right now and I'm a fashion editor committed to trying the latest trends and 2) I wanted to see what the big deal was with prairie dresses. As soon as I slipped this dress on, everything felt right. The hem rests just above my ankles, so it doesn't drag or pick up dirt on the ground as I walk. The cap sleeves puff up for a very Disney princess-like feel, while the neckline shows off my collar bones. With it, I wear layers of dainty gold necklaces, which neatly fill in the empty space. I also love the vintage-style shirred bust and the fitted waistband that highlights my midsection. It is extremely flattering and comfortable.  I have been wearing this dress to death—literally—this summer (there is a minor rip at the hem...oops?). When the season first began and the weather was above 50 degrees, I paired it with a bootie and a cardigan. Once the heatwave (and humidity) arrived, I swapped the boots for a pair of kitten heel sandals. And, you can bet on me wearing this right up until the first few weeks of fall. The dress will be my last hurrah in breezy summer clothes before I wrap myself up in winter puffer coats.    I couldn't resist taking a selfie in the maxi at work, and I've worn this dress on dates with bae and for walks around Madison Square Park, too. It's the perfect-for-all-occasions romantic dress. PSA: Does anyone know a good tailor who can fix the hem? I'd like to wear this floral dress again next summer.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Chose your fighter: Amazon's Personal Shopper by Prime Wardrobe service or The Drop, a collection curated by your favorite influencers? Well, it may just have to be both because today, August 6, Amazon is releasing its newest collection for The Drop curated by The Fashion Guitar blogger herself, Charlotte Groeneveld.Groeneveld, known for her effortless style that typically consists of simple, comfortable pieces paired with statement accessories or shoes, put together a 14-piece collection that includes styles that were seemingly inspired by this year's prairie/victorian trend, including a mint green puff-sleeve floor-length gown Groeneveld calls the "hero" of her collection and a white, high-neck bib mini dress that features a ruffle hem. It's not all romantic dresses and blouses, though. Groeneveld's collection also features bubble gum pink cycling shorts, loose chambray shorts, pink wide-leg trousers, and more. “The collection is an extension of my own wardrobe, but filling the gaps with pieces I felt were still missing,” Charlotte told People. “It’s inspired by today’s street style rather than runway collections. It brings together everything I love seeing on women around me.”The entire collection is live now, but only for 30 hours. Shop the full range at amazon.com/TheDrop, download the Amazon App on your mobile, or shop some of our favorite pieces. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.subscribe hereFrom: ELLE US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Queen. Rihanna is the queen of airport outfits, and her latest just-got-off-the-plane look proves it. The singer landed in Barbados, her native home, over the weekend, and stepped off the plane in a chic-as-can-be black ensemble. She wore a Collina Strada long-sleeve top crop top and a flowing wrap skirt that parted in the middle to a daringly high slit. The skirt blew open to reveal a pair of strappy black heels underneath. Though they weren't Manolo Blahniks this time around, you can tell Riri doesn't mind wearing heels to the airport (especially if she ended up flying private to Barbados). The star finished off her outfit with a black croc-like handbag and some choice pieces of jewelry, including an anklet she paired with her heels. This all-black look was definitely the least flashy of her planned ensembles for the week, given that Rihanna was spotted in a pink feathery outfit just a few days ago. The star is back home and flashing some incredible outfits for Crop Over, which is an annual event that honors the end of the sugar cane season and has been a 200-year-old tradition in the country. Rihanna hopped off the plane in all black: The brand gave her a shout-out on the 'gram: The lovely bad girl @badgalriri serving a hot Barbados look in our AW19 Osho top available soon! Or now @thelncc  Photo credit @reekolynchvisualA post shared by  Collina Strada (@collinastrada) on Aug 5, 2019 at 9:39am PDTLater, Rihanna switched out her heels for a more practical pair of sneakers while out and about with friends. If you love Riri's black skirt with the sexy middle part, shop similar options below.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I'm ready for spiced lattes and cider weather, y'all. The item of clothing I'm willing to splurge on year after year isn't a new pair of shoes or a designer handbag, it's a nice coat. Sometimes I'll go with a trendy option, like the teddy bear jacket. Other times, I prioritize practicality and opt for a long down coat, which more or less means I'm traipsing the streets of Manhattan in a black sleeping bag. (It's definitely not trendy, but oh-so-very warm.) I'm a firm believer that your coat should last you through multiple seasons, but with so many new styles coming out annually, I can't resist buying a new one...or two. If you're in the market for a fresh jacket, too, keep clicking; we've hand-picked the top coats of 2019. Whether you plan to swaddle yourself in cozy faux-shearling or bury your hands in some wool pockets, the outerwear choices ahead won't disappoint.Don't own a puffer yet? You should—unlike wool coats, which can get heavy, puffers are lightweight but fully insulated to keep you warm and toasty through winter as you battle the snow and wind on your way to work. This year, get one with a little something fresh, like this lavender color.This contemporary trench-style coat feels fresh thanks to the absence of a belt and a double breasted button design that disappears under two white lapels. Despite all this, however, the olive tone and details will withstand the test of time. Wear with everything.A denim jacket that has it all. From the camo print collar to the waist belt and two oversized front pockets, this number will stand out as soon as you walk into the room. Go for that full Canadian tuxedo look, you can do it.This glossy outerwear is lightweight, has a relaxed fit, and is unlined so you can still wear your bulkiest sweaters underneath. It's also water-repellent, so even on the stormiest days you won't get soaked. Style over a minidress for the early days of fall, then knit separates as the weather cools down.This plaid wool coat is on the thinner side, making it a suitable layer over your favorite fall knits. With a print and color that are timeless, you can count on buying this now and wearing it into fall 2020 and beyond.Throw it back to the '70s with this whiskey-colored coat from Chloé. Go boho with a swinging maxi skirt underneath and western-style booties.Kate Spade has hopped on to the textured trend for fall by releasing this faux-fur coat with a curly design. It reminds me of a Goldendoodle's fur, so naturally I'd want to run my hands over this plush outerwear 24/7. Trading in all my trench coats for this asap.This is the understated, polished gray coat you can count on to match all your outfits. The tailored fit, side pockets, and length are classic details that will satisfy even the pickiest outerwear shoppers. Dress it down with sneakers or up with heels.This is the kind of coat you'd find in your grandmother's (vintage-chic) closet. Go ahead and play dress up with this lime green brocade coat by wearing it over a dress or even jeans for a more modern look. You'll make a strong style statement as soon as you leave the apartment. Breathe a sigh of relief: Teddy coats aren't out of fashion yet. That means you still have time to grab this cream-colored piece and wear it every day until the weather calls for a puffer jacket. It'll look great with blue jeans, a turtleneck chunky knit sweater, and brown suede ankle boots.For a puffer coat that goes past the hips and looks modern from all angles (you don't want to look like an Emperor Penguin), check out this one from DKNY. It has an exposed asymmetrical zipper at the front and a practical hood to keep your head warm.Ksubi and Kendall Jenner collaborated on a capsule collection inspired by popular styles of the early aughts, including this oversize denim jacket. It has a boxy and boyish feel, so don't be surprised if your SO requests that you buy him one too. Style with high-waisted jeans and these Senso mule heels.Max Mara is known for its plush teddy bear-like coats and this season's iteration stands out more than ever thanks to the cool blue color. Made from a plush alpaca and wool-blend that's brushed for added softness, the coat will feel so luxe that you won't even want to take it off indoors. The denim duster is my dream summer-to-fall transitional coat. It's neither too heavy nor light (according to the reviews) and is, frankly, more stylish than a regular cropped denim jacket. I'd wear this with jeans of the same color, a black sweater, and brown riding boots. Denim-on-denim, here I come.For an outerwear option that's not too heavy and not too light, check out Seek Collective's stripe kimono. It's lightly lined in a woven cotton and ties at the waist to highlight your frame. This jacket is perfect for wearing in the beginning of fall when the night air suddenly becomes crisper and chillier. This oversize leather jacket with a belt is a stylish alternative to more traditional leather moto jackets with a fold-over lapel. It still has that edge and versatility without making you look like every other person in the room.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Dressing like a duchess is generally a pretty pricey pastime. Thriftier royal watchers look out for deep discounts and almost-identical pieces to get a royal look for less and this latest Kate Middleton fashion find falls in the latter category. The dress in question is a green Suzannah dress that Kate was first spotted wearing back in 2014. She wore the dress for George's first birthday portraits, specifically. Kate's designer dress cost £475 (about $578), making it a non-starter for most commoners. Online store Shein is selling a cute replica of the dress for £12.99 (a little under $16). The find comes courtesy of the Instagram account @regal_replikate, which shared the bargain-priced find earlier this week. "An oldie but a goodie! I loved the budding heart tea dress by Suzannah when the duchess first wore it 2014. This dress from @shein_gb is a great option for a bargain #replikate!" the fan account wrote. "It had a similar print, color and style and at only £12.99 is a great way to get the #lookforless! Available from @shein_gb, called the 'Wrap Ditsy Floral Belted Dress.'"   An oldie but a goodie! I loved the budding heart tea dress by Suzannah when the duchess first wore it 2014. This dress from @shein_gb is a great option for a bargain #replikate! It had a similar print, color and style and at only £12.99 is a great way to get the #lookforless! Available from @shein_gb, called the “Wrap Ditsy Floral Belted Dress”. #duchessofcambridge #royalstyle #replikateA post shared by  Sophia (@regal_replikate) on Jul 31, 2019 at 10:15am PDTFor more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.subscribe here		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Otherwise known as her unofficial birthday wish list.Since Meghan Markle made her first appearance with Prince Harry in September 2017, royal fans have been obsessively tracking her favorite brands and designers. (Remember when she put Scottish handbag brand Strathberry on the map? Or made Mother jeans a brand nobody could stop talking about?) In honor of the Duchess of Sussex's 38th birthday on August 4, we're compiling the ultimate Meghan Markle birthday wish list filled with the brands she's been spotted in repeatedly both in her pre-royal life and currently. Consider it our gift to you, Meg. Meghan has worn Missoma's stackable rings for years, but was most noticeably spotted in them during a trip to Scotland in 2018. The British brand, founded by Marisa Hordern, is also a favorite of celebs like Margot Robbie and Kaia Gerber. For her birthday we're pretty positive Meg would appreciate an understated piece like this gold molten ring to add to her collection.Aquazzura is to Meghan Markle as Alexander McQueen is to Kate Middleton. She's been spotted wearing several pairs of Aquazzura pumps and sandals throughout the past couple years. She chose this specific pair to wear to Charlie van Straubenzee's wedding last August and even wore a pair from the brand on her wedding day. The first time Meg carried a Strathberry handbag, it sold out in 11 minutes. That's all you need to know. The best part of Meghan and Harry's first appearance as an official couple wasn't the hand-holding, it was the MOTHER jeans the soon-to-be-Duchess wore that proved how relatable and down-to-earth she is. You can shop even more MOTHER pairs during Nordstrom's Anniversary Sale, which, ironically, ends on Meghan's birthday. Speaking of Meg and Harry's first appearance, Marie Claire's Digital Director Sally Holmes can tell you exactly where she was when she spotted Meghan in good pal Misha Nonoo's "husband" shirt...and when she decided to buy five more. "I'd been on a hunt for the perfect white button down for several years (truly, at least five), with zero success. There was always something off about every shirt I tried on or bought-and-returned: too sheer, too boxy, too girly. Misha Nonoo's shirt is none of those things." More on the moment Sally fell in love here. Givenchy's Clare Waight Keller designed Meghan's gorgeous wedding dress. Since then, the Duchess of Sussex has been spotted in other Givenchy dresses and accessories. Not to mention, she presented Waight Keller with the British Womenswear Designer of the Year award. It's safe to say she'd gladly accept another belt or, you know, a custom-made wedding dress for her birthday. Meghan wore a pair of Birdies during her royal tour in New Zealand. According to People, she was originally sent a free pair and ended up loving the brand so much she bought her own. The slippers come in a variety of styles and prints, which is just another excuse for her to add another pair to her Frogmore Cottage closet. To this day, nobody can be sure whether or not the Away gift bags at Meghan's NYC baby shower were spon-con. No matter what, the brand is clearly Duchess-approved if she's giving the suitcases to her guests as favors. Away's carry-on comes equipped with a built-in charger and a hidden laundry bag. Whether it's a $30 J.Crew clutch or a men's utility jacket, it's obvious Meghan is obsessed with J.Crew's clothing and accessories. She would look amazing in this tie-waist jumpsuit. Meghan has worn her Krewe sunnies everywhere from the 2018 Invictus Games to the Taronga Zoo. Never enough sunnies. •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I'll take the Chanel, thanks.Even if you've gotten used to checking the time on your iPhone, a classic watch adds style and professionalism to any outfit. Whether you're looking for a sleek accessory that doubles as a bracelet, a colorful but classy band with Fitbit technology, a luxury Chanel watch you can pass on to your kids, or a chic and playful piece that won't break the bank, we've got you covered. Take a look at this season's best options for getting back into the watch game or just upgrading your current version. You don’t need to be a horologist to know they’re both functional and stylish.Gift the love bird in your life this pastel pink watch with two parrots facing each other on the dial. It's a playful design that's perfect for anyone you care about in your life, from your SO to your niece.This rectangular watch has an old-school feel because of the dial, which makes it perfect for vintage lovers. Instead of all black, the face is peppered with diamond accent markers and gold-toned hands for that extra oomph.This statement watch has everything you could possibly want to stand out, from the rectangular plexiglass center and mother-of-pearl dial to the canary-yellow jewels and multicolored bangle. Keep your outfit simple to let this piece really shine. Don't worry about scratches and marks on your watch band with this rubber alternative from Skagen. The streamlined Scandinavian design and cool tonal blue adds a softness as well as color to all your outfits. For the ultimate timeless designer watch, you'll have to go with a Rolex. This one is a new model that just debuted on the market, which features an oyster band and scattered diamonds around the face and roman numerals. With this stunner on your arm, you won't need any other jewelry. This piece is special because of the see-through portion in the face of the watch, which spells out "Versus Versus." Two lion heads give the accessory a rather fierce vibe while the silver and black colors complement each other. For those who love a classic brown leather band watch, get this affordable piece from Timex. Despite all the distinctive designs, from the three subdials to date window and dial ring, it still has a minimalist feel. This watch looks like a million bucks, but won't break the bank, thanks to the intricate subdials and face of the accessory. The white band gives it a clean, fresh look, which will look so good with a crisp white button-up shirt.Amsterdam-based brand Cluse is known for its no-fuss yet elegant watches, like this rose gold and marble timepiece. The clean smooth lines, not to mention the affordable price, will speak to a minimalist who seeks a luxe-looking piece.The next time your sister is running late (again), give her this double-faced watch. It'll be a gentle hint for her to get her act together, because there's really no mistaking the time when there are two dials to reference.This Tory Burch watch-slash-bangle makes it possible to constantly switch hues with its interchangeable top rings. You'll feel like you're wearing a new accessory every time.This Fitbit comes in a charcoal shade and many other colors for numerous styling possibilities. Aside from the design, this timepiece is useful in several ways—it can track your cycle, quality of sleep, and receive smartphone notifications. You can even store over 300+ songs on your watch, so you can run to the beat of your favorite tunes without bringing your phone. After you're done browsing Chanel's latest handbags, head over to the watch section—they're equally as covetable. This one, made from steel, ceramic, and mother of pearls, comes in an understated white shade, with diamonds adding just a hint of sparkle.On the other end of the sporty spectrum is this sweet, feminine watch, which has a floral dial and blush tone leather strap. It even comes with a matching set of bees and faux pearl drop earrings, making it a great gift set.For a watch that doesn't look like a watch, you'll want to splurge on this piece. The lizard skin band makes the accessory look like a bracelet, but notice the lock charm. It features a tiny dial—perfect for inconspicuous time-telling. If you love when your accessories stand out, this pink watch is right up your alley. Thanks to its bright tone, it won't go unnoticed on your wrist, so prepare for your coworkers' compliments. Masculine meets feminine in this sleek black Movado watch. The piece is completely dial-less, with only a cool signature museum dot at 12 o'clock. For those who like simple, clean designs, this piece has you covered.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Queen Letizia of Spain was spotted out and about yesterday in an outfit that's so perfect for a semi-professional workwear look in the middle of a super-hot August that I'm adding it to my dream board immediately. The khaki linen blend jumpsuit is from Spanish brand Mango, and even better, it's less than $100. According to HELLO!: "On Thursday, Letizia was joined by her daughters, and her mother-in-law Queen Sofia, for a day out in Mallorca (they reportedly went to watch The Lion King at the cinema)." What did you think of Beyonce, Letizia??She paired the look with espadrilles and a matching, summer-friendly straw bag. Letizia does accessible fashion so well that a recent Zara dress that she wore was on sale for $30. This isn't quite that affordable, but it's still very accessible considering Letizia can also wear outfits that routinely run into the thousands of dollars. Soooo I'm pretty sure I "need" this, right? I only have one jumpsuit and it's black and for the winter! A summer linen version would absolutely help beat the heat in style. Here's the full outfit: I love it. Perfect for the weather, doesn't look too casual or undone, and totally breathable. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Should we go sheer too?While some celebrities might describe their style as demure, others love to take risks with the outfits they wear down the red carpet—so much so that we've occasionally seen a few NSFW wardrobe malfunctions. Whether it's a completely sheer gown, or barely enough fabric to be considered a dress, many Hollywood A-listers have worn just about anything to awards shows and movie premieres. Click through to see your favorite stars wearing outfits that are sheer, low-cut, with cut-outs, or thigh-high slits...and sometimes, all of the above!Bella loves her Christian Dior sheer tulle gowns and showed off another one from the fashion house for the premiere of Rocketman at Cannes in 2019. The model made an appearance at Cannes in a stunning red halter dress that had a super high side slit. The Julien Macdonald number flowed in the wind as the model worked it for the cameras.No bra, no problem for Kim. She was seen in this bondage-style vintage dress by Thierry Mugler as she made her way to the 2019 Hollywood Beauty Awards.The singer attended the world premiere of  Alita: Battle Angel in a strapless striped bodysuit with a cage skirt overlay. It highlighted her waist and long legs.After walking the runway in lingerie at the 2018 VSFS, the Brazilian model stayed with the naked theme in a tiered tulle dress. The after-party always calls for see-through sexy outfits.The singer matched the red carpet at the 2015 Met Gala in her Versace gown. In true JLo fashion, the body-hugging dress was mostly sheer. In lieu of a dress, Miley showed up to the 2013 iHeart Radio Awards in a corset bustier and lace-up boy shorts. She traded in stilletos for a pair of heeled Converse kicks.The connoisseur of slip dresses, Kate Moss made this sheer look work for a party back in 1993. It was simply effortless.The actress arrived to the premiere of Thor: The Dark World in a long-sleeve black dress. It was anything but boring though thanks to the sheer slit on the back, which revealed her curvy frame. The actress showed up to the Los Angeles premiere of Iron Man 3 in an Antonio Berardi dress. The look was covered in the front, but when she turned to the sides it was 100 percent sheer and sexy. This Julien Macdonald dress first popped up on the spring 2018 runway and was spotted on Ciara at the 2018 Billboard Music Awards. The singer kept things simple with just a pair of strappy heels.You can always count on a star or two to wear a naked dress to after-parties. Elsa Hosk showed up at the 2018 Vanity Fair Oscar soirée  in this see-through crystal-studded Alberta Ferretti dress and René Caovilla heels.For the 2017 amfAR Gala, Bella showed up in this custom Ralph & Russo couture dress. The crystals reminded us of morning dew, especially when Bella stepped onto the grass.  The naked jumpsuit is just as sexy as the naked dress. Hailey Baldwin pulled off this all-black lace one-piece at the 2017 MTV Video Music Awards.The model turned heads in her Cher-inspired outfit at the 2019 Met Gala. It was a daring custom  Dundas design that exposed every inch of her silhouette. Roberts is evidence that the naked dress can be worn in a glamorous and tasteful manner. She chose this Yanina Couture dress with Christian Louboutin shoes for the 2019 Vanity Fair Oscars After-Party.By now, always expect Jenner to wear a naked dress to a red carpet event. She bared it all in this white Schiaparelli gown in 2018. At the 2018 Cannes Film Festival, Cotillard wore a sheer Guy LaRoche dress while protesting the lack of female filmmakers honored throughout the history of the festival. Kravitz attended the 2018 Met Gala on May 7 in a Saint Laurent lace dress that exposed her whole right side. She looked amazing.Minaj attended the 2018 MTV Video Music Awards at Radio City Music Hall in New York City. She wore an Off-White bodysuit and sheer skirt that revealed all her curves. Ora also attended the 2018 MTV Video Music Awards that same night. She wore a swirly patterned dress from Fleur du Mal that left little to the imagination.Sampaio attended the 2018 Fashion For Relief party in Cannes, France. The model chose a Roberto Cavalli dress that was covered on top, but completely see-through on the bottom. Somehow, only Kim can make a pair of sheer leggings work with a leather blazer and a bandeau bra. She was snapped in this outfit back in 2017, but two years later, the naked ensemble is still just as memorable.The model arrived at Vanity Fair's Oscars after-party in 2018 wearing a bejeweled Ralph & Russo dress with Giuseppe Zanotti shoes and Lorraine Schwartz jewelry. There's no secret she killed it in this naked dress. Jenner attended a Tiffany & Co. event in New York City while wearing a sheer Elie Saab dress. She really #freedthenipple in this look.Cox attended the 49th NAACP Image Awards in California. Her Abyss by Abby dress was sparkly and completely see-through to reveal a bodysuit underneath. She wore Stuart Weitzman heels, jewelry by BaubleBar and H. Stern, and carried a Lilian Afshar clutch.  Miley Cyrus is known for her NSFW looks, but she really outdid herself at the 2015 VMAs. Here, she channeled a sexy Princess Leia in this strappy, silver chandelier-like outfit that just barley covers anything.The rapper and singer attended Haider Ackerman's Fall 2017 show in Paris with one boob out, opting to cover her nipple with a black diamond pastie. Needless to say, all eyes were likely on her—not the runway.Bella Hadid wore a silver beaded gown with a plunging neckline to the after parties of her first Victoria's Secret fashion show in 2016—and it was clear she's comfortable in lingerie; her nude thong was completely visible under her see-through dress.Miranada Kerr's backless black gown looks as though it's merely being held together by giant safety pins. Posed with her left leg sticking out, it reminds of us the Angelina Jolie's right leg meme. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Rodarte! Jason Wu! Hunter!Target, the place where you buy everything, has something special up its sleeve. To celebrate 20 years of its Design for All program, the retailer will bring back almost 300 limited-edition items from 20 of its past designer collaborations. That means, yes, the lacy dress you wanted from Rodarte's 2009 x Target collab might be up for grabs once again. Prices will range from $7 to $160, which fits perfectly into the giant retailer's mission of affordable fashion. The Anniversary Collection will be available in stores and online starting Saturday, September 14. (I already set the date in my iPhone cal.) In addition to getting your shopping fix, Target is releasing a documentary on the Design for All program, plus a book that will focus on Target's history of design.  While we wait to see which exact pieces will be offered, check out the full list of designers participating in the Anniversary Collection:For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			They're not just for the office.Pencil skirts often have a reputation for looking stuffy and old school, which is silly—they're anything but if you know how to style them. Instead of looking at your black skirt as that boring ol' piece for the cubicle life, think of it as a blank canvas for a statement top or accessory that shows off your personality. Speaking of personality, pencil skirt styles can range from denim designs with a side slit to flowy at the bottom with a pretty floral print. If you need more inspiration as to how to make your everyday pencil skirt feel fresh and current (and for more than the office), scroll down for some quick style tips, then shop the exact pieces you're still missing.If you work in a more corporate office, invest in a black pencil skirt. The bottom might be a bit tame, but consider it a blank canvas for a bright floral top or a colorful handbag. You may even get away with wearing a pair of open-toed sandals that are trendier than what the HR handbook states. With the right accessories, you can easily take this bottom from work to happy hour any day of the week.Shop the pieces: 1. Rebecca Taylor chiffon top, $275; 2. Banana Republic skirt, $98; 3. Shashi earrings, $36; 4. Frame Les Second bag, $450; 5. Zara heeled mules, $50For those with more freedom at their 9-to-5, give this tiger print pencil skirt a try. It definitely makes a statement, which is why you should tone it down with a plain white blouse, gold hoop earrings, and black slides. You may even want to repeat this outfit on the weekend (swap the tee for a sleeveless crop top). Shop the pieces: 1. Mango blouse, $50; 2. Carolina Herrera skirt, $1,490; 3. Shashi earrings, $55; 4. Clare V. bag, $118; 5. Kaanas sandals, $65For meetings where you want to look professional but not stuffy, this bold floral printed skirt is a good way to break up a plain-shirt-and-blazer combo. The skirt is a good conversation starter—you'll definitely earn some compliments from the room. Add on a structured accessory like this crossbody bag and slingback heels for a polished ensemble. Shop the pieces: 1. Mango top, $30; 2. Eliza J blazer, $78;  3. Diane von Furstenberg skirt, $248;  4. Strathberry tote, $955; 5. Prada slingback pumps, $690Come Saturday, swap your heels for sneakers and a traditional pencil skirt for a more laidback denim version. (The side slit in the middle is definitely NSFW.) Instead of a blazer, slip on this tie-dye turtleneck, which is a warm enough layer to take you from end of the summer into fall temperatures. Shop the pieces: 1. Proenza Schouler turtleneck top, $590; 2. 3x1 denim skirt, $245; 3. AllSaints leather tote, $378; 4. Veja sneakers, $135 The pencil skirt you should pack when you take that much needed PTO. It has the same structure as your 9-to-5 look, but with sexier details, like side ruching and a high-rise slit. The vibrant florals also transport your senses from the cubicle to faraway beaches. Trade in your work tote for a smaller, cuter bag and top off with a floral bucket hat. Happy travels!Shop the pieces: 1. Reformation linen top, $148; 2. Madewell bucket hat, $25; 3. Altuzarra midi skirt, $397; 4. By Far bag, $372; 5. Cocobelle slides, $129••• For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Here's what she might include in the capsule collection.If Meghan Markle guest editing British Vogue wasn't enough to make you gasp on a Sunday afternoon (a.k.a. me), then just you wait. The Duchess of Sussex has another revelation up her sleeve: Meghan shared with the mag that she will be launching a workwear capsule collection to benefit benefit Smart Works HQ, a charity that helps unemployed women get back into the workplace. (Meghan first visited the charity back in January 2019 and Smart Works HQ is one of her royal patronages.)According to royal reporter Omid Scobie, Meghan wrote in British Vogue, "For each item purchased by a customer, one is donated to charity. Not only does this allow us to be part of each other's story, it reminds us we are in it together." Meghan is partnering with Marks & Spencer and John Lewis, the brand Jigsaw, and designer Misha Nonoo (who was also rumored to have introduced Meghan to Prince Harry). The charitable collection will launch later this year.Duchess Meghan has revealed she has partnered with @marksandspencer, @jlandpartners, @Jigsaw and friend @mishanonoo to launch a capsule collection of workwear to benefit @SmartWorksHQ, the nationwide charity that helps unemployed and vulnerable women back into the workplace. pic.twitter.com/RUgpLTHKPfThough we don't know what exactly will be in this royal-approved collection, based on Meghan's preference for classic silhouettes and streamlined styles, you can pretty much infer that there will be plenty of basic black dresses, pencil skirts, and maybe even a white button-up shirt like the Misha Nonoo one she wore to the 2017 Invictus Games. The Duchess of Sussex has also worn a variety of affordable Marks & Spencer pieces, so perhaps she will recreate some of her favorites from the retailer for this collection. Here are all the times she wore the Marks & Spencer brand:Regardless of what Meghan releases later this year, her pieces will sell out immediately. While we wait for more news on the collab, shop some items from Marks & Spencer we can definitely see the Duchess already owning.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Try out the season's daintiest accessory for yourself.When it comes to jewelry, you're probably already well-stocked on the basics. Rings, necklaces, and bracelets always have been and always will be closet essentials. But if you'd like to shake up your accessories, consider adding a gold anklet to your usual rotation. Whether you opt for a thin, delicate option or one that's bolder, anklets add a feminine, trendy touch to even the simplest of outfits. Designers have adorned their  recent designs with everything from pukka shells—another major trend this summer—and shimmery pearlescent beading. If you're in the market for something new. Check out our favorite picks.Created by two female-led brands, this limited-edition 14 karat gold anklet adds a touch of elegance to any outfit. These rice-grained shaped pearls look delicate around your anklets and adds texture to an outfit without completely taking away from your look. Wear it on a seaside vacation or to the office with your favorite pair of ballet flats. Want something more creative than a diamond necklace? This piece has the same amount of shimmer but is far more discreet. If you've been loving pukka shells this summer, this piece from Aurelie Bidermann is the perfect piece to add to your collection. Forget wearing your heart on your sleeve — wear it on your ankle instead with this sweet charm.  Add some interest to even the most laid-back of looks with this anklet. The charms will stand out against a nude or black shoe.  If you're in desperate need of a vacation but can't seem to get out of your office, pick up this piece by Argento Vivo. This chunkier chain will contrast with the barely-there sandals that you've been loving all summer long.  Adding elements such as the oblong-shaped pearl give this piece a more rustic feel. The mix of coins and pearls make this option look way more expensive than it actually is. Sick of sticking to only one color in your jewelry? The tiny emeralds on this anklet will catch the light but won't be too distracting from the rest of your outfit. The slightly larger beading on this delicate pick add some extra sparkle. If you're trying to rock the trend without breaking the bank, look no further than this chain. Not only is it super inexpensive, but it will get to you super fast thanks to Amazon's shipping. •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE NOW		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			If you, like me, have a borderline unhealthy obsession with shopping at Anthropologie, Free People, and Urban Outfitters, try not to freak out: As of today, July 30, URBN—the parent company of said brands—has officially launched a subscription clothing rental service called Nuuly, which will feature the company's "big three," hundreds of other labels like AGOLDE and Paige, as well as up-and-coming designers.When Rent the Runway was born a decade ago, nobody knew how popular clothing rental services would become. URBN did its homework and found that its customers were increasingly interested in using subscription services, but hadn't necessarily utilized it on the apparel side yet. While RTR carriers designer labels at a variety of price points, Nuuly is focused on an assortment of brands for its customer's everyday needs, whether that's heading to a work event, a wedding, or brunch with friends.  So, how does Nuuly work, exactly? You can choose up to six pieces to rent for only $88 per month and have them delivered straight to your home with Nuuly's free two-day shipping. And, no, it doesn't matter how much the pieces retail for on their own. So, basically, you can get incredible use out of a $300 vintage dress for less than half the price (along with five other items!). At the end of the month, you return the pieces in the reusable plastic- and hanger-free zipper bag that was designed to create as little waste as possible. With regards to inclusivity, Nuuly will work with Anthro to include the brand's extended sizing, which launched in March, and expand on its assortment with additional brands on the site. You also have the option to purchase the pieces if you end up loving them.Since the site is brand new, there could be a long waitlist. In the meantime, you can browse through some of our favorite items, below. Happy renting! For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Her jewelry game is strong.In a bi-weekly series, we're interviewing female executives, founders, CEOs—basically, boss ladies—on their "power suit" a.k.a. the outfit they wear every day for easy dressing to conquer whatever the job throws at them.Mejuri began with, and still rests on, this simple premise: A woman doesn't need a man to buy jewelry for her. She can buy it yourself. Noura Sakkijha, a former engineer and third-generation jeweler, grew up around the family business and noticed that traditional high-end jewelry brands always targeted men, encouraging them to buy luxe jewelry for women. The baubles were occasional purchases, something to be saved for holidays or special events. Sakkijha wished to tell a different story. "I wanted to create something that was exciting for women," says Sakkijha, who launched Mejuri in 2015. "The point of this direct-to-consumer brand is that women are buying jewelry for themselves or their friends. Men, and gifts from them, are welcome, but we're designing the content, brand values, photography, and everything for women."Scroll through Mejuri's Instagram page and you'll see how the brand's minimalist, clean aesthetic (much like that of Everlane and Reformation) has easily attracted nearly half a million followers. There are no cheesy photos of couples on the beach or super blinged-out proposal 'grams; the focus instead is on thin gold ring stacks or layered necklaces. Mejuri works to target 25- to 35-year-olds who live in major metropolitan areas who wouldn't think twice about buying quality, affordable jewelry (prices start at $29) for themselves. (Insert Destiny's Child "Independent Women" lyrics here). The brand opened up its first NYC showroom in December 2018 and, as someone who frequently walks past the SoHo store front, I can attest that it's always packed with—who else?—chic women. Mejuri entices its young shoppers with weekly drops every Monday to keep fans excited and waitlists for popular pieces that sell out quickly. The business recently raised $23 million in a Series B funding round, which will help push it further in its mission to providing quality, fine jewelry to women.  These days when Sakkijha isn't busy running Mejuri with her husband Majed, who is a co-founder and COO, she's raising their 4-month-old twin girls. (Sakkijha says that the secret sauce to working with your spouse is to divide and conquer.) Ahead, I caught up with the new mom to talk about how her morning routine has changed and how she dresses to go about her work as a #bosslady entrepreneur.   "I'm in the office most days, but my one rule is to be the first person my kids see when they wake up and the last person they see when they go to bed. I schedule my social life and work around that. Typically I'm woken up at 6 a.m. by cute noises from either or both girls. I get up, wash my face and brush my teeth, then go back to them. My husband and I take turns feeding them and playing with them. I read to them and we listen to songs together—that's a new routine. I am just putting them on a sleep training schedule, so we try to keep them awake until they go down for a nap. One of my favorite things to do in the mornings is pick out their outfits; I never just leave them in pajamas. My super nanny arrives around 8 a.m. and I'm in the office from 9 to 5."  "I have to credit my nanny because when she arrives in the morning, it gives me time to get dressed for the day. My style gives me a sense of confidence and I love picking out what to wear. When I get ready, it's really driven by my mood. If I have a formal meeting, then that dictates how casual I can go, meaning do I need to put my heels on? The nice thing about working in a creative industry is that I have the freedom to pick my clothes based on my mood and I get to express my own individuality. I don’t have to conform to a specific wardrobe. It can range from a suit to jeans, sneakers, and a t-shirt, which is what I wear most days.""For me, it's what makes me feel great that day. Right now I am in a white skirt and beige top. My go-to, however—if I don't have time to think about my look—is jeans, a white t-shirt or white top, and my star print Gucci loafers. The shoes are comfortable and elevate any look. I love brands like Everlane, Cuyana, and Aritzia. I'll sometimes mix in Zara pieces. When it comes to footwear, I invest a little more. I like Chanel heels or Louboutins, and in the winter, I wear Church's.  I have an Everlane bag for work, I used to wear a lot of Longchamp too. I tried to do the small, cute bag at work and carry my laptop in another bag, but that was too much. Now I just like to have one thing for my laptop because I lug it back and forth. I also always wear jewelry with my outfits. This summer I was obsessed with our oversized hoops, I have worn them for most of the summer. I am also testing out a new ear cuff that makes me feel very edgy. I always have on a necklace and have been wearing our diamond one for the last two years, which I never take off and love to layer other pieces with. Right now, I also have my wedding band on, a pinky ring, and four bracelets that I've been wearing for the past four months."    "Simple, strong, and elegant.""When it comes to how I look, confidence trumps everything and confidence comes from being happy and investing in myself. In general though, I do believe everything happens for a reason so if something doesn't work out, then I know, from the bottom of my heart, it didn't work out for a reason."For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's time to find your fall statement pieces.Whether it's that dress you're missing for summer or a pair of boots you need for fall (it's never too early to plan ahead), you'll find it at Nordstrom's anniversary sale. The sale is finally open to the public (Nordstrom cardmembers had the chance to shop things earlier this week), so it's time to move everything from your wishlist to your checkout cart. The sale ends August 5, a.k.a. all the prices will go back up, so get what you can now. Read ahead for some of my favorite picks. Original price: $78The perfect fuzzy pullover to snuggle into on a brisk Sunday morning while you drink your coffee on the porch or fire escape (for us city folks). Original price: $69Picking out a top to go with your bottoms is quick and painless when you have this versatile long-sleeve option hanging in your closet. Original price: $98Kick off autumn in a statement jacket that makes you excited for the change in weather. Later, bikinis. Original price: $48For those who hate underwire bras, they will love this wireless option that looks great underneath a t-shirt or sweater.Original price: $795Now's your chance to score one of the best designer footwear deals of the month. This classic Stuart Weitzman over-the-knee boot will help you save $295 if you buy it right now. Original price: $39Please don't make me take these off and put on real pants for work. These cozy joggers are ideal for the lounge lizards in all of us.Original price: $95This leather jacket is perfect in every way from the cropped cut to the belt bucket and lapels. Drape it over your shoulders at work when it gets too cold or save it for the fall weather.Original price: $49.95Basic flats are always the first shoes in our closets to wear out fast, so replenish your supply with this scalloped pair. You won't have to think twice about what to wear to work Monday through Fridays.Original price: $38If there's one thing we love more than Spanx it's Spanx that's also on sale. This pair in particular will help control the tummy, hips, and thighs while providing a slight lift in the rear.Original price: $159 You're looking for that statement piece. Well, you found it in this double-breasted coat with leopard spots and a glossy finish.  Original price: $69 Okay, this skirt isn't the most interesting piece on this list, but it's an actual necessity for important meetings at the office. Original price: $230To all my over packers, you definitely need to invest in a large suitcase. This one from Herschel is long, lean, and made with an aerodynamic design to get you to and from places quickly.Original price: $59Invest in a summer dress you can wear now and then again in the fall. Once the seasons change and temperatures drop, layer a black turtleneck underneath and wear the dress with ankle boots and a leather jacket.Original price: $99Use this sale to build out your fall wardrobe. This lightweight coat is the perfect transitional piece to add to your outerwear collection.Original price: $298Casual yet dressy enough for work, this block heel leather sandal looks great with a long-sleeve wrap dress or with jeans and a floral top. Original price: $79 This silky skirt would look amazing with a similar cream-colored sweater for a monochromatic ensemble. If you're feeling rather bold, style a leopard print cami with the skirt.Original price: $198I love the deep olive tones in this carry-all tote. It's structured, spacious, and versatile. Bring it to work or stuff it with miscellaneous items for that plane ride. Original price: $240Frame jeans are investment pieces, so now's the time to scoop up as many as you can. This bootcut style is inspired by the '70s high-rise silhouettes. Original price: $795Stay on schedule with this shiny ion-plated watch. The minimalist dial coupled with the sparkling crystals add just the right amount of arm candy. Original price: $200These water-repellent leather shoes are a good alternative to rain boots if you're not a fan. They can be worn with everything from leggings to midi dresses. Original price: $49You may not need a cardigan right now, but you'll surely want one when September rolls around. Be prepared and have this drapey cotton cardi in your closet. Original price: $39On days when you want to give your statement baubles a break, wear these daintier ear crawlers. They're a good everyday piece.Original price: $198Rainy days don't seem so bad when you get to wear this stylish glossy coat. It'll keep you dry against the elements on your morning commute.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Kate Middleton is a style icon, there's no question about that. Unfortunately for us normals, dressing like a royal is often an expensive/bank-account-breaking endeavor. But not always. Case in point: Kate's shockingly affordable pink and gold drop earrings. The Duchess of Cambridge was spotted wearing these beautiful accessories at her "Back to Nature" garden during an appearance at the RHS Hampton Court Palace Garden Festival on July 1. Of course, when royal fans realized that the earrings were crazy affordable (at just £8, or about $9.90), it was on. Like so many of the actually-affordable things that Kate wears in public, the pretty earrings sold out almost immediately.  If you missed out the first time, however, you're in luck because Kate's "Back to Nature" garden earrings are back in stock (for now, at least).Polly Petal earrings, £8  ($9.90)Per the Accessorize London site: "The pink gem drop numbers have a gold finish and gave an extra feminine touch to the two midi dresses Kate teamed them with." BRB, buying these immediately. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.subscribe here		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The pieces are for ladies on the go.  Katie Holmes might not post #outfitoftheday Instagrams (instead, you'll find nature pics and random musings on her account) or flaunt her BFF status with designers like Zac Posen, but the actress is something of a style star. Spot her walking down the streets of New York City (or, at least, spot a paparazzi shot of her walking down the street), and you'll see she's always wearing something worthy of a second glance.The actress gravitates towards a mix of neutrals and prints, blending in with the trendy New York fashion scene quite easily. One day she's wearing jeans and a white tee and the next, a bohemian dress with sandals. There is an effortless ease to her ensembles. And while she wears a range of brands regularly, there's one that dominates her everyday wardrobe: Ulla Johnson. The New York-based label is known for its boho prints and everyday resort-like pieces that are made for women on the go. Katie, who definitely fits this description, has worn almost every style from the brand, from jumpsuits to maxi dresses, for various occasions"It's so lovely to see Katie in my designs," Ulla Johnson told MarieClaire.com. "She always looks so beautiful, effortless, and truly herself, which is how I want every woman to feel when they are wearing my collection."Katie knows what she loves and sticks to it. Want proof that Ulla is her ultimate go-to? Check out the photo evidence below. @ullajohnsonA post shared by  Katie Holmes (@katieholmes212) on Mar 31, 2019 at 7:27am PDTFor further confirmation that Katie loves Ulla Johnson, she tagged the brand on Instagram while wearing this striped dress.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			We're almost halfway through summer, so if you're planning to buy only one more pair of slides (I just snagged these from Zara) or floral dress the time is now. If you need ideas for the latter, let Katie Holmes inspire your next dress purchase. The star was spotted out and about earlier this week wearing a super cute (and heat-friendly) red midi dress with white and blue florals. The dress featured a square neckline—the most popular detail for this season—with cap sleeves and a billowy silhouette to let the air flow through. The vibrant flower print looked great on Katie's bronzed skin and she finished the outfit off with brown lace-up sandals and a hobo satchel. Dubbed "The Nora," Katie's dress is a new style from Ulla Johnson's pre-fall 2019 collection. Katie has been wearing the brand non-stop this summer, from denim overalls to peasant blouses, and it seems like she owns everything from Ulla. This dress might be my favorite piece on her so far as it perfectly encapsulates those summer vibes. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Done. After a heated internal debate with myself, I've decided I'm 100 percent pro-dad sneakers. Though the trend started last year, retailers are now releasing even more chunky kicks for spring/summer 2019. These sneakers come in all colors, from Easter pinks and blues to prints like zebra and leopard. Some brands, like Joshua Sanders, even combined two trends into one—the PVC dad sneaker. This all goes to show that chunky soles aren't going anywhere this season. If you have yet to find your dad sneaker solemate, I'm here to help. I found 14 of the best pairs to shop right now. For a dad sneaker that actually looks like a dad sneaker (without borrowing your pop's), try these multi-colored kicks from Nike. The hues were inspired by art—and, most recently, the ladies on The U.S. Women's soccer team wore them with sweats. This will look just as casual, if not cooler, with your slip dress or billowy maxi skirt.These sneakers first appeared on the fall 2019 runways of Gucci and now they're finally available to purchase. The muti-colored footwear features distressed suede, metallic leather, and reflective fabric to give it a statement shine. Style with a white dress for summer and boyfriend jeans for the fall.The stand-out detail on this pair of Jeffrey Campbell kicks is the use of buckles in lieu of laces. For those of us who are tired of tying and retying shoe laces, you'll find comfort in knowing these buckles won't unlace themselves as you walk down the street. The maroon and brown colors are perfect for wearing into autumn, too.Golden Goose's beat-up and "dirty" sneaker aesthetic is iconic, but the brand has cleaned it up for its new Running Sole sneakers. The label dropped its own dad sneaker iteration that features leather, suede, and a glittery sole complete with the Golden Goose star logo. These squeaky-clean sneakers will look better with each wear and scuff—just as the brand intended. Don't underestimate this sneaker—it's not as plain as you think. The shoe has black-and-white pattern laces for a "look down here" statement and if that's not enough, there's always the brand's signature Prada lettering on the front and on the sides.I can 100 percent imagine Erica Sinclair of Stranger Things wearing these '80s-inspired sneakers. (Have you seen her colorful outfits?) The yellow, plum, and teal surprisingly work well together while the perfectly chunky sole gives it that signature dad sneaker stamp. Wear with high-waisted denim shorts and a white puff-shoulder top.These are your dad-has-gone-hiking-sneakers. With these on, you'll be able to conquer any uphill, or downhill, climb with ease and won't even feel the snap of twigs beneath your feet. Style with baggy jeans for that classic Alexander Wang look or with workout shorts for a more sporty touch.Not sure if you'll throw down $200 for chunky sneakers, but want to try a pair? Your journey will likely begin at trend-driven Zara, where you'll have a plethora of sneakers to choose from. In addition to Zara's subdued neutral pairs, the fast-fashion destination offers more unexpected sneakers—like this zebra design that, surprisingly, looks good with a floral dress. I love a good velcro sneaker when I can't be bothered with laces. (Monday mornings are rough, y'all.) This one-strap contraption and it's all-white color makes it easy for you to just slip on and go. The bulky and futuristic design highlights the evolution takes the '90s dad sneaker into the 21st century.My personal go-to for shoes that are trendy, but comfortable and affordable? Sam Edelman. While these sneakers clearly draw its inspo from the Balenciaga versions, fans will find the price point irresistible. Give these a test run, then if you decide you definitely need more dad sneakers, upgrade with a designer pair that will take you through to 2020.For those seeking a non-stark white sneaker, you'll love this pair from Mango. The cream and peach colors give it a softness and feminine feel compared to darker pairs like black and navy. Despite the coloring, it'll pair easily with everything in your spring wardrobe. I've had my eye on this sold-out floral sneaker from Schutz since last season and it's finally back in stock (!!). The blooming floral print coupled with the chunky sole gives it street style cred, and I can see myself wearing this with a white summer dress or high-waisted mom jeans. It was only a matter of time before someone combined the PVC trend with dad sneakers. This Joshua Sanders pair allows you to show off your springtime socks and presents a cool spin on the chunky sneaker look. Meanwhile, the leather cowhide on the exterior gives the footwear a luxe quality. Hi-Tec HTS74's trainers were first introduced in 1981 and worn by German and British army recruits. In this 2019 updated leather version, it's created with suede panelling and a "Rollin Gait System" on the midsole and outsole to support the natural movement of the foot. You can bet the comfort level on this shoe is a firm 10/10.  •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I found this treasure at a sample sale. In our biweekly series, editors share "the item they wear to death," whether it be a basic white tee or a super-trendy jumpsuit. Prepare yourself (and your credit card) for some guilt-free shopping.I have been working in the fashion industry from the moment I graduated college and that means I'm surrounded every day by beautiful clothes, shoes, and accessories that are all, sadly, always over my monthly budget. Luckily for me, though, my mother taught me how to find a bargain and, more importantly, she taught me to slash that price in half when my boyfriend asks how much I spent on said item (it's for his own sanity). This explains my love for sales. New York City is one of the fashion capitals of the world, and, in my opinion, it's also the bargain capital of the world—if you know where look. I found my favorite piece in my closet—this Altuzarra wrap-effect checkered midi skirt—at a sample sale for less than $200. It originally cost more than $900.I love this skirt for everything it offers: It's high waisted with a midi cut, which I find  to be the perfect length for me. (Over the years, I've learned that longer lengths can be sexy, especially with a good slit.) The wrap-effect style, like that of a wrap dress, is universally flattering. (I've had friends try on the skirt and they also look amazing in it.) Though it's arguably best suited for the spring/summer seasons—just tuck a tee into the waistband for an easy work outfit—it's just as wearable for autumn if you throw on an oversized sweater or knitted crop top. My advice to anyone who has designer taste on a T.J. Maxx budget is to take your time when shopping. Seek out those sample sales (here's a good website that tracks the ones in NYC) and look for classic pieces you can wear season after season. For those who don't live in the five burroughs, one of my must-visit sites to find designer deals is The RealReal. Investment pieces don't always have to break the bank. When it comes down to it, my love for the Altuzarra skirt is not only about how often I wear it—which is all the time—but also the fact I got it for a steal. I'm not letting go of the thrill of finding an amazing sale anytime soon. And to be honest, that's the only way I'm able to afford the luxe taste I've developed over the past 27 years.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			 They're easy on the eyes.Before you shop for sunglasses, you should first find the right style for your face. (It'll take a few round of try-ons and returns, but hang in there.) Once you're comfortable with the classics—for example, a simple black frame—you can move on to more trend-driven styles, from Kardashian-esque ski-inspired sunglasses to angular cat-eye shades. This season, retailers aren't lacking in any of these designs and even gave your classic pieces fresh updates. Since we're big believers in that there's no such thing as too many pairs of sunglasses, we found the best new shades to shield your face for summer (and fall/winter if you so choose). Check out 28 pairs that are oh so easy on the eyes.This pair of sunglasses is recommended for all face shapes, so it's a good piece to start with if you're not sure what looks good on you. The marble detail on the side feels sleek while the neutral coloring of the frames lends wardrobe versatility. It provides 100 percent UV protection and comes with a vegan leather case.Slip on these spotted Fendi sunglasses to add angles to a rounder face. They're lightweight yet durable and come with skinny silver-tone arms with balls at the ends. Dare I say these sunglasses remind me of a (cute) ladybug. For a pair of sunglasses that will match with the rest of your summer (and fall) outfits, scoop up this champagne-colored frame with green tinted lens. It comes in a classic silhouette and looks great on both men and women.If Jennifer Lopez created it, we're buying it. The singer teamed up with Quay to design a collection of sunglasses and this cat-eye style is almost too cool for words. Of course it'll fit oversize on you because J.Lo does it bold and loud. Warby Parker is stepping up its sunglasses game with this on-trend pair of hypoallergenic tiny frames. Don't underestimate the strength of these sunnies though, they have scratch-resistant lenses and block out UVA and UVB rays.Forget Chloé bags, get me this Chloé frame. It's sleek, delicate, luxe, and everything you could want in a pair of designer sunglasses. My favorite part are the "floating" lenses. The soft olive tone in these sunglasses is a good option for those who want some color, but not too much, in their outfits. The square lenses also feel retro without looking too old school thanks to the translucent frames. Some cat-eye sunglasses can come across as too theatrical, but not this one. It's a modern interpretation of the style so the angles are softer and the white color makes it wearable with every outfit. The shades will be your go-to pair by the end of the week.New Orleans-based brand Krewe created a cool alternative to aviators, if you're searching for something new. It's made from ultra-lightweight titanium and comes in five distinct shades, though this one is my favorite.  Beloved Australian luxury label Zimmermann just launched a 13-piece sunglasses collection and the styles will be a hit with every It girl alike. My personal favorite is this red "Verona" cat-eye style, which has a retro feel yet still makes you feel cool when you slip it on. It's the perfect pair of shades to wear with a white summer dress.Longchamp makes amazing bags and clothing—and its accessories, like these sunglasses, are gorgeous as well. The style is neither too trendy nor flashy, making it the perfect shades to wear year after year.  The sunglasses to wear if you're people-watching or checking out that cute bartender. Let the big tortoiseshell frames cover your face and only slip them off when you catch his attention. You want him to look you in the eye.The brand draws its design inspirations from architecture, so that explains the cool asymmetrical acetate bottom. The shade looks like it's cracked and breaking off, but don't worry—these babies are sturdy like a skyscraper.Take a note from the Kardashians and shield yourself from the haters in these futuristic ski-inspired sunglasses. They will make a major style statement, so keep the rest of your outfit simple.For a pair of sunglasses that is dramatic but simple, get these. They're free from noisy embellishments, so you can keep the focus on the minimalist design and shape. Wear with a bikini by the pool or with a yellow sundress.  The purple notes in these universally flattering frames look smashing when paired with summer linens and a denim jacket. For $65, it might just be one of the most affordable pairs to buy for summer.I want to be whisked away to a tropical island somewhere so I can wear these sunglasses with a drink in hand. The tinted blush lens and colored edges give the frames a festive beach vibe while still being completely wearable. The UV-blocking lens are shock-resistant with anti-scratch and anti-static electricity treatment, so if you accidentally drop them after a few margs, don't worry. They will survive. You like to have fun with your accessories, so this rhinestone-studded shade will hit the spot. The glitzy design pairs well with the lilac and silver shades. Wear them to your next party and be prepared for all the compliments. Sunglasses can be both functional and fashionable as this geometric pair proves. The rimless frame gives it a light, almost translucent feel, but it's more sturdy than you think thanks to its hardshell case.Made in Italy, Fendi's square-frame sunglasses are decked out in the label's FF monogram. (Least everyone forget the major fashion powerhouse.) They have a cool pink lens and wide arms with signature gold hardware at the temples. Wear when you're feeling fancy, so like all the time.A pair of retro sunnies for all the outdoor concerts you'll attend this summer. The lenses are scratch-resistant, so don't completely flip out if a crowd surfer knocks them to the ground. The best selling point, however, is that for every pair of Diff Eyewear sold, the brand donates a pair of glasses to someone in need. These Givenchy round frames are your everyday sunglasses (and for the price, you better wear them 365 days a year). They're made in Italy to ensure the highest quality and are detailed with the label's signature 4G logo at the temples. When you're not wearing these, store them in its hard case to protect the sunglasses from scratches.  Cat-eye frame lovers, do yourself a favor and try these angular ones. These Dries Van Noten sunglasses are '70s-inspired and made in Japan from orange acetate. The tangy color will remind you of summer and all its good times.Thick glossy acetate frames give this pair of sunglasses weight and structure when they sit on your face. The pattern closely resembles a beautiful marble countertop if you love that kind of design. I know I do.I call these the "Instagram sunglasses" because they'll get all the likes and comments. From the angular style to the eye-catching red, it has all the trademarks of a trendy frame. Get them while they last because these are limited edition. Lost your Ray-Ban clubmasters? It's time to get new ones with colored gradient lens. These come in three different hues and so far the reviews are 100 percent positive, albeit there are only two. One fan wrote, "They aren't overbearing in color so you can wear them with any outfit. Super cute, super functional, and a great size for most face shapes. I would say the frames are on the medium size. You'll love them!" For those who stick to strictly aviator styles, try a pair of oversize ones for a little drama on the face. This Rag & Bone option is perfect for everyday wear while carrying updated details like a more rounded shape and tinted, mirrored lens. Take a trip down memory lane with these '90s-inspired cat-eye sunglasses from Illesteva. It's handmade from acetate in an angular shape and patterned with graphic monochrome stripes. That last detail is what makes the shades the most unique of this bunch. •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The iconic flats Meghan wore for her first appearance with Prince Harry are 30 percent off. Now you can snag a piece of Meghan Markle's chic royal style for less. Sarah Flint, one of the Duchess of Sussex's longtime favorite shoe designers, is hosting a bi-annual sale right now, with select shoes retailing for 30 percent off their regular price. A few of Meghan's go-to styles are discounted during the sale, including her go-to pumps and the now-iconic flats the Duchess wore to her very first appearance with Prince Harry in September 2017.From royal approved picks to our favorite styles for summer, here's what to shop from Sarah Flint's sale: Meghan has worn these classic pumps by Sarah Flint on a number of occasions, including on a visit to Brixton in January 2018 and to an Anzac Day service in April 2018.Meghan chose Sarah Flint's Natalie flat for her first official outing with Prince Harry at the Invictus Games in September 2017. The shoes quickly sold out, and eventually amassed a 25,000 (!) person wait list. Original Price: $395Original Price: $195Orignal Price: $245Original Price: $195Original Price: $250Original Price: $515Original Price: $485From: Town & Country US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's the fleece seen around the world. Or, at least, all over my Instagram feed. Over the past few weeks, it seems as if everyone I follow on Instagram can't stop raving about the Wubby, a plush pullover from Thread & Supply.  In a time when it feels like everyone has a pullover made of recycled plastic, fawning over a style from a relatively unknown brand feels, well, random. So, what's so good about this fleece? At first glance, the Wubby looks similar to all the other pullovers you have buried in the back of your closet. However, it's super versatile. The half-zip neckline is perfect for layering over a turtleneck or polo, while the relaxed fit makes it perfect for running errands or going to a casual brunch with girlfriends.   The main difference is its plush, oh-so cozy material. The Wubby is made of a polyester fleece that looks like a teddy shearling. Everyone on Instagram claims this fleece is so comfortable, and it feels like you're rocking a wearable blanket. Plus, the Wubby is available in three fun colors—maroon, mustard, and a versatile white—so you're bound to make a statement.     After scrolling through endless posts about the Wubby, I picked one up at Nordstrom's Anniversary Sale to see if it lives up to the hype. While I haven't worn it out just yet—after all, New York City is having a heatwave at the moment—I can certainly say it's one of the softest things I've ever touched. Really. And whether I wear it with jeans and riding boots or throw it over my workout clothes, I have a feeling I'll be wearing it constantly come fall.  Want to hop on the Wubby bandwagon? During Nordstrom's Anniversary sale, you can save 36 percent off this Insta-loved pullover. But hurry! Sizes and colors are already selling out, so you should add this to your cart, stat. Once the summer heat has simmered and the leaves start changing colors, who wouldn't want to spend their days in (basically) a wearable blanket?Find more greats sales at Slickdeals.net.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			If we're going to be forever in blue jeans, we need to change some things about the way we make them.Jeans have become synonymous with modern fashion: A fabric once reserved for coal miners has transcended time, space, and Brooke Shields to find its way into weekend looks and office-appropriate ensembles alike. And our obsession with denim has reached new heights: Americans purchase 450 million pairs of jeans per year. That means, on average, we all own 7 pairs of jeans. (I, admittedly, counted 10 in my drawer. I’m not proud.)   But America’s favorite fabric is not without controversy (and, no, I’m not talking about jorts). Denim is most often made from cotton, a crop that, according to recent research,  requires 1,500 gallons of water to grow just 1.5 pounds-worth. That classic “blue jean” wash? It’s a result, in part, of synthetic indigo dye, which contains harmful chemicals. The more metal elements, like buttons and zippers, are incorporated, the harder it becomes to recycle the material—meaning yesterday’s trendy bell bottoms are piling up in landfills across the globe. The impact of the massive denim production industry is difficult to scale, but it’s safe to say it's reached epidemic proportions—and the issues don’t end once the jeans arrive in your closet. On average, every pair of jeans is washed 50–75 times, taking a massive energy toll and wasting water. (PSA: Wearing jeans up to 10 times before washing could reduce energy usage by 77 percent.)One of the world’s largest denim manufactures, ISKO, is trying to change the scary stats by weaving sustainability into everything they do. While you might not recognize their name, you will know the brands the company works with, including Reformation, Madewell, and Ksenia Schnaider (plus, a few high-end designers that the company can’t disclose). And, they're actually responsible for the rise of the jegging, a fabric they developed. ISKO produces more than 300 million yards of fabric per year—enough to circle the earth more than seven times (on average, denim mills produce just 30 million). The company is hoping to lead the way for responsible supply chains in the fashion community. “I'd say we are a pioneer in responsible innovation within the fashion industry,” says Rosey Cortazzi, global marketing director for ISKO. So how exactly are they paving the road to green jeans? Much of the magic happens inside ISKO’s Turkey–based research and development facility, the first government-certified textile research center. It’s where the team dreams up cutting-edge fabrics with eco-consciousness always at the forefront. “We're inventors,” says Cortazzi. And what they are inventing is pretty next-level: The company’s Earth Fit collection, their most responsible line of fabric, is made of raw materials including organic and recycled cotton and polyester made from recycles PET bottles.But it’s not a one-and-done line, says Cortazzi, who claims sustainability is “really rooted in the DNA of the company.” That’s why they are building upon the innovation of Earth Fit to develop additional sustainable practices. They recently launched Vulcano, a process that gives fabric a natural-looking finish via laser instead of water, reducing usage. And ISKO is working on developing wearable technology for both denim and athleisure fabrics. “We have the technology called Recall which actually prevents what we call baggy knee syndrome,” says Cortazzi.  The technology helps jeans snap back into shape after stretching out so that you don’t have to wash and dry them to get them back to size (remember that 75 washes stat?).To make sure they never waver in their dedication to Mother Nature, ISKO is committed to outside verification. “There's so much greenwashing out there,” says Cortazzi. “Everything that we do has been verified by a third party."For ISKO, it’s not just about one buzzy collection that they can push out the press. They are considering sustainability throughout their entire manufacturing process. “We're looking at chemicals. We're looking at the dye. We're looking at energy. We're looking at the whole circle.” For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			We cracked the dress code. This summer, your itinerary is booked solid with bridal showers, bachelorette parties, summer weddings, and baby showers. With each event comes a new dress code (bless your more laid-back friends who didn't enforce a black-tie situation) that leaves you frantically searching for the right dress. It can be confusing, especially, to dress for a baby shower—the occasion is a little less dressy than a wedding, but definitely more done up than if you were going to work. The solution? Simply wear a dress that looks good in pictures (there will be plenty of you posing next to the bump) and won't make you look like you're overshadowing the expectant mother. Ahead, I found 14 options for any baby showers that come your way.Baby showers are happy and celebratory occasions, so dress the part in this linen yellow citrus floral printed dress. It's suitable for summertime showers when the expectant mother wants to host her party in the backyard or at outdoor venues. For a baby shower where the mom has not announced the sex of the baby, arrive in a neutral-colored dress. This wrap minidress with billowy sleeves is effortless to throw on and even easier to style for the occasion. Slip on a pair of sandals and these two-tone-goes-with-everything earrings.For boho baby showers,  show up in this loose-fitted dress from DÔEN. It's made of cotton with micro florals and a bohemian tiered skirt flows away from the body. Since this dress has sleeves, it'll be perfect for wearing to showers held in autumn.  The poppy colors on this Mango piece give it a dressy yet casual vibe, which makes it a versatile option for all your parties. You can easily wear this to a baby shower with flats, then add in heels before heading to that dinner date with your SO.Save your backless dresses and plunging neckline gowns for soirées that forgo all dress codes. This modest knee-length dress with sleeves is more suited for baby showers that focus on the mama-to-be. This dress comes in black and navy too, should you want a more neutral color. Your friend didn't enforce a dress code for her baby shower, but you don't want to show up in just jeans. The solution? Wear this cap-sleeve denim dress from Reese Witherspoon's Draper James line. It has a stylish asymmetrical hem and will satisfy your desire to stay comfy and cute.This dress will pull double-duty for summer weddings and summer baby showers. The unexpected slit on the side and crisscross back add unique elements to this floral dress. Wear it with heels to the wedding, then swap for sneakers and cover up with a blazer or cardigan for the shower. You're tired of seeing floral print everywhere, so opt for something different like this dress with spots. It has a casual feel but still looks appropriate for parties, especially if you style it out with your favorite statement jewelry.For showers with a slightly older crowd, you'll want to show up in this polished shirtdress from Tory Burch. It's formal without feeling overly stuffy, especially if you wear it with some metallic heels or sandals. If you're on a budget, this $35 printed dress will make you feel like a hundred bucks at any baby shower. The print looks great on camera and you'll get many more wears from it post-shower.Obsessed with Prince Harry and Meghan? You'll definitely want to channel some royal vibes in this pleated green number—it's the same dress Meghan wore last year while she was pregnant and on her first royal tour. Save this for the super fancy baby showers.I love a dress with pockets and this one is most useful if you don't want to carry too many things to the baby shower. After all, you're already lugging that gift bag around. Stick only the essentials like your car keys and phone into the pockets.This dress works for both summer and fall/winter baby showers thanks to the cream color. When the weather is nice, style it with colorful accessories like a pink beaded bag. Once the temperature drops, you'll want to wear this dress with a duster coat and boots. •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Dressing like a duchess is always enviable, but not always affordable for us normals. Sometimes, however, a royal wears something that even the commoners can afford and this, my friends, is one of those times. Earlier this month, Kate Middleton stepped out for the Wimbledon Men's Finals with her husband, Prince William. Pretty much everything about Kate's day at Wimbledon was peak glamour. She sat in the royal box (duh). She wore a gorgeous, totally bespoke, baby blue Emilia Wickstead dress. She was Kate Middleton stepping out in public, so of course it was glamourous.  But, there was one aspect of Kate's Wimbledon glamour that wasn't so out of reach for the non-royals among us: Her shoes. Kate paired that custom designer dress with a pair of $80 heels from Aldo. And here's the truly amazing thing about them: They're magically still in stock. Kate's shoes are Aldo's Nicholes in medium beige and they're still miraculously still available in all sizes (as of this writing, at least—although it's hard to imagine that remaining true for too long, given the known impact of the Kate Middleton effect). For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.subscribe here 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			We've mastered the outfit combos. Sarongs are one of the most underrated pieces in a beach outfit—they're often thought of as more difficult to style than a pair of denim shorts. But I am here to show you otherwise. Sarongs (or even just a beloved summer skirt) make for a very beach-friendly and stylish cover-up.I've perfected the way to wear them: Pair a teeny bikini top with a sarong or skirt for that breezy boat-to-happy-hour look. Promise, it will immediately elevate your beach ensembles (#doitforthegram). I've taken inspiration from my favorite spring/summer runway shows (hint: Marni) to create cover-up looks using a sarong or skirt, worthy of a thousand likes. Check out the perfect pairings, ahead, and easily shop the full look if you fall in love with the outfit. This is my dream boho look. From the muted florals on the wrap skirt to the brown fringe bag with floral decals, this outfit has that '70s free-spirited-girl feel. Less is more here with all the patterns, so only wear a gold hoop earring to keep the look elevated. Shop the pieces: 1. Johanna Ortiz pareo, $395; 2. Ganni bikini top, $80; 3. Luv AJ celine hoop earrings, $70; 4. Loewe vertical tote flowers, $3,200Shell accessories have made a comeback this summer, but if the surfer look isn't for you, then opt for a shell-printed bikini. It's a way to embrace the trend without having actual seashells dangle from your ears or neck. If you're a bride-to-be, get this fringe skirt as your honeymoon cover-up because it's the perfect statement-making piece. Add in touches of natural elements like this woven bag and wooden heel to complete your beach-glam ensemble.Shop the pieces: 1. Agua by Agua Bendita bikini top, $100; 2. Jacquemus skirt, $500; 3. Beachgold handbag, $125; 4. Cult Gaia sandal, $338Let me introduce you to the new It brand for summer: Tombolo. This unisex label is reworking the classic Hawaiian shirt so that it's less kitschy, which means you can wear the top at the beach or to happy hour with friends. For a sporty approach, layer this square neckline bikini underneath and wear a navy wrap miniskirt. A gold sunglasses chain will keep your shades from being swept away by the waves as you wade into the ocean. Shop the pieces: 1. Ganni seersucker bikini top, $100; 2. Tombolo playa of eden shirt, $128; 3. Pondichérie adah skirt, $145; 4. Miansai sunglass chain, $125I'm obsessed with this retro Rixo bikini top—espescially when worn with a fringe polka dot midi skirt. The spotted design is a good alternative to roses or hibiscus prints if you're on a tropical getaway and want to stand out, not blend in, with the island flora. Polish off the look with a chic straw brim hat and square-toe flip-flops for an insta-worthy look. Shop the pieces: 1. Greenpacha hat, $219; 2. Rixo bikini top, $140; 3. Mother of Pearl skirt $415; 4. Asos flip-flops, $8You can never go wrong with an all-black look. This high-waisted wrap skirt works so flawlessly with an asymmetrical bikini top that it looks like a going-out party outfit. Accessorize with a silk scarf, which will double as a headband, and then slip into a casual slide when you want to roam the boardwalk.Shop the pieces: 1. Jade halo top, $120;  2. Haight tie-waist sarong skirt, $242; 3. Mango bicolor printed scarf, $13; 4. Saint Laurent leather slides, $595If you're over the bolder floral prints of summer, opt for micro florals. The dainty design makes it easy for you to mix-and-match your bikini and skirt options, like with these two separates. Style your floral outfit with a cute picnic basket handbag and a little evil-eye anklet for good vibes only.  Shop the pieces: 1. Anemone bikini top, $185; 2. Markarian skirt, $799; 3. Adinas gold evil eye anklet, $68; 4. Poolside raffia bag, $225This outfit brings together your favorite summer staples: a breezy chiffon skirt and a bikini top that looks like your favorite bra but with a more comfortable fit. Sneakers and a gingham print handbag serve as your going-out accessories because after a long day by the pool, you'll want to grab some food at your favorite beach-side restaurant. Shop the pieces: 1. Adriana Degreas skirt, $437; 2. Onia dalia ribbed top, $90; 3. 3. Montunas convertible backpack, $495. 4. Koio capri sneakers, $248•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Last night, Jenna Dewan was at a roller skating rink with daughter Everly Tatum (the reason I know this is because she somehow managed to film video herself skating on her Insta Stories, which would pretty much ensure I'd fall flat on my face). She snapped a selfie while she was there of her white printed Re/Done tee—and I must share it with you, because it's the perfect tee AND it's still available to buy.  The tee, emblazoned with the words "Empowered Women Shine Brighter," is so cute that I am considering getting it, like, right now. Not only is it a gorgeous print, with the colors looking like they were drawn in with colored pencils, but it's a badass message that would make me proud to wear it every day. In the caption, Jenna tagged the brand, which is a subtle way to encourage us to go greener with our style choices. She paired the look with big hoops (classic) and potentially pink lipstick to match the print (although it is a liiiittle hard to say definitively, given the bright purple light). Jenna does everyday casual like an absolute champ, so this look is no exception. Here's the picture of Jenna wearing the tee and encouraging us to shop sustainable:Aaaaaand she's nailing it, as usual.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Bet you don't know who has the most expensive one.If you haven't noticed (maybe you don't have Instagram?) everyone's getting engaged, married, or having babies. (I, myself, just got engaged!) And because I'm now obsessing over all things marriage, I wanted to find out how much celebrities spend on rings for their fiancées.The results? Probably more money than I'll ever see in my lifetime! And surprisingly, Meghan Markle's engagement ring is one of the least expensive of them all. From Kate Middleton's oval sapphire stone to Melania Trump's possibly discounted million-dollar rock, we rounded up some of the most expensive celebrity engagement rings. Can you guess which ring belongs to which celebrity?Former Yankees star Alex Rodriguez proposed to J.Lo after two years of dating with a massive (!) ring estimated to cost over $1 million, according to Page Six. Some outlets are even reporting it could be worth up to $5 million. Jenny from the block has the rock!  3.9.19✨♥️A post shared by  Jennifer Lopez (@jlo) on Mar 12, 2019 at 9:21am PDTPrincess Eugenie is another royal who recently go engaged. Her now-fiancé, Jack Brooksbank, got down on one knee in front of a volcano in Nicaragua when they were on vacation in January, just a few months after Prince Harry proposed to his now-wife. "The lake was so beautiful. The light was just a special light I had never seen," the princess told BBC News. The light was likely sparkling on her padparadscha sapphire rock, surrounded by diamonds. The newly engaged celeb almost fainted when she saw the ring. NFL star Kelvin Hayden proposed to Henson on Mother's Day this year. According to Brilliant Earth, the ring is a "classic solitaire set with a round brilliant diamond of approximately 3.5 carats." The company estimates the cost of the ring to be anywhere between $70,000 and $80,000.Bachelor Nation's beloved Wells Adams set up a romantic proposal for the Modern Family star during a dreamy beach getaway, once again reminding us that Adams and Hyland's super cute relationship is indeed one of the best gifts that fans of The Bachelor have ever received from this franchise. Adams picked out a beautiful white oval cut ring to pop the big question, and in surprising plot twist, the ring is not from Neil Lane (the godfather of engagement rings in the Bachelor universe)—it's a Lorraine Schwartz creation!  That can't eat, can't sleep, reach for the stars, over the fence, world series kind of stuff ✨❤️ @wellsadamsA post shared by  Sarah Hyland (@sarahhyland) on Jul 16, 2019 at 4:03pm PDTWhen it came to Meghan's engagement ring, Prince Harry designed the entire thing himself. The center diamond, estimated to be 3 carats, is from Botswana, one of the first places they went on a date, and the two surrounding diamonds, each between .5 and .75 carats, are ones from his late mother, Princess Diana's collection. And who could forget Harry's sweet proposal to Meghan? The two were enjoying a romantic dinner date, cooking roast chicken when he got down on one knee and surprised her with the 3-carat sparkler. Prince William proposed to his longtime college sweetheart, Kate Middleton back in October 2010 while on an African safari near Mount Kenya. When he popped the question, he presented her with the 12-carat oval sapphire that's surrounded by 14 diamonds. The ring originally belonged to his late mother, Princess Diana. Though the ring was technically free to William because it was a family heirloom, it's estimated to have cost his father, Prince Charles, $47,000 back in 1971. It's value has since risen—the ring is now worth an estimated $500,000. The current First Lady and President of the United States got engaged on the red carpet of the 2004 Met Gala. Donald Trump asked Melania Knavs to be his third wife with this 15-carat diamond ring, which he once said he got for a huge discount (which, why would you say that?!). But the VP of Graff Diamonds—where he reportedly purchased the ring—released a statement that said Trump was given "no favors," adding that "it was a pleasure doing business," with him. Ben Affleck proposed to Jennifer Lopez with this 6-carat pink diamond Harry Winston stunner, but the two never actually tied the knot. She ended things in 2004, and returned the ring to him. Lopez is currently dating baseball star Alex Rodriguez, and she might be getting a new engagement ring very soon. Ryan Reynolds proposed with the rose-gold accented ring, designed by Lorraine Schwartz. The two dated for a year before surprising everyone with the news that they'd gotten married in Charleston, surrounded by friends and family. And now, they just can't stop trolling each other. What a great duo!After landing a huge deal with Adidas, Kanye West decided to celebrate by buying his wife, Kim Kardashian, and brand new 20-carat ring, with the company's name engraved on it. Kim said she was asleep when he told her he brought her something home from the sporting company. "And I said, 'Okay, I’ll get the shoes in the morning, babe. I’m sleeping,'" Kim told Andy Cohen. "And then he put the Lorraine Schwartz box on my pillow and I woke up! He said, ‘You know I just did that big Adidas deal, so I got you something from Adidas.’” Sadly, she only had the ring for about a month before it was stolen, along with other jewels totaling $6 million when Kim was robbed at gunpoint in Paris. Beyonce's 18-carat, emerald cut diamond ring with a split shank is a little smaller in size than Kim Kardashian's, though it still costs more. We don't know exactly how her now-hubby, Jay-Z, proposed back in 2007, but we can only imagine it looked exactly like when he picked up and put Queen Bey's ring back on her finger at the 2017 Met Gala. Jared Packer gave Mariah Carey the biggest rock of them all—a flashy 35-carat diamond ring. The two were only together for a few months before he popped the question, and Carey joked in an interview, “It’s so heavy I can’t lift my arm up!” Carey reportedly continued wearing the rock on her finger even after she and Packer called off their engagement.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Right on the money. Even more important than the phone attached to your person at all times is the wallet that holds your MVP valuables. For me, easy access to my work ID and MetroCard is crucial. That's why I take the search for the perfect wallet(s) seriously. That's plural because I'm a firm believer everyone needs both a cardholder and a decent-sized wallet with multiple slots. Depending on the day, it's nice to downsize and carry just two cards around...instead of that plus a coffee shop punch card and 15 CVS receipts. Below, 11 options that fulfill both of those needs, in options both minimalist and flashy. Jet setters who wish to travel light will want to invest in this zip-around wallet that has a place for your credit cards, pens, passport, and more. It'll keep you organized while you're on the go and the cute "safe travels" reminder is much needed for long flights.When you pull out this red Fendi wallet, you're certain to hear a few "ooh, is that new?" exclamations from friends. It's hard to be discreet with this vibrant accessory—and that's the point. The perfect way to show off your obsession with designer logomania.Ready for a game changer? This cardholder sticks on the back of your phone, so you can ditch that crossbody bag completely. All your necessities are in one spot. Incredibly handy for concerts or events where a big bag would be a big nuisance. If you're trying to decide between a black wallet or something more colorful, go with the latter. A wallet is an easy place to add brighter hues to your otherwise neutral-colored wardrobe. This tie-dye wallet is functional (read: multiple compartments) and features this season's hottest design. Could this cardholder (with a gold chain) be cuter? Most cardholders look the same (i.e. boring), but Rosantica stands out from the pack thanks to its beaded pouch with fringe tassels. A must-have for shoppers who want something with a little je nais se quoi.I present to you the going-out wallet: slots for credit card and ID on the left and a place for your iPhone on the right. This Marc Jacobs cowhide case will keep the important things safe in the most tasteful manner. Annoyed by your current bulging wallet stuffed with 20 membership cards you never use? Downsize to these whimsical embroidered appliqué cardholders. It can hold your credit cards and ID, and seamlessly slips into a tiny clutch or jacket pocket. If your style is a simple black wallet, and you're sticking to it, this envelope-style piece with enough interior pockets to hold all your cards does the trick. Gold monogramming on the front adds a personal and sophisticated touch. This Gucci wallet is your end all be all of wallets. The slim leather accessory has a removable chain strap (so you can style it according to your mood) and an interior mirror for covert lipstick touchups. Meanwhile, what justifies the $895 price tag is, of course, the signature double G hardware—the fashion house's stamp of luxury. A Minnie Mouse coin pouch is an adorable gift for your little niece (or the perfect gift for yourself, if we're being honest). Our obsession with Disney never has to end, and it's whimsical accessories like these that help keep the magic alive. Finding exact change will never be a hassle again.Designer doesn't always mean showy. For a more discreet luxury wallet, invest in this zip-around style from Balenciaga. It's sleek and multi-functional, with card slots, note slots, and a buttoned coin pouch. •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Blessed be the Spanx discounts. We all love our undergarments, but for pieces that not a whole lot of people see, they sure can get expensive. That's why it's incredibly smart of you to shop Nordstrom's Early-Access Anniversary Sale for top shapewear, bra, and underwear brands at major discounts. We're glad you're here.For less than $25, you get tummy control, thigh shaping, and even a butt lift! If you want less constriction in the thighs but max compression around your stomach area, this is your go-to. On the other hand, if you prefer your Spanx to hit under your ribs as opposed to your bra line, this pair still gets you tummy control and thigh shaping.  Spanx: You don't wanna wear them on date night. These undies will give you a light smoothing effect without killing the mood. Also available in "clove" (tan) and "pink chalk," this super soft fabric smoothes and supports sans underwire.  Yes, Spanx makes bras! This one features wide straps—key for women with larger busts—and comes in three pretty colors. You get to choose between six colors with this everyday bra, made in a lightweight-for-summer fabric.  How cozy does this bra look?! I'll take one in every color. (Choose from five neutral hues.) This is the perfect everyday bra if you want something comfy that still keeps the girls perky. Shop five colors including rose and army green. The straps on this t-shirt bra are convertible, meaning you can wear them parallel or criss-crossed. Another great everyday bra, which also has convertible straps and comes in three colors including pale blue. Calvin Klein makes my favorite strapless bra, and the t-shirt bra is just as good. Shop it in black or nude. Women with big boobs, listen up: This bra, unlike some of the others here, is made in sizes up to a DD. And here, even a strapless bra made for not just DD cups, but DDD too! It's got more than 1,000 positive reviews. Turn it into a new bra and undie set with a pair of seamless undies. Shop these in six cute colors.  These boyshorts have a side seam to avoid panty lines. You can also snag three pairs for $40. If you prefer high-waisted underwear, these ultra soft panties will become your new favorites. They're also on a 3-for-$40 deal. And if you want something for special occasions, look no further than a Hanky Panky floral thong. •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HEREFrom: Prevention US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			But you'll need to act fast. Even since Meghan Markle was first spotted wearing Mother jeans at the 2017 Invictus Games, the brand has barely been able to keep their denim in stock. Just a week after she wore the brand, the company saw a 1,000 percent increase in site traffic and at one point in time, the waitlist for said jeans totaled almost 4,000 people.  But, thanks to what we truly believe is a Markle Miracle, Nordstrom has the jeans in stock and marked them down to 30 percent off as part of their 2019 Anniversary Sale (!!!). In addition to Meghan Markle, Mother is a denim favorite of Emma Roberts and Bella Hadid. It makes sense why they love them: The crisp ankle cut looks put-together when paired with a button up, but the stretch-material means they don't feel uncomfortable. Ever. One caveat: These jeans are only available through Nordstrom's Early Access sale right now, so if you're not a Nordstrom cardmember, you won't be able to score this deal yet. But! If you're interested, mark your calendar. Starting on Friday, July 19, the sale will open to the public and we expect this deal to go fast.Since this pair is bound to sell out, we found four other styles from Mother that have the Markle Sparkle: And for even more amazing editor-approved deals at the Nordstrom Anniversary sale, head right this way. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Done right, this look is effortlessly chic.  If you're like me, you know that a quality pair of boots are a year-round wardrobe essential. While you might believe they're only meant to be worn over your old faithful pair of jeans in the winter months, consider styling your boots with a flirty dress this season. Not only does the look super thrown-together (in a cool way, of course), but you get more wear out of the items in your closet. Check out our favorite ways to wear the unexpected pairing, and you'll forget why you packed your boots away in the first place. There's nothing like a pair of chunky black boots to add some edge to a floral mini dress. Leather jacket and amazing genetics: optional.Cowboy boots are one of this summer's most unexpected trends. Choosing a stylish color lets your fashion girl shine through. For the days when you want to make a real statement, consider wearing a shoe that shoes a bit more skin. Thankfully,  you don't have to go full Kim K to achieve the same look.  Jenner's patent leather boots look fresh and unexpected when paired with a breezy silk mini dress.  Keep the look all one color to for bonus cool points. We've all seen the photo of Kate Moss trekking through the mud at the Glastonbury Festival in her rain boots and slip dress, looking incredible. If it ain't broke, don't fix it. Silver boots are the fun, do-anything friend you wish you had. Pair them with a denim outfit like Olivia Culpo did for a night out with your girls. Bored of your classic LBD look? Wear your favorite with a pair of super sexy thigh high boots. Less (skin) is more this summer. Plus, your legs will stay warm if the temperature suddenly dips. Has following a Spice Girl's fashion advice ever been a bad idea?  Victoria Beckham (AKA Posh Spice) lives up to her title in a pair of  cherry red peep-toe heels with an otherwise simple outfit. An all-white look feels super sleek and refreshing for summer. Save this for your next business meeting to elevate your office attire. Cut out booties: They're just like sandals, but better.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's a timeless staple for your closet.Letizia is a queen in two respects: she's the queen of Spain (of course) and she's also the queen of affordable Zara finds. The royal has a history of wearing a variety of pieces, from jumpsuits to dresses, from the fast-fashion retailer. Her most recent pick was a tweed midi dress with an off-shoulder fit (how very Meghan Markle of her) and cap sleeves. She cinched her waist with a skinny black belt and matched the color of her accessory to her black slingback pumps. Simple gold hoops completed the royal outfit. The dress, which was originally $90, is now on sale for $30 and quickly going out of stock. Given how stunning it looks on Queen Letizia in the group photo, that's not a surprise. The tweed dress with the slightly daring neckline stood out amongst the boring ol' suits and blazers (sorry, guys) at Zarzuela Palace. Should you not find your exact size in Letizia's dress, I've included more tweed options to shop, below. Everyone should have this timeless style in their wardrobes. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			For your environmentally-conscious soul.Sustainability has become a trending topic for fashion brands that want to appeal to environmentally-conscious millennial shoppers. According to Business of Fashion, 66 percent of millennials are willing to spend more on brands that are sustainable, and the demand from customers that brands be held accountable for waste and their carbon footprint is projected to skyrocket. As a fashion lover and someone who Googles things like, "Great Pacific garbage patch news" (here's where your trash ends up, btw), I'm breathing a small sigh of relief that people—and companies—are starting to care more.Stella McCartney was a sustainability pioneer in the luxury sector (she launched her fur-free, leather-free business in 2001, despite many skeptics), and labels including Everlane and Reformation are leading the charge in creating eco-friendly, fashion-forward clothes, proving that you can look nice and be nice to the planet. But these brands are not alone in tackling the issue of sustainability in fashion. More and more companies are setting out to do the same, and I've rounded up 20 I love. From footwear to handbag labels, these retailers are changing the planet...and the way you shop.Opus Mind follows the circular fashion method, which means there is zero waste coming from the brand. The company sources and repurposes leather scraps from RecycLeather to create its crossbody bags, totes, backpacks, and pouches. To take it one step further, the products are all made in Florence, Italy, by a family-owned factory that was passed down through three generations. If you're looking for a durable, quality bag that lasts for years (and helps the environment!) your search ends here. Our pick: Black backpack, $425For everyday minimalist jewelry you can layer on without a fuss, you'll want to check out Irina Victoria Jewelry. The designer hand crafts all her jewelry from recycled precious metals and above-ground gemstones. In addition to the simple, beautiful aesthetic, the brand also offers a charitable component: Five percent of profits from all orders go to wildlife conservation. Fans of the brand include The Bachelor contestants and Priyanka Chopra.Our pick: 14k mini letter necklace, $264Launched in June 2019 by Naaz Gulati and Harroop Gulati Kaur, Hours New York is a new plus-size sustainable fashion label. The founders noticed a lack of inclusive sizing especially when it came to conscious shopping, so the brand offers a variety of tops, dresses, coats, and sweaters in sizes 14 to 28, with every piece made from up-cycled fabrics and in factories that do not use child labor.  The prices are affordable, too, ranging from $38 to $178.   Our pick: The Willow dress, $88 Seek Collective employs sustainable practices, like using natural dyes and hand block printing. Everything is made by artisan communities in India, a place where designer Carol Miltimore has spent a lot of time (she completed an artist-in-residence program there while visiting the country's craftspeople.) You'll find everything you need on the website, from dresses to outerwear—all made with an eco-friendly mindset.Our pick: Athens dress, $228At the 2019 Copenhagen Fashion Summit, Nike launched an open-sourced Circular Design Guide for designers and industry leaders on how to be more mindful when it comes to sustainability. The giant retailer has made its own efforts to be a more earth-friendly brand in the past: Back in 2018, Nike created its own Flyleather material (a textile made with at least 50 percent recycled natural leather fiber) and incorporated that into its sneaker designs, like the popular Cortez and tennis shoe styles.  This kind of technology is only the beginning for the brand.Our pick: Nike Cortez sneakers, $81Founded by Kalen Emsley and David Luba in 2012, Tentree offers a bit of everything, including easy-to-wear dresses and sweatpants and joggers, for both the lounge lizards and outdoor enthusiasts. The brand's latest release is a four-in-one eco-friendly backpack made from sustainably sourced materials including recycled polyester, BLOOM algae, and post industrial waste. The backpack is perfect for hiking and traveling...or holding your laptop for work. In addition to making sure its products are sustainable, Tentree also plants 10 trees (get it?) for every item purchased. To date, they've planted more than 29 million trees around the world.Our pick: The mobius modular backpack, $118World Surf League Champion Kelly Slater and designer John Moore founded Outerknown in 2014. It's rooted in creating pieces with long-lasting materials while providing fair wages to factory workers. Outerknown first launched with a sustainable menswear line, but the company officially made the jump into womenswear last month. The line offers a variation of tees, tanks, dresses, and pants made from fibers that are 100 percent organic, recycled, and/or regenerated, with prices ranging from $48 to $168. The brand is completely transparent in its method of crafting these pieces, from a "meet the suppliers" section and a "code of conduct" for its customers.  Our pick: La Luna cami dress, $168Fans of Stella McCartney will want to welcome footwear label Taylor and Thomas into the fold. After noticing a gap in the sustainable luxury space, Jessica Taylor Mead and Elizabeth Thomas James launched their eponymous shoe label in 2018. The first collection, a curated mix of flats and booties, are inspired by the '60s and '70s. The shoes are all crafted by hand in a small, ethical family-run factory in Italy. Meanwhile, the insoles are made from castor beans and recycled rubber from a factory in Japan, while the lining is made from renewable (inedible) corn. The vegan footwear are all, not surprisingly, super comfortable and stylish. Our pick: Patti boot, $565The brainchild of Rebecca Migirov, who wanted comfy yet sustainable undergarments, Kala is an eco-friendly intimates brand based in New York. Its bras, underwear, and sleepwear are made in NYC from all-natural and biodegradable materials. In addition, each piece is created by local artisans who are paid a fair wage. Though the collection, for now, remains small with few pieces, expect this earth-friendly label to pick up steam. I, personally, could live in the label's terry tee and bottoms for the rest of my life.Our pick: Terry tee, $60Philippa Brenninkmeyer founded trendy swimwear brand Indigo Swim with the mission to create swimsuits that would give back to the world—instead of polluting it. To do this, every piece from Indigo Swim is made with 100 percent regenerated nylon and ECONYL yarn (old fishing nets and ocean waste). It's packaging, from drawstring bags to boxes, hangtags, and thank you cards, are also all eco-friendly. On top of that, the brand gives back to beach cleanups in Indonesia and California. Get ready to replace last year's summer bikini with a trendy, earth-friendlier one from this label.Our pick: The sophia top, $68If you believe that great style doesn’t have to come at the expense of the environment, Amur will resonate with you. The New York City–based brand uses organic and natural fibers, like hemp and linen, in their clothing; they also use recycled polyester and PET fibers to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. If you thought eco-friendly clothes were all neutral and boring, think again. Amur's designs are vibrant and playful. The label is proof that trend-driven styles and sustainability can go hand-in-hand.Our pick: Dylan dress, $419This handmade jewelry brand has the royal stamp of approval: Kate Middleton has worn Mirabelle earrings on several different occasions! The label, founded by Veronique Henry, uses only fair trade suppliers to source its sterling silver, 22k gold-plated metals, brass, bronze, and semi precious stones. With necklaces ranging from $52 to $200 and earrings from $14 to $125, your guilt-free shopping isn't even an indulgence.Our pick: Talia stud aquamarine earrings, $82This Scandinavian brand, launched in 2006, produces sustainable cashmere knitwear and cotton basics. Designer and founder Maija Arela runs her namesake label with her two daughters, Anni and Viivi. In keeping with its environmentally-friendly approach, the brand will take back any used garment to be up-cycled to make new products. Arela also ships out online orders in reusable packaging.Our pick: Tove pale pink jacket, $90Montreal handbag label Matt and Nat was founded in 1995 and from the start, was committed to not using leather or any other animal-based materials in their minimalist designs. Over the years, the brand's experimented with various recycled materials, like cardboard and rubber, and since 2007, has used only recycled plastic bottles to line its bags. Our pick: Weekender bag, $165Instagram sensation Allbirds created a sneaker that's not only aesthetically pleasing, but also environmentally friendly. They even offer flip-flops with soles made from sugar cane.  The brand dubbed it SweetFoam, a material more earth-friendly than plastic foam EVA, which is often used in the production of footwear. (FYI, even Leonardo DiCaprio has invested in this brand. If that doesn't make you want to purchase a pair of Allbirds, I don't know what will.)Our pick: Women's wool runners, $95By now, you're probably familiar thoroughly-obsessed with Everlane. The millennial-driven brand has amassed a loyal group of shoppers by being transparent about how and where its clothes are produced. In fact, on the website, you can select a factory from around the world and get a glimpse of what life is like inside the space. The brand's forthright message and minimalist fashion aesthetic makes it one of our favorite online shopping destinations. Our pick: High-rise skinny jean, $68If you're looking for sustainable clothes with west coast vibes and a celebrity following, Bleusalt is your brand. The luxury athleisure apparel line is made in Los Angeles out of fabric sourced from beechwood trees in Austria. Though Bleusalt shot to prominence with its soft hoodie, it now offers everything from slip dresses to "Cindy Crawford pants:" The model reportedly requested pants that were designed for long legs and featured big pockets and a relaxed fit. (She got them.) Our pick: The Boyfriend Hoodie, $126Footwear brand Nisolo produces shoes that are all sustainably and ethically sourced. The leather for the shoes comes from tanneries committed to the ethical treatment of animals, and the brand works with fair-trade factories in places like Peru and Mexico, while also enlisting small, independent artisans to create shoes and jewelry. On top of all this, the label is affordable, with prices ranging from $70 to $248.Our pick: Isla slide sandal, $88Founded by Aurora James, Brother Vellies has quickly become one of my favorite fashion brands for its out-of-the-box creations (see the hairy goat bags, above). All the products are handmade in South Africa, Ethiopia, Kenya, and Morocco and adhere to the practices of slow fashion (the farm-to-table of the fashion world). The company even has a full section online detailing its sustainable practices, from who makes the accessories to where they're produced. While the prices are rather high, you know your money is ultimately benefiting a community that needs it—and the planet.Our pick: Cloud pouch, $585H&M lovers will be glad to know the fast-fashion retailer offers a seasonal environmentally-friendly clothing line called "H&M Conscious." The pieces in the 2018 collection are made from organic cotton and recycled polyester, but at that same affordable price you've come to know and love. The next time you're shopping at H&M, make sure to check out this section first. Our pick: Knee-length denim skirt, $35•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Hurry, because the Duchess of Cambridge's shoes are a whopping 35 percent off right now.Kate Middleton may be the Duchess of Cambridge, but she is undoubtedly the Queen of casual wear. And now, thanks to a major sale happening for Amazon Prime Day, you can score one of her most iconic go-to staples, white Superga sneakers, for only $42.SHOP AMAZON PRIME DAY SALESThe tennis shoes are usually priced at $64.95, meaning select sizes are up to 35 percent off as part of the Amazon Prime Day deal extravaganza. Most recently, Kate was spotted wearing the classic sneaks at the RHS Chelsea Flower Show on May 20, but she's also sported them at the 2017 London Marathon and on her 2016 Royal Tour of Canada.  The shoes are 100 percent cotton and feature a lace-up vamp with silver-tone rivets. Just an FYI from Amazon reviewers: Supergas tend to run large, so consider sizing down. Worried about the shoes getting scuffed up? Superga notes that their Cotu styles (a.k.a. this one) can be easily washed if you throw them in a pillowcase and wash them on cool with powder detergent and leave them out to air dry. Problem solved. Speaking of the Duchess's footwear, you should also note that Kate's other favorite athletic shoes—a.k.a. the New Balance Cruz Fresh Foam running shoes—are majorly discounted at the moment. Depending on your size, you can also score the navy shoes for $42, which is an impressive 53 percent discount. Whether you decide to go with the Supergas or New Balance sneaks, or both, we're here to stress that you should snag your favorites ASAP. As with many royal fashion finds, these styles will likely sell out FAST once the rest of the internet gets wind of these discounts, so hurry!For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HEREFrom: Good Housekeeping US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She loves to rep her own designs.In a bi-weekly series, we're interviewing female executives, founders, CEOs—basically, boss ladies—on their "power suit" a.k.a. the outfit they wear every day for easy dressing to conquer whatever the job throws at them. You immediately know a Cult Gaia "Ark" bag when you see one—half-moon shape, bamboo slats—but according to the brand's founder and creative director, Jasmin Larian Hekmat, that wasn't always the case. The original bamboo carry-all (now available in a variety of colors, with plenty of copy-cats trying to cash in on its popularity) first debuted in 2014, but took a few years to catch on with consumers. "People didn’t believe it was functional," Larian Hekmat explains. "Through social media and Instagram, we were able to show people how to wear it and pull it off. I think that's how [the bag] took off. I watched the anatomy of a trend happen in that way."Once the "Ark" made it into the hands of stars like Beyoncé and Rosie Huntington-Whiteley and fashion influencers such as Chriselle Lim and Danielle Bernstein, the rest was history. The "Ark" is now one of the most coveted bag designs around, but Larian Hekmat isn't resting on her success. She's constantly brainstorming even trendier accessories for the brand, and says she "has no shortage of ideas."  This ability to constantly create is in her DNA, after all. Larian Hekmat comes from a line of artists (her mother was a former fashion designer, while her father created the Bratz dolls). Prior to starting Cult Gaia, Larian Hekmat honed her craft at FIT and interned with Narciso Rodriguez and Jason Wu. The designer tells me she wanted to make dresses at first, but actually started making flower crowns and hair accessories before "falling into" the handbag category. Once the "Ark" reached its zenith, Larian Hekmat revisited the ready-to-wear category. "I always made my own clothes and wanted to use them in photoshoots with our accessories," she says. "I wanted to curate the full look." Later on, she added footwear and swimwear, allowing fans to get that head-to-toe Cult Gaia aesthetic.  The brand, with its *wink wink* cult-like following, has undoubtedly lived up to its name. Larian Hekmat explains its nomenclature, saying, "The best brands have a cult-like mentality in that they attract like-minded people, so the word Cult was obvious. Gaia means the goddess of Earth and the daughter of Chaos, so to me that represented femininity and nature, which are all driving forces to my creativity." And as the leader of this fashionable "cult," Larian Hekmat embodies the brand's ethos, often wearing her own designs. Find out how she dresses for driving this fabulous brand, ahead."Four times a year, I am in New York City and Paris to show the Cult Gaia collections. In between that, I am always visiting our factories in Brazil and China or coming into the office in Los Angeles. When I'm in L.A., my mornings start with my son waking me up. I feed him, play with him, then I either walk with him to get my coffee from King's Road Cafe or I walk to the office and have a coffee there. After that, the day really depends. I start my days sometimes with interviews or breakfast meetings and then continue on to more meetings to touch base with my team. Though I have a hand in everything, I oversee marketing, creative, and sales, so I make sure the operations are going smoothly. The most structured part of my day is definitely the mornings when I know I will have my coffee or if I wake up early enough, I'll go to a ModelFit class or pilates. "  "I'm lucky I make my own clothes because I look into my closet every morning and just put on the first thing I see. That's why I started making sets, they make it so much easier to get dressed and I always end up looking put together and professional. Then, I just throw on a fun bag or shoes. When I travel, I put all my clothes on a rack so I can plan out my day and night outfits. I try to pack clothes that I can mix and match, so it's super easy to change the look up. I also just learned about rolling up my clothes, which is incredible, and I put smaller items into a Ziploc bag to keep things organized." "If I'm not in Cult Gaia dress or set, I am wearing jeans, a t-shirt, and one of our shoes. I like denim from Golden Goose; I have a pair of sparkly jeans from them that I've been wearing a lot. I also love Moussy and AMO jeans. I get a lot of basics from Simon Miller and outerwear from Celine or The Row. For shoes, I'm always in a low heel or mule from Cult Gaia." "Easy, chic, and cool.""'Just do it,' as Nike says. I feel like that's the secret to my success: Just get started and figure out the rest later. That's how my brand started, I had flower crowns and then just figured out the bags and ready-to-wear from there. I also believe in the power of pivoting. In this day and age, you can pivot and be or do anything you want to do."For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Over 4,000 people have given the Orolay Thicken Down Jacket 5 stars. Before you know it, the temperatures are going to start dropping, and if your parka from last year feels lighter than you remember, let us introduce you to the most popular down jacket on Amazon. The Orolay Thicken Down Jacket has racked up over 6,ooo reviews with an average 4.2 rating making it the best-selling item in the Women's Down Jackets & Parkas category.Other super-warm winter coats can cost up to $200, but this puffer will keep you warm for just $140. It’s also wind-proof, water resistant, and machine washable (so long as your remove the faux fur). And for Amazon Prime Day, you can take 40% off this must-have winter item. All you have to do is select your favorite color and correct size, and you'll get a coupon that takes $56 off your order at check out. Read the reviews and you can understand why people are so obsessed. One reviewer said it’s her go-to when the temperatures drop below zero. "The lining is extra soft and warm and the pockets are perfect to carry items to leave the purse at home,” she wrote "I'm usually skeptical but please take my word, this jacket is definitely a good buy!” Another found this coat through a friend and was shocked that it wasn’t crazy expensive."I assumed this was some expensive designer jacket, cause it looks it! It's a great jacket for the price that looks waaaaay more expensive than it is.”One negative thing that reviewers did note is that the zipper tends to gets stuck and can be a little awkward to zip, but that didn't stop them from raving about the coat's coziness. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HEREFrom: Good Housekeeping US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Kate Middleton attended Wimbledon for the second day in a row on Sunday, this time with her husband, Prince William. Will and Kate sat in the Royal Box on Centre court during Men's Finals Day of the Wimbledon Tennis Championships at All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club (of which Kate happens to be the royal patron). Kate is an avid tennis fan and a fixture at Wimbledon. On Saturday, she attended the Ladies' Singles Final with her sister, Pippa Middleton, and her sister-in-law, Meghan Markle. For Saturday's appearance, Kate re-wore a custom green Dolce & Gabbana dress that she was first spotted in during a 2016 tour of Canada and a pair of Asprey’s Woodland Oak Leaf earrings.Will and Kate also took time to meet with the ballboys and ballgirls ahead of the Wimbledon Men's Singles Final, Kensington Palace shared on Twitter. The Duchess of Cambridge, @Wimbledon Patron, and The Duke of Cambridge meet ballboys and ballgirls ahead of today’s #Wimbledon Gentlemen’s Singles Final. pic.twitter.com/zI7AlWh0D2For Sunday's outing with William, Kate opted for a bespoke, baby blue dress from designer Emilia Wickstead. Will coordinated with his wife in a gray jacket and a baby blue shirt and slate gray blue tie.Royal fashion Twitter account Replicate Royalty even pinpointed the two Emilia Westwick dresses Kate's look seems to be a combination of: The Duchess of Cambridge is wearing bespoke Emilia Wickstead to Wimbledon today. Perhaps a combination of these two.#DuchessofCambridge #EmiliaWickstead #Wimbledon pic.twitter.com/rRaKuEBqNGPerfection. As usual. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.subscribe here		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			This can be really good...or really bad. Online shopping is great and all, but when companies make it even easier to nab the latest fashion trends via an app—especially when some provide insane discounts for users who simply sign up—it would be a sin not to take advantage of it. Here, we've rounded up 13 essential shopping apps to download now and save yourself a trip to the store.  DOWNLOAD ITChairish is a vintage lover's dream, giving home decor enthusiasts a chance to easily browse through collections of classic furniture, art, and home accessories. It's the perfect app to download once you've moved into your new space since you can preview the items before purchasing them using the app's camera feature. DOWNLOAD ITNet-a-Porter's app is as chic as the luxury retailer itself, giving you access to hundreds of designer clothing, shoes, jewelry, beauty, and accessories without having to put down your phone. Come for the push notifications on the latest sales and promotions, stay for a wish list at the tap of a button. DOWNLOAD IT If you're looking to sell and buy literally anything, OfferUp is your spot. The easy-to-use, free app allows users to instantly upload any item in fashion, home, tech, beauty, and more. The only downfall is it doesn't filter out scammers, so if you're selling items make sure you have a legit buyer. (Don't worry, there have been plenty of successful transactions, you just have to  be smart in a world of Anna Delvey's.) DOWNLOAD ITUse Rent the Runway's app to easily filter your favorite designer dresses for those weddings you have coming up. The app gives you exclusive discounts and rental reminders—for when you inevitably have to return that Proenza Schouler dress everyone has been complimenting you on. DOWNLOAD ITWish is number two in the app store for a reason. It serves up super affordable accessories, electronics, shoes, home goods, and more. Because Wish sells unbranded items (great for non-loyalists) directly from the manufacturers, they’re able to offer the products at cheaper prices. If you're ballin' on a budget or just looking to save money (who isn't?), this app is for you.DOWNLOAD ITWanelo, abbreviated from "Want, Need, Love," is a "digital mall." The app features more than 12 million fashion, beauty, and home products from 300,000 different stores, curating the best deals on the market. If you're entrepreneurial, even better: Users can browse and sell items.DOWNLOAD ITTictail is the indie one in the app friend group. It gives users a chance to shop new and emerging designers from around the world—perfect for when you've accidentally twinned with the girl in the next cube...twice. (Damn you, Zara!) You can also be on the selling end of the app if you started your own clothing line and are looking to gain exposure. DOWNLOAD ITOverwhelming as access to more than 5,000 brands may seem, Poshmark makes it easy to search between luxury and less-expensive items. Plus it offers users the ability to list your own items for free. Yes, for free.DOWNLOAD ITThe RealReal app allows you to buy luxury goods at up to 90 percent off retail prices, while sellers can earn up to 70 percent of the sale price of their pieces. All of the items are authenticated by experts, too, so you don't have to worry about accidentally buying a fake Gucci bag. (It happens to the best of us.)DOWNLOAD ITDownload eBates, then head to your favorite websites through the app and—cha-ching!—you'll get a percentage of money back, depending on the retailer and how big your purchase is. You're basically spending to save, and you won't feel so bad about it when you receive a $40 check in the mail. DOWNLOAD ITAnybody who has ever shopped on Amazon knows how overwhelming it can get since it has, quite literally, everything and the kitchen sink. With the app, you can use Alexa to help you shop for specific items whether you're looking for a gift for a friend or browsing for yourself. DOWNLOAD ITIf you live in NYC—or plan on doing some major shopping while you're visiting—ShopDrop gives you access to the best sample sales in the city. Frequent users can also score exclusive access to V.I.P. events, gifts with purchase, and more. DOWNLOAD ITIf you've shopped at HomeGoods, you know that it's always a mystery which treasures await you in the store. The  app, on the other hand, gives you a sneak peek at what's in-stock—i.e. you don't have to waste time schlepping across town if you don't see anything you like. You also get access to awards to redeem when you get there. Magic! •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Just look at the lace-up back.As close as the Kardashian clan are, sometimes it’s nice to be able to do your own thing. This week, while Kris Jenner is traveling around Italy with boyfriend Corey Gamble, her daughter Kendall Jenner is living it up in Mykonos, Greece. The model was photographed partying on the island (she even filmed herself completing the #BottleCapChallenge) and grabbed dinner with friends on Wednesday night.  For the outing, Kendall wore a shimmery orange minidress with a lace-up back. She kept the outfit simple, choosing a pair of earrings, sneakers (perfect for dancing the night away), and a small shoulder bag. The going-out dress was from Australian-based label MESHKI and is surprisingly affordable at $57.The shimmery orange mini has a sweetheart neckline and thin straps that expose the back and sides of one's frame. Kendall, who has been known to wear skin-baring ensembles, seemed right at home in the look. Because you always need a going-out dress, I tracked down the exact piece to shop. As of writing, all sizes are still available so grab one for your next bachelorette party or vacay. See how Kendall styled it below for some celebrity inspiration.Kendall shared some highlights from her trip: mems 🥰A post shared by  Kendall (@kendalljenner) on Jul 11, 2019 at 5:58am PDTLiving her best life, clearly.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's time to add to your collection.Thanks to the fall 2019 runway shows, we've already received a sneak peek of what's to come for fashion next season. To get right to the point: The accessories, specifically the handbags, are good. Designers sent down creations from ball-shaped bags to straw totes (drawing on the popular styles of last summer) as well as newer silhouettes, which will quickly birth an It bag in 2019. Before one's declared the ultimate winner, however, I've rounded up the seven handbag trends to keep your eyes on. These are the ones you should consider adding to your collection.Have no fear, the belt bag you recently bought is still cool for fall 2019. If you don't have one yet, get one below. The accessory was spotted on models at the fall '19 shows like Givenchy, Chanel, and Maryam Nassir Zadeh, which means fresh belt bag options are on their way to retailers. Come winter, you'll be thankful your bag is securely strapped  to your waist, so your hands can remain deep in your puffer jacket's pockets. (There's nothing worse than losing a finger to frost bite while fixing a falling bag strap.)It's not enough to simply cozy up in a shearling jacket or fuzzy-lined boots—you'll need a furry handbag come fall, too. Faux fur, shearling, and the like covered backpacks, belt bags, and crossbody bags on the runways of Prada (see above), Max Mara, and Fendi. The texture will be a must-have look on every handbag next season and extend the cozy theme of your wardrobe even further.Spotted on the spring 2019 runways: duffle bags, but make it fashion. Labels like Coach and Calvin Klein debuted petite versions of your favorite weekenders and effectively made the silhouette cool for everyday wear. Embrace the cylindrical shape in addition to the boxier styles of recent years.  You promised yourself you'd learn to crochet, but never actually got around to it—dammit. Pas de problème, the designers came to your rescue. Crochet totes and backpacks were spotted on the runways of Monse, Isabel Marant, and Chanel, painting an overall boho and summery resort vibe for the season. Whether you're searching for a casual tote to bring to the beach or a semi-fancy one for dinner, there are more than enough crochet options to meet every desire.  Designers like Brandon Maxwell and Burberry flirted with the idea of taking your favorite accessories and shrinking them into pieces no bigger than your palms. The runways were dotted with miniature crossbody bags that probably hold nothing more than a few coins. While highly impractical, these tiny purses are dainty and cute for special occasions. Pro tip: Put a tile tracker on these suckers if you're always misplacing your belongings. Touristy accessories are in style (just go with it). À la the fanny packs of last year, brands such as Gabriela Hearst and Erdem debuted lanyard bags around their models' necks during the spring/summer 2019 shows. Burberry even layered two on one chain. Though I'm surprised this style made a come back, I can't deny their usefulness. Lanyards allow you to carry the necessities without lugging a tote around—a plus if you're planning to attend any concerts this summer.Emporio Armani, Marc Jacons, Dion Lee, and Adeam all released single-handle bags on the runways last year. The style looks clean and sophisticated, especially when the material is a luxe leather. The understated, innovative design has already made its way to popular retailers like Net-a-Porter and Moda Operandi.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			*Buying everything*Want to take your summer style to the next level? Thanks to Shopbop, putting your best look forward doesn't have to cost a small fortune.Right now, the site is offering an extra 25 percent off tons of items in its "Designer Boutique" sale section with the promo code "EXTRA19. With that extra discount on items that were already marked down, you can save as much as 75 percent. It's basically a sale on a sale!And because it's Shopbop, you know the options are going to be drool-worthy. From cult-favorite GANNI to classics like Diane von Furstenberg, the site is the ultimate destination for über-stylish clothes, jewelry, shoes, and much more. While we'll never pass up a good deal on designer duds, shopping this sale is a no-brainer. But hurry: This sale ends Thursday, July 11. We know you don't have all day to sift through Shopbop's inventory, so we're doing the legwork for you. These are the summer essentials we're adding to our cart:$238$107.10This easy, breezy cover-up will transition nicely from rooftop pool to rooftop drinks.  $68$35.70The sweet pleating gives this pair of jorts an elevated flair. $350$131.25 Consider Ulla Johnson's thongs the perfect finishing touch to a tee and cut-offs combo.  $395$207.38Trust us, you'll want to wear Tibi's flowing top all summer long. $180$94.50Calling all runners: These stylish sneakers will put an extra pep in your step.  $538$201.75Throw some shade—stylishly, of course—with Linda Farrow's cool sunglasses. $1,645$370.13Going to a summer wedding? Expect to receive a lot of compliments in this sunny number. $295$110.36Think of all the time you'll save digging through your purse with this transparent pick. $365$164.25Can't decide between a bikini or one-piece? This suit from Stella McCartney offers both.$395$222.19Loeffler Randall's sandals are so pretty, they're like art for your feet. •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			One of my favorite investment pieces. In our biweekly series, editors share "the item they wear to death," whether it be a basic white tee or a super-trendy jumpsuit. Prepare yourself (and your credit card) for some guilt-free shopping.Some might regard pearls as too traditional and matronly, but they're fit for royalty, both real (Queen Elizabeth has not one but three pearl necklaces on rotation) and fashion (Coco Chanel was rarely seen without her (faux!) stack of ivory beads). Don't get me wrong, I still have a thing for diamonds, but maybe just maybe pearls can fight for the role of a girl's best friend. Finding the perfect pair of pearls is a challenge, though. I was looking for something chic, but not too classic. My hunt led me to Net-a-Porter and it was there I serendipitously found the pearls of my dreams from Aurélie Bidermann. Rewind to that late spring morning when I added these to my checkout cart and swiftly arranged to get them delivered on the same day (instant gratification is not overrated). I had no idea just how much wear they would get. I've dressed them up with silk gowns at weddings and paired them down with my signature culotte/sweater combo for work and group dinners. I wear them so much that my friends and coworkers have actually asked me if I own any other earrings. (I do, but these are my favorite.) They're made in France from 18k yellow gold–plated brass and fresh water pearls, so they don't irritate my extremely sensitive ears. These little baubles were also under $200, so they're affordable (especially given that I wear them almost every day), and bring a little bit of class to my deserving earlobes and wardrobe.My beloved pearl earrings are one of my greatest investment pieces, and I plan to keep wearing them for years to come. If my word alone isn't enough to convince you of my love for them, here's a portrait of me wearing the Aurélie Bidermann earrings—painted by Brooklyn-based artist Robert Dandarov—that ties them to me for eternity. The girl with the pearl earring, you say? Yes, that's me.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Expect discounts up to 80 percent off. We know, being back in the office after a glorious holiday weekend is a complete bummer. If the mid-week slump has got you down, The Outnet can help. Today, the retailer kicked off its biggest sale of the summer, offering up to 80 percent off items including clothes, handbags, shoes. As Net-a-Porter's younger (and more affordable) sister, The Outnet has been one of our go-to sites for years. Where else can you get an awesome deal on fashion's biggest labels? The e-retailer sells clothes and accessories from past collections, so most of its prices are already deeply discounted. When you factor in the savings from this sale, you can buy great pieces for a steal.Nothing lasts forever—and this sale is no exception. In fact, some pieces are only available in a few sizes.  Our recommendation? Start shopping, stat. To kick off your spree, check out the pieces we're currently eyeing, below. $62SHOP ITOriginal price: $209 Clare V.'s textured clutch is the perfect finishing touch to any outfit. $95SHOP ITOriginal price: $475Going to the beach? Keep it casual with this flowy dress from Lemlem.$68SHOP ITOriginal price: $340Maje's printed espadrilles will dress up a casual t-shirt and cut-offs combo.$174 SHOP IT Original price: $695Want to get a head-start on your fall shopping? This biker jacket from Derek Lam is equal parts cozy and chic. $34 SHOP ITOriginal price: $85Turn heads on the beach with this sweet swimsuit from The Outnet's signature label, Iris & Ink. We can't get enough of the sweet shoulder details! $45SHOP IT Original price: $225 The Outnet's sale is a great time to stock up on the essentials, like a pair of boyfriend jeans from Rag & Bone. $365 SHOP ITOriginal price: $1,045Can't remember the last time we saw a designer bag for under $400...$174SHOP ITOriginal price: $695Aquazzura's suede sandals will be your go-to pair well into the fall. Plus, they're one of Meghan Markle's favorite brands! $90 SHOP ITOriginal price: $395This top will transition nicely from Summer Fridays at the office to a long weekend seaside. $175SHOP ITOriginal price: $700Take your street style to the next level with Sergio Rossi's fancy sneakers.$195SHOP ITOriginal price: $975Found: The perfect dress for your next summer wedding.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Let us go back in history and explain.Sure, there's a heat wave happening right now, but before you know it, you'll be packing away your sundresses and espadrilles to make room for chunky sweaters and over-the-knee boots. But do you need to ship your cream-colored skirts and ivory pants off to storage? Yes, we're referring to the age-old question, "Can I wear white after Labor Day?" The short answer: Yes! In fact, the story behind this arbitrary dress code is unconvincingly feeble.The history: In the late 19th century—long before you could wear jeans to a Michelin-starred restaurant—the society ladies were engaged in an invisible battle with the nouveau riche, one that could only be won by the subtle manipulation of fashion.The "you can't wear white after Labor Day," rule was created to separate the old money elitists from the new money group. "It [was] insiders trying to keep other people out," according to Valerie Steele, director of the Museum at the Fashion Institute of Technology, in an interview with Time, "and outsiders trying to climb in by proving they know the rules."For those who had money and could leave the city during warmer months, white was considered vacation attire. "If you look at any photograph of any city in America in the 1930s, you'll see people in dark clothes," Charlie Scheips, author of American Fashion, has said. Meanwhile, white linen suits and Panama hats were considered the "look of leisure." Some etiquette authorities like Judith Martin, rebuff this class theory, however, saying, "There are always people who want to attribute everything in etiquette to snobbery. There were many little rules that people did dream up in order to annoy those from whom they wished to disassociate themselves. But I do not believe this is one of them."The true reason could be much simpler: After Labor Day, the first Monday of September, became a federal holiday in 1894, it came to mark the end of summer. Vacationers packed away their breezy white dresses and linen button-downs in favor of darker-hued clothing, like navy suits and gray sweaters. "There used to be a much clearer sense of re-entry," explained Steele. "You're back in the city, back at school, back doing whatever you're doing in the fall—and so you have a new wardrobe."Regardless of how this subjective rule really came about, no one in 2019 should feel the need to follow it. (I'm a fashion editor and I wear white year round, thankyouverymuch.) Style categories include winter whites and summer furs. Gucci currently even offers a $2,300 appliqué cotton hoodie to further prove white clothing is seasonless. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Someone stop me from adding every one to my cart.By now, I'm a pro when it comes to digging through Amazon to find hidden gems, and my latest research into its swimwear offerings has proven fruitful. The e-giant carries a wide variety of styles, so I parsed through a ton of options to compile for you a list of the best bikinis and one-pieces with plenty of fan-approved reviews. From a tummy-control black one-piece to a floral bikini, here are the ones to "add to cart."Voted an Amazon's Choice item, this swimsuit top doubles as a going-out crop top that you can wear with jeans. It has adjustable padded bras for lift, removable shoulder straps, and comes in 26 different colors and prints. This bikini has over 3,000 reviews, with fans raving about the quality and fit of the two-piece—it suits all body types, reviewers say.A swimsuit can never have too many cutouts. If you agree, you'll definitely want this blush pink one-piece with a revealing front and back. It's a cute swimsuit to wear for your upcoming bachelorette party in DR or for a staycation in the Hamptons. Reviews say to size up. This monokini provides coverage but will still leave you feeling sexy, thanks to the mesh material in the middle. One reviewer said, "It was tight enough to give some body shaping support, quality material, and covered in all the right places," while another said, "There's a cute band underneath the breasts that helps contour and hold the girls up..."This is the classic bikini you'll want to buy in bulk (and you can too, since it comes in 20 different prints and colors.) The straps are removable so your top can be worn two different ways and this one review really says it all: "I put this suit on and looked in the mirror and saw a fierce piece of ass. I feel comfortable and confident in all the best ways. I'm really living my best life in this suit." This one-piece, when worn with the removable straps, is perfect for wearing in a game of beach volleyball or, as some reviewers say, perfect for swimming in with your kids. The scallop detail on the chest area gives this swimsuit a feminine feel while the bottom has a high-waisted cut to show off your legs.This floral bikini is the kind you immediately want to Instagram, thanks to the beautiful print. The top has a deep plunging neckline (there is padding) while the bottom is a high-waisted fit. This may not have the full support you want for running around, but that's okay with me. Catch you by the pool in this bikini with a glass of rosé in hand.Fans of high-waisted swimsuits will want this cheeky two-piece. The top has a wire and removable padding, so you can adjust the fit to your body while the bottom rides up high to cover your stomach. Since this swimsuit ships out quickly, order it now and get it just in time for that pool party with friends.For a suit with tummy control, you'll want this black one-piece. It has a nice ruching effect from the sides to the middle and thick straps for extra support. The swimsuit also has no side cutouts or other distracting elements, so you feel fully covered and comfortable. The hues in this swimsuit scream summer and come together nicely for a bright color palette. You'll want to pack this one-piece with you on your next tropical vacation; it'll look amazing against an ocean or palm tree leaves backdrop.The swimsuit has a full-coverage bottom, so you don't have to worry about cheeky flashes, and a high-waist fit to elongate your legs. One reviewer wrote, "I'm a mom and I have some stretch marks on my belly...this suit hugs in all the right spots and is very flattering!" This backless swimsuit has a ruched pattern in the waist for tummy control and a halter-neck strap to support your boobs. A small slit in the middle shows off a peek of skin from the front while still keeping everything modest. Pro tip: to make the cup inserts fit at your desired height, take out the extra seam on the inside. •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			 They go with everything.Kate Middleton attended Wimbledon a few weeks ago and now her sister Pippa is taking in the action. On Monday, Pippa, a regular attendee at the games, went to her first 2019 match with her brother James Middleton. She wore a pink Stella McCartney pleated dress and matching hat while carrying what looked like her J.Crew woven clutch (the same one Meghan Markle has). James, meanwhile, looked dapper in a gray double-breasted suit and blue button-down shirt. What stuck out about Pippa's polished pink ensemble was her choice of shoes. The socialite usually goes for a pair of espadrilles at Wimbledon (they're one of her favorite footwear styles), but today she chose a trendy, barely-there heel by Stella McCartney. The backless style had one strap over her toes and came in a beige color, which I am a fan of because #versatility. You made have noticed this season it's all about the minimalist sandals/heels with a square toe and Pippa's definitely a fan. If your budget won't let you drop $565 on a pair of heels though, I found other options for you. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Meghan Markle and Prince Harry released photos of Archie Harrison's christening this past weekend, and it was filled with all kinds of subtle and overt symbolism from past and present royal events. We got a literal tribute to Harry's mom Princess Diana by including her two sisters in the formal christening photo, and Kate Middleton wore the same earrings that Diana wore to Harry's christening in 1984. But the cutest reference of all was actually Meghan's—she wore the same earrings as the ones she wore on her wedding day, tying in the two biggest days of her life to date (excluding the birth announcement/Archie's debut, of course, which also must have been huge for her). As originally told to the Daily Mail, stylist Rochelle White explained that the similarity in styles deliberately "linked the two meaningful events together" and "paid homage to her wedding day." She also wore the $15,000 Galanterie de Cartier diamond and white gold studs when she joined Harry at an Invictus event before the wedding, so this must be a favorite pair for her. (And with good reason. They're stunning.) It doesn't look like the exact pair's currently available, but there's a similar version with black lacquer. Here's the original post—swipe through to see a closeup of the earrings:  This morning, The Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s son, Archie Harrison Mountbatten-Windsor was christened in the Private Chapel at Windsor Castle at an intimate service officiated by the Archbishop of Canterbury, Justin Welby. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are so happy to share the joy of this day with members of the public who have been incredibly supportive since the birth of their son. They thank you for your kindness in welcoming their first born and celebrating this special moment. Their Royal Highnesses feel fortunate to have enjoyed this day with family and the godparents of Archie. Their son, Archie, was baptised wearing the handmade replica of the royal christening gown which has been worn by royal infants for the last 11 years. The original Royal Christening Robe, made of fine Honiton lace lined with white satin, was commissioned by Queen Victoria in 1841 and first worn by her eldest daughter. It was subsequently worn for generations of Royal christenings, including The Queen, her children and her grandchildren until 2004, when The Queen commissioned this handmade replica, in order for the fragile historic outfit to be preserved, and for the tradition to continue. Photo credit: Chris Allerton ©️SussexRoyalA post shared by  The Duke and Duchess of Sussex (@sussexroyal) on Jul 6, 2019 at 8:14am PDTIt's probably no coincidence, but the Sussex Royal Instagram account recently hit nine million followers (just behind Kensington Royal's 9.5 million followers). Everyone loves Archie and some gorgeous jewelry!!And here's a closeup of the studs on the day of the wedding: Now I've gone down the wormhole of pics from that gorgeous, gorgeous day. Pinterest dream board wedding vibes, forever and ever.  For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			This photo needs to be framed.Last July, Meghan Markle attended Prince Louis' christening. This July, she's hosting her own ceremony for two-month old son Archie Harrison Mountbatten-Windsor. Meghan and Harry's son was christened at the queen's private chapel in Windsor Castle and the ceremony was said to be small and private, with approximately 25 guests. Unlike the Cambridges, who allowed press to cover the comings and goings during the ceremony, Harry and Meghan waited to release photos and now we finally have them. For the ceremony, the Duchess of Susses chose a beautiful white dress by Dior. To complete the outfit, Meghan wore a matching fascinator and accessories and simple diamond stud earrings. You can see the look in the family portrait the senior royals (and Meghan's mom, Doria Ragland) posed for after Archie's christening and again in the more intimate family shot of Harry, Meghan and Archie celebrating the milestone day. Harry and Meghan also shared both photos with the public on their official Sussex Royal Instagram account. This won't be the last time we get a glimpse of sweet Archie. He is expected to travel to Africa in the fall with his parents. (Harry and Meghan will visit South Africa and potentially other countries like Malawi, Angola, and Botswana.) The little tot will be a world traveler before he's hit the age of one! For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She wore the perfect summer look.  Kate Middleton is an expert at christening ceremonies, having already baptized her three kids. Today, however, the Duchess of Cambridge was simply a spectator, enjoying the religious festivities for Harry and Meghan's son Archie. The royal family and a handful of other guests gathered at the queen's private chapel in Windsor Castle to christen the two-month-old baby boy.Though the whole ceremony was held in private, photos were finally released. While Meghan wore a white Dior dress, Kate was appeared in Archie's officially christening photos wearing a perfect pink Stella McCartney dress, which she paired with a red headband and red shoes. The dress was very different from the Alexander McQueen ensembles Kate wore to her own children's christenings. For those ceremonies, Kate always wore off-white dresses, perhaps as a way to match her children's gowns. Today though, the Duchess went for a bright pop of color, which fit right in with those summertime vibes. Kate's McQueen outfits at her children's christening ceremonies:Kate's outfit at Archie's christening: This morning, The Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s son, Archie Harrison Mountbatten-Windsor was christened in the Private Chapel at Windsor Castle at an intimate service officiated by the Archbishop of Canterbury, Justin Welby. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are so happy to share the joy of this day with members of the public who have been incredibly supportive since the birth of their son. They thank you for your kindness in welcoming their first born and celebrating this special moment. Their Royal Highnesses feel fortunate to have enjoyed this day with family and the godparents of Archie. Their son, Archie, was baptised wearing the handmade replica of the royal christening gown which has been worn by royal infants for the last 11 years. The original Royal Christening Robe, made of fine Honiton lace lined with white satin, was commissioned by Queen Victoria in 1841 and first worn by her eldest daughter. It was subsequently worn for generations of Royal christenings, including The Queen, her children and her grandchildren until 2004, when The Queen commissioned this handmade replica, in order for the fragile historic outfit to be preserved, and for the tradition to continue. Photo credit: Chris Allerton ©️SussexRoyalA post shared by  The Duke and Duchess of Sussex (@sussexroyal) on Jul 6, 2019 at 8:14am PDTFor more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			If you haven't found a hat you'd be willing to smush in your suitcase, you've probably never come across one you truly love. Now that the sun has decided to make an appearance again, reminder: Hats are chic and a great way to protect against harmful rays. Shop our favorites—from visors to ball caps to bucket hats—that you're going to want to take with you everywhere this summer, ahead.  In case you haven't heard, tie-dye is officially a 2019 trend. Throwback to your summer camp days with this blue-and-white pick. Cuyana takes a classic straw hat and gives it a modern, minimal feel with a thin ribbon that blends in perfectly, whether you choose the black or creme one. It's not summer unless you look like a chic zookeeper (in the best way) while you're eating lunch on the beach. Marimekko's sun hat is definitely not for the shy types, and your friends will have no problem spotting you at the pool. The pull-through scarf in this woven hat adds a Parisian touch to an otherwise American staple. Throw on a maxi skirt and white tee for an effortless look. Recreate Em Rata's summer '18 look with this oversized brim straw hat and show off that BHE (big hat energy).  An open raffia hat ideal for days spent on a boat, perusing your favorite stores on the weekends, or really anywhere you want to look like an off-duty model.The ribbon on this classic straw hat adds some charm to a casual summer look. Gone are the days when the visor was reserved for your mom and her tennis friends.The solution to humid, frizz-prone rainy days? This waterproof high-gloss bucket hat that's the epitome of fashion brilliance.This straw hat fits the bill for a Fourth of July on the water or year-round.Oh, don't mind me and my party hat on the way to happy hour. For a minimal look, go for Reinhard Plank's gorgeous rust felt hat. A retro snakeskin visor that will shade your face from the sun while still allowing your hair to get those natural highlights.I'm the captain now. Behold the brilliance that are these holographic visor sunglasses to block out the haters all summer long. Take a trip to the '90s in this frayed denim bucket hat.Keep the desert vibes long after Coachella with this wool hat topped with a harness strap.Stay neutral at the baseball games in this simple strawberry ball cap.All you need is a pair of espadrilles and a maxi dress to make this classic summer look complete. •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It took over 350 hours to make.The moment that Sophie Turner and Joe Jonas shared the first official photo from their wedding day in France, the whole world fell head over heels in love with her beautiful wedding dress. It was a total showstopper and suited the actress perfectly, with a plunging necklace, lace sleeves and a modern twist thanks to the cool cut-out back shape.At first glance it was stunning enough, but the finer details of Sophie’s bridal gown are nothing less than mind blowing. PEOPLE reports that the dress (now officially known in my world as The Dress™) was designed by none other than Nicolas Ghesquière, Louis Vuitton’s Artistic Director of Women’s Collections, and the intricacies are so impressive.The custom gown featured delicate, flower-embroidered tulle alongside the finest silk gazer fabric, along with stunning shoulder details and a draped belt in optical white leather satin around the waist. Mr and Mrs Jonas  Photo by @corbingurkinA post shared by  Sophie Turner (@sophiet) on Jul 3, 2019 at 8:34pm PDTJudging by the endless detail, it might not surprise you to hear that it took more than (deep breath...) 350 collective hours to make the dress entirely. More than 10 embroiderers in total put in 75 hours of craftmanship to complete the unique piece, with a pattern of over 650,000 stitches along the 14 meters of Sophie’s embroidered tulle. I have a migraine just thinking about those numbers.Although it’s not too noticeable in the bride and groom’s sweet photograph, Sophie’s dress was also embroidered with subtle crystals—50,400 crystal eclats, to be exact, and 50,400 white beads too on each individual panel of the gown.  Absolute beauty @sophietA post shared by @ nicolasghesquiere on Jul 3, 2019 at 6:55pm PDTMeanwhile, the elegant princess-like veil worn by the Game of Thrones star took no less than 48 hours of embroidery all by itself thanks to the luxe creative process behind it. Sources explain that the thread for each cascading flower adorning the veil was hand cut every time, and the hem was also hand-cut for a more natural, waterfall look to match with the long sleeves of the dress.A badass BEVZA jumpsuit at a Las Vegas chapel, complete with Elvis impersonator and ring pop rings, followed by the elegant princess dress of dreams a few weeks later. Wow, get you a girl who can do both.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Well, it's now on its way to me.As the most influential royal out there (maybe apart from Prince George, who is carelessly setting trends on the daily), Meghan Markle only has to glance at an item of clothing for it to sell out just like *that*. So, naturally, when she made an unexpected appearance at Wimbledon on Thursday, all eyes were on her effortlessly chic choice of outfit for the sunny afternoon.The Duchess of Sussex arrived unannounced to support close friend Serena Williams in her latest match, and was joined by her two college BFFs for the occasion. It was a low-key break from maternity leave for Meghan, reflected in her leisurely choice of trusty blue skinny jeans, simple black bumps, and a staple black vest paired with a Panama hat.If we know one thing about Meghan Markle by now, the gal just cannot resist a laidback blazer, and her outfit was complete with a cool and casual white pinstripe jacket by L’Agence. With wide peak lapels, a subtle pinstripe, bold black buttons and turned up cuffs, it was a classic pre-royal Meghan style moment. The good news is that the Duchess-approved preppy jacket is currently on sale with a major 63% off, to take the price from $550.00 to a much less terrifying $199.99. Aaand there it goes, straight into my basket.Now you just need to land the courtside invitation, which may prove slightly trickier.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			No shirt, no problem.When you're a star, you can wear whatever you want—literally. Standard apparel rules us "normals" follow go out the window when a celebrity is getting dressed. Case in point: A bra is totally a shirt if your name is Bella Hadid, Rihanna, or Kim Kardashian West. And yes, see-through lace bodysuits work for the daytime. Ahead, 40 times celebrities mastered the art of wearing lingerie as clothing. Follow suit, if you dare.At the 2016 American Music Awards, the singer showed up in a lacy bustier top and white pants. She proved you can mix lingerie pieces with sleek office-ready trousers for that sexy nighttime look. The model attended La Perla's store opening during Milan Fashion Week and wore a bodysuit with a furry crop jacket and champagne-colored pants. It was a seamless way to work the brand's lingerie pieces into her party attire. The model's I-just-rolled-out-of-bed look is impressive. She let her black lace bra peek out from underneath her luxe sleepwear and added a red lip and heels to dress up the ensemble. Hadid wore head-to-toe pink for an event in NYC. She selected a bralette for underneath her see-through lace shirt to spice up the feminine ensemble. It worked.If there's a bra you want to show off, wear a sheer shirt like Ashley Graham did for an Addition Elle event in 2016. To keep the outfit modest the rest of the way, a long body-hugging skirt will do. For a more understated way to wear your lingerie, pick a black bodysuit or tank top and layer it with your favorite black duster coat and pants. Ciara pulled off this fashion week–worthy look in 2016 at Givenchy's runway show.  What does one wear under a sheer dress? Nude undergarments of course. Hadid rocked it in this beige Dior ensemble and convinced us the look is definitely worth a try.Show off all your pretty bralettes by wearing them under a tailored blazer. Just like the Kardashians, Delevingne tends to gravitate towards this style—and why not? It looks amazing on her. The sheer top + bra trend had a moment in 2017 and is always an option when you want to show a little skin. To dress down the look, pull a Bieber and wear with jeans.Going to an award show or getting ready for bed? Miley wore this daring white buster and matching boy shorts ensemble to the iHeart Radio Music Festival in 2013. The sneakers, instead of heels, added a more casual touch.As Sports Illustrated's 2015 Sportsperson of the Year, Williams was not afraid to tap into the brand's DNA of baring it all. The tennis star looked amazing in a lace slip dress, which she wore with a flouncy skirt and black boy shorts.Going to an outdoor concert this summer? You'll want to take a page from Sara Sampaio's book and wear this plunging bodysuit with a bralette and denim shorts. It's sexy, ventilated, and comfortable.  The date-night outfit that'll keep your SO's eyes on you all night long. Just be careful when you drink red wine. Joan Smalls, or someone on her team, probably kept a Tide-to-Go pen nearby just in case. Anything goes when you're sitting front row at the Louis Vuitton show, especially sheer ensembles. The actress managed to look sexy, edgy, and tasteful with this see-through long-sleeve tunic top and bra.You can layer a tee underneath your pantsuit set, but our preference, as is Kendrick's, is to layer a lacy bodysuit. The actress and singer mastered the look with pink heels at the 60th annual Grammy Awards.How to make any night gown work for the day: add a furry coat and heels. Skriver  looked like she was ready to party after her 9-to-5 modeling job.Scroll through street style pics of Bella Hadid and you'll see numerous instances of the model wearing some form of lingerie as clothing. Exhibit A: Hadid paired a white bustier with high-waisted jeans and and an over-sized anorak while trotting around Paris.Rihanna's wardrobe is so badass that you almost don't notice she's not wearing real clothes. Here, the singer’s floor-length coat, printed hat, and frayed denim almost disguised the fact that her top is actually a bra.It shouldn't come as a surprise that Kim K—who has joked about "being naked most of the time"—is a multiple offender in the lingerie-as-clothes department. In 2016, she stepped out in New York City wearing a black bra, an open blazer, and velvet leggings.In 2018, Kendall Jenner breezed through New York City wearing a silky chemise and jeans—a combo she relies on time and time again. Conjure up an image of Kendall Jenner in your mind and you’re likely to picture the model like so.Katy Perry made a convincing case for slip dresses as evening wear when she wore this pink, lacy number in London over the summer.The model walked the 2016 Los Angeles Fashion Awards red carpet in a sheer gown that exposed the body suit she was wearing underneath. Halsey isn’t one to shy away from super-bold red carpet looks. The singer wore this bra-and-skirt combo with over-the-knee gladiator sandals to the 2017 Billboard Music Awards in Las Vegas, Nevada. Bella Thorne arrived at the Adidas and Manchester United Squad Unmissable event in an interesting ensemble. The actresses opted for a black, strappy bra, low-rise denim, and an unbuttoned jersey, giving us major early-aughts vibes.In 2017, Hadid stepped off a plane at Heathrow airport in the comfiest version of lingerie as clothes: The model paired a white sports bra with an open, black sweatshirt and matching pants.Khloe Kardashian arrived at the Good American launch event in Los Angeles wearing a lacy bodysuit with light-wash jeans. Fun fact: Khloe’s wax figure at Madame Tussauds Los Angeles is dressed in this look!It’s fitting that Tinashe brought out her bedroom best for Rihanna’s Fenty PUMA show in 2017, since RiRi loves lingerie so much herself. The singer’s turtleneck was complete with a bra-bearing cutout, because why not.In 2015, Rita Ora was spotted in London wearing a fishnet tank over a black bra. The look was completed with slashed denim and an unzipped bomber jacket. Kim really went for it while she and Kanye were in Miami Beach, Florida, in 2016. The reality star was spotted wearing a plunging bodysuit under a super-sheer dress with lace-up heels and a diamond choker. Iggy Azalea gave off major Sporty Spice vibes at the 2016 iHeartRadio Music Awards with a blue bra, baggy denim, and platform sneakers.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Yesterday, Prince Harry was at the first National Youth Mentoring Summit (he went solo—Meghan Markle's still on maternity leave and only coming out sporadically in public). But, his wife wasn't far from anyone's mind, because Harry got a special piece of (shoppable) jewelry that was particularly symbolic for her. Per People:Lapis lazuli has been connected to royalty and can be associated with wisdom, love, and healing. So, beyond the immediate meaning of the TAPS bracelet in connection with those who made it, the choice of stone is also significant for the new mom. The dark blue would contrast nicely with the turquoise jewelry that Meghan's been wearing lately, both at the official introduction of Archie (necklace) and her appearance at the Yankees vs. Red Sox game (earrings). According to the Daily Mail, turquoise represents healing, so this is also a particularly significant stone for Meghan. According to Heather Askinoise, co-founder of Energy Muse, "Turquoise is the perfect crystal for a new mothers as it is said to bring blessings to those who wear it." Here's a closeup of Meghan's earrings at the game: And her turquoise necklace at the birth announcement: With all that said, though, Meghan definitely wore that necklace at Christmas in 2018, so I don't want to read too much into the "secret" messages of the jewelry. Plus, she didn't wear turquoise at Trooping the Colour, instead choosing to put the focus on her new third ring and her redesigned engagement ring. Either way, she's got a great eye—and now she has a new piece to add to her collection! For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The accessories are so luxe and dreamy.Put away the neutrals, everyone, because summer's here, and that means it's time to break out the bold and bright colors. And Louis Vuitton's latest vibrant offering is just what you need to shield yourself from the heat in style.The luxury fashion house debuted a collab with multimedia artist and designer Alex Israel that features an eight-piece collection of stunning textiles. The exclusive collection, which includes various scarves, shawls, blankets, and even a sexy bandeau, are all imbued with Israel's signature pop aesthetic, so expect bold colors like purple, pink, and yellow all mixed together. The capsule collection also spotlights some of Israel's most well-known designs, such as his cotton candy-colored Sky Backdrop (which was once featured in the MoMA) and his puffy Wave painting.Supermodel Karlie Kloss was chosen as the face for this limited-edition collection:This eight-piece collection isn't the fashion house's first time partnering with Israel; earlier this year, Louis Vuitton recruited Israel to design the packaging artwork for its perfume line Les Colognes Perfumes and also tapped him for a California-inspired take on its iconic Capucines bag. You can find the collab at the pop-up store within the Louis Vuitton X exhibition in Los Angeles and is available in select locations. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			 I actually want to meal prep this week.In the summer, I always want to use my full lunch hour outdoors because of the warm-weather and prime people-watching opportunities. Since my monthly budget gets in the way of me splurging on yet another poke bowl, I bring food from home. This presents another conundrum though: I am in need of a cute lunch bag that I won't be embarrassed to carry in public. My tote bag just isn't cutting it anymore. Ahead, I present to you my best lunch bag finds so we can all eat outdoors (or at our desks) in style.If you're looking for a 9-to-5 lunch bag that doubles as an accessory on the weekends, consider this option from Botkier. It has the vintage vibe of a picnic basket without the hassle of actually having to pack food for a large group. Gift the graduate in your life this adult-like yet still playful lunchbox from Kate Spade. The summertime vibes of the strawberry print will make them look forward to devouring even the saddest of desk sandwiches.   This lunch box comes with two insulated compartments and a pretty metallic gold outer shell. It's not only stylish, but also has a charitable component . For every State piece purchased, a fully-stocked backpack will be delivered to an American child in need as a part of the brand's #GIVEBACKPACK initiative. This bag is designed to look like those brown paper bags from your childhood, though with none of the rips and soaked bottoms before lunch time. It's made with a tear-proof and splash-proof synthetic material, so you can reuse this to pack your meal every day. This Merci Beau Coup tote will speak to your inner French-girl soul without having to actually fly to France. It's good for picnics, farmers market expeditions, and the office. This carry-all lunch bag will also fit the tupperware of cookies you made last night for your team.You already shop on Amazon for everything, so why not pick out a lunch bag with your next round of purchases too? This one with a geometric design is only $14 and is handmade with eco-friendly study canvas fabric. Not a fan of the print? There are more than 10 options to pick from. You definitely won't forget to grab this rainbow-splashed bag off the kitchen counter on your way out. The bucket shape and color are playful without looking childish and fits everything from a sandwich and fruits to a bottle of wine (we mean for the weekend!).If you're looking for a lunch box that can double as an actual purse on your days off, get this one from Modern Picnic. The brand was founded in 2018 and all its products are made from vegan leather complete with a functional and cute bamboo handle. Your coworkers will never guess that this is a luncher until you tell them.Your grandmother isn't ready to retire yet and still brings her lunch every day to work. Show her you support her goals with this two-toned printed lunch bag from Anthropologie. It's a no-fuss boxy pouch for all her snacks, drinks, and more.For a lunch box that works for all sexes, you'll want this minimalist option from Fjallraven. It has one big compartment plus a zippered pouch to hold just what you need, so you won't be tempted to over stuff it with too many mid-afternoon snacks. If all the lunch bags on this list feel too summery, you'll be happy to know this splatter print works for your moodier tastes in the fall/winter. The insulated pouch features a removable insulated insert for easy daily cleaning (love this!) and a messenger strap for convenience.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			From that Dior house dress to Virginie Viard's haute couture debut for Chanel.The runway shows coming out of Paris Couture Week are the only things more unmissable than the street style. Fashion houses like Dior (the house dress!), Givenchy, and Chanel have already shown remarkable show-stopping looks, with more runway ensembles to come. These couture creations are different than your regular ready-to-wear collections when it comes to drama, extravagance, and flair, so catch up on some of the best outfits ahead. The artistry from the designers and creative directors do not disappoint. •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here). 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's not just about the runway shows.Keep your eyes glued to Instagram and Marie Claire, because Paris haute couture week is finally here. We're tracking everything from the runway creations to the street style outfits coming out of Paris. If you ever wanted to tap your inner-French girl style, now's the week to do so. Ahead, photographer Tyler Joe captured some of the best style moments that will take care of your outfit inspo for the rest of summer.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here). 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's called multitasking.There may not seem to be much to celebrate about America right now, but at least there are plenty of amazing sales to take our minds off of the chaos for a day (while, of course, acknowledging the privilege we have to do so). In-between lounging by the pool with a hot dog and waiting for the fireworks to begin, shop the best fashion, accessories, and home Fourth of July sales, below. Date: June 27–July 17Discount: Up to 75 percent off original price with a highlight on denim for $29.99 (originally $129-$99)SHOPDate: July 1–8Discount: Savings up to 65 percent off. Women’s moccasins: $145 (a handful even as low as $125). Season’s sandals: As low as $125. Season’s sneakers: As low as $165SHOPDate: July 3–4Discount: Extra 10 percent off sale SHOPDate: June 27–July 8Discount: Additional 25 percent off sale itemsDate: June 13-July 14  Discount: Up to 60 percent offSHOPDate: July 2–7Discount: 20 percent off sale and clearance clothing and accessories, jewelry, watches, and home items. Get an extra 15 percent off select sale and clearance men’s shoes, coats, dresses, suits, lingerie, luggage, and swim. Plus, extra 10 percent off select sale and clearance small appliances and rugs using code: FOURTH.  Date: July 4–8Discount: 20 percent off and free shipping sitewide using code: SPARKS20 *Excludes full price Original Collection, Dr. Scholl’s Kids, and Dr. Scholl’s Work shoesDate: July 3–8Discount: Flash sale up to 75 percent off; 10 percent off sitewide using code: PRETTYJULY4SHOP Date: June 30–July 6Discount: Additional 40 percent off sale  SHOPDate: July 2–7Discount: 20 percent off sitewide using code: 4THYEAHSHOPDate: July 1–7Discount: 30 percent off men’s and women’s favorites (men’s midweight, v-neck, and long sleeve henley; women’s crew pocket, long sleeve crew, crop long sleeve, scoop, muscle tank, muscle crop tank, spaghetti crop tank)Date: July 3–5Discount: Gift with purchase promo:  $75 Spend = Travel Bottle Opener; $200 Spend = Printed Travel Carafe; $500 Spend = Collapsible BasketSHOP Date: July 2-7Discount: Extra 30 percent off summer sale in-store and online using code: JULY30SHOPDate: June 27–July 7Discount: Up to 60 percent off everything. Styles starting at $4 Date: July 3–7Discount: Additional 40 percent off sale items Date: July 3–7Discount: 20 percent off $50; 25 percent off $75; 30 percent off $100 SHOPDate: July 4Discount: 30 percent off sitewideSHOPDate: July 3-7Discount: Additional 30 percent off all sale items SHOPDate: July 4–12Discount: 30 percent off sitewide using code: JULY4SHOPDate: June 28–July 8Discount: Select products up to 70 percent offDate: June 27–July 8Discount: Up to 50 percent off select stylesSHOP Date: June 27–July 4Discount: Free shipping with any purchase using code: FIREWORKS Date: Now until July 8Discount: Extra 30 percent off semi-annual sale bras and sleep/apparel; Up to 70 percent off sleep, apparel, and swim; Bras $19.99 and upSHOPDate: July 4–7Discount: Extra 15 percent off summer sale in-store and online SHOPDate: July 1–7 Discount: Extra 15 percent off summer sale in-store and online SHOP Date: July 2–8Discount: 10 percent off $100, 15 percent off $150, and 25 percent off $250 using code: SUMMERSAMSHOPDate: July 1-7Discount: 20 percent off all orders using code: July42019SHOPDate: July 2-14Discount: Accessories up to 50 percent off in-store and onlineSHOPDate: June 26-July 10Discount: 50 percent off online and in-store; GWP beach ball with $200 purchase; 50-70 percent off all outlet storesSHOPDate: July 4-6Discount: 15 percent off entire siteSHOP Date: July 4-7Discount: Additional 15 percent off all sales pieces SHOP Date: July 3-7 Discount: New markdowns and deeper markdowns up to 50 percent offSHOPDate: July 3-4Discount: 40 percent off almost everything using code: JULY4 SHOPDate: July 2-9; July 2-4Discount: Up to 50 percent off select summer styles (no code needed); 20 percent off + free shipping sitewide using code: FIREWORKSSHOPDate: July 1–5Discount: 15 percent off orders $35+ using code: AMERICA15Date: June 29–July 7Discount: $250 off select mattresses using code: HAPPY4TH Date: June 26–July 6Discount: 15 percent off sitewide using code: FIREWORKSSHOPDate: June 28–July 21Discount: Up to 40 percent off selected sleep, skincare, bodycare, and bathSHOPDate: June 29–July 7Discount: 10 percent off everything, 15 percent off $900+, 20 percent off $1400+, and 25 percent off $1800+ using code: FREEDOMSHOP Date: July 2–6Discount: Extra 20 percent off sale items using code: EXTRA20SHOPDate: June 27–July 4Discount: 20 percent off sitewide using code: JULY4SHOP Date: June 28–July 4Discount: Up to 75 percent off sitewideSHOPDate: July 1–7Discount: 20 percent off using code: SPARKLERS. *Exclusions may applyDate: July 2–4Discount: 40 percent off wall hangings, art prints, tapestries, posters; 30 percent off comforters, duvets, shower curtains, phone cases, throw pillows; 20 percent off everything elseSHOPDate: July 2–4Discount: 15 percent off framed limited edition prints using code: STARS15; 15 percent off originals of $1500+ using code: BLUE15; 10 percent off all other originals using code: RED10SHOP  Date: July 2–5Discount: Enjoy up to 70 percent off luxury bedding, sheets, and home décorSHOP Date: July 1–7Discount: 50 percent off over 350 of Lovehoney’s bestsellers and top reviewed productsSHOPDate: June 21–July 9   Discount: 20 percent off entire Bear's purchasing using code: JULY20. Two free Cloud Pillows also included with every mattress purchase.SHOPDate: July 3-9Discount: Get 20 percent off $300 using code: JULY20; Spend $500 and get 25 percent off using code: JULY25SHOP Date: July 4Discount: 15 percent off sitewide using code: FOURTHSHOPThis post will be updated as more sales become available.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Ask her anything about skincare and jeans. In a bi-weekly series, we're interviewing female executives, founders, CEOs—basically, boss ladies—on their one "power suit" a.k.a. the outfit they wear every day for easy dressing to conquer whatever the job throws at them.You can add Marianna Hewitt to your list of successful influencers-turned-entrepreneurs. She's best known for creating the Summer Fridays Jet Lag Mask, an antioxidant-rich hydrating mask that has earned skincare cred across the industry. The mask, sold on the Summer Fridays website and in Sephora, comes in a sleek blue tube that looks great on your vanity. It also looks beautiful on the 'gram, a major plus.Hewitt, who co-founded the brand with Lauren Gores Ireland in 2018, traces her passion for skincare back to her early influencer days, when she would post beauty product reviews on her YouTube channel and, later, Instagram Stories. "Every time I would post a skincare item on YouTube or Instagram, my audience would ask 'Is this pregnancy safe? Is this good for sensitive skin? Does it have this or that ingredient?'" she recalls, "I always felt like I fell short on answering their questions thoroughly, so eventually they became my focus group and inspiration for starting Summer Fridays."Hewitt and Ireland used the questions and advice from their followers to create a formula from scratch, with the help of chemists. It took two years to make each product (the brand currently carries three), all free from harmful ingredients like silicones, phthalates, and surfactants (you can read more about that here), and contain beneficial ingredients like chestnut extract and vitamin C. Hewitt and Ireland also do not test products on animals, instead choosing to send them to friends and family for feedback.All these do-good and feel-good components of the brand tie nicely into its name—Summer Fridays—as they evoke that blissful end-of-the-week feeling. "Everyone's working hard and self-care is important. A summer Friday means taking time for yourself and giving your skin that day off to recuperate," Hewitt says.The entrepreneur appears to have the whole work-life balance thing figured out. If you're eager to absorb her laidback Cali energy, learn more about Summer Fridays and what she wears to feel powerful while running her young company, below."It depends on what I have going on because right now I have two full-time jobs. One is running Summer Fridays with Lauren and the other is my influencer life. If I'm in Los Angeles, I wake up around 7 a.m. and start my day with a smoothie. I follow nutritionist Kelly LeVeque of Be Well by Kelly and have her book, so I'll make something from that. I'll then have a coffee and hop on email to go through any time-sensitive messages.  Them, I'll go into the office. We try to schedule all of our meetings and phone calls back to back on the days I'm in L.A., so we can be the most efficient with our time. I have this productivity time cube—which you can get on amazon—and it's good at helping you set up time blocks for different projects. I'll dedicate myself to individual tasks in 30 or 60 minute increments and I won't feel tempted to check my phone." "My everyday work life is pretty simple. When I get ready for the office at Summer Fridays, I don't worry about doing my hair and makeup because our company culture is young and we're based in California. We dress like ourselves and never want to feel like we're playing dress up just because we run a business now. When I'm traveling, I pack everything in cubes. It's not necessary a space saver, but it helps to know where everything is in your suitcase. If I am packing for a longer period of time, I'll keep clothes on hangers and stuff them in a duffle bag and check that in. That way, I can just grab everything and hang them up. I always pack black, white, and neutral clothes because then I can wear every top with every pair of pants. I always bring a pair of flats and nude heels. I check all my beauty products in because they're over 3.4 ounces, but on the plane I bring lip balm, hand-sanitizing wipes, a vitamin C packet—I drink that as soon as I board—and OLLY sleep vitamins. My favorite sleeping eye mask to block out light is the one by Slip." "Since the weather is nice in L.A., I usually wear the same thing: a long-sleeve tee, denim, and a pair of comfortable heels—I love Gianvito Rossi. My jeans are usually from DL1961 denim and I use my Saint Laurent tote as my work bag. It's a nice bag for the office and for going out, so I've gotten so much use out of it. A great tote bag for work is such a good investment piece. If I'm attending something as an influencer, I will definitely get more dressed up and do my hair and makeup.I love rose gold jewelry, so I have these tiny earrings that I always wear. I also received a necklace right when we launched Summer Fridays and it has our brand's logo on it, which I always wear because it's so meaningful. The necklace is a nice way to rep the brand without wearing something like a logo t-shirt."  "Comfortable, confident, and classic.""Something I always say is 'don't be afraid to ask anyone for anything.' Don't be afraid of rejection because you never know if the person on the other end might just say yes."For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			If you hurry, you can dress like a duchess on the (relative) cheap. Kate Middleton's $130 & Other Stories dress is back in stock, but who knows how long that will last. The dress in question is one that Kate wore to the opening of her "Back to Nature" Garden at the RHS Chelsea Flower Show in May. The "Back to Nature" Garden's aim is to help kids and their parents reconnect with, well, nature, so it was fitting when Kate invited her whole family, including her husband, Prince William, and their three children, Prince George, Princess Charlotte, and Prince Louis, out to experience the garden themselves. Kate wore the gorgeous yellow, floral printed & Other Stories dress for the family outing. Kensington Royal shared pictures of the day (and Kate's perfect summer dress), on Instagram:  The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are very pleased to share some new photographs of their family as they visited the RHS Back to Nature Garden at the #ChelseaFlowerShow on Sunday afternoon. The photographs were taken by @mattporteous. The #RHSChelsea Back to Nature Garden, designed by The Duchess and award-winning landscape architects Andrée Davies and Adam White of Davies White Landscape Architects, is a woodland setting for families and communities to come together and connect with nature. Her Royal Highness is a strong advocate for the proven benefits the outdoors has on physical and mental health, and the positive impact that nature and the environment can have on childhood development in particular. Over the past months, Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis have helped The Duchess gather moss, leaves and twigs to help decorate @The_RHS Back to Nature Garden. Hazel sticks collected by the family were also used to make the garden’s den.  The Duchess told Monty Don in an interview for the BBC: “I really feel that nature and being interactive outdoors has huge benefits on our physical and mental wellbeing, particularly for young children. I really hope that this woodland that we have created really inspires families, kids and communities to get outside, enjoy nature and the outdoors, and spend quality time together.”A post shared by  Kensington Palace (@kensingtonroyal) on May 19, 2019 at 2:31pm PDTHere's a full-length view of the dress, courtesy of & Other Stories: The dress, described by the brand as a "midi length dress with layered ruffled tiers, a drawstring tie waist, and tie up ruffled bib in a mixed floral graphic print," retails for $130. The dress is also available in a shorter (and cheaper) style that's currently on sale for $48. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.subscribe here		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The collection is highly anticipated.Last month, Prada's resort 2020 collection was hosted in New York City. On Saturday, for its sister label Miu Miu's 2020 runway show, the setting is Paris. Designer Miuccia Prada is set to debut a collection that's sure to capture the attention of guests and superfans alike. How can I watch, you might ask? Well, we have a livestream set up for you below. You can tune into the show from anywhere, whether you're on the couch with your pup or getting your tan on by the pool.Last season, Miu Miu's resort 2019 runway show featured a host of celebrities from supermodel Naomi Campbell to actresses like Gwendoline Christie and Uma Thurman. Will we see a star-studded lineup this year? Who will be walking? All your questions will be answered in just a few minutes, so tune in to the video ahead.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Katie Holmes is living her best life, wearing high fashion and partying in Capri. With Laura Dern. The envy is almost too much, TBH. Katie and Laura both made the guest list for Australian fashion brand Zimmermann's Zim x Capri celebration dinner on the Italian island. "About Last Night: For the opening of our new Capri store, we kicked off a weekend celebration with a lovely sunset dinner at Il Riccio," Zimmermann wrote on Instagram the morning after event. "Thank you to our wonderful team for creating a beautiful night and to all our naughty friends for making it so much fun! La dolce vita!" The dinner, which Laura described as "the most gorgeous evening imaginable," even inspired Katie to post a rare photo of herself on Instagram (it follows a string of beautiful, quasi-abstract images of things like raindrops on a window because Katie 'grams the world as she sees it). "Thank you @zimmermann and @mcarfrae for a beautiful time 💕," Katie wrote, along with the photo, a perfectly filtered, sunrise-hued shot of herself with the ocean in the background.   Thank you @zimmermann and @mcarfrae for a beautiful time 💕A post shared by  Katie Holmes (@katieholmes212) on Jun 28, 2019 at 11:48am PDTKatie wore Zimmermann's Goldie Scallop Short Dress for the event. The dress is still available to purchase and retails for $750.  Check out more pictures of Laura and Katie's Capri partying below:  Thank you @zimmermann for the most gorgeous evening imaginable.A post shared by @ lauradern on Jun 27, 2019 at 4:16pm PDT Reuinited and it feels s’good.  @laurabrown99 #capriA post shared by @ lauradern on Jun 27, 2019 at 11:34am PDT About Last Night: For the opening of our new Capri store, we kicked off a weekend celebration with a lovely sunset dinner at Il Riccio. Thank you to our wonderful team for creating a beautiful night and to all our naughty friends for making it so much fun! La dolce vita! x #ZimxCapri #Summer19 #ViaVittoriaEmmanuel30 #🇮🇹🍋A post shared by  ZIMMERMANN (@zimmermann) on Jun 28, 2019 at 1:17am PDT A few days in Capri to celebrate Zimmermann’s new store. Kicking off with dinner by the sea at @ilriccioanacapri 🇮🇹 #zimmermann #zimxcapri #capriA post shared by  NOTED (@notedlosangeles) on Jun 28, 2019 at 4:25am PDTFor more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.subscribe here		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			 Mystery solved.Backless dresses are tricky: Do you free-boob it or let your band show? The latter can ruin a look, but the former isn't easy (or comfortable) for many women to pull off. Avoid both by taking a peek at the styling options, ahead. I put together some ensembles—with tricky necklines and back designs—to try this season and picked the perfect bra to wear with them. From nipple covers to bra strap extensions, these items will support your boobs in that backless dress just fine. Go on and summer with confidence. For small-chested gals like myself, all you need to survive in backless dresses for summer are these $8 reuseable pasties. They work especially well with slip dresses and other fabrics that cling close to your body because they don't leave outlines. They stick to your skin all day too, even when you're perspiring hard, and are easy to clean: Just rinse with water and a gentle soap after each wear. Shop the pieces: 1. Reinhard Plank bucket hats, $215; 2. Rixo midi slip dress, $348; 3. Mango resin hoop earrings, $26; 4. Muqu silicon pasties, $8; 5. Loeffler Randall clutch, $295; 6. Zara blue heels, $100These adhesive cups lift and hold everything in the way tiny pasties cannot. Since the bra doesn't have straps across the front or back, it's perfect for wearing with dresses that have a plunging neckline and backless style. As with most silicone bras, a gentle rinse with water and soap after each use will keep this piece in great shape. Shop the pieces: 1. Zimmermann maxi dress, $1,350; 2. H&M round earrings, $5; 3. Fashion Forms lift bra, $54; 4. Cafune crossbody bag, $450; 5. Steven double strap slides, $119You can easily convert your favorite bra into one suitable for a low back dress with these add-on straps from Aerie. They attach to the ends of your bra hooks, so you can extend the bra band to your desired lower level. Since the bra's shoulder straps will still show, this trick only works nicely if your dress has thick straps too. Shop the pieces: 1. H&M long clip earrings, $15; 2. Mango floral dress, $80; 3. Aerie adjustable strap kit, $16; 4. Mehry Mutote, $650; 5. Chanel mules, $950 If you're seeking a more traditional bra style and fit for your backless dress, try this adhesive option. The bra has underwire for support and side wings to help it feel extra secure. Whether you have a big or small chest, the foam cups will be there to mold to your shape.Shop the pieces: 1. Mejuri zodiac necklace, $79, Mejuri curb necklace, $295, Brinker & Eliza necklace, $168; 2. Reformation snake print dress, $218; 3. Lulus backless strap bra, $21; 4. Furla pouchette bag, $278; 5. Zara buckle sandals, $60This lightweight silicone bra will give you full coverage like your regular t-shirt bras, except it's completely strapless. Unlike some adhesive bras, this one can be worn at least 100 times or more (according to one reviewer) and is guaranteed to still be sticky at the end of the day. You can now dance and shimmy at that wedding without worrying about your bra sliding down. Shop the pieces: 1. Alice & Olivia dress, $595; 2. Nubra, $65; 3. Nordstrom clutch, $79; 4. Aquazzura sandals, $477•••For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Did someone say bucket hat?Everything we know about 2019's must-have trends comes from our deep-dives into the spring, summer, and pre-fall '19 runway collections. You can expect a resurgence of nostalgic favorites, like tie-dye print, and new obsessions like the perfect denim cropped jacket and skirt set. Here, our predictions for the top fashion trends that are already taking over our wardrobes, and where to buy the pieces too. Wear the trend, be the trend.Pantone's color choice for 2019 might be living coral, but butter yellow (as I call it) is a close second in popularity. The hue popped up on the spring '19 runways of Escada (left), Rodarte, and Tibi, meaning the soft shade is everywhere this season. Pick up a yellow dress or two right just in time for summer. You'll want to spend every waking moment in the sun this summer and this dress will help you do that in style. The cotton maxi with its flowing ankle-skimming skirt is perfect for a laidback weekend in the Hamptons or for vacationing in Mexico. If you want your accessories to be playful, you'll definitely need this beaded Susan Alexandra bag. It's a fresh take on your favorite childhood accessory. Take it picnicking or to a backyard wedding.Getting dressed in the mornings should be effortless, which is why I'm thankful for matching sets. Brands like Frame (left) have caught the drift, introducing crop jacket and shorts sets in its pre-fall 2019 collection. Meanwhile, designers like Matthew Adams Dolan and Maryam Nassir Zadeh revamped the pantsuit for spring, replacing long trousers with shorts. Who wants to wear coordinating looks with me?The pain of finding a denim jacket to match your denim skirt is nonexistent thanks to this set by Paige. The brand is offering this set for the season, which includes a jacket and skirt in the color "desert bloom." You can style the two pieces with a crop top and sandals for summer, but when fall arrives, wear them with tights and a long-sleeve tee. This blazer comes with matching shorts (in the next slide) for a put-together summertime outfit at the office. You can layer a bodysuit or tank top underneath and dress it up with kitten heels or down with sandals. This whole outfit also reminds me of the two-piece set Julia Roberts wore in Pretty Woman, which was the definition of chic. Bucket hats will outlive the bygone trends of 2018. They were incorporated into the spring '19 shows of 3.1 Phillip Lim (left) and Michael Kors, which means we haven't seen the last of them. Expect the accessory to come with print floral patterns or in a living coral shade. You'll happily trade your fedoras for the newest kid hat on the block.When luxury fashion houses like Prada make bucket hats, you know they're in again. This piece is crafted from nylon and features the brand's hallmark triangle logo plaque on the side. Though pricey, the hat can be worn with any outfit next season, justifying the cost. Even if you're still warming up to the idea of bucket hats, you can't deny this one can be easily matched to any outfit. It's made from a durable cotton-canvas material and is designed with a perfectly proportioned brim for heads of all sizes.If there's one trend both European and American designers can agree on for next year, it's the return of the vest. Isabel Marant debuted this cool denim version on her spring runway while Anna Sui went for a more boho-inspired print in her collection. Regardless of what style you choose, it's the perfect transitional piece to own as you move through the seasons. Not sure where to start with the vest trend? Go for a simple but edgy denim piece like this one from Stella McCartney. It can be easily layered with a stripe dress or knitted sweater come fall. Already have a denim vest? Go outside of your comfort zone and try something new like this utilitarian vest. The pink hue keeps that feminine touch, but the shape and pockets make it look more rugged and adventurous.  According to Google, one of the top fashion searches in 2018 was for '80s fashion, which makes sense if you were paying attention to the spring '19 runways earlier this year. Our attention has shifted from the '90s to the decade earlier, embracing designs like puff sleeves and waist-cinching wide belts. It's time to peruse your nearest vintage store or mom's closet to dig out those coveted '80s finds. Did someone say party dress? Because this is my pick. The puff sleeves add volume and statement while a wrap bodice and ruching flatter one's midsection. The mini dress length keeps it fun and appropriate for daytime rooftop parties and can easily be taken into the night with heels. Dress up all your summer denim bottoms with this floral top from influencer-turned-designer Arielle Charnas of Something Navy. It's flirty and fun, which makes it perfect to wear for a day out with friends and mimosas. Labels like R13 (left) and John Elliott tapped into their groovy sides and sent tie dye tops, jackets, and pants down the New York Fashion Week spring '19 runways. This nostalgic camp staple won't look like your tattered old tees though. Expect a fresh delivery of stylish pieces from tie-dye denim jackets to sweaters.  Straight from the runways, this R13 blazer is the must-have tie-dye piece of the season. You can wear it with denim shorts like Kaia Gerber did on the runway or throw it over a white summer midi dress. Whatever your choice, the blazer will add a ton of color to your look. This is no ordinary tie-dye slip dress. The dye used to create this look are extracted from isatis root, which is used in traditional Chinese medicine. The all-natural dye is non-toxic, non-allergenic and has no synthetic coloring. You won't find such a unique piece anywhere else. If 2018 focused on BDE and all things macro, 2019 might be the year we downsize, starting with our bags. We can thank French fashion designer Simon Porte Jacquemus for introducing us to his tiny accessories that, while not too practical, force us to confront our bag-lady lifestyles. The next time you're out, leave the extra lipstick or portable charger at home. Bring only the necessities. Jacquemus bags come in new color iterations like this pink croc-embossed pattern for summer. If you're worried about losing it—the accessory is tiny after all—attach the accompanying shoulder strap and wear your purse across the body. The Row's newest tote for the season is made from white linen and vaguely has the shape of my beloved food: dumplings. The slouchy style plus button closure is perfect for those who are looking for something less structural and sculpted. The stain-lined interior fits only the essentials so downsizing starts...now!•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			19 years later, we have an answer!To this day, Carrie Bradshaw remains one of the most iconic fashion personalities in television history. It's hard to forget her pink tutu moment, that closet filled with Manolo Blahniks, and Carrie's Vivienne Westwood wedding gown. Thankfully, Instagram account @everyoutfitonsatc is here to keep the memory of Carrie and the rest of the Sex and the City gals' outfits alive for us. The account, most well-known for its incredible takedown of Carrie's once-boyfriend Aiden, posted on Wednesday about Carrie's mismatched Christian Louboutins—she wore one pink heel and one teal heel—in a scene from season three titled "Escape from New York" (you can watch it here). The post ignited fan speculation about the reasoning behind this look, and then Sarah Jessica Parker herself finally—finally—cleared the air. THE MYSTERY OF THE MISMATCHED LOUBS 🔍 Did Carrie buy these mismatched sandals straight off the rack? Or did she purchase two separate pairs and mix them together herself? Are they a metaphor for her inability to choose between Aidan and Big? Unfortunately, we have no answers. But we do maintain that this is one of her most compelling footwear moments on the series. Miranda, on the other hand, is using fashion to assert her dominance as a New Yorker. The LBD and floating necklace (presumably purchased from the MoMa Design Store) practically scream, “I fucking hate Los Angeles.” Samantha is considerably more comfortable in her new surroundings, which she expresses via a suitably tacky aqua ensemble that evokes Halston by way of Michel Kors. The only missing element from this stellar group look is Charlotte, who was too busy putting putting postage stamps on Trey’s dick. (S3/EP13) #CarrieBradshaw #MirandaHobbes #SamanthaJones #ChristianLouboutin #Asymmetry #GOATA post shared by  Every Outfit on Sex & the City (@everyoutfitonsatc) on Jun 25, 2019 at 1:20pm PDTSJP wrote: "Here is the official answer and I'm sure approved by the great and legendary @patriciafield. We had 2 pairs of what I believe are @louboutinworld scrappy sandals. Pat and I chose to do 1 of each. Perhaps because both were so delicious in color and seemed in harmony with the dress..."   The shoe God has spoken and the mystery of Carrie’s mismatched sandals is officially SOLVED! Thank you @sarahjessicaparker 💗💙A post shared by  Every Outfit on Sex & the City (@everyoutfitonsatc) on Jun 26, 2019 at 12:14pm PDTIt took 19 years for this mismatched shoe mystery to be solved, but thank you, SJP, for setting the record straight. We're definitely satisfied with the answer, and now we're in the mood to shop some Christian Louboutins. You've inspired us.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Grab a face mask and wine, you're staying in tonight.Pretty lingerie is often mentioned in tandem with Valentine's Day or date night, but we believe you don't need an excuse to treat yourself to something sexy. If you feel like buying that two-piece silk satin lace set for $200, do it. No judgment. Putting on some sexy lingerie and pouring yourself a glass of red wine is the perfect way to destress from a long workday and indulge in some self-care. Since we're all about just that, we found the best lingerie pieces on the market right now.If you like to hang out in your bra and underwear, kick it up a notch with this silk blend charmeuse top and matching pajama shorts set. It has no underwires or hardware that dig into your skin and comes with slim, adjustable straps for maximum comfort. I will gladly spend Friday night indoors just to lounge in this two piece.What's the secret sauce to being Rihanna? It starts with dressing like her. This polka-dot bustier from her Savage x Fenty line sucks you in and lifts your boobs in all the right places. Make sure to get the full look—you can also buy matching undies and garter straps. When it's all over, shrug off your wedding gown and straight into this silky lace number. The lace highlights the chest and sides for a sweet and sexy look. Finish setting the mood with some champagne and strawberries. This bondage bra (you can get the matching underwear here) definitely leaves little to the imagination. The bands are made of smooth silk for a comfortable fit and a front clasp closure makes this piece easy to put on...or take off. The figure-sculpting panels on this bustier will keep your SO's eyes on you all night long. The corset is made from super fine tulle and floral lace for that light and airy touch. If your happy place is running through a field of flowers, this sweet bralette is for you. It's lightweight, whimsical, and romantic. It's too pretty to wear just at night, so let it peek out from under your sheer tops or backless dresses during the day.You can be comfortable, covered, but still sexy in this gorgeous pale pink set. The camisole can be worn with the matching shorts or paired with jeans and a blazer for a daytime outfit. It's made from a silk-blend satin, so it drapes languidly over your frame in an effortless sort of way. Brides who want to set the mood will love this alluring and romantic lace chemise. The partially sheer body is strategically covered with florals while thin spaghetti straps give a delicate and sweet vibe to the overall piece. This bodysuit is all straps with some floral appliqué, so get ready to bare it all. It's for the gal who likes to tan in the nude and wants to spice up her bedroom routine. Wear with 100 percent confidence. I believe in you.  For a slightly different variation from all the lace and satin nightgowns out there, try this asymmetrical cut. It shows just enough while covering the rest, so you can definitely wear this without feeling totally exposed. Just when you think a bra can't be that interesting or crafted in a different manner, take a peek at the gold bar holding this stretch paisley lace bra together. It's irresistible. Despite the delicate design, it'll hold up even with rough play. Pamper yourself on a weeknight by slipping on this luxuriously silky Chantilly lace nightgown. Other things you'll need to complete your self-care ritual: a face mask, some tea, and a good book. •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I would like to be buried in this, thanks.In our biweekly series, editors share "the item they wear to death," whether it be a basic white tee or a super-trendy jumpsuit. Prepare yourself (and your credit card) for some guilt-free shopping.There are a few pieces in my closet that I refuse to retire with the change of seasons because I can wear them year-round. While I stow away my black jeans during summer and open-toe sandals from December through March, my slip dresses, on the other hand, always remain on hangers. I can't exactly pinpoint when my love for this '90s style began—though this effortlessly chic Gigi Hadid look probably played a part—but I can tell you the exact dress that started it all. I was window shopping one day in SoHo, not thinking I would find anything good, when I wandered into Aritzia. I was absentmindedly browsing when my hands brushed by the softest, silkiest dress. I pulled the hanger from the racks and out popped this gorgeous metallic brown spaghetti strap slip dress. I was intrigued, and brought that, along with a bunch of other items, with me to the fitting room. The slip was the first thing I tried on and I immediately loved it. The midi style was so soft and surprisingly lightweight (the material is a little thicker than some other slips). The neutral color looked great with my skin tone and, best of all, I could wear it with or without a strapless bra. (In the summer, I prefer pasties like these, whose outlines don't show underneath the dress.) I headed straight for the checkout line with the dress in hand. I don't remember what else I bought that day.The Aritzia number provided that effortless summertime look I wanted, and I felt certain it would be layer-able as fall weather approached too. I had seen the street style crowd layer tees, turtlenecks, and other tops underneath slip dresses, so I had made a mental note to try that look. Though it turned out the tee wasn't really my vibe—I felt like a little kid—the turtleneck came in handy for that November chill: My black turtleneck top from Splendid paired perfectly underneath the slip and didn't leave any weird outlines (outlines, wrinkles, and lint on my clothes are my biggest pet peeves!). And unlike minidresses, I can wear the midi slip sans tights (I'm not a fan of those either) with a pair of ankle boots for those cooler autumn days. Since my discovery of this Aritzia dress, my slip collection has expanded to more than 10 pieces, though the original still gets the most wear and compliments. Some of my other favorite slips are this one (also from Aritzia) and a paper-thin floral dress from Silk Laundry. I feel like I should also proudly add that slip dresses are prone to the slightest stains and spills, but I have miraculously managed to keep my metallic one free from any damage. I even, hesitantly, brought it on vacationback in February and wore it on the beach. (I had a vision of myself in this breezy slip, staring out at the water while watching the sunset.) ☁️☁️☁️A post shared by @ marinaa2214 on Feb 3, 2019 at 3:29pm PSTThis slip has become one of my most treasured pieces  and has survived all four seasons. I couldn't ask for anything more...except for it to come back in stock so I can buy it again.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Choosing sunglasses you won't get sick of—but aren't bored by—can seem like a daunting shopping mission. Rest assured, though, that there are a handful of shapes that consistently feel on-trend, making them a stylishly safe bet.If you're looking to invest in one well-made pair of sunnies this year, look no further than the four categories below. Each is a trusted classic, a fact confirmed by decades' worth of popularity, that you'll be sure to wear on repeat. Kate Spade New York Dalia 2 Sunglasses SHOP IT NOWFrom the cockpit to the red carpet, aviators are the most versatile shape around, making them suitable for any occasion. Buy with the confidence that they can be styled with even the most basic of outfits (we're talking whatever you pull on for Saturday morning yoga).  When shopping, seek out styles with a twist. Tortoiseshell arms and subtle metallic accents are different without being too dramatic. Kate Spade New York Joshelle SunglassesSHOP IT NOWKate Spade New York Karina SunglassesSHOP IT NOWThe flirty, spunky, upward angled shape of the cat-eye—a look associated with 1950s style—hasn't lost any of its glamour. Its classic appeal, though, means it's not  so over-the-top that wearing them with casual clothes feels off.Today's take features larger, rounder lenses and a gentler winging out of the frames. Both provide a modern touch to this retro style, keeping them from feeling too costume-y. Kate Spade New York Jabrea Sunglasses SHOP IT NOWKate Spade New York Karrie SunglassesSHOP IT NOW Even if simplistic by nature, circles still don't make for boring frames. Play up the vintage vibe by pairing with wide-leg pants and ribbed tees, or let them be the accessory of your look by wearing with a basic sundress.Scalloped edges give this throwback frame a fun feel, and the amber color creates a striking contrast against the black lenses. Kate Spade New York Akayla SunglassesSHOP IT NOWKate Spade New York Mackenna Sunglasses SHOP IT NOW The vintage vibe of oversized geometric shades makes this pair a must for anyone shopping for a bold look that doesn't risk feeling dated. Wear them with breezy summer dresses and little white anything (the shape's also perfect for pairing with a wide-brim sun hat).Another smart benefit to the large lens? Beyond packing a stylish punch, the extra inches are ideal for protecting the delicate skin around your eyes. Win, win. Kate Spade New York Kiyah SunglassesSHOP IT NOW		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			 Warning: You're going to want every one.Summer is the best time to show off new jewelry, and I'm not just saying this because I'm a Leo with a birthday coming up and a long wishlist. Since I am officially freed of heavy parkas and puffy coats, I am ready to wear all the resin and gold necklaces, earrings, anklets, etc that shine and sparkle in the sun. From pearly rings to loud hoops that serve up major camp vibes this summer, here are the pieces of jewelry I have on my must-buy list. (Mom, I hope you're reading this.)Behold, that mildly eccentric piece of jewelry you wanted to find when you were traveling but didn't. Inevitably a compliment magnet, you can truthfully tell admirers that this shell-shaped gem hails from a colorful little studio in Paris. The coral resin pearl in the center is also très bien for warm-weather vibes.I thought I was over the pearly white moon when I came across this beauty from New Zealand-based brand Meadowlark. Dainty yet sculptural, the Clio ring will complement everything while never feeling boring. Also it's safe to wear in the water, so keep it on all day.Shells and crystals are having a major moment this summer, so get a pair of drop earrings that plays on both trends. These earrings, designed in New York and handmade by female artisans in southeast Asia, will work with laid-back beach ensembles and all of your favorite maxi dresses.I have big plans on getting these gold hoops with freshwater pearls as a birthday treat for myself. They're the perfect size for the office, date nights, summer weddings, and beyond. For this season, there's no such thing as too many pearls.For the refined flower child, this gold vermeil daisy ring is the rare statement piece that speaks to free-spirits and fashion girls alike. Made in Barcelona, the ring's a gem well suited for sunshine days.You love Susan Alexandra's iconic beaded bags, so be prepared to fall head-over-heels for her beaded cherry earrings. It'll bring a pop of color (absolutely zero pun intended) to your casual summertime outfits. Lucite, which has the properties of plastic and glass, is a very popular type of material for the season. Lean into this clear trend with a playful bangle set like this one from Alison Lou. The three neon pieces can be mixed and matched for the ultimate arm candy stack.Colorful pieces don't always have to be over the top, as demonstrated by this dainty bar necklace from designer Zahava Ryzman of SLDA. Everything in the new collection is priced at under $500, so I highly recommend perusing through it if you're searching for a gift for your mother or for yourself.The color of these resin hoops practically exudes serenity and good vibes. Pair these mood makers with a white sundress or a floral bikini to pull off that dreamy I'm-hanging-by-the-pool-all-summer vibe.Layering necklaces can be a difficult and costly look to pull off. Luckily, H&M has this already arranged set of gold-colored necklaces to make the layering game foolproof.  The beaded choker and coin necklace also play directly into the coin trend we've seen this season.In middle school I had a beloved anklet that, sadly, got lost in the ocean when my lathered-in-SPF-100 younger self went boogie boarding with family friends. Eleven years later, I have managed to find something similar from Ancient Greek Sandals. With its embellished shells and light tan band, the anklet will add a splash of seaside warmth to my ankles.Mismatched jewelry is a trend that will never completely go away. If you're looking for glittery, statement jewelry, pick up this pair of crystal drop earrings from Roxanne Assoulin. It doesn't look super big when on, but definitely packs a punch with the colors. If you want to add some colorful pizazz to your wardrobe this summer, but aren't sure where to start, this colorful set of hoops from BaubleBar is a good jumping off point. Mix and match these shapes as you please and if you have double ear piercings, try out different combinations together for an eclectic look.Chunky chains are another hot trend right now. Revive the '80s with a gold vermeil bracelet like this one from Missoma and if you're so inclined, layer on three or four more bracelets. This one serves as the perfect base for more extravagant pieces.Not for the faint of heart, this oversized necklace is a translucent neon yellow number made from marbled resin. Rock this with a crisp white button-up shirt or little black dress for a look that commands attention. This faux pearl and turquoise beaded disc anklet is a smart choice for trips to the beach and pool, as it won't be ruined by water. The shapes of the beads will feel relaxing and soothing on your skin too.I'm a sucker for minimalistic jewelry that's also sustainable. This necklace from Melissa Joy Manning is made from recycled 14-karat gold and strung with a cool turquoise nugget. Needless to say, I am in love and my debit card is running for the hills. Wear yours alone or with similar styles from the brand.In the spirit of this year's Met Gala theme, this gold plated and silver number is shaped like everyone's favorite childhood candy: the ring pop. It's the kind of ring you'd wear when you're in a playful mood. Fans of the brand include Lady Gaga and Kanye West, who are two of the campiest stars around.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Check out the back. Over the weekend, everyone took advantage of the beautiful weather in New York City. They broke out their summer dresses, denim shorts, and crop tops for the 80-something degree temperatures. Katie Holmes, who currently resides in the Big Apple, was one of the New Yorkers who enjoyed the sunshine: She was spotted walking around on the the Upper West Side. The star, who was with a friend, wore a pair of wide-leg overalls with braided sandals as she carried some grocery bags. The retro denim overalls with a built-in belt looked great on her tall frame, and Homes even skipped wearing a shirt underneath to expose her back. Given how hot it was outside, the backless look was perfect for the day and it was a tad bit sexy too. She completed the look with a pair of tortoiseshell Celine sunglasses and a Chanel red cross-body bag. Since I'm slightly obsessed with Holmes' style, I tracked down her exact pair of overalls, which are from Ulla Johnson and on sale, just to add to my wishlist. The exact overalls: If you're into them, I suggest you select one in your size and add ’em to your cart. Then, wear them 24/7 this summer because these denim overalls are a solid A+ look for the season.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The band looks entirely different now.  Earlier this month, the Duchess of Sussex made her first public appearance following the arrival of her son Archie at Trooping the Colour. Naturally, all eyes were on Meghan at the Queen's annual birthday parade, and royal watchers swiftly noticed a stunning new ring on her finger: a diamond eternity band, which was likely a present from her husband Prince Harry in honor of either the birth of their first child or their one-year wedding anniversary. But in all the excitement over Meghan's new gift, another significant jewelry story was overlooked: Meghan appears to have redesigned her three-stone engagement ring. In photos from Trooping the Colour, the ring looks like it has been reset, and now features a thin micro-pavé band, as opposed to the original solid yellow gold one. It's difficult to tell  if the diamonds were altered as well.  See a comparison of the two rings here:It's unclear when these changes to the ring were made, as Meghan opted not to wear her engagement band during the final months of her pregnancy, possibly because her fingers had swelled. (There's also a small chance that this is an entirely new ring, designed for Meghan to wear as her body transitions after pregnancy.)A second look at pictures from baby Archie's first photo call reveals that she was wearing the new design then as well.Meghan is known to favor dainty jewelry, and perhaps the redesign stemmed from a desire to have a cohesive set of three rings: her engagement ring, her simple Welsh gold wedding band, and her new eternity ring. The eternity band was reportedly crafted by the Queen's personal jeweler Harry Collins, but it's unclear if he also made the changes to her engagement ring. Prince Harry originally worked with jewelers Cleave and Company to custom design Meghan's ring using one diamond originally from Botswana and two smaller stones from Pricness Diana's collection. "The ring is obviously yellow gold because that's [Markle's] favorite and the main stone itself I sourced from Botswana and the little diamonds either side are from my mother's jewelry collection, to make sure that she's with us on this crazy journey together," Harry said during the couple's first sit-down interview with the BBC, shortly after they announced their engagement.Meghan was clearly touched by how Harry incorporated his mother's legacy into the ring.  "Everything about Harry’s thoughtfulness and the inclusion of [Princess Diana’s stones] and obviously not being able to meet his mom, it’s so important to me to know that she’s a part of this with us," Meghan said. From: Town & Country US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It'll call you an Uber, too.It was only a matter of time before someone invented a smart handbag. Today, Tracey Hummel officially debuted her luxury handbag label Bee & Kin, fusing two seemingly different worlds—fashion and tech—together. Her bags (there are five distinct styles along with tiny pouches) are all equipped with two unique buttons: a built-in flashlight and a button that connects to your phone. It's the second that's pretty genius. Via your phone's bluetooth, the bag's smart button connects to an app called Flic, which you use to program all the various functions you want your button to be able to execute, like ordering an Uber or sending a text message. It can also make your phone ring, which means you can now get away from that bad date without begging your bestie to call you with a fake emergency halfway through. The luxury bags range from $500 to $725 and, while they are driven by tech, they still feel feminine and wearable to fashion lovers. Growing up, Hummel always had one foot in tech (her dad worked in the space and she studied a mix of entrepreneurship and computer information systems in college) and one foot in fashion, specifically production and design. Prior to launching her own brand, she worked at Tory Burch as a production assistant. "Ever since I was a little girl [designing my own handbags] was what I wanted to do," Hummels says. "After college, I went into the fashion/corporate world to get a better understanding of how everything worked in order to eventually bring my brand, Bee & Kin, to life." In fact, two of the bags in her line, the sidekick and hero tote, were the very first designs she sketched back in high school. "It's so exciting to have those come to life after many years," she shares. Having let those ideas simmer for so long, it's clear everything Hummel does is intentional, not accidental—from the bag's smart buttons to its structural design and spandex lining (to protect your gear) to even the brand's name: Her last name, Hummel, when translated from German, means bumblebee. All the accessories feature a hexagon shape—a honeycomb, if you will. "This is all pretty much a nod to my heritage and upbringing," she says. "The honeycomb is a reminder of my family's hardworking background."Hummel wanted to include a light in the bag from the start. "I was going to and from work and constantly looking in my bag for a metrocard," she recalls. "I would dig for 10 minutes and people are like, 'Are you good?' I’m like, "I’m great, just looking for something in my bag," she laughs. From there, the brand wanted to show the breadth of fashion and function by incorporating the shortcuts. Hummel says they're even currently working on some prototypes that integrate a sleek, luxurious wireless phone charger into the bag.But does it work? I had the opportunity to test out one of Hummel's Bee & Kin bags before the launch to see exactly how helpful the smart button was in my everyday life. I chose the expert tote in black since it seemed the best for work. After downloading the Flic app—which was free and easy to install, plus intuitive to use—I added the functions I wanted my tote bag's smart button to do. There were many dozens functions to choose from, which were broken up into categories including fitness, phone control, media, and games.  Two quick FYIs: I discovered your bluetooth has to be on at all times, so the bag's smart button can be connected to your Flic app. Some features, like share your location, cost Flic credits (which you pay for) because it uses a third-party SMS service—a slight bummer. Still, several of the functions were free and quite useful; other's not as much. I am always misplacing my phone, so this was one feature I was eager to try. When I'm in a hurry to leave the house and don't know where my phone is, I go to my bag, press the smart button and wait for a sound to go off (it sounds like an alarm). The noise makes it super easy to locate your phone. This feature can double as your "escape a bad date" false ringtone. (On Android devices, there's actually an escape a bad date function in the Flic app, which you can pair to your bag's smart button. That feature is coming for iPhones.) This is helpful when you're in a car or doing something that requires your undivided attention. You can easily reach into your bag and double tap the button to hang up incoming calls without ever picking up your phone.The Uber function was finicky for me—after a week, it still won't connect to my app—but I like the idea of being able to call a car by clicking a button in my tote bag. The brand is currently working with Flic to improve user function. FYI: You have to preset your pick-up and drop-off location in the Flic app first.As long as you have your camera app open in the background of your iPhone, you can hold the bag's smart button down and it'll automatically snap a photo for you. Though this was not a feature I used regularly, I could see it being useful if you're trying to take a group photo or something.  For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Summer is finally here, and what better way to kick off the season than with a shopping spree? Fortunately, Net-a-Porter's 24-hour flash sale came just in time. For one day only, the retailer is offering 20 percent off a selection of clothes, jewelry, shoes, and beachwear. All you need to do is enter the promo code "JUNE21" at checkout. Whether you're looking for pieces from luxury brands like Chloé and Saint Laurent or cool-girl essentials from GANNI, LoveShackFancy, and STAUD, there's bound to be something that piques your interest. Since you only have until tonight to shop, it can feel overwhelming trying to scroll through hundreds of pages with so little time. And since you don't want to spend your entire Summer Friday scouring the sale, we're sharing a few of our faves to add to your cart ASAP. Shop the best summer pieces from Net-a-Porter's flash sale, below.  Ulla Johnson's sweet ruffles and signature prints have "summer" written all over them. Protecting yourself from the sun has never looked so good. Lisa Marie Fernandez's dress can double as a super chic beach cover up. Good news! You can bring LoveShackFancy's ethereal aesthetic to the beach or to dinner underneath a pair of jeans. Cult Gaia's sandals will add an artful touch to any outfit. Cool-girl brand GANNI brings an effortlessly chic energy to all of its clothes—including this gingham frock. Found: The perfect printed dress for your slew of summer weddings. Manebi's elevated espadrilles will transition nicely from the office to your time spent #OOO.A stylish alternative to your jorts, thanks to IRO. If you want to make a strictly practical purchase, stock up on some wardrobe staples like James Perse's oh-so-soft tees.The bucket bag = a summer bucket list essential. Tibi reimagines the LBD with a light, breezy midi dress that includes thoughtful, faux leather details. This is the only thing we want to wear on our beach vacation.For the ultimate laid-back look, pair this statement top with some denim cut-offs or white jeans. Trust us, you're going to get a lot of mileage out of HVN's easy sundress.Between the daisy print and adorable tie detailing along the straps, VerdeLimón's swimsuit proves that swimwear can be just as fashionable as it is functional. •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.subscribe here		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			We'll let you guys decide which one is best.When you're a multi-hyphenate star, you not only sing/act/dance, you also design. Nowadays, building a brand is all about starting your own clothing line—usually named after yourself or someone in the fam—and adding that coveted "fashion designer" title to your C.V. While some business ventures are as easy as 1-2-slap-a-label-on-it-3, others are more refined and elevated. Ahead are 40 celebrities who started their own clothing line, including some who may come as a surprise. (Whoopi Goldberg?) In the end, we'll let you be the judge on which ones are worthy of your hard-earned cash. In February 2015, West debuted this clothing line Yeezy Season 1 with Adidas to rave reviews. For follow up collections, he even made it on to the New York Fashion Week schedule, though not without some drama, showing a mix of neutral-colored streetwear and footwear. His biggest fan? His wife Kim Kardashian, of course, who never hesitates to rock the clothes.On top of acting and running her own production company, Witherspoon launched a fashion line, Draper James, named after her grandparents. The RTW line is full of Southern belle–inspired pieces like floral dresses and flouncy skirts with prices ranging from $50 to $400. Her adorable family is always on hand to help her celebrate new launches.Drake started his fashion line OVO (it stands for October's Very Own and is a nod to his birth month) in 2008 with his friend Oliver El-Khatib. The hip-hop-inspired luxury streetwear line is marked by a trademark owl logo and has vibes similar to that of Supreme and A Bathing Ape. The twins run not one, but two fashion brands: The Row and Elizabeth and James. The latter entered a licensing deal with Kohl's in April 2019, while the Olsen sisters still retain full control of The Row, which is on the fashion week circuit. Both brands are known for their elevated, sleek approach to dressing. The mother of all things Goop, Paltrow not only added skincare products to the brand, but also an apparel collection called Goop Label. All the pieces are easy to wear and to layer with, making them the perfect basics for your closet.The singer launched her activewear clothing line in 2016 with Topshop, but due to accusations of sexual harassment and racial abuse at the company, Beyoncé effectively took back Ivy Park and is relaunching the line with Adidas. The new pieces will include shoes, performance gear, and lifestyle apparel. From reality TV star to designer, Conrad launched her clothing line, LC Lauren Conrad, exclusively at Kohl’s in 2009. The line has been going strong ever since, offering consumers feminine pieces at affordable price points. If you want to get LC's style, you can for as little as $37.Swimsuits are like a second skin for Emrata, so it's no surprise she decided to launch Inamorata back in 2017. The swimwear line eventually came to encompass bodysuits and lingerie-type one-pieces, as well, all sultry pieces Ratajkowski herself promotes on her Instagram.Williams launched her eponymous fashion label Serena in 2018, and the line includes everything from jackets and dresses to lounge pants and bags. The tennis star talked about her journey to becoming a fashion designer on her Instagram as proof that you should never stop going after what you want, even if people tell you no. Like her sister, Venus Williams has her own clothing line, specifically, an activewear label called EleVen by Venus Williams. It is marked by the type of sporty pieces you can either wear to work out or wear while lounging on the weekends. Yes, the Whoopi has a fashion line! She launched DUBGEE in 2019 with the mission that, "DUBGEE has no race, creed, age or size. It's meant to make you feel good about how you look and feel." You can currently purchase pieces from her line from retailers like Neiman Marcus and Amazon. Getting the singer's style is easy thanks to the line since she launched with Fashion Nova in 2018. The following year, her second release with the retailer broke sales records, making the company $1 million on the first day. It's safe to say Cardi will be part of the Fashion Nova family for a long time. The singer launched her fitness lifestyle line, CALIA by Carrie Underwood, exclusively at Dick's Sporting Goods in 2017. The affordable line has everything you could possibly want for working out from swim to sport.  As an iconic host of red carpet events, Ryan Seacrest knows firsthand how to look your best. The star started his own menswear line called Ryan Seacrest Distinction in 2014 at Macy's and has continued to build his business empire. If Seacrest is on the carpet, you can count on him wearing his own tailored, spiffy suits.The star initially launched her namesake line in collaboration with Nine West co-founder Vince Camuto. Thanks to the success of the collab, Simpson added on, and the brand stretched across 22 different licenses. Her clothing line can be found at department stores like Lord & Taylor, Macy's, and Dillard's.In 2015, Fallon announced he partnered with G-III Apparel Corp. to produce Hands High, a clothing line that sells sports logo apparel. Now you can rep your favorite teams like Miami Hurricanes or Stanford Cardinal in style.The actress launched her vegan RTW and footwear line Hiraeth with BFF Sara Schloat in 2018. The Welsh word Hiraeth translates to homesickness, or a "longing for a home you can’t return to, or a home that never was." What to expect: moody pieces made completely free of leather, wool, silk, and cashmere.  The actress really is a jack of all trades: She has a perfume, a wine, and a fashion and accessories line called Dear Drew with Amazon. Pieces range from $28 to $248, so there's something for everyone.  The comedian and talk-show host launched her lifestyle brand ED by Ellen in 2015 and followed up in 2018 with a clothing, shoes, and accessories line with Walmart: EV1 from Ellen DeGeneres. Everything in the line comes in at less than $30. Like Lauren Conrad, Lopez inked a deal with Kohl's to create her own line. The clothing line encompasses a variety of dresses, tops, and skirts close to the singer's own style so you can get her look without spending millions. There's no doubt Pharrell Williams is one of the best dressed producers and artists in the business. Hence, all his fashion ventures. He has a clothing line called Billionaire Boys Club, an Ice Cream fashion line, and has partnered with the likes of Adidas on his own colorful sneaker collection. The singer is vocal about her mental and physical health, so it wasn't a surprise when she partnered with Fabletics to launch her own fitness clothing line. The capsule collection is fun, wearable, and can easily work for all activities from running to yoga.Selena Gomez added clothing designer to her résumé after working on a ready-to-wear collection for Coach. The collection features slip dresses, knit cardigans, and whimsical bags. Here's hoping she comes out with more pieces for the next few seasons. Arguably the most successful celebrity to break into the luxury fashion world as a designer is Victoria Beckham. The star often rocks her own designs in public and hosts a fashion show every season. You can find her polished pieces at luxury retailers like Net-a-Porter, Mytheresa, and Farfetch, as well as her own website. When your parents are Will and Jada Pinkett Smith, the world is your oyster. At just 20 years old, Jaden Smith has his own gender-neutral fashion label called MSFTSrep (pronounced misfits), telling Teen Vogue, "I took the 'I' out of 'misfits' because we're a team and there is no 'I' in team. It's a place for the lost kids and everyone to go, and something for them to have."The singer and Trace Ayala founded clothing line William Rast in 2006, focusing on premium jeans. The label later evolved to encompass jackets and tops for both men and women. If you're looking for west coast vibes/casual clothing, you may fall in love with Timberlake's brand.The stylist turned designer launched her fashion line back in 2010 and it includes clothing, shoes, and accessories. Her stylish array of blazers, trousers, and dresses can be found at places like Net-a-Porter and Shopbop. On top of that, Zoe also designs boho-inspired bridal looks.Following in the footsteps of the Kardashians, it seems Jordyn Woods has expanded her business-savvy skills from beauty to fashion. One of her ventures was starting her own fashion label Secndnture (pronounced second nature), which she launched in 2018. The activewear label is size-inclusive and ranges from $45 to $79. When you have really, really great style, it makes sense to start your own fashion label. That's exactly what It girl Alexa Chung did. The street style guru has her own eponymous line that offers fans a taste of her effortless-but-put-together British style. I'll take one of everything, please. Richie is the brains behind her free-spirited clothing line House of Harlow 1960, which is sold on Revolve. "Everything is super easy to wear and extremely comfortable," she said in an interview with InStyle. In addition to clothing, she also designs the coolest jewelry pieces, which will dress up any outfit. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Stylish summer pieces are up to 70 percent off! Is it just us, or is there something insanely gratifying about tag sales? After hours sifting through dozens (or hundreds!) of pieces, you walk away with something (or things!) you really love at a fair, affordable price.Well, Anthropologie's summer tag sale offers that same satisfaction—only you don't have to leave your house. Right now, the site is offering steep discounts on everything from clothes, to shoes, to cosmetics, to furniture. And it's... Anthropologie. The store makes it insanely easy to add a colorful, bohemian flair to every facet of our lives. And thanks to its new plus size line, the store is chicer and more inclusive than ever before. But while Anthropologie is undeniably stylish, some of its inventory is a little pricey, which is why this particular sale is even more exciting. While discounts will vary by product, some items are on offer for 70 percent off the original asking price. The catch? This sale will only continue while supplies last, so start shopping ASAP. Before you browse through all 1,500+ listings, peruse our favorite finds below. (I'm personally eye-ing that Maeve button dress for my upcoming beach vacation). For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter. subscribe here		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			They're stylish and sustainable. The first step to creating a more sustainable society is supporting fashion labels that are committed to providing those very eco-conscious products every day. A great place to start is with vegan leather, a.k.a. faux leather, bags that look sophisticated and stylish—all while remaining safe, cruelty-free, and high-quality—for work, the weekend, and, of course, the 'gram. Shop our favorites, below. I can't say enough great things about Angela Roi. The NYC–based luxury handbag brand prioritizes ethical sourcing and attention to detail. Every time I wear the Grace mini crossbody, shown here, or the Hamilton crossbody I get so many compliments—for the color and the quality. Upgrade your commuter tote with Street Level's reversible bag and matching wristlet. Come for the soft exterior, stay for the extra roomy interior that can fit your laptop and a pair of gym clothes.Give your shoulders a break with this yellow Urban Originals backpack. Or, turn it into a crossbody by clipping the straps on the front rings.Nanushka's nude envelope shoulder bag made out of vegan crocodile skin is the perfect companion for that wedding you have coming up. Get back to the basics with Modaluxe's sleek leather backpack, also available in blush, that's lined with a pretty paisley pattern and equipped with plenty of pockets to store all of those...receipts.Everybody should own at least one mini circle bag—especially when it comes in this gorgeous pistachio color from vegan fashion brand Matt & Nat. It doesn't look too shabby on the grid either!Stella McCartney is one of the only luxury fashion brands that chose not to use real leather, skin, fur, or feathers from the start. This shimmery tote is casual enough for the office and just fancy enough for drinks straight after work.Sole Society's oversized weekender will come in handy when you're heading out east for a few days. It's available in taupe, brown, burgundy, and black. Summer called, and it wants you to wear this vegan pebbled leather tote all season long. The best part? It has an exterior pocket to stash your phone, keys, credit card, and ID when you don't want to rummage through your bag.In case you haven't heard, fanny packs aren't just for mom anymore. Step up your belt bag game with this super affordable vegan leather ASOS pick, then call your mom and apologize for making fun of her all those years.  •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Can it live up to the hype of 1,600 five-star reviews?If you’ve ever shopped for form-fitting swimsuits, you know they can get expensive: Bathing suits with built-in shapewear can easily cost you well over $100. So when the Good Housekeeping Institute Textiles Lab saw this Amazon best-seller by Tempt Me that’s just $28, they couldn’t wait to put it to the test.The Good Housekeeping Institute was happy to report that this Tempt Me style definitely lives up to its hype. That’s not surprising, considering it already has over 1,600 five-star reviews on Amazon, but beyond consumer reviews, Good Housekeeping Institute's panel of testers and Lab experts were just as wowed by it in evaluations. In fact, one tester compared it to the magical jeans in The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants: it fits everyone perfectly.To test the swimsuit, 10 women of varying sizes, body types, ages, and style preferences tried the suit out. The Good Housekeeping Institute also wash-tested it in the Lab to check for signs of wear and colorfastness to see if this super-affordable suit can last longer than just a few wears. Here’s why this swimsuit will be the best purchase you make for yourself this summer. Every single tester rated it flattering in the test. One even commented that the smoothing mesh panels in the back prevented spillage that normally creates "back fat" in other swimsuits.The bathing suit comes in sizes XS-XL for sizes 0 through 16, as well as extended sizes 14 Plus through 20 Plus.  It’s also available in 16 different colors and for the excellent value, it's worth it to buy multiple.The suit has removable cups that most women loved, especially nursing (and formerly nursing) moms who felt like they needed something extra in the bust. As an added bonus, the cups also gave a great shape. On top that that, the clasp in the back offered additional support so testers didn’t have to worry about popping out of low-cut suits or flimsy tops.Though many testers at first said the suit was not a style they would have normally chosen, they couldn’t stop raving about it after they wore it. The panel loved the attention to detail, specifically calling out the high neckline, mesh V-neck, and knot detail in the front. It shows skin, but in a tasteful way that testers ranging from 20s through 50s all said felt age-appropriate.  You read that right—this swimsuit actually feels good on. The entire panel gave it high scores when the Institute asked them to rate the comfort. They especially loved the smoothness of the nylon/spandex fabric. Plus, it gets rid of pesky straps that fall down or dig into you: one tester commented "I really liked the high neckline and the clasp in the back. I felt comfortable knowing I was all tucked in."No special care needed: you can clean this bathing suit right in the washing machine. After the Good Housekeeping Institute washed it five times in the Lab, there were still no signs of wear. Plus, they tested the colofastness, and the dye didn't bleed at all onto other fabrics like cotton, nylon, polyester in the wash. That means you can safely mix it with other garments in the laundry, and the vibrancy of the suit won't fade from repeated washing.  For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Clairenewsletter.subscribe hereFrom: Good Housekeeping US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Bye-bye, tote bag.When you're lugging your laptop from home to work and back again all the time, it takes its toll on your shoulders. Especially if all the weight is on one side (science has verified this). Well, what do I do about it? Funny you should ask. Unlike tote bags or single-strap purses, backpacks can help distribute the weight more evenly on your shoulders and lessen any muscle pains you might have gotten from toting around your 15-inch laptop, workout sneakers, and that bottle of wine you bought on the way home. I found tons of sleek, sophisticated backpacks that I'd happily trade my work tote in for. Give your right shoulder a break with these functional and cute backpack options. Who says backpacks can't be sleek? This 100 percent saffiano leather option from The Daily Edited is super smooth and structured for an elegant touch. As with most pieces from the brand, you can get this backpack monogrammed for that special touch. This bag can fit a 13-inch MacBook and an A4 notebook, and more. You'll want to break out this waterproof backpack when it rains or snows—this accessory can handle anything Mother Nature throws at it. It can fit most 15-inch laptops, and a generous front pocket allows you to stick pens, gum, snacks, and other miscellaneous objects in there with ease. Rustic souls will love the coloring on this Longchamp backpack, which comes with two accessible front pockets and adjustable straps. If you're not into this shade for the office, it comes in other wearable colors, like midnight blue and brown. Designed for busy working women, this artisan, hand-crafted backpack is even more functional than it looks. An extra strap in the back allows you to easily slide it over your suitcase handle bars; you can attach a rolled-up yoga mat to the bottom of your backpack; and the side compartments are big enough to hold a change of shoes. I'm not done: You can also stick a 15-inch laptop in there along with other things. Magical? Yes. This sturdy canvas backpack is the perfect fit for anyone who works in a casual office environment. It's a no-frills piece for those looking to channel the outdoors and summertime vibes during their 9-to-5. The backpack will transition easily into the weekends too for picnics and the beach.  This plush, quilted nylon backpack from MZ Wallace is polished, sophisticated, and versatile for day or night use. The backpack comes with a removable pouch for smaller essentials and two interior cell phone pockets—one for your work phone and one for your personal. This backpack does it all. It can be your trusty go-to office bag, a cute diaper bag, according to reviews, and/or a travel backpack. The item is lightweight and easy to clean, making it perfect for those who keep accumulating random things in their bags. The backpack comes in three colors, though the pink one is definitely my pick for summer.Cuyana took its coveted backpack and created a larger version of it. This one can hold even more of your work essentials, from your laptop to gym sneakers and even lunch. Yet the bag still maintains a pretty and feminine aesthetic for anyone who wants to look stylish on the go. (Take away the handle strap if you want a cleaner feel.)This faux leather backpack will pair well with all your professional outfits, thanks to the neutral color and boxy shape. It comes in five colors and has a separate laptop compartment (can hold up to a 15-inch laptop) that keeps your tech protected while providing quick access to anything you need. This Everlane backpack is amazing because it folds up and fits into a tiny pouch when not in use. This will come in handy when you're leaving from work to happy hour on Friday—just roll it up and stick it in your "going out" crossbody bag. The space-saver accessory is also great for travel. As the name suggests, this nylon 15-inch backpack can hold your laptop and much more, making your daily commute less of a struggle. (No one wants to carry three different totes on a crowded rush-hour train or bus ride.) The straps sit comfortable on your shoulders and the backpack itself promises to be lightweight, thank God.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Bow down.Rihanna is truly a force to be reckoned with in the fashion world. The superstar has several brands under her belt, from lingerie line Savage x Fenty to her Fenty beauty line. On top of all that, Rihanna launched a high-end fashion line, Fenty, with luxury conglomerate LVMH. The singer has a knack for making baggy streetwear look cool, and reminded us of just that when Rihanna was spotted at the airport at JFK.The multi-hyphenate touched down in New York City ahead of an event and wore the coziest (yet edgy) airport outfit. She was in a head-to-toe gray sweats set, and showed off her New York Yankees pride with a snapback. Since Riri isn't one to shy away from statement accessories, she dressed up the look with large dangly earrings and a pair of silver heels from Manolo Blahnik's spring 2019 collection. She gave a small nod to her LVMH family with her Dior Oblique tote bag.The singer managed to make casual dressing look fancy with those tiny touches, and I expected nothing less from Riri. After all, everything looks better with a pair of designer shoes, even sweats. If you agree, shop similar heel options from Manolo ahead. Then, wear with your comfiest lounge pants.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			...But with her own twist! Kate Middleton is taking style cues from her sister-in-law, Meghan Markle. The Duchess of Cambridge showed up to day one of the 2019 Royal Ascot annual horse races in a blue Philip Treacy hat—a brand favored amongst the royals—nearly identical to the pink one Meghan wore to Prince Charles' 70th birthday patronage last year. The hat isn't the only similarity to the Duchess of Sussex. Kate is wearing a gorgeous blue Elie Saab dress with sheer sleeves, which resembles the sheer pink Goat dress Meg wore during Charles' birthday festivities. Kate did decide to put her on touch on the hat with a blue flower detail on the left side of her head, but it's clear Meghan's outfit from last year has become the inspo for the day. Either that, or the royal sister-in-law's just really love the same details.  Meghan attended her first Royal Ascot last year with Prince Harry, but both of them decided to skip this year's festivities. Meg is likely at home with baby Archie (remember, she's on maternity leave!) and Harry might attend over the next couple days. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			As the apparel industry has woken up to threats of climate change (and their part in the issue), several brands have taken major steps to reduce their impact on the environment. Today, luxury retailer Net-a-Porter announced that they are joining the effort by launching Net Sustain, a new vertical on the site that's a one-stop shop for customers who want to buy sustainably made products.Net Sustain is launching with 26 brands and more than 500 products that "meet the business’ criteria for sustainability." The criteria ranges from "considered materials and processes to reducing waste in their supply chain, taking into account human, animal, and environmental welfare, and aligning with internationally recognized best practices in the fashion and beauty industries." Sustainable brands launching within the Net Sustain group include exclusive capsule collections from Stella McCartney, Mother of Pearl x BBC Earth, and Maggie Marilyn, as well core products from the likes of Ninety Percent, Fisch, Lem Lem, Peony, Veja, Hereu, Nannacay, and Chopard.  WELCOME TO #NETSUSTAIN: Our platform for considered, authentic and innovative brands, products and content – a celebration of creativity that's driven by a desire to make fashion more sustainable.  @motherofpearl focuses on traceability across their entire supply chain – designer @amy_powney is committed to sourcing more sustainable fibres for her collections. Head to Stories to learn more.  Shop the exclusive collection now at #NETAPORTER.A post shared by  NET-A-PORTER (@netaporter) on Jun 18, 2019 at 2:21am PDT"We have always wanted to provide our customer with the best products and allow them to make informed choices when shopping on the site," Elizabeth von der Goltz, Net-a-Porter's global buying director, said in a statement. "Our sustainable edit provides our customers with the knowledge they need, understanding that they can trust that these brands have been carefully reviewed and meet our criteria for inclusion. Our aim is to give a voice to the brands that are truly making positive changes by providing them with a platform to highlight their best practice.”Net-a-Porter is also making it easier for customers to find the aforementioned brands on the site by stamping each item with a badge and placing the brands in a sustainable section on the website. Net Sustain plans to expand its pool of eco-conscious brands in the future with plans to add a beauty vertical in the next year. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HEREFrom: ELLE US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's a jeans-approved and dog-friendly office.In a bi-weekly series, we're interviewing female executives, founders, CEOs—basically, boss ladies—on their one "power suit" a.k.a. the outfit they wear every day for easy dressing to conquer whatever the job throws at them.One lesson I've learned in talking to entrepreneurs for this series is that you don't need a wealth of experience or knowledge in business, production, or design to build a product (though, it helps, of course). You just need an idea—a brilliant one. And often times, this good idea is born out of a curiosity or simple necessity in one's life. For Vicki and Rich Fulop, the founders of cult-bedding company Brooklinen, it all started with some bedsheets in Las Vegas. The pair traveled there in 2012 and slept on a set of sheets so comfortable, they set out to buy them from the hotel's store. Unfortunately, they discovered, the sheets cost $800. "That price was crazy. How can bedsheets be $800?" recalls Vicki Fulop. "They were so comfortable and nice, though. That got my husband—who was in business school at [NYU's] Stern at the time—curious about why luxury sheets were so expensive and why inexpensive sheets had such terrible quality." They dove down a rabbit hole researching the bedding industry, gears spinning. The Fulops studied and investigated, doing everything from cold-calling production factories to sitting in Barnes & Noble reading about textiles (neither had experience in the area). The duo also informally interviewed people in coffee shops and department stores, asking what they looked for in bedding and what they bought online.  For their business model, Fulop cites Warby Parker and Everlane's direct-to-consumer method as initial inspiration—it would let them provide high quality bedding at a lower price point. "At the time, people told us this was a crazy idea, that no one wants to buy bedding online because they want to feel it in the store, but we thought differently," says Fulop.They launched a Kickstarter campaign in 2014 with a goal of $50,000 and found a factory that would create a small batch of sheets for them. "We did $200,000-something in preorders, so that told us we were on to something," shares Fulop. "We used the Kickstarter money to build our own website, which we officially launched later that year." Brooklinen, which employs about 31 people in the Dumbo neighborhood of NYC, just celebrated its five-year anniversary; in that time it has expanded beyond sheets into cozy linen robes and fluffy towels—it's become a lifestyle. "I want Brooklinen to own comfort in every touch point in people's lives," says Fulop. So what does the co-founder of a startup focused on coziness wear to the office? Not suits, that's for sure. Read up on Fulop's—now the chief communications officer for the company—daily routine and more on her work style, ahead."I am not the earliest riser. I wake up around 7:30 or 8 a.m. The first thing I do is read the news and check my phone to see if there are any urgent emails. Then I make myself tea—I am a tea instead of coffee drinker. I watch my latest recording of Watch What Happens Live with Andy Cohen because he makes me laugh. Usually I make myself breakfast, like eggs or something quick. Finally, I shower and get dressed before walking the dog (Rich and I alternate) and bring him into the office with us. There's a little posse of dogs at the Brooklinen office."   "I have always liked to dress casually, so my style is tailored, comfortable, and I like to wear color. I knew I never wanted to wear a suit or anything like that to work." "I try to keep my office look as close as possible to my own personal style. Our office is casual, so I am a big jeans wearer, whether that be wide leg jeans, crop jeans, or skinny jeans—they're my everyday uniform, for the most part. Once in awhile I will wear a dress from Reformation, or a similar store. With pregnancy, I've been wearing more dresses and I've discovered all the maternity jeans: J brand makes great ones and Citizens of Humanity I like too. I also like Rag & Bone. I try to keep my style the way it was before I became pregnant with some small tweaks to accommodate my new body. [Editor's note: Fulop gave birth to a baby boy, Lucas, in May.]On top, I usually wear a cute sweatshirt, sweater, or blouse from brands like Ganni, along with a fun shoe. I'm not the type that wears stilettos to the office because I want to move around comfortably. I love my Adidas and Veja sneakers that are trendy right now and I wear my Stella McCartney platforms a lot. For sandals, I like Ancient Greek and also Loeffler Randall."  "Comfortable, minimalist with a little bit of flair." "Figure it out. Nothing’s too hard to figure out."For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Your mission: To work out while looking cute.As someone who has tried almost every kind of workout, from yoga and barre to boxing and Krav Maga, I know the importance of wearing the right workout gear. (I basically invested in a whole new wardrobe when I took up running.) One of the most important pieces for any activity you partake in is, of course, your sports bra. There are so many options out there—but to narrow things down, you should pick one based on your body's needs and the type of activity (e.g. you'll want a moisture-wicking sports bra if you're doing a sweat-inducing workout like cycling). Ahead, I've rounded up a few of my favorite workout bras along with suggestions of which activity it's best for, though some can be easily interchanged.This bra with a crisscross design is ideal for those that need extra support in the chest area during workouts. Whether you're sprinting on the track or doing vinyasas in yoga class, this bra will keep your boob in place. The sports bra will be your go-to for everything, so buy it for $31.90 (it's originally $49!) before Nordstrom's Anniversary sale ends.This two-tone bra is designed for low-impact sports and studio workouts, which makes it a cute option for your next pilates reformer class. The bra has easy-to-remove padding (if you don't need or want that extra support) and is made from a quick-drying stretch fabric so your back will remain sweat-free as you go through those challenging planks and hundreds. Enjoy your workout while also knowing you're helping the environment. This crop top-style sports bra is made from nylon fibers created from discarded waste collected from landfills and oceans. This compressive top holds everything in place and also offers a more full-coverage option. I love Beyond Yoga for their ultra soft workout bras and bottoms. This quick dry top is one of my favorites, whether I'm doing pilates, barre, or TRX workouts. Editor's note: It's more suitable for those with smaller chests, as there's no padding or underwire support, though it is formfitting.  Fans of Harper Wilde's regular bras will love their latest drop in the fitness category. The brand's sports bra is made from a super soft and stretchy fabric that's perfect for low to medium-intensity workouts. It comes in five different colorways for versatility. If you leave every spin class drenched in sweat, this bra is for you. It's lightweight, stretchy, and features Outdoor Voices own techsweat technology so you're not trapped by your own perspiration. Expect to cool off faster and look super cute too—you can wear the zipper all the way up as pictured or halfway down for a sexy little touch. Avid boxers know you're constantly moving and changing positions on the floor, so you need a comfortable high-intensity sports bra. This one is designed specifically for C to DD cups, with molded cups that give wireless support. The high neckline keeps everything in check and the crop top style means you can skip wearing a tank or t-shirt.Morgan Stewart fans love her colorful and fun sports bra options. This low-impact piece has a fun grapefruit design perfect for your summer outdoor yoga or barre workout. Don't let the little sports bra deceive you, this one contains moisture-wicking material and protects your skin against UV rays. Here's the complete set if you're obsessed with the print.Barre classes often incorporate cardio, so you'll need a slightly more supportive bra. This one from Good American promises to be good for medium to high-impact routines with its built-in soft cups and chafe-free seams. The smooth design will pair well underneath whichever adorable workout top you've chosen for that day, too.Hot yoga is one place you'll be sweating nonstop, so you need a bra that doesn't feel clamy. This Olympia Activewear is perfect for the activity as it's made with a lightweight, moisture-wicking stretch fabric. (You'll forget you're even wearing it!) A cool striped under band provides extra support while also creating the illusion of a slimmer silhouette.Need: a sports bra that also looks like a crop top. This racerback option has the look and feel of your favorite rib knit top—perfect for your next hip hop class. The cute bra/top will show off your hard-earned abs as you go through that weekly dance choreography.  This is the bra that'll get you through all those high-intensity workouts. It has an adjustable chest strap plus double straps in the back for support and is made from a breathable, stretchy fabric that is moisture-wicking too. This piece is built for all your running/cross training needs, so add to your cart ASAP.Running is a high-impact sport, so you need to be fully equipped with the proper gear. Start with the right kind of workout bra—you'll want one with support that doesn't feel heavy to wear. This style from Nike is made with the same Flyknit material as its popular sneakers for that comfortable, barely-there feel. Built-in ventilation for the areas you sweat the most add a nice extra touch. This sports bra is designed to provide light support, which makes it optimal for a low-intensity activity like hiking. (If you're not planning to jog or run up the hill that is.) The fabric is designed to cool you off if you sweat and the racer back style allows for a full range of motion, should you decide to stretch while on the trail.  For regular gym goers, you'll want to check out this Spanx bra. It's designed for medium impact and perfect for your everyday gym activities, from the stair master to the elliptical. The wire-free and lightly-lined bra won't dig into your skin and offers a "built-in cradle" to support and lift your boobs up. What more can you ask for?•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Well, in case you had any doubts (you probably didn't), the Duchess Effect is absolutely real. Kate Middleton and Meghan Markle are essentially a designer's dream: Whenever they wear particular pieces, fans show so much interest that said pieces regularly sell out within hours and minutes. Now, thanks to a study by Lyst and reported by HELLO!, we know which pieces were the absolutely most popular. In other words, these outfits were the most talked about and most bought (either the piece or a similar one) after the two duchesses wore them—and, TBH, I'm actually a little surprised. According to HELLO!: And, in case you were curious as to Meghan's most popular outfit, it was also in March, "when she wore a stylish silver and gold brocade dress to celebrate the 50th Anniversary of Prince Charles’ Investiture at Buckingham Palace. Over the following 24 hours, her ensemble triggered a 500% rise in online demand for brocade dresses." Let's take a look at the full outfits, shall we? (I know what you like.) Here's Kate:Like, I get the popularity due to the absolutely gorgeous color, but I CANNOT pull off the double-breasted look, and I feel like this would be very hard to replicate.Here's Meghan: Again, same thing. I would look like a very fancy duvet (as the Fug Girls often say, it looks like very nice wallpaper). It's not a knock! But mortals such as I might have a tough time. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			These tastemakers share their favorite warm-weather looks.Fact: You can wear anything you want. Confidence and comfort over everything, right? Right. And if you do want to accentuate your body type and highlight your curves, there are a few style tricks to do so. We reached out to several tastemakers, including Rochelle Johnson and Chastity Garner Valentine, to get their best summer outfit ideas for curvy women—and the #OOTDs are fire. Not to mention, they're super easy to recreate. Ahead, the looks you'll want to live in this season."This is one of my favorite summer looks because it's colorful, and bright. I love the way the top accentuates my waist and the layers in the skirt elongates my stature." —Rochelle Johnson of BeauticurvePrettyLittleThing wrap crop top, $28SHOP ITVince Camuto wrap skirt, $99SHOP ITDior saddle calfskin bag, $3,350SHOP ITKaanas infinity sandal, $109SHOP IT"We are in such a bright color cycle in fashion and most of my summer looks reflect that. This summer ensemble is full of neon and printed accents that flatter every part of my body, without hiding my curves. I’m proud of my curves and never want to hide them under boring clothes." —Victoria Monitzer of Rosewood AvenueParker summer sleeveless top, $113SHOP ITChicwish maxi skirt, $50SHOP ITMango croc-effect belt bag, $40SHOP ITNike Air Force 1, $90SHOP IT"I love this outfit because it's so clean. I feel sexy without being too revealing and it's comfortable. The slip skirt is body skimming so it shows off my natural curves and feels airy, so it's great for walking around the city in the summer. I can never buy enough tanks and this skinny strapped top lets me show off my shoulders. The hint of skin around my midsection is more of the 'meet and greet' instead of a full blown crop. I think anyone can wear this and feel chic and effortless." —Crystal Clement of crystal_alexisPrettyLittleThing crop top, $12SHOP ITTopshop midi skirt, $55SHOP ITChloé faye bag, $1,390SHOP ITMaryam Nassir Zadeh, $437SHOP IT"I'm in love with these jeans. They are high-waisted, which is complementary to my shape and my waistline. The stretch and pocket placement make my butt look great. The wide leg gives me some airy comfort for warmer temperatures.  I paired it with this afro-centric crop top. Most would say 'plus size women' shouldn't wear crop tops, but I find myself throwing caution to the wind—especially when I have a piece that I know I'll look great in. For me, I like to highlight my shoulders, so off-the-shoulder tops are something I reach for often. Highlighting the attributes that you love will always have you leaving the house feeling and looking good." —Chastity Garner Valentine of Garner StyleAmur crop top, $398SHOP ITWit & Wisdom jeans, $88SHOP ITCult Gaia leather mules, $163SHOP IT"This top and skirt set is so nice, I bought it twice (I have it in navy and white).  I'm expecting my first baby in the fall, so finding pieces that are comfortable and trendy for summer is key! I love this set because it comes in sizes XS to 4XL, is budget friendly, and comes in a few colors. It's not maternity, but the smocking is perfect for curves—it hugs my shape without being tight." —Sarah Tripp of sassyredlipstick Leith smock crop top, $49SHOP ITLeith smock skirt, $55SHOP ITSerpui crossbody, $265SHOP ITTory Burch slide sandals, $228SHOP IT I’m so glad Veronica Beard has expanded their size range to include plus. When I created my #plussizeplease movement five years ago they were high on my personal brand wishlist. This dress is so good for summer because the fit is spot on and the ruched detail on the front is totally adjustable, so the cut works for a variety of heights and body shapes."—Sarah Chiwaya of CurvilyVeronica Beard dress, $650SHOP ITBrixton hat, $60SHOP ITSam Edelman booties, $126SHOP IT"I tend to shop for dresses that allow me to look chic, but are especially very comfortable. Before I purchase anything online, I read about the materials. I want to make sure that I'll look good and be able to move in it. This extra research also helps me in deciding if have to size down or up for an item. At the moment I am very into black and white animal prints." —Jessica Torres of thisisjessicatorresCity Chic maxi dress, $119SHOP ITTorrid black t-shirt, $18SHOP ITSusan Alexandra bag, $385SHOP ITZara white mules, $50SHOP IT•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Heist is offering the bodysuits in three limited-edition shades.Meghan Markle and the other ladies of the royal family are not required to wear tights— though there was some heated debate over this topic when the Duchess of Sussex was seen sans tights back in 2018. Since then, Meghan has alternated between hosiery and no hosiery, likely depending on her dress, the occasion, and, like all of us, her mood. When she does grab a pair, it's from a British company called Heist. Founded in 2015 by Toby Darbyshire, the company offers a range of products from tights to shapewear (i.e. one pieces called The Outer Body) and socks. Though we have yet to see the Duchess in a bodysuit, the brand offers them in wearable neutral hues like black, brown, and beige. For summer, Heist just announced it has released three limited-edition colors: sienna, ivy, and ink. The one-pieces are made to "shape, smooth, and slim up to five centimeters off one's waist," while allowing for comfort. (Fiona Fairhurst, VP of Innovation at Heist, has a background in sportswear design for the Olympics, so you know the bodysuits have to be comfortable.) This is basically versatile shapewear you can wear as a regular top with jeans or a skirt."The fact that we know Meghan Markle is one of the thousands of women who wear our nude tights, and support us as a brand is brilliant," says Darbyshire. "If she goes for The Outer Body in a new color, we know she heard the hype!" (Pssst Meghan, you read it here first.) As for what's next on the list of creation for Heist? Bras.  For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			No! More! Chafing!Ah, ’tis the season of summer fashion! Women everywhere are wearing their best sundresses and white jeans. But now that we’re ridding our outfits of chunky layers, pretty much all of us know of a couple quirks that can ruin our summer ensembles: panty lines, chafing, and skirts that ride up. For all those summer fashion woes (and more), let me introduce you to the Smooth Slip Shorts from BESTENA, which are made to be worn under any dress, skirt, and, yes, even jeans.  The shorts come in black and  white, and because they’re made from nylon, they have a smooth and stretchy feel to ’em (similar to your favorite leggings). And even though they stick close to your body, they’re super lightweight and will keep you cool and dry from sweat. If you’re still not convinced, look at the 156 real customer reviews on Amazon and see why they rank with a 4.3-star rating. One customer says she loves that they’re “low-rise enough so that they don’t poke out the top of [my] skirt or put pressure on [my] abdomen.” Another says they’re so comfy that she wears them around the house and even sleeps in them.The biggest compliment of all might be that one person said these shorts stopped her skin from chafing. “My life changed once I discovered these slip shorts—no more chafing and no more worrying about strong winds lifting my dress.”They’re only $9, so you really don’t have much to lose. The seller even offers free returns on select sizes and colors in case you pick the wrong one. Plus, they’re available for Prime shipping, so if you need them ASAP, they’ll be at your door in a snap.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.subscribe hereFrom: Good Housekeeping US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Time to stock up! Finding a good bra is easier said than done. So when you finally find one that's pretty, supportive, and affordable, it's always a good idea to buy a few of them at once.Thanks to ThirdLove, you can stock up this week without going over budget.  The brand famous for its spot-on fit finder is having an epic "buy more, save more" bundle. You can take $15 off two bras, $25 off three bras, and $40 off four bras. So the more you buy, the more you'll save. Um, yes please. Because we at Marie Claire love finding a bra that's comfy (and cute!), we rounded up our favorite styles. Shop them all below. Your lingerie drawer will thank you.  This is hands-down the prettiest racerback bra we've seen in a long time.Calling all new moms and mothers-to-be: You need this bra. With a front-closure and easy-open cups, it's a game-changer for feeding and pumping.Can we interest you in this versatile option that can be worn with everything from sundresses, to sweaters, to, of course, T-shirts?This sweet eyelet style is just as pretty as it is practical. This is the bra you need to pair with your favorite V-neck top. A strapless bra that will actually stay up? Sign me up. The silicone strips on the top and bottom edges keep everything in place. A wireless option that will make you forget you're even wearing a bra at all. •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.subscribe here		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Sure Meghan Markle found it first, but now I wear it weekly.In our biweekly series, editors share "the item they wear to death," whether it be a basic white tee or a super-trendy jumpsuit. Prepare yourself (and your credit card) for some guilt-free shopping.Let's get one thing out of the way: Yes, this is the white button-down that the Duchess, formerly known as Meghan Markle (well I guess she's still known as Meghan Markle, but at the time it was pre-Royal Wedding), wore on her first official outing with Prince Harry. The two made their debut as a couple at the Invictus Games in September 2017, and for such a momentous occasion, yes one that called for semi-casual attire, Markle wore jeans, flats, and a white Misha Nonoo top called the Husband shirt (a detail that made its way into many a cheeky headline). She looked fab.Anyway, I did not buy this white button-down because Meghan Markle wore this white button-down. I bought this white button-down because when I saw Meghan Markle wearing it, I immediately realized it is The Perfect White Button-Down.I'd been on a hunt for the PWBD for several years (truly, at least five), with zero success. There was always something off about every shirt I tried on or bought-and-returned: too sheer, too boxy, too girly. Misha Nonoo's shirt is none of those things. The Husband shirt has a slightly oversize fit, which lends itself perfectly to a put-together jeans look like Meghan Markle's—this is how I wear it most often since it dresses up denim just enough for the office (at least, Marie Claire's jeans-friendly office!). It also has that effortless I-just-threw-it-on-and-look-great vibe for the weekend. Another standout detail is the buttons. Instead of traditional plastic buttons, there are metal closures that fit through the button holes, which gives the top an extra polished feel. If I had a tiara for every time someone complimented those non-button buttons, I'd have more crown jewels than QE2. Worn under a blazer or tucked into a pencil skirt, the shirt looks both professional and cool: a tricky combination. The cuffs are extra long, which is a chic detail, but they can also be rolled up in that effortless Jenna Lyons–esque way.Now that we're friends, I feel I can share another confession with you: I own four of these shirts. Yes, four. I almost bought the blue version once, but panicked and switched back to white before checking out. Why, why, do I own so many of this shirt, you ask? I put one on at least once a week. They're starting to show signs of wear due to, well, lots of wear, plus dry-cleaning, the occasional coffee spot, etc., and I love having a super pristine option for the fancier of occasions. I also own one shirt in a size smaller (an extra-small) than the rest (small), because I realized the size down tucks into skirts better, while my normal size works better with pants. Finally, did you not read the part where I said this is the perfect white shirt? I'm not kidding, it is PERFECT. Don't believe Misha Nonoo when she says on her site, "Every brand claims to have 'the perfect white shirt.' Not us. We know our crisp cotton poplin shirt is no angel." Sorry Misha, your perfect shirt is my queen.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Get ahead of the game. Just like your favorite dress or most beloved pair of flats, your handbag needs to be swapped out every so often. One surefire way to earn your cool-girl credentials is to begin sporting a bag from an up-and-coming new brand before any of your friends discover it. If you're in the market for the brand-new handbag—or just want to know what's on trend this season—leave it to us. We're tracking down the latest bag launches and emerging designers that'll keep your accessories game elevated. To get you started, check out the seven brands below. Your new favorite bag awaits you.Danish brand Ganni is on a mission to outfit your entire closet and, it knows handbags are essential to one's wardrobe. Though the brand released a few bags as part of its accessories category (the label also makes shoes and sunglasses), it officially turned its attention to high-end contemporary leather handbags in May 2019. The debut lineup showcased five key shapes: drawstring, small drawstring, bucket, tote, and the crossbody. Every bag is handcrafted in Italy and designed with a bold color palette, ranging from bright yellows to fiery reds. They're also multifunctional with details like removable/adjustable straps and an inner pouch with drawstring closure.  When you need a fancy bag for weddings, cocktail parties, or dinners with the beau, this accessory brand is here for you. Designed by Alexa Mateen-Abdi  (who was a founding member of Tinder), these clutches merge modern art with functionality, which perhaps explains why Mateen's accessories look so aesthetically pleasing and elegant. The lucite clutches have been spotted on celebs like Natalie Portman, Emma Watson, and Jane Fonda, proving it's a coveted piece by everyone. Before your next soirée, peruse the collection and snag one asap before it sells out.After working for fashion houses like Louis Vuitton and Prada, Jennifer Lyu debuted her own handbag line Delaroq, focusing on the minimalist aesthetic. "In a very crowded market with an affection for maximalism, I wanted to stand out with a minimal aesthetic focused on leather savoire faire and ample functionality to up our game," she said. Her current styles are based on the upcycling concept, where most of the raw materials used for the bags are excess or stocked items, in keeping with Lyu's mission to make sustainable accessories. Her designs are sleek and perfect for everyday wear, whether they're paired with jeans and a tee or a little black dress.  The colorful bags in Jeff Wan's collection are inspired by his native home, Mauritius, an island known for its beaches, lagoons, and reefs near East Africa. The bag silhouettes, however, actually reflect the demands of an urban lifestyle—they range from a fashionable work tote bag to a carryall backpack. (Though, if you do want something out of the ordinary, he offers a handbag shape inspired by milk/juice cartons.) As a vetted designer hailing from labels like Michael Kors and Coach, Wan definitely has an eye for the next best thing, and you can count on him to design it in vibrant hues.Simone Rizzo and Loris Messina, founders of the menswear label Sunnei, just tapped into women's accessories by launching handbags. These come in several unique shapes, including the long duffle-esque style. As part of the campaign launch, the duo had the photographer shoot seven models in the nude, wearing only the brand's bags. It was to "narrate the collection through the lens of Milan-based photographer Carolina Amoretti." Once these naked photos grabbed your attention, they also made you look twice at that cool bag in the model's hands or shoulders.If you're not familiar with Cafuné yet, now is the time. The brand was founded by Queenie Fan and Day Lau in 2015 and has been spotted on the streets of New York Fashion Week and beyond. The structured designs are fun and unconventional (check out those acrylic beaded handles) yet timeless and easily wearable. Cafuné's spring 2019 collection, in particular, was inspired by the art movement Impressionism, drawing on colors and feelings from Claude Monet's notable Water Lilies series. I'm in love with that purple purse.Founded by Mireia Llusia-Lindh, all DeMellier handbags are handcrafted in the south of Spain by local artisans using the finest Italian and Spanish materials. Because the bags are so polished and chic, it's no surprise they're a hit with the royal crew. Princess Beatrice was one of the first to start carrying the brand, followed by Pippa Middleton, then everyone's favorite duchess, Meghan Markle. (She owns the mini venice bag in forest green!) Other celebrity fans of the brand include Emily Blunt, Beyoncé, and Lily Collins. Feel like a star with one of the options, below.  For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Have you ever wanted to go into a store and haggle like you're at junk yard? Well, Everlane gives you that option with their version of a sale: The Choose What You Pay program. It let's you, the world-renowned penny pincher, choose from three different discounted prices for the same product (because yes, the transparent, eco-friendly, and socially-conscious brand just keeps getting better). Everlane has lowered prices on some of their best sellers, from office essentials to skinny jeans. Shop our top 10 favorite basics, ahead.Marked down to $111Marked down to $62Marked down to $48Marked down to $60Marked down to $70Marked down to $47Marked down to $45Marked down to $135Marked down to $66Marked down to $8•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HEREFrom: ELLE US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			See which brands reigned supreme. The reality of bra shopping: You find a cute style you love—perhaps a convertible racerback or a demi-cup with lace detailing—and you snap it up to try on at home. The bra looks perfect until you pull that white T-shirt over your head...then it’s a disaster. You can see the outline of the cups against your maybe-too-thin-but-very-comfortable shirt, the sliders on your bra straps leave bumpy marks underneath, and the underwire is just too obvious. The struggle, I know. Finding the perfect bra to wear under a white T-shirt requires patience and perhaps a few annoying store returns.In an effort to save everyone some time and stress, Marie Claire decided to put a bunch of bras to the test, hoping to once and for all find a style that will always look great under a white tee. We conducted an exhaustive search for T-shirt bra options (defined as a mid-coverage style that provides support but looks seamless under your clothing) from giant retailers like Target and Nordstrom and direct-to-consumer brands like ThirdLove and CUUP, in addition to tapping our friends and coworkers for their favorites. Then we ruled out designs with lace and exuberant prints, instead sticking to neutrals to minimize the bra's visibility.Once we narrowed down the brands we loved, we hit a vexing roadblock: Very few brands offered T-shirt bras in a range of color and sizes that accommodated our six volunteers. That should be less and less of a problem going forward, though; many retailers are working hard to accommodate chests of all sizes and women of all shades as the calls for lingerie companies to become more inclusive have never been louder.With all this—availability, price, and popularity—in mind, we landed on five brands to test: Cosabella, CUUP, Knix, Harper Wilde, and Lively. Then, six women, all with varying bust sizes, tried on the same bra style from each brand under a soft, flattering, and not totally sheer Banana Republic crew neck tee ($20). Each woman crowned a favorite bra, followed by a runner up.Your journey to the perfect white T-shirt bra ends here.   "When I look for a bra, it's important that it supports and lifts my small boobs. This one hugged me just right and I liked the crisscross design in the middle. I prefer bras with underwire, and this bra has one under its buttery-soft fabric. It also has this v-neck shaped cup, so I could wear a low-cut T-shirt with this if I wanted to.""I liked CUUP a lot because it felt like you weren't wearing a bra. But it didn't give me as much of a lift as the Harper Wilde one.""When you slip this one on, it feels like you're not wearing a bra. And I am the type that doesn’t like wearing bras. The cups are a little sheer, which gives it that sexy yet cute vibe. There are no harsh lines when you wear it under a tee and it fits well. I usually only wear bralettes, but if I had to pick a bra, I would wear something like this.""I feel like both bras are very similar. Harper Wilde was comfortable too, but it was a little thicker than CUUP.""The Cosabella bra is so comfortable and makes everything look and feel great. The cups are not push ups, which I like, and have a very snug fit. I have a long torso, and I feel like this bra breaks up my frame and it doesn't cover up my chest completely. I normally only wear sports bras, so I am surprised this one fits as well as those and has the same level of comfort.""It was soft, but it's a little more covered. I like the finishing of the cups for something a little different.""This bra had the most natural fit on my boobs and I don’t feel like I'm wearing a bra at all. The material is a little see-through, and this sheer quality reminds me of my favorite bralettes, which I usually wear. I actually saw this brand featured on Instagram and wanted to try it on, so I'm glad I had the chance. I love it.""This bra fits so naturally, you don't feel it. It also gives you support where you need it."  "When I look for a bra, I generally shoot for comfort first because you're going to be wearing it all day. I pay attention to how the cups fit my boobs and the design of the bra, too. This one is soft to the touch and I didn't feel any press on my chest—like it was squishing my boobs in. I am surprised it doesn't have an underwire because my boobs still feel fully supported. The quality for that price is really good too."  "I like this one because it's light and airy. I didn't feel any pressure on my chest and it was super soft.""This one wins in overall comfort and the way it gives my breasts a lift. It doesn’t squeeze anything. I usually wear wired push up bras, so this is a whole other experience. This is so comfortable, I might have to switch from my other bras. I can even see myself working out during the day in this versus the other bras, which I would only wear for a few hours if I had to.""This bra was comfortable and gave my breasts a lift, but Knix was slightly comfier." Photography: Kathryn WirsingHair: Walton NunezMakeup: Nina Soriano For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The actress made a rare red carpet appearance.Kinda like an eclipse in its beauty and rarity, when Katie Holmes makes a red carpet appearance, it’s something to be celebrated, admired, and maybe to get slightly emotional about. As one of the most notoriously private A-list celebrities out there, the 40-year-old mother of one opts to stay out of the spotlight as much as possible, but the actress was in attendance for the Life Ball 2019 this weekend. The spectacular charity event has been an annual occurrence for 26 years, but took place for the very last time on Saturday, raising funds for HIV and AIDS projects.Katie’s red carpet choices are always special, and somehow manage to strike the balance between being special in their elegance, but still understated enough to suit her own effortless personal style. Saturday’s look was no exception, as the star arrived at City Hall in Vienna, Austria wearing the perfect, no fuss ballgown. The former Dawsons Creek star chose a shimmering Missoni gown this time, with a fitted strapless body, and striped floor length skirt in glittering, muted tones of blue, green and purple. Holmes styled the piece with simple chic accessories, choosing a silver CASADEI clutch, delicate layered gold necklaces, and heels hidden by the gown. It looks like she may have had an inch or two chopped from her hair as well, wearing it in the perfect low maintenance, poker straight style. Natural makeup with rosy cheeks and glowing skin was the finishing touch to her laidback look.Let this be a lesson to us all in the perfect, cool girl version of red carpet sparkle. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Is the new band for her son Archie?Meghan Markle surprised everyone by attending Trooping the Colour with the royal family just one month after she gave birth to little Archie. She was spotted sitting next to Prince Harry, across from Kate Middleton and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, in high spirits as she smiled and waved at the crowd. When Meghan waved, some eagle-eye fans quickly zoomed in on her hands. As Meghan's Mirror points out, the Duchess of Sussex was wearing not two, but three rings on her finger. She wore her wedding band, her engagement ring (so gorgeous), and a third glittering "delicate pavé-set band." This last ring raised so many possibilities: Was it a push present? An alternative to the traditional wedding band? Did Harry give it to her? It definitely has to be a tribute to Archibald's arrival, right? Though it might be awhile before we find out exactly what the third ring means, one thing is clear: It's stunningly pretty.In the past, Meghan has worn multiple rings on her fingers in addition to her engagement ring, but this new one is definitely unique. And it's on her ring finger, giving it a special importance. Meghan is wearing a third ring on her ring finger - a delicate pave-set band - alongside her engagement and wedding rings. pic.twitter.com/I9I4tvnF8tThe Duchess of Sussex also wore a Givenchy navy ensemble and a Noel Stewart fascinator. Though, if you love Meg's new ring as much as we do, shop similar options below.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She's made increasingly bold fashion choices. Kate Middleton has been a very fashionable fixture at the Trooping the Colour—the official celebration of the Queen's birthday—since she and Prince William got married in 2011. Every year since then, we've watched the Duchess in the carriage with Camilla as she arrives at Buckingham Palace wearing numerous chic and sophisticated outfits. Click through the gallery to see how Kate's look has transformed since her first Trooping the Colour in 2011, to now.For her debut Trooping the Colour in 2011, Kate decided to coordinate with her new step-mother-in-law Camilla in a tailored, white coat dress.Unlike Camilla, who kept her whole look light, the Duchess accessorised with a black hat to create this chic monochrome situation.Her dress/coat was made by Alexander McQueen and featured a tiered skirt and padded shoulders.Another Trooping the Colour, another chance to coordinate with Camilla. In 2012, the pair opted for a light blue colour palette.This time, Kate matched her millinery with her dress and wore a light grey clutch to complement the look, too.Her printed Erdem dress was a slight departure from Kate's usual love of colour-blocking. A pretty pregnant Kate in 2013 arrived at the Trooping the Colour ceremony with Camilla as usual, who was wearing cream.Kate had previously worn her hat before, at one of the Queen's garden parties in 2012.Her super-cute collared coat with pearl buttons was custom-made for the mum-to-be by Alexander McQueen.For the first year, Kate and Camilla strayed a bit from their matchy matchy outfits. Although both were still in pastels.Kates blazer and skirt were made by Alexander McQueen - are you noticing a theme here?! - while her hat was Jane Taylor.For her first appearance since giving birth to Princess George, Kate Middleton went for a floral blue coat to blend well with Camilla's green.She wore perhaps her biggest hat yet! Her coat was made by Catherine Walker - one of the late Princess Diana's favourite designers.By 2016 Camilla and Kate were back to matchy matchy, with each lady selecting a cream coat to wear on the occasion.Kate wore an old coat dress by Alexander McQueen, that she previously wore at Princess Charlotte's christening, and huge pearl earrings.The Duchess used her pink hat to coordinate with Princess Charlotte, who was also in pink, and Prince George who wore a pastel blue.Kate went for her most colourful and striking look yet in 2017, in this millennial pink (kinda) number.The dress is by Alexander McQueen (obvs) and we're obsessed with everything about this look - including the matching hat by Jane Taylor.Once again, the Duchess coordinated with her two children who looked adorable as always.Riding alongside Camilla aka the Duchess of Cambridge, Kate yet again matched her in a classy powder/pastel blue dress and matching fascinator.Again, the dress she went for was Alexander McQueen, because of course. And the hat, Juliette Botterill.In 2019, Kate wore a butter yellow dress with a contrasting floral hat as she arrived alongside Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall and Meghan, the Duchess of Sussex. Kate's hate is particularly striking, given the size and level of detailing in the floral features. As for accessories, Kate went for classic drop earrings and her sapphire engagement ring, passed down to Prince William from Princess Diana.From: Cosmopolitan UK		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			This is so sweet. Despite giving birth only a month ago, Meghan Markle made a surprise appearance alongside the royal family for Trooping the Colour. The new mom was spotted riding in a carriage while sitting next to Prince Harry and across from Kate Middleton and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, smiling at the crowd. For the event, Meghan opted for a solid color choice of navy. (She also wore a third new ring on her ring finger.) The blue ensemble consisted of a cape and, underneath, a navy wool crepe cocktail dress with white sleeves. The ensemble was a totally different look from her outfit last year, where she wore an off-the-shoulder pink Carolina Herrera dress. (Kate, meanwhile, wore a sunny yellow dress.) Though the blue color was definitely more understated than a hot pink look, it contained a special meaning. According to the chief foreign correspondent of People, Meghan reportedly wore the navy outfit by Clare Waight Keller, with a Noel Stewart fascinator, as a nod to her wedding day. Coincidentally for the event, Kate wore Alexander McQueen (her wedding dress, as you'll remember, was also by McQueen). Meghan on the balcony:Understandably, the Duchess of Sussex left her son Archie at home as he is still too young to join his older cousins for Trooping the Colour. This will probably be one of very few events Meghan will attend since she is currently on maternity leave, so enjoy every single photo of her ahead.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She's a ray of sunshine.Kate Middleton's a pro at dressing for royal events, especially for Trooping the Colour (she's been attending the festivities since 2011!). Today, the Duchess of Cambridge arrived, ready to join the rest of the royal family for their famous balcony appearance while wearing a sunny yellow outfit by Alexander McQueen. She sat next to Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall in the carriage as Meghan Markle and Prince Harry sat across from her. While Meghan looked sleek in navy, Kate looked bright and cheery in her sunshine-colored outfit. (According to a correspondent at People, the McQueen ensemble was reportedly a nod to her wedding day as was Meghan's Givenchy look a nod to her's.) Her fascinator by Philip Tracey, however, was definitely the statement piece in her outfit. The hat slanted sideways and featured a huge bouquet-like floral arrangement.  Kate didn't match her daughter Princess Charlotte like she did in 2017, as the little girl was later spotted wearing blue. And joining everyone for the first time, Prince Louis, the youngest of the Cambridge clan, appeared alongside his siblings and parents on the balcony. He wore a cute little blue and white outfit and avidly waved at the crowd while being held by his dad.For those who don't know what Trooping the Colour is, it's the Queen's annual birthday celebration. Though Queen E's actual day of birth is April 21, she celebrates that privately, and on June 9 officially celebrates her birthday publicly with none other than a parade. Fancy. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Say goodbye to awkward bikini tan lines.Dive deep into summer (literally) with a low-plunging, scoop back swimsuit. The practically backless silhouette is worth a shot this season if you're feeling a little daring and want something new to replace your old bikini. And, you know what I like to say: The one-piece is business in the front, party in the back. Though the scoop back style is s-e-x-y, trust me too when I say the following swimsuits are worth buying alone just for the details like bows and floral prints. Shop my favorite low-back suits, ahead.This low back one-piece is inspired by a dress style icon Kate Moss wore in 1995. Therefore, you need it. It's designed with a body sculpting stretch fabric and has a flattering square neckline to show off your collarbone. The scoop back won't give you tan lines like a traditional bikini does and you'll have that coveted bronzed glow from behind. This will be your LBS for summer (little blue swimsuit). Feeling frisky? I have the perfect swimsuit rec for you. Bamba's tiger print is bolder than all the floral swimsuits combined and has a notoriously high-cut silhouette that elongates your sun-kissed legs. Wear with a bucket hat and Teva-style shoes for that ultimate It-girl summer outfit.  Fact: founder and designer Brittany Kozerski of Jade Swim has perfected the one-piece. The "tether" low-back suit showcases the brands ethos for creating day-to-night minimal swimwear. Just like all the other Jade pieces, this one-piece functions as both a bodysuit and a swimsuit. Love Shack Fancy debuted their swim line this year and I have to say I am here for it. Just like the brand's dreamy feminine dresses, this swimsuit checks off all the boxes in what I'd want to wear this summer. The tie straps offer a fun, flirty detail while showing off a scooped back. For a solid colored backless swimsuit, try this sea foam green one-piece. It's definitely a minimalist suit with elegant vibes. Aside from the cute style, this swimsuit's fabric also has UPF 50+ sun protection. (Don't skim on the actual sunscreen though.)Hunza G has become my favorite swim brand this season mainly because of their fabrics. This one-piece is made from its new slick bandage style fabric in the perfect summer white shade—ideal to wear mid-summer when you're rockin' a tan. The belt adds a small but mighty finishing touch to highlight your waistline. Feel bold in this fuchsia-colored scoop back swimsuit when heading to the beach or pool this season. The brand's signature swim style comes with scrunchie shoulder straps and high-cut leg openings that are anything but boring. An added bonus? Fisch suits are created with  65 percent ECONYL material (fishing nets and nylon waste).This beautiful Oseree one-piece is a no brainer for any party. The delicate skinny straps paired with the shimmery fabric give this swimsuit an upgrade to your basic black one-piece. Wear this with light denim cutoff shorts and throw on some pool slides because this is definitely a look for the beach club.If you're looking for a swimsuit that lays comfortably on your skin and is stretchy, the shirred finish on this one-piece has your name on it. It's full of cool details like plunges in the front and the back while or tortoise shell rings elevate the would-be ordinary straps. Pair with matching tortoise shell sunglass and your swim outfit is complete. This is the color I've been waiting for: the perfect periwinkle. The button closure on the front gives this low-back piece a little extra something-something. The fabric's made from recycled plastic, approximately 14 water bottles, so you can feel good while knowing you're also doing good for the environment.Australian label Peony is really making waves in the swim market this season. This playful red and white striped one-piece is perfect for on and off the beach while the low-back gives it a sexy vibe.You go to Lululemon to replenish your stash of favorite workout leggings and now, you can pick up a swimsuit too. The brand has swimwear as a category and this one-piece offers coverage without sacrificing that sexy low-back shape. The "vintage gold" color is just right for that golden hour selfie. •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Memorize these combos. Designers have just released their resort 2020 collections, so get ready for all the outfit inspo. I love all the wearable outfits, from Max Mara's effortless dress over sweater look to DVF's leather trench. And for those who want more red carpet or out-of-the-box ideas, just check out Gucci or Givenchy. There's something for everyone in these resort collections. See some of our favorite looks from the fashion houses, ahead.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here).		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Weddings? Check. The office? Check? Vacation? Check. Some people may perceive flats as the dowdy, casual counterpart to the heeled shoe, but comfortable doesn't have to mean wearing orthopedic soles to the office. (For work-appropriate shoes of all types, check out our editors' picks here.) If you're committed to buying just a new pair of flats, however, jump ahead. I found a slew of fashionable flats that won't make you feel like you're teetering on stilts. Everlane just released its latest shoe for the summer, and you'll be glad to know "comfortable" is in the product description. The Day Glove ReKnit flat is made from a breathable knit and molds to your feet for a custom fit. It has a cushioned leather insole while still being lightweight for summer. Not into the yellow? It comes in four other colors too, including black and a blush pink. Thin, strappy sandals tend to look and feel uncomfortable as soon as you walk more than five blocks in them. That won't be the case with this beige neon trim crisscross sandal. The thick, sturdy straps won't dig into your skin, nor will they fall down as you amble along. The woven espadrille soles add a fun summer detail too. I'm ready to let my feet sink into this faux leather shoe. The lightweight "Yola" sandals from Nanushka have a puffed up shape and a sculptural square toe. I bet it'll feel like you're walking across a bouncy house once you slip this baby on, except stability will be on your side. The shoe also comes in a neutral beige color.I have at least three pairs of Soludos in my summer shoe rotation, always. They've taken me up rivers and across the beach, and have survived the streets of NYC. This agave embroidered option channels all those warm-weather memories of me sipping on a drink while sitting beachside. You can walk a mile in Rothy's slip-on sneakers (I've done it) and not wake up with sore feet or ankles the next day. There's enough cushion in there to absorb any ground impact and the shoe's neutral hues match with almost everything in the closet. My favorite way to wear them is with leggings while on airplanes or with a denim dress.I always thought slides like these were too casual for me, but once I tried these on, I was sold on both the comfort and less dressy aspect of it. You can wear these to the pool, but just as easily pair them underneath a tie-dye dress for that effortless summertime ensemble. I'm also a huge fan of the adjustable straps because now I can share them with my sister, who has slightly wider feet than I do.For a non-traditional summer print, go for this white and brown cow design. It has a western, contemporary vibe and the print reminds me of a stylish cowhide rug you find in someone's living room. This will be the most unique pair of flats you have in your shoe closet, guaranteed. Swap your black ballet flats for crisp white ones in the summer. This one looks great styled with blue jeans or with a colorful minidress. According to on reviewer, you'll need to break the shoes in just a bit, but they won't pinch your toes or cause you discomfort.If your budget allows, don't hesitate on buying this turquoise-colored sandal. Aside from the Caribbean sea hue, this shoe has double braided straps intertwined with silver chains and a Chanel logo on top. You feet will feel extra fancy whenever you have these slides on.When I asked my coworkers for their comfy flats picks, this one made the list and I can see why. It has a multilayer material of memory foam and performance cushioning for arch support and a cushioned footbed "that mirrors the sensation of walking on sand." A shoe that promises to make me feel like I am walking on the beach? Sold. I've had these leather cowhide slides saved on my wishlist forever and it's about time I bought a pair. I love the two-toned braided strap and the simplicity of the shoe. It's a style you can count on to get you through multiple days of vacation, whether you're wearing a dress, trousers, shorts, or skirts.For a shoe that veers away from the traditional ballet flat, try Chloé's scalloped selections. This one is feminine but fierce thanks to the snakeskin print and a dark mustard yellow coloring. It's sleek enough for the office yet dressed-down enough to pair with a tee and denim shorts on the weekends.Going on vacation? You definitely need these tropical palm leaf printed shoes in your suitcase. They might not have the best arch support compared to some other shoes on this list, but they're definitely comfortable enough for short walks around the resort. Also, how cute would these look on your Instagram?•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			These outfits deserve their own song and dance. The Tony Awards are back this Sunday, so we decided to take a trip down memory lane. There has been over seventy years of Tony's fashion to fall in love with, and trust me—you'll fall head over heels for these chic looks. Starting in 1947, the looks evolved from Old Hollywood glam to jaw-dropping sexy AF couture courtesy of stars from Audrey Hepburn to Kerry Washington. I personally can not wait to see how people go all out for 2019. This year, the awards will be hosted again by late-night funny man James Corden, so hopefully we can expect a "Carpool Karaoke" moment, like the epic version he had with Adele that I may or may not think about at least once a month. Get ready to sing and dance June 9 at 8 p.m. as you sip on some champagne—and don't forget the french fries.Helen HayesAudrey Hepburn, Dolores Gray, and Jo Van FleetHelen Hayes (Pictured with Nancy Kelly and Walter Slezak) Gwen Verdon (Pictured with  Ed Begley, Una Merkel and Ray Walston) Helen Hayes (Pictured with Robert Preston, Thelma Ritter, Helen Hayes, and Ralph Bellamy)Gwen Verdon (Pictured with Jason Robards, Jr., Richard Kiley, Claudette Colbert and Bud Collyer) Mary Martin (Pictured with Jackie Gleason, Anne Bancroft, and Melvyn Douglas) Carol ChanningMargaret Leighton (Pictured with Diahann Carroll, Robert Morse, and Paul Scofield)Elizabeth Taylor Liza Minelli Greta Thyssen Audrey Hepburn (pictured with Maurice Chevalier) Diahann CarrolShirley MaclaineDiana Rigg (Pictured with Brian Bedford, Alec McCowen Miss Bacall and Sir John Gielgud) Alexis Smith (pictured with Actor Phil Silvers and Sada Thompson)Cybill ShepherdBette MidlerMaggie SmithDiana Ross (Pictured with Al Pacino) Lorna Luft Susan Sarandon Cicely TysonElizabeth TaylorCherTwiggyRaquel Welch (Pictured with Shirley Maclaine) Julie Andrews Stefanie Powers		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			We rounded up the best inspo. I once lost everything—keys, wallet, phone—moshing at a Diarrhea Planet show when the strap of my bag snapped. Don't be like me. Instead, look to your fellow concert and music festival-goers, whose outfits take more factors (weather, comfort, jumping around in a crush of people) into account than simply standing around in the VIP are looking pretty. So, ahead, six cool, dance-able ensembles, whether you're rocking out backstage or in general admission. Alessandro Ambrosio is the queen of festival season (she's been going to Coachella since 2009!) and has worn every outfit under the sun ferris wheel. One of our favorite looks on her happens to be the easiest to emulate: a printed knit top, shorts, a button-down for layering, and brown boots. The latter is key for keeping your legs/toes clean of dust and getting stepped on by the crowd. You'll feel comfortable and be able to move in this outfit all day long. Blanc Noir bomber jacket, $159SHOP ITMissoni crochet swimsuit, $675SHOP ITRag and Bone denim shorts, $99SHOP IT Blondo waterproof riding boot, $200SHOP ITRebecca Minkoff bag, $198SHOP ITFor a feminine meets edgy mix, wear your favorite floral top with cargo pants. You can even add a pair of chunky sneakers into the mix for a boost in height and comfort. The crop top allows your bare skin to soak up the sunshine during the day while you'll feel modestly covered up by the long bottoms. If you want to feel even more protected from the sun, top off your outfit with a bucket hat (and don't forget sunscreen).H&M sunglasses, $10SHOP IT Hyein Seo trousers, $203SHOP ITMarissa Webb floral crop top, $171SHOP ITAdidas Falcon sneakers, $100SHOP IT Using the restroom will be a tad complicated, I admit, if you're wearing a jumpsuit or romper but it's a small hindrance for a cute one-and-done look. I personally swear by jumpsuits year round though especially for concerts because you don't have to worry about mixing-and-matching the right top to bottom. Pick a one-piece with a bright pattern and color that'll stand out in photos, like this one. Complete the outfit with key accessories: sunglasses, sandals, and a hat. Noake panama hat, $59SHOP ITCelia Dragouni jumpsuit, $152SHOP ITQuay x Nabilla sunglasses, $90SHOP ITChloé leather sandals, $518SHOP ITAnything goes at a concert, including any chain link top or see-through tanks. If you're a little daredevil, wear a mesh top and cargo pants for that tough cool-girl look. (PSA: These Alexander Wang cargo pants can also be converted into shorts!) A combat-like boot ties the outfit together. Glance Eyewear sunglasses, $14SHOP ITAlexander Wang cargo pants, $1,540SHOP ITTopshop mesh halter top, $50SHOP ITDoc Martens, $160SHOP IT Like jumpsuits, a two-piece set takes the guesswork out of getting dressed. This festival goer opted for a zebra patterned bralette and pants combination, but for the less animal-print inclined music guru, look for floral, stripes, or even solid colored sets. If your outfit falls on the neutral side, add a pop of color with red sunglasses. Lastly, a bag that can be worn multiple ways, like the Marc Jacobs option in the next slide, will get you through all your concerts in style.Illesteva pamela sunglasses, $220SHOP ITReformation top and pants set, $218SHOP ITKaanas sandal, $129SHOP ITMarc Jacobs belt bag, $375SHOP ITKendall & Kylie sandals, $75SHOP ITI love a good contrast between leather and florals. Take a cue from this concert fashionista and wear a bright minidress with a cropped leather jacket. A pair of black boots you don't mind scuffing up finishes the look. This ensemble works for any concert you're going to, from dancing to K-pop group BTS to rapping along with Travis Scott. Maje leather jacket, $745SHOP ITFor Love & Lemons floral dress, $262SHOP IT Nike crossbody bag, $40SHOP ITSam Edelman booties, $160SHOP IT•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			All of these picks support LGBTQ+ organizations.June is Pride Month—if you wondered, the month was chosen in honor of the Stonewall riots, which occurred June of 1969—and a ton of brands are participating in the celebration by releasing themed Pride merchandise. If you think you don't need another T-shirt or tote bag, well, let me assure you—you can always stand to have one more. Because now's your chance to shop with purpose. Sales and proceeds from the 24 Pride items below benefit organizations dedicated to helping the LGBTQ+ community, including GLAAD, the Human Rights Campaign, and The Trevor Project. If you're not into any of the products, you can just make direct donations to the foundations of your choosing. Shop with #noregrets, below.Designed by Michael from Illinois, the "Love for All" tee is one of three designs that won in a Lucky x Love artwork submission contest. The colorful shirt features a unity of different facial profiles. For every tee sold, Lucky Brand will donate $10 to the Los Angeles LGBT Center. These furry UGG sandals are like pillows for your feet. In honor of Pride, the brand updated its slide in three different color combinations so you can stand out and be bold. Rock it at the Pride parade or with white jeans for a casual-comfy summer look. For each pair sold, $25 will be donated to the Born This Way Foundation.If you're walking in the Pride Parade, you'll need a shoe that provides optimal support. This one from Teva will give you a boost in height to see past the crowd and makes a colorful statement about equality too. A donation of $15 per pair of shoes sold will go to the Tegan and Sara Foundation. As soon as you slip on these lightweight cotton boxer briefs, you'll never want to leave the bed or couch. The comfy rainbow-striped bottoms are part of Banana Republic's limited-edition capsule collection in celebration of Pride month. Fifty percent of the purchase price from each item sold will go to the United Nations Foundation in support of the United Nations Free & Equal Campaign for LGBTI equality.  This year's Nike BETRUE collection is inspired by non-other than the iconic Pride flag created by Gilbert Baker in 1978. Nike partnered with the Gilbert Baker Estate to design a collection of footwear, appeal, and accessories that features the Pride flag in all merchandise forms. If you're looking for a piece that extends beyond just Pride month, get this rainbow-strapped crossbody bag you'll be proud to wear every day.  Say it loud and proud with American Apparel's "Still here Still queer" t-shirt. This year, 100 percent of the net proceeds from the collection will be donated to the Los Angeles LGBT Center, specifically its Trans-Cosmetic Donation Drive.Cult-favorite Boy Smells is offering a candle called LES in celebration of the 50th Anniversary of the Stonewall Uprising and a half-century of LGBTQIA+ liberation. The scent notes are a mixture of black currant, peach blossom, jasmine rice, cardamom, white cedar and is made from a coconut and beeswax blend. Fifty percent of the profit from the sale of LES throughout the month of June will be donated The Trevor Project, the world's largest suicide prevention and crisis intervention organization for LGBTQ youth.GAP's Pride collection encompasses everything from clothes to accessories in rainbow colors. Scoop up this "Free to be Always" carryall tote, which can be used for anything from holding groceries to your work laptop. Fifteen percent of sales from the Pride collection will go to the United Nations Foundation in support of UN Free & Equal.  J.Crew is back again with its Pride merch and this time, we're scooping up this baseball cap. The rainbow heart embroidery is a subtle way to express support if you don't want to wear all rainbow gear to the office. (We're saving that for the weekend!). Style with your "Love first" tee. Fifty percent of the proceeds from every shirt sold will go to the Human Rights Campaign.Michael Kors released a rainbow capsule collection for Pride Month and it's full of colorful pieces, from this sequin dress to a one-piece swimsuit. On top of that, the label has created a special t-shirt with the brand's iconic charm done in rainbow. For each tee sold, MK will donate 100 percent of the sales to God’s Love We Deliver, an organization with a mission to improve the health and well-being of men, women, and children living with HIV/AIDS, cancer and other serious illnesses by alleviating hunger and malnutrition. Leah Fredkin, founder of Equality Goods, created this adjustable, multicolored strand bracelet with a safety pin in honor of Pride Month. This bracelet is also a reflection of her own coming out journey, as she had previously made a rainbow bracelet to wear the very first time she ever attended a Pride event. The current bracelet is a representation of compassion, acceptance, and support for oneself and others. Ten dollars from each of the bracelet sales will go to the Los Angeles LGBT Center. TomboyX, which was founded and run by members of the LGBTQ community, is giving back to the community by releasing the Rainbow Collection. The pieces include all of TomboyX’s classic items, from boy shorts and boxer briefs to racerback bras and unisuits. Ten percent of the sales for the month of June will go to True Colors. For an accessory that truly goes with every outfit you'll wear this month, attach these two pins (together or separately) to your denim jacket, tops, canvas tote and more. Twenty-two percent of the purchase price will be donated to GLSEN, an organization focused on ensuring safe and affirming schools for LGBTQ students. Diesel is releasing its first-ever Pride capsule collection of 20 plus items, from tees and bodysuits to visors and a beach towel. Every piece is vibrantly loud in color and powerful. The brand will make a donation to the Stonewall Inn Gives Back Initiative (SIGBI), a non-profit organization that supports LGBTQ+ social initiatives worldwide.Here's a pair of white sneakers with a dash of pizzazz for Pride thanks to the rainbow heel tabs. The cushioned leather kicks were created in honor of LGBTQ+ equality and as part of the collection, Kenneth Cole has made a donation to the United Nations Foundation in support of UN Free & Equal. Cinq à Sept’s newest collaboration with Saks Fifth Avenue is all about giving back. The brand designed two pieces for Pride, this tie-dye sweatshirt and a unisex Stonewall tee ($95) in honor of the 50th Anniversary of The Stonewall Inn Uprising. Thirty percent of the net proceeds from the capsule collection will be donated to the Stonewall Inn Gives Back Initiative, with a minimum $100,000 donation. To celebrate Pride month, Stutterheim released its signature Stockholm coat with six bold printed stripes to represent the Pride flag. This colorful outerwear will bat away all the rainy day blues and 10 percent of the proceeds from each coat sold will be donated to the Russian LGBT Network. Fossil, in collaboration with the Hetrick-Martin Institute, is launching an exclusive Pride month watch that features a subtle rainbow-themed dial with the the words "Pride 2019" and the HMI logo etched on. It has a rainbow strap and case, which you can buy separately. One hundred percent of the proceeds from the watch case will go to the Hetrick-Martin Institute. (There are only 1,000 cases available, so get one asap.)Let it rain soon, so we can slip into these Hunter rainbow-sole booties. The waterproof Pride Play boot comes just in time for the month of June. In addition to creating this boot (you can get the mens version here), Hunter will celebrate five individuals within the LGBTQI+ community and supporting five charities chosen by each of the ambassadors.Feeling a little chilly in the office? Throw on this "Love Is Love" hoodie. In celebration of Pride, American Eagle is partnering with It Gets Better Project to launch a limited-edition rainbow apparel and accessories collection. One hundred percent of the sales will be donated to the organization. If you're attending any outdoor Pride events, make sure to stay covered in the heat. This bucket hat from the ASOS x GLAAD collab will ensure you rep the occasion in style while also avoiding sunburns. (FYI, their Pride collection has over 50 pierces, so you'll definitely find something you love.) ASOS will be donating 100 percent of all net profits from the collection to GLAAD.  In partnership with GLAAD and OUT Magazine, Express launched its Love Unites campaign last month along with its first-ever Pride capsule collection. The 35-piece collection offers everything from hoodies and tees to tank tops and bodysuits. For a hint of rainbow in your neutral wardrobe, opt for this one stylish one piece, which can be worn with jeans or denim shorts. Express will donate 25 percent of the net income on each item purchase to GLAAD, with a minimum donation of $100,000.For a unisex shirt you can wear every day, scoop up this graphic top from Trina Turk. The brand is giving twenty percent of the proceeds from this tee to The Point Foundation, a college scholarship fund that provides financial aid for lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer individuals in the USA.  Once again, Madewell's limited-edition "Love to All" collection is here for Pride month. The do-good pieces include a bandana, unisex sweatshirt, and a unisex tee featuring Madewell's exclusive rainbow "Love to All" graphic in the shape of a rainbow. You can cozy up in this pullover any day of the month, but especially in June. Fifty percent of the purchase price of each item will go to the Human Rights Campaign, the largest civil rights organization working to ensure LGBTQ people are safe, equal, and free in every community. •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			If it was acceptable to wear a jean jacket every day of my life, I would—it's timeless, goes with everything, and makes the simplest of outfits look that much cooler. (Instead, I'll settle for five out of the seven days.) That said, a fitted jean jacket belongs in every woman's closet, but if you've been afraid to splurge on an oversized one out of fear you won't look put together, allow these 11 stylish options, below, to prove you wrong. I'm currently wearing Free People's Ramona denim trucker as I write this, and it's the comfiest jean jacket I own. Throw it on for the plane ride with a white tee and leggings, and you'll look like you spent the morning getting ready instead of, uh, rushing to your flight. It runs pretty big, so make sure to go down a size.Whether you like it or not, the tie dye trend has returned and you can now proceed to pinch yourself for not saving all of those t-shirts you made at camp. The best part of this roomy jacket besides how Instagrammable it is? Pockets! You and your feed have officially been blessed. Consider DL1961's "Annie" the grown-up cropped jacket. It falls right above the hips, making it ideal to wear to the bar with a high-waisted skirt and crop top. And that red? C'mon. Get yourself a jean jacket that can do both. Madewell's jean jacket treads a thin line between fitted and oversized, which makes it even more of an essential in your capsule wardrobe. A frequent question you'll receive while wearing this distressed denim bad boy: Is that vintage? Take this affordable pick with you to your favorite weekend spots, then lie and say yes.The denim jacket nobody in the office can stop talking about. Prepare yourself for compliments every time you wear the boxy cut, with chic wide sleeves. It's currently 40 percent off!Behold: A hoodie denim jacket from none other than the queen of jeans, Levi. You'll look like a layering pro with the built-in red drawstring sweater that adds a little edge to your look. Throw it on for a day of errands...or the couch. What more could you possibly ask for?Summer called, and it wants you to wear your white jean jacket. A white jacket will always be the most versatile of the bunch for how clean and polished it looks with any outfit. A white jean jacket and shorts? Great. A white jean jacket and maxi dress? Even better.A great lightwash denim jacket is a tough find, but Topshop's "bleach wash" does the job, and will look excellent with a pair of dad sneakers. Don't be afraid to go denim-on-denim, as the model does here. If you're willing to splurge, look no further than Balenciaga's soft white denim jacket with a tie-waist and relaxed shoulders. Throw it over a slip dress for a night out with girlfriends.Feel light and airy in this jean jacket thanks to its embroidered flowers and gingham-lined collar. It'll feel like that special statement piece even if you wear it every other day during spring and summer. Trust. •••  For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I do...to these rings.Sparkly diamond solitaires on white gold bands are gorgeous, but they're not always to everyone's taste. And if you're on the hunt for an engagement ring from another era or featuring a different stone, may I suggest starting with a quick browse on Etsy? The marketplace offers jewelry featuring black diamonds and pearls, moissanite and topaz, and more. The options are endless and one-of-a-kind (most are handmade and are offered in limited quantities). The seller might be from Ohio, or your ring could just as easily be shipped from New Zealand. Purchase one of the rings ahead or use this as a jumping-off point to create something that's uniquely you.Opt for a Pinterest-worthy opal ring with three sparkly diamonds on each side. This particular Ethiopian opal displays a variety of colors like green, red, white, and yellow, depending on the lighting and angles. You'll never get bored of the changing hues. If you want the opal to be a certain color, though, you have that option too. Pair with this matching crown band.PSA: Non-traditional couples, prepare to fall head over heels for this ring. The center stone is a rustic salt and pepper diamond while the surrounding pieces are white diamonds, giving this 14k rose gold ring a unique look. For those who prefer something a little darker and more rustic looking, this engagement ring is perfect. If you really want something different, go for an uncut diamond ring. This 2.5 carat raw uncut diamond is set in a 14k rose gold band. What it lacks in sparkles it makes up for in character, thanks to the bumps and grooves in the stone. This ring is for the bride who wants to break away from the group with a piece that is truly one of a kind.This handmade ring, featuring Colombian emerald baguette cuts next to sparkling diamond tapered baguettes, dates back to the 1970s. The juxtaposition of the two colors and shapes create an artistic display, giving this ring a very dynamic and special feel. This is the kind of piece you'll want to pass down from generation to generation. Search no further for the prettiest art deco style ring. For those unfamiliar with the term, art deco takes its name from the Exposition Internationale des Arts Décoratifs et Industriels Modernes (the International Exposition of Modern Decorative and Industrial Arts). In short: the particular jewelry style rose out of an art movement during the 1920s in France. Art deco designs are defined by graphic, linear and geometric lines, which this diamond ring certainly has.Channel your inner Blair Waldorf with a ruby ring (remember when the Gossip Girl character received one as a present from Nate Archibald?). This one features a diamond halo and is set in a 14k rose gold band, all fancy details that turn it into a stunning engagement ring. Your outfits will now have a little pop of red wherever you go. I'm drawn to the branch shape of this moissanite ring's band; it almost looks like the stone is being swallowed up. It's equal parts fantastical (I can see someone wearing this in Maleficent) and wearable. If you want to stand out from the crowd, slip this on your fingers asap. Love to wear all black? Consider getting a black diamond engagement ring instead of the more common clear. This oval cut one is set on a sparkly diamond band and surrounded by 205 round diamonds. Though the center stone is dark, all the surrounding shiny diamonds around it give it a glow. This ring embodies a night sky littered with stars. The unique quality of this ring comes thanks to the three overlapping bands. In the center is a baguette cut diamond, though you can pick the stone you want when you place your order. Each one is handmade to your liking, ensuring no one else will have a the same. Topaz comes from a Sanskrit word "tapas," which means fire or heat. (It's also an island in the Red Sea, now known as Zabargad, and the mineral topaz was first mined there.) Those who wear topaz are said to be blessed with beauty, intelligence, and a long life. If this all sounds great to you, you'll definitely want this topaz diamond halo engagement ring on your finger. This ring design is also available with multiple different gemstone and diamond options.Drawing inspiration from Blake Lively's engagement ring, this piece features a stunning champagne-colored sapphire solitaire set on a thin diamond band made of 14k rose gold. The stone itself is 3.2 carats with an oval/cushion cut. You'll feel like a star once you slip this baby on. This Canadian-sourced diamond weighs 2.41 carats and has natural tones of gray and silver. The color and geometric shape give it a unique character while the 14k yellow gold band give it a more traditional engagement ring look. Style with any of the stacking bands here.Aquamarine, which is also called blue beryl, conjures images of lakes and the sea. The color symbolizes courage and communication (qualities necessary in any relationship) and creates a calm feeling for the wearer. Draw on the nature spirit of this engagement ring with a laurel ivy leaf band.For the minimalists, this "Giovanna" ring has a gentle and delicate look. Though it might look delicate, it's actually plenty sturdy. The angelic ring features an Akoya pearl on top of tiny diamonds while the band can be made of 14k/18k gold or platinum (also available in rose gold, yellow gold and white gold).This princess cut square engagement ring is surrounded by a celestial-inspired halo of diamonds. There's nothing simple about this style, which makes it suitable for those who are looking for an intricate ring. Pro tip: Go for a simpler band to let this piece really shine on its own.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Race you to the checkout line.Friday is usually my favorite day of the week, but Tuesday isn't looking so bad right now. Net-a-Porter just launched its flash sale a.k.a. things will only be on sale for 24 hours and you can shop up to 60 percent off (!!). On top of that, if you write "EXTRA15" in the promo code section at checkout, you get an even further discount. Because we at Marie Claire love shoes, we rounded up some of the footwear our own editors are eyeing from the sale. Shop them all, below. We'll race you to the checkout line."I'm always looking for the perfect summer slide that will last more than one season and that I won't get sick of. This Mansur Gavriel pair are perfect for everything from my own summer wedding weekend to my friend's annual backyard grilling fest."—Sally Holmes, Digital Director "I love Tabitha Simmons and I love Johanna Ortiz, so when the two of them got together to create a shoe, like this beautiful flat right here, I definitely love and want it. The yellow is perfect for dressing up a casual summer outfit yet feels also appropriate to wear with black jeans when autumn arrives."—Marina Liao, Fashion News Editor"It's not like I need another black bootie to crowd my closet full of black booties, but I'll take another pair with fluted heels. I'm admittedly intrigued by eccentric-shaped heels because it elevates the look of everything."—Maya Allen, Beauty Editor"Oh. My. God. These. Loafers. Pretty enough for nighttime, sleek enough to wear to work, sparkly enough to jazz up any outfit, and comfy? I've found my dream shoe. They're 50% off, down from $650. It's a sign. I'm hovering over the "Add to shopping bag" button as we speak."—Jenny Hollander, Deputy Digital Editor"The skinny heel. The embellished buckles. This, friends, is a party shoe. Catch me completing the outfit with an oversize white button-up, teeny shorts, and a Negroni."—Taylore Glynn, Associate Beauty Editor"These kitten heel pumps look pretty traditional in some respects, but the breezy shredded cutout is just edgy enough to draw the eye.  Perfect to look zingy and fresh on a sweltering summer day."—Bridget Burns, Photo Editor"I walk a lot and am most comfortable in a stacked heel. These shoes are the perfect mix of support, height, and a little bit of edge. There are a variety of options, but I’m really feeling the snake print since it can go with both light and dark outfits."—Krystyna Chávez, Social Media Editor "These are such an elegant take on a classic white mule; the added strap across the arch of the foot and the unique heel shape make them stand out. The best part is they really go with everything. I would wear them all summer into fall with a prairie dress or simple jeans and a top!"—Morgan McMullen, Designer		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			That's what I call a plot twist. Last year, Gigi Hadid stunned the crowd in a multicolored catsuit at the CFDA Awards. This year, she's switching things up; Gigi arrived on the pink carpet in a more subdued blue outfit. The oversize ensemble consisted of a long blazer and a pleated skirt-meets-trousers set. Though the look was a lot more demure than her past red-carpet outfits, the novelty piece was definitely her mishmash of bottoms. Her creation, of course, was from Louis Vuitton and its menswear designer Virgil Abloh accompanied Gigi on the carpet. Abloh is known for his deconstructed designs and pushing the boundaries of his garments. (In addition to designing for LV, Abloh also runs his own popular line Off-White.) To complete her outfit, Gigi added one last eye-catching piece, a sash/crossbody bag of some sort with two giant pouches. (No word yet if they can unzip to reveal snacks.) She also wore Yeezy shoes and Lorraine Schwartz jewelry.Meanwhile, Gigi's sister Bella Hadid arrived separately with Michael Kors. The younger of the Hadid siblings wore a plunging neckline black gown by the American designer. Once inside, the sisters joined a bevy of designers, models, and other stars for a glamorous night in fashion filled with food and award presentations. If you haven't seen all the red carpet looks from the CFDAs, check them out here.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Fashion's queen of the night is here.Jennifer Lopez is receiving the Fashion Icon award at the CFDAs tonight, so you can count on her lighting up the red pink carpet. The star arrived arm in arm with fiancé  Alex Rodriguez to the Brooklyn Museum, where the event is being held. For the occasion, J.Lo wore a shimmery long-sleeve crop top and a flowing red skirt. The dramatic train swept the ground with each step she took. The two-piece ensemble was from Ralph Lauren and looked amazing on the singer.The outfit hugged her figure and even showed off her abs in the process. Cardi B would be proud. (If you remember, Cardi had her own ab-tastic moment at the Billboard Music Awards earlier this year.) J.Lo spoke briefly with June Ambrose on the red carpet, saying, "You know, I love fashion...To be here tonight amongst all these designers and to be honored...it's a dream. I am super excited." The singer even gave a sweet shout out to her look's designer, Ralph Lauren, noting that both of them are Bronx natives and said, "It's all about the Bronx tonight."J.Lo owned the pink carpet tonight. And her Twitter fans agree.the QUEEN closing down the carpet 👑 @JLo 👑Get allllllll of the #CFDAAwards GIFs on the official @CFDA GIPHY channel!https://t.co/nJS5kz5jjQ pic.twitter.com/UWoQuBIjJSOMGGGGGGG!!! #CFDA @JLo 💃🏻 pic.twitter.com/QaujWPHjGCThe Latin Queen #JLo has arrived at the #CFDA awards to accept her award for Fashion Icon! @JLo @CFDA pic.twitter.com/jI1g3MJLuzFor more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Everyone wins best dressed, TBH.The Met Gala was just the first of fashion's big nights this season. This evening, the stars are all headed to the CFDA Fashion Awards in Brooklyn, where Jennifer Lopez and Barbie are among the icons being honored this year. Designers from Brandon Maxwell to Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen are nominated for awards, and so many celebs have shown up to support the people behind the outfits and accessories they wear out. Here, all the best looks from tonight's red carpet.In Ralph Lauren, Harry Winston jewelryIn Louis Vuitton, Yeezy Shoes, Lorraine Schwartz jewelryIn Jonathan SimkhaiIn Vera WangIn Michael Kors, Gianvito Rossi shoes, and Lorraine Schwartz jewelryIn Pyer MossIn MonseIn PartowIn Brandon MaxwellIn Monique Lhuillier, Sanjay Kasliwal earringsIn Christian SirianoIn a Hellessy outfit, Tabitha Simmons shoesIn The Elder Statesman, Balenciaga shoesIn KhaiteIn DVFIn Christian Siriano, Lorraine Schwartz jewelryIn Kate Spade In Kate SpadeIn Jason Wu, Stuart Weitzman shoesIn Angelys BalekHilary in all Rebecca MinkoffFrom: ELLE US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			An investigation.You might have heard—the Trumps have touched down in London for their official UK state visit. One of their very first stops is, of course, to see Queen Elizabeth and the rest of the royal family, and on Monday night they all enjoyed a banquet together. The banquet is being held at Buckingham Palace, and is being attended by around 150 guests, including Prince Charles, Prince William, and Kate Middleton. Prince Charles and Camilla were one of the firsts to greet President Donald Trump and Melania, along with Queen Elizabeth, and they all took a photo in the ballroom of Buckingham Palace.The group all wore coordinating white outfits, with the men in black-and-white tuxes while the women all wore white dresses. Melania paired her floor-length gown with white gloves, as did the Queen herself. Kate Middleton was later spotted on her way to the event, also wearing a white dress.It's interesting to note that all the women decided to rock the neutral hue, as the dress code for the white-tie affair did not specify that one had wear all white. Traditionally, white tie just calls for women to be in a long gown, while men should be in a full tuxedo including a white bow tie. (For example, Birgitte, Duchess of Gloucester, and British PM Theresa May wore blue and black, respectively.) Perhaps the royals coordinated with Melania Trump on wearing white as a courteous move? After all, the color is smart and elegant for formal affairs. "I agree it would appear as if there was an agreement that all the royal woman would wear white and Melania was advised to do the same, but I really think it is a coincidence," said MarieClaire.com's exclusive royal wedding expert and British bridal designer, Caroline Castigliano. "The royals often wear white to the state banquets and I wonder if this is partly to show off their sashes. Kate wore her blue sash tonight for the first time that symbolizes her role as a member of the Royal Victorian Order."The irony of everyone wearing all white isn't lost on political watchers; the color has been used by different groups as a form of protest. During President Trump's State of Union address in February, many Democratic congresswomen wore white, the color adopted by the suffragist movement, to pay homage to that and their fight for women's rights. (The Trump administration is currently threatening the very existence of Roe v. Wade.) In addition, Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez made a sartorial statement by wearing a white suit to her 116th Congress swearing-in ceremony. And going even further back, Hillary Clinton wore white to Trump's inauguration. It should be noted that the Obamas also wore white when they attended a state banquet with the Queen in 2011...so maybe everyone just loves this hue for royal parties?Counterpoint: Melania and Camilla also wore white for a daytime excursion prior to the banquet itself. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Two words: heels and sequins.In a bi-weekly series, we're interviewing female executives, founders, CEOs—basically, boss ladies—on their one "power suit" a.k.a. the outfit they wear every day for easy dressing to conquer whatever the job throws at them.What do Emma Stone, Michael B. Jordan, the NFL, and Fortnite have in common? They're all represented by Endeavor, a global entertainment, sports, and content company that counts IMG (they rep models Bella Hadid and Joan Smalls and run events like New York Fashion Week) and the Miss Universe Organization in its portfolio. Endeavor also owns Endeavor Global Marketing, whose varied client list includes Audi, Marriott, and Visa, as well as the Professional Bull Riders.If your mind is already like whoa, information overload, same. For Endeavor's Chief Marketing Officer Bozoma Saint John, however, pivoting and juggling is her normal. Saint John has a pulse on every branch of the business because she manages the marketing strategy and vision for each of the clients in Endeavor's portfolio. Her background at companies like Uber (she was chief brand officer) and Apple (where she was head of global consumer marketing) have set her up to conquer her current role as CMO and, as she tells me, "I really consider myself a connoisseur of pop culture."But this doesn't mean Saint John finds keeping up with all the information easy. One of the hardest parts about her job is trying to be in many places simultaneously. "For this job, you have to understand what is happening in the box office, while also knowing what the biggest songs on the charts are, while also understanding the scores from the bull rides or knowing what's happening with the pageants," she says with a laugh. "I've always grown up as a curious person, but now it's constantly having to be in the know not simply out of curiosity but because it is part of my role. I perform better with the more information I have."When Saint John isn't busy, mentally or physically—she's traveling for business every week—she spends time with her 10-year-old daughter and books non-business travel (particularly for birthdays). I caught up with Saint John to ask her more about life, including her daughter, her daily routine, and how she dresses for her high-profile role. This #bosslady actually does everything in heels."My daily routine changes because I travel so much, but there are some philosophical things that never change. Whether I am running to the airport or running to take my daughter to school, I always pray in the morning to center myself. It helps me get ready for the day. No matter where I am, I check in with my daughter to see how she is, what she's doing. On top of that, I work out so I can get my body in the same place that my mind is. After an hour and half or so of time to myself, I'll then check into emails and work-related things. I give myself a chance to really get into my own day, to set my purpose, before engaging myself in something that someone else wants from me."  "I don’t plan my outfits. Every morning I look at my closet and I wear whatever is going to make me feel the most powerful that day. Sometimes it's denim, sometimes it's a blazer, sometimes it's sequins—it depends on what I want to say. Whatever I put on that day though, my outfit is definitely my armor.If I am traveling, here's the big secret: No matter how long I am gone for, I never check a bag. I bring a carry-on suitcase and a duffle bag that I stuff my purse into, which allows for a little more space. I'm a stiletto-type of girl, so I must have two pairs of stilettos in there. Usually it's a gold pair and some other color, which can be anything because I consider a leopard to be a basic, so sometimes it's that.  My other trick is to pack things that can be worn twice, like a leather jacket you can wear indoors so you can simply change out the top underneath, therefore it feels like a different look every time you wear it. I also pack top or pants that I can wash in the sink, so I can quickly hang dry it and wear again. Roll everything up in your suitcase to save space.""The one consistent thing I wear are my stiletto heels. I love my Christian Louboutins, but really any shoe that is bright or has a pattern. I am almost 6 feet tall, when I put on those 4 extra inches, I'm now 6'4 and I'm towering. That makes me feel powerful. I don’t hunch down or feel the need to come down to anyone's level. Everyone else can rise up towards me. I also just like the sound of a heel. I like walking down the hallway and people can hear me coming. It’s like, beware!If there's ever a week that goes by where I haven't worn sequins, it's a sad week. Last week I wore gold sequins and leather, today I'm wearing leather, and I'll probably wear sequins before the end of this week. [Laughs.] I like sequin tops a lot because they make a statement and can be worn under leather jacket. I like the contrast between looking like you're going to a black tie function and a BBQ at the same time.I also wear a lot of African prints, like Ghanaian designs, which may not seem to be in the 'corporate handbook,' but I love it.   Also, this may not be a piece of clothing, but I'm definitely wearing lipstick before I walk out of the house, usually a red or bright pink. My nail game is also popping, because I love nail art. I work with an artist who comes to my house and we sit and talk about the design, which she hand paints. It's very therapeutic and my form of self-care. My nails are always done."  Because culture.  #officewear #bringyourwholeselftowork #representationmatters (👗: @beedagelboutique)A post shared by  Bozoma Saint John (@badassboz) on Jul 12, 2017 at 11:14am PDT"Feminine, bold, and probably bright.""I use this as a hashtag all the time: #watchmework. You can be a spectator and simply watch me or, if you've ever doubted me, I'm really going to show you something."For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I'm all about the floral bucket hat.When packing for the beach, hats are crucial—both for your look and to protect you from the sun. If you still haven't found a hat to your liking or in your price range, however, let's try another option: Amazon. After all, you can find some amazing white t-shirts on there, not to mention work totes. So there's hope the perfect hat awaits you, for less than $20. I perused a ton of hats on the marketplace, and I selected the best ones, ahead, based on style, function, price, and reviews. Since the only other thing you have to go on are photos, other people's testaments are super important when deciding between two or three styles. Before you even think about laying out in the sun this season, make sure you're armed with one of the hat options below. Don't forget about the sunscreen, too.Hat boxes are inconvenient when you're trying to travel light, so pick a hat that's easily foldable and won't crease. This one has been suitcase-approved and comes in nine different colors. One reviewer even wore this into the water and the cotton material survived getting wet, a plus when you want to embrace those ocean waves. The accessory can be dressed up or down too with the swap of a bikini for a cute dress like this one.  This unisex panama hat is made from recycled paper instead of straw for all you eco-friendly shoppers. It has a Velcro inner band, so the fit is adjustable, while the woven material allows for moisture to escape, thus keeping your head cool. It's also water resistant, so if a splash of water gets on it while you're on the boat, it'll still remain intact.This reversible bucket hat has two sides, a printed one like this one with daisies, and an inner black lining. The navy floral print has a retro vibe like the hats spotted at 3.1 Phillip Lim and cost just $11 compared to its more luxe designer counterparts. With over 22 colors and prints to select from, you won't have trouble finding the best one for your summer wardrobe. This extra wide brim visor won't make a huge fashion statement, but won't embarrass you either on the beach. It's perfect for those looking for something functional a.k.a. a hat that will keep their face free of redness and sunburns. Reviewers said this hat is super comfortable—it even comes with a detachable chin strap for windy days. This floppy hat has a cute little phrase written across the brim for those who love being OOO. It'll hold its shape because of the harder material and comes in a variety of colors, though I find black to be the most versatile. One note: this hat seems to be suited for people with smaller heads and less hair.If you like your hat design understated, stripes are the way to go. This one comes in a soft pink as to not overwhelm your bikini at the beach. It has both a chin strap (don't fret about your hat tumbling across the sand ever again) and an adjustable drawstring built in to help you find the best fit. The best part about this straw hat is definitely the fringed hatband, which adds an interesting detail to the accessory while still matching with most of your outfits. According to a reviewer, the hat is also "lightweight, packable and folds easily without damage to the integrity of the hat." Given the short brim, this accessory won't provide too much face coverage but will look great on the 'gram. The cutout at the top of this hat is best for those who want their hair to get some sun, but not their face. The hole allows heat to escape from your head too on super hot days. Though the hat is easily packable, some reviewers have said fold marks do appear and it might not hold up well against the wind. I've been on the hunt for a plain white bucket hat and, not surprisingly, found one on Amazon. This one has a frayed edge for extra design effect and can easily be folded away into your work tote once you arrive to the office. Style with this striped dress.This hat works for both the beach and for that outdoor wedding you're going to. The scarf can be switched out for fancier occasions (I prefer my hat sans scarf at the beach) to match whatever you're wearing and the brim is neither too wide nor too small. It's durable, thin, light, and perfectly floppy. •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She nailed it. Last night, Shailene Woodley joined the cast of Big Little Lies to celebrate season 2 of the show in New York City. For the special occasion, Woodley chose a black Dior dress that featured a bodysuit underneath a layer of tulle and mesh material. The sheer dress was reminiscent of one Bella Hadid wore recently, though Woodley had long sleeves with a dotted print. The actress paired the dress with Christian Louboutin black pumps.In short, she looked amazing. The self-proclaimed "hippie" definitely stole the spotlight on the red carpet and looked like a glamorous Hollywood movie star. Her costar Laura Dern also seemed to pick up on the sheer memo, opting for a see-through blouse underneath a white blazer. The duo stood arm in arm with the rest of the BLL cast while smiling and posing for the cameras. (So cute!) At one point, Woodley even took off her black heels to dance inside:Season 2 of Big Little Lies will premiere on HBO June 9 and here's what to expect (pssst: Meryl Streep!!).For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Get your coins together, girls. Rihanna has spent the last few years deep in her entrepreneurial bag. First, it was Fenty x Puma. Then came Fenty Beauty. After that, Savage X Fenty. Now, with the recent launch of her luxury fashion line Fenty, there is no doubt that, borrowing from the iconic baddie anthem "So Hard" from Rated R, "that Rihanna reign just won't let up."The 31-year-old's latest business venture, Fenty, is groundbreaking in more ways than one; Rihanna's deal with luxury fashion conglomerate LVMH makes her the first black woman ever in the group's history to run one of its brands. It's definitely weird that we're still having to celebrate firsts in this day age and age, but if anyone is capable of breaking down barriers, it's our favorite bad gal. Fenty made its debut early last week at a pop-up boutique in Paris and was well-received by both fashion enthusiasts and the Navy (Rih's über-passionate stans) alike, stunning everyone with its unique, fashion-forward statement pieces that scream "cool af" without trying too hard—just like Rihanna. Rihanna cited the work of Kwame Braithwaite, a Brooklyn photographer known for his contribution to the "black is beautiful" movement of the 1960s, as a source of inspiration for her luxury line. The movement, which sought to broaden the standard of beauty to include the kinks and coils of black hair and the varied hues of black skin, really spoke to Rihanna as she conceptualized the launch for this collection.  Kwame Brathwaite. archive.A post shared by  badgalriri (@badgalriri) on May 29, 2019 at 4:06am PDT"When I was coming up with the concept for this release, we were just digging and digging, and we came up with these images," the beauty and fashion mogul shared with British Vogue. "They made me feel they were relevant to what we are doing right now." And rightfully so; almost all of Rihanna's business ventures have the shared ethos of inclusion, so it makes sense that she was moved by Braithwaithe's work. The first release of the line, Release 5-19, includes fashionable oversized blazers and structured mini dresses as well as a variety of eye-catching accessories such as some very ostentatious sunglasses and jewelry that is literally dripping with Swarovski crystals. There's more to come—new products will be added to the website every few weeks—but from what we've seen on the website so far, Fenty is everything!Below, some of our absolute must-haves from the first offerings of the luxury line.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			On the heels of the recent debate over abortion, Gucci's Creative Director Alessandro Michele chose to make his own statement in support of women's reproductive rights. He did that with his cruise 2020 collection, the runway show for which took place in Rome's Capitoline Museums. The designer sent down several bold pieces on the runway, which included a dress with a uterus embroidered on it and a blazer that read "My Body My Choice." His show was all about freedom, equality, and, of course, the right to choose. See the entire cruise collection ahead, including the statement pieces, then check out Marie Claire's Instagram for more Gucci resort content.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here).		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Just throw it on and go. Remember last week how you stood in front of your closet for a full 10 minutes only to walk out the door in the same jeans you wore the week before? Yup, same. Mornings are rough when you’re that girl who’s 15 minutes late to everything. That’s why I have a go-to uniform: the jumpsuit. It’s my secret weapon (or no-so-secret, since they’re so beloved) for a one-and-done outfit, especially in the summer. To go the extra mile, accessorize with some cool sunglasses or a bag. Shop the season's cutest, breeziest jumpsuits, ahead.I’m saving this blush-colored belted jumpsuit for all my post-work happy hour functions. It's easy to move in and appropriate for work if you layer a cami underneath to conceal the plunging neckline. Pair with a little kitten heel, so your feet doesn't tire out by EOD.For the days you don’t feel like dressing up at all, there’s this plissé-satin jumpsuit that looks great with heels or booties. It has a relaxed fit and an elasticated waist to help define your figure. If you're planning to rock it at work, throw a blazer over it. This Stella McCartney denim jumpsuit combines two of the season's biggest trends: boiler suits and tie-dye. It's made from pure denim and has many pockets for holding chapstick, money, etc. Kaia Gerber wore this exact look on the spring 2019 runway with a pair of delicate beige sandals, if you need footwear inspo.Submit your pre-order now for this printed jumpsuit, so you'll be one of the first to receive it. It'll look great styled with a cropped denim jacket and sandals. Wear the sweet one piece to all those day drinking events you've RSVP'd to.“I don’t like wearing color,” you say. May we present this striking red jumpsuit with asymmetrical shoulder straps to convince you otherwise. Part of Michelle Mason's resort 2019 collection, this satin one piece is stretchy in all the right places and perfect for more formal affairs.For your quintessential everyday summer jumpsuit, I recommend this Topshop one piece. The sweetheart neckline and cutout details add uniqueness to an otherwise plain black jumpsuit while a cropped hem allows you to show off your full-of-personality shoes.The kind of great-for-any-event summer jumpsuit that will easily become a wardrobe staple. Beware: This is a piece your sister will probably sneak from your closet and never return. (I'm watching you, sis!)Think of your favorite pair of yoga pants. Now imagine if you could turn that into a jumpsuit for your entire body. I present to you this Le Fou Wilfred one piece, which has the same level of comfort and formfitting capabilities as your beloved bottoms. If you're still searching for a cute gingham piece for summer, scoop up this Tanya Taylor jumpsuit. It's cropped at the ankles so you can show off your strappy sandals and has adorable bow details on the front to reveal a slight peek of skin. For a sportier move, wear with chunky sneakers.You're feeling fierce. You're feeling sexy. Might I suggest this leopard-spotted jumpsuit with a fully opened back for you? It'll wow everyone in the room as soon as you make your entrance at that rooftop bar. Cue the flirty vibes all night long. I have my eye on this strapless Zimmermann one piece for all the summer soirées I'm attending. This airy linen jumpsuit is designed for romantic occasions, whether that be an engagement party or a backyard wedding. Wear with your most delicate summer heels.You know puffy sleeves are in for this season, so work it into a jumpsuit. This off-the-shoulder style highlights your collar bones and won't give you crazy tan lines. Wear with a pair of espadrille sandals if you're planning to bring this one piece on vacation. Ulla Johnson pieces are crafted with meticulous attention to the details (see this jumpsuit). The wide leg style has a polka dot design in addition to an intricate blooming embroidery and beadwork along the front placket. Sexy crisscross straps in back complete the garment. In love with stripes? Then you’ll want this playful Mes Demoiselles one-piece, which features button a plunging neckline and flared hem. Style it with a leather jacket to add some edge.Give 'em retro vibes with this polka dot print. The updated silhouette keeps things modern. The neutral palette serves as a base for you to step it up on colorful accessories like a red bag for summer. Master the utilitarian look with this one piece. Zip it all the way up for a modest look or half-way down to expose your bralette.When you want to feel your most feminine, slip into something by Rebecca Taylor. My personal fav right now is this jumpsuit, which has a ruffle trim and vibrant pink floral print. It can easily be worn to your BFF's bridal shower or to the office. Feeling artsy? Pick up this jumpsuit with a swirling pattern. The design reminds me of contemporary art hanging in the galleries of lower east side Manhattan. Wear with sneakers and a crossbody woven bag.When function meets style, you get the denim overall. This bustier-style jumpsuit can be easily layered over collared shirt or simple tee. If you feel like showing some skin, though, skip all that and let the cutouts do the talking.For the minimalist ladies out there, this white jumpsuit allows you to layer on all the bright accessories you've been saving for summer. Add pops of red, yellow, or even orange to take the outfit to the next level.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"My Body My Choice."Anti-choice laws are sweeping America, affecting states like Alabama, Kentucky, Georgia, and more. For Gucci's creative director Alessandro Michele, it was time to make a bold statement: Gucci's cruise 2020 collection was all about women's reproductive rights, with messages both implicit and explicit.Michele sent several pieces down the runway that spoke out against those trying to restrict women's reproductive rights. First, there was a blue jacket with a feminist slogan from the '70s that read "My Body My Choice," then a white long-sleeve dress with a bright red uterus embroidered on it. Michele also paid homage to Italy's own abortion law with outfits that read "May 22, 1978" —the date abortion was legalized in the country."It’s unbelievable that around the world there are still people who believe that they can control a woman’s body, a woman’s choice. I will always stand behind the freedom of being, always," said Michele to WWD. "The only world that I can imagine is a world where every single person can be who they would like to be, without any sort of restriction or judgement." ‘My Body My Choice’ is a feminist slogan from the 70s which appears on the reverse of this jacket seen before the #GucciCruise20 fashion show by @alessandro_michele. This piece echoes the Creative Director’s continuing vision of freedom, equality and self-expression. Since founding @chimeforchange in 2013—the global campaign that represents and advocates for gender equality—@gucci has a longstanding commitment to women and girls by funding projects around the world to support sexual and reproductive rights, maternal health, and the freedom of individual choice. Learn more about the global partners for sexual and family health rights the campaign is donating to in 2019, which can be found in @chimeforchange’s link in bio. @museiincomuneroma #AlessandroMichele #MuseiCapitoliniA post shared by  Gucci (@gucci) on May 28, 2019 at 11:47am PDTIn addition to voicing his thoughts for freedom and equality, the brand founded and is part of CHIME FOR CHANGE, a global campaign aimed to "convene, unite and strengthen the voices speaking out for girls and women around the world, with a focus on using innovative approaches to raise funds and awareness for Education, Health and Justice projects." On the runway, Michele paid tribute to this with a yellow shirt that read "Chime."The show was held in Rome's Capitoline Museums and front row guests who witnessed this powerful moment from the runway include Salma Hayek, Zoe Saldana, Elton John,Naomi Campbell, and A$AP Rocky. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Her jacket featured the words 'Champion', 'Goddess', and 'Mother'.In May of 2018, Serena Williams made a highly anticipated return to the tennis world at the French Open, and marked the moment by wearing a sports catsuit, which she and her fans proudly dubbed as the “superhero” outfit. But, despite being designed to aid in Serena’s recovery from a tough pregnancy, the practical one-piece was later banned from future tournaments.Fans were up in arms regarding the questionable decision, but the tennis superstar’s own response to the debacle was simple and dignified. Soon, Nike showed their support for Serena and supported the end to the policing of women’s bodies. A tweet by the sports brand stated: "You can take the superhero out of her costume, but you can never take away her superpowers.”Fast forward a year, and Serena is still quietly fighting back against the decision in the most fierce yet graceful way. Having blurred the lines between sports and fashion ever since, the 37-year-old mother of one took to the 2019 French Open in another chic, sporting style statement. Arriving at the Roland Garros stadium in Paris, Serena showed off a fierce cape-style jacket, boldly emblazoned with the words “Champion,” “Queen,” “Goddess,” and “Mother” in French. Honestly, it'll make you want to punch the air and shout "YES."For the all-important match against Russia’s Vitalia Diatchenko, Serena also unveiled a custom, matching, black and white two-piece design, taken from a Nike collaboration with designer Virgil Abloh. It’s arguably her best court look yet—both practical and chic with a crop top shape and frilled skirt over shorts. Let the Roland Garros begin. Here is my French Open look designed by @virgilabloh and @nike.A post shared by  Serena Williams (@serenawilliams) on May 26, 2019 at 6:00am PDTNot only did Serena win in the style stakes, but she also won her first round match. And that’s how you do it.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			But there's a whole second outfit underneath. Now that Sophie Turner has finally ditched the heavy Winterfell cloaks and surprisingly meaningful redhead braids for good, the actress has kindly turned her attention to providing constant style inspiration for us folks outside of Westeros. With Game of Thrones all wrapped up, Sophie is now on the promo road for her latest movie, X-Men: Dark Phoenix, and Monday night saw her hit the red carpet in South Korea.And, when it comes to show-stopping outfits, was there ever a better excuse to pull out a nearly-naked look than when you’re celebrating being the telepathic, telekinetic badass female lead in an X-Men movie? I think not. In tribute to Jean Grey, Sophie suitably stuck with the color scheme of her character’s name in a grey, silver, black and white look, wearing a totally see-through glittering chainmail dress by Louis Vuitton. The statement piece, straight outta the label’s recent resort 2020 show, featured a high neck complete with zippers, alongside a cinched waist and statement ruffled cuffs, complete with a healthy amount of glittering embellishment. While it would be a risky look all by itself (and you know there’s celebs out there who’d do it), Sophie kept things a little more PG by wearing a whole second outfit underneath—a matching striped bracelet and mini skirt set, which was also seen styled similarly on the recent LV catwalk. The daring look, which Sophie snapped up an entire year ahead of its release, was contrasted with totally effortless, barely there beauty, pairing wet look, slicked back hair with simple, immaculate eyeliner and fresh skin. Those blonde bangs didn't last long, huh?It's a little unexpected if you look back at the early Game of Thrones days, but this one is quickly becoming the ultimate cool girl fashion icon of 2019. You could say it's almost like… a phoenix… rising from the ashes...For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			These are not your average gym shoes. Even in peak pedicure season, sometimes our feet just need a vacation from sandals sans arch support. Comfortable, spongy sneakers are the answer—but it's not ideal to throw on just any pair of old running shoes. Whether they have a cool cutout design or a splash of feminine florals, your new kicks should feel comfortable and also look amazing. Here, a look at the comfiest, coolest, most breathable summer sneakers to wear even on the warmest days. The best part? You don't have to spend a fortune. Fans of espadrille wedges will love the flatter, more walkable version: the espadrille sneaker. This is the quintessential combo for summer because it combines two easy-to-wear styles, giving us the perfect warm-weather shoe like this kick from Dolce Vita. It'll pair nicely with your summer slip dress or floral maxi skirt. Given that tie-dye is taking over our wardrobes for the season, it's only appropriate the pattern is now on our shoes too. This sherbet-colored sneaker will add that much-needed pop of color to any white outfit. This fashion-forward sneaker from Marni not only has ventilation for your feet, but is cushioned as well. The rubber soles provide good traction as you walk and laces ensure your feet won't slip out should someone accidentally step on the back of your heels.This sneaker comes in seven different colors, though I like this burgundy and cream combination the best. The lightweight sneaker is made from a stretchy mesh material that adapts to the shape of your feet, and it has elastic straps so you don't have to worry about laces. You won't need socks for these mesh platform sneakers. The well-ventilated design keeps your feet cool as you walk. A thicker sole makes the kicks wearable if you decide to walk around the city—it is a nice day to take in the sun after all. For a pair of sweet and whimsical sneakers, slip into this floral pair from Coach. The mismatch of vintage blossoms create a stunning color-blocked design and reminds me of different flower patches in my grandma's garden. Since the shoe is already so busy, keep your outfit simple on top.This is probably one of the most stylish pairs of slingback sneakers I've seen. The shoe almost resembles pop art, so it'll definitely catch your coworkers' eyes (in a good way) at the office. Give your feet a pair from those hard sandals and slip into this baby.A pair of sneakers you can easily turn into a backless mule, sort of. The heel folds down so you can wear it sans socks if you want to give your feet some breathing room. The convertible style is already popular with slides, so hop on the trend with sneakers.  The coloring of this shoe reminds me of my favorite summer things: iced matcha lattes, grass, limes for my mezcal, etc. The leather sneaker is a great spring to summer shoe simply because of the color and velcro straps made for easy wearing. It has perforated details at the toe for breathability and a chunky rubber sole with the label's signature face detail at the heel.If you're not completely sold on mesh sneakers yet, try a perforated look. This Rag & Bone shoe is your elevated version of a see-through sneaker, but more interesting to look at than any plain ol' kicks. Show them off with a pair of cropped jeans. Skip the laces altogether for a slip-on floral sneaker. Wear this for a mood boast around the office with jeans or a dress. The super affordable shoe will quickly become your go-to pick for this season. •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Buying a Father's Day gift doesn't have to be complicated—just think about what he's been subtly hinting at for the last three years, then proceed to order him the t-shirt he didn't ask for but "looks way better than what he wears now!" (I kid, I kid.) In all seriousness, there are plenty of gifts out there that he'll love, even if he "doesn't want anything this year." If you're cutting it close to June 16, sign up for Amazon Prime for super-fast shipping, then get all of the Father's Day gift inspo you need with our roundup of cool gifts for dad on Amazon, below. Put it this way: How you feel seeing everyone on the street wearing a pair of AirPods (...except you!) is the equivalent of how your dad has felt the past decade not owning a pair of wireless headphones. The new era begins today for the both of you.The best part about this Adidas duffel bag isn't the removable drawstring bag for shoe and laundry storage—it's the fact that it can be used for a mini vacation (dads pack light!) and the gym. Twice the fun.If your dad isn't a paperback guy, he'll appreciate the brand new Kindle—mainly because of its built-in front light, so he doesn't have to worry about your mom yelling at him to shut off the lights at night.Remington's super affordable lithium-powered grooming kit comes with a full-size trimmer that he can use on his face, nose, or ears along with a shaver, hair clipper comb, and a beard and stubble comb. It's great for travel, and he won't have to worry about constantly charging it with its powerful 70-minute runtime.Peak laziness comes in the form of a lighting dimmer switch starter kit. Dad can schedule the lights to turn on right before he gets home, or turn it on in his room straight from his phone. It also syncs with home tech tools like Amazon Alexa and Google Assistant.#OneLastDance #OneLastJersey. If you and your pops are Heat fans and watched Dwyane Wade together growing up, put him in his feels by giving him a throwback D-Wade jersey now that the basketball star has officially retired.If your parents are going on that trip to Greece this summer without you, you can remind them of how much they're missing out on your presence with this chic charcoal passport holder......And this excellent mini cocktail kit they won't be able to share with you on the flight because "they just didn't have enough space in their hotel room." (This didn't not happen to me.)The OG Dad Shirt has successfully made its comeback in 2019. Now that it's acceptable again, replace his old Champion tee with a new cotton long-sleeve one that he can wear casually on the weekends or during a workout.Upgrade his desk at work with a digital wifi photo frame that allows you to upload photos straight from your phone. He can now easily replace that old high school photo of you with the one you just posted on Instagram, so who's the real winner here?Repeat after me: Men. Need. To. Moisturize. Help your dad create his own skincare routine with this Jack Black double-duty face moisturizer. It's infused with antioxidants and vitamins, plus SPF 20 that's lightweight enough for daily use. *Jonathan Van Ness voice* Yes, hunny.Fulfill his lifelong dream of becoming the next Billy Joel with a brand-new karaoke system and microphone. Let's be honest—it was really your dad who wanted that karaoke machine back in the '90s...you were just the one who ended up singing all of the Disney songs on it.When it's finally time for him to retire the dad shades (you know, the ones that look like he just came out of Lasik eye surgery), you can never go wrong by choosing a timeless brand like Ray-Ban. Bonus points if they're polarized, like this pair here.Consider Keter's stainless steel BBQ entertainment storage table and prep station a gift for both parents. The stylish, water-resistant piece has two side bars for a paper towel or hook holder and comes with four hook hangers, a spice rack, and a bottle opener. Home entertaining just got a lot more convenient.A ballpoint pen is essential for signing important documents. He probably wouldn't spend the money on it himself, which makes it even more ideal as a gift.Two words: Compression socks. Now that he's getting old (but don't tell him that), he'll appreciate the additional comfort in his ankles and achilles when he's on his feet all day.This sleek Native Union wireless charger dock will change his life when he realizes he doesn't have to worry about short wires that don't reach his bed anymore—the best gift he could ask for, really.•••  For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You'll now only be able to shop from the retailer online.It's the end of an era for Topshop, the beloved European retail giant. Today the brand announced it will shutter all of its U.S. Topshop and Topman locations, adding to the 200 UK stores that its parent company, Arcadia Group, has closed over the past three years. According to the BBC, Topshop closing down its U.S. locations is a move pushed by Arcadia Group in the hopes that it will help prevent a "breakup" and avoid going into administration, meaning the company would be temporarily passed over to another individual who investigates the situation to see if the company can be rescued or if it's time to throw in the towel. Bad news? The shakeup will likely put several jobs in jeopardy, BBC and Business Insider reports. Ian Grabiner, chief executive of Arcadia Group, tells BBC that the move was a "tough but necessary" one.  Walk this way for the best outfits of the season 🚶🏼‍♀ Tap to shop or shop via the 🔗 in bio.A post shared by  Topshop (@topshop) on May 22, 2019 at 3:00am PDTThe news comes just months after Beyoncé, who exclusively sold her Ivy Park athleisure line at the retailer, severed ties with Topshop following sexual harassment allegations made against Topshop chairman, Sir Philip Green. Since announcing her split from the UK retailer last November, Beyoncé has moved forward with a partnership with Adidas. "This is the partnership of a lifetime for me," Beyoncé said in a press release. "Adidas has had tremendous success in pushing creative boundaries. We share a philosophy that puts creativity, growth and social responsibility at the forefront of business.”There is some good news, though. Topshop and Topman will still be sold on its official site and at retail partners, including Nordstrom, and they're having a sale right now. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HEREFrom: ELLE US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			So. Many. Stylish. Things. Memorial Day is almost here, and that means all the deals are happening at your favorite stores. Case in point? Nordstrom's half-yearly sale! Through June 2, you can shop up to 50 percent off on all the dresses, swimwear, denim, jewelry, and makeup that you convince yourself you'll need for the warmer days ahead. Here, 21 picks to browse right now. Can I interest you in the perfect sexy summer dress? The subtle sequin panel and thigh-high leg slit make this design even hotter. Slide your feet right into these babies; they come in three other shades and their simple silhouette makes them easy to wear with everything. A neutral jumpsuit has never looked so fashion-forward thanks to this guy's button details and handy front pockets. Get your glow on with this four-piece kit that includes a primer, eye brightener, shimmery highlighter, and lip gloss. Your beach tan will look even better with these best-sellers. Whether you're headed to a date night or just want to look a li'l dressier, a lace-trimmed midi with ruching at the bust will look SO good on ya. Another gold necklace to layer with? Yes, please. This pendant features malachite and mother of pearl to go with your other beach-inspired jewelry. This structured crossbody is undoubtedly chic. Although it only has one compartment, it's super spacious so you can still fit your phone, keys, and wallet. Classic black flats but with a twist. The extra pointy toe and slingback style make this shoe dressy, while the contrasting floral pattern adds a dose of fun.  If you're obsessed with your sign, get yourself this '70s-inspired tee. (They're going fast!) A bag that works as a top handle and also has a shoulder strap is the best of both worlds. Grab this lilac and cream-colored one to add a punch of color to an all-white summer outfit. Bodysuits are amazing (even Meghan Markle agrees!) because you don't have to tuck your shirt in every five seconds. This soft ribbed option is a great basic to have in your closet. Banish any fine lines and wrinkles with a four-piece set that includes retinol eye masks, day cream, night cream, and a serum—all at 30 percent off, people. Is it even a summer ensemble if it doesn't include a pair of eye-catching marbled hoop earrings?Yes, it's sandal szn! Show off your pedicure with these simple leather bbs that come in four other hues and have a cushioned footbed. Celebrate the warm weather with a tri-color gingham bikini that'll look cute in all those dreamy beach 'grams.  This satiny midi style will look so good with strappy sandals and a lightweight camisole. This polka-dot style holds all your cards and not only looks cute, but also has a whopping 12 slots. Clogs are IN, have you heard? Opt for this two-strap black pair with a lower heel so your feet will be trendy but comfy. These jeans'll feel like a second skin thanks to their incredible stretch, and they also have subtle embroidered flowers on the legs. Canvas backpacks are great and all, but a leather one just seems so much more grown-up. This soft gray option has three zipper compartments for max storage. You already have enough blue jeans, so go for a bright pair that'll pair just as well with a white T-shirt as it does with a striped top. From: Cosmopolitan US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Aside from lounging by the pool with a great book and thanking the universe it finally decided to feel like summer, Memorial Day weekend is all about shopping the excellent sales from your favorite brands. The answer to your immediate question(s): Yes, you need that gingham dress...and, no, that throw pillow doesn't cost too much. Peruse through the best Memorial Day weekend fashion and home sales, below. Date: 5/21-5/27; 5/21-6/3Discount: Save up to 70 percent when you take an extra 20 percent off sale and clearance items labeled BIG BROWN BAG SALE. Plus, loyallists get a $50 reward card for every $200 you spend on a large selection of regular price items.  SHOP Date: 5/24-5/28 Discount: 20 percent off sitewide using code: SAVE20SHOPDate: Now-5/27Discount: Additional 40 percent off sale items SHOPDate: 5/23-5/28Discount: 25 percent off Summer Favorites and a gift with purchase: pick 1 of 4 sunglasses with a purchase of $50 or moreSHOPDate: 5/24-5/27  Discount: Additional 20 percent off sale items including seasonal colors using code: MEMORIAL20Date: 5/22-5/28Discount: 30 percent off select styles using code: HISUMMER30. Exclusions apply.  SHOPDate: 5/22-5/28Discount: 50-70 percent off everyone online and outlet stores, 50 percent off everything full price in-storeSHOP Date: 5/22-5/27Discount: 30-50 percent off select styles; 30 percent off wide assortment of denim in men’s and women’s; GWP clear tote with $100+ total purchase while supplies lastSHOP Date: Now-inventory sells out Discount: Up to 30 percent off select stylesSHOPDate: 5/23-5/28Discount: Spend up to $99 and receive 30 percent off; Spend $100-250, and receive 40 percent off; Spend $250+ and receive 50 percent offSHOPDate: 5/22-5/27Discount: 30 percent off clearanceDate: 5/23-5/27Discount: 40 percent off selected items SHOP Date: 5/24-5/27Discount: Buy any two sunglasses (including sale) and get a black Ever After pair for freeDate: 5/23-5/28Discount: 35 percent off sitewideSHOPDate: 5/26-5/27Discount: Additional 5 percent off all sale items using code: KICKOFF25SHOPDate: 5/22-5/28Discount: Up to 80 percent off sitewide SHOPDate: 5/24-5/28Discount: 70 percent off sale items only, excludes new arrivalsSHOP Date: 5/23-5/27; 5/23-5/28; 5/26 Discount: Save $25 for every $100 spent, $25 off $100, $50 off $200 $75 off $300, $100 off $400SHOPDate: 5/24-5/27Discount: 30 percent off sitewideSHOP Date: 5/23-5/27Discount: 20 percent off sitewide + free shipping (excludes full price "Original Collection," Work and kids styles) using code: SPLASH20SHOP Date: 5/24-5/27Discount: 30 percent off select itemsSHOP Date: 5/23-5/27Discount: 20 percent off when you buy over $150SHOP  Date: 5/20-5/27 Discount: Up to 40 percent off select men’s and women’s lines, in-store and onlineSHOP Date: 5/24-5/27Discount: Everything up to 50 percent off in-store and online Date: 5/23-5/27Discount: 25 percent off sitewide using code: MAY25SHOPDate: 5/22-6/9Discount: 25 percent off select styles SHOPDate: 5/20-5/31 Discount: 50 percent off all tees, 50 percent off all tanks, 50 percent off all shorts, 50 percent off all swim Date: 5/23-5/29 Discount: AdditionaL 20 percent off discount on all sale items using code: POOLSIDESHOP Date: 5/23-5/27Discount: 25 percent off the "before they go" sectionSHOPDate: 5/10-5/31  Discount: $5 off $25+ in-store at Bed Bath & BeyondSHOP Date: 5/24-5/27 Discount: 40 percent off Date: Now-5/27Discount: Major sales on a variety of home essentialsSHOPDate: 5/21-5/27Discount: MH40 available for $199 (originally $249) using code: MEMORIAL19SHOPDate: Now-5/27  Discount: 20 percent off using code: MEMDAYSHOPDate: 5/24-5/28Discount: Choose a deluxe-sized Bouq to only pay the price of an original using code: 2XBLOOMS. Available on select products.SHOPDate: 5/21-5/28  Discount: $300+ 15 percent off using code: GOOD | $600+ 20 percent off using code: BETTER | $900+ 25 percent off using code: BESTSHOPDate: 5/23-5/28; 5/26 Discount: 20 percent sitewide, including sale items (some exclusions apply); New sale items will be addedSHOP Date: 5/24-5/27 Discount: 20 percent off everything on the site and in-storeDate: 5/24-5/27Discount: 15 percent off sitewide using code: SUMMER15SHOPDate: 5/24-5/27Discount: Sale on Sale. 20 percent off sale section. Up to 70 percent off.  SHOP Date: 5/24-5/28Discount: 20 percent off sitewide using code: SUMMERISHERESHOP Date: 5/13-5/27Discount: Get a free small candy cube when you spend $20; Get 3 free small candy cubes when you spend $40. *Free cube flavors are subject to availabilitySHOP  Date: 5/20-5/27Discount: 25 percent off any order using code: SUMMERFUNSHOP This post will be updated as more sales become available. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Handshakes and toothy grins required. The administration may change, but the excitement and prestige of meeting the President of the United States is truly unique. Here, the giddy smiles of 40 eager celebrities to prove it. But what we're concerned about is what they wore. How does one choose an outfit for such an occasion? See for yourself. Did you know that FDR and Katharine Hepburn were related through a common ancestor on the Mayflower? Well, when the actress joined the president for a luncheon devoted planning a radio show special on behalf of his 1940 presidential election—to which Hepburn wore a signature button down—they probably talked about that and more.Hollywood's most iconic blonde bombshell sang a brow-raising rendition of "Happy Birthday" for President Kennedy's 45th birthday in a stunning glittery gown. Fun fact: This is the only known photo of the two rumored lovers. Barbra Streisand is obviously a mega star in her own right, but even this diva looked smitten with JFK when she met him in 1963. Her elbow-length white gloves and feathery boa are fancy and fun. And look at that chic bob!In 1970, Elvis appeared at the White House in a collar nearly as exaggerated as his belt and was named a “Federal Agent at Large" by President Nixon—he also received an honorary badge. President Reagan and his wife Nancy snapped a quick photo with the famous supermodels at a Tribute to Bob Hope's 80th birthday at the Kennedy Center in 1983. All the women were in gowns—Brinkley in a two-piece number (a look that's recently back in style)!President Ronald Reagan awarded Michael Jackson with the Presidential Public Safety Communication Award; the award was the result of MJ's classic song "Beat It" being used as the anthem of Reagan's public service campaign against teen drinking and driving. The King of Pop donned a single glove, naturally.Michael Jackson visited the White House in this snazzy black and red military-inspired ensemble in 1990 when he received the “Artist of the Decade” award from the first President Bush. The megastar received this honor more than one time throughout his life.Music legend Whitney Houston got a private tour of the White House from the president himself 1990. During that visit, President Bush named the icon a “Point of Light Contributing Leader.” In 1991, Brooke Shields joined President Bush and many others at "Welcome Home, America," the United Service Organization's 50th anniversary. (Her sleeves are perfectly turn-of-the-decade.) To the delight of the audience, Frank Sinatra sang the patriotic ballad "What is America to Me?" at the event. Many celebrities were thrilled when Bill Clinton was elected the 42nd president of the United States. Just before his inauguration, to celebrate cultural diversity, the likes of MJ, Diana Ross, and Stevie Wonder performed in a two-day festival called America's Reunion on the Mall. The monochromatic ensemble Ross chose for the event is truly as iconic as she is.The VH1 Save the Music Foundation (founded in 1997) raised funding to maintain and support music programs in public schools across the United States. In 1999, the nonprofit organization held its Concert of the Century, and famous supporters of the arts such as SJP showed love. The star had just begun her role on Sex and the City and we think Carrie would very much approve of this outfit. Grammy-winning rocker Leny Kravitz also performed at VH1's Concert of the Century. The "American Woman" singer rocked the mic onstage, showing off his patriotism with his red, white, and blue guitar. 'Merica. Meryl Streep got close and personal with President Clinton at the Concert of the Century. The Oscar-winning actress maintained a close relationship with the Clinton family, campaigning for Secretary Hilary Clinton in her 2016 presidential bid and was reportedly considered to play her in a biopic. Only a rocker could meet a president in just a vest. Here, the Rolling Stones singer-songwriter poses with the former president backstage at the 2001 Concert for New York City, a benefit concert in response to the 9/11 terrorist attacks. Mandy Moore appeared with President Bush and the FLOTUS at TNT's annual holiday spectacular, "Christmas in Washington," in 2001 (for which she chose an appropriately festive red dress). She starred in the romantic comedy classic The Princess Diaries and released her self-titled third album that same year.  In 2003, R&B songstress Ashanti joined the president at the same holiday celebration clad in a chic black dress with button details. "Christmas in Washington" continued in 2005, and Carrie Underwood belted out various holiday staples onstage including "Last Christmas" and "O Holy Night." All eyes were on the American Idol winner as she glittered in a sparkled in a white ballgown, reminiscent of holiday tinsel.  Ciara also scored an invite to the 2005 "Christmas in Washington" special, dressed in a festive emerald gown. The singer's debut album Goodies put her on the map, and Ciara spent much of that year touring the country with fellow R&B and hip hop up-and-comers Bow Wow and Omarion.When George W. Bush was elected president for a second time, the 2005 inaugural festivities included a youth concert headlined by Disney darling Hilary Duff (note the totally early 2000s red streaks in her hair) and featuring American Idol winner Reuben Studdard, Jojo, and Ryan Cabrera. The concert, called "America's Future Rocks Today," caused a stir when Brett Scallions of the band Fuel cursed on stage. A totally different time, 2005. Oprah Winfrey stepped out in a grey power suit to offer one of the earliest endorsements of then-Senator Barack Obama's first presidential run in 2007. Passionate about the young senator's cause and drive, the TV mogul even hit the road with the Obamas and joined them on the campaign trail. To this day, Winfrey and the Obamas remain the best of friends. Kerry Washington and Usher showed some love to the future 44th president as he campaigned for his first election in 2008. The trio reunited once more at President Obama's White House farewell party in 2017, which, apparently, was a total rager—word on the street is that the demure actress was moshing! Snazzily dressed in their best black-tie attire, J.Lo and Marc Anthony posed with the First Couple at President Obama's inaugural ball in 2008. The then-married couple also performed together at the big event, singing the romantic duet  "No Me Ames" onstage.  Sheryl Crow went in for a hug after hitting the stage at the 2009 "We are One: The Obama Inaugural Celebration" in Washington, D.C. (in a T-shirt featuring his visage, no less). The singer-songwriter supported President Obama in both the 2008 and 2012 presidential elections and even performed at a 2015 Democratic primary debate. The "Girl on Fire" reconnected with President Obama at a World AIDS Day event at George Washington University. The event, Hosted by ONE and (RED), was attended by politicians (including former presidents George W. Bush and Bill Clinton) and major entertainment influencers like Keys and U2 frontman Bono. The celebrities joined the First Family in the capital for the the 2011 "Christmas in Washington" festivities. And all showed up in their formal holiday best (Bieber even went for a white jacket!). It wouldn't be Jennifer Hudson's last time performing in front of the Obamas, however; the Chicago native dazzled the crowd at the president's second inaugural ball with a jazzy rendition of Al Green's "Let's Stay Together."The cast of ABC's family sitcom Modern Family laughed it up with the president during a 2012 visit to the White House. President Obama looked excited to be meeting some of his favorite actors—he is, after all a huge fan of the show and tunes in regularly to watch the Pritchett family's shenanigans. (Unrelated, but can we just take a moment of appreciation for Bowen's biceps?)President Obama hosted a reception for the 2012 US Olympic women's gymnastics team in the White House, celebrating the Fierce Five's accomplishments at the London games. The young women traded their leotards and warm up suits for business casual. The ever-playful POTUS even asked to pose with McKayla Maroney to recreate her viral "not impressed" face. "[Obama] the coolest person I ever met," the gold medal-winning gymnast said about the president. "He's got the hardest job in the entire world."In 2010, President Obama became the first sitting president ever to appear on a daytime television show when he appeared on The View. The cast's choice of apparel didn't differ much from what they typically wear for the show, with each woman showing off her personality via her clothing. Two years later, he and Michelle visited the ABC show again to talk about his presidency and his desire to be re-elected."What are those?!" Just kidding. At a 2012 event in Doolittle Park, Katy Perry showed off her killer shoes to President Obama as her grandmother (who was also her date for the night—so precious!) looked on.Beyoncé was personally selected to sing the national anthem at President Obama's second inauguration ceremony in 2013, and looked stunning. But her performance wasn't without controversy. Critics believed that Beyoncé had lip-synced through the entire song (really?), but she was able to prove her haters wrong when she gave a stellar impromptu performance of the song a week later during her Super Bowl press conference. We never doubted you, Bey. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			A breezy alternative to dresses. Sure, there are dozens of cute spring and summer dresses I'm coveting, but I haven't forgotten about the romper! This style—basically a jumpsuit, but shorts!—is a key piece in any woman's wardrobe for easy warm weather dressing. They're a stylish alternative to dresses if you want to move more freely, say sitting crosslegged on the grass or touring a new city via bike share. Plus, they are about as comfortable as pajamas, rather than the oppressive  bodysuit-tucked-into-a-pair-of-high-rise-denim-shorts that's so trendy right now.I love the few I own to death. I pack my white-and-blue striped one-piece from Revolve (you can shop a similar one here) on vacation every summer and quite honestly, I could use a few more for this season. I did some research and found five possible romper contenders. While I'm at it, here's how to style them, too, for whatever occasion may arise between now and fall.This utilitarian romper is for the ladies who want that rugged and cool look, as opposed to a more feminine print. Roll up the sleeves for a super casual vibe and wear with these Birkenstock x Hotel Il Pellicano woven sandals. You can wander the city all day in this outfit and still feel comfortable. A colorful bag like Frame's les mini adds a pop of color that says "summer."Shop the pieces: 1. Frame service army romper, $250; 2. Topshop sunglasses, $26; 3. Mejuri spiral earrings, $140; 4. Frame mini bag, $350; 5. Birkenstock x IL Dolce Far Niente sandals, $480For a sweet and sexy look for your next event, consider slipping into this printed Zimmermann one-piece. It has a plunging neckline and backless halter-neck design to show off just enough skin. But if you feel over-exposed, just throw on a matching blazer. The neutral tones in this look suit those who want to make a style statement without wearing something flashy. Hello, that's me.Shop the pieces: 1. H&M earrings, $13; 2. The Clear Cut signet ring, $795; 3. Treasure & Bond blazer, $99; 4. Zimmermann playsuit, $595; 5. Coach 1941 bag, $295; 6. Jacquemus sandals, $690My favorite item to pack for vacation are one-pieces because you don't have to scramble to put together outfits once there. Plus, they're a space saver in your carry-on. A floral lace romper like this one from H&M works well no matter your destination, whether you're headed to the beaches of Bermuda or the lavender fields of Provence. Swap your straw hat for a bucket style—this season's It  accessory—and don't forget to bring a chic backpack for toting all your essentials.Shop the pieces: 1. Adidas bucket hat, $30; 2. & Other Stories cat-eye sunglasses, $30; 3. H&M lace romper, $35; 4. Longchamp backpack, $615; 5. Kensie slide sandal, $75After a drink or two, dresses can get annoying: You're either worrying about tripping over a long dress or accidentally showing off more than you'd like in a shorter number. Solve this dilemma altogether with an elegant satin romper, like this one from Fleur du Mal. It has the sophistication of a suit, but is 100 times sexier—especially when paired with fiery-red heels (according to reviews, these strappy sandals are actually comfy!).Shop the pieces: 1. Fleur du Mal satin playsuit, $495; 2. H&M long earrings, $13; 3. Topshop ankle strap sandals, $65; 4. Proenza Schouler suede shoulder bag, $995A bridal or baby shower is the perfect time to bring out your new sweet and sophisticated romper. This gingham (the print for summer) one-piece with sleeves can easily be dressed up for the occasion with heels, dangly gold earrings, and an elegant clear clutch. In this cute 'fit, you'll stand apart from the crowd of floral wrap dresses in the room.Shop the pieces: 1. Aly and Jay gingham romper, $88; 2. Deepa Gurnani earrings, $60; 3. Zara mules, $50; 4. L'afshar acrylic clutch, $815•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			We found the newest options for this season. Half of my friends are already planning their weddings  while the other half are about to get engaged. (Okay, not quite that many, but it feels like it!) I’m thrilled for them, but also truly terrified—where did the time go?? And more importantly, what do I wear? Thankfully, I've found 23 eye-catching dresses to slip on for the upcoming nuptials, across a range of budgets and styles. And, I've rounded them up here for all of us to browse through, because I know I’m not alone in my hunt for a full-on wedding guest wardrobe. This satin wrap dress is like a cat—it has nine lives. It can be resurrected for any occasion, from weddings and bridal showers to your company’s summer party. The light peachy hue is also perfect for someone who wants a little bit of color but nothing overwhelmingly bright.Fans of Amur will recognize the uniqueness of its sustainable pieces crafted in the heart of NYC. This elegant floral printed gown, with its draped asymmetrical skirt and cutout at the waist, will stun everyone at the party. You may just be best dressed (right after the bride). Bless the friends who throw backyard weddings, so we don't have to overthink our outfits. Grab your favorite floral dress (perhaps it's this one from J.Crew?) and throw on some sandals for the easiest look you'll put together this wedding season.Featuring a print that evokes the feeling of frolicking in the English countryside, this romantic dress has a fitted bodice and flowing skirt. It's a good Instagram, guaranteed. When choosing your wedding guest dress, be mindful of the reception location. If it's outside, keep cool as you dance the night away in a slip dress with an open back, like this one. The orange color will complement your summer tan too.Celebrate being seated at a table with your boyfriend's grandmother in a dress that's demure but not dowdy. This wrap dress is bright, loud, and silky. Featuring a side-tie waist and draping sleeves that slightly puff at the top, it's also super flattering. I'm all for effortless dressing and, damn, if this style from Finders Keepers isn't the definition of that. The thin straps and slit details aren't flamboyant, but rather, provide a delicate, feminine touch.Find the middle ground between showing off your shoulders and keeping them covered with a one-shoulder design. This asymmetrical number from Iro has a romantic floral print and airy skirt—because that cocktail hour outdoors in Florida is guaranteed to be humid.Summer weddings call for pastel hues so embrace the color palette with this on-trend prairie dress in light blue. I love this number from Copenhagen-based brand Samsøe & Samsøe's spring 2019 collection. You’ll feel like a retro European in no time.This dress features a scrunched and supportive bodice, a neckline that does great things for collar bones, and a flowing asymmetrical skirt. Editorial note: I've owned this dress for about a month and it's quickly become the only thing I want to wear when I need to look spiffy...but want to feel that pajama-level comfort. Channel Kate Middleton in this cobalt blue coat dress that falls just above the knee. The dress is polished and sophisticated thanks to the collar and belt around the waist. Pair with Jimmy Choo heels (and maybe a fascinator).This playful cinched-waist Wilfred dress comes in eight (I repeat, eight) different colors, so you can buy it in every shade and wear it 'til death do you part. Go with lavender if the ceremony is outdoors or resort to black if the event's more formal.Attending a wedding on a farm or ranch? Rock a milkmaid dress to be on your best bohemian a-game. Dôen's “sol” dress is a romantic, cotton option featuring a square v-neck that accentuates the collar bones. A bonus: You can hand wash this!This red-hot gown can be styled and re-style to your heart's desire, thanks to the customizable halter neck. It'll feel like a new dress every time you wear it! Other show-stopping designs? Peep the plunging neckline and contrasting purple straps. This floor-length, thin strapped dress masters understated glamour. Made in a forgiving scuba material, it'll be a flattering choice to don at formal weddings. This gown looks complicated, but that's all an optical illusion. Everyone will be talking about the unique style during cocktail hour, then you can comfortably shimmy in peace (no straps sliding down!) on the dance floor all night long. A classic black dress that can be worn a hundred times is always a good idea. Here, a particularly brilliant one from French label Rouje with lace details and a universally flattering silhouette. I've been coveting this ruffled beauty, featuring a small and centered ribcage cutout for weeks. What I love most about this dress is its silky elegance and its funky pattern with a loose fit, so I can mingle and groove in comfort. The unique floral blooms are also a refreshing break from the micro daisies that seem to be everywhere.Love this feminine spring 2019 spin on tie-dye. The pleated, crepe number from A.L.C.. features cutouts at the waist that allow for a partially open back. This dress will automatically win you the unspoken best-dressed guest award.This dress's unique smocked top makes it a savvy choice for the girl with a busy calendar and a tight budget, as it can be worn various ways. Off the shoulder? Check. An edgy one-shoulder look? Check. Criss-crossed? Yup, it can do that too. The colorful lines on this scallop hemmed dress are giving me major 13 Going on 30 vibes. Remember the scene where Jennifer Garner gets everyone dancing to “Thriller” and she’s wearing the rainbow striped dress? Bring that same lively energy to the dance floor, but perhaps to a song like Ariana Grande’s “Thank U, Next” because it is 2019.The number of “Save the Dates” on your fridge are multiplying quickly, so budget is at the top of mind. This dress is affordable (you're not misreading that…the price is literally less than $10), and stylish, which makes it a must-have. I love the hanging shoulder strap details.Navy, the alternative flattering color to your go-to little black dress. Its classic hue and silhouette mean that it will work for the array of dress codes on your docket: garden, cocktail, black-tie optional—you name it! Just let your accessories take the spotlight. I recommend pairing with this necklace. •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Fur out, ethical fashion in. In recent months, a growing number luxury fashion houses like Gucci and Michael Kors have announced a commitment to more ethical fashion practices. On Friday, Maison Margiela shared that after designer John Galliano's meeting with PETA, the brand would go fur free, joining the ranks of brands like Calvin Klein, Stella McCartney, Vivienne Westwood, Tommy Hilfiger and more who have long eliminated fur from their collections. This new wave of major brands championing sustainable fashion marks a great leap forward for fashion, so for consumers looking to shop more consciously and fur-free, we've compiled a list of designers who have joined in on the movement.PradaPrada has pledged to go 100 percent fur-free beginning with the brands spring/summer 2020 collection. After the Humane Society launched a campaign urging Prada to stop its use of fur, the organization collaborated with the luxury brand behind the scenes to help Prada adopt a more ethical approach. “The Prada Group is committed to innovation and social responsibility, and our fur-free policy—reached following a positive dialogue with the Fur Free Alliance, in particular with LAV and the Humane Society of the United States—is an extension of that engagement,”  Miuccia Prada said in a statement. “Focusing on innovative materials will allow the company to explore new boundaries of creative design while meeting the demand for ethical products.”3.1 Phillip LimBeginning Fall 2019, 3.1 Phillip Lim will stop its use of "fur and exotic skins," including fox, mink, lynx, chinchilla, and more, in its ready-to-wear and accessories collections. CoachCoach announced October 23, 2018 that the brand has adopted a 100 percent fur-free policy, tapping the Humane Society of the United States to educate its lead executives for a cruelty-free future. The Humane Society's CEO and president, Kitty Block took to her personal blog to express her joy over the initiative, writing, “The announcement today from a brand as iconic as Coach is the latest indication that fur is just not fashionable. The fur trade kills more than 100 million animals each year, with animals used for fur either trapped in the wild, where they remain in cruel leghold traps for days without food or water, or raised in cramped cages for their entire lives and then killed by electrocution or gassing. Consumers worldwide are saying no to all of that and fashion leaders are following.”DVFDiane Von Furstenberg is one of the latest fashion houses to go 100 percent fur-free. The brand announced in early October 2018 that it has partnered with PETA to cease production of fur, exotic skins, mohair, and angora in all of its upcoming collections. I am so excited that technology has provided us a way to feel as glamorous with faux fur,” DVF chairwoman Diane von Furstenberg said in a press release, adding that the decision to go fur-free is part of a larger-scale project to create a more sustainable fashion industry."GucciLast October, Gucci committed to stop using fur material in their collections, starting with the spring/summer 2018 collection and beyond. "Being socially responsible is one of Gucci’s core values, and we will continue to strive to do better for the environment and animals," Gucci president and chief executive officer Marco Bizzarri said in a statement. "With the help of HSUS and LAV, Gucci is excited to take this next step and hopes it will help inspire innovation and raise awareness, changing the luxury fashion industry for the better.”Michael KorsJust in time for Christmas, Michael Kors revealed that the brand will ban all use of fur and pledged to be completely fur-free by the end of 2018.Jimmy ChooMichael Kors' fur-free pledge applied to Jimmy Choo as well, which was acquired by Michael Kors in a $1.2 billion deal in July 2017.Donatella VersaceIn March 2017, Donatella Versace told 1843 magazine that her namesake brand will stop using fur by 2019. Why? "Fur? I am out of that. I don’t want to kill animals to make fashion. It doesn’t feel right."Donna Karan/ DKNYDonna Karan committed to promoting a cruelty-free brand earlier in March and the policy will go into effect by 2019. Maison MargielaMaison Margiela creative director John Galliano had a meeting with PETA, which resulted in Galliano's addition to the swelling number of high-end fashion labels opting against the use of fur in future collections.Calvin KleinCalvin Klein has been fur-free since 1994.Stella McCartneySince the brand's conception in 2001, Stella McCartney has made it her duty to create a leather-free, fur-free clothing brand. Tommy Hilfiger2007 was the year many brands made the switch to go fur-free. Hilfiger used fur mostly on the collars and cuffs of his pieces and after a conversation with PETA, announced that any further production of fur items would end immediately. Giorgio ArmaniAfter teaming up with the Humane Society of the United States, Giorgio Armani and the seven other labels under the Armani Group would no longer produce clothing pieces with fur beginning with the Fall 2016 collection. "Technological progress made over the years allows us to have valid alternatives at our disposition that render the use of cruel practices unnecessary as regards animals," the brand said in a statement to WWD. "Pursuing the positive process undertaken long ago, my company is now taking a major step ahead, reflecting our attention to the critical issues of protecting and caring for the environment and animals."Yoox Net-a-PorterThe Humane Society of the United States has buit relationships with a number of designer companies and encouraged many designers to ban fur from their lines. Yoox Net-a-Porter finally caved and announced in June 2017 that the company's clothing brands (Mr. Porter, The Outnet, Net-a-Porter) would be officially going fur-free. Ralph LaurenIn 2006, Ralph Lauren pledged to eliminate fur altogether, including all merchandise and home offerings. In addition to going fur-free, the brand announced it would donated 1,200 clothing pieces with fur to international relief initiatives.Vivienne WestwoodVivienne Westwood joined the club in 2007 after a chat with PETA.The KooplesPETA encouraged cult brand The Kooples to adopt a more cruelty-free approach so The Kooples dropped fur from their future collections, beginning with the fall 2017 range and created a clutch in honor of their new policy.Hugo BossA year after having a talk with The Humane Society of the United States, Hugo Boss vowed to stop using fur by its fall 2016 collection. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HEREFrom: ELLE US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Use these celebs as a guide.Which sunglasses will you absolutely stun in? It all depends on the shape of your visage and finding a proportional style of sunnies to fit the bill. (That pair of tiny sunglasses looks cute online, but will it actually suit your face shape? Probably not.) A quick and easy way to determine what will look best on you is to take inspiration from others with similar structure, like the four celebs, below. Match your shape to one of theirs, and then shop away.Rounder faces like Emma's tend to be widest across the cheekbones and narrower along the forehead and jawline. Rectangular and angular frames are always a safe bet, and the wide cheekbones can pull off oversized frames, too.  1. Maui Jim polarized sunglasses, $319SHOP IT2. Ray-Ban Wayfarer sunglasses, $155 SHOP IT3. Feroce clear sunglasses, $110 SHOP IT4. H&M orange sunglasses, $10 SHOP IT5. Topshop oval sunglasses, $26 SHOP ITWith her square shape, Jolie's visage looks best paired with rounded frames that soften her angular features. 1. Victoria Beckham aviator sunglasses, $950SHOP IT2. Chloe shield sunglasses, $475SHOP IT3. Givenchy round sunglasses, $270SHOP IT4. H&M large sunglasses, $10SHOP IT5. Karen Walker alternative fit sunglasses, $200SHOP ITOval faces can pull off any frame style. JLaw has an oval face, giving her plenty of options when it comes to frame shape, from borrowed-from-the-boys silhouettes to retro rounded styles.  1. Ray-Ban square frame sunglasses, $170SHOP IT2. IIlesteva Lenoard sunglasses, $177SHOP IT3. H&M powder pink sunglasses, $10SHOP IT4. Thierry Lasry acetate sunglasses, $445 SHOP IT5. Quay mod star sunglasses, $90SHOP ITKerry Washington has a heart-shaped face, where her brow is broader at the top and her chin is more pointed at the bottom. This means angles of all kinds and wide, upturned frames are her friends. Go with light-colored styles or frames with  exaggerated bottoms. 1. Celine smart fit sunglasses, $510SHOP IT2. Grey Ant acetate sunglasses, $259SHOP IT3. Rag & Bone cat-eye sunglasses, $225SHOP IT4. Pawaka marble sunglasses, $395SHOP IT5. Pared petite amour sunglasses, $220SHOP IT•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.subscribe here		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Only Cotillard could pull this off.You can't attend the Cannes Film Festival without taking a walk down the famously long red carpet. Though Elle Fanning has been dominating the scene with her designer ensembles—her outfits have been my favorite so far—other stars were eager to show off their own personal style for the cameras. Elsa Hosk and Dakota Fanning came in beautiful dresses, Margot Robbie wore Chanel pants, and others like Marion Cotillard came in shorts.The actress arrived for the screening of Matthias & Maxime—a drama focusing on a group of friends in their late 20s, according to IMDB—and Cotillard definitely brought a little flair to the red carpet. Rather than arrive in a dress, she chose a black crop top and shorts set. The drawstring bottoms sat low on her hips, and she styled the look with a pair of peep-toe heeled boots. The bottoms honestly looked super cozy, like the kind of sweat shorts you wear while snacking and watching Netflix. I'm all for comfort!To complete the look, Cotillard wore a floor-sweeping Balmain denim kimono with distressed details on the sleeves and on the back. The oversize outerwear featured, what looked like, a dragon on the back. If you want to see more outfits from the Cannes red carpet, check out everyone's ensembles here.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Decisions, decisions. Blisters. The worst thing that could possibly happen to you while traveling (aside from missing your flight or forgetting your passport). You know the feeling: five blocks into your walk to the top museum/breathtaking vista/historical site, your heels start to throb, your toes pinch together, and death (for your feet) seems imminent. Avoid this issue altogether by actually packing shoes you know won't hurt your feet. Yes, those strappy stilettos are cute, but are they comfortable? I think not. Opt instead for stylish sneakers, sandals with a kitten heel, and cushioned slides. Bring one of the guaranteed-not-to-make-you-limp pairs from each of the three categories below, and you'll be set footwear-wise—no matter what you've decided to do with your days off.I've worn my Soludos flats while walking upstream in a river, so I can personally attest to their durability and comfort. These espadrilles don't just look effortless, they are effortless—as all things should be on vacation.Sneakers, like this one from Koio, are an obvious choice of travel shoe: They keep your feet covered (from road dust!), and thick soles provide a pillow-like cushion, allowing you to wander for hours.Outdoor Voices collaborated with Teva to make this splashy sandal just in time for summer. It has blister-proof heel tabs and a rubber sole to give you traction on that uphill walk. We're 100 percent into the multi-colored straps too.If you need a good boot option, check out this pair from Acne Studios. Not only does the black ankle boot match everything in your carry-on, but it'll also look sleek and stylish in photos. Wear it under a floral dress or with cropped jeans.If you only have space for three pairs of shoes in your carry on, make a white slip-on sneaker one of them. You'll never run out of ways to style this. Wear it with a dress, pants, shorts, pantsuits—the list goes on.Don't let your maxi dress drag on the floor of the restaurant. Sneak a pair of comfy wedge espadrilles underneath your outfit. The thick platform provides all the support—and height—you need.You can wear Zara's brown leather mules every night of your vacay. The geometric heel is a small detail with a big impact, taking this shoe from casual to cool. Expect all the compliments before appetizers even arrive. After dinner, take a leisurely stroll around your resort in these colorful mustard sandals. They're feminine without the discomfort of high heels because they're only two inches in height, so you can tour the place in comfort.Everlane calls this the "all-day mule," meaning you can go from sightseeing to dinner without having to make a pit stop in your hotel room. And no blisters: It's made from soft Italian leather that molds to the shape of your foot.  The straps of lace-up shoes have a tendency to slip down your ankles as you shimmy along; not the case with this thin but sturdy buckle clasp. Plus, the 2.5-inch kitten heel gives you a height boost without keeping you painfully on your tip-toes. Trade in your beat up flip-flops for a pair of rubber sandals with palm tree leaf prints. The pool slides are not only wearable with a bikini, but also with denim shorts and a cropped tank. These sandals all over Instagram because fashion girls are obsessed with them. The transparent mules come in several colors, though if you like to keep it versatile and classic, opt for this black pair. This floral two-strap mule brings a touch of summer sweetness to your feet (and outfit) with two bows and a vibrant pattern. Prepare to be inundated with compliments from strangers on the street. If your outfits need a little more color, I know just the shoes to get. This mule has it all: minty two-tone green hues, a hemisphered ball heel, and a transparent strap. All these designs create a summer shoe that's truly one of a kind. An #OOTD featuring these mustard-colored buckle slides will draw all the likes and comments. Bonus: You don't have to worry about this backless style digging into your heels (thank god). For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Can't talk right now, busy shopping.Just in time for Memorial Day weekend, Net-a-Porter is having a major sale. The retailer is offering a huge selection of dresses, tops, skirts, bags, shoes, and more for up to 50 percent off. (I spied the ever-so-popular Jacquemus sandals for $325! The original price? Almost $700.) One can easily spend hours browsing through all the sale stuff, but to help you narrow things down, I've rounded up the best summer pieces. Have fun browsing through the 35 cute finds ahead.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Stars brought their A-game.The 72nd annual Cannes Film Festival is here! From May 14 to May 25, celebrities will be arriving to promote their films, attend glitzy parties, and walk down yet another long red carpet. Elle Fanning and Selena Gomez were some of the first to arrive for the annual event, but many more are sure to touch down in France soon. Will we have another Kendall Jenner naked dress moment, or see Kristen Stewart taking off her shoes on the red carpet? Only time will tell, so stay tuned. Ahead, check out all the stunning outfits so far.In ChanelIn custom Etro In Roberto Cavalli ArchiveIn a Dior dress and Christian Louboutin shoesIn a Roberto Cavalli dress and Chopard jewels In Christian Dior Haute CoutureIn Valentino Haute CoutureIn a Louis Vuitton custom dress and Chopard jewelryIn Christian Louboutin heels and Chopard jewelryIn a Julien Macdonald gown and Giuseppe Zanotti shoesIn DiorCELINE by Hedi SlimaneIn Loewe In Haider AckermannIn Chanel outfit, Tabitha Simmons shoes, and Messika earringsChloe's in custom Mugler, Selena in a Louis Vuitton dress, Jimmy Choo heels, and Bulgari jewelryIn Fendi sunglasses and Sandro suitIn a Louis Vuitton set, Jimmy Choo heels, and Bulgari jewelryIn Dior Haute CoutureIn a Gucci dress and Chopard jewelryIn custom Alberta Ferretti In Ralph & Russo couture and Rene Caovilla shoesIn Etro Couture and Aquazzura heelsIn Etro CoutureIn a Ryan Lo dress, Miu Miu shoesIn Dior and Chopard jewelsIn Etro 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She was at the American Ballet Theatre spring gala. The American Ballet Theatre had its spring gala last night in NYC, and Katie Holmes was one of the handful of celebrities to join the festivities. The star arrived at the Metropolitan Opera House wearing a three-quarter sleeve floral maxi dress (she was giving me Kate Middleton vibes) with bright orange blooms and a black collar. She paired the springtime ensemble with black booties from Dolce & Gabbana. They weren't just any regular booties, though—this particular style had a peep-toe design and was made completely of lace. It was a fancy boot, if you will.As one of ABT's co-chairs, Katie definitely stood out for her style as she posed for photos alone and then with her mother Kathleen Stothers-Holmes. Katie was later joined by event co-chairs Alec and Hilaria Baldwin. Back in 2017, Katie previously said to Avenue, "[Being a gala co-chair] means a lot to me because I’m a huge fan of ABT and I know what goes into being a dancer and a ballerina. I am very excited to support...I have such great respect. You can’t fake it as a dancer."During the event, guests reportedly enjoyed dinner, dancing, and the world premiere of The Seasons by Ratmansky. This annual ABT event helps to raise funds for the company, as well as ABT's education and outreach programs.  For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You might recall other royals wearing this one.It’s been a big week for Kate Middleton, who has added ‘landscape garden architect’ to her résumé alongside the casual ‘Duchess of Cambridge’ and ‘Dame Grand Cross’ titles. For months now, Kate has been hard at work on the new Back to Nature Garden for the RHS Chelsea Flower Show, and yesterday her lovely creation was finally unveiled to the world.The garden was a huge hit with Prince George, Princess Charlotte, and Prince Louis, who could not have been more excited about dipping their toes into the creek and exploring through the flowers. But, of course, the final seal of approval had to come from Queen Elizabeth II herself, and it takes a lot more than a turn on the rope swing to impress Her Majesty.On Monday evening, the Duchess of Cambridge headed back to her garden for an official visit with the Queen, while accompanied by husband Prince William, too. For the prestigious occasion, Kate arrived at the show wearing a bold floral maxi dress by Erdem. It matched perfectly with the nature theme, thanks to the black, purple, and yellow spring-ready print. The high-end piece featured an empire-waist silhouette with mid-length sleeves, complete with pretty frill detail to the shape. The Erdem dress also had the addition of white lace panel work at the collar, cuffs, waist, bust and long skirt. Kate chose to wear the dress with tan suede wedges, a simple watch, floral stud earrings, and a Daenerys-esque braided hairstyle.Don’t worry, you’re not going crazy—you totally HAVE seen this sprint/summer dress before, but not on Kate. The floral Erdem designs have proved to be a firm favorite of the royal family (in fact, Erdem is generally a go-to designer for the royals). Back in April, Princess Eugenie arrived at the Royal Maundy Service at St George’s Chapel wearing an almost identical (but slightly shorter) dress from the collection, styled with navy pumps and a sweet headband.Kate’s exact dress has been seen before too, this time worn by the Duchess of Kent at the wedding of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle back in 2018. Although the same piece,  it was styled very differently to Kate's appearance, with the Duchess of Kent opted for a statement headpiece, pearl necklaces, and casual sneakers with her own Erdem.So, if you were on the hunt for a key investment piece to prove your royal credentials this summer, Erdem is probably the place to start.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You can't go wrong with one of these.Gingham is here to stay this summer, and I am so excited. If you scroll through your Instagram feeds, nearly every brand and influencer has been rocking the pattern, especially when it comes to summer-ready dresses. (My favorite!) Don't let gingham's sweetness fool you, though—the symmetrical pattern can also be sexy and sophisticated. Whether you’re in the market for a frilly pastel midi dress with checks or something more contemporary, I've found a gingham dress for you. Wear your new piece to weddings, vacations, and beyond. What makes this dress unique is the fusion of two different types of black-and-white gingham prints. You have your mini squares and your large squares while the thigh-high slit gives it a sexy yet wearable appeal. Dress it down with sneakers or up with kitten mules.Sweet like cotton candy is how I would describe this flare slip dress from HVN. The silky material embodies the lightness and ease of summer and the item can be layered over a t-shirt or button-up for that extra fashion-girl spin. This dress is a more contemporary take on gingham thanks to its asymmetric hemline and ruching across the bodice. It’s perfect for both day and night occasions. For instance, a pair of black high-heel sandals will create that cute date-night look while a simple pair of brown slides will tone it down for a casual morning. For a gingham dress that's anything but ordinary, you'll want this one by Natasha Zinko from her resort 2019 collection. This sweetheart bodice gown with cascading ruffles is a lewk in the best way possible should you want to stand out at your summer party. (Sorry florals, looks like you'll be staying in the closet for now.)This dress is begging to be packed away and taken on a vacation. Where can you wear this to, you ask? I picture the maxi dress floating down a beach or being taken for a spin down the cobbled streets of Italy. Staying local this summer? Wear it with white strappy heels or espadrilles to your next wedding or bridal shower.If it’s a mini dress you’re after, consider this gingham v-neck option from Mango. The straight and fitted silhouette makes it super simple to throw on if you're petite and don't want to drown in fabric. Wear with a pair of dad sneakers and a denim jacket on days when you don't have a care in the world. If strapless dresses are your summer go-to, pick up this gingham option from Anaak. It features a knotted front for a feminine detail while the color reminds me of the water in the Bahamas. If the strapless style is too revealing for certain occasions, cover up with a shawl or denim jacket. Try this Rachel Comey option if you're looking for a more retro dress with modern touches like an empire waist. The high-neck collar and sleeves make it suitable for the office and counts as a transitional piece. Take it from summer into fall with the addition of a leather jacket and ankle boots.   Anthropologie is full of your not-so-basic pieces like this gingham halter-neck dress with large squares. The deep green hue on this fit-and-flare dress is unexpected too, which guarantees you’ll make a statement at that Saturday picnic.  Style influencer Aimee Song launched her own fashion line and it's filled with plenty of easy summer pieces. Take this gingham dress with a plunging neckline and ruffles down the body, it's that effortless item you throw on every morning and look superbly put together. I'm definitely adding this to my wishlist. Searching for a bright, perhaps rainbow-colored dress to add to your closet this summer? Look no further than this technicolor option from Saloni. Pick a hue from this seersucker dress and style with any like-colored accessory.Think of this pastel yellow Lake Studio number as the elevated version of your floral wrap dress. A few details to note that make this dress special: the knotted detail on the side and the crepe-de-chine fabric. Keep the rest of your accessories neutral and let this dress do all the talking.This button-up shirtdress is a more masculine take on the gingham trend thanks to its boxier shape. The enlarged print makes more of a statement than other daintier varieties too, as does the bold red and white coloring. But the best part? It’s made from 100 percent cotton, which means it will be super comfortable for all day wear.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter. SUBSCRIBE NOW		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The British royals have some stiff competition.America may lack royals, but we have wealthy society families in spades. We're talking monikers like the Vanderbilts, the Astors, the Kennedys, and so on. And when members of these families tied the knot, major $$$ was spent. Of course, the gowns were to die for. Society brides > royal brides, any day of the week. (JK, we love you Kate Middleton and Meghan Markle.) Relive the most expensive and historical gowns to date, ahead.Drew Barrymore comes from a long line of Hollywood stars and this is her grandfather, acclaimed actor John Barrymore, with her grandmother, his third wife Dolores Costello, in 1928. Some of Barrymore's most well-known films include Grand Hotel (1932), Twentieth Century (1934) and Midnight (1939), which have been inducted into the National Film Registry. Dolores was a well-known silent film actress in her own right when the two were married; she was his co-star in The Sea Beast.  According to her New York Times obituary, Barrymore said of Costello: “I have just seen the most beautiful woman in the world. I shall not rest or eat until I have seen her again.” The two spent their honeymoon on his yacht, visiting Panama, the Galapagos Islands and Ecuador. They hunted alligators and mammoth lizards and explored wild regions of Central America before returning to Hollywood and moving into a hilltop mansion in Beverly Hills.Jacqueline Bouvier married John F. Kennedy on September 12, 1953 in Newport, Rhode Island. Her gorgeous wedding gown was created by African-American fashion designer Ann Lowe—who didn't receive credit for the dress until much later in life—and is now on display at the Kennedy Library in Boston. The dress consisted of 50 yards of fabric made out of ivory-colored silk taffeta and Jackie wore a lace wedding veil that belonged to her grandmother. She also wore a single strand pearl necklace, which was a family heirloom, and a diamond pin from her parents and a diamond bracelet from her groom.  Talitha Pol, an actress and dancer, was married to John Paul Getty Jr. from 1966 until her death in 1971. His father, Jean Paul Getty, founded the Getty Oil company and was in the '50s, one of the richest Americans.On their wedding day, December 10, 1966, Talitha wore a creamy velvet mink-trimmed hooded minidress. The dancer later became a style icon thanks to her boho fashion sensibility—Pol was the muse for Chloe’s 2002 spring collection—and her lavish yet tragic life (she died of a heroin overdose at 31) is well documented on screen in the FX show Trust. Jonathan Tisch and Laura Steinberg married in 1988 at the Central Synagogue in NYC. Their wedding made the pages of The New York Times, obviously, though the couple later divorced. Jonathan's wealth can be traced back to his family's empire of hotels, which now all fall under the Loews Corporation. The American conglomerate has diversified its portfolio to include insurance, oil drilling, and pipeline transport. Laura wore an off-white taffeta dress that was delicately embroidered in gold and had a seven-foot train. Her tulle veil was held in place by a diamond and pearl tiara. Meanwhile, her matron of honor and bridesmaids all wore dresses by Arnold Scaasi. As reported by The New York Times, "The families declined a request by Life magazine to document what was being called the wedding of the 80s." More than 500 guests attended the wedding, including the likes of Barbara Walters and Helen Gurley Brown.  Heiress Cornelia Venderbilt's 1924 wedding to British diplomat John Cecil was the party of the century, and took place at the family's famous Biltmore estate in Asheville. A whopping 2,500 people attended the reception. “The bride was lovely in a gown of white satin, very straight, with long sleeves,” wrote the Asheville Citizen. “Her bridal veil of tulle and lace, which she wore over her face when entering the church, was four yards long. It was caught with orange blossoms from Florida...Her bridal bouquet was of orchids and lilies of the valley, made in Asheville by the Middlemount Gardens. Each of her satin slippers was ornamented with a single orange blossom.” Gloria Vanderbilt (a.k.a. Anderson Cooper's mother) married her first husband Pat DiCicco in 1941, when she was just 17 (and yep, she wore an iconic set of Vanderbilt pearls, because as the saying goes, "All Vanderbilt Women Have Pearls"). They divorced just four years later. (She next married Leopold Stokowski, then Sidney Lumet—more on that in the next slide—and finally, Wyatt Cooper, Anderson's father.)Couple of fun facts: The train on Gloria's dress was 30-feet long, and that little cake topper is wearing a replica of her outfit. Gloria Vanderbilt's third husband was director Sidney Lumet. They married in 1956 and divorced in 1963, so the relationship was admittedly pretty short-lived. Even so, Gloria looked absolutely stunning on her wedding day, wearing a beige gown rather than the traditional white, which was made out of French linen that dates from 1830. Note: This time, she ditched the pearls. In what was called Atlanta's wedding of the year, Catherine Wood Campbell married Randolph Apperson Hearst in 1938. Catherine was the only daughter of Morton Campbell, a wealthy telephone company executive while Randolph was the son of William Randolph Hearst, a media mogul (full disclosure: Marie Claire is a subsidiary of The Hearst Corporation). The wedding had nine bridesmaids and 15 groomsmen. The bride wore a white satin gown and tulle veil. The couple went on to have five daughters: Catherine, Virginia, Patty, Anne, and Vicki.  Patty, the daughter of Catherine and Randolph, married Bernard Shaw in 1979. The two tied the knot in an Episcopal ceremony at a naval base in San Francisco Bay. Patty wore an off-the-shoulder white gown and wedding veil. According to Patty, her parents gave the couple "a Sears vacuum cleaner as a wedding present" because "they thought [the marriage] wouldn’t last." But, the two remained married until 2013—when Bernard passed away from cancer—and had two daughters: Gillian and Lydia. William Waldorf Astor married socialite Sarah Norton in 1945. Despite getting divorced in 1953, the pair had a whirlwind romance and apparently got engaged just a few days after they met. Not much is publicly known about Sarah's dress, but we can all agree that her starburst tiara is fit for royalty (or, alternatively, a basic who's super into weddings *waves hi*).(Side note: This wedding took place in London, but the Astors are a cross-continental fixture, as anyone who's walked into New York's Waldorf Astoria knows.)American hotelier Conrad Hilton's son Nicky Hilton married Elizabeth Taylor when she was just 18 in a ceremony in Beverly Hills. MGM organized the fabulous event, and Elizabeth's dress was designed by famed costume maker Helen Rose. Her team of 15 people took an entire three months to create the gown out of satin and seed pearls, and the train is a whopping 15 yards. FYI, the couple divorced just eight months later.Abby, daughter of John D. Rockefeller, Jr. and Abigail Green Aldrich, married banker David Milton in 1925. The wedding was a *huge* news-making affair, with 1,200 guests at the reception in NYC. And you'll love this: The bride broke with tradition and insisted that the word "obey" be removed from her marriage vows. Pretty cool.John D. Rockefeller III married prominent philanthropist Blanchette Hooker in 1932 when she was in her early 20s. The pair had their *extremely* fancy reception at the Colony Club on Park Avenue. Her dress is a surprisingly modern silhouette given the era, no?Almost ten years later in Bedford, NY, in 1940, his brother David Rockefeller (later the former chairman of the Chase Manhattan Bank and the Metropolitan Museum of Art) married Margaret McGrath and she wore a very similar gown—with slightly puffier sleeves. This, following a proposal made with a 5.6 carat rectangular step-cut diamond ring. Random aside that has literally nothing to do with the Rockefellers: Bedford is where Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds currently live. This 1940 wedding was a HUGE deal—in fact, a hilariously old-time-y video about it can be found on YouTube. Henry Ford II and Anne McDonnell were married in Long Island, and the church was swarming with hundreds of uninvited guests hoping for a glimpse of the bride and groom. Anne's dress is ever-so lovely, with sheer cap sleeves and a giant skirt.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			One year after debuting Good Mama denim, Khloé Kardashian and Emma Grede have launched Maternity Performance, a new extension of their activewear line that focuses on mothers-to-be and new moms. The Good American co-founders felt that maternity performance was a natural progression in their lineup—and that their offerings fill a big hole in the market."When I was pregnant I definitely felt like what was offered was just a few pieces and they weren't very comfortable; they weren't cute at all," says Khloé Kardashian. Offering comfort, style, and a range of options was important to her. "We don't tell our consumer what they should be wearing. We don't give them like three pieces. We allow them to have a good range of stuff. And they can pick if they want to be, you know, a little more conservative or if they still want to be sexy or whatever, it's up to the consumer to decide. So we wanted to create more options that you can wear either if you are just relaxing at home or if you want to work out, you still get the same support. You know, our goal is really to listen to our customers and just to be inclusive and what we produce."MarieClaire.com spoke to Kardashian and Grede a few days ahead of the launch to talk about their new products, and the advice they'd give women who are trying to get back into a workout routine after having a baby.Kardashian: I will say definitely I had no idea even about this maternity world or the lack thereof until I got pregnant. I definitely think comfort and functionality are the two biggest things. I would say comfort more than functionality because for me, what I was offered were items I would never wear in my real life. And I worked out my entire pregnancy and even if I wasn't working out, you just want to be in leggings anyway because you just are so uncomfortable towards the very end. And that's also what made us create our denim because I never found any denim that I was comfortable in. And of course our prototypes I was wearing throughout my pregnancy—we didn't finish it until the end. But I was able to wear it during my postpartum stage, which is great.But I love that with our performance, everything is seamless. You don't want seams in certain places that they shouldn't be. Nobody wants camel-toe and all that kind of stuff. So we try to do things really seamless–you also don't want a bunch of lines and fabric suffocating your tummy, you want things to be protected and make you feel secure, but not anything that's too suffocating and restricting. I know with me, I felt already kind of suffocated within my own body. That's something else. I didn't want it to feel like an extra layer of skin. I just wanted it to feel like comfortable, stretchy fabric. But that was also cute.And our sports bras are sports bra, but they could also be nursing bras as well. So those are really easy, especially when you're a mom and multitasking and your baby's screaming and you just need to breastfeed. Those very easy; they’re very functional and that was something that was really important to me as well. Grede: For me, it was how do we make something super comfortable, first and foremost. But then, you're in this time of your life where your body's changing, quite literally by the day, and you also want to look really cute.  @goodamerican #GoodMama 💞👖Launches Thursday 3.15.2018A post shared by  Khloé (@khloekardashian) on Mar 12, 2018 at 4:39pm PDTWhen I was pregnant, the smallest thing would irritate me—a seam in the wrong place, a slightly too small sleeve, a bit of skin popping out where it shouldn't. So actually, it was just like, how do you make it super, super comfortable? And there's just things that you can do in garment construction that takes out some of the things that would usually irritate you. Everything that we do is four-way stretch and it's seamless. And when you make seamless garments, you just take out any of those bits that would usually dig in or leave like an indentation on you when your body's bigger than it would normally be and you take your clothes off.So for me, it was [also important] to give a super emphasis on the function. You need to be able to sweat in it and you need to be able to move comfortably in it, but just make sure that everything feels nonrestrictive, and that your belly feels all at once supported, but not at all ever restricted.Kardashian: Honestly, I think it's harder to dress for [postpartum] because when you have a belly that has a baby in it, it's cute. Show it off or whatever. And even though you just had a baby, let's even just say 48 hours before, you still, as a mom, knowing there's not a baby in there, but you still have this big belly—I don't care how secure you are, you still feel like, I don't want to emphasize this. At least I did and my girlfriends. Even though it's so crazy because you have to give yourself a little pat on the back: You just had a baby.I remember, you expect, Oh my God, I'm going to have a baby, I'm going to give birth and then my belly is going to be gone. That's really what I expected going in, and when I came out I was like, okay, I'm holding the baby, but why do I still have the tummy? And you do, and you have to be kinder to yourself. So then at the end I loved having some support on my tummy, so I felt like I was being held in. I didn't want to feel, I don't know the word, like loose or maybe just unsupported. Your stomach has gone through so much stuff. So I would say for the next couple of weeks after delivery you do want to feel that you're being supported on your tummy area.I mean every human body is different. So we all have to be kind. But when people are like, "Oh it'll snap back in, like six weeks so far or six days postpartum." And they have like a six pack. I'm like, what?And some people do that and some don't. I had a tummy and mine wasn't like a full round ball, but I had a tummy, and I almost wish I had round ball and because you just feel like ugh. Like you just look like ugh. Like that's a word I could describe. But it took nine months to gain this weight to nine months for your body to adapt that you have to at least give yourself nine months in my opinion, that it's going to go back down. Even just the swelling or the shock that your body just went through.Every human body is different. So we all have to be kind. That's why people say, "Oh, but why would I want to buy maternity stuff. I'm only going to use it for a couple of months." But they don't realize after you deliver, you will still continue. I used my maternity denim more after pregnancy. One, I didn't have them for my full pregnancy, but I use them so much more because I was way more comfortable and they're still stylish and if you cover the top, no one knows they’re maternity denim. And the same thing with this. No one's going to know they're maternity workout clothes, but if you feel more supported rather than having your muffin top hanging off over the side—to me that would make me more insecure. I just like being held in and supported and that's the beauty about this line. 💞 Good American with the perfect pale pink denim 💞  PS I shot this campaign 6 months after having True. I felt super strong and empowered that I was able to get SOME of it together by then, LOL! Balancing being a new mom (and never wanting to leave your baby) and work was challenging but so rewarding once you figure it all out. Life is all about balance 💓A post shared by  Khloé (@khloekardashian) on Feb 16, 2019 at 10:24am PSTGrede: I remember in my first pregnancy, buying things thinking, I'll just buy this because I'm only going to need to wear this for the next couple of months. And the reality is you don't just turn back into what you were previously, and then, your body's just changed forever. And so you do need to invest in things that you're going to be able to wear for months after your pregnancy, and things that are going to be good in those months when you've just had the baby and you just want to be super comfortable. And that's why we decided to do the nursing bra, because we're like, "How do you do something that's super supportive and works while you're moving up and down? But then, that's also functional for after you have the baby?"And so, the nursing bra for us was the perfect place to get a little bit experimental and go, "Can we do something that's functional and supportive but then has a use afterwards?" So you're not just hanging around with all this excess stuff that goes in a box for, one day, another pregnancy, or goes to the charity shop. After you had your baby, was there a specific workout that helped you get back in shape and feel good? Was that a priority for you?Kardashian: Well, working out was because I worked out so much prior and then during my pregnancy, so you have to take about six weeks off and as soon as you're clear from your doctor, I was so excited to work out, but mentally I was so much stronger than I was physically because I took so much time off. And so mentally I wanted to do all these things but physically, I wasn't able to do them. And that was really hard for me to understand. And it was more me building back up my endurance and my strengths. We definitely worked a lot on my abs because that was the most shocking part on my body. I mean like my body was in most shock, stomach-wise. And so we did a lot of abs—we did more Pilates moves, not too much too soon and you have to ease back into it. I don't really believe in big diet fads or I'm not trying to lose 30 pounds in 30 days.But consistency is key. So even if you're just going on a walk, just doing it consistently and always pushing yourself a little more with each week. Just trying to gradually build that endurance. But I'm someone who likes just to do things slow as long as you're consistent because I don't really believe in big diet fads or I'm not trying to lose 30 pounds in 30 days. I don't try to do anything too crazy like that. I just want a lifestyle rather than a moment in time.Do you have any advice for someone who's trying to get back to working out after having a baby or might be struggling to regain her body confidence? Kardashian: That was definitely something I went through. It sucks because with social media, it could be such a great tool to give you information and to help you, but you also do a lot of comparing yourself to others. And like I said earlier, every human body is different and we have to do what's best for us and also our living environment. Like if some people have help, it's probably easier for them to go work out. And if some people don't, it's just not. But I waited until I was sadly like excited to work out. I was really looking forward to it. And I did 30 minutes a day for the first week just to get back into it. And I was really excited. I was like, Okay, now this week I'm going to go to 45 minutes. And it was more exciting rather than daunting and God, I have to work out today. And it was just doing little things.When True was napping that's what I would do it, and I would just go downstairs and do house workouts. I wasn't having to commute far. You have to ease yourself back into it. Getting back into routine is probably the hardest part. I do think it's mind over matter. But once I started noticing some changes, it really made me feel good. And setting small goals for yourself. But you do have to know that you have to be kind to yourself. You just had a baby, you're taking care of the baby. For me, breastfeeding was really hard. So there's a lot going on and the hormones and everything is a whole different thing. Pregnancy takes a toll on yourself and I think just doing little by little, it will help mentally you feel better too.  🐆 I tend to workout harder when I have cute workout clothes on 🐆 head over to GoodAmerican.com there’s a SALE going on.  Fun Fact: I did this shoot 3 months after having True. I was nervous shooting with some of my @goodamerican girls but that was all in my head. The #GoodSquad is so supportive, uplifting and loving! Empowered women empower women!!!A post shared by  Khloé (@khloekardashian) on Nov 25, 2018 at 1:44pm PSTI feel like you know, I used to be a lot bigger without being pregnant. Just my weight was a lot bigger and I think even that's one reason why we started this. The whole idea of the brand and having size inclusivity. I used to be a size 12 or 14 and when I was, I wasn't offered cute clothes in a size 12 or 14. I was offered whatever the scraps they wanted to give me and I thought, don't tell the consumer what they want to buy, just because I'm a 12 or 14. I was really confident, probably more confident than I can be at times now. And I wanted to be in sexy clothes. I wanted to be in bodycon stuff. And so I just feel like that was never offered to me. I used to be a size 12 or 14 and when I was, I wasn't offered cute clothes in a size 12 or 14. I was offered the scraps.That’s one reason Good American came to fruition. But then with maternity, too, when I was pregnant and looking for workout clothes. There were more baggy options—nothing was tight as well. And I looked better showing off my tummy. I didn't want people to think, Is she pregnant? Is she not pregnant? Like you're kind of afraid to talk about that or to ask if you are or not. So with me, I liked being in tighter clothes. So with our maternity, we offer bike shorts and sports bras and cute trendy leggings and it's not going to be just a couple of scrap pieces that we're dictating how everybody should wear them. We're going to have a good variety of pieces. I really do love from the line. We have great sports bras that function as nursing bras as well. I think that's a key piece because I never had the problem of having big breasts before my pregnancy and so I didn't realize how much support big boobs really need and when you're breastfeeding, it's not a fun feeling. At least for me it's not. And so it felt good to be that supported and I love how easy these nursing bras are on. You're multitasking, you're holding a baby and the baby's crying and blah, blah, blah. It’s just refreshing to know you just unsnap your bra. It's just, it's really easy. I think you have to play with it to understand the difference in how easy it is. But I also love the high-waisted bike shorts from the performance collection. They're supportive and I love the compression and you don't feel suffocated in them. It feels just right.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's all about the plunging necklines and cheeky cutouts. Maybe there was a time when one-piece swimsuits were seen as dowdy or matronly...but, honestly, we can't remember it. One-pieces are essentially the bikini's more flattering counterpart (seriously, they somehow look good on everyone). After seeing the latest trendy cutouts, graphic patterns, and strappy details, you'll forget why you ever wanted a two-piece in the first place. Take a look at the best one-pieces ahead of your tropical getaway—and if you're not going anywhere? Invest in one now, and have something to look forward to for summer.Blue jeans fans rejoice, I found a cute denim swimsuit. You'll quickly count this as one of your favorites because of the plunging neckline and and cutouts with a sexy front tie fastening. Just like your favorite denim bottoms, this one looks cute with anything, like that cotton maxi skirt in your closet.Channel the nature vibes of Brazil in this macaw appliqué swimsuit. The one-piece features a mesh middle so the design looks imprinted on your skin while the strapless style helps you avoid shoulder tan lines. This piece is a must-have for summer and will make a statement at the pool or on your 'gram.This affordable swimsuit has cutouts all over and a ring detail on the straps for that not-too-simple look. You'll notice the one piece isn't completely smooth either because it's made with a shirred material. Trade in your black swimsuit STAT for this baby.Keep your one-piece swimsuit playful with a peplum waist and gingham print. This one from Marysia comes with a fun little black dotted trim. A plunging neckline and equally low back adds allure to the otherwise super sweet look. One thing I love about long-sleeve swimsuits: you can go easy on the sunblock. This is perfect for those who are looking for fuller coverage, but still want something fresh and eye-catching. (Peep the adorable floral print.) Add a straw tote or sunglasses and you're good to go.Sorry, what were you saying? I was lost in a daydream about all the places I could wear this swimsuit to, from the beaches of Costa Rica to the shores of Fire Island, New York. The palm tree print is so vibrant, I can almost smell the ocean and taste the dollar coconuts. You already know this is on my wishlist. A ruched bodice gives this fully lined swimsuit a sculpting effect on the tummy, back, and butt. Aside from the flattering silhouette, you can wear this one piece with or without straps, if you want to avoid tan lines. For just $35, this floral swimsuit is a steal. Not ready to leave the comfort zone of black swimsuits? Ease yourself into "colors" with this half-beige, half-black one-piece. Though the hues are tame, the swimsuit itself has a low-cut front and back for a sultry look. Wear with shorts and beige sandals to dinner—it effectively becomes a bodysuit. A swimsuit that throws it back to your favorite tube tops of yesteryear. Unlike those ones, however, this one piece won't slide around—it'll stay right where it is, thanks to the side boning on top. Plus, laces in the back give you the option to wear this swim piece looser or tighter, depending on your preference.Take the guesswork out of which accessories to pair with your swimsuit. This option from Solid & Striped comes with a white belt to match the polka dots. With just this one small tweak, the vintage-style swimsuit becomes way more interesting. Style with white cat-eye sunglasses and a floppy hat. I'm not sure what to focus on first—the black sash, the side cutouts, or the back of the swimsuit. There's a lot going on here, but the designs come together in a harmonious way that makes the-one piece extra special. If you're looking for something a little different, this is it. This swimsuit looks so sweet, it makes my teeth hurt. (You can thank the baby-pink floral print and shoulder bows for that.) As "covered up" as this one-piece may seem, the back does dip pretty low—though not so low you need to worry about exposing anything.Anyone can design a leopard print swimsuit, but Norma Kamali takes it one step further with mesh paneling. This one-piece gives the illusion of skin-baring cutouts and looks sexy without appearing tacky; meanwhile, the high-cut sides elongate your legs. Just make sure to apply sunscreen evenly, so you don't get a one-shoulder strap tan line. Australian label Zimmermann is famous for its romantic resort wear in floral patterns, and it's beloved by celebrities like Kendall Jenner, Chrissy Teigen, and Margot Robbie. If you want to dress like the stars do, invest (I say this because it's a little pricey) in this airy cutout swimsuit. You won't regret it once the compliments start rolling in.When I want a little lift in the chest area, I turn to bustier-style swimsuits. This sporty two-toned one-piece from Tory Burch falls right into that wheelhouse. It has molded underwire cups, a pretty waistband, and adjustable straps. I couldn't ask for more.Scallop detailing is a cute way to add detail to a black swimsuit without resorting to crazy ruffles or cutouts. This strapless piece has just a tiny cutout in the middle to bring out the scallop detailing, but is otherwise a no-fuss design you can wear to the pool or on a sun lounger.Made in Brazil, this black one-piece has amazing stretch so it doesn't sit too tight across your figure. The delicate straps turn into a racerback style from behind, and a cheeky fit reveals just enough of your butt without your feeling totally embarrassed about it. Let's go back, back to the '60s with this polka dot halter. You can't tell from this photo, but it even has an underwire to support larger busts, while the triple-strength spandex smoothes your figure. Ready to get your retro vibes on?This matching two-piece set is perfect if you're a mom who wants to match your little one. It's also a great gift for your cousin or niece because, obviously, she wants to be just like you. You're not a regular aunt, you're a cool aunt.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The only thing you'll worry about is which cocktail to drink.Alert: 2019 will be the summer of pool parties. Maybe you've already booked a trip to Vegas to partake in the beach club festivities, or, if you're me, plan to stay local and rent a house somewhere out of the city that has a pool so you can throw a soirée with friends. But once you've decided on your plans—see you in the Hamptons?—you'll need to pack some outfits. Swimsuits are all but a given, but what do you wear on top? If you need ideas, a.k.a. some outfit inspo, I have planned out all your looks, and by default, mine, below. Show up to your pool party all dressed up and get ready to eat, drink, and schmooze.A see-through caftan is the kind of cover-up you need if you plan on 1. drying off fast through your clothes and 2. showing off your bikini. That's why you should opt for this colored gingham print two piece, which contains enough color to really pop underneath a tunic. The mesh material will also ensure you continue working on that tan/soaking up the vitamin D as you lounge poolside to eat and drink.Shop the pieces: 1. Flagpole caftan, $475; 2. Marysia gingham bikini top ($195), 3. Marysia gingham bottom ($195); 4. Barneys New York straw tote, $47; 5. Hunter Original adjustable slide, $34Denim shorts are a pool-party staple because they're so easy to wear. Skip the shirt and simply wear your bikini (this one works because it looks like a crop top) with your cutoffs. Arrive to the pool ready to jump in! A panama hat, a woven tote with a pouch to keep your belongings try, and comfy slides are the only accessories you'll need.Shop the pieces: 1. Patbo paradise print bikini top, $150; 2. Levi's denim shorts, $60; 3. Halogen panama hat, $39; 4. Topshop tote bag, $40; 5. Clarks tan leather slides, $100 If your favorite black sarong needs a little pick-me-up this season, style it with a sequined bikini. The glittery two piece will definitely stand out at the party, but won't look totally out of place thanks to the black cover-up. (We love this one from Melissa Odabash, which has pom-pom edges.) A wide brim hat and sunglasses add to your "yes, I look ahmazing vibe," while cute leather sandals and bag keep your fashionista game on point.Shop the pieces: 1. Oseree sequined bikini, $295; 2. Siraleah straw hat, $35; 3. Gentle Monster x Fendi sunglasses, $430; 4. Melissa Odabash sarong, $123; 5. Zara crossover sandals, $46; 6. Topshop rope bag, $52In a time crunch? For an outfit that can take you from the pool to anywhere else that day, you'll want to slip into a dress. This one from Mara Hoffman hides your bikini at that semi-fancy restaurant with your mom while a cool straw bucket hat and pair of slides complete the casual but 100 percent on-trend look. Shop the pieces: 1. Eric Javits straw hat, $240; 2. Mara Hoffman cotton maxi dress, $395; 3. H&M bikini top, $18; 4. H&M bikini bottom, $13; 5. Frances Valentine tote bag, $225; 6. Kaanas slides, $129There's an expectation that if you're attending a pool party, you'll actually wade into the pool. But if today is not that day, totally fine. Lounge on a chair is this comfy two-piece set that gives the ultimate resort vibes with your drink in hand. A pineapple tote and espadrille heels keep the outfit fun and light. Do stash a swimsuit in your bag JIC you change your mind about taking a quick dip, though. (Peer pressure, I know.)Shop the pieces: 1. Jade Swim black one-piece swimsuit, $220; 2. Cult Gaia striped button-down, $320; 3. Cult Gaia midi skirt, $523; 4. Lack of Color straw hat, $182; 5. Jeff Wan pineapple tote, $88; 6. Dolce Vita espadrille wedge, $120•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE NOW		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I have worn this jacket within a thread of its life.In our biweekly series, editors share "the item they wear to death," whether it be a basic white tee or a super-trendy jumpsuit. Prepare yourself (and your credit card) for some guilt-free shopping.I have been an eBay shopper for years.  Apparently, I enjoy the the gamble of buying things sight-unseen and then selling most of it back to Beacon's Closet, a resale boutique in New York City.  The rare success of finding a vintage item that fits well, flatters, and is unique, however, is worth all the trouble.One of my favorite purchases from eBay is a beige vintage Calvin Klein raincoat that was described as a "duster" jacket. I don't look good in traditional khaki, of the greyish-greenish-tan variety.  It brings out the pink in my ruddy complexion. Still, I loved the idea of a duster.  I wanted something long and simple, without epaulettes and strange flaps or a double breast closure, which looked busy to me. The previous owner had apparently loved it as much as I do, wearing this raincoat within a thread of its life.  The tag was dangling off the neck (still is), but the lining had been stitched and restitched by hand. After seven years, I still adore the jacket, and wear it when the temperatures get over 60 degrees.  It's loose fitting and there is a crinkly texture to the lightweight cotton blend that gives it that purposefully rumpled look.  The collar is generous and the wood buttons are cute.  I've rolled over it many times with my office chair and have then had to hand wash it a few times, being careful to preserve its lifespan. People compliment me on it a fair amount too. (Is that just because I wear it so much?)No matter how sloppy I look—and that is often my vibe—the duster makes me feel a little bit put together. The jacket keeps the air conditioning breeze off my bare skin when it's sweltering outdoors, but offices and subway cars are over-cooled.  It's become almost a security blanket: If I feel exposed in something that is for the hottest of weather, I can put this on and feel cocooned. But I'll never feel over-dressed, because it's less structured and doesn't look quite as preppy as a traditional, belted trench does. And despite my previous hesitations about beige, the straw color seems to flatter my skin tone as well.  I actually hunted for another one of these raincoats—and still do on occasion. I took a chance on a checked blue version also by Calvin Klein on eBay, but the buttons were concealed under a  placket and the shoulders were too big.  Off it went to Beacon's Closet. For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Presenting the girl, the lady, the boy, and the gentleman.Burberry has been a leader in the fashion world since its inception in the late 1800s, admired the world over for its high-quality ready-to-wear outerwear, accessories, and fragrances. Today, the brand introduced the latest stroke of sartorial genius courtesy of its creative director Riccardo Tisci: A men's and women's Monogram Collection, modeled by fashion darling Gigi Hadid.In Gigi's campaign debut for Burberry, she sports four distinct looks that represent the different characters celebrated by Burberry: the boy, the gentleman, the girl, and the lady. From a stylish trench coat and matching dress to an oversized printed parka, Hadid perfectly captures the effortless energy of the Monogram Collection.   Last summer, Tisci had teased a new monogram for Burberry on his Instagram, with the modern TB print paying homage to the legacy of the fashion house's founder Thomas Burberry. Per Tisci's post, the print was bright orange and white, but in today's official launch, the pattern maintains a traditional beige and brown color scheme. The updated Burberry monogram is a fun departure from the quintessential tartan scheme that the brand is known for but maintains that classic feel."What I wanted to do with the collection was to celebrate the breadth of who we speak to as a brand," Tisci said in a statement. He brought together a creative group of professionals to bring the spirit of the Monogram Collection to life, including fashion photographer Nick Knight and superstar stylist Katy England.Ready to get your hands on the latest Burberry offerings? The Monogram Collection will be available for purchase in select Burberry stores around the world and online starting May 22. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Getting dressed in the mornings just got easier. I will forever swear by two-piece skirt sets as the quickest and most painless way to get dressed in the morning. All you need to do is slip on the top and the bottom, figure out a shoe pairing, and you're out the door. The only tricky part? Finding those cute top and bottom sets that are appropriate for occasions besides music festivals. Good news—skirt sets can be worn to weddings, vacations, and even to the office if you style them right. In the spirit of finding the perfect two-in-one look for any occasion, I did some research and pulled you 15 options. Whether you're off to the beach this month or heading to work, these matching top and skirt combos will get you there in style.SHOP THE SKIRTReleased twice a year, Le Fou Wilfred for Aritzia is back again—but for a limited time. You'll find this capsule collection is full of whimsical and delicate pieces you can dress up or down. My favorite attention-grabber is this Egyptian cotton tank and skirt set. Wear it at the beach over a bikini or layered over slips because it's a tad see-through. SHOP THE SKIRTRebecca Taylor has the best floral pieces, and this set is a good example of the brand's feminine, dreamy vibes. Crafted from cotton poplin and printed with soft teal florals, the short-sleeve top and ruffled skirt will make you forget about those winter sweater. Wear together for the illusion of a minidress or simply pair the top with jeans and mules. Either way, you'll look amazing.For fancy parties where you want to show off a little skin but also look proper, check out this Fame and Partners set. The high-waisted tier skirt covers most of your mid-section while a crop top with thin straps highlights you shoulders and the tiniest bit of midriff. Bohemian babes will add this set to their shopping carts before I even finish writing this sentence. The lace crop top features a scalloped neckline to show off your décolletage and comes with a coordinating midi skirt with a frilled trim for that modern-day Little House on the Prairie feel.This top has two of summer's biggest trends: a puff shoulder and a square neckline. Elasticized seams add unique details to the sleeves and waistline of the midi skirt. This outfit is the kind you wear to your engagement party or rehearsal dinner when you want an effortless but camera-ready look. Go easy on the jewelry to let the oversize florals have their moment.SHOP THE SKIRTFleur du Mal not only makes the comfiest and sexiest lingerie, but also wearable clothes like this set. You can wear the form-fitting top with a denim midi skirt or wear the skirt with a silky cami. The mix-and-match options are endless, so don't be surprised if this is all you end up wearing for summer.SHOP THE SKIRTIf you're spending the summer in the Hamptons or near a beach, this is the outfit to pack. It's casual and acts as the perfect cover up ensemble for your bikinis. The strapless top ensures your shoulders tan evenly and the ruffled asymmetrical skirt swings with the breeze. SHOP THE SKIRTWhen the weather is somewhere between the high 50s and 60s, pull out this set. The long-sleeve top will keep you warm in the mornings while the midi skirt lets the afternoon sunlight bronze your legs. It's an easy outfit to pull off with more complicated shoes like dad sneakers.SHOP THE SKIRTOn the hottest days of summer, pull out this linen set. Miguelina's "Marcy" top and skirt are made from the airy material in a tomato-red hue that makes a style statement. The top has a cute front knot detail and is sleeveless, so you don't overheat, while the skirt has a ruffled asymmetrical cut. Wear with brown or white backless sandals. SHOP THE SKIRTFor my environmentally-conscious shoppers out there, you'll love Ninety Percent's simple designs. Both this crew neck top and skirt is made from organic cotton-jersey. To get you fully sold on this set, the brand donates 90 percent of its profits to sustainable charities. Buying it. SHOP THE SKIRTWhether you're going on vacation or not, Faithfull the Brand's pieces will bring those relaxation feelings to you. Take this ditsy floral set, which immediately conjures up Amalfi Coast or Tulum vibes. The pieces are handmade from smooth crepe and will feel light, not constricting, on your frame. Style with espadrille sandals.SHOP THE SKIRTAn outfit you can wear to the office and feel put together. Three Floor's "Karaii" shirt and skirt set is made from printed satin in muted tones, so the colors aren't distracting when you give that big presentation. You can dress it up even more with a blazer and ballet flats. SHOP THE TOPLooking for something sparkly for a wedding? Needle & Thread might just have what you need. The brand's ultra-feminine designs suit more formal events where you want to stand out and look glamorous. This peachy set will help you do just that with its shimmering sequins. SHOP THE SKIRTFunded by Purna Khatau and Phoebe Vickers, Rhode is known for its vibrant prints and comfortable fabrication. You'll find boho clothes like this set that look like they belong in editorials or on the streets of Paris. Every garment is printed with the hashtag #OnTheRhode, which is a sweet nod to the label's jet-set spirit.  SHOP THE SKIRTIf form-fitting sets aren't for you, you'll definitely prefer this blousy top and skirt combination. The top is sheer, so be prepared to show off your bralette, while the skirt is light as a feather, moving with each step you take. This is the outfit you wear on picnics to the park or for a city stroll with your SO.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's a known fact that Target runs will get you every time. You walk in needing toilet paper, and you walk out having spent half your life's savings on clearance pillowcases, wine, and Arbor Day decorations. (No regrets.) The reliable retailer is a safe haven for basics—both home essentials and the people—to live and thrive. So you can't fault them for selling us everything we didn't know we needed, especially on the clothing front.   From the store's in-house collaboration with Who What Wear, this dress is the piece I didn't realize was missing from summer wardrobe...until now. Its billowy, multi-tiered silhouette  looks deceptively expensive. And at just $35, people will think it cost you ten times more than its accessible price tag. It's cute enough for brunch with your mom, but the tented style also looks cool, like you bought it at some hip contemporary store in Berlin. Made of 100 percent cotton, you're less likely to sweat it out in this breathable fabric. I also love a non-restrictive mini dress: They flatter your figure and elongate your legs, but you can eat a whole pizza and no one would be the wiser. If LBDs aren't your thing, it also comes in a graphic floral print. With all these rave reviews—in addition to over one hundred 4.5 star ratings on Target—we suggest you shop now before it sells out. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HEREFrom: ELLE US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Blisters? Never heard of 'em. When my heels gave me blister scars that lasted longer than my internship, I vowed to my then-20-year-old self to never waste money on an uncomfortable pair of work shoes again. Some of us are still learning our painful lessons, which is why Marie Claire editors are here to prove to you that comfortable (and stylish!) work shoes exist—and, yes, this includes #fancy shoes for those Very Important Meetings. Shop our editors' personal office-approved picks, below. "These block heels are by far the most versatile and comfortable shoes I own. I can wear them to work, at the bar, running errands, on a picnic—the list goes on. I have them in black to go with everything, but the beige color would also match  my whole wardrobe…so maybe I should get myself another pair?" —Morgan McMullen, Visuals Designer "The cost-per-wear on my Acne Pistol Ankle Boots is down to pennies at this point. The stacked heel is solid and super-walkable, the foot bed is slightly padded so every step on NYC’s hard concrete doesn’t sting, and the pitch of the heel is just right, so I don’t feel like I’m about to topple forward, like I do in some other work shoes. All that and these boots look good with everything: dresses with tights, bare legs with a skirt, and black denim, my workwear staple." —Jennifer Goldstein, Beauty & Health Director"You’ve probably already heard about these grown-up flats—maybe because they went viral on Pinterest, maybe because Meghan Markle is obsessed with them, maybe because they’re luxe and machine washable. I wish I could tell you it’s all hype, but I can’t. These flats feel like you’re wearing Toms, but look like you’re at a smart-casual work event. (An event you can definitely walk to from the office, by the way—these shoes are made for walking, to incorrectly paraphrase Nancy Sinatra.) Word to the wise: They run about a half-size up, so order a half-size bigger than the size you normally wear." —Jenny Hollander, Deputy Editor"Working and living in NYC requires a lot of walking—and stairs. So many stairs! Unfortunately I can’t wear sneakers all of the time, so these super breathable Sam Edelman ‘Stanley’ mules have become my go-to babies. The short heel gives you the right amount of height and encourages you to stand up straight, which makes your butt look way better. But what's really great about them is the little stretchy part on the side that expands when your feet get swollen (you know, when you walk a lot or have a few cocktails). I got them on sale, but would 100 percent pay full price." —Krystyna Chávez, Social Media Editor "Living in New York City I have all but given up on wearing sandals. The hot garbage, mysterious puddles, and subway rats have made me a closed toe flats kinda gal, but I often long for the ease and simplicity that comes from sliding on a pair of shoes and running out the door. That's why I’m obsessed with my Sabah’s. They fit my foot like a glove, making slipping them on a breeze, go with everything—from jean shorts to dresses (I’ve even seen men wear them with suits at weddings), and they are polished and stylish enough to wear to work. They are also crazy comfortable‚ rivaling my sneakers, and somehow never smell, despite the fact that I’ve never worn socks with them. My very favorite quality is that they are built to last, handmade in southeast Turkey. I used to wear through at least one pair of flats every year, but I’m on year three with my Sabah’s, and the more worn they get, the better they look." —Kayla Webley Adler, Senior Features Editor  "I am in sneakers three out of the five days at the office. If it’s not my white pair, it’s this burgundy one from Golden Goose. The brand is known for making shoes that look a little beat up (my boyfriend always makes fun of me for buying already 'dirty' shoes), though I personally think this adds character to the sneakers. They give a dose of coolness to my outfits and I don’t have to worry about stains or scratches because they’re already a lil' roughed up anyways! They’re stiff (in a supportive and sturdy way), roomy, and perfect for an office that allows you to wear beat-up kicks." —Marina Liao, Fashion News Editor "I will be living in these Manolo sandals this summer. They are the perfect sandal for the office—the heel is just the right height to look polished and be able to run around the city for meetings. Totally worth the splurge." —Adrienne Faurote, Fashion Editor "I know what you’re thinking: not another shoe from Zara. But listen: these $30 gems are far from basic, boo. They dress up any ensemble, and the clear heel adds so much character to the snakeskin design. The length of the heel is tall enough to feel like you’re killing it, but low enough to stomp around the city in when you’re on-the-go. I’ve admittedly adopted New York’s all-black state of mind when it comes to my wardrobe, but whenever I throw these on they liven up my entire look." —Maya Allen, Beauty Editor "I'm too lazy to change out of commuter shoes when I get to the office everyday, so a pair of shoes that are comfy and won't give me blisters are essential. I've never had a pair of boots become my office go-to's—until these Botkier chelsea boots. They look great with jeans, a short skirt, or a cute dress and jean jacket if you have a more casual office dress code, like I do. Considering it's still 50 degrees in the middle of spring, I've been getting great use out of them. It's safe to say you can slip them on in the summer too—the faux lining does its job, but it won't make your feet sweat. Would also recommend wearing them out to the bar—the soft leather makes them spill-proof and the black will hide scuffs and dirt. They're a dream, really." —Rachel Epstein, Assistant Editor"My go-to comfy work shoes are my worn-in black Chuck Taylor All Star hightop sneakers. Since moving to New York City three years ago, I've quickly learned that function is as important as fashion here in the concrete jungle. My Converse are a cool addition to any outfit, whether it's a bold utility jumpsuit or a matchy co-ord set. In other words, function but make it fly. Ten out of 10 would recommend." —Ineye Komonibo, Editorial Fellow "These Italian-made loafers are great because of their soft leather and they stretch a bit to mold to your foot's shape. They're a bit Plain Jane, but that also means while they are never quite in style, they are never quite out of style either. The heel is tall enough to give you a dressy appearance, but short enough to walk in comfortably to the office or home, go to dinner, or do errands." —Bridget Burns, Visuals Editor  •••  For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			When Givenchy first posted this cryptic Instagram to its account on Thursday, everyone knew what was coming: CAPTION THIS. THE NEW FACE OF GIVENCHY, REVEALED TOMORROW. #GIVENCHYFAMILYA post shared by  GIVENCHY (@givenchyofficial) on May 9, 2019 at 6:00am PDTThe Instagram featured a video of a silhouette of a woman flipping her ponytail with a caption that read, "CAPTION THIS. THE NEW FACE OF GIVENCHY, REVEALED TOMORROW. #GIVENCHYFAMILY" And since we all only know one world-renowned pop star with a ponytail that flippy, the answer was obvious: Ariana Grande.On Friday, it was officially announced that Grande (and her pony) would become the latest face of the House of Givenchy. According to a press release from the brand, Grande was chosen because "she naturally embodies the spirit of the Givenchy woman with impertinence, generosity and a lightning wit—all cloaked in a touch of mystery." 🖤 #arivenchy #GivenchyFamily @givenchyofficialA post shared by  Ariana Grande (@arianagrande) on May 10, 2019 at 7:00am PDTGrande is "so proud" to be the new face of Givenchy. According to the press release, she said, "It is a House I have forever admired and to now be part of that family is such an honor. I love this clothing and the confidence and joy it brings to the people wearing it. Not only is the clothing timeless and beautiful, but I'm proud to work with a brand that makes people feel celebrated for who they are and unapologetic about whatever they want to be."The collaboration already has its own hashtag (#Arivenchy), but the full Givenchy Fall-Winter campaign starring Grande won't be unveiled until July. Until then, let's all just listen to those high notes Grande hits in this #Arivenchy video: 🖤 #arivenchy #GivenchyFamily @givenchyofficialA post shared by  Ariana Grande (@arianagrande) on May 10, 2019 at 6:16am PDTIconic.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HEREFrom: ELLE US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Marie Claire Accessories Director Julia Gall traveled to Paris to celebrate Cartier's newest collection.This is a modal window.Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window.End of dialog window.In April, Marie Claire Accessories Director Julia Gall traveled to Paris to celebrate the new Cartier Clash collection. Here, she shares a diary of her chic, whirlwind trip.Forty-eight hours in Paris is indeed a challenge, but when Cartier throws down in their hometown, you better believe I’ll be there. Upon landing, I checked into the recently re-openedHôtel de Crillon, (you may remember it as the venue for the event that Whitney Port attends in place of Lauren Conrad after she declines the opportunity, earning her the title of “the girl who didn’t go to Paris” on MTV’s The Hills.) The hotel is fabulous: I have my own balcony that overlooks the courtyard and from across it, I wave to my colleague who is standing out on his. How chic!From here, I set out to get lunch at Girafe, a restaurant hot-spot located in the Cité de l’Architecture museum. The seafood-forward eatery has a fantastic view of the Eiffel Tower and an even more fantastic lobster linguine. I have some time before getting ready for the evening’s festivities, so I stop by the vintage store Thanx God I am a V.I.P., whose slightly grammatically incorrect English name is as charming as the carefully curated pieces in it.Back at the hotel, I’m ready to sip some Cartier champagne and slip into my “creative black tie,”  which I topped off with a few key pieces from the new Clash de Cartier collection we are celebrating this evening. I decided to “go big and go out” in the large spiked hoops and two coordinating rings that are encouraged to be stacked. Don’t mind if I do! The archival-inspired collection is refreshingly modern and edgy and instantly feel like like a covetable classic. The event, held at la Conciergerie (the former prison where Marie Antoinette was held!), is teeming with celebrities: I casually brush by Tilda Swinton, Rami Malek and Sofia Coppola, mere feet from the entrance. I then immediately went home because, how do you top that!? Just kidding. Instead, I rang a “cocktail on-demand bell” at my table, cracked open a Cedric Grolet insta-hyped apple and danced my face off to live performances by Christine and the Queens and the iconic Billy Idol. A very chill first night in Paris! The next day we went to Cartier’s Place Vendôme boutique to get some one-on-one time with the full collection. For me, the high jewelry cuff with oversized studs and coral beads inspired by 1930s and 1950s high jewelry pieces from the Maison was the real showstopper. After spending time in the boutique, we're whisked away to Bronx Brasserie, the brainchild of New York-based food collective, Ghetto Gastro who have “clashed” the traditional french dining with soul food to create this the popup restaurant. I noshed on “The Triple C’s” (cornbread topped with caviar and crab salad), as well as Jamaican patties covered in gold leaf while DJ Louise Chen got everyone dancing in their seats with classic '90s hiphop mixed with the songs that sampled them. Easily the most lit meal I have ever had in Paris, or maybe anywhere.After lunch, I made a quick stop to the Picasso Museum before closing to check out the Calder exhibition. I travel to Paris a few times a year, but rarely have leisure time to check out art, so it was a major priority to squeeze it in this trip and it was a spectacular detour. Our group took over 11th arrondissement go-to Clown Bar for the evening and wrapped up our night with my favorite group activity: some good, old-fashioned karaoke at Bam Karaoke Box. With an early morning flight the next day, my quick trip to Paris comes to a close.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			 She has that West Coast vibe down.When she's not walking the catwalk or shooting a campaign, Kendall Jenner is busy looking like a boss. From black leather to strategic silhouettes, girl's got her style on lock. After all, she does have access to every designer in the rolodex and isn't afraid to try all the trends. (Have you seen her lizard skin-effect trousers?) Ahead, every street style outfit you need to see. And, prepare for all the outfit inspiration. •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here).The star took part in Coachella Weekend One activities by stopping in at Revolve's own festival event. She wore an off-the-shoulder dress by House of Harlow 1960 and white spotted gloves to match the color of her ankle boots.Kendall's purple knit set was perfect for a nice spring day. She wore it with a pair of unique jeans that came with patches of brown on the front.The star bundled up for the rainy weather in a silver puffer jacket and spiced things up with snakeskin pants.Kendall made her entrance at the Versace dinner during Milan Fashion Week in a black-and-white printed one-shoulder dress and white heels. I will only wear blazer dresses from now on because of Kendall Jenner. She looked smart, sophisticated, and daring in this structured orange Blazé Milano number.No print is too crazy for Kendall. She rocked this zebra design with a cropped black puffer jacket and dad sneakers while out in NYC.The model arrived to Longchamp's fall 2019 runway show in NYC. She chose a leather minidress from the fashion house and paired it with sock boots.Kendall arrived for the The Fashion Awards 2018 in NYC. She, not surprisingly, chose a gold naked dress by Welsh designer Julien Macdonald. It's her favorite style of dress for fancy events.Kendall bundled up in a toffee-brown and green jacket for fall in NYC. The star's outerwear collection is one of the best in Hollywood, as you'll see in the next photo.It would be hard to miss Kendall on a Citi Bike in NYC thanks to her furry green coat from Saks Potts. The star had decided to go for a quick ride on her 23rd birthday.The graphic print on Kendall's t-shirt will remind you that the Kardashians probably definitely have several of those cars sitting in their garages.Kendall and Bella attended the YouTube cocktail party in Paris hand in hand while wearing dresses in similar red hues. Bella opted for long sleeves and a mini length while Kendall chose a one-shoulder sparkly number.Black on black doesn't have to be boring. Kendall proved that with a pair of crocodile-effect lace-up leather pants. The flared style was toned down with a black top and white boots.Kendall stepped out in Soho in New York City wearing a fitted, yellow turtleneck and high-waisted jeans. Kendall Jenner hung out with friends at a basketball court while wearing head-to-toe American Eagle. The model's jeans and top are still available to shop (thankfully) if you wish to recreate this denim-on-denim outfit.Kendall stepped out in a powder blue crop top by Meshki and black jeans while running errands in Los Angeles. She accessorized with the season's must-have sunglasses: a pair of tiny frames from her Kendall + Kylie line.Kendall wore a rainbow sequin mini dress from Ralph Lauren while in New York City. She made it daytime appropriate with a pair of white sneakers.Kendall left the Broken Coconut in New York City in a plaid button-down shirt and teal-colored jeans. Ahead of Memorial Day, Kendall showed off her American pride with a Jean Paul Gaultier sweater, jeans, and black boots.Kendall arrived in Cannes ahead of the 2018 Cannes Film Festival in a sheer top and leggings set.She wore a sexy plunging neckline blazer and trouser combination for an event in NYC. The model carried a tiny Jacquemus bag. In jeans and a Dolce & Gabbana lingerie-inspired camisole from NYC boutique What Goes Around Comes Around. Launching the Autumn Winter 2018/19 collection on behalf of Tod's in Milan, where it was announced that Jenner is the face of Tod's SS18 campaign. Wearing high-waisted, cropped white pants, and a see-through polo neck top.Wearing a cropped tank top, baggy denim, and Saint Laurent crystal embellished boots.In a jacket, crop top and ripped jeans at a basketball game. In a Western-inspired shirt at What Goes Around Comes Around in Beverly Hills.In a sheer tie-front blouse and high-waisted jeans while strolling around NYC. In high-waisted jeans and a graphic t-shirt while out in NYC.In a vertical stripe ensemble while out in New York City.In athleisure and a crop-top at LAX.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Your new favorite summer sandals are here. First we fell in love with their floral dresses, then their denim, and now, Reformation is launching its first-ever shoe collection—and you're going to want every pair for summer. From barely-there lace-up sandals to block heel mules and espadrilles, the brand's foray into footwear is filled with all the sandals on your wish-list this season. Ref's debut shoe collection includes 11 styles ranging from $128 to $218 in price. There are some '90s-esque styles like heeled thong sandals and this season's naked sandal trend along with classic summer staples like espadrille wedges. And much like Reformation's apparel, its shoes are sustainable too. The designs are all made with eco-friendly materials like chrome-free leather and jute—meaning compared to most shoes bought in the U.S., they save an average of 52% CO2 emissions, 70% water, and 65% waste. So if you're looking for a sustainable shoe alternative to replace your fast fashion habit, this is it without breaking the bank. Reformation revealed shoes have been its number one requested item amongst customers—but footwear isn't the only new product offering its launched this season. Earlier this spring, the eco-conscious brand launched a permanent collection of extended curve sizes ranging from sizes 1x to 3x and 14 to 24. And just before that, it introduced its first collection of (semi) sustainable swimwear including bikinis and one-piece swimsuits.Consider it the summer of Reformation.  For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HEREFrom: Harper's BAZAAR US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Let's skip the blender this time, okay?Forget the bride and groom (or two brides or two grooms), weddings are arguably more stressful for the guests—especially when you have no idea what to get the couple who has everything. There are a lot of factors that go into picking out a wedding gift: Are you actually attending the wedding? Skipping out because you can't afford that ticket to Hawaii? Gifting the present to your close friend? Splitting it between you and your partner? But no matter what, you want to get them something standout that won't be re-gifted. Ahead, in ascending order of expensiveness, find 20 off-registry gifts they'll love (and actually use) no matter where you fall on the wedding guest list. Florence Welch is the living embodiment of romanticism with her soulful lyrics and Earth-friendly bohemian style. Welch's first published book—which encompasses her beautiful lyrics and poetry—is the perfect gift to give in the spirit of romance, and a more affordable option if you're not attending the wedding. Bonus if the couple chose a Florence + The Machine wedding song.The personalization options are endless on this cool astrology star map that can reflect the universe's placement on the couple's first date, wedding day, or a special event during their relationship. It's written in the stars, after all.Never met a French press I didn't like. Be responsible for less-grouchy mornings and give the pair this beautiful coffee maker that looks like a piece of decor when it's not working its early-a.m. magic.As much as everyone loves a good candle, step up your game and gift the new couple with this bluetooth-enabled oil diffuser and speaker. It comes with a bottle of lavender oil too, so they can use it right away to de-stress from the wedding chaos. That's three gifts in one, so who's the real winner here?Brooklinen's bedding, sheets, and towels are known for being incredibly high quality, especially for the price, and these Instagram-worthy Turkish bath towels are no exception. One side is smooth and the other is terry for easy absorbency.Encourage them to test their parental instincts with this concrete modern mini planter. Just make sure you don't get blamed when one of them inevitably kills the plant. Make them invite you over for dinner after you give them this top-rated gorgeous marble cheese board. Help the newlyweds capture their honeymoon memories with this digital camera that instantly prints polaroids (technology!) ink-free. This could also be a fun shower gift, so that the couple has it to take their own snaps of themselves and their friends at the reception.Assouline's The Big Book of Chic curates design inspo for days from internationally-acclaimed interior designer Miles Redd. The photography-driven coffee table book is something the couple might hesitate to splurge on on their own, which makes it the perfect gift from their good friend, you.If they can easily decipher between their merlots and their cabernets, great, but they're going to need a place to store them. That's where this hanging iron wine rack comes in handy. Throw in a bottle of nectar of the gods to top off their collection if you're feeling really generous.Unless you think umbrellas are a sham, the best thing you could do for a new couple is gift them a deco marble umbrella stand. It will prevent future arguments about the wet mess they left on the floor, and look c-h-i-c next to the doorway. Depending on the crowd, the couple will likely have an extra bottle or two leftover from the reception, which is why they'll need this chic two-tiered rolling bar cart to store them on. It's also a great place to display books and flowers.No, it's not a blender—it's better. Make them a "healthy couple" with this powerful nine-piece NutriBullet set that includes a 136-page recipe book and a 32-page pocket nutritionist.No, this top-rated indoor camera isn't a gag gift. It's actually quite a smart investment for the couple who wants to keep an eye on their dog while they're at work or be on the lookout for ghosts.What's a wedding ring without a place to store it? This special ring box from Smythson that's bound with soft nubuck lining will forever be a reminder of their special day.It's called Oculus and chill, ever heard of it? Help the probably-overwhelmed couple take a break from reality with this Oculus Go that provides more than 1,000 3-D virtual reality games and experiences.Add some great tunes—and style—to their new home with a Crosley record player. If you're feeling generous, buy them one of their favorite artists' records to go with it. (Cough cough, Adele.) When the honeymoon is over and reality kicks in, they'll feel like they're still on vacation whenever they put on these lightweight Parachute waffle robes. It doesn't have to be matchy-matchy either—the soft robe comes in grey and tan. (Remember, you'll have to buy two, which is why this is further down the list in terms of price.)If you don't want to spend $450 on Away's two-piece luggage set, pick a color they'll both love and give them a chic suitcase they can easily share when traveling together or separately. Each piece comes with a built-in charger and the option to personalize the luggage with stickers.You know they would never buy a $325 massive Diptyque candle on their own, which is why it was clearly created as the perfect wedding gift. The cult-favorite candle is fit for both the indoors and outdoors, and it doubles as an accent piece. Their home will smell fresh with a sweet mix of floral and earth scents in no time. •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Whether you're channeling Bella Hadid or Sophia Loren.The search for flawless frames is not a speedy process. It's a never-ending personal journey that involves careful online research and visits to—gasp!—brick-and-mortar retailers to try on the eyewear in the flesh. You may even have to bring along your BFF or SO to answer the all-important question: "So, can I pull these off?" As with most accessories, sunglass trends evolve with the season. One day oversize frames are in, the next they’re replaced by tiny spectacles worn by the likes of Kendall Jenner—it's hard to keep up, I know. To top it off, there are hundreds of eyewear brands out there. Because shopping for sunglasses is a struggle, I'm kick-starting your search with 13 label suggestions, and the pair we're lusting over from each. This European eyewear brand celebrated its official launch in the US this year through a collab with Kim Kardashian. Right in time for festival season, the two released a seven-piece sunglasses collection, from sporty frames to science class goggles-inspired shades. If you're looking for a less trendy, oversized accessory, however, the brand offers those too. You'll find everything from plain black aviators to square frames, all around the affordable $75 mark. Our pick: Carolina Lemke Octavia, $75SHOP ITScandinavian brand Ganni not only makes cult-favorite dresses and sweaters, but also the most amazing accessories. You can find everything from a cool western croc-effect leather boot to a knit beanie to sunglasses. The latter's selections are surprisingly strong, with a variety of round and cat-eye frames. They feature thick, sometimes asymmetrical, designs and are statement accessories to complement your floral summer dresses. Our pick: Ganni Cat-Eye Sunglasses, $235SHOP IT Similar to TOMS giving back model, for every pair of glasses bought, Diff Eyewear donates a pair to someone in need through its give one program. Since the brand launched in 2015, it has donated more than 1 million pairs of reading glasses around the world. Both its optical and sunglasses are designed in its SoCal studio and uses high-quality materials. For example, the sunglass frames are hand-cut from a single piece of acetate, which makes them comfortable and flexible. Fans of the brand include Shay Mitchell and Demi Lovato. Our pick: Diff Eyewear Isla Gradient Lens, $85SHOP ITFor those on a budget, Privé Revaux has affordable sunglasses that don't lack in style. Every pair is $30 and has potential for that 'gram photo, whether you're on a roof top enjoying drinks or tanning on the beach. There are over 100 handcrafted styles, so you'll have no trouble finding the perfect one for summer. Celebrity followers include Ashley Benson, Hailee Steinfeld, Jennifer Lopez, and Emily Ratajkowski. If it's good enough for them, it's good enough for me.Our pick: The Escobar, $30SHOP ITFor undisputed Miami vibes, you'll want to get a pair of sunnies from Lyndon Leone. The label draws its design inspirations from the art and culture of the city and make the sunglasses right in downtown Miami. Styles range from oversize aviators to geometric shapes that make you do a double take. If you're looking for one-of-a-kind sunglasses, you'll find it here for $120.Our pick: Lyndon Leone Venetian, $120 SHOP ITIf you've ever found yourself wandering from the prescription glasses to sunglasses in Warby Parker, you know they have a good selection. The frames come in super wearable hues, from black and brown to clear and marble designs. They even offer frames sorted by width or bridge, so you can find the pair that sits the most comfortably on your nose. Confused about what this means? They explain it all here. Did we mention, like its optical selections, the sunglasses are affordable too? Warby is a win-win for me.Our pick: Warby Parker Aubrey, $95SHOP ITThe rise of Roberi & Fraud sunglasses can be traced back to Bella Hadid, who was the first star to be spotted in the brand when the site launched last year. Founded by Ali Mehrdad Soudbakhsh and Stefan Foster, the young label offers '80s and '90s-inspired frames—a nod to sunglasses from their parents’ pasts—for around $200. This means there’s no longer any need to sacrifice your entire paycheck for that one pair of trendy frames you just had to have because Rihanna wore something similar.Our pick: Roberi & Fraud Red Frances, $250 SHOP ITWhat sets this five-year-old brand apart from its competitors is the fact all of State Optical Co.’s eyewear is made exclusively in the United States—Chicago to be exact. (Go bulls!) The luxury sunglasses retail from $381 to $429, and are meticulously handcrafted by an in-house team of "eyewear artisans," who ensure the sun or optical lens (they make standard glasses, too, for you visually impaired ladies) you receive is of the highest caliber.Our pick: State Optical Co. Augusta, $429 SHOP ITThe design of every HAZE piece is inspired by architecture, which you’ll undoubtedly immediately notice. Take the “Nott” sunglasses, whose strong lines and split lenses mirror the details of the Caruso St. John Nottingham Contemporary Building in London, I'm told. A quick Google image search reveals the resemblance between the sunglasses and the building is quite uncanny. Our pick: HAZE Nott, $276 SHOP ITPoppy Lissiman’s eyewear creations fall into the popular category of "very Instagrammable." The Australian-born designer started her eponymous label in 2008 and ventured into the specs space in 2015. The sunglasses are playful, quirky, and come in vibrant sorbet hues. Some frames are even designed with crystal embellishments or star prints—suitable for music festivals, if that's what you're into. Prices range from the super-affordable $95 to a moderate $130.Our pick: Poppy Lissiman Stevie, $105SHOP ITThe brain child of Stirling Barrett, Krewe (pronounced “crew”) is a Louisiana-based eyewear brand that’s gained a legion of star-studded followers from Beyoncé to Selena Gomez. The stunning designs vary from acetate polarized lens to titanium matte aviators—not your run-of-the-mill frames. Depending on the style, prices for sunglasses range from $215 to $375 and opticals come in just under $300.Our pick: Krewe Ward, $275SHOP ITWhen you shop for sunglasses, one of the most important aspects is how well they sit on your face. Covry tackled this elusive issue by creating “elevated fit” spectacles that feature longer nose pads, reduced frame curvature, and a narrower nose bridge. In layman's terms: Now your sunglasses won't slide down your nose every time you glance down at your phone. This specialized design is popular with the Asian community, who have struggled to find sunglasses that fit their face shapes.Our pick: Covry Prima White, $115 SHOP ITAustralian label Le Specs should be on your radar, if it isn’t already. The brand has collaborated with the likes of Self-Portrait and Adam Selman (this season marks Selman and Le Specs fourth collab), offering wallet-friendly designer shades for just under $130. The Selman partnership gave birth to the popular style "The Last Lolita," a coveted summer staple of models like Gigi Hadid. Le Specs gets my vote for being stylish and affordable.Our pick: Le Specs The Coupe, $119 SHOP ITThe accessories brand is known for its amazing selection of jewelry and now it'll be known for its eyewear too. Handcrafted in Japan, the sunglasses exemplify design and quality at a price point of $295 to $390. (The accompanying chains range from $190 to $220.) You won't find any "boring" styles here, as every piece is rich with details like cool cut outs or delicate chains. The best part? You can pair any of the sunglasses with an equally as pretty earring from the brand. Your accessories game will be on point from all angles.Our pick: São Tomé, $355SHOP ITFor more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			On Wednesday, editors, buyers, stylists, and fashion fans made the journey to JFK Airport in the name of fashion—not to board Paris-bound planes, but instead to visit the  Eero Saarinen-designed TWA Terminal, which will soon be reopened as a hotel, where Louis Vuitton would show its 2020 Cruise collection.In keeping with the backdrop, the looks Nicolas Ghesquière sent down the TWA runway (no pun intended) were a perfect ode to travel and the transatlantic mindset. The Parisian house exhibited clothes that nod to New York City skyscrapers in prints and construction—one model even carried a bag resembling the Chrysler Building—recall city lights in the garments’ hues, and reference iconic the Wall Street uniform. It was a collection fitting the landmark setting.“I was lucky enough to have landed at the TWA Flight Center in the late Nineties,” Ghesquière said in a statement. “It was something I could never forget. This place was forgotten for twenty years, and now has come back to life. It’s like a sanctuary that’s been revived and seeing it enchant anew in a different iteration, as a hotel, is a great pleasure. It’s about rediscovering of an uncommon place that yet is a part of American heritage.”See the full Louis Vuitton 2020 Cruise collection ahead.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It’s in New York City. In past seasons, guests from all around the world have flown in for Louis Vuitton's cruise shows. Destinations have ranged from Palm Springs to Rio de Janeiro and Kyoto. It's fitting then that for the resort 2020 season, Nicolas Ghesquière is showing his collection in an actual airport. The creative director previously announced on Instagram that the event will be at the TWA Flight Center at New York's John F. Kennedy International Airport. The terminal has been closed since 2001, but will reopen with renovations like a rooftop pool, observation deck, stores, bars, and restaurants on May 15. Ghesquière will be the first to hold an event in the space before its grand opening. (The designer follows in the footsteps of Miuccia Prada who just showed her resort collection in the city.) For the celebrities flying in tomorrow (I'm assuming muses like Sophie Turner and Emma Stone will show up), they won't have to walk far to the show.You can catch all the front row stars and the runway looks, below, via this livestream. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The struggle to find a beach bag that's cute and functional is real. Though there are a lot of  options on the market (woven baskets, canvas totes, raffia bags, etc.), only the best will hold an oversized towel, a waterproof speaker, and a change of clothes for a full day near the water. Luckily, these 15, below, (all under $200!) tick all those boxes while looking super stylish, too. You'll want to carry them around all summer long—even when you're not dozing off under an umbrella.Let 'em get the message loud and clear: You're beachin', and you won't be bothered—especially while you're reading a great book. When the beach becomes your second home and you're too lazy to dump out the sand in FEED's "Women on a Mission" tote, swap it with the inspiring "Cultivate Kindness" or "Onward and Upwards" bag. With the purchase of this bundle (that you can totally use for running errands too), you'll provide 30 meals for children around the world. Laying on the beach in St. Tropez—you, me, oui. Need I say more? Your trip to the Hamptons wouldn't be complete without this stylish beaded tote from Anthropologie, equipped with gorgeous wooden handles. Oh my god, it's a cooler. Yes—an insulated bag to protect your seltzer and snacks from the heat that also comes in the form of a watermelon or grapefruit. What more could a girl ask for? This woven straw tote is worth the splurge for its timelessness alone (and, you know, its ability to fit all of the essentials and then some). Maybe if we protected our planet a little better, we'd have less fishing nets in our oceans and more on our bags like this braided-net one with bamboo handles. While you're carrying the Mike's Hard Lemonade in one hand and a huge folded sheet in the other, avoid the chiropractor fee by utilizing the padded straps on this cute waterproof Lululemon backpack. It comes with plenty of pockets to safely store your phone from any sand that may fly into it. Your capsule wardrobe isn't complete without at least one monogrammed beach bag. This hand-painted circle woven tote comes in eight pretty color combinations.If you're just looking to throw in your towel and headphones, keep it simple with this mini pineapple canvas tote. If pineapples aren't your thing, the canvas comes in six different options—including, yes, an embroidered weed leaf that would make the perfect stoner gift.When you've got nothing to hide, this trendy hot pink plastic shopper bag is the perfect companion on the water. Currently requesting this denim bucket bag as a birthday present—not only for its ability to fit my 15-inch laptop during the weekdays, but also because I can schlep a towel, change of clothes, speaker, and sunscreen in it, and still have plenty of room for a pair of shoes. Madewell's colorful striped tote screams summer, and is bound to match one of your favorite one-piece swimsuits. A basket/crossbody hybrid bag that has just the right amount of room to stash your phone, wallet, sunscreen, and towel. Plus, the hands-free strap allows your body to save your sweat for the sand.This beachfront tote bag that comes with a removable pouch says, "Really, I'm just here for the Instagram." •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Allow me to present the best of the best.  This season we're seeing seashell accessories take hold of the jewelry world, but I want to remind everyone not to forget about this other micro trend: rainbow jewelry. It's previously popped up on the spring 2015 runways, and brands like Roxanne Assoulin has built a loyal following with its colorful necklaces and bracelets. Rainbow jewelry is one of the easiest ways to brighten up your summer outfits, and it comes in all shapes and sizes. (I personally love slipping on a  dainty multi-colored gemstone ring or bracelet.) There's a certain charm and elegance to these pieces, so don't save them for "special occasions"—wear them every day. Ahead, I found 16 cheerful and wearable rainbow accessories to go with your outfits seven days a week.Think of these April Soderstrom bracelets as the 2019 office-approved version of the friendship bracelets you made at camp. Wear them all together or alone for a fun pop of color to your Monday outfit. Going on vacation this summer? Try styling this set with a white maxi beach dress to really enhance the bohemian vibes. Roxanne Assoulin has made a name for herself with her fun rainbow jewelry line. Her most recent collection is playful without making you feel childish. To keep the look sophisticated, wear this set of five bracelets with a simple outfit or team these bracelets with one of Assoulin's other rainbow-hued pieces, like a choker or a strand necklace.  If you're looking for a subtle way to wear the rainbow trend, opt for a barely there ring with tiny colored gemstones. This one will fit right in with your regular stack for a hint of color without going overboard.This Alexis Bittar bracelet allows you to try out the rainbow trend in a quirky, unexpected way. The brand crafted a rhodium-plated bracelet that gives off a rainbow glow rather than using traditional colored beads or gemstones. You'll need little else on your wrist when you're wearing this bracelet. These earrings are perfect for when you want to dress up your classic little black dress for a night out. The fun dangly set won't break the bank either at $45. A tip for making this the statement piece in your outfit: keep the rest of your accessories simple. To highlight your sun-kissed skin even more, slip on this set of warm teal and orange hued bracelets this summer. When worn separately, they're an easy way to add rainbow pieces to your collection. When worn together it's a full-on arm party.  Bored of your thin gold stackable rings? This set of three from Gorjana (FYI Michelle Obama loves this brand) will switch things up. Pair one or two of these rainbow cubic zirconia pieces with your classic gold bracelets without changing your usual accessory routine.If there's one piece of jewelry I wear every day, it's a silver bracelet. This option from Aqua is so thin, the chain looks nearly invisible. The brightly-colored stones, however, won't go unnoticed. If you're looking for a gift for someone special this spring (ahem, Mother's Day), present them this bracelet. Most French brands are known for being low-key and subtle, think Sézane or Rouje, but Sylvia Toledano is known for her dazzling oversized jewelry collections that were inspired by her childhood in Africa. These hoops instantly transport you to the faraway destination with its colorful pieces of red and yellow onyx, amethyst, turquoise, and carnelian. You already love NYC-based brand Dannijo for its rainbow slip dresses, so it shouldn't come as a surprise that their jewelry collection is just as fun. This necklace in particular was inspired by "sunny, happy days at the beach," and it shows. The turquoise and resin beads look like they were discovered on the sandy shores of the Caribbean. Madewell is beloved for its amazing jeans and basics, but I especially love their jewelry, which can be seriously underrated. Case and point: this necklace. The two-strand design gives you the layered look in an instant and the multicolored beading will make it super easy to pair with the other necklaces and chokers already in your collection.We already love lucite handbags, so why not invest in lucite earrings? These chunky transparent hoops mimic the arch of a real rainbow to bring the attention to your ears and face. Wear with a white t-shirt and your favorite pair of light-washed jeans.  Dainty rainbow necklaces can pack a punch too as this choker can attest to. This delicate accessory will add a bit of sparkle to your everyday ensembles. Try layering this choker with other gold or silver chains to amp up your neck party.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE NOW		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The Duchess of Sussex is choosing to do things her own way. After much speculation on whether Meghan Markle would have her child at home or at a hospital, the Duchess of Sussex officially gave birth to baby boy at an undisclosed hospital on May 6, 2019. Meghan and Harry have already enjoyed some quiet time with their little one, choosing not to present him to the public right away. (Though adorable new dad Harry did step out quickly on Monday to speak to the press.) However, today marks the family's first time appearing in public with the baby in an official photo-call.  For the cameras, the Duchess of Sussex chose a white Grace Wales Bonner dress. (It was originally thought to be Givenchy, per fashion site Meghan's Mirror, but royal reporters confirmed it was Bonner, a talented British designer who has a British mother and Jamaican father.) Meanwhile, Harry wore a suit while cradling their newborn. Harry is set to fly out to the Netherlands on Thursday, so this photo-call came just in time. Meghan has no publicly scheduled events on her calendar yet as she is on maternity leave. “We’re just so thrilled to have our own little bundle of joy”Prince Harry and Meghan, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, introduce their new baby son to the world https://t.co/RGfVNoJgmF pic.twitter.com/VhijbrW01FObviously, Meghan's first appearance after giving birth was very different from both Kate Middleton's and Princess Diana's. Kate posed for photos while holding her newborns outside the Lindo Wing just hours after giving birth to all three of her children. All three times, Kate chose dresses by Jenny Packham for her post-baby appearances. Last year, she wore a red dress when she had Prince Louis. She wore a yellow printed dress when she had Princess Charlotte and a blue polka dot dress when she gave birth to Prince George.   Similarly, Princess Diana also gave birth to Prince William and Prince Harry at the Lindo Wing and stepped out with her newborns right after.Meghan, however, stuck to her signature style, choosing a Grace Wales Bonner dress, which was similar to her past looks, and Manolo Blahnik pumps. No word yet on a name for baby Sussex. Congratulations to the Duke and Duchess!I thought I had seen Meghan’s dress before but what I noticed was she really does like the button down, sleeveless with collar style dress... new mom looked absolutely amazing, healthy, happy and glowing this afternoon!!! 🇬🇧👑 #MummySussex #MommySussex pic.twitter.com/eCtVLjbZuSFor more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's been two days since Meghan Markle gave birth to her baby boy at an undisclosed hospital (she decided not to have a home birth). Understandably, the new mom has been laying low to take care of and enjoy her time with baby Sussex alongside Prince Harry, who is an adorably proud papa. Since the royal birth occurred in private, Meghan did not pose with her baby outside of the Lindo Wing like Kate Middleton did with her three children. Instead, Meghan and Harry decided to host a photo-call two days after they've had some alone time. For those who were hoping to catch a glimpse of the Duchess since she gave birth, she finally stepped out today at St. George's Hall at Windsor Castle. She wore a white trench dress originally thought to be Givenchy, but confirmed to be from British designer Grace Wales Bonner (you can shop a similar one here from Givenchy) and Manolo Blahnik pumps. The ensemble was expected of the new mom as her style never drastically changed while she was pregnant. Meghan has always gravitated towards sophisticated pieces. “We’re just so thrilled to have our own little bundle of joy”Prince Harry and Meghan, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, introduce their new baby son to the world https://t.co/RGfVNoJgmF pic.twitter.com/VhijbrW01FBaby Sussex also wore a stylish, statement-making look of his own. The new royal wore a cashmere hat and was wrapped in a baby blanket from GH Hurt and Son—the same brand that made the blankets all three of the Cambridge children were in during their official photo-calls.While Harry is set to fly out to the Netherlands on Thursday, Meghan has no publicly scheduled events on her calendar yet as she is on maternity leave. If she follows Kate's timeline, Meghan likely will take a six-month maternity leave (or possibly even less). Kate, who gave birth to Prince Louis, back in April 2018, had shied away from the public eye to care for her third child, though did make pop-up appearances at Meghan and Harry's wedding and Trooping the Colour. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Even your most conservative relative would approve.Let’s make one thing clear right off the bat: There’s no age limit to owning a crop top. You should wear what you love as long as it makes you feel comfortable. And crop tops? They’re damn comfy. Whether it be a soft tee or spaghetti-strapped bralette, cropped pieces are perfect for easy summer dressing. How you want to style a short shirt in your 20s and 30s, however, is likely a little different than how your teenage Brandy Melville–loving self would have. So we've ID'd some celeb and street style inspiration for how to elevate the basic staple for date night or drinks with friends. Ahead, 16 grown-up ways to bare your midriff in style. Coachella may be over, but there are plenty of other outdoor music festivals and gatherings to attend this season. Stay casual in a blush pink crop top that speaks to the warm weather and a pair of denim bermuda shorts. You might be tempted to go with a sandal or sneakers, but knee-high western boots will give you that ultimate street style vibe. A black crop top can be styled so many different ways, but the classic head-to-toe monochrome look never fails. Instead of defaulting to jeans, dress your top up with leather paper-bag trousers and an embellished leather jacket. Finish with fine strappy sandals, which balance out the bolder statement pieces in your outfit.An abstract print crop top is a cool way to show off your artistic side. Depending on what color(s) it is, match it with an equally bright pair of pants. It's all about expressing your creativity, so don't be afraid to go outside your neutral palette comfort zone.For a crop top that can take you from the beach to dinner, choose one with lace or billowy sleeves. The thin material will let the gentle ocean breeze hit your skin, but keep you covered for cocktail parties at night. Just swamp your bikini bottoms for a pair of cream-colored trousers and slingback kitten heels. Jeans serve as the ideal base for a statement crop top, like this one-shoulder ruffle number. The top will elevate the jeans but make the distressed denim will help the outfit feel dressed down on the whole. With this neckline, skip the necklace and instead opt for oversize earrings.The square-neck crop top is one of the It pieces for summer. If the version you find is too cropped, balance it out with a high-waisted skirt of the same color. It almost becomes a dress! This street style star nailed the cream tonal look.Denim-on-denim is a classic combination that gets an instant dose of sexiness when paired with a crop top. Stars like Gigi and Bella Hadid are known for wearing this exact outfit, so don't be afraid to channel your inner model the next time you leave the house.Details like prints and ruffles take your shirt game to the next level. (That level: sophistication.) Take a cue from style influencer Caroline Daur and rock contrasting top and bottom prints.Don't let busy prints and bright colors overwhelm your frame. Break up the look by revealing a hint of skin via a black cropped tee. This is also the perfect scenario in which to show off those toned abs, courtesy of Barre3. High-waisted pants are made for showcasing your crop top collection. Since this trouser cut offers generous coverage of your lower half, you can feel at-ease showing a little more skin up top. My recommendation: Give the bralette style a try, then top with a long coat.An easy way to wear a crop top without feeling risqué is to wear a long-sleeve blouse underneath. Consider this the genius work-around for wearing cropped anything in the office.Crop tops and maxi skirts go together like peanut butter and jelly. The combination gives the illusion of a longer torso, since the skirt sits high on the hips. And if you want to take this daytime look up a notch, simply add heels.Good news: You don't have to donate your childhood favorites—denim overalls, ofc—to Goodwill once you hit 25. This dark wash plus Birkenstocks and a leather shoulder bag is summer BBQ-ready.Don't be afraid to draw attention to yourself in a bright crop top. Bold hues show you're confident in your own skin and, when paired with pants of an equally bold color palette, the effect is striking.Save your conservative blouses for Monday through Friday. The alt version—a cropped button-down—is the shirt you need for when you're not in meetings with the boss. Pair with a midi skirt and chunky platforms and you're ready for that summer concert in the park.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I'm stuffing as many as possible into my carry-on. As you plot exactly how you'll spend those balmy summer days, the first question one might ask oneself is Mango margarita or tequila sunrise? (One in each hand, if you're me.) The second is Hmm, I need a new bikini, don't I? Why yes, yes, you do. To assist you in your search for The One a.k.a. the bikini that fits comfortably on your body and makes you feel great in photos, I pulled 16 of-the-moment swimsuits. Once you've made your decision, come find me and we'll cheers to your new purchase.SHOP THE BOTTOMThis swimsuit is made from recycled plastic so you can feel good knowing your bikini purchase helped the environment. The rainbow stripes add a cheerful attitude to your summer outfit and have a slight retro feel when worn with the matching high-waisted bottoms. And don't worry, the two pieces are completely machine washable. Last season was all about the gingham print. This season, the focus is on snakeskin. This seemingly daring design receives a neutral, tonal touch by Zimmermann, making it more subdued and wearable IRL. The top is simple while the the high-waisted bikini bottoms come with a cool belt and pocket details. You'll be the trendiest person at the pool.The floral-loving gal in me appreciates this ultra feminine bikini so much. I love the small print coupled with the ruffle details on the cups, straps, and waistband. The cups have an underwire shape too, perfect for lifting up smaller chests or holding in bigger bust sizes. Be right back, putting my order in.SHOP THE BOTTOMJohanna Ortiz's swimsuit creations are larger than life, so when you wear them, you'll feel extra fancy and cool. This bikini top can be worn with the matching high-waisted bottoms or separately with a white skirt. This will make it easy to change from the beach to that dinner with your crew. Make sure to pack this swim set on your next warm-weather vacation.SHOP THE BOTTOMLeft on Friday swimsuits are silky smooth and made with a snag resistant fabric (for all you active ladies). The solid styles are suited for those who are looking for simple, well-made bikinis that become staples season after season. One thing to note is that the top isn't padded, so if you're not ready to free the nips, invest in some waterproof nip covers.SHOP THE BOTTOMI want to plan a trip back to the Amalfi Coast just so I can wear this one-shoulder bikini (Italy and lemons go hand in hand). The yellow-and-green hues of this fun print gives off the perfect seaside summer vibes. Bonus: the two piece is relatively affordable, so you can spend the rest of your money on a nice hotel (with a rooftop infinity pool).Highlight that sun-kissed glow with a crisp white bikini. The top has a supportive underwire while the bottoms feature a high-cut fit to elongate those legs. Textured rib and french floral jacquard add a soft, subtle print to the otherwise plain swimsuit. This bikini set will also come with a matching color neoprene pouch to hold all your beach necessities.SHOP THE BOTTOMThis lined bikini top has light padding and underwire cups to support your boobs as you run across the scorching sand to embrace the ocean waves. Once you're tired of the water, unhook the straps of your bikini top (to avoid tan lines, although you're definitely wearing sunscreen, right?!) as you lay out to dry. You get two styles for the price of one swimsuit. SHOP THE BOTTOMFor my sporty swim babes out there, Mara Hoffman offers this recycled jacquard-knit bikini set. The top resembles a comfortable workout bra and looks super stylish with the full-coverage "Jay" briefs, which has a knotted tie design. FYI: this season's swim collection were made with sustainably-sourced fabrics.SHOP THE BOTTOM This metallic swimsuit will add a bit of sparkle as you come out of the waves. Though the top is cute, the winning design in this bikini is definitely the hand-stitched beaded palm trees on the swim bottoms. Pack this set for your destination bachelorette party because it's the stand-out bikini no one else will have. SHOP THE BOTTOMWhen you start planning Fourth of July celebrations, make sure the plans involve you spending all day in this bikini. The red, white, and blue stripes are patriotic in a non-cheesy way and comfortable to wear too. Catch me in this with a Corona in one hand and a hot dog in the other.SHOP THE BOTTOMSwim label Fisch uses recycled yarns made from fishing nets and other nylon waste found in the sea to create their pieces. (You would have never known just by looking at this leopard print bikini.) The underwire cups and sturdy straps will provide ample support for your chest and look fierce when paired with the "Gouverneur" briefs. Complete the outfit with this beach cover up.This off-the-shoulder gingham print bikini is for the gal who loves to sit out by the pool while sipping an aperol spritz. Physical exertion is out the picture because she's on vacation and all she wants to do is lay out and tan. Oh, and she'll obviously want her SO or BFF to take a photo of her in this adorable bikini for the 'gram.SHOP THE BOTTOM Bathing suits with scallop edging are great for ladies with smaller busts. The wavy designs give the illusion of depth in your chest and draw the eyes to the details—rather than your boobs. This swimsuit, while being very now is also a feminine cut that never goes out of style, so you can wear this season after season.SHOP THE BOTTOM If you're in the market for a new black bikini, opt for thicker-banded style. The top's straps are supportive, which minimizes the chance of a wardrobe malfunction as you splash around the pool with friends. To add some color to this monochrome look, style with a pair of retro red sunglasses.Both Rosie Huntington-Whiteley and Bella Hadid love Hunza G's seersucker swimsuits and I know why. The stretchy material is full of give and so soft against your skin. This two-piece comes in a sweet pale pink color that will highlight your bronzed skin.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			If you have Instagram, chances are Chiara Ferragni’s face looks very familiar. The Italian tastemaker, who boasts 16.4 million (yes, million) Insta followers, is a street style photog favorite, and has been a regular at fashion weeks around the world for years, has a lot of fans—including FENDI, the iconic Italian fashion house.Today, the style star celebrates her birthday, and in honor of the occasion, her family gathered together in Rome for a little surprise. In this exclusive episode of FENDI’s series #MeAndMyPeekaboo, Chiara and her husband, Fedez, arrive at Palazzo FENDI in Rome, where she is welcomed with a surprise birthday party at the Palazzo Privé. There to celebrate with them are Chiara’s mother Marina di Guardo and her two sisters Francesca and Valentina, along with her adorable, screen-stealing French bulldog Matilda. "It was great fun to be there with my family and my dog Matilda. I am always fascinated by the Eternal City, you can feel the strong and unequivocal bond between Rome and FENDI," Chiara says of the shoot. "All our followers were waiting for my family and I to come out on the balcony of Palazzo Privé to say hi to them! By the end of the day there was a huge crowd of people shouting our name on Largo Goldoni asking us to come out, it was magic!"Fittingly set to the soundtrack of Mary J Blige’s “Family Affair,” the video — captured in part by Chiara’s husband (that shot in the elevator is all of us!)—is a sweet memento from the influencer’s birthday surprise as well as a fitting ode to the iconic bag and FENDI’s Peekaboo family. "I like to change and try new things every year by always remaining true to myself, this is a characteristic that I share with the Peekaboo bag, as it’s versatile but authentic," Chiara says of her own connection to the bag. "For me FENDI means heritage, craftmanship but at the same time innovation and modernity," she explains. "For me the Peekaboo bag never goes out of style and it’s always on trend."Enjoy the fun video below, and check out more on FENDI.com.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Kim and Kylie both did dramatic hair transformations.Following the incredible main event held earlier on Monday evening, the celebrity Met Gala guests of 2019 soon hotfooted it over to the exclusive New York City after-party. Of course, it goes without saying that for the post-gala bash, some fierce outfit changes casually took place in the back of cars for Kim Kardashian, Kylie and Kendall Jenner, and other stars. From KKW’s glittering silver wig, to Serena’s jumpsuit transformation, here’s all the best outfits from the Met Gala after-party. "Camp: Notes on Fashion"—the only theme for these looks is WOW.The reality star swapped her dripping wet Thierry Mugler for a mermaid-blue latex and silver wig moment.Looking a little more dressed down, the model changed her bright orange feathers for a sleek blazer dress.From baby pink Alexander Wang to an oversized shirt and sparkling mini skirt.If you can't dress as a cheeseburger for the Met Gala after-party, then when can you?Just a subtle splash of head-to-toe animal print for the fashion model.The supermodel squad arrived at Up & Down in a classic LBD and vivid shade of red.Ditching her huge, structured train from earlier, the tennis superstar served two looks in one by simply opting for the bodysuit version instead.Headline in the news: Gwen Stefani Rocks Moschino.Emrata dressed down in a sexy blazer and trouser set.Having walked the red carpet in a lavender flourish, Kylie swapped out the purple for a turquoise sequin dress covered in feathers, plus a matching wig to complete the co-ordinated colors.The actress and singer went with a shorter, equally as fluffy after-party dress.The model changed out of her pink Met Gala look and threw on a furry green jacket.The actress ditched her voluminous gown for a more body-hugging dress.The actress changed out of her blue off-the-shoulder romper and into a custom Salvatore Ferragamo outfit.The model kept it sheer at the after-party in a printed dress. Johnson switched out of her Gucci gown into a leather jacket and minidress ensemble.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"It was a moment I will remember forever." If you didn't think the 2019 Met Gala could get any more over-the-top, think again: Zac Posen (who you may know as the designer of Princess Eugenie's wedding reception dress) just took the Met Gala's "Camp" theme to another level by dressing Jourdan Dunn, Nina Dobrev, Katie Holmes, Julia Garner, and Deepika Padukone in gowns with 3D-printed elements for the star-studded annual event at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City.  "It was a moment I will remember forever," Posen tells MarieClaire.com. "Getting to reveal each piece to each girl was something magical and the excitement on their faces was something that made all of the hard work and complexity worth it. I'm just grateful that I could share this historical and groundbreaking moment with people that I have cherished and admired for many years." According to Posen's team, Jourdan Dunn's dress consists of 37 3D-printed petals. The printing and finish of the gown took over 1,100 hours, and was printed in a facility in North Carolina.Meanwhile, Nina Dobrev is wearing a custom 3D-printed bustier that was finished by wet hand sanding and sprayed with a clear coat to give it its glass appearance. It took over 200 hours to make at a facility in Germany. Katie Holmes is wearing a custom-made Posen gown made of 300 yards of hand-sewn colored tulle with 3D-printed palm leaves as a collar accessory. The printing of the palm leaves in North Carolina took over 56 hours. Julia Garner is wearing a custom Zac Posen gown with a 3D-printed vine headpiece that includes leaf and berry embellishments. It's printed as a single piece with brass plating, and took over 22 hours to make in North Carolina. Deepika Padukone's metallic pink lurex jacquard gown includes 408 pieces of 3D-printed embroidery attached to the outside of the gown. It took over 160 hours to complete and was printed in North Carolina as well.   This isn't the first time Posen has used 3D printing for his designs. He also created an Eartha 3D-printed convertible bag, which unfortunately is no longer in stock. "3D-printing holds lots of potential for the future of fashion," says Posen. "It allows customization, precision, and scaling that cannot be created by hand. I think it will allow designers to really push the boundaries of fashion and create elements in their designs that couldn't have been achieved before."For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It took over 56 hours to make. As we count down all the stars who have arrived in spectacular fashion to the Met Gala, here's another one for you: Katie Holmes! The actress has been attending the annual event as far back as 2008, with her last appearance in 2017. That year, she arrived with Zac Posen who made her a navy ruffled off-the-shoulder gown. (2017's theme honored legendary Japanese fashion designer Rei Kawakubo.) Posen and Holmes, who are actually BFFs, once again teamed up for this year's Met Gala, with Posen creating a stunning look for Holmes. She wore a custom Zac Posen purple mermaid-style gown, which was made of 300 yards of multi-layered hand-sewn tulle. A Zac Posen x GE Additive x Protolabs palm leaves collar served as the statement accessory across her collar bones. This palm leaf design was actually created with Protolabs' 3D printer and took over 56 hours to make. Did Holmes nail the camp theme? Totally.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			An evening of sky-scraping scapulas. When I think of camp—the theme of the 2019 Met Gala—I tend to think of three things: The films of John Waters, Celine Dion not knowing what camp is, and exaggerated shoulders. The first two are self-explanatory, but the third is interesting. Shoulder pads sort of came back in style in recent years, but in a truly campy way: It winked at the past, knowing that the look is sculpted but a little silly, and then dared to be taken seriously. What is campier than that? And so, naturally, there were some big shoulders on the red carpet of the Met Gala this year. But whose sky-scraping scapulas risked slicing off an ear? Whose precipitous shoulder pads impaired their peripheral vision? Let's take a look at the largest and in-chargest shoulders of the 2019 Met Gala red carpet, with each look rated out of 10 for literally no reason. (We'll update throughout the night.)Speaking of artifice and exaggeration! Kris Jenner's pillowy shoulder pads nearly distract from the realization that there's a painting of a much older version of her in someone's Calabasas attic. 10/10Our Lord and Savior Natasha Lyonne looks like a Patrick Nagel painting come to life. 12/10Jemima Kirke and Lena Dunham read Susan Sontag in college and don't you forget it! 10/10No offense but if Jared Leto doesn't tongue-kiss his own severed head tonight, I'll consider the entire ball a failure. 14/10Janet Mock looks so gorgeous that I had to be revived with smelling salts after seeing this look. 20/10 I would watch an entire Marvel movie about Saoirse Ronan's dress. 15/10Madelaine Petsch serving "Drew Barrymore in Ever After" ethereal shoulders. 30/10You know how carousels always have that one horse that's like a beautiful, aqua mermaid horse? That's Florence Welch right now. 12/10Awkwafina looking like a golden-shouldered goddess. 28/10Other shoulder for scale on Miley Cyrus. 12/10For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Sorry, custom Alexander Wang bedazzled thong.Tonight, in honor of the Met Gala's camp theme, celebs are whipping out their most outrageous, over-the-top looks and Hailey Bieber showed off her interpretation of that theme in a custom Alexander Wang pink column gown covered in sequins. The long-sleeved sparkly number was quite modest from the front, and the Barbie-pink dress seemed almost subdued for Bieber, but there was quite the surprise in the back, a whole lot less demure surprise! The back of the dress was completely open with an extraordinarily low dip, which revealed, what the E! red carpet host called "a bedazzled thong." In case there was any question as to "who" Bieber was wearing (despite the fact that her date, designer Alexander Wang, was standing right next to her), the thong featured a bedazzled logo reading "WANG."The model's hair also had a very Barbie-esque vibe to it: Worn in a super tight ponytail high on her head, her hair was tied with a black velvet bow, which added extra elegance to the look.One accessory notably absent from her red carpet look? Her husband, Justin Bieber. Though the two were photographed together in New York City this weekend, Justin does not seem to be making an appearance at this year's Met Gala. Instead, Hailey walked with Wang, and looked fantastic and confident on the red carpet. This is not Hailey's first time at the Costume Institute Gala. Last year she walked the carpet with Shawn Mendes in a very princessy grey dress, which featured a very high slit. Back in 2017, she wore a crop top with a matching tiered skirt. This bedazzled thong number is definitely her most dramatic Met look to date.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Lady Gaga even stripped down to her bra and undies. This year's Met Gala theme is "Camp: Notes on Fashion," which means we knew to expect the bold and unexpected from celebrities on the red carpet. Contrary to what most people would immediately think of when they hear the word camp—making friendship bracelets and the whole sleeping outdoors situation—camp in the context of the Met Gala refers to over-the-top fashion and head-scratcher outfits that make you say OMG. Of course, looped into this group are the outrageously sheer, naked outfits. The red carpet wasn't lacking in any of these, which you'll see ahead. (Lady Gaga stripped down to her bra and undies!) •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here).In MuglerIn custom Dundas and Messika braceletIn DundasIn Versace In VersaceIn Dior Haute CoutureIn ValentinoIn Givenchy Haute CoutureIn Marchesa, Stuart Weitzman shoesIn Versace, Harry Winston jewelsIn Jimmy Choo shoesIn René Caovilla heelsIn Oscar de la RentaIn Chloé, Jimmy Choo shoes, and Glenn Spiro jewelry		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Are you ready for Kim Kardashian's totally see-through, wet-looking 2019 Met Gala look?You sure?Okay, here it is!First pic of @KimKardashian s #MetGala look 🔥 pic.twitter.com/HNHQnCB9htIt's a neutral-looking sheer knee-length dress with gathered details and a plunging neckline, and it's apparently inspired by this vintage pic of Raquel Welch. It was designed by Thierry Mugler, and took eight months to make. pic.twitter.com/o4L4EsIcQtAccording to Kim, the mood was wet and she definitely captured that!Mood 💦💦💦 pic.twitter.com/444eMATAnoSo beautiful. From: Cosmopolitan US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The elusive twins showed up for fashion's biggest night. Even the elusive Olsen twins wouldn't skip out on fashion's biggest night. Mary-Kate and Ashley ascended the Met Gala's pink carpeted steps together, as they've done in previous years, wearing matching leather outfits. Mary-Kate wore a two-piece ensemble while Ashley wore a long-sleeve gown with yellow lining. The costumes were more subdued than, say, Lady Gaga's Brandon Maxwell gown, but suited the Olsen twins preference for dark colors but beautifully tailored pieces. (They are the brains behind The Row, after all, and their outfits tonight channeled the vibe of their label.)Plus, the Olsen twins have been attending the Met Gala since 2005 (!!) so at this point, they can wear whatever they want.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Sweet creature!  The hostess with the mostest! Harry Edward Styles is this year's Met Gala carpet prince. We can crown him right now. The co-host of the event, alongside Lady Gaga, Alessandro Michele, Serena Williams, and Anna Wintour was made for this year's camp theme. And of course, of course, he wore Gucci. Styles walked the carpet with Gucci creative director Alessandro Michele. The two look like a match made in style heaven. Swoon! The young crooner is one of the faces of Camp Gucci, so it makes sense he would wear the brand for the event tonight.  Styles chose to wear a black lace top with sheer sleeves that revealed his arm tattoos. Yes, sweet creature. The best part of the outfit might be the small pearl earring. It's very pirate vibes.  Johnny Depp is shaking somewhere. This look from Styles solidifies his place among menswear elite. The earring, the lace top with a bow, and the chunk heels are pure magic. Styles never plays it safe so it makes sense he would make a splash at tonight's event. Elton John wore feathers, David Bowie wore stardust suits, Pharrell wore the mountain hat, and now Harry Styles in the pirate shirt. We're so glad to have the secretive star back in the spotlight as he has been laying low lately. (We haven't got an Instagram post since 2018!) This is also his first Met Gala ever and it is very clear to see he dressed perfectly. Good to see you, other British Harry! For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Clairenewsletter.SUBSCRIBE HEREFrom: ELLE US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Look back at 'em.The Met Gala is finally here, and there's already a ton to be excited about. The theme this year is Camp: Notes On Fashion, leaving lots of room for interpretation—meaning, the looks are extra hot this year. Lady Gaga shut things down with three outfit changes on the red carpet, Serena wore sneakers, and the memes are so good! Yes, the fashion looks good from the front, but these looks left us speechless as celebs walked off the carpet. Enjoy a roundup of our faves. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She had three different outfit changes in front of the cameras.Start the presses, stop the presses, throw out the presses: Lady Gaga has arrived at the Met Gala and no one else needs to even bother to get dressed tonight, because she just made the red carpet her personal camp-themed runway. The singer-slash actress, who is hosting the Met Gala with Serena Williams, and Harry Styles, arrived with designer Brandon Maxwell, and performed not one, but three different outfit transformations on the red carpet.Gaga started off with a multi-yard-long hot pink jacket, which required the help of men in tuxes to get her on the red carpet. She walked up the stairs and posed before the cameras before —surprise!—she walked right back down the stairs to remove the coat. Maxwell helped her unbutton the jacket we all thought was her lewk to reveal a second look underneath:But! It doesn't stop there! Beneath the dramatic black gown, she was hiding:And then, for the grand finale, she removed the fitted pink column dress to reveal:It was incredible. Please join me in reliving it again:The ensemble was even more outrageous than Gaga's past Met Gala looks. In 2016, she wore a robe dress to the "China: Through The Looking Glass" theme and for the previous year, she stunned in a bodysuit and sparkly silver blazer. As one of the cohosts tonight, obviously, Gaga had top her past red carpet ensembles. She looked amazing tonight.Plus, if there's one person who would do the camp theme justice, it would be Gaga. She had already made a big statement Sunday night at a pre-Met Gala dinner when she wore a short Marc Jacobs 2019 Fall runway look. The dress featured black and white stripes with layers of ruffles. She wore the dress with a tall black fascinator, channeling the royal family vibes. Though tonight's red carpet look was decidedly different and a lot more bold. Bravo, Gaga.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She looked beautiful.Serena Williams has arrived to the Met Gala! The star will be joining fellow cohosts Lady Gaga and Harry Styles tonight for the festivities, as well as hundreds of other celebrities. The tennis star walked the red carpet in a neon yellow dress with butterfly embellishments and her husband Alexis Ohanian was by her side. This appearance marked her third time walking the red carpet (she previously attended the gala in 2011 and 2017). Her outfit tonight was perfect for the camp theme, as it was definitely extra. The voluminous ensemble had a long train, structured shoulders, and was decked out in blush butterflies, which almost resembled florals, that popped out from her dress. She accessorized with De Grisogono jewels. As far as color goes, Williams and Lady Gaga were neck-in-neck with the bright hues. (Gaga wore a pink Brandon Maxwell dress that transformed into several looks.) The two were also one of the first guests to arrive to the red carpet, no doubt giving them more time to shine on the steps. Psst Harry Styles, step up your style game because the ladies brought it.The part of her outfit that most screamed "boss?" Her custom highlighter-yellow Nike Air trainers, which only Serena Williams could make work with a Versace gown. See her full look, below, then check out what her two other cohosts wore.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The 2019 Met Gala is already set to be an incredible night, mainly because Lady Gaga, Harry Styles, Gucci Creative Director Alessandro Michele, and Serena Williams are co-hosting the annual fashion event at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City. This year's "Camp: Notes on Fashion" theme, inspired by Susan Sontag's 1964 essay Notes on Camp, is all about the combination of high art and culture so, naturally, celebrities decided to wear their most over-the-top outfits on the red carpet. See how everyone from Gaga to Miley Cyrus are embracing the Camp theme, ahead. In Lark & Berry London and Brian Atwood In Zac Posen dress and Platinum by Harry Winston jewelry In Zac Posen dress and Jimmy Choo shoes In Jimmy Choo shoes In Giambattista Valli Couture dress, Jimmy Choo shoes, and Irene Neuwirth jewelsIn Bvlgari diamonds In Marc Jacobs dress, Jimmy Choo clutch, and rings by Harry Kotlar and Narcisa PheresIn Burberry In Bvlgari diamonds and Tabitha Simmons shoes Chopra in Dior Haute Couture; Jonas in Dior Men, Christian Louboutin shoes, Borgioni & Marli New York ear cuffs, a Djula ring, and a L’Dezen by Payal Shah braceletIn Chanel In Christian Louboutin shoesIn Chanel dress and Christian Louboutin shoesJonas in Narcisa Pheres pinky ringIn Miu Miu In Valentino dress and Platinum by Bvlgari jewelryIn Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello and Platinum by Harry Winston jewelryIn Bvlgari diamonds In Thierry MuglerIn Moschino and Swarovski jewelryIn Tory Burch In Michael Kors Collection and Platinum by Lorraine Schwartz diamondsIn Versace dress and Platinum by Lorraine Schwartz diamondsIn custom Pyer MossIn Tiffany & Co. diamonds and Jimmy Choo shoesIn Tiffany & Co. diamonds and Giuseppe Zanotti shoes		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			What to consider when cleaning out—and then restocking—your closet. What January does for our fitness routines and careers, spring and summer seem to do for our wardrobes—suddenly everything feels ripe for reinvention. Purging, though satisfying, can wreak havoc on the environment, with each American sending about 81 pounds of clothing to landfills each year (a number that’s projected to reach some 35 billion pounds collectively in 2019), and most won't biodegrade. Getting rid of old stuff isn't the only eco-averse thing about a closet clean-out: Restocking has pitfalls too. Filling your cart with finds from a fast-fashion brand is tempting due to low prices and trend-focused inventory, but purchasing with the intent to wear something for a single season isn't great. Each American sends approximately 81lbs of clothing to landfills every year.Thinking more sustainably while you switch out your closet for the season is a relatively easy thing to do, according to Ajoy Sarkar, Associate Professor of Textile Development and Marketing at FIT. After talking with him, we identified a few do's and don't's when shopping new for the season and thinking about what sparks joy. Before there is a garment, there are fibers, and they are a key indicator of how sustainable your wardrobe is. Natural options such as linen, hemp, and ramie, for example, are going to give you the breathable quality you want in a summertime staple—hey, little white dress—and require fewer natural resources than some other fabrics.“Hemp can grow as a weed with very little care,” Sarkar notes. “Compared to cotton, it uses much less water and fertilizers” and, therefore, leaves a much lighter footprint on the environment.   Practically speaking though, natural fibers don’t have the wicking action you want from, say, activewear (particularly during the warmer summer months). That, Sarkar says, is where manufactured fibers come in. Look for them by brand names such as Tencel—a fabric fashioned out of wood pulp—and Repreve, a form of polyester made from recycled beverage bottles that's proven to be very popular for swimwear from designers like Mara Hoffman."Tencel [lyocell] is manufactured in a closed-loop system,” Sarkar explains, meaning that “they reuse all of the water and chemicals used in the process” rather than starting anew each time. Consumers like it because it feels soft and cool to the skin due to its breathable nature; they'll love it when considering the environmental implications: It's 100 percent compostable and biodegradable (find out more via the #MakeItFeelRight campaign).As with our food, there are guidelines and agencies in place to help certify whether a brand is doing what it says it is in regards to using particular fabrics.Sarkar recommends checking whether whatever fabric listed on a tag is labeled as fair trade or is certified by an organization like the Global Organic Textile Standard (GOTS). Textiles must contain a minimum of 70 percent organic fibers to become GOTS-certified. Dyes, auxiliaries, and accessories must also meet certain environmental criteria. According to a recent report from the United Nations Economic Commission for Europe (UNECE), the fashion industry is the second largest user of water worldwide and produces 20 percent of water waste. It also contributes 10 percent of global carbon emissions. With a lot of apparel being made in countries like China, India, and Ethiopia, an emerging fast-fashion hub,  there's a ton of long-haul travel required to get your new summer dress into your closet. Take a look at the "made in ______" label on everything before you buy and really think about what that far-flung country could mean.Beyond a reduced carbon footprint, locally made brands often mean more jobs for communities around the country. Our collective attention to conscious consumption has meant that more brands are making it a priority to produce within the U.S. (or calling attention to it if it was already being done).Some of our favorites? Reformation's feminine dresses and separates that are made in Los Angeles; the cozy sweatshirts and tees from San Francisco-based American Giant; and the sophisticated styles of Hackwith Design House, all crafted by a team of seamstresses in St. Paul, Minnesota.We recycle food and packaging waste, and the same thinking applies to our clothing. Or, at least it should.Both mainstream and indie brands have set out to help us rethink our more-is-more approach to buying clothes, making it easier to hold onto a single, higher-quality item for longer (via repair programs) or trade in the ones we no longer use (H&M will recycle your unwanted textiles and give you a 15 percent discount to shop).“The thinking is that people shouldn’t buy more, but instead should buy one good product, which will last a long time,” Sarkar notes, pointing to companies that offer lifetime warranties, repair programs, and other incentives to help reduce garment waste.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She has the best denim recommendations.  In a bi-weekly series, we're interviewing female executives, founders, CEOs—basically, boss ladies—on their one "power suit" a.k.a. the outfit they wear every day for easy dressing to conquer whatever the job throws at them.Rachel Krupa is redefining the concept of convenience store. Krupa, who grew up in Michigan, recalls her hometown 7-Eleven as the place "you would get your eggs, milk, and cheese from. You knew Debbie would be working at the register and that you might run into some friends from your high school."After Krupa started her own public relations firm, Krupa Consulting, with a focus on health and wellness in food, she reminisced about those good ol' convenience store days and wondered why today's shops carry so much sugary and fatty products. As she grew her firm and spent more time researching the clean-eating space, she learned it was possible to stock convenience stores with healthy snack alternatives—she just needed to start it.Hence The Goods Mart, a place where you can get coffee, granola, eggs, fruits, and other small goods all sourced from natural, sometimes local, and socially-conscious brands. Essentially, what you'd find at your local bodega or 7-Eleven, but healthier.  "I wanted to take my love of a corner store and my love of snacking and healthy food and turn that into a store that helped support the community and do-good brands," Krupa says. "We try to keep the prices low, like working with La Colombe to have $1.25 drip coffee and finding those cosmetically challenged or quote-unquote 'ugly'—but still edible—apples for 50 cents."Krupa avoids labeling the store as a "health food shop" or an "organics only" hotspot because she wants everyone to walk in and feel welcomed. Currently, there are two TGM locations—one in Silver Lake in Los Angeles and one in NYC's SoHo (you can check out all the products, and order from each location here)—both of which also accept food stamps. Since the entrepreneur frequently travels back and forth to check on her stores (Krupa has places to live on both coasts, but considers L.A. her primary residence) and pop into her two offices, I had to ask about her on-the-go power woman work wardrobe and get some packing tips. Spoiler alert: She has some damn good denim recommendations.  "There are certain rituals I do no matter which coast I'm on. I wake up around 6 a.m. and often take a pilates or yoga class. I get most of my ideas while working out and I need that. Then I come home, drink a liter of water before I start my day and take a handful of vitamins. I oil pull while I shower, then dry brush. I use a lot of essential oils to have a scent around me and to calm me down. It all makes me feel set for the day. I always grab something for breakfast, whether it's fruit, a loaf, or hard boiled eggs. Then, I'm out the door or on emails by 8:30 or 9 a.m. I love my mornings." "I am a jeans type of person. I love high-waisted jeans; I like to have something hugging me. In the wintertime, I wear a black bodysuit, black t-shirt, or a black tank top tucked in. Everything is pretty much black, white, navy, or gray—super easy to switch in and out of. Sometimes I will have a pop of color through a chunky sweater or a tank top. I have this amazing Ulla Johnson bright pink sweater that was everywhere for fall. My style stays the same while I travel from the west to east coast. Some packing tips I have are: rolling up your clothes in the suitcase to save space; always wear your heaviest or chunkiest shoes on to the plane. I also always bring a sweater or something cozy with me, because once you land and get to the office, the AC is always blasting, and I tend to get cold easily. My beauty routine remains the same while I travel too—I put on face masks and make sure to moisturize my face so it doesn't dry out." "My work uniform is definitely denim and black, whether it’s a bodysuit or a t-shirt. It’s really easy. Sometimes, I'll do a pop of white or navy. For tops, my favorite bodysuit is a bodysuit from Goop (I love an open neck), but I also love Ulla Johnson and Rachel Comey. For jeans, I love denim in a darker wash with vintage vibes. My favorite pair right now are from Levi's, but Reformation and AYR make great jeans. For shoes, I really like Rachel Comey or Rag & Bone. Boots in the winter and in the summer, I love a fun mule with a kitten heel. I always wear a small heel because it helps me with my arches. I like not having to over think about what I put on, but also feeling comfortable and stylish." "I think it would be simple, fitted, and confident. Confidence in that your work uniform is something that makes you feel like your best and most natural self. Since I am always running around to meetings with clients, I need to have an outfit that's true to me and also works for all the different situations." "'Do good and be change,' meaning how can we do good in the world but also evoke actual change? This way of thinking motivates me to do more and be better."For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			A refresh on the classic string two-piece.Update your swim wardrobe with the silhouette of the season: the crop bikini. Though we've seen this shape from season to season, it's really having a moment this summer. Thanks to a range of crop bikini prints, from snakeskin to stripes to girly florals, you'll be able to find one that speaks to you. Bonus: the crop top style flatters chests of every size. So, if you don't have a crop bikini yet, here are 16 figure-flattering ones to shop. These two-piece sets are so good, you won't even need a cover-up.Alright alright alright, now this is an Insta-worthy swimsuit. There are so many trends happening in this two-piece suit, from the lace-up fastening and scallop edges to the high-waisted bottoms. Picture yourself in this bikini on a beach with a bahama mama in hand—pure bliss.  This ribbed knit fabric is perfect for someone who loves a little elevation and extra stretch to their basic bikinis. The thick strap and mid-seam lines on the swim pieces are design elements suited for supporting a bigger bust. Just like black, a navy bikini is a must-have staple in your swim wardrobe. This one from Jade Swim checks off all my love boxes: color, smooth fabrication, and a sexy silhouette. The touches of gold hardware also make the suit feel anything but the ordinary.Animal print is the new neutral. If you fear the neon leopard spots, opt for a more demure print like this coffee-brown snakeskin pattern. It takes you a few seconds to even recognize this is an animal print. But once you do, it's not scary to wear at all. The ideal bikini for a minimalist who doesn't want a string bikini or something too covered up. This two-piece is the middle ground with thin straps, but a covered bust, and a set of matching bottoms that has more fabric than cheekier styles. Buttons add the finishing touches on this ribbed cropped set.  Denim has no boundaries in my wardrobe. I love everything from my jean jackets to my high-rise Agolde bottoms, so when I saw Solid & Striped's denim-effect stretch jersey swimsuit, I had to have it. It's the piece that labels you a trendy fashionista at the pool. I'm usually not a floral gal, but this Onia set has convinced me otherwise. The pattern is delicate and feels ladylike compared to more oversized blooms. It has a sexy tube top style and straps that lay perfectly flat to prevent digging into the shoulders. Plus, if you love fashion influencer Danielle Bernstein of WeWoreWhat, this is from her collab with Onia.If your black bikini from last season needs a fresh update this summer, here's your answer. The square neckline makes this bikini look elegant, as does the material, which is is made from textured Italian stretch fabric. Layer on a bunch of gold necklaces to give your swimsuit that extra style factor.This is the ultimate feminine look for vacation season. Nothing is sweeter than the touch of ruffles with pale blue tones. Pair with a white eyelet dress or with a cream-colored sarong. You're now ready for your beach getaway. This swimsuit comes in every color, but for a taste of all three hues, scoop this set up. Not only will the colors remind you of Christmas (in the middle of July), but you'll also sparkle and shimmer in the sunlight from the metallic fabric. Don't worry, you look fabulous. Athletic babes will gravitate towards J.Crew's scoop bikini top, which has a sports-style bra. Combined with nautical stripes, this stylish two-piece will always be a summer staple. Don't pack to pack this with a pair of brown sandals when you're headed to the Hamptons or the Cape. This Tori Praver set is for the one who's not only canonballing into the pool, but also wants that cute beach bikinigram. She's swimming, she's surfing, she's kayaking, she's doing it all. This simple bikini will keep her looking stylish while being functional for her active lifestyle. The florals on this bikini are a tad bigger and brighter than those on the Onia set for ladies who want to make a statement. The straps and elastic bottom band holds everything in, should you decide to play some beach volleyball, while the hipster bikini bottoms provide just the right coverage.Excuse me while I sneak one more floral crop bikini in here. Matteau is known for its minimalist cut and construction, which you can see in this piece. Skinny shoulder straps and a slender under-the-bust band keeps the two-piece looking sleek and polished. This season, designers are elevating their bikinis with texture. Take this millennial pink swim set that got reworked with a ribbed fabric. It instantly looks more interesting.This swimsuit is neither your classic navy-and-white nautical print nor flashy neon stripes. It's that somewhere in the middle style that makes me love it. Skip wearing a shirt (show off the top), throw on linen pants, and grab a good book for that lazy day at the pool.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Elle Fanning, Diane Kruger, and Uma Thurman attended.On May 2, Prada's resort 2020 show was hosted at The Piano Factory in NYC, the fashion house's headquarters. Miuccia Prada showed over 40 runway looks, ranging from tailored blazers to tent-like outerwear and floral tunic-like tops. It girls like Gigi Hadid and Kaia Gerber popped up on the runway and stars like Elle Fanning (who will be wearing sister brand Miu Miu to the Met Gala on Monday), Natalia Dyer, Diane Kruger, and Uma Thurman showed up for the event. See what went down the runway, ahead.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here).		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Sooo, can I have them all?Karl Lagerfeld's successor, designer Virginie Viard, presented Chanel's resort 2020 collection in Paris on May 3. She turned the Grand Palais into a pristine train station, dubbed "Destination Chanel," following in the footsteps of Lagerfeld's penchant for beautiful runway sets. Over 70 runway looks came down the catwalk (you can expect a mix of tweed, flirty florals, and romantic ruffles) before guests like Keira Knightley, Lily Rose-Depp, and her mom Vanessa Paradis. Check out the runway looks ahead and pay special attention to the bags—we want them all.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here). 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's time to switch it up. Listen, laptop backpacks were made for a reason (to carry your tech safely, obviously). But sometimes a gal needs to go straight from the office to drinks without looking like she just came from homeroom, bookbag squarely across her shoulders. For those times, choose from these stylish totes and messenger bags, ahead. They'll fit your laptop (and more) when you just can't part with your screen. Away's Longitude tote isn't solely reserved for the airport—the roomy interior fits a 13-inch laptop and a pair of gym clothes, which allows for a seamless commute to the office. If you want to go even bigger, the Longitude's sister tote, the Latitude, has room for a 15-inch laptop. The detachable interior zip pouch, key clip strap, and option to monogram are bonuses on both. Excuse me while I obsess over this new Khaite circle leather tote. Upon first glance the gorgeous structured silhouette doesn't scream "laptop bag," and that's exactly the point. We assure you it can fit a laptop and then some when you're heading straight from the office to drinks. Minimalists will appreciate this slouchy tote with an interior zipper pouch. At $39, you can buy two (it also comes in black!) when you want something a little different on the weekend, but you're also a creature of habit. This slim laptop bag is a smart investment for future job interviews or important meetings. There's enough room for your notebook, lipstick, papers, laptop (the interior sleeve fits a 13-inch or 15-inch), and it has removable straps. You'll look like you have your shit together every time.Come for the hand-painted edges, stay for the lobster claw clasp. If you're not already the boss, you'll certainly look like one carrying around this beautiful Stuart Weitzman flap tote bag. Laptop or not, J.Crew's bestselling bonded leather tote is a classic wardrobe essential for on-the-go women who just need to throw all of their crap into their bag and head out. Rummaging through your purse for your credit card? Never heard of it. If this slouchy bucket bag's exterior pocket doesn't excite you, let's talk about the comfy shoulder strap and four beautiful colors it comes in. If you thought you loved Madewell's original transport tote, this rainbow stripe style will become your new favorite bag for spring and summer. Every time I arrive at my desk with my Everlane Form Bag, my co-workers are shocked that I whip out my entire laptop from inside of it. A snug fit means it's safely secured during my commute, and the gorgeous Italian leather exterior allows me to take it to events after work without it looking like an actual work bag. Ten out of 10 recommend. Can you tell that we're longing for summer? Take this '90s-inspired lightwash denim bag with you to a coffee shop when you have extra work to finish on the weekend, or simply to run errands. Carry it in your hands or over your shoulder with its adjustable strap. The most amazing part about this soft, lightweight tote isn't the seven gorgeous colors it comes in—its zipper is a rare commodity within the array of magnetic closures and exposed openings on the market. Take this on a quick weekend getaway or schlep it between home and work.There will be no more worrying about forgetting an umbrella and having your laptop get soaked in the rain, thanks to Rains' waterproof city tote. The contemporary bag has a large main compartment, two inside pockets, durable shoulder straps, and a water-resistant zipper. Magic. Angela Roi's Jane shoulder bag, named after English anthropologist Jane Goodall, is a dream for every luxury-loving star sign with its accessibility to fit a 13- or 15-inch laptop and its gorgeous handcrafted vegan leather.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Yes, I want to look this cool.  After the Billboard Music Awards, which was in Las Vegas, Sophie Turner and Joe Jonas made a quick stop at a chapel to say their "I dos." The couple, who has been engaged since 2017, got married in front of friends and family (and an Elvis impersonator) in a surprise ceremony. (Seriously though, imagine waking up to the news Sansa Stark is now married.) One of their friends, Diplo, was on hand to film everything for the 'gram, giving us a sneak peek into what went down and what Sophie was wearing.Since the ceremony was super casual, the star didn't walk down the aisle in a giant ballgown. Instead, she chose a silky ivory jumpsuit from Bevza to wear with her wedding veil. Sophie's style has always been cool and edgy, so getting married in a one piece is fitting for the actress. For shoes, Sophie chose the "penny knot" mule from cult-favorite Loeffler Randall, in a gold color with a 3.5-inch heel. The shoe was fancy and shiny for a wedding, but could just as easily be paired with jeans and a cute top. (For when she goes on her honeymoon.)Looks like Sophie Turner and Joe Jonas are getting married!! pic.twitter.com/zSW17g5cHCThe couple said their vows with an exchange of ring pops (!!) and then posed up a storm as newlyweds for the cameras. If you're into Sophie's wedding look, which, I mean, who wouldn't be, you can preorder her jumpsuit right now as well as buy her exact mules. I'm thinking that jumpsuit would look pretty darn good on myself when I get married...JOE JONAS AND SOPHIE TURNER REALLY SAID FUCK IT AND GOT MARRIED IN VEGAS BY AN ELVIS IMPERSONATOR AND USING RINGPOPS INSTEAD OF ACTUAL RINGS I LOVE THEM pic.twitter.com/539NsKcRX3The cutest couple, ever.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Buy them in bulk.After presenting my findings about the best leggings on Amazon, I turned my attention to another basic: white t-shirts. You'll find that the online retailer offers a small but mighty selection of white tees that have 1,000-plus reviews. After a thorough investigation, I found seven winners, which range from fitted v-necks to slouchy, relaxed styles. You'll have no problem finding your favorite because they're backed by thousands of reviews—and all tees cost $25 and under. Win-win.The consensus on this T-shirt? It's soft, stretchy, and thick. The last part is crucial for the bra test, which this shirt passes—as one reviewer wrote, "you can wear a light colored bra without it showing." Both the sleeves and neckline also earned some praise for being the "perfect length" and "not constricting or flashy." One thing to note about the shirt, though, is that it doesn't cinch in towards your waist because it's a slightly boxier,  looser fit. If you're not a fan of the crewneck, try the brand's v-neck fit, which has been dubbed an Amazon Best Seller.This stretchy tee is good for both large and small-chested women, holds up well in the wash, and comes in 40-plus colors. The fabric veers towards the thinner side, so if you're looking for a T-shirt that will help you get through summer, here it is. Some buyer's notes: the shirt runs small, so size up. There are also no exchanges or refunds, but for less than $10, you have nothing to lose. As for the shirt's longevity: "They will last a year or two, and then I buy new ones," said one reviewer.  This T-shirt offers a soft, curved neckline rather than a rigid v-neck shape for that slouchy, relaxed look. Follow customer reviews and size up if you don't want it to be too clingy to your frame; it should drape over your figure. One customer wrote, "By the way I just had a baby and I’m 145 pounds and very uncomfortable with my flabby tummy. But this makes me feel so sexy it’s not clinging to me and I really love that."  It's important to note the material is not cotton. Instead, it's made of 95 percent rayon and five percent polyester, hence the stretchiness in the fabric.  If you're looking for the perfect layering tee, look no further. In addition to being "softer than tissues," this opaque top looks good under everything from a blazer to a dress. It's also durable enough to handle a yoga or barre class. "I was wearing a black bra underneath the white t-shirt and you cannot see the black through the shirt!" wrote one Amazon customer. Another spoke of its design, saying, "The shirts are well constructed and the fabric is of perfect weight."With over 3,800 reviews, this white tee has received some nice compliments, ranging from "good quality" and "moisture wicking" to "highly recommend" and "great price." Though technically it's a workout top, it's also a fit for those who live a more sedentary lifestyle. (It's sleep approved, thanks to the breathable fabric.) The shirt is silky soft and lightweight, and can be machine-washed without changing the fit or shape. For anyone with curves—you'll obsess over this white T-shirt. The material is soft, but not see-through; the neckline is cut a little low for a sexy dip, and a nice pocket detail separates this tee from the rest. Sizing seems to vary for this tee, according to reviews, so order your normal fit and go from there. Once you found the right size, wear it with jeans, leggings, or tucked into a skirt. Developed to be worn under scrubs, this long-sleeve tee is also perfectly fine to wear by itself. It's thin (the debate on whether it shows your bra or not remains unresolved), but not too thin, according to reviewers, which makes them good for even warm weather. "I have a very "outdoorsy" toddler granddaughter...and overheating happens in a hurry with hoodies or blouses. Hence the lightweight nature of this tee is a godsend," read one comment. A bonus: this shirt won't shrink in the wash and the material is very soft. •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She kept it classy.What does one wear to an award show if you're being presented with a prestigious award? If you're Mariah Carey, you go all out, or keep it classy. The star, who is being honored tonight at the 2019 Billboard Music Awards with the Icon Award, skipped the red carpet but arrived on stage ready to take the spotlight. She wore a long-sleeved sequined dress with a thigh-high slit for her performance.Fans of Carey might be surprised by her subdued outfit, but the timeless dress fit right in with her renditions of all her past Billboard hits. Plus, this dress was still sparkly and formfitting in all the right places. The singer is the only artist to top the Billboard Hot 100 chart in every year of any decade and has had 18 total number one hits on the chart—the most among any soloist. Her hits include "Vision of Love," "Hero," "Honey" and "We Belong Together." So yes, Carey can wear whatever she likes. If you were hoping for something more though, you can check out Cardi B's ab-baring BBMAs look.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I need Kiernan's outfit, stat.The 2019 Billboard Music Awards have kicked off at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas, and the red carpet is already heating up. We spotted host Kelly Clarkson in a sequined black gown and Taylor Swift in a purple minidress, while some stars like Sofia Reyes decided to show up wearing something a little more sheer. Naked dresses, nay, naked outfits were definitely a trend on the Billboards red carpet, and we kept track of who wore what. Check out all the sheer looks ahead before the performances officially begin.In Loriblu heels		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Though it's definitely more low-key than the Grammys, the Billboard Music Awards celebrates the chart-topping songs of the past year. Naturally, artists like Taylor Swift and the Jonas Brothers have had an incredibly high amount of song sales and fan engagement (heard of "Me!" and "Sucker?"), which is why they'll be two of the artists performing tonight. Even if you're not going to watch the actual show, make sure you don't miss the dresses on the BBMAs red carpet, ahead. In  Zuhair Murad dress and Tiffany & Co. jewelry In Giuseppe Zanotti shoesIn Christian Louboutin shoes In Stuart Weitzman boots In SSS World Corp.Carrying Edie Parker clutchIn Hearts On Fire ring In Giuseppe Zanotti shoes In Cong Tri dressIn Tadashi ShojiIn Paolo Sebastian dress, Swarovski crystals, Hearts On Fire jewelry, and Giuseppe Zanotti shoesIn Ports V suitIn Moritz Glik, Stephen Webster, Graziela Gems, Jenny Dee, and Stefere JewelryIn Loriblu shoesIn Rasario jumpsuitIn Loriblu shoes		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The blue light filtering lens really works.In our biweekly series, editors share "the item they wear to death," whether it be a basic white tee or a super-trendy jumpsuit. Prepare yourself (and your credit card) for some guilt-free shopping.The first pair of glasses I ever got, my mom picked out for me at the Costco optical desk. I was 12 years old and had just started the seventh grade. They were a pair of thin, rectangular, gold wire frames that perfectly complemented my mouth of metal and increasingly oily face (hello, puberty). It was not cute. Less than a year later, mildly traumatized, I switched over to contacts. So now at 25, to admit my favorite thing that I put on every morning is a pair of gold wire frame glasses might come as a surprise.  I switched from contacts back to glasses again towards the end of college when my chronic dry eyes (by lunch time, my eyes would feel like fire) became too much for me to handle.  I bought a new pair of Warby Parker frames two years in a row, but neither felt like the pair I wanted to wear long-term. I went into almost every optical store in NYC, and spent countless hours searching for the perfect pair online. I pulled the trigger on two prescription pairs but returned both when they weren't quite right. It wasn't until I was on vacation in Tokyo that I finally found the perfect pair. I wandered into a Ray-Ban shop while waiting for my boyfriend to finish browsing a nearby record store. As soon as I put them on I knew it was a perfect match. I snapped a photo in the mirror and immediately sent it around to friends and family who had been patiently giving me feedback for the past few months. Once home, I found the same pair online and ordered them right away. They were sold out of the gunmetal colorway that caught my eye originally, so I settled on a gold wire pair instead. All that said, the best part about my glasses isn't the timeless look or the ability to see clearly. My favorite function is the blue light filtering lenses that let me stare at a computer screen all day without the negative effects of the artificial light. (If buying prescription glasses, ask Ray-Ban about the add on.) For years, I had been suffering from daily headaches. It became so bad that some days I would wake up with a headache and no matter how many pain relievers I took, balms I applied to my temples, or mugs of stress-relieving tea I drank, I would go to bed with the same headache. I did some research about the benefits of blue light glasses (there's some thought that the high-frequency of blue light can stress out the eye and even damage our retinas; plus, it suppresses melatonin, keeping us awake), and decided they were worth a shot. If I hated the filter on my glasses, I could always send them back.The first day I wore my new glasses to the office, I didn't get a headache. I thought it was a fluke. I wore them for a second day and so on. No headaches. I thought there's no way that these subtly tinted lens has cured me. (By then, I had seen a neurologist, two rheumatologists, and a psychiatrist to try to get to the root of this headache problem!) My once day-to-night persistent headaches, however, never re-emerged, not even once, and it's been six months. Ultimately, I had to believe it was the glasses that did the trick (even if there isn't science support the headache-reducing benefits of a blue light filter yet).So, here I am telling you not only about this perfect pair of frames that fit my face, but also about the magic of blue light filtering lens that ended my headaches. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Meet Nolo.This is a modal window.Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window.End of dialog window.No matter where you travel, a chic accouterment is a must. It’s also necessary to ensure you have a different option for each look. Oscar de la Renta’s new Nolo bag is the ideal size for many an occasion—and comes in a dizzying array of different prints and colors. Pack one for every destination on your ticket.Shop the BagsFrom: CR Fashion Book		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I have my eye on the cherry one.There's a compelling reason for the beaded bag's resurgence: It elevates any outfit with a splash that's equal parts edgy and playful. Accessories designer Susan Alexandra led this revival of everyone's favorite '90s bag last year and now other retailers have caught on to the trend as well. You'll find beaded bags come in a vary of silhouettes, colors, and prices, from a $300 Loeffler Randall option to a $60 version at Topshop. Everyone can wear the trend this season, so I set off to find the best beaded bags on the market. Without further ado, here are 15 options to complement your spring/summer outfits.New York-based designer Susan Alexandra's name has become synonymous with the beaded bag trend, thanks to her cherry-embossed tote. Handmade by women artisans in NY, this statement piece is as playful as beaded bags come. This top-handle beaded number is vacation vibes in the form of a handbag. Made with neutral woven wood and orange beads, the accessory will look especially chic with a backdrop of palm trees or set next to your mimosa at brunch.This top-handle bag checks off so many of spring 2019's best trends. Leopard print? Check. Micro size? Check. Top handle? Check again. Beads? Say it with me, check.Zara's multicolored beaded shopper bag can hold everything you need for an Instagrammable, warm-weathered afternoon: your sunglasses, wallet, a grapefruit, and that book you've been meaning to finish. Featuring a natural, woody palette and a top-handle shape, this clutch will be your go-to for adding a pinch of style to casual outfits. It's a savvy choice for beachside strolls or backyard weddings. UK-based brand Shrimps, designed by Hannah Weiland, has also been a pioneer behind the beaded bag revival. I especially love this wearable piece of art from her spring 2019 collection. The graphic landscape captures the loveliness of a countryside afternoon.  Topshop's acrylic beaded pouch is for those who plan on bar hopping Friday nights and want a bag to hold the necessities, but not get in the way of dancing. This tiny pouch is perfect for concealing your keys, wallet, lipstick, and more. Now your items won't tumble into your Uber Pool's dark floor on the way home.   Ganni's beaded cacti are subtle ways to tap into the western trend without incorporating the cowboy boot motif. The sequin-and-beaded pouch is a playful accessory to any outfit, especially with jeans. Editorial note: I own many cacti and overuse the cactus emoji daily, so I will be getting this bag. Loeffler Randall's functional beaded shoulder bag is spacious and practical. The "Roz" style is especially suited for women who, like myself, prefer running errands with a supply of everything they need for unexpected hurdles.  (We're talking space for a back-up charger, a 60mL skincare product, a wallet, and a sunglasses case.) Of all the bright colors this season, this orange hue is the most foolproof as it easily works in lieu of tan in ways that pinks and greens cannot.  This Elle Woods-approved bubble gum-colored bag is 100 percent shoulder candy. Pair this beaded confection with your animal print outfit of choice for a look that, in the best possible way, feels somewhere between Milan fall 2019 and Paris Hilton circa 2005.Here, a miniature baby blue number for occasions when you technically don't need to carry a bag, but will inevitably be photographed and want something cute to do with your arms. Swing it back and forth for that boomerang shot or place it on your lap for a "candid" I'm-drinking-coffee-and-look-cute snap. If you're looking to lean into the neon color palettes dominating spring 2019, here's an adorable shoulder bag option. It's just big enough to hold your phone and cardholder. The highlighter yellow will add an energetic splash to any poolside attire.Moschino didn't just create a bold red bag, he amped it up with a heart-shape silhouette. The accessory has a thin silver crossbody chain and a zipper closure, necessary details for those who don't want to pick between practicality and style.This beaded tote features the iconic "I love NY" tagline and I am inclined to agree (that is, whenever the MTA isn't running with delays). Cooler than a "I love NY" hoodie version or a regular ol' tote, I'll be carrying this beaded bag on the subways Monday through Sunday.  Sensi Studio's bucket bag is handwoven from toquilla straw and strung with wooden beads. It has that beachside souvenir vibe, except you don't have to travel far to get it. Just place your order with Moda and wait several business days for it to arrive at your doorstep. Wear with a puff-sleeve white Mara Hoffman dress.    •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Fans flew in for the runway spectacle. Dior’s cruise collections have taken audiences all over the world, from a horse museum in Paris to the hills of Los Angeles. For the resort 2020 collection, Maria Grazia Chiuri chose tourist hot-spot Marrakesh, Morocco. The destination served as a creative spot where the house of Dior worked with African artists to create pieces for the show. The designer collaborated with world-renowned Wax specialist Uniwax from the Ivory Coast to produce Dior's signature prints in pieces made with 100 percent African Wax and collaborated with the likes of Martine Henry, Daniella Osemadewa, and Stephen Jones on turbans and pan-African headpieces. Chiuri also collaborated with London-based designer Grace Wales Bonner and artist Mickalene Thomas to reinterpret Christian Dior's Bar jacket (creating this special look in the show). "I want to say that fashion loves other cultures and can work with other cultures. The idea of closing off to avoid arguments" – or she implies, social media criticism–"cannot help anybody," Chiuri said to Vogue Australia.Over 100 pieces were shown on the runways before guests like Jessica Alba, Lupita Nyong’o, Karlie Kloss, Diana Ross, and Shailene Woodley. Check out what went down the Dior runway ahead. For more, tune in to Marie Claire's Instagram Stories for special highlights and behind-the-scenes glimpses at the show from MC Creative Director Kate Lanphear. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's a totally different look for her.While most of us enjoyed a Monday evening involving takeout and Game of Thrones theories, some of Hollywoods biggest stars swapped the couch for the red carpet, to attend the annual Chanel Artists Dinner held at Balthazar’s in New York City. Amongst the A-listers was actress Katie Holmes, who stole the show with a look that could not have strayed further from her usual style.Think of the 40-year-old Dawson’s Creek star and you probably think of floating florals and feminine shapes, but last night the mother-of-one went all out with a slick, leather-on-leather look. Holmes chose a smart black leather blazer for the evening, double breasted with three-quarter length sleeves, along with a pair of matching cropped trousers and classic black pumps. The outfit was effortlessly chic, and came styled with a pop of color courtesy of a classic quilted Chanel bag in a vivid shade of coral. Spot the cute turquoise nail polish, too.With an outfit that made such a statement, Holmes kept her hair naturally bouncy with a slight wave, while makeup was clean and simple. Glowing skin, a subtly smokey eye, and a touch of blush pink lip color worked as a fresh-looking combination.Just last month, Holmes stepped out of her comfort zone in a similar fashion, taking to Instagram to show a patent midi skirt and seriously high nude stilettos combo. It looks like we could be starting to see a new side to her style, and I’m totally here for it.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The Duchess of Sussex has been wearing these chic flats since long before she joined the royal family. Slippers and princesses go way back. After all, Cinderella's happily ever after only happened because her shoe fit. But Meghan Markle's love story isn't a Disney fairytale; she's changing the face of the British royal family. And her favorite slippers definitely aren't made of glass. Rather, she's fond of Birdies, a woman-led company that makes "the stylish flat that's secretly a slipper." And she's been wearing them since before Prince Harry was in the picture. "Meghan has been a big part of our story from the very beginning, quite honestly. Even before she was dating Prince Harry, she was a big fan of the brand," Birdies co-founder Bianca Gates tells Town & Country.Early on, Gates says they sent Meghan a pair of their slippers because they felt the then-actress personified the brand's ethos. "She was a great brand evangelist from the very beginning and embodied the brand we wanted to grow up to be so much," Gates explained to T&C, citing not only Markle's role on Suits and her classic style but also her humanitarian efforts and feminist beliefs as reasons why they wanted to introduce her to the line.Markle was instantly a fan, and immediately started wearing the shoes and tagging Birdies in photos on social media. Fast-forward to November of 2017, when Meghan and Harry shared their engagement with the world."They announced their engagement on Cyber Monday which is just unreal," Gates told T&C. "The media went wild. They started to pull all of her favorite brands, and they started talking about the slipper fit for a princess. It was a day we will never forget."And even after becoming a Duchess, Meghan has continued to wear the brand.  "She chooses to wear us in such amazing moments in time. We really believe that she's being very thoughtful about when she shows herself wearing Birdies," Gates told T&C. "The first time being when she announced her pregnancy walking through the redwood forest in New Zealand, and the second time being when she was in Morocco visiting an all-girls school there. Something that is very important to me personally and a very big part of the brand, as well, is women lifting women."While Gates has yet to meet the Duchess of Sussex—"I'm waiting for the invitation," she joked to T&C—Meghan's support has helped the company to grow rapidly, as has a shift in strategy. Initially, Birdies was focused on making a slipper for entertaining, an indoor shoe which was stylish and even a little sexy, Gates explains to T&C. But when customers kept wearing them out of the house, they brand shifted, and started making a more versatile shoe, but one that was still as comfortable as ever. Last fall Birdies really took off. In addition to Meghan's royal endorsement, which Gates tells T&C is the kind of marketing "you cannot buy," the brand raised additional venture capital, launched a successful collaboration with interior designer Ken Fulk, and started selling at Nordstrom.  Now, they're getting into the bridal market, and just recently launched a collection specifically designed for brides and bridesmaids."It's just an exciting time to be a female led and all female team with someone like her supporting us," Gates tells T&C. "Seeing her wear us just gives me the reminder that what we're doing is awesome and to keep doing it." For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HEREFrom: Town & Country US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Don't overthink it. When it comes to fashion, summer is the "less is more" season. You can peel off all the thick coats, sweaters, jeans, and tights that have constrained your body all winter long. Your skin can finally breathe. There is a tiny problem, though. For those who toil away at nine-to-five office jobs, the less is more look may not fly with HR. To help you toe the line between work-and weather-appropriate and NSFW, I rounded up some conservative-enough outfit ideas, ahead. Plus, I tossed in a few styling tricks free of charge.Once you find the right pair of white jeans, you'll never want to take them off. It serves as the best base for your more colorful tops and accessories. Though if you want to go white-on-white, I support that too.You don't have to give up boots in the summer, especially if you can wear them with a dress. Should your outfit have brighter colors than this, pick a little white or brown bootie to match.A photo to remind you to finally buy that boiler suit. This season there are so many options, though an off-white one like this is the perfect way to welcome summer. Skip the furry mules, though, and opt for nice open-toe sandals.Swap your classic button-downs for one with slightly voluminous sleeves that adds character. A leather skirt and some rainbow accessories completes the look.When everyone arrives to the office in florals, you'll stand out from the pack in this spotty leopard print dress. The hem length and three-quarter sleeve provide modest coverage, so no need to bring that blazer or jacket to work.You can do so much with this formula for summer: a tee, a skirt, and sneakers. Go for a color-mixing palette like this street style star or take it easy with all-neutral tones.Even if we can get away with wearing shorts to the office, we should maintain a level of decorum. Instead of rocking your denim kickoffs, opt for a longer tailored pair of shorts like this navy pair. It looks polished and smart while still keeping above the knees. You can be a little more daring with a fun ruffle or printed top.A bright power suit like this will keep you on your A-game both in style and in meetings. The suit will cut your dressing time in half since you can bypass that whole mix-and-match situation. You have everything you need already!Give your white button-down shirt a break. Select an alternative version, like one with stripes, to keep your look fresh and elevated.If your dress shows too much skin, simply layer a tee underneath for a more modest look at the office. Pick a mule with a heel if you want an extra boost in height around the office (taller = more confident = more powerful, right?). The shoes pair perfectly with skinny jeans and a graphic tee.Shed your black and navy winter blazers for brightly-colored printed ones in the summer. This small change makes a dramatic statement with an otherwise neutral ensemble.For the lucky ladies who work in creative environments, you can get away with wearing a dress that exposes your shoulders. Choose one in a neutral color, but still have fun by pairing it with the season's latest mule heel in a feisty print.You've chosen your one-and-done work outfit: the jumpsuit. If it's a sleeveless option, don't risk freezing in the office. Bring a light denim or leather jacket to throw over your shoulders as you peck away at your keyboard.Save your denim mini skirts for the weekend. When it comes to your nine-to-five job, opt for a longer version. Pair with a billowy blouse and glove pumps.Don't be afraid to shine at work in a metallic skirt. This statement piece can be dressed down with a neutral top and jean jacket.For days when you don't want to overthink your outfit (full disclosure, this is me every day), tuck a plain top into a pair of linen trousers. Add a pop of color through accessories.  The denim button-down is an old classic. Give it new life in the summer by wearing it with busy prints.Heels and flats are office footwear staples, but if you can swing it...why not wear combat boots? It gives a otherwise proper outfit that unexpected touch of edginess. To make any outfit feel more feminine, add a lace piece. Take a cue from Chriselle Lim and consider layering it under a wide-leg jumpsuit.Don't be afraid to wear bold colors or prints to the office (if it's allowed). The easiest way to inject these hues into your look is with your outerwear, pants, or accessories. If you work in fashion, you can probably get away with wearing the sock-sandals combination, so take advantage of it. Style the look with a long-sleeve dress to prove that you know how to keep it pulled together.Dress up your jeans with a printed top and a colorful accessory. My choice: a polka dot design—the trend is strong this season.You can never go wrong with a silky printed wrap dress and strappy heels. This is what I call the "office to happy hour," look.If you desire a work uniform, may we suggest this one? A blazer worn over an interesting T-shirt and jeans paired with heels will never not look polished.Wear your favorite summer frock over your go-to skinny jeans for a casual Friday look that says "I came to work, but later I'm going to party."The first step to mastering the art of print mixing is experimenting with the pieces you have in your closet. Start easy with a striped top and build your look from top down.This mustard set is giving us major  Clueless flashbacks. Selecting a jacket and skirt that already match takes the guess work out of creating a cohesive outfit.Office buildings never get the temperature right. If your work space leans to the chiller side, wear a thin sweater tucked into a pencil or wrap skirt.Summer calls for color, so bring those pastel pantsuit sets to the front of your closet. If you're feeling adventurous, test out printed sets for a meeting with your most low-key boss.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Novelist Claire Gibson, who grew up at West Point, has watched camo print take over the fashion world—and has had to grapple with her own mixed feelings about the pattern. I was never afraid of camouflage until I saw my sister put it on. The pants were baggy around her slender frame. Her jacket had our last name emblazoned above the right pocket.It was August 2002, and though my father had been in the Army for nearly 27 years, this was different. He’d served in a mostly peace time military. Now, our nation was fighting a shadowy organization in the Middle East—one with the resources and hatred to kill 3,000 innocent men and women without a second thought. It was one thing to see my dad put on a uniform: I’d spent my childhood as an Army brat witnessing adults go about their day in fatigues. But somehow, that one camouflage uniform—the one on my sister wore—made it all real.Today, camo is everywhere, functioning almost as a neutral, like leopard print or pinstripes.In the mid-2000s, the classic woodland U.S. Army Battle Dress Uniform was phased out in favor of sand-colored fatigues. In response, nearly half a million Army service members packed their uniforms in boxes to be disposed of, donated, or stored somewhere gathering dust.I bet they’re kicking themselves now. Today, camo is everywhere, functioning almost as a neutral, like leopard print or pinstripes. And if the spring and fall 2019 runways were any indication, camo isn’t disappearing from our wardrobes anytime soon. Designers Jeremy Scott, Philipp Plein, Nicole Miller, and Valentino all tapped the pattern for inspiration. The designs are beautiful, expensive, and—for me—fraught. From 1997 to 2003, my family lived at the U.S. Military Academy at West Point, a prestigious four-year college where everyone wears a uniform. Though I was only 10 when we arrived, I was old enough to recognize that all that camouflage meant our family was a part of something important. Something bigger than just my dad’s job.At most colleges, professors wear business attire to class. At West Point, my father taught in uniform. After work, he’d walk in, place his cap on the dining room table, and rifle through the mail. Though he’d never deployed to combat, his camouflage uniform still held the grassy, sweaty, gunpowder scent of field training. Like Pavlov’s dogs salivating at a bell, I knew as soon as he walked in from work and gave me a peaty-smelling hug, dinner was soon to follow.In our new neighborhood, it was normal to see a weaponized Army green tank driving behind a minivan. On football Saturdays, all four thousand cadets wore camouflage uniforms, jumping up and down in the student section, dressed for figurative battle. Throughout my middle school years, I watched all this from the sidelines, dressed in my favorite Limited Too peacoat, enamored with the magic and grandeur, but without a uniform of my own.During those years, dozens of young men and women came to our house to escape the pressures of life in the barracks. Back then, cadets weren’t allowed to have televisions or personal cellphones. They had access to both at our house, with the added bonus of a home-cooked meal. A cadet we sponsored named Tim Cunningham led my high school Sunday School class. A crew of female basketball players gathered at our house each week for a bible study. I looked up to them all, amazed by their physical fitness, touched by their kindness.September 11, 2001 shocked the nation, sending communities everywhere into a tailspin. At West Point, the air turned tense with the knowledge that everyone we loved—every student my father taught and my mother fed—was going to war. A year later, my sister, who’d attended a liberal arts college in Pennsylvania, surprised us all when she decided to enlist in the Army. It was one thing to see my dad put on a uniform, another to watch my sister wear camouflage. It made it all real. Though my sister returned from deployment unharmed, many of the cadets we knew returned with injuries: some internal, some external. Tim Cunningham didn’t come home at all. Neither did Laura Walker or Ryan Dennison or Emily Perez, or countless other West Point graduates whose names reverberated among our extended Army family. A few years ago, I spotted a rack of embellished camo jackets for sale at the Brooklyn Flea in New York City. I was with a friend, a woman who’d graduated from West Point in 2004. Together we gawked at one jacket with a beautiful design painted on the back. Then we gawked at the price tag. My friend shook her head.“Don’t buy that,” she said. “I have three of those in my closet at home. So does your dad. I can make you one.”At the time, I wasn’t sure I wanted her to. Staring at the thrifted Army jackets at the Brooklyn Flea, I thought of those young men and women I’d known at West Point whose lives were cut short, who’d worn desert fatigues into battle. I wasn’t sure I could ever wear one of those jackets solely for style’s sake. I wondered if wearing a thrifted Army jacket might amount to “stolen valor.” After all, I didn’t serve. I never deployed. Who was I to wear this temporal fashion trend when it had cost my friends so much? My admiration for strong women started when I was 10 years old and moved to @westpoint_usma. For seven years, I had the privilege of watching countless young women choose a path of challenge and difficulty - despite the odds. I'm grateful for their example and love and friendship in my life, both then and now. And I can't wait to share some of their stories with the world. 🙌🏽 #beyondthepointbook #internationalwomensday #neverthelessshepersisted #armygirl #author #muse #militarymuse #iloveagirlinuniform #armystrong #westpoint #usma #cadetlifeA post shared by  Claire Gibson (@clairecgibson) on Mar 8, 2018 at 2:46pm PSTSoon after that encounter at the Brooklyn Flea, I began writing a novel based on true stories of women graduates of West Point. From my home in Nashville, Tennessee, I conducted interviews and conjured up memories from my time within the Army community. Meanwhile, more and more social media influencers were peddling skinny camouflage pants on liketoknow.it. I saw camouflage jackets in Madewell catalogues, styled with bauble jewels. One day, I spotted a wool-and-silk-blend camo print scarf at J.Crew, embellished with a blush pink stripe. Feeling the pull toward my childhood, I bought it.As I worked on the manuscript, my husband and I began trying to have a baby. Our unexplained infertility ran emotionally parallel to my work on the book—difficult, disappointing, and seemingly endless. I wasn’t at war, but I wasn’t at peace, either. For Christmas that year, my sister, now out of the Army and settled as a mother of five, sent me a pair of Nickel and Suede camo earrings. I wore them with pride. Who was I to wear this temporal fashion trend when it had cost my friends so much?I often drove past Friedman’s Army Navy Surplus in Nashville, where I currently live. The store’s red and white sign featured a soldier in a green uniform, wearing a helmet and carrying a weapon. American flags hung in the windows. The drab exterior had cracked concrete sidewalks and a mostly empty parking lot. Finally, one day, I pulled up. Inside, my senses were overwhelmed with a scent I’d never forgotten: shoe-black, grass, and gunmetal—the smell of my father coming home from work. I meandered through racks of Carhart pants, flannel shirts, bandanas, tents, and a host of other kitsch to the back of the store, where the owners kept their stock of used Army uniforms.Unlike the jackets I’d seen at the Brooklyn Flea, these uniforms were worn out, over-sized, and covered in dust. Many featured the desert-beige fabric and pattern that the Army had used for its most recent conflicts. Though the nameplates, badges, and regalia had all been removed, the sense remained: These uniforms had been to war. What I saw in fashion catalogues and running through my Instagram feed felt thin. These uniforms were real.I moved to the section that featured woodland colors. The pattern reminded me of a time in my childhood that I’d never get back. A time when America’s armed forces were at peace. A time when my father would come home from work, and pull me to his side and kiss my head. A time before September 11th, and two international conflicts, and the death of so many friends. The jacket cost twenty dollars. I would have paid much more. When I returned home from Friedman’s, I ordered a customized nameplate from Etsy with my maiden name, “CARLTON”, in honor of my father and my sister’s military service. I sewed it above the right pocket. Then I took a white paint pen and wrote several names on the inside. Since the draft ended 1973, our nation has relied on a wholly volunteer military force. And as wonderful as that is, it’s also created a deep divide between military and civilian communities. Perhaps the camouflage trend can serve as a way to bridge that gap. Though veterans wear camouflage in battle, they shouldn’t be invisible when they return home. Whenever I see the pattern, it reminds me of my friends; I remember their service and their sacrifice. I realize now that wearing the pattern as a civilian doesn't have to be stolen valor. It can be an act of remembrance.Claire Gibson is the author of Beyond the Point (William Morrow), her debut novel available now.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			This is so rare.If your workout wardrobe is in dire need of an upgrade, it looks like today's your lucky day. Because Lululemon—yes, the brand that almost never goes on sale—is offering some massive discounts right now. It's all part of their We Made Too Much sale, which features up to 50 percent off some of their most popular clothes and accessories, including leggings, sports bras, and even APL sneakers. You can even score some awesome discounts on gear like gym bags, yoga mat carriers, hats, and more. (Yeah, now is the time to stock up! )But, because there's so much to choose from, it can be a tad overwhelming. To help you sort through all the deals, check out some of the best pieces from Lululemon's incredible sale—but act fast before your size sells out! These training tights are made with buttery-soft fabric and a perfectly comfortable high rise waist, to keep you feeling great all workout long.This is one of the best sports bras you can buy at Lululemon, and now it's on sale! It feels comfortable and supportive whether you're doing a HIIT workout or going on a long run. Plus, the cute criss-cross straps look adorable!You can never have too many workout tanks, right? This sleek, high-performance tank is designed to stay put during your yoga poses, squat reps, and more.If you've been in the market for a new gym bag, this sleek duffel is a perfect choice for toting all your gear. It includes interior and exterior pockets for everything from your water bottle to change of clothes.When the weather chills out, you're going to want a shirt that keeps you cool, dry, and warm. Throw on this pullover after a yoga class, or just pair it with some cute jeans for a comfy feel and stylish look. The Align Pant II is a Lululemon fan favorite (myself included). And there are seven gorgeous colors available as part of the Lululemon sale. If you're more of a backpack gal, this pretty, dusty blue rucksack is a great choice for transporting your workout clothes, sneakers, and more. The Free To Be bra offers slightly less support than some other Lululemon choices, but it's the perfect pick for low-impact activities like yoga and pilates. Plus, its pretty straps in the back will be your new fave! These leggings are a game changer for warmer temps. In fact, they're my favorite leggings to wear during hot, summer runs. The fabric is miraculously compressive and light at the same time, so you'll feel like you're wearing nothing as you glide through miles. This sports bra is perfect for high-impact workouts, especially for women with bigger breasts, because it offers a TON of support. And the seamless style will prevent any unwanted chafing. If you prefer airy over fitted tanks, this one is a solid choice. It comes in three different colors, and looks perfect over a strappy sports bra. If you prefer a high-neck cut, opt for this gorgeous sports bra. It will keep you covered, even during the most complicated inversion pose in yoga.If you've been lusting after a pair of APL sneakers, now's the time to pounce. Lululemon is offering 50 percent off these stylish kicks—and there's six different colors to choose from.A sturdy workout jacket goes a long way. This light jacket works as a light tank in spring, or a sweat-wicking layer for cooler weather. From: Women's Health US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			As if the flowers and the cake and the venue and the music and the seating chart wasn't enough to think about (the list goes on, we know), choosing the perfect bridesmaid dress that will make everyone happy is probably the most difficult wedding planning feat of all. However, BHLDN—dreamy bridal company under the same umbrella as Anthropologie, Free People, and Terrain—is here to help with a quick fun bridesmaid color quiz.  The three-minute quiz will help you decide which color palette is the best option for your special day. "Your wedding dress portrays your personal style, but your bridesmaid color scheme inspires the look and feel of your entire day—so we understand how daunting it can be to choose one wedding color while planning a wedding," BHLDN states on the quiz's landing page. And, yes, as much as you want all of your friends to be happy, at the end of the day it is your day, and you need to make a decision. Here are the quiz questions, in case you just can't wait:The quiz will automatically generate the palette that's best suited for you, along with options to shop, based on your personality. Honestly, it's genius, and I've taken it three times already just to be sure it's accurate. (Naturally, I got black. Also, I'm not getting married.) BHLDN says the company receives photos from real brides, and the quiz inspiration came from seeing which bridesmaid colors were chosen based on the venue and personal style. For example, they often see blue bridal parties at historic mansions or other traditional wedding venues. So, the blue bride is probably classic and a little preppy. She loves weekends on the coast, wearing J.Crew with a glass of red wine in hand. Her wedding will have traditional touches like a three-tiered white cake.So, basically, you need to take the quiz now. TAKE THE QUIZThen shop our favorite bridesmaid dress styles, below. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Slated for May 6 this year, the Met Gala is the Super Bowl of fashion—the one time of the year when all of your favorite celebrities dress up in the most beautiful, over-the-top outfits to support the Metropolitan Museum of Art's Costume Institute in New York City. Last year, celebrities like Blake Lively, Gigi Hadid, Kylie Jenner, Rihanna, J.Lo, and Ariana Grande came to the Met Ball dressed for the "Heavenly Bodies: Fashion and the Catholic Imagination" theme. Think: sequins, bejeweled dresses, and diamond crowns. In other words, the event never disappoints. Here, everything you need to know about the 2019 Met Gala. The Met Gala falls annually on the first Monday of May, so this year it will be held on May 6, 2019. Red carpet coverage begins at 5 p.m. EST. If it wasn't obvious, the event is held at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City.  The @MetCostumeInstitute’s spring 2019 exhibition will be “Camp: Notes on Fashion” opening May 9, 2019 with #MetGala on Monday, May 6. It will explore the origins of the camp aesthetic and how it has evolved from a place of marginality to become an important influence on mainstream culture.  Susan Sontag’s 1964 essay “Notes on ‘Camp’” provides the framework for the exhibition, which will examine how fashion designers have used their métier as a vehicle to engage with camp in compelling, humorous, and sometimes incongruous ways. // 1. Ensemble, Virgil Abloh (American, born 1980) for Off-White c/o @VirgilAbloh (Italian, founded 2013), pre-fall 2018 2. Shirt, Franco Moschino (Italian, 1950–1994) for House of @Moschino (Italian, founded 1983), spring/summer 1991 📷: Photo © Johnny Dufort, 2018 #TheMet #CostumeInstitute #MetCampA post shared by  The Met (@metmuseum) on Oct 9, 2018 at 4:31pm PDTThis year's theme is "Camp: Notes on Fashion," but it's not what you think. It's a reference to Susan Sontag's 1964 essay Notes on Camp, where she defines the word "camp" in many different ways. “We are going through an extreme camp moment, and it felt very relevant to the cultural conversation to look at what is often dismissed as empty frivolity but can be actually a very sophisticated and powerful political tool, especially for marginalized cultures,” said the Costume Institute Curator Andrew Bolton, per The New York Times. “Whether it’s pop camp, queer camp, high camp or political camp—Trump is a very camp figure—I think it’s very timely.”Previous themes include "Manus x Machina" (2016), "Punk: Chaos to Couture" (2013), and "China: Through the Looking Glass" (2015).   Lady Gaga, Serena Williams, and Harry Styles will host the 2019 Met Gala. Yes, you read that correctly. The Met Gala isn't televised, but there will be plenty of live streams to watch the celebrities walk up the notorious Met Gala stairs. After they walk the red carpet, the stars enjoy a private cocktail party, go through the exhibit, and have a sit-down dinner with special performances. You can watch it on E! starting at 5 p.m for their pre-show coverage. If you don't have a TV, you always can sign up for a free trial on Hulu Live TV, though E! will also likely stream the red carpet coverage on their Facebook and Twitter.   SIGN UP FOR HULU Yes, starting May 9! The exhibit opens up to the public every year at the Metropolitan Museum of Art. Admission is $12 for students, $25 for adults, and $17 for seniors. Learn more about the museum's past exhibitions here. BUY TICKETS For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			 Grab a pair before they sell out.Finding a comfortable sandal often requires trial and error, blisters and foot cramps. You don't have time for that. To make your summer shopping easier, I've found 15 pairs of stylish shoes that also check off the comfort box. From the latest pair of Birkenstocks to a cute little kitten heel, these pairs cater to anyone who desires functionality and style. A summer shoe needs to carry you from the office to post-work drinks, and also  last through every adventure on a vacation itinerary, which is no small feat. Luckily, the pairs ahead can do all this and more; shop the comfiest summer sandals , ahead, before they completely sell out.For a minimalist slide you can wear every day, try this one by Kaanas. One of our editors said, "It's surprisingly comfy, thanks to a cushioned button," which means your feet will still be blister-free by EOD. The slide comes in two color colors—a tan brown and white—just in case you have enough black shoes. Note the stitching on the leather pebbled straps for that extra special detail. With "comfort" in its name, these Greek-style sandals won't steer you wrong. A slightly elevated rubber sole gives your feet support while the straps ensure the shoe stays put off as you walk. The beige color will match many of your summer outfits, which means the cost per wear will be (basically) negligible. First spotted on Anna Sui's spring 2019 runway, these Teva collab sandals are finally here. The limited-edition style takes its cues from nature's vibrant flora and fauna as well as Polynesian prints. You can choose between this flat form or a thicker one, depending on how much height you want. Both will be equally comfy.    For a sporty take on comfy sandals, give this Melissa x Fila collab a try. Everything about it screams chunky and thick, meaning ample cushioned support. A velcro front makes it easy to slip on and off while the colorful PVC design gives it a cool streetwear look.Everyone needs a dressy sandal option for date nights, and this printed leather shoe is perfect for that post-dinner stroll. It has a low-block heel, so you're not in pain after walking for 15 minutes, and ankle straps to keep everything in place. Already have too many cognac-colored shoes? Shop this in a pretty navy or white.This suede mule is exclusive to Net-a-Porter. The sandal is very lightweight and forms nicely to your feet, so it doesn't make that slapping noise as you walk. I have the shoe in this color and love it so much I'm tempted to pick up the pastel blue version too.  These shoes pass the cobble stone street test, so you can definitely walk in them anywhere. Fans tout its comfiness thanks to a wedge heel and a single big strap across the feet. The streamlined silhouette makes it easy to wear with anything, from a pair of cropped jeans to a midi skirt.Step up your neutrals game by injecting a print like leopard into your footwear. These heels have a slight padding, so prolonged walks won't hurt your feet. Diagonal straps and a sleek toe loop (trendy for the season) add the finishing touches to a beautiful summer sandal.Rick Owens teamed up with Birkenstock to create a fashun-meets-comfort street style shoe. These went down the spring 2019 runways and are now available in new colors like a coral and beige combo for the season. Style these with denim shorts or a pair of mom jeans. This Cole Haan shoe is one of Nordstrom's most customer-reviewed sandals. They're quote, "well-made, comfortable, and more elegant than your average sandal." These shoes come in six colors and appear to suit those with wide feet, though this fit will vary from person to person. The design is crafted from a soft, smooth leather and fitted with a comfortable padded footbed and flexible sole.For a comfortable mule you can walk hours in, try Tamara Mellon's "Saint" sandal, which has a 2.17 inch heel. Two straps make the shoe extra secure on your feet and the versatile black hue will match with everything, from a white summer dress to a denim midi skirt.  A flat form espadrille is great for those who don't do well with arched high heels. The 2.5-inch platform will still give you a boost in height without making you stand on your tip-toes. This pair has an adjustable ankle strap and a cushioned footbed.These Chloé sky-high espadrilles will make you feel like you're walking on clouds. They're not heavy and the fun fringe canvas strap adds a unique touch to the espadrille shoe. I've had mine for over three years and can attest to their wearability, from the streets of Europe to the plush garden lawns at weddings.For sandals that won't slide off your feet as you walk, opt for Rebecca Minkoff's "Maelynn" slide. The knotted strap details hold your feet in place while the backless style is on trend for summer. If you don't fancy the pink, give the white a try with jeans or a floral summer dress. The tiniest heel provides the pad of your feet some comfort.Mango makes the most delicate-looking sandal to wear with your slip dresses and silky separates. This leather strap sandal has a wearable kitten heel, neither too low nor too high. Whether you choose to wear them to work or to weddings, it's a good summer shoe to keep on hand—or, in this case, foot.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She's kicking off promotion for Dark Phoenix.While we all count down the minutes until the next episode of Game of Thrones, Sansa Stark actress Sophie Turner has already moved onto the next project. Promo work is officially underway for her latest movie, Dark Phoenix, and on Friday morning she arrived in Paris with her co-stars. Comfy jeans, a slouchy tee, and cosy jumpers for a full day of interviews? Nope, not this girl.Joined by Jessica Chastain, Michael Fassbender, and director Simon Kinberg in the French capital, the 23-year-old star served up what can only be described as A Look in front of the Eiffel Tower. Celebrating her latest X-Men movie, which tells the story of her character Jean Grey, Sophie looked incredible in a super short little black dress. With thin straps, a scooped neckline and elegant, floaty silhouette, the LBD also featured contrasting white stitching which gave some superhero-inspired structure to the piece.While wearing such a killer dress to steal the show, the rest of Sophie’s look was kept fairly simple by MUA Georgie Eisdell. She opted for fluffy brows and fluttery lashes, teamed with berry hues on both her eyes and lips, and perfectly glowing skin. Her hair, currently a cute shade of blonde rather than Sansa’s signature redhead look, looked effortless in an imperfect up-do with loose front tendrils.  Day 3 with this beauty ✨ @sophiet all berry stained and glowy #Styled by @kateyoung #Hair @cwoodhair #makeupbygeorgieeisdell #sophieturner #xmendarkphoenix  #berrystainedlips #glowingskinA post shared by  Georgie Eisdell (@georgieeisdell) on Apr 26, 2019 at 2:45am PDTWOW. Find you an actress who can wear a glamorous mini dress in front of the Eiffel Tower one day, followed by seventeen layers of blood-stained fur coats in Winterfell the next.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The only style I care about this summer.I have sworn by a high-waisted fit ever since I gave up low-rise jeans in high school. The style is quite flattering on all body types and, contrary to what some might think, rather comfortable (pro tip: look for a pair with a little stretch). And let me tell you: There are so. many. good. high-waisted shorts available this season. (My favorite is the gingham print in outfit five.) Whether you're new to the high-waist game or searching for more ways to wear your favorite pair, here are five ways to style the slightly retro cut in a thoroughly modern way. By the end of summer, you'll be wondering why you ever wore anything else.Dive right into summer's biggest trends with a leopard print bucket hat (a real attention-getter) and high-waisted paper-bag shorts. The bottoms look best with a shirt or tank tucked in to highlight your curves and natural waistline. A pair of gold horn-inspired earrings and heels from Topshop's new vegan line seal the deal for accessories. This outfit will make you look on-trend without feeling forced. Shop the pieces: 1. The range jersey tank, $125; 2. Uncommon James earrings, $66; 3. & Other Stories leopard bucket hat, $39; 4. Topshop paper bag denim shorts, $60; 5. Topshop reya vegan nude heels, $100 For a smart warm-weather option, get Chloé’s belted white bottoms. They're made in Italy from stretch-cotton denim accented with red topstitching and finished with turned-up cuffs that move away from the body. To show off the bow belt, tuck in a tie-dye tee (this one much chicer than the ones haphazardly made in camp). A crab-shaped clutch adds whimsy and a burst of color at your feet reminds you it's indeed summer.Shop the pieces: 1. Mango tie-dye tee, $40; 2. See by Chloé high-rise shorts, $206; 3. Aranaz crab wicker clutch, $448;  4. Zara strappy flats, $50I have to include a mostly-black outfit for the ladies out there who swear by this color year round. The statement piece in this look is obviously the shorts, which read as leather, but are actually made entirely of...denim! The contrast stitching and silver stud hardware are unique details only Alexander Wang could dream up. Keep it simple with a black bodysuit and sneakers. At night or inside, layer on this cool Stella McCartney hoodie. Shop the pieces: 1. Aritzia bodysuit, $50; 2. Stella McCartney hoodie, $710; 3. Alexander Wang shorts, $550; 4. Eastpak fanny pack, $45; 5. Vans staple sid ni, $65Fans of Everlane's wide leg crop pants will be ecstatic to shop the short version for summer. This high-waisted pair comes in four different colors  (I personally love the versatility of olive). Reviews for these shorts include "short but not too short a.k.a age appropriate" and "comfortable without unnecessary rubbing." Are these a gift sent down from heaven? I think yes. Dress 'em up with street style favorites: a Danse Lente bag and Alexandre Birman's new sneakers.Shop the pieces: 1. Eileen Fisher tee, $68; 2. Quay sunglasses, $60; 3. Everlane cotton shorts, $48; 4. Danse Lente johnny bag, $430; 5. Alexandre Birman sneakers, $695Although any of these high-waisted shorts would work for vacation, this gingham pair is the one deemed most worthy of Instagram pics at the beach. The bottom is loose around the legs, but holds its shape around the waist and the gauzy fabric is perfect for cool breezes. Dress the shorts down with a silk cami and brown sandals and keep the sun out of your eyes with a straw hat. This #OOTD is going on the 'gram.Shop the pieces: 1. Annie Bing silk top, $149;  2. Brixton straw hat, $44; 3. Clare V tote, $119; 4. DoDo Bar Or gingham shorts, $155; 5. Madewell sandals, $88		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's time for the annual Anzac Day service, and in a surprise appearance, Prince Harry has joined Kate Middleton at Westminster Abbey. Kate looks gorgeous in a new Catherine Walker turquoise coat dress that's probably custom but bears resemblance to their "Amber" dress (ID originally by What Kate Wore), matching fascinator, and green shoes and clutch. The two entered the service looking like the best of pals—refuting rumors of a feud or feuds between the royal Fab Four. In addition to giving us some pretty important insight into Meghan's status (she probably hasn't given birth yet, but she's close enough to her due date that Harry couldn't determine his plans until literally this morning), Prince Harry's presence gives us another lovely reminder of how well he and Kate get along. I've always loved the fact that they clearly seem delighted by each other's presence, no matter what drama (or potential drama) happens to be unfolding around them. Here's a look at the full outfit (and the two friends!): I'm intrigued by the contrasting shoe and clutch, but as always I love that Kate has gone more and more bold with color this year. Teal/turquoise is one of "her" colors, including that Jenny Packham dress that is my favorite thing she's ever worn. UPDATE: According to to royal reporter Rebecca English, Kate's "Rebecca" shoes and "Natasha" bag are Emmy London, she's wearing Kiki McDonough earrings and matching white-gold Eden necklace. The hat looks to be like it's Varick by Rosie Olivia. The Sussex Royal Instagram has given us a few more photos from the outing, as well as some shots from previous years (including pics of Meghan): Today, The Duke of Sussex attends the #ANZACday service at Westminster Abbey with The Duchess of Cambridge and The Duke of Gloucester. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex attended this service last year in addition to the dawn service. They also paid their respects at the #ANZAC memorial in Sydney during their official tour last fall. Having devoted ten years of service to military duty, including two tours in Afghanistan, The Duke completed his time of service with four weeks with the Australian Defence Force. Their Royal Highnesses remain committed to supporting serving members of the Armed Forces, veterans and the families that support them. #ANZACDay commemorates the anniversary of the Anzac landings at Gallipoli in 1915. ANZAC Day is a moment to recognise the Australian and New Zealand Army Corps who lost their lives during the landings, and to honour the sacrifices of men and women in all wars. ANZAC Day has been observed annually in London since King George V attended a service at Westminster Abbey, and more than 2,000 Australian and New Zealand troops marched through the streets. Members of The Royal Family have continued to honour the servicemen and women globally, and today HRH The Duke of Cambridge also paid his respects at @AucklandMuseum. The Duke of Cambridge is visiting The Commonwealth country on behalf of The Queen to pay tribute to those killed in the Christchurch attacks earlier this year.A post shared by  The Duke and Duchess of Sussex (@sussexroyal) on Apr 25, 2019 at 6:10am PDTThe service "will remember the [World War I] Gallipoli landings of 25th April 1915, and all Australians and New Zealanders who have given their lives in the service of their countries," according to Westminster Abbey's website. The service occurs every year, and last year Meghan attended with Harry and William. It's Kate's turn this year! She and William were on their Australia/New Zealand tour on Anzac Day in 2014, and were able to see the gorgeous, poppy-filled World War I Wall of Remembrance. Here's what she wore then, by way of comparison—a similar look, but more muted: Westminster Abbey provided live updates of the service on Twitter. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Treat yourself to the best selections. The sole reason I get excited about spring is because I can wear a dress again and not catch a cold. After months spent confined to sweaters and fleece-lined leggings, my legs are begging for sunlight and my arms are ready to be bronzed. So while we're only a few months into spring, I've already gathered quite the wish list of dresses. (It's scary, I know.) From your vacation whites to party-ready florals, ahead are 16 of the best dresses spring has to offer. Add them to cart before they completely sell out.For those who like to keep it short and sweet, you'll appreciate this puffed shoulder-sleeve minidress from Madewell. The gingham print paired with a wrap dress design is classic for nice spring days. And since it's made of a linen-blend, you don't have to worry about overheating in this little number.  This sleeveless, double-breasted dress is a good example of how to look buttoned up but not stuffy in the spring. You can wear this to work with pumps and then change into open-toe flat sandals for that much needed after-work drink. Wherever you're headed, this sheath dress is designed for you to throw on and go.Mara Hoffman's signature puff-sleeve dress is worth me carrying a little Tide to Go pen everywhere. Not only is it environmentally-friendly (the fabric is made of hemp, which can be recycled, reused and is biodegradable), but it's also the definition of resort chic. For those seeking the perfect white dress to pack, this comes pretty damn close. Wear with shell embellished sandals like these.You have some fancy events coming up and you need a black dress that works for the warm weather. Go for this sleeveless number with crisscross straps in the front. You can't see it in this photo, but there's even a sexy thigh-grazing slit on the left side. However, the dress still feels elegant and classy because of the dark hue and a completely covered up back. The party's all in the front.This dress has all the makings of a springtime trendy piece, from the puff sleeves to the way the ruching gathers down the dress. This will help highlight your figure underneath the busy tangerine floral print. Need a place to wear this to? Try a friend's outdoor wedding. It'll look perfect in the sunlight on the 'gram.The whimsical coffee bean print on this ruffle bib dress has me craving a mid-afternoon cappuccino. Though the print has completely won me over, what truly sold this dress are the useful front pockets. The perfect place to hide snacks. If you're thinking about finally investing in a piece from Nanushka, consider one of its buttery soft vegan leather pieces. The label just released one of its most popular dress silhouettes in a dusty pink croc-effect vegan leather. Iconic details include a row of asymmetrical buttons trailing down the front and a sweet belted waist. Wear with these delicate strappy heels. Brazilian brand Farm Rio has finally come to the states and I couldn't be more excited. Not only are the clothes affordable, like this dress, but every piece comes in eye-popping palm leaf prints and colors. The rich hues will help to break up your wardrobe of neutrals for spring. Once you slip on this free-spirited vintage floral dress, you'll feel like skipping to the nearest flower field (or flower shop for us city folks) to create your own fragrant bouquet. It's loose, comfortable, and effortless to wear. Style with open-toed heels or sandals.This dress will remind you of a specific nostalgic childhood sweet: candy buttons. Dots of all rainbow hues appear in a line across the dress and are textured for that touch it kind of detail. The woven maxi dress is perfect for picnics or as a casual-fancy dress to wear on vacations.Fashion influencer Chriselle Lim made the perfect day-to-night dress and this piece has sold out several times, so get it while you still can. The flap pockets and belt are sophisticated touches for the office whereas the sleeveless style works for more casual settings, like meeting up with your SO for dinner after work.You can thank Michael Kors for creating a hibiscus-printed dress that works for multiple occasions. The lightweight chiffon will sit comfortable on your skin for that outdoor wedding and will just as easily transition into a work dress the following week—just add a belt and blazer. Unfortunately this dress doesn't come with the white belt, but here is one should you want. You've worn jeans four times already this week. Switch it up, but stay in the denim realm, with this minidress. The utilitarian piece nips in the waist and is more formfitting than you'd expect for a denim dress. Wear with ankle socks and sneakers to show off your sporty side or lace-up sandal for a more feminine touch.Don't blend in with your surroundings, stand out. This leopard print dress will help you feel confident and dominate whatever task is in front of you. Since the print is so intense, go easy on the accessories with simple pieces like hoop earrings and black sandals.Save Amur's strapless tiered dress for your fanciest gatherings. The sustainable brand is known for its strikingly realistic floral designs in addition to its eco-friendly company mission. This dress, in particular, is made with a mix of organic cotton and linen. Standout details include a sweetheart neckline, a small cutout, and a pretty tropical print.Everlane's do-it-all-wrap dress is perfect for wearing to the office with either flats or pumps. Though this dress already has sleeves for a covered-up look, you can slip on a blazer and/or denim jacket to add that extra layer of style. Perhaps while you're checking it all out in the mirror, slip on a necklace or pair of earrings too. •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Kate Middleton and Prince William's wedding anniversary is coming up on April 29—they got married in 2011, if you can believe it, although it sort of feels like yesterday. And this weekend at Windsor Castle, celebrating Easter Sunday/Queen Elizabeth's birthday, there was a small sign that she might have been privately celebrating her anniversary event a few days ahead of time. The earrings she wore are custom Robinson Pelham, and apparently a gift from her parents that she wore on her wedding day. According to HELLO!, "The super glam jewels are particularly unique as they were styled after the Middleton coat of arms—incorporating oak leaves and acorns." Her baby-blue Alexander McQueen coatdress was also a rewear from this exact same event five years ago, in 2014. No word on how Kate and William will actually celebrate their big day; William will be traveling to New Zealand later this week and Kate has an Anzac Day service on Thursday, April 25, but hopefully they'll get the chance amid some of the craziness to sit and have a glass of wine together. This isn't the first time Kate has used jewelry to make a small, but important statement: In February, she wore a pair of Princess Diana's beloved earrings to her 2019 BAFTAs appearance, pearl and diamond droplets that paired perfectly with her Alexander McQueen gown. Here are the earrings with that iconic wedding look: And here they were this weekend: I never rewore my wedding earrings because they were so pretty and delicate, I was afraid of damaging or losing them. But now I'm kind of inspired by Kate to try. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Brie Larson's been making all kinds of sexy, thematic fashion statements as she's promoted the Avengers: Endgame movie (like, at a recent event, she just straight up wore a cape, because she's awesome). But she just hit the red carpet in her most major look to date, including some thematic, sexy jewelry that's so on-brand, it hurts. Brie wore a different colored ring on every finger and a bracelet with another gemstone—if that doesn't immediately make you gasp with recognition, you might not have watched the last Avengers movie. Brie's channeling the Big Purple Bad Guy Thanos (played by Josh Brolin), who was collecting the Infinity Stones to complete his Infinity Gauntlet weapon. Pics below if that made no sense. Jewelry designer Irene Neuwirth explained, "When Samantha McMillan [Brie's stylist] and Brie Larson call you and commission you to make special pieces inspired by [Thanos' Infinity Gauntlet]...you JUMP on it, right?" The result is so surprisingly sexy and feminine—I love having rings on all my fingers, so I need to figure out how to replicate this look ASAP. Brie rounded out the look with some drop earrings with yet another color of gemstone (sources are saying it's an opal).  Brie's lilac dress is custom Celine; She coordinated so well, she even matches the purple premiere carpet. Ugh, Brie, teach me your ways! Here's a look at the full outfit: And here's a closeup of the "sexy gauntlet": And here it is in motion:  SnappedA post shared by  Brie (@brielarson) on Apr 22, 2019 at 10:56pm PDTAND here's the inspiration, in case you know literally nothing about the Avengers world (no shade! I'm a big ole nerd): When @samanthamcmillen_stylist and @brielarson call you and commission you to make special pieces inspired by this ... you JUMP on it , right ? Ready to see ??#avengersendgame #avengers #ireneneuwirth #oneofakindA post shared by  Irene Neuwirth Jewelry (@ireneneuwirth) on Apr 22, 2019 at 6:00pm PDTCostar Scarlett Johansson (who's finally getting her own Black Widow movie) also got in on the thematic jewelry action with similarly inspired hand jewelry:  And here's Scarlett's full chain-mail-inspired outfit (she attended with her BF Colin Jost): Two sexy Avengers ladies, two themed Thanos lewks. Are they giving us spoilers??For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Shop the collection now.Jean-Charles de Castelbajac is a French couturier. (He created this iconic Kermit the frog outfit for Lady Gaga in 2009). Vilebrequin is a French luxury brand that specializes in swimwear and ready-to-wear. Together, the unlikely duo teamed up for a special collaboration: a 40-plus piece collection of men's and women's swimwear.The resort pieces, which range from $50 to $465, are splashed with punchy prints and tropical colors (a.k.a a reminder to finally book that vacation.) In addition, the pieces for women were designed with the female silhouette in mind, to make everyone feel confident and powerful, whether you hit the pool in a sporty one-piece or a cheeky two-piece bikini."This collection has more femininity than I have ever designed in the past and it has given me more confidence in the territory of making feminine clothes," Jean-Charles de Castelbajac says. "The challenging part in creating the collection was making sure all my designs and ideas fit onto the small surface area of a bikini because I'm used to working with more space. You need discipline in adapting your designs onto a moving material too. It was exciting."Regardless of what your plans are this summer, you'll want to slip into one of Vilebrequin and Jean-Charles de Castelbajac's creations, below. Shop our favorite picks right now.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Shop the collection now.Jean-Charles de Castelbajac is a French couturier. (He created this iconic Kermit the frog outfit for Lady Gaga in 2009). Vilebrequin is a French luxury brand that specializes in swimwear and ready-to-wear. Together, the unlikely duo teamed up for a special collaboration: a 40-plus piece collection of men's and women's swimwear.The resort pieces, which range from $50 to $465, are splashed with punchy prints and tropical colors (a.k.a a reminder to finally book that vacation.) In addition, the pieces for women were designed with the female silhouette in mind, to make everyone feel confident and powerful, whether you hit the pool in a sporty one-piece or a cheeky two-piece bikini."This collection has more femininity than I have ever designed in the past and it has given me more confidence in the territory of making feminine clothes," Jean-Charles de Castelbajac says. "The challenging part in creating the collection was making sure all my designs and ideas fit onto the small surface area of a bikini because I'm used to working with more space. You need discipline in adapting your designs onto a moving material too. It was exciting."Regardless of what your plans are this summer, you'll want to slip into one of Vilebrequin and Jean-Charles de Castelbajac's creations, below. Shop our favorite picks right now.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			As we continue to feel the dangerously rapid effects of global warming, it's more important than ever to live a sustainable lifestyle—and, thanks to Free People, we can get one step closer to doing so with the workout clothing we choose to wear. The bohemian lifestyle and retail company is way more than just your favorite festival dresses and layered necklaces. It also has a chic activewear line, Free People Movement, that recently launched an eco-friendly three-piece Econyl workout set.The workout set, which includes a pair of leggings, a sports bra, and a long-sleeve layering piece, is entirely made out of Econyl—a sustainable, innovative yarn developed in Italy created from discarded waste from landfills and oceans. Think: fishing nets and fabric scraps. According to Free People, "for every 10,000 tons of Econyl raw material, 70,000 barrels of crude oil are saved, and 57,100 tons of CO2 eq. emissions are avoided." It reduces the global warming impact of nylon by up to 80 percent compared with the material from oil.The best part of the set is, naturally, the leggings, which feel super soft and breathable. The ribbed waistband keeps them in place (even when you're running or hiking!), so you don't have to constantly worry about pulling them up. You can choose to wear them high-waisted, as they were originally designed, or keep them a little lower depending on how cropped of a look you want with the sports bra and long-sleeve layering piece. I always tend to go for a more high-waisted look, as you can see below.  Woke up in the desert with @freepeopleA post shared by  RACHEL EPSTEIN (@rachelepstein_) on Apr 17, 2019 at 9:12am PDTFair warning: You might get a little freaked out at how small the set looks in-person. However, the material stretches to sculpt your body and conforms surprisingly well. Plus, you'll feel great knowing you invested in clothing that doesn't harm the environment. If black isn't your thing, the pieces also come in purple and green. While you're protecting the environment and all, know that Free People is also donating one percent of all Movement activewear purchases to its non-profit partner, Girls Inc., which aims to inspire and empower young girls ages 6-18 through mentoring and research-based programs. Shop our favorite Free People Movement pieces, below.  For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Anna Wintour and Carolina Herrera are her style role models.In a bi-weekly series, we're interviewing female executives, founders, CEOs—basically, boss ladies—on their one "power suit" a.k.a. the outfit they wear every day for easy dressing to conquer whatever the job throws at them.Lauren Santo Domingo, former Vogue contributor and co-founder of Moda Operandi (her partner Áslaug Magnúsdóttir left the company in 2013) is the person you pass on the street and think, "holy hell, I love her style." But to call her a street style star is simply not enough. She's an entrepreneur, a former publicist for Carolina Herrrera, and has that je ne sais quoi only select individuals in the fashion industry ever master. These days, her life is centered on Moda Operandi (which she says can be pronounced either as Moda Operan-dee or Moda Operan-die), a 300-plus person company that connects women with aspirational luxury retail. You can find fresh-off-the-runway collections, red carpet dresses that celebrities just wore the night before, and trunk shows featuring your favorite or emerging designers. The a-ha moment that sparked Moda came when she was still working at Vogue, which gave her access to designers and special pieces for galas and events. Everyone would ask her where she got her outfits. "I’m like, 'you can’t buy it, it’s not being produced or wasn’t bought by enough buyers.' So, I just realized that there was this big disconnect between what went down the runway and what women were actually able to buy in their nearest department stores or boutiques."The company launched in 2010, around the same time women were embracing the convenience of online shopping and street style stars rose to prominence. Women wanted access to high-fashion pieces they saw on the streets or runways and Santo Domingo streamlined that process with Moda. "I still have that editor's spirit, where I like to share things and connect with people. I always think nothing is good until it is shared, so I am delighted to connect women with the runway," she says. In the spirit of sharing, I asked Santo Domingo to describe her work life and office attire, knowing full-well this seasoned fashionista had plenty to divulge. After all, when you've worked alongside the esteemed connoisseur of style, Anna Wintour, you end up learning a thing or two about fashion."My days are always very different because you have to keep in mind there are four fashion months a year, from the February/March shows to couture to resort and back to September fashion week. A good portion of the year, I am on the road attending fashion shows so you don’t have to. If I'm in New York, I love to pencil in a breakfast meeting or two with colleagues and interviewees. My thoughts are more focused after that first coffee. If I don't have any breakfast meetings, I'll take a Ballet Beautiful class, which is a low-impact routine. I either take a private lesson or, more often than not, my friends and I take a class together so it becomes a group lesson. Since the workout is low impact, it’s a great time to catch up. Today, for example, I started my day walking through The Plaza for a charity gala with an event designer, doing this interview with you, holding interviews for prospective employees, then [I'll be] ending the day at the Proenza Schouler showroom in SoHo, so there could not be a more varied assortment of people and events in my day." "Because I work for a fashion company, I have great access to clothes and it’s important to look my best, but I sometimes find fashion trends to be intimidating. I try to be as relaxed as possible for myself and my team during the day. If I were in a pencil skirt, heels, and a perfect ladylike clutch, I can't run up to the studio and immediately start art directing or run to the warehouse. It’s dressing for everything that comes at you. On the other hand, my favorite time to dress for is night. That evening section of my closet is filled with short dresses, long dresses, sequin dresses, feathered dresses, custom jewelry, sparkly shoes–all the things I can wear that I might not normally be able to during the day.""I grew up on the east coast, then I went to boarding school, so I definitely revert back to an east coast/New England style in the winter time. I gravitate towards knit sweaters, tweed, button-down shirts. And then, while I have a specific style, I definitely update that look based on trends. A few years ago, skinny black pants and a shrunken blazer—that more fitted look—was my style and now I am wearing looser pants and oversized jackets. I’m buying my knits in medium as opposed to extra small. I’m also loving the gold jewelry trend so I always have on a chunky gold chain or hoop. I was lucky to work for two women, Anna Wintour and Carolina Herrera, who were both actually accessible and relatable in the way they dressed every day. They both relied on uniforms: Anna in her floral dresses and signature necklaces, while Carolina wore fabulous jewelry with a white button-down. They’re not wearing super strong fashion to throw you off. They were important role models in my life, so I, too, try to be as accessible and approachable as possible.   Two designers I rely heavily on are Khaite and Martin Grant. Khaite has amazing tailoring and a very tonal color palette that easily mixes with everything in your closet. MG is my go-to if I were to have an investor meeting and I had to look super polished. They make great leather and tweed pieces. I try in my everyday attire to not be too overwhelming or intimidating. I don’t want to start my meetings about what I am wearing, because I want quality time with who I'm with and to get to the business at hand." "Tailored, feminine, and polished.""I always ask myself why be boring? With everything we do it’s easy to fall into a rut, to do the same thing, so I challenge myself, my team, my friends, designers to always try something new. I think the crux of that is not to take yourself too seriously and not to take fashion so seriously. Have fun, try new things, enjoy yourself, and be confident." For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Kate Middleton turned heads (as usual) when she stepped out in a stunning, baby blue ensemble for Easter church service at St. George's Chapel in Windsor Sunday morning. The outing was an extra special occasion since it was also Queen Elizabeth's 93rd birthday, so it was no surprise that Kate's fashion game was on point for the big day. This, however, does not appear to be the first time Kate has worn this particular perfect spring ~lewk~. It doesn't even appear to be the first time she's worn it for an Easter church service. The baby blue outfit looks very similar to the one Kate wore to Easter Sunday service in 2014. On that occasion, Kate celebrated the holiday at St. Andrew's Cathedral in Sydney, Australia, where she was traveling during a three-week tour of Australia and New Zealand alongside her husband, Prince William. The tour marked the couple's first trip overseas with their then-infant son, Prince George.Here's Kate wearing the ensemble back in 2014: And here she is in Sunday's baby blue look: Kate added a pin for the 2019 update of the outfit, but otherwise, they appear to be identical, right down to the matching fascinator. Kate continues her reign as the Duchess of Recycled Fashion.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for theMarie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			If you dream of dressing like a duchess, Nordstrom is making that goal a little easier to achieve—for a month, anyway. The retailer is featuring Meghan Markle's beloved maternity brand, HATCH, as a part of its Pop-In@Nordstrom series. This means, tragically, that the line will only be available for a limited time—until May 19, to be precise. And that is, of course, assuming it doesn't sell out before the end of the pop-in, which, let's be real, it probably will. The Meghan Markle Effect is real, people. Here are some of the most Meghan Markle-y HATCH pieces you can shop at Nordstrom right now: SHOP ITSHOP ITSHOP ITSHOP ITSHOP ITSHOP ITSHOP ITSHOP ITSHOP ITSHOP ITSHOP ITSHOP ITGoodbye, money. It was nice knowing you. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Wear Mon–Fri, wash, repeat. The jean jacket has come a long way from the one your mother bought you in middle school, and if you know how to wear it right, it's quite literally the only jacket you'll need. With its versatility and ultimate cool-girl style (as displayed on these celebs, ahead), you'll have no problem wearing it three days in a row (hey, no judgement here). Peruse our favorite ways to wear, and be reminded of why you fell in love with the denim jacket in the first place. For a baggy-but-still-in-tact look, grab a pair of high-waisted jeans and pair them with a cropped trucker denim jacket to make a statement. Embellished denim is the fun one in the friend group. Throwing it over a maxi made for spring adds some grit. Let us not forget about the denim that doubles as a blazer, which is now your new  office staple. When layering feels like a second job, sometimes all you want to do is throw on a pullover. Take it to the next level by adding some denim over it and you've miraculously become a street style star overnight. When spring feels more like summer, all it takes is a bralette, a pair of leggings, and a roll up of the sleeves for a fresh take on the denim style. Forget any rule you've ever heard about mixing light and dark wash denim. See Kendall Jenner's day-to-night style for proof.Denim has never looked cooler with this effortless off-the-shoulder look. The trick to keeping it from sliding off? Enclose one button on the bottom and leave the rest open to show off your florals. When it finally hits 70 degrees and you're still not ready to sacrifice your sleeves, here's where the denim comes in handy—light enough to block out sweat, heavy enough to keep you warm from the extra breeze. Keep it simple with the timeless white tee. When the transition from winter to spring feels like a drag, you'll have this classic pair to look forward to—always. Suddenly it's 50 degrees again, and now you're doing the most in a sherpa denim jacket. We call this the half shoulder—not totally off, not totally on, and just the right length to style any outfit, including this t-shirt dress. Finding outerwear that matches the length of your main piece allows for a cleaner, polished look. Just when you thought you had it all figured out, here's your reminder that your favorite material makes its way across the Pantone spectrum. Button it up and pull out the collar to make it the main attraction. Hello, and welcome to the latest addition of spring jacket accessorizing. Read: not actually using it as a jacket. You may never replicate Britney Spears and Justin Timberlake circa 2001, but you sure can try. Never has there been a better way to show off a little personality. Let the jacket do the talking and accessorize it with the cool-girl patches of your dreams like Gigi Hadid does here. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Listen—spring weather's tough, and layering is critical (my curly hair's always up from the humidity, and I have a chunky cardigan on standby). Luckily, Katie Holmes is basically giving us all lessons in how to dress for the weather. Yesterday, she stepped out in what I can only describe as the ideal transitional outfit: the oversize, midi-length Aritzia Odette trench coat. It also comes in a darker tan and it's not even sold out yet. **pulls out credit card** Katie paired the look with a black and white striped shirt, plaid slacks, and studded flats—just the right, basic contrast to the neutral jacket. Initially she was photographed during the day with a bag in hand—likely getting ready for Suri Cruise's 13th birthday in Soho, New York, which happened later that evening. (You can go here for those photos—they're super cute, and you'll be amazed by how tall Suri's gotten.) No sign of boyfriend Jamie Foxx, but reportedly he's got a great relationship with her, so maybe they're celebrating separately. Just in case we'd forgotten, Katie is great at the outerwear game, recently stepping out in the most perfect bubble-gum pink Acme Studios coat. She's also looking ahead to the warmer weather in the most fetching striped Ulla Johnson jumpsuit I've ever seen.  Here's a look at the full outfit: Sigh. One day, hopefully I'll look that polished and put together while the humidity wreaks havoc on my hair. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's a lifestyle. House slippers aren't limited to the confinement of your abode. If they have a durable sole and good arch support, why wouldn't you want to wear them outdoors? Just ask some of your favorite celebrities. Whether they're heading to the airport or simply walking around town, stars like Justin Bieber and Nicki Minaj have dared to wear house slippers in public. From Hello Kitty footwear to UGGs (the brand's scuffette style is especially popular in Hollywood), see which celebrity took bathleisure to the next level. And rocked it.In case you didn't get the hint, the Biebs wants you to look at his Louis Vuitton slippers. He wore the logo-covered house shoe with sweats and a hoodie while out and about in NYC. This was just the start of his slipper obsession.The internet had a lot of feelings when Bieber wore these white slippers in public last summer. The Cut dubbed the look "bathleisure," while over here at MC we were in full you do you, Biebs mode. The singer paid no mind to what anyone thought of his look as he walked down the street with wife Hailey, who wore a Versace denim-on-denim look. Sophie Turner kept it casual and comfortable as she left her hotel in NYC earlier this month. The star wore a luxe pair of Louis Vuitton slippers (they're $2,000 and made of mink fur embellished with an oversize LV logo) with a sweatpants set and sunglasses. It seems she and Justin have a common love for fuzzy LV slippers.Nicki Minaj visited fuse's "Top 20 Countdown" in a pink suit and Hello Kitty...slippers? The kawaii shoes matched the color palate Minaj had going for the day. Should you want a pair, get similar ones here.Snoop Dogg gave the paps a taste of their own medicine by snapping photos of them. But, not without someone managing to capture the rapper in a pair of yellow and blue UCLA slippers. The musician looked like he had just gotten off a plane and clearly didn't want to forgo his cozy travel ensemble.Google "Jared Leto house slippers" and you'll find that the actor wears slippers in public quite often. His count might even rival that of Bieber's. Here he is leaving his hotel in a brown pair of UGG scuff slippers, which he also has in black. After chocolate reportedly exploded all over Jameela Jamil's suitcase and ruined her clothes, the actress took it in all good humor, wearing her pajamas and teddy bear slippers out the door. She wore the cactus-print ensemble to Good Morning America and People, and gave a thumbs up to the paparazzi. At least her sleep outfit was cute! As Usher proves, sleepwear equals chic streetwear. The singer was spotted walking around NYC in a pair of Fendi house slippers that retailed for $1,450. (They're leather lined and had heels made from soft deer hide.) He paired them with a pink t-shirt, drawstring pants, and a zip-up jacket for a high-end comfort look.When Haddish went on stage to present an award at the 2018 Oscars, she swapped her heels for a pair of UGGs and won the admiration of the internet. The shoes peeked out from underneath her Alexander McQueen dress and, say no more, we're buying them for $83.Taking a page out of Tiffany Haddish's book, Katy Perry left Jimmy Kimmel Live in a pair of UGG slippers the day after the Oscars. She wore the shoes with a yellow leopard trench and geometric print trousers. Though Perry rocked heels for her actual segment on the show, we don't blame her for wanting to switch out of the heels as soon as she could.Another fan of UGG's scuffette slippers is Vanessa Hudgens. The star was spotted leaving her mom's house in Toluca Lake, CA, in a chestnut pair. The house slipper sure is versatile. There's no place more tiring while wearing heels than at a red carpet event. Reba Mcentire thought ahead and brought along a pair of red slippers when she hosted the 2018 Academy of Country Music Awards, in Las Vegas, Nevada. The musician and actress unabashedly flashed her house shoes—which matched her dress—for photographers, proving comfort comes first. •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			They come in seven different colors.Fans of Everlane have been asking for sneakers and now the company has turned everyone's wishes into reality. The eco-conscious brand officially released its sneakers to shop. The unisex style, called Tread by Everlane, costs less than $100 (love) and is available in men’s sizes 7 to 13 and women’s sizes 5 to 12. They're slightly chunky, but not on a dad sneaker level, and come in seven (!!) different colors, from your basic white and black to silver and blush pink. As for why it took so long for Everlane to come out with a sneaker (they currently sell a mix of flats, sandals, boots, and loafers), it's because the brand was busy perfecting the recipe for an earth-friendly shoe. The trainers are made with leather for durability and almost no virgin plastic—the sole is 94.2 percent free of virgin plastic, which means 18,000 pounds of rubber were kept out of landfills. Meanwhile, the laces, lining, and strobel board (a part that attaches the upper to the midsole) are made with recycled plastic.  This launch is in line with Everlane's mission to remove all virgin plastic from its supply chain by 2021. Just last fall, the brand introduced its ReNew line, featuring clothes and sweaters made from recycled plastic bottles. Shop Everlane's first-ever sneaker, below. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Military jackets have been around for a long time, but they've become a staple for throwing over a casual, layerable look (I have two myself, and I'm a huge fan). And Meghan Markle has fully embraced the trend for years with her favorite utilitarian men's J. Crew jacket. ITV just released some unseen footage of a trip that Meghan took in January 2017 to Mumbai and Delhi, and what do you know—there's her jacket again! I think it's a favorite look: the bigger, bulkier jacket with a streamlined look underneath. Although the jacket looks to be sold out in olive, it's still available in moss and navy colors—and even better yet, it's on sale! In the footage, Meghan also wears a casual pair of white and light gray Reebok fashion sneakers, $65. She was visiting with World Vision and focused her attention on gender equality and education for girls, two causes she particularly loves. What I love about the look is that it's juuuuuust utilitarian and unisex enough without going overboard. What's also awesome for a (now) pregnant lady is that the drawstring waist means she can cinch up or let out the jacket as needed, and it still totally fits. Now that's a perfect jacket. In case you haven't seen it, here's the never-before-seen footage, which very clearly shows Meghan's jacket overtop a simple black shirt and pants (perfect for painting and planting, which she does in the video):Meghan's unseen India charity work captured in newly released footage as she champions the right of girls to an education - with charity @WorldVisionUK in 2017. Here's the latest from @chrisshipitv https://t.co/ponJyHxzFF pic.twitter.com/czvCag3f2SHere's a look at Meghan's most recent use of the jacket, which she donned literally just two months ago in her quick trip to Morocco with Prince Harry: And here she is in 2016, potentially heading to (or coming from?) yoga:  See? She's loved it for ages! For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The bags, sandals, and dresses worth buying. Spring has sprung and so has its many sales. The latest comes from Nordstrom, which is offering up to 50% off on apparel, shoes, bags, jewelry, and more. With over 150 pages of sale items to sift through, the deals are slightly overwhelming, so I did all the clicking for you to find the spring and summer must-haves worth shopping. From everyday sandals to It bags, skirts, and dresses, here's what to buy. Originally $218, 40% offDo you need another floral dress? Maybe not, but this ultra-sweet square-neckline dress is worth adding to your collection anyway.  Originally $155, 50% offSwap out your go-to hoops for these beaded heart earrings that feel fresh. Originally $175, 40% offWe're obsessed with everything snake print this season—these block-heeled sandals included. Originally $78, 40% offFrom outdoor soirées to music festivals, this eyelet top is a summer staple.Originally $75, 50% offTie-dye is back as one of spring's hottest trends and Topshop's subtle slip dress is the perfect way to ease into the look. Originally $425, 65% offA denim skirt that's anything but basic. Originally $430, 30% offAdd a splash of color to your look in one of summer's hottest shades. Originally $128, 40% offA romantic, square-neck top you can wear with all your favorite jeans. Originally $295, 40% offMeet your new everyday sandals for summer. Originally $88, 40% offThe perfect spring pants done in a pastel hue that feels fresh. Originally $195, 50% offA classic black bag that works for day or night. Originally $88, 40% offWear it with a bodysuit on the weekend or a blouse for the office. Originally $218, 30% offThere's a reason this brand is a summer bag favorite amongst the fashion set. Originally $85, 50% offTreat yourself to a new denim jacket—which you'll undoubtedly wear to death this season. This boxy, oversize style from Topshop is perfect for layering. Originally $60, 40% off If you haven't yet boarded the leopard skirt train, now's the time. Originally $218, 50% offIdeal for date night and all your summer parties. Originally $595, 50% offIdeal for pairing with your favorite midi dresses, you'll live in these white booties all season long. Originally $75, 50% off An effortlessly chic summer look.Originally $79, 40% offWe'll be wearing this swimsuit as a bodysuit with all our favorite slip skirts this summer. From: Harper's BAZAAR US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Finally say "bye bye" to your wool coats and puffers.Though summer is in sight, spring has only just begun and with it comes in-between weather to confuse the heck out of us and our wardrobes. We’re all familiar with those days that start out brisk, heat up around noon, and take a chilling dip at sunset, but rather than dealing with haphazard outfits that feel less than 100, look to a lightweight jacket to be your savior this season. From fresh outerwear trends like classic-with-a-twist trench coats and utilitarian silhouettes to non-floral prints like leopard and tie-dye there are options for everyone. See 21 of our favorites, ahead. Imagine this option with blue jeans and fresh kicks. It will be your weekend go-to. Level up from that classic Barbour jacket.Quilted and collarless, this jacket is a chic transition out of pufferville.Not all trench coats are created equal—take this style with green drawstrings and cropped silhouette as an example. So good. This lilac jacket will have you wishing for a rainy day.Swap out your denim jacket for a twill leopard version instead.  Break out of a neutral rut in this not-too-light, not-too-heavy brick trench.Your grandmother’s quilt, but make it fashion.Define your shape in this immaculately cut trench.Transparent plaid is a cool upgrade from classic khaki.The sleekest utility jacket we ever did see.A snake print robe can be a punchy layer for neutral lovers.With puffed sleeves and a nipped waist, this tailored jacket makes a statement.Reach for this one when your look needs a more formal touch. Colorful drawstrings give this army green anorak a playful feel.Test drive the tie-dye trend with this hip-skimming jacket.What’s more spring than pastel-colored houndstooth?If your style skews ultra feminine, voluminous sleeves and a lavender hue are a fresh take on the utility trend.Both relaxed and smart, this cargo jacket is a wear-anywhere piece.Skip the floral print in favor of tropical palms.This Victorian-inspired denim jacket is perfect for the office.From: ELLE US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Definitely pin these to your board.Attention, brides (or people who just love to look at pretty dresses like I do)—designers have just released their spring 2020 bridal collections. And you don't want to miss any of the looks, from a feathered strapless Jenny Packham gown to the colorful Vera Wang tulle creations and elegant ballgowns of Carolina Herrera. Some designers even shot their bridal collections in the gardens of Italy or the streets of the Big Apple. Whether you're searching for "the dress" for your ceremony next year, or just want to peruse, check out all the dreamy bridal creations ahead.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The best thing I found in my grandma's jewelry box. In our biweekly series, editors share "the item they wear to death," whether it be a basic white tee or a super-trendy jumpsuit. Prepare yourself (and your credit card) for some guilt-free shopping.Every time I wear my necklace I get asked the same question: "Is that...kale?" Why yes, yes it is. The necklace wasn’t bought in homage to the trendy salad green that has overwhelmed restaurants and Instagram feeds, though. Instead, the piece (and its matching earrings) are a tiny piece of family history harvested from my grandma’s jewelry box.Let me explain. My mom’s mom was a snazzy dresser—and a prolific shopper. She had filled three closets with patterned blouses, matching suit sets, and a couple pairs of gold sneakers. Her jewelry box covered the top of her eight-foot dresser and served as a roadmap of all her travels and memorable shopping trips. (Once, a simple, "Grandma, do you have any costume jewelry pins?" led me to a box filled with a dozen rhinestone brooches and art deco floral pins.)After her funeral in 2007, my aunts, my mom, and I all bought a six-pack of New Glarus Spotted Cow and sat down to sort through grandma's treasures. I had spent years raiding her jewelry box, but still had no idea what we would uncover. Among the turquoise rings from the Southwest, the wedding bands from my grandma's marriage and her mother’s marriage, and the more colorful pieces bought from Kohl’s, was a beautiful kale-shaped jewelry set. The fanned-out leaf pendant featured detailing of ribs and veins exactly as you'd find in your supermarket. It was perfect. And, I had to have it.Since my mom is the eldest of three and also the family historian, nearly every piece from that box came with a story or memory, including this set of silver beauties. It turns out, these not-so-green greens, and my mom’s complementary set of leaves, came from a tiny gift shop in Lake Geneva, Wisconsin, nearly 40 years ago—long before kale salads dominated restaurant menus.Now, decades later, the charm of kale is back in season. And my necklace is more special than ever. The single silver pendant pops against my neutral-tone wardrobe and serves as an eye-catching statement piece. I often wear it to parties where I can use it as an easy conversation starter or add it to a dressier outfit to keep the look a little more casual.The necklace gets worn a lot and, like any woman with a beloved item, I treat it with care. When I'm not wearing piece, I use an old wives remedy to keep the silver from tarnishing: I store it in a box with a couple of pennies. With the pendant's many curves and ridges, cleaning off a bit of tarnish is more difficult than preventing it in the first place. As my mom explained it, "the pennies stop the problem before it starts." (I don't know the science here, but I trust my mom's advice.)I brought a few other pieces home with me that day: a turquoise pendant by Effie, with a signature snake curling around the stones, a gold ring set with three pearls, and my great-grandmother’s filigree wedding ring. However, none get quite the same reaction as my kale necklace. As always, my unvarnished response is "Yup, it’s kale. I found it in my grandma’s jewelry box." It has served, and continues to serve, me well.For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Why you need a style uniform. Starting a company and building a brand is hard enough without thinking about what to wear every day. Funneling your mental energy into your professional life becomes wildly easier if you adopt a style uniform with pieces that you can unthinkingly reach for.The trio to live in this spring? Lace-up wedge sandals (we love this Sorel pair), a maxi dress, and a timeless trench coat. Each is comfortable, adaptable, and able to easily go from a stretch of meetings to a working dinner out. To prove it's the ideal combo, we asked model and health coach Victoria Raemy to give the look a spin around New York City. What she wears has become even more important as she focuses on her coaching business: She needs to look like a business owner you want to trust with your health, but not one who's too formal.The best part about the sandal-maxi-and-trench uniform? Its ability to work for the wearer. In Victoria's case, that means everything has to be super practical: Clothes are made for wearing and food is meant for eating—no fuss about it. The California-bred, New York City-based twenty-something described her style as “functional and versatile,” factors that have become even more vital as she hones in on creating her own company. “I’m starting a business while modeling, my job for the past eight years—I have very little time to think about styling outfits,” she says. “I like things that just go together.” That style MO explains her penchant for dresses, neutral hues, and anything that doesn’t have a prescribed "this must be worn with that" vibe. "My personal style isn't very color punchy," she says. "I love dresses because it's one piece you put on and you're good. It can be an entire statement in one." Experienced in pounding the NYC pavement thanks to all her years attending castings, she's also serious about what she expects from her footwear.“Comfort is a 10 out of 10 in terms of importance for me. I’m on my feet all the time, going up and down subway stairs. I won’t wear uncomfortable shoes.” And because her modeling career has meant hours spent alongside stylists and designers, the aforementioned comfy shoes still need to look super trend-forward. To harness the full power of a style uniform, each item needs to be able to be worn with multiple pieces in a full range of situations. That all-important sartorial flexibility is found in spades in Sorel's wedge sandal. The lace-up style benefits from the stellar construction the brand is known for, giving high marks on both the comfort and practicality charts. For Victoria, that makes it the ideal spring shoe to be worn with breezy dresses for coaching sessions and jeans for modeling gigs.    Victoria shares a lot of clothes with her model sister Jessica, and adopting a style uniform has made it easier for pieces to be traded back and forth. While their personal styles definitely differ—Victoria is more buttoned-up to her sister's sexy, boho vibe—each has mastered the art of putting her own spin on an item. (See more of Jessica's style here.)"We're the same size, head to toe," Victoria explains. "We have this running joke, 'If you buy it for you, it needs to be applicable to me.' We'll text each other photos from dressing rooms, like 'Do you want this as much as I want this?'"Worn throughout: Lein Dress; Anine Bing Trench Coat; H&M Bag; Young Frankk Earrings; Kate Jones Ring; Annika Inez RingWorn by Jessica: Milly Dress; Merlette Coat; Hunting Season Bag; Abel Necklaces; Ursa Major RingsStyling: Lindsay Grosswendt; Hair, Charles McNair; Makeup: Rommy Najor; Styling Assistant: Julia Virkler		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Because versatility is key. There's nothing worse than paying for a workout class only to find yourself completely distracted by your pants that keep falling down. I'm convinced that high-waisted leggings were specifically invented to solve this problem, which is why every woman needs a pair (or five) in her closet. Narrow your search with these comfy-but-stylish options, ahead, that are cute enough to go straight from the gym to brunch—or, you know, just to brunch. We won't tell. You'll have trouble deciding whether or not you actually want to sweat in these amazing Outdoor Voices leggings, known for their chevron design that's flattering on every body type. Look like a street style star in Girlfriend Collective's leggings made from recycled water bottles. If you love the snug fit, they also come in black, blue, jade, navy, purple, and red. The internet cannot stop obsessing over these $11 leggings from Amazon. (Yes, you read that correctly.) "They aren't messing around with the high waist capabilities," says one reviewer. "They come up above the smallest part of my waist when pulled up all the way, which I love."  Nike's sculpted high-waisted leggings purposefully aim to show off those toned calf muscles when you want the world to know you #workout. If you love Spanx, you'll appreciate these squat-approved thick jersey leggings even more. They're super high-waisted (literally, they go halfway up your back) and won't irritate your skin.For a more elevated look, go for Alo's shiny leggings equipped with a waistband that can be worn way above your belly button or folded over just like you did in the early 2000's. (Just me?)Make your leggings a staple item in your wardrobe, thanks to this printed pair from Free People's activewear line, Free People Movement. It's cropped just below the knee, which will put your excellent sock game on display.Athleta's leggings were made for yogis to nail that tree pose and downward dog. They're simple, and the waist band stays in one place without being too tight. As one reviewer so eloquently wrote, "I'd like to live in these." Sometimes a girl just wants to throw on a pair of leggings—workout class scheduled or not—and that's where these C9 Champion capris come in. Did we mention they have pockets?! Genius. It doesn't get chicer (and more sustainable!) than Stella McCartney's collaboration with Adidas. Thanks to a partnership with Parley for the Oceans, these blue leggings were made with yarns from recycled plastic. Plus, the cutouts will keep you cool and absorb any moisture from sweat. Take your leggings to the next level with a colorblocked pair from LA-based lifestyle brand, VIMMIA. They're too good not to wear on mini hikes...to the grocery store and the mall.  •••  For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Ready for your glow-up?The arrival of spring means a few things, including warmer weather, blossoming flowers, and color. Lots of color. Spring is officially in motion, and as we swap out our wool coats for denim jackets (or, for the lucky ones, no jacket at all), the time to step out with a bold new look is now. Stuart Weitzman's latest collection, the Neon Capsule, is exactly what you need to take your spring style to the next level.A limited-edition collection, the Neon Capsule puts an edgy fluorescent spin on the brand's classic styles. You can find shoes like the beloved Nudist sandals and the ever-cool SW-612 sneaker in highlighter colors. There's even a colorful handbag, just in case you're not ready to shine that bright below.So, ready for your glow-up? The collection is now available to shop on Instagram for 24 hours. If you miss this window, however, you can still shop the collection online April 17.   The #ANNY gets even more pumped up in next-level neons. Tap to shop the limited-edition Neon Capsule through Instagram now or shop via link in our bio. #StuartWeitzman #SWNeon . . . Early access available through Instagram in US only on 4.16.19 until 11:59PM ET.A post shared by  STUART WEITZMAN (@stuartweitzman) on Apr 16, 2019 at 7:11am PDTFans of the newly launched Stuart Weitzman capsule collection include Jennifer Lopez, Olivia Culpo, and Ashley Graham. So, you're in good company when you get your neon on. Plus, celebrities like Blake Lively and Priyanka Chopra are riding the highlighter wave too, rocking everything from a lime green fur coat to highlighter-yellow pantsuits. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			From biker shorts to Bermuda short suits, here are 6 ways to wear spring's biggest trend.  Give your floral midi dress a break this month and take some shorts-styling inspo from KKW and Bella Hadid. Pulling off biker shorts or Bermuda shorts is all a matter of proportions. Below, six ways to rock the trend. I promise, you can do this!Eighties style is still bullish. Balance XXL power shoulders with second-skin bodysuits and biker shorts. Look Wall Street rich on top and downtown cool on the bottom!Shop the look: 1. Sandro top, $190; 2. Mugler jacket, $2,540; 3. Mugler short, $740; 4. Lady Grey earring, $156.Calling all shorts-wearing beginners: A long-line blazer with looser fitting Bermuda shorts is your entry point. The pink is sweet and polished.Shop the look: 1. Tibi blazer, $750; 2. Tibi short, $395; 3. Mounser earring, $195.A low-key athletic bodysuit paired with suiting basics will be your go-to spring look. A bum bag is the stylish way to hold your environmentally friendly metal straws.Shop the look: 1. Off-White tshirt, $320; 2. Rokh short, $490; 3. Off-White blazer, $1,760; 4. Off-White shoe, $1,170.The right biker shorts can be flattering and hold everything in—no joke! Make sure they hit at your natural waist or even a bit higher.Shop the look: 1. Re/Done sweater, $373; 2. Chanel waist bag, $3,000; 3. Lady Grey earring, $168; 4. Khaite short, $ 760.Warmer weather is all about a closet refresh. Swap out your neutrals for pastel hues and a feminine satin touch.Shop the look: 1. Prada top, $1,390; 2. Prada short, $1,120; 3. Prada bag, $3,750;  4. Prada headband, $240.There's never been a more appropriate day to celebrate the bike short trend than...you guessed it, bicycle day, which falls on April 19th.Shop the look: 1. Good American top, $58; 2. Aritzia jacket, $ 78; 3. T by Alexander Wang biker short, $225. A version of this story appeared in the April 2019 issue of Marie Claire.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			From the office to a balmy vacation. If you're going to spend most of the season sweating in something, might as well not spend a fortune on it, right? So goes our mantra on summer dresses, which is why we've done the homework for you on the best affordable options to own this season. From a denim minidress to a floral maxi fit for weddings and beyond, these dresses all provide airflow to minimize overheating during the hottest months. And, they all clock in at under $150, so you can buy one or even two dresses for summer.Once the weather reaches peak summer, you won't need your denim jacket so it replace with a denim minidress. This button-up fit-and-flare style from Aritzia has a square neckline for modest chest coverage and a raw hem that gives it that slightly unfinished cool touch. With this dress on, you won't miss your denim jacket or skinny jeans for the rest of the season.Guys, I found the perfect picnic dress. With wide sleeves, so you don't overheat, and a billowy buttoned skirt, this piece has all the makings of a summer staple. I can just picture it now: you in this dress, with a cold glass of white wine in hand, as you people watch in the park. For a two-in-one, scoop up this floral three-quarter sleeve dress. When it's completely untied, it doubles as a long cardigan. Wear with a tank top and denim shorts underneath for a Chrissy Teigen-inspired look. This is as dressed up at work as you'll find me in the summer. The button-down shirtdress instantly makes you look put together and proper without feeling overly stuffy (it hits above the knee). You can wear it with boots, with chunky dad sneakers, or just plain sandals—it matches everything.This dress is for the bride who's throwing an engagement party or bridal luncheon. The silver stripes and florals work together to turn a cream-colored dress into a summery statement piece. Strap on a pair of heels and some oversize earrings for an effortless bride-to-be outfit. A dress without pockets is a travesty in my book. Thankfully, this H&M number doesn't lack in them. The dress draws it's design inspo from cargo pants, hence the four pockets, and is woven from a viscose fabric with a sheen to make it look a littler fancier. Wear it on the weekends while at the farmer's market or with a pair of pumps for work.This spaghetti strap dress is an easy piece you can bring on vacation. Throw it on with some sandals and you'll be ready to take photos for the 'gram. Should the front dip too low for you, layer a tee underneath for the fashion-girl way to wearing a dress. I call this the "summer events dress." You can wear it to weddings, bridal luncheons, baby showers, birthday parties, and more. The dress' versatility lies in the colors (pink and navy florals don't break any wedding rules) and the sweet design details like ruffles that are punctuated with a high-low bottom for a sexy touch. From far away, the textured gingham print looks like stripes in this laid-back midi dress. It's the piece you turn to on days when you "just don't know what to wear" because it can be styled multiple ways. Wear with kitten heels and a cardigan for the office (because that damn AC will be blasting on overdrive) or wear it as is with sneakers. Repeat with me: you can never have too many floral maxi dresses. To prove my point, here's another one to consider adding to your wardrobe. It has cute ruffle sleeves and an easy leg-flashing overlay so you can show off your summer sandals. It can be dressed up or down, depending on your mood, and when paired with a denim jacket and tights, will take you right into fall 2019 (when that time comes).Breathable and lightweight material like linen will be your best friend against summer's sweltering heat. This linen-blend minidress has it all and then some, with cute details like a side-waist tie and a v-neck to show off your delicate gold necklaces. State your love for florals loud and proud with this georgette dress. The cold-shoulder style is perfect for someone who wants to show a little bit of skin but not her entire arm (three-quarter sleeves will take care of the rest!). And because it is wedding season, this is yet another dress to have on hand for the occasion. This dress may remind you of the one Meghan Markle wore, though for less than half the price. Channel your inner duchess with a pair of lace-up brown sandals or if you want to take things up a notch, wear with bright accessories. Count this classic number as one of your go-to dresses for the season.The more details, the merrier and this ditsy floral mini has it all. Short sleeves, check. Flattering ruched finish, check. Though it'll look best with a pair of heels, you can easily turn it into a Sunday outfit with slip-on leather slides or a pair of white sneakers.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			No one is immune to the Markle effect.If you’ve ever seen The Devil Wears Prada, then you might remember the moment that Andy manages to find the early manuscript copies of Harry Potter for Miranda Priestley, and finally lands in the good books with the icy editor. Are you with me? Well, the Duchess of Sussex Meghan Markle can officially consider today to be her Devil Wears Prada moment, because she just earned the approval of legendary fashion journalist, Anna Wintour. Proving that absolutely no one is immune to The Markle Effect™, Wintour spoke of the Duchess of Sussex during her recent appearance at Tina Brown’s 2019 Women of the World Summit. Asked for her thoughts on Meghan, the editor-in-chief of US Vogue credited the mom-to-be for bringing “modernity” to the royals."She’s really bringing modernity to the royal family in a way that is inspiring," Wintour explained. "I think the image that I have in my mind… the Duchess of Sussex walking down the aisle by herself, that to me was representative of a modern woman.”We all know that Meghan has the Midas touch when it comes to wardrobe choices—anything she wears for royal engagements or public appearances sells out within a matter of hours. And hey, it turns out that even Anna Wintour can’t resist giving her style a little Sussex twist.Discussing the idea of signature style, Wintour said: “I think that’s an entirely personal decision...It’s probably an easier decision to wear the same thing every day and not have to be concerned. Maybe it’s a little bit boring and time to change. I’ve been thinking a lot about suits recently so… thank you to the Duchess of Sussex!”I’m not entirely sure whether she’s actually inspired by Meghan looking awesome in a suit, or whether that’s just a pun on her past acting career (y'know, Suits)… But there you have it—Meghan Markle has even inspired the actual editor of Vogue to switch things up a little bit. Consider that to be the highest of kudos, Meg.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Coachella is back and attendees at the annual California music festival are embracing all of the fringe, crop tops, and all-around boho-chic style we've come to expect from the event. Here are some of the best street style looks from the 2019 festival. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Your blistered feet need a break. Summer boots might seem like an oxymoron. Sure, your instinct is to let those toes wiggle free in the sunshine. But, have you ever examined your feet at the end of a long day outside? Ten bucks says they're dirty and covered in dust and debris from walking around all day. (Yeah, gross.) That's where boots come in. Many styles now come with ventilation designed right in, so you don't have to worry about overheating. Plus, booties pair especially well with dresses, skirts, and denim shorts (as proven on the runways and by street style stars). You can even find them in all colors, from stark white to gentle yellows and lilacs. Dare I say the "cooler" way to dress up your favorite maxi skirt is with a boot, not a pair of sandals. Here, 13 boots with a bit of that summertime fun, so they won't send you straight back to deepest winter dread. (Though you could definitely wear them then, too.)No colored boot is more versatile for summer than white. It's a blank canvas for you to wear with floral dresses, denim midi skirts, and lightly-washed distressed jeans. This kitten heel gives you a little elevation without the foot pain and the smooth design makes it look way more expensive than its $120 price tag.Go sockless! This pair, which looks like a cross between a sandal and a mule, features a backless cut and ankle straps. The design also has a western influence for those who want that vibe, but aren't in the market for an actual pair of cowboy boots. On the off-chance it rains, you'll be equipped with these iridescent boots from Hunter. Depending on how the light hits them, you'll see reflections of pink, yellow, gold, and maybe even green. These mermaid-like hues are sure to brighten up your summer day even if the sun decides not to show.Black combat boots may be your go-to for winter, but for summer try something lighter like this blue moon hue. This, coupled with the coffee-brown sole gives the boot a freshness for the season. You can style it with white denim shorts or under a flowing maxi dress for an edgy-cool look.Rejoice! You can finally expose your ankles and legs without facing frigid gusts of wind. Celebrate with this super low-cut bootie—it'll pair seamlessly with whatever you have in your warm-weather wardrobe. It's almost like wearing your favorite ballerina flat, except with more cushion, padding, and a heel. Plus, the slip-on style is the ease we all want for summer. Your outfits will never lack color with this lavender knee-high boot from Kate Spade. Spotted on the runways under maxi dresses, this style of shoe is best worn with a floral print for that '70s vibe. Come fall, it'll pair just as easily with tights and a knitted cream dress.Don't ask us to give up our suede brown booties because we won't. Though, if your pair is completely destroyed from overuse, buy this one from Maje. It has subtle stitching on the sides and toe, combined with a Cuban heel and western-style cutouts. This boot is suitable for every day wear, so you don't have to think twice about how to style it. Going to music festivals this season? You'll need a sturdy boot like this that can get you past the mosh pit to center stage. (Imagine being stepped on while in sandals vs. this boot. I'd pick the latter.) A bandana gives this shoe extra style points and the craftsmanship is done in Italy—bellissimo.  These shoes look like cowboy boots taken down a few notches. The toned-down ankle style is more wearable for day-to-day activities, like taking a stroll through the park or meeting up with friends at an outdoor barbecue. Pair with denim shorts and a white bodysuit. Add a flannel shirt, if you really want to go there. For minimalists who just want a low, flat bootie, I present this option from Vince. The shiny leather and pointy toe give the shoe a fancy feel, yet it's still wearable for whatever you have planned. (I bet you can even bike in this.) The low heel makes it perfect for walking around outside without getting blisters or arch cramps. If I had to imagine a piña colada drink in shoe form, this would be it. This tropical bootie looks tough but chill, thanks to the leafy prints and sunshine-yellow background. Frayed threads give the boot an unfinished feel that says, "I'm not trying too hard." On the heels of cow print nail art, here's a cow print bootie from Mango. Unlike its counterparts (leopard print, zebra, or snakeskin), this design is relatively unexpected but cool in a farm-girl-meets-the-city kind of way. I can imagine myself wearing these underneath a white dress or with high-waisted mom jeans and a crop top. (Please don't say yee-haw to me.)"How the hell would I wear this!?" is what you're probably thinking. Don't fret, just pull a J.Lo. (Confused? Click here.) You can easily work these in with jeans and a plain top or under a thin jersey dress. They're a statement shoe for the ladies who have something to say. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You can wear them to the office then straight to happy hour.The words "work pants" might conjure up images of stuffy black slacks and boring wool trousers, but you won't find those here. The 10 pairs of fashionable trousers (and one pair of jeans) I found, below, prove that yes, cute work pants do exist. Whether your HR department dictates your dress code as corporate or relaxed, there is a bottom for everyone, all office-appropriate yet stylish enough that you don't feel the need to change before happy hour. Get shopping and then own that meeting. If your office is more conservative, a great place to start shopping for work pants is business-casual favorite Banana Republic. The retailer offers a range of tailored, skinny, and flared trouser styles within most people's budgets. Instead of picking up yet another pair of black slacks, go for a subtle pinstriped navy pair that's just as versatile and subtle. Dark colors are key to looking buttoned-up in the office, which is why I love this deep moss-green hue. Even though it hits at the ankles and has a little waist tie, you can easily make this appropriate for corporate settings by styling with a pair of pumps and a button-down. Alternatively, for the more creative folks, wear with a thin sweater and mules for that transitional weather look. There's something about being able to pull off white pants at the office. Although, yes, prone to stains and spills, a crisp ivory trouser—like this one from Veronica Beard—is, simply put, elegant. These bottoms are made from a lightweight linen-blend, just in time for the rising summer temperatures, and are lined in cotton so they pass the bend over test. For sophisticated and affordable pieces, my go-to is always Mango. This fast-fashion brand is geared towards the career-driven woman, offering year-round staples in the pants, button-down tops, silk blouses, and flats departments. Case in point: this herringbone trouser, which can be worn with pumps and this blouse, but look equally as good with sneakers and a hoodie for casual Fridays.  The sister store to Suit Supply, Suistudio is where women go to get suits, trousers, and other power lady separates tailored to the female body. For the spring collection, the label's introduced this blue checked trouser, which is made from pure Italian cotton and has a high-waisted fit with a lightweight feel. The print provides just enough detail and style without feeling overly flashy while you're in a meeting. For a twist on pinstripes, try polka dots (you'll likely be able to get away with wearing them in most offices). This pair of trousers was inspired by a jacket worn by actress Monica Vitti in a Michelangelo Antonioni film. The golden polka dots are meant to catch the light (so definitely wear these to a post-work date) for a little shine and come in a wide silhouette if you're sick of skinnies. These bottoms prove you can be serious and stylish at the same time.According to reviewers, these pants are downright the comfiest office-appropriate trousers ever. They come in four colors (my favorite is the bold red), and are composed of thin material so you can wear from spring into fall. Style with a tee and a matching red blazer for a full-on suit look. You'll be ready to conquer that presentation. For those who work in an environment where you can wear anything, take advantage of that with these snakeskin printed pants. Sure they're a little bold, but fashion mavens shouldn't be afraid to show off that side in the office. They make a statement and look super comfy, thanks to a breezy fabric. Trend-setter status achieved. A challenge for you: Put away the black jeans and try a pair of leather trousers. I know you might be imagining a Ross Geller moment here, but these will shimmy on and off right away. The soft leather features a front split detail, to show off your shoes, and look so sleek and professional. Since they're 100 percent leather, the price is a bit luxe, but worth it! Many of the sizes are already sold out, so you should get your pair while they last.Gingham has been the print of summer for the past few seasons and by now, it's as classic as stripes or polka dots. This black-and-white trouser shows off your classy but trendy side. Use the bottoms as a base to play around with your shoes and tops. A cool kitten mule or a colorful bag keeps the pants from looking mundane. Jeans your work pants of choice? Same. You'll want to have newly launched denim brand Decade on your radar. They have four pairs of denim styles right now, with more to come, and they all look like the vintage jeans you've been scouring your local thrift stores for. The brand's mission towards a social and environmentally responsible impact is another reason to love this label. •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Yes, you can make this trend work. Here's how.Like dad sneakers or tiny sunglasses, bucket hats incite a lot of opinions. On one side, you have your fearless friends who dive right in. On the other side are the wary fashionistas thinking, "It's a cool style, but I could never wear that." I fell into that latter group. I witnessed every designer, from 3.1 Phillip Lim to Fenty x Puma, sending bucket hat creations down the runways, but I wasn't completely sure that I myself could ever rock one. It seemed so dad-ish, and truth be told, I generally don't have a head for hats. (That's why all my winter jackets have a built-in hood.)Then one day, while on vacation, I completely forgot my one straw hat, which I have just out of sheer necessity. As a last resort to avoid a sunburn on my head, I slipped my boyfriend's blue bucket hat (with a fish print) on. Now, his wasn't the stylish ones you saw on the runways (sorry, babe), so I was slightly embarrassed because I was in a full on "dad has gone fishing" look. But, I don't know when, maybe it was after a few selfies and a piña colada, I started loving the bucket hat on me. It kept my head cool, it was slightly oversized for a comfortable fit, and I actually looked cute with it on in photos. I was reluctant to give the bucket hat back when the sun went down, which gave my BF, who has sworn by this style for years, the ultimate satisfaction. Since I couldn't keep stealing his, I went on a search for my own and I'm now a proud owner of this pink one from ASOS. However, the story doesn't end there. I desperately want another one for my collection and found 12 cute options for this season. Whether you're that fearless fashionista or the apprehensive bucket hat shopper, the versatile selections below will convince you to buy one for summer. And yes, you 100 percent can rock it.This basic black bucket hat from Re/Done is the best way to dip your feet into the trend while still feeling like yourself. It's not crazy or outrageously loud in prints and colors, so the accessory will pair seamlessly with whatever outfits you have planned. When it's too hot to wear jeans, get your denim fix with this pintucked brim hat. The light-blue wash goes well with the whites and creams in your wardrobe though I wouldn't be obsessed to styling this with a floral pink maxi dress too. Dear skinnies, you've been replaced this season. When you feel like showing off your streetwear side, this Fendi-logo covered piece is the way to go. On days you want something simpler, flip this hat inside out to the red side. The two-for-one deal (kind of) justifies the $550 price tag. Okay, fine, I know it's a stretch. But, it is Fendi. Like black, a canvas white bucket hat is just as appropriate for getting in on the trend. This one from Madewell is a no-fuss piece with that '90s skater vibe. You can pair it with everything, from utilitarian denim overalls to a bikini for summer.Your fedora has been your go-to the past few seasons, so try something new like a straw bucket hat. It provides the same shade and coolness for your precious locks without lacking any of the style. This piece in particular has a slim bucket silhouette and is made of woven paper straws for an eco-friendly touch.You want your bucket hat to have some sort of versatile pattern. Enter stripes. This one from Rag & Bone comes in all neutral shades, so you can easily work it into any look depending on the occasion. You can wear this fishing with your father at the lake or with a white summer dress to happy hour with the girls. I hope you're not sick of the tie dye trend yet because, hello, here's an amazing tie dye bucket hat. The watercolor hues remind me of a very abstract painting (Monet perhaps?) that gives off cool and happy vibes. The hat itself is made from lightweight cotton with a brim that's both flat and wide in order to shield your eyes from harsh rays.Just in case your hat slips a little past the eyes, you can still see thanks to the PVC material. It's very fashun of Eric Javits to combine PVC with the bucket hat mania for the ultimate super trend. Wear this with any outfit and you'll earn some instant street style points.This reversible leopard print hat speaks to the fierceness that's inside all of us. As soon as you have this on, there's nothing you can't conquer in a day. But, if you're feeling slightly less than enthused about life one morning, flip this hat to the plain black side. Embrace the best of both worlds.You can't expect me to talk about bucket hats without including a floral one for the warm weather. Continuing on the train of reversible styles, this one too has the same qualities. Though, I suggest you show off the floral side as much as you can before those winter vibes settle back into our lives. Shudders, the horror. Looking for a denim bucket hat with slightly more pizazz? Scoop up this version between Understated Leather and Free People. The patchwork design gives people something to look at while the color's still versatile enough to wear with your summer dresses. Like the flush on your cheeks or a glass of summer rosé, this blush pink is truly a color for summer. It's light and dreamy, pairing well with a beige trench coat or even a head-to-toe green outfit (just look at the model online for inspo). After buying a denim bucket hat, I am coming back for you.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			And we want IT ALL. STORY, the Manhattan-based concept shop that changes themes every two months (previous "stories" have included Out of Office, featuring pool floats, Panama hats, and everything else you need for a getaway from the day-to-day, and Well Being, a collection of succulents, inspirational books, and more), is taking its  “Color Story” pop-up nationwide. Launching today, Macy’s shoppers will discover curated rainbow-hued products, along with interactive workshops, in 36 stores across the country. These are the items we can't wait to buy; shop in-store to add a little color to your life. Drop a fizzy, fruity bath bomb in your tub to give your water total mermaid vibes. Plus, each bomb dissolves away to reveal a prize, like a fortune or toy. Da Bomb, $25From flavors like "Cereal Bowl" to "Roses and Rosé," these chocolate bars taste as good as they look. Compartes,  $10Designed to double as a hair tie and a bracelet, one of these elastics looks just as good around your wrist as it does up in a pony. By Lilla, $8A rainbow confetti-clutch is perfect for any party, plus these bad boys can be personalized with charms in-store.  Julie Mollo, $23–29Recharge your phone and your look: This portable power bank doubles as a mini makeup mirror. HYPER by SANHO, $30•••Shop more fun items at Macys.com.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The size-inclusive capsule collection is available in sizes 00 to 40.Brightening up all of our Tuesdays, Universal Standard and Rodarte just debuted a surprise collaboration that's both size-inclusive and affordable. The drop marks the first time Universal Standard has partnered with a luxury fashion brand, as well as Rodarte's first accessibly-priced collection since its Target collaboration in 2009. Available in sizes 00 through to 40, Rodarte x Universal Standard offers up the signature romance of Kate and Laura Mulleavy's brand at the inclusive size range that Universal Standard has become known and celebrated for. The capsule collection's pieces all range from $150 - $240 in price, compared to Rodarte's dresses which typically retail for upwards of $4,000. “It shouldn’t be a far-fetched possibility for women of all sizes to have access to contemporary, ready-to-wear fashion, and experience supreme quality and design when buying clothing,” Alexandra Waldman, co-founder and Chief Creative Officer of Universal Standard, said in a statement from the brand. “I’ve always admired Kate and Laura’s unique eye and talent for creating ethereal and beautiful pieces. Rodarte’s design aesthetic is truly outstanding, and we’re thrilled to join forces for this incredible collaboration and offer elevated pieces that we can all experience and share.”From a ruffled red jumpsuit to the perfect day-to-night blouse and sweetheart-neckline dresses, the limited-edition collab comes just in time to usher your wardrobe into spring. Launching today, Rodarte and Universal Standard's capsule collection is available to shop online at universalstandard.com and at Universal Standard’s flagship store in SoHo (located at 65 Greene St).For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HEREFrom: Harper's BAZAAR US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Toss that little black bikini aside.We're aware that most people buy just one or two new swimsuits per season (unless you live right next to the beach or have a pool—lucky you). Thus, deciding which one you're going to invest in for this year requires careful research. Like everything else in fashion, every season you'll find designers releasing new bikinis and one pieces, likely around a certain theme. For spring/summer 2019, animal print reigns supreme, from your leopard spots to tiger stripes, though we've uncovered four other trends you're sure to see lining the lounge chairs this summer too. (You don't need another little basic black bikini!). See which trend speaks to you, ahead, add said suit to your cart, then get ready to wear it in three to five business days. Don't forget SPF!This season's animal print selections run the gamut, from your classic leopard to variations on zebra and tiger stripes—even python! You'll find these designs splashed onto one-pieces and bikinis in a variety of colors from neon pinks to a more subdue white-and-black combination. While animal prints are generally associated with that "look-at-me" vibe, anyone can rock them. The fierce print serves as a little reminder that we're all feeling more powerful and bold this year, so don't be afraid to own it. Tan lines from sexy cutout swimsuits like the ones below are ones we don't really mind. (Just remember to apply sunscreen there too.) For 2019, almost every swimwear brand has released its own version of a "sexy cutout" suit, whether it's a bikini that resembles bandage wraps or a one-piece that has a whole side missing. My favorite, though, has to be the combination of strategically placed cutouts on more romantic and feminine swimsuits for that unexpected style twist.Kourtney Kardashian wore a purple metallic swimsuit back in August and now metallic swimsuits are everywhere. Coincidence? We think not. For summer, brands like Lisa Marie Fernandez have bumped up their metallic bikini and one-piece offerings, releasing colors like black (a more versatile option than purple) and classic gold and silver. This shiny material might get blindly bright when the sunlight hits it, so have your sunglasses ready. Might I recommend this pair?Our infatuation with clothes from the '80s and '90s has been well documented on the runways for the past few seasons. This nostalgia, clearly, is no different when it comes to swimwear—retailers are hopping on that high-waisted bikini bandwagon. If you had trouble finding a style you liked last season don't you worry, for summer 2019 there are tons of new options. Incorporating florals to ruffles to cutouts (see above) to sustainable fabrics, the high-waisted cut is at the top of every retailer's must-design list. The high-waist might be a retro look, but these fresh prints and designs keep it feeling contemporary.Blink and you might miss this subtle but sweet detail. Tiny bows are popping up on swimsuits, whether on the shoulders or on the side of your bikini bottoms. Some designers like Mara Hoffman even made them the focal point on swimsuits, placing them front and center for the world to see. If you're looking for just a touch of something-something in your otherwise basic swimsuits, opt for one of the pretty bow pieces below.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Puffer coats come and go, but a great bomber jacket is forever. Transitional pieces can be tough to find (mainly because you never know if they'll actually keep you warm), but you'll want to keep these picks, ahead, at the front of your closet as spring approaches. They're perfect for the 40- to 70-degree jump, and you'll love 'em enough to convince yourself they're acceptable to wear in the summer. Trust. Thanks to good ol' global warming, spring always comes with that 50-degree wildcard. That's why this elegant gingham-lined trench coat exists.It's officially tracksuit szn. Stay extra in this bright red Adidas Originals jacket that's approved by celebs like Kendall Jenner. Go all out and pair it with the high-waisted matching pants. Dusters are incredibly underrated—they can elevate a simple outfit like jeans and a t-shirt from a 5 to a 10 just by adding the stylish layer. If you want to recreate the look shown here, throw on one of these fanny packs.PSA: It's acceptable to wear white all year round, but for those of you who like to follow the rules, now's the time to thrive in this white denim staple with vintage details. When the hair-flowing-in-the-wind is back (not the I-can't-feel-my-face-wind) grab this colorblocked windbreaker for a sportier look.Levi's, $150SHOP ITWhat happens when your favorite denim jacket meets your favorite bomber jacket? This acid-wash denim bomber that will instantly become your new weekend staple. Brighten up any day with this quilted yellow knit jacket. It's guaranteed to come with plenty of compliments. For an oversized, boxy look, choose this corduroy trucker jacket to throw on with a great pair of jeans. Leather jackets are year-round outerwear, and never go out of style. BB Dakota is notorious for its soft, affordable faux jackets like this one that looks way more expensive than it is. 2005 called and said tie-dye is back, so here we are. The proof is on the spring '19 runways. Spring = rain showers. This waterproof jacket comes equipped with a hood and a flattering silhouette that will convince you to pull it out of the closet even when it's not pouring.  Coachella may not be your thing, but you can still manifest warm desert vibes with this western fringe jacket that's currently on sale for $270. On the days spring doesn't actually feel like spring, cozy up in this sweatshirt/jacket hybrid you can totally get away with wearing to work. •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			They ruled the runways.The term "supermodel" rose in popularity in the '80s and '90s, giving us icons like Cindy Crawford, Linda Evangelista, and Naomi Campbell. Today, "supermodel" describes the rare breed of model who has achieved worldwide success and becomes a personality outside of the modeling world. The 2000s, while it gave us some terrible fashion trends, did birth a new generation of these supermodels, particularly ones with savvy entrepreneurial and philanthropic qualities. One look at Liya Kebede or Natalia Vodianova and you'll see what I mean. Like the ladies before them, the supermodels of the 2000s have changed and are changing the history of fashion. Get a quick low-down of the top 15, ahead. Bündchen made her runway debut at New York Fashion Week in 1996 and the rest was history. The Brazilian model hit the peak of her career as a Victoria's Secret Angel from 2000 to 2007, pioneered the "horse walk" (when a model picks her knees up high and kicks her feet out in front), and has landed high-fashion campaigns with everyone from Chanel and Givenchy to Versace and Salvatore Ferragamo. In total, Bündchen has appeared on 139 Vogue covers (11 of them from the US) and is still one of the top-earning models in the world, landing in fifth place on Forbes 2018 list of highest-paid models. These days, the star has stepped away from the catwalk a bit to focus on her family and other businesses, but don't call it retirement (she'll come after you).Ethiopian-born model Liya Kebede rose to fame in 2002 when she appeared on the cover of Vogue Paris. In 2003, she was the first black model to ever be awarded an Estée Lauder contract. The model has appeared in campaign for brands from Gap and Victoria's Secret to Dolce & Gabbana and Louis Vuitton. Though Kebede still models for the likes of Tom Ford, the 41-year-old has been busy pursing a more philanthropic career, working with the World Health Organization’s Maternal, Newborn and Child health division. She even started a clothing line called Lemlem, which helps women artisans keep traditional Ethiopian weaving techniques alive. In her spare time, you'll find Kebede engaging with her 203k Instagram followers. The model was discovered while selling fruits in her native home of Russia to help make money for her family. Vodianova moved to Paris by the age of 17 and from there, became one of the world’s most in-demand models. She has walked in more than 200 runway shows for both American and European designers. She's also known for landing an eight-season, seven-figure contract with Calvin Klein. In 2004, Vodianova made her first appearance on the cover of American Vogue alongside Gisele Bündchen and Daria Werbowy as one of the "Models of the Moment," shot by Steven Meisel. She then later appeared on a solo cover for the July 2007 issue. Following the philanthropic route of most celebs, Vodianova founded the Naked Heart Foundation, an organization that helps children in urban Russia and gives support to families raising kids with special needs.Joining the ranks of Gisele Bündchen and Natalia Vodianova, Werbowy joined the modeling scene in 2003. During her first season for Fall/Winter 2003, she landed two of the world’s most coveted modeling jobs: She became the face for Prada's fall/winter campaign and appeared on the cover of Vogue Italia. She also holds the record for opening and closing the most shows in one season in 2009. In 2008, Werbowy received a star on Canada’s Walk of Fame, becoming the second model to earn a star after Linda Evangelista. After so much success, these days the model is choosing to live a quieter life in Cork, Ireland, spending only a few months a year in New York. Dubbed that era's Kate Moss, Ward was 15 when she was scouted at a local mall in Perth, Australia. In 2003, IMG flew her to meet Miuccia Prada at the designer’s request, where she made her Prada runway debut that season and was immediately photographed by Steven Meisel for her first major campaign (also Prada). From there, she modeled for just about everyone, and at 16 was one of the youngest models to ever appear on the cover of American Vogue. At 19, she was reportedly making $20,000 per show and making $3 million a year. After the spring 2008 shows, Ward didn't walk down a runway again for five years, taking time to herself. (Her then-boyfriend Heath Ledger had passed away in 2008.) Ward's comeback to modeling happened in 2013, where she re-signed with IMG and her face was quickly plastered around NYC for the buzzy brand Eckhaus Latta. Her most recent runway shows include spring 2019 Proenza Schouler and Alexander McQueen.Rocha got her start in 2004 when she signed with Supreme agency in New York City. Two years later, she met with fashion photographer Steven Meisel, who cast her in an editorial with fellow model Gemma Ward and Amanda Moore. That cover kickstarted her career and landed her a February 2006 cover of Vogue Italia. She is best known for her relationship with Longchamp and has walked in runway shows for the likes of John Galliano and Miu Miu. In addition to modeling, her personality has landed her TV deals like being a judge on The Face and a guest judge on Australia's Next Top Model. Kerr rose to fame in 2007 thanks to her career as a Victoria's Secret model where she became the first Australian VS Angel. From there, the star signed deals with brands like Clinique and David Jones. She found time to write a self-esteem book called Treasure Yourself in 2009 and that same year launched her now famous organic skincare brand KORA Organics. In 2010, she walked for Balenciaga, which gave her high-fashion runway creds. A season later, she walked for Prada alongside fellow Angels Doutzen Kroes and Alessandra Ambrosio. The model is perhaps also famously known for dating/marrying Orlando Bloom (they have a son together) before divorcing in 2013. In 2017, Kerr married Snapchat founder co-founder/CEO Evan Spiegel and they're now expecting their second child together.Iman started modeling at the age of 12 and has had a lucrative career walking the runways of Burberry, Tom Ford, Gucci, Balenciaga, Max Mara, and more. She's appeared in campaigns for the likes of Ralph Lauren and has walked in the Victoria's Secret Fashion show prior to becoming an Angel in 2010. She's one the of luck ones who have managed to cross over spaces from not only modeling but appearing on screen. She was a guest judge on cycle 13 of  American's Next Top Model cycle and appeared on an episode of Lip Sync Battle, as part of Olivia Munn's performance of Taylor Swift's "Bad Blood." Her personality and career has garnered her a large fan base—she has 1.3 million Instagram followers. The model is still currently signed with IMG and when she isn't modeling or attending red carpet events, she's hanging out with her daughter Cali Clay Shepard. Kloss is a supermodel, entrepreneur, and philanthropist. She has worked with a variety of modeling agencies since she was 14 and is currently signed by IMG. Her fashion creds include being John Galliano's muse and the face of many brands from Donna Karan and Lacoste to Lanvin and Louis Vuitton. Apart from her modeling success, Kloss is an avid computer programmer. She launched a scholarship Kode with Klossy for young girls interested in computer science and software engineering in 2015. She also is the host of Project Runway while still modeling for brands like Adidas. Her spouse is Joshua Kushner, brother of Jared Kushner (Donald Trump's son-in-law).  China's biggest supermodel is arguably Liu Wen. She won a modeling contest when she was 17 and in 2008 was  scouted for her first international fashion show for Burberry. For the Fall 2019 RTW season, the model appeared in a total of 74 shows from New York to Paris, the highest number of shows for a model in that season. She also set the record for the most shows ever walked by an Asian model in a single season. Adding to her list of firsts, she also became the first Chinese model to grace the cover of American Vogue in 2017 alongside Gigi Hadid and Ashley Graham. To top it off, she was the first Asian to ever make Forbes' list of highest-paid supermodels. You can still catch the 31-year-old walking in shows like Givenchy and Schiaparelli, so watch out for her come 2020.Before Cara Delevingne, there was Agyness Deyn. Her short hair and edgy look provided a freshness to the model crew. She got her big cover break in 2007 when she was featured on Vogue alongside models like Jessica Stam and Coco Rocha for "The World's Next Top Models," issue. She has walked the runways for famous fashion houses such as Chanel, Hermés, Dior, Lanvin, Moschino, and Versace. And, landed beauty campaigns with Burberry and Shiseido. In October 2012, the model announced her retirement from the industry, citing that she wants to focus on new ventures like acting. Her latest film role includes playing Dr. Freya in Netflix's 2018 The Titan.Landing in good company with Gemma Ward and Lily Donaldson, Jessica Stam was part of the new crop of models called "doll face." The Canadian native was discovered at a Tim Hortons and later won the Los Angeles Model Look contest in 2002. She quickly became Steven Meisel's muse, which further bolstered her model creds in the fashion industry. She has appeared in campaigns for Anna Sui and Armani. In addition, she has walked in every show from Christian Lacroix and Dior to Givenchy and Jean Paul Gaultier. Marc Jacobs even named a bag after her called "The Stam," which was one of his most popular styles in 2005. These days, Stam is still modeling while raising her daughter who was born in 2017.The most distinguishing feature about Stone is her gap tooth. The model rose to fame in 2007 after she had a big Bardot-like spread in March’s Vogue Paris. She has opened shows for the likes of Fendi, Balmain, Isabel Marant, and Stella McCartney. She has also been a "semi-exclusive" for Prada, meaning she could not walk any other shows during fashion month before Prada. When she was 26 (she is now 34), she landed an exclusive deal with Calvin Klein, becoming the face of all three of its brands—a rare move back then. In 2010 Stone won British Fashion Awards's Model of the Year and to this day still appears on the runways at fashion week. (Here she is at Escada's spring 2019 show.)The Russian model's breakout year can be traced back to 2004 where she walked in 54 fashion shows from NYC to Milan and Paris. Special career highlights include having three fashion magazines dedicate entire issues to her (e.g. Vogue Russia in July 2008 and Vogue Espana in November 2011) and signing a contract with L'Oreal Paris to be a beauty ambassador in 2012. Continuing to still stay relevant in the modeling world, Poly appeared alongside Gigi Hadid and Raquel Zimmermann for Versace's spring 2016 campaign, shot by Steven Klein. You can follow her public and personal lives on Instagram, where she has amassed 949k followers. The model posts a mix of fashion shots and ones of her daughter. Poly is currently expecting her second child.Devon Aoki (the sister to famed musician Steve Aoki) was discovered at a concert in New York when she was just 13 years old and despite her 5'4 height, became an in-demand model by the time she was 16. That year she even replaced Naomi Campbell as the face of Versace and has subsequently been featured in ad campaigns for everyone, from Chanel and Saint Laurent to Oscar de la Renta and Celine. Her latest runway walk was for Jeremy Scott's NYFW show in 2018. In addition to her modeling career, you can catch Aoki on-screen in movies like 2 Fast to Furious and Sin City. The model is currently married with three kids: James Hunter, Alessandra Linville, and Eleanor Talitha. Her daughter Alessandra appeared in Guess Kids' spring 2018 ad campaign, no doubt on her way to following her mom's model footsteps. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She counts leggings and a baseball cap part of her uniform.In a bi-weekly series, we're interviewing female executives, founders, CEOs—basically, boss ladies—on their one "power suit" a.k.a. the outfit they wear every day for easy dressing to conquer whatever the job throws at them.Fertility is a confusing, complicated topic to decode, but San Francisco-based startup Modern Fertility's goal is to close the gap between women and fertility information earlier in life by making personal health info readily accessible. The company is known for its at-home customized hormone tests, which you can send in by mail to have reviewed by board-certified physicians. You then receive results and feedbacks about your hormones online via a personal dashboard. There's also access to chat with a fertility nurse and/or join Modern Fertility's online community."We try to prevent pregnancy our whole lives and then when we try to have children, we have little to no information to help us get there," said Carly Leahy, co-founder of Modern Fertility. "So if you track your fertility hormones over time, you can get a better sense for what your fertile window looks like. I know in the bay area and in New York City, these things are fuzzy and women are always asking should I freeze my eggs? Why is that the first question? It would be helpful to check in to see where your body is first before turning to that."Leahy, who has previously worked in creative strategy positions at Google and Uber, founded Modern Fertility in 2017 with Afton Vechery. The company currently employs 14 full-time employees with a network of about 30 contractors. They work out of a "warehouse-type space," in the Mission where, coincidentally, both Airbnb and Lyft started. While Leahy handles the marketing, brand strategy, voice, and content of the start up, Vechery focuses on the clinical and business side. Leahy credits Vechery for being deep in the fertility space first before drawing her into the space. The duo met on a "blind date," set up by a mutual friend, and long story short, Modern Fertility was born. Given the company is a new start up, you can imagine the dress code is relatively lax. In fact, Leahy counts leggings and a baseball cap (it's her dad's old Red Sox hat) as part of her weekly work uniform. (Lucky!) "I’ve always been a creative person in a creative field and I have always been encouraged to express myself in a way that feels natural to me," said Leahy. "I think it’s really important that accessibility, that authenticity—the ability to become your own self extends into the brand we’re creating at Modern Fertility." Without further ado, Leahy chats about her laid-back power outfit, below. "I am a total planner, so I have a week-by-week routine. On Mondays, my fiancé  and I usually go for a long run and I'll listen to a podcast. Post shower, I slip into my high-top sneakers and then bike to work. Also, on Mondays I pack clothes and bring them with me to the office for Tuesday. That's because I usually run to work on Tuesday morning or attend a pilates class. I try to sweat every morning, sometimes it's low-key and other times it's a higher-intensity workout, but always a work out. Exercising makes me feel sharp and because I've already surmounted a physical challenge, the rest of the day feels slightly easier. My Tuesday/Thursday outfits are usually what I call my 'athleisure look.' By that I mean, a pair of comfy leggings and a half zipped sweatshirt.""My strategy for getting dressed is always picking out clothes beforehand, like packing them into my bag for the next day or if I know it's going to rain, I will drape clothes over this yellow chair I have. Most days, it's an athleisure outfit because I like to be comfy—you're really getting into my psychology here—and since I live in San Francisco, you always have to be prepared with extra layers. I love an oversize sweater or a long-sleeve shirt for layering.""I have what I call my 'normal Carly' outfit, which consists of jeans with light rips in them, high tops (I have a few pairs of high-top Keds that I like), a tank top (in gray, black, or white), and a button-down, either flannel or linen, thrown over everything. Sometimes it's a sweater.  My hair is usually braided off to the side for ease. On the accessories front, I've never been a big jewelry person, but I have a couple of simple pieces all from my fiancé, who is wonderful. I wear this small gold circle earring on my left earring and a small gold bar earring on my right, for that mismatched look. I also have a simple gold bracelet I wear all the time too. For my athleisure look—I smile and joke as I say this because the word has become a running joke at my office—I'm in leggings (right now I'm wearing a pair from Lululemon), a soft workout-material-type long-sleeve shirt, and a Patagonia half-zip waffle sweatshirt. I top it off with a baseball cap. I'm a big fan of going to Marshalls or TJ Maxx and scouring the athletic racks. I love looking for a good deal. This dressed-down look has become part of our company's culture. I want my team to know that I see them putting in so much effort, they’re dedicating their lives to Modern Fertility's mission, so if they want to be comfortable, that’s okay. Personally, I just like looser-fitting clothes that are tomboyish. My friends actually said this to me but my style is like 'camping chic.' Very outdoorsy." "Camping, camping chic, and comfortable.""You can be a great, successful, high-performing leader and still be kind. I think kindness and seeing people/understanding where they are, it’s a really important leadership skill and life skill. As we evolve our company and things get chaotic, being kind is super important. That’s what my parents have taught me and I think everything works out when we're all nicer to one another." For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Do you think they planned it?Gigi Hadid is a bona fide fashion girl, and she has the wardrobe to match the moniker. Given that she is one of the world’s most in-demand models, Hadid has access to all the top designers and couture pieces a season before they're released to the public, which puts her in position to not just wear the trends, but create the trends. (Currently, she's got tiny sunglasses and dad sneakers on rotations, like most of the the fashion world.) But, even Hadid has some help pulling off one stunning outfit after the next: She works with stylist Mimi Cuttrell (who also styles Priyanka Chopra) to put together her model off-duty looks. Get inspired to go full fashun with Gigi's best street style moments, ahead.For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here). For Marc Jacobs' wedding in NYC, the Hadid sisters went with smart suited ensembles. While Bella opted for a peplum top and navy trousers, Gigi wore a gray two-piece suit with a sheer high-neck top that showed off her bra. She topped it off with a Youssef Lahlou hat. A yellow python-print bag added a pop of color. Braving the cold, Gigi wore a monochromatic orange ensemble while heading out to visit the IMG Models offices in New York City. Despite the freezing temperatures, the star wore a shirt held together with only one button, which flapped in the wind. She draped a Philip Klein coat over her shoulders.Gigi headed out for the day in a denim jacket and biker shorts set by Matthew Adams Dolan. She wore a pair of silver metallic Christian Louboutin pumps and carried a mini silver Prada bag.Gigi attended her sister's 22nd birthday in a sheer top that exposed her black Fleur du Mal bralette and wore patchwork-inspired pants. To give her outfit that edgy feel, she wore heavy dark eyeliner and kept her accessories strictly black too. The model looked comfortable, casual, and chic while out on a stroll in NoHo in New York City in a cropped, blue hoodie, loose cropped jeans, and sneakers. She accessorized with a pair of sunglasses, a white bag, and an iced coffee. #Relatable. Hadid left her New York City apartment to attend The Art of the Mix event at ABC Cocina. For the party, she wore a gray blazer and shorts set by Sydney-based womenswear label Pfeiffer. The model accessorized with chunky Ash sneakers, Alexandre Vauthier x Alain Mikli sunglasses, and surprisingly cheap BaubleBar earrings.The model looked summer-ready in NYC with a floral dress by Alberta Ferretti. She complemented the look with croc-embossed mules from Freda Salvador, a Paula Cademartori bag, a Streets Ahead belt, and Oliver Peoples sunglasses.Hadid left her apartment in a cool pair of two-toned sweatpants by Sebnemgunay. She styled the look with a cropped denim jacket from the Miss Sixty x Elizabeth Sulcer collection and wore her fave Ash sneakers and Alexandre Vauthier x Alain Mikli sunglasses.Hadid dressed in her red carpet best for Ocean's 8 world premiere in NYC. She wore a Vera Wang dress, DSquared2 heels, and Lorraine Schwartz jewelry.Hadid attended the 2018 CFDA Fashion Awards to support designer Donatella Versace. The star wore a printed catsuit from the fashion house, Stuart Weitzman shoes, a Lorraine Schwartz ring, EF Collection earrings, and a Gigi by Messika earring.The model attended the NYC premiere of Being Serena in a mustard-colored Derek Lam suit. She wore Effy gold pave hoop earrings, Christian Louboutin pumps, and added a dark-colored lip for moody vibes.The star celebrated her 23rd birthday with family and friends in NYC. For the special night she wore a body-hugging Atelier Versace gold minidress, Lorraine Schwartz earrings, and Christian Louboutin heels. Meanwhile, her sister Bella wore a vintage leopard print dress from Dior.Your eyes will zoom right on to Hadid's Chaos SixtyNine shirt, which features Cara Delevingne and Adwoa Aboah going in for a kiss. She tucked the oversize top into high-waisted checkered (dare we say Santa Clause–inspired) pants and wore a pair of Stuart Weitzman boots.Hadid's "Pina Colada" top by PLNY LaLa served as the ultimate reminder to book that beach vacation.  She wore the long-sleeve shirt with cropped Sandro jeans and NewbarK red velvet slippers.Hadid landed at JFK airport in a layered ensemble. She looked warm and comfortable in a Pared x Bec scarf, striped blazer, white crop T-shirt, blue jeans, and black boots. She attempted to go incognito with a pair of Pared Eyewear sunglasses.Hadid wore a pop art–inspired orange Prada leather jacket from the Spring/Summer 2018 collection while out with her sister in Paris. The pair shined in bright colors for the paparazzi.  Hadid left her NYC apartment for Milan Fashion Week in a double dose of Fendi. She wore the label's logo-covered bomber jacket and matched it to the luggage strap of her duffle bag.Hadid practically stopped traffic in her pink  puffer coat by Christina Ledang. She wore it with an equally pink ribbed shirt from the designer and a pair of sparkly pants from Christopher Bu. She completed the lewk with Filling Pieces biege sneakers and mini Ilesteva sunglasses.The Hadid sisters left Gigi's apartment in fancy ensembles for the 2017 Glamour Women of the Year Awards. Gigi wore a Zuhair Murad Couture dress while Bella wore a Cristina Ottaviano bustier and pantsuit set.Hadid attended a Maybelline party in NYC while wearing a strapless yellow minidress and matching coat from Ralph Lauren Collection.After modeling a red version of this Prabal Gurung dress on the Spring 2018 runway, Hadid stepped out in a yellow option. The sequin–and–fringe number features a sexy side cutout, making it the perfect red carpet premiere dress (she was on her way to support Blake Lively's film All I See is You).The Hadid sisters stepped out for Bella's birthday dinner. Gigi wore a baby blue Pamella Roland three-piece set while Bella looked sexy in a navy bustier dress by Dolce & Gabbana. During New York Fashion Week, Hadid was spotted in a magenta turtleneck sweater from 3.1 Phillip Lim and Marc Jacobs jeans. The furry trim on her Christian Louboutin mules matched her sweater perfectly.Hadid left her apartment in NYC wearing denim-on-denim, adding pops of red to her look with a ribbed top and booties. For accessories, she chose a pair of tinted orange sunglasses and a Stalvey bag.For the model's Vogue Eyewear #ShowYourParty Launch Party in NYC, Hadid wore a millennial pink Kreist leather ensemble with pearl-embellished Aquazzura platform heels. Pajamas but make it fashion was the motto Hadid followed when she stepped out in this blue striped look. The model let her red bra peek out from underneath her shirt and wore a pair of Adam Selman x Le Specs sunglasses.Hadid wore this pale blue Sally LaPointe outfit while out in NYC. She kept her accessories all-white for that crisp, clean feel. We've selected this as one of our favorite monochrome looks of all time.The model paid a nostalgic tribute to our childhoods with a Nickelodeon Studios sweatshirt by Junk Food. She carried a Stalvey bag and wore a pair of Stuart Weitzman "Clingy" boots.The model chose a yellow monochrome summer look while out in NYC. She wore a cropped corset, lace-up pants, and tied a sweater around her shoulders.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The classic bag just got a chic new upgrade.Say goodbye to the days when you would only carry your canvas tote to the beach. This utilitarian fabric just got a luxe upgrade, so you can build out your bag collection with the season’s most sought after purse. Fresh new styles, innovative trims, and affordable price points bring these once-casual bags to an it-bag status . Here, Erica Russo, VP and fashion director for accessories and beauty at Bloomingdales, shares her insights on why these bags are flying off the shelves.MARIE CLAIRE: How have you seen canvas bags make the shift from utility to fashion? ER: Over the past few years, it has evolved from being a style mainly loved for its practicality to a more fashion-forward accessory. The addition of new shapes, personalization options, and textures (like leather and coated canvas) has transformed this bag, making it a key style in handbag assortments. It can have a unique design coupled with an attainable price point. MC: Are they more durable or easier to care for than other bags, like leather? ER: Some customers have more confidence in their purchase knowing that canvas bags are made out of a material that can be easily cleaned. The fabric can withstand some wear and tear while still looking fashionable. MC: Canvas tote bags were a huge craze. How has the fabric made its way into other silhouettes? ER: We’ve seen new trendy styles emerge like belt bags, bucket bags, small clutches, and pouches. We’ve even seen canvas materials cross over into other categories like sneakers. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			And you can still buy it!Recently, Kylie Jenner and Travis Scott took a vacation baecation together at an undisclosed location. Wherever they were, they were surrounded by beautiful stretches of sand and crystal-clear water. (You can see all this from Kylie's latest Instagram snap.) The reality star and cosmetics mogul shared a sexy photo of the two enjoying the warm weather and ocean views. Kylie is pictured straddling Travis while sipping a glass of white (rosé?) wine. The weather provided Kylie with a chance to break out her many swimsuits. For baecation, she wore a leopard print bikini from Dolce & Gabbana. The set is still shoppable (don't worry, I've provided direct links to purchase below) and was a classic yet trendy choice given that animal prints are in for the summer. This also wasn't the first time the star donned a spotted swimsuit, Kylie has previously wore a leopard print one piece and even tried a cow print swimsuit that, actually, looked pretty amazing on her. Is there no animal print Kylie can't rock? baecation 🖤💦A post shared by  Kylie ♥️ (@kyliejenner) on Apr 4, 2019 at 12:39pm PDTAccording to Kylie, she took the photos of her and Travis via a "self timer" when her sister Kendall commented, "who took these pics? love a third wheel." (RIP Jordyn Woods.)Shop Kylie's exact bikini Kylie's previous animal print bikinis If you’re happy and you know clap your hands 👏🏼A post shared by  Kylie ✨ (@kyliejenner) on Jan 19, 2019 at 8:59am PST morning in paradiseA post shared by  Kylie ✨ (@kyliejenner) on May 2, 2018 at 7:43am PDT It's not clear whether Stormi joined her parents for the trip, but perhaps the couple wanted to de-stress and have some time alone before picking back up their parenting duties. Kylie and Travis had a rough few months dispelling cheating rumors, though it seems everything is all right in paradise for now.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Politics, but make it fashion.  Capitol Hill is usually one of the last places anyone would ever look to for fashion inspo, but Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez and her wardrobe just might change that. Ocasio-Cortes was spotted on the Hill today with four of the beloved Fab Five from Netflix's Queer Eye, who were there to help AOC push for the Equality Act and watched the passing of the Violence Against Women Act. Per usual, the guys looked great (okay, I see you in that spring-ready pleated skirt, JVN!), but it's AOC's #ootd that really caught my eye. Never been more proud @ocasio2018 @speakerpelosiA post shared by  Jonathan Van Ness (@jvn) on Apr 4, 2019 at 8:55am PDTHere's the look from a different angle.On Capitol Hill we wear pink 😉TY @jvn, @bobbyberk, @tanfrance & @antoni for visiting + helping us push for the #EqualityAct, & be there to watch Congress pass the Violence Against Women Act & War Powers Resolution to end U.S. involvement in Yemen.Justice happens together 💜 pic.twitter.com/5Whg5LgwMZThe politician was dressed a bright fuchsia suit, clearly a fashion-forward choice for someone working in the government. She's obviously not the first politician to rock a pantsuit on the job—Hillary Clinton pretty much invented them—but the bright pink color definitely stands out in a drab sea of black, blue, and gray. Tan suits also make an appearance in the Hill from time to time, but that's only if you're really trying to shake the table. Spending the day with this one ♥️♥️♥️ @ocasio2018A post shared by  Bobby Berk (@bobby) on Apr 4, 2019 at 9:17am PDTIt's kind of perfect for her. Ocasio-Cortez, like her suit, grabs our attention. She's bold, she's cool, she knows how to make a statement, and she's not bound to norms. Obviously, she would own a pink suit—it's a total power move! I'm sure Queer Eye's resident fashion expert Tan France would agree. Feeling the fuchsia? Here's how you can channel your inner AOC and make waves at your workplace. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			 They're too cool for us.You already know Chrissy Teigen and John Legend are one of the internet's favorite celebrity couples. They're supportive of each other's careers (in a super funny way), they cook delicious meals together (I stalk both their Insta Stories), and the pair are raising two adorable children together, Luna and Miles. To celebrate their family of four, Chrissy and John just did something super sweet. They got matching tattoos on their inner arms (!!). Chrissy's reads "John, Luna, Miles" and John's reads "Chrissy, Luna, Miles." The scripted font is so fine, you have to squint a little to make out the words, but you can tell Chrissy's excited about this permanent ink. She wrote a hilarious caption on her 'gram, saying, "Hey guys please don’t talk to us unless u have tattoos we are a cool tattoo family now and we only want to talk to other tattoo families (srry if this seems harsh)." Yeah, they're too cool for us. The two got their designs done by Hollywood tattoo artist Winter Stone, who has inked everyone from Sophie Turner and Demi Lovato to Lady Gaga (he was the one who drew the flower climbing up Lady Gaga’s spine).  hey guys please don’t talk to us unless u have tattoos we are a cool tattoo family now and we only want to talk to other tattoo families (srry if this seems harsh)  Thank you thank you @winterstone. You are not only incredibly talented but you are very kind and delightful and welcome over any time!!A post shared by  chrissy teigen (@chrissyteigen) on Apr 4, 2019 at 10:35am PDTAside from her matching tat with John, Chrissy even got a little heart inked on her finger. So, are the two #couplegoals or what?For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Free-spirited, bohemian vibes await you.Kate Hudson can add "clothing designer" to her resumé. The actress and entrepreneur has launched her first ever ready-to-wear line, Happy x Nature (pronounced as happy by nature), which reflects her free-spirited West Coast style. "It’s like if you write a script—you write what you know. So, I [worked with Michele Manz] to design this line for myself," Hudson tells me. "Authenticity is so important to me because I’m not going to stand behind something if I myself won’t wear it." The eco-friendly fashion line is filled with effortless summer pieces, from an off-the-shoulder polka dot dress to a floral jumpsuit to this top and skirt situation, which Hudson tells me is perfect for Coachella (or whatever summer music festival you're off to). It's clear that Hudson is proud and stoked about her line as she moves through the racks, touching the pieces while telling me about the brand's mission towards sustainability. "This top is made from recycled water bottles," she says, picking up the sleeve of a garment (pictured to the left). "Did they tell you how that happens?" I shake my head. Hudson explains that recycled plastic bottles were crushed and then turned into a fiber that became this top, as well as the jeans. She adds that Happy x Nature doesn't ship with plastic, and the brand's packaging is all bio-degradable (in 12-18 months)—even its tags are made from natural fibers. Despite being eco-friendly, the brand's prices remain at an affordable $48 to $148 range. This commitment to sustainability even ended up in the brand's name, which Hudson's partner Danny Fujikawa helped her come up with. "I like happy, that word makes you feel good, but I wanted it to be about what the product was," Hudson says. "I always knew we would lean towards a sustainable line and use things that were eco-friendly, so nature had to be a part of it too. So Danny just said 'happy by nature. That’s what people think you are.' Though, I don’t think anyone is happy by nature. I think it’s something we all work at, but I think we all want to make nature happy."With that, Hudson leads me to a sunshine-yellow dress which, to me, screams summer vibes and happiness. Hudson tells me that it's named after her mom Goldie (Hawn), who wanted an easy dress to wear on vacation. "We like to call this entire collection statement casual because we want the clothes to feel like everyday wear, but still catch other people's eyes," she says. (The strapless dress and the utilitarian denim pieces definitely caught my eyes.)For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's tote-ally changed my life.In our biweekly series, editors share "the item they wear to death," whether it be a basic white tee or a super-trendy jumpsuit. Prepare yourself (and your credit card) for some guilt-free shopping.I’m a lover of all things fashion, but my achilles' heel is, by far, purses. Walking into any designer handbag store will surely leave me walking out with a significantly reduced bank balance. There’s nothing like the aroma of crisp leather and the feeling of silk lining against my fingers to make me whip out my credit card. After all, the perfect bag (or, bags) is much more than just a means of carrying things. It represents something deeply private and intimate to its owner. My current bag collection includes more than 50 purses, from crossbody styles and satchels to shoulder and bucket bags (don't judge). I’ve always been one of those people who switches out her purse every night, depending on my outfit and very capricious mood. That is, until I moved to New York City. While I was able to wear whatever purse my heart desired in the Illinois suburbs, I found it harder to do so with NYC's daily grind.  It’s a concrete jungle out here and a practical but cute purse is part of your survival kit. Function and efficiency truly trumps all, so with this lesson learned, I set out on a quest to find the perfect tote bag.  Enter: the Marc Jacobs t-pocket grind tote. I spotted it in Saks one fateful Saturday and instantly fell in love with the bag's simplicity. My busy work schedule has me constantly running around the city and this tote can hold ALL my survival items. I stuff it with snacks, makeup for touch ups, a book for the commute, and more. The interior is separated into two compartments for more organization (I’ll take as much help Marie Kondo-ing my purse as I can get). It even has a third zippered section for personal items and a functional front pocket for things you need quick access to. I also found that it fits my laptop to a T (pun intended), making it the perfect carryall for work trips. Perhaps most importantly, the straps settle onto my shoulder in the most comfortable way, without sliding down my arm like a lot of awkwardly-sized handles tend to do. That part makes my boyfriend, who is sometimes asked to carry my bag for me during long outings (sorry, Nick), very pleased. I usually get paranoid about the wear and tear on my purses, but I actually love the way this leather gets more worn-in over time. The fact that it’s pebbled leather and not nubuck or PVC means the material is more flexible and forgiving with creases. Plus, the lock-and-key chain accents and dark cherry-colored interior give the otherwise all-black tote such a gorgeous aesthetic.Thanks to this gem, I'm now a staunch believer that every woman needs a tote she can trust. And not just any ol' bag to haul stuff in, but one that's also polished and professional. This doesn’t mean that I won’t return to my smaller purses on days when I plan to pack lighter, but it’s nice having a go-to bag that feels like an extension of me. If you lug a laptop around, or just need a companion to beat the daily grind (and want to look super sleek while doing so), this might be the perfect bag for you too.For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			These aren't your basic pumps.Unless you work in a really laid-back office environment, your work shoes still need to be somewhat appropriate. Sure, maybe you aren't restricted to the same pair of boring black pumps every day,  but chances are you could be pushing the style envelope a little bit further. Click through to shop ready-for-work options that'll add some energy to your 9-to-5.A pointed toe and respectable heel, sure. But add in an azure hue and a wide band of see-through PVC and you're punching into a new style league. Summer's classic ropey soles are more polished—and ready for work—when done with some height and pretty ankle straps.The shape itself isn't unique to the boardroom, but the high-shine finish and rugged tread are. This personality-packed pair can be styled in the same way as its more basic cousin. If your happy place involves a classic high heel, don't fix what isn't broken. Instead, switch it up this summer by doing the shape in a classic crayon color.An unexpected color makes any shoe instantly feel more out-of-the-box. Blue accessories are having a major moment per Macy's The Edit: Get in on the trend with this denim-esque wedge.Bring the slip-on that's part preppy, part low-key into the office. Make the shape even more summer-ready in a straw-like material and fruit punch stripes. The magical thing about leopard is that it's flirty, yet a print your grandmother would happily wear. Add a spotted touch for a bit of flair (great if your work wardrobe tends to stick to a rotation of black pieces).		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's straight out of the Bieber playbook.  After partying in Miami with the Jonas brothers and Priyanka Chopa, Sophie Turner flew to New York City for a round of press interviews. On April 2, the Game of Thrones actress met up with fellow costar Maisie Williams to film Good Morning America while wearing a leather buttoned-up top and a pair of belted high-waist flare trousers. Turner looked polished and glamorous for the TV appearance, but like all of us, didn't plan to stay in that going-out look all day long.The actress was spotted leaving (what's likely) her hotel in midtown that same day in a completely different, more casual outfit. Turner wore an Erewhon forest green hoodie and sweatpants set. This look was definitely more of your "I plan to stay home and watch Netflix all day" situation. However, the star of the show wasn't her relaxed separates, it was her house slippers. Yup, you read that right. Turner stepped out in a pair of fuzzy mink loafers from Louis Vuitton. The $2,000 house slipper is made of navy mink fur and had the LV initials splashed on it in pink letters. They looked super soft and cozy, so we don't blame Turner for wearing them in public. In fact, it was a very Justin Bieber move. The singer's known for walking around in house slippers and even owns a fuzzy brown pair from Louis Vuitton. Evidence, below.Turner it seemed wore the house slippers from her hotel to the car out of sheer comfort because if you look closely, the woman next to her is carrying a pair of heels, which was probably the star's alternate shoe choice for wherever she was going. I like the LV fuzzy slippers better, though. If you're into them too, invest in a pair below. A little out of your price range? Here are more affordable alternatives should you decide to pull a Turner-Bieber and take a walk to the grocery store in house slippers.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Katie Holmes is really on a roll: Yesterday, she attended CinemaCon in Las Vegas in yet another sexy, glamorous outfit, just weeks after she stunned on Instagram in a gorgeous leather skirt. This time, it was even sexier, with a semi-transparent top with a visible, bright pink bra underneath. I love this new fashion energy, Katie!   The floral Ulla Johnson "Tegan" skirt and top are by the same brand (and better yet, the skirt isn't sold out!). Katie styled her look in the exact same way as the model on the website. The pink in the bra contrasts with the red of the skirt, and Katie matched her lipstick to her bra like the TOTAL PRO that she is. Considering that Katie wore the brand last week, too, it sounds like it's quickly becoming a favorite of hers. While she was there, Katie spoke about her new movie, Brahms: The Boy II (sequel to The Boy). She explained that the film scared the crap out of her: "This was pretty terrifying to make when we were working with the doll, it was a lot. I was scared." She added, "I felt like this was a story about a mother and her child and this evil presence that’s influencing her child, and how that’s a universal fear for every parent." Katie is mom to Suri Cruise, and the pair live in New York, where boyfriend Jamie Foxx makes regular appearances.    Here's a look at the full outfit: And here are her recent outfits:  @ullajohnsonA post shared by  Katie Holmes (@katieholmes212) on Mar 31, 2019 at 7:27am PDT @zeyneparcay @dorotheeschumacher ❤️ styled by @jeanneyangstyleA post shared by  Katie Holmes (@katieholmes212) on Mar 14, 2019 at 3:36pm PDTThe chances are good that Katie will continue to promote the movie, so we'll see more fun, sultry looks from her!  For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			These boots are made for walkin' (and Instagrammin'). Transitional weather is upon us and my feelings are complicated. Warmer temperatures provide me the pleasantry of having my hands and ankles exposed again, but on the flip side, it means I'm at war with my wardrobe. When my iPhone weather app reads "mid 60s" and "low 70s," I know that's code for "Pleasant—but what the heck do I wear?" There is a silver lining here though, everyone. As a lover of shoes,  I was delighted to discover the quickest solution for mastering the winter-to-spring transitional outfit: spring boots. With all the sophisticated prairie styles this season and the ever-chic elevation of a white bootie, a new pair of boots for spring gives a quick update to any ol' outfit. I set out to find five pairs for spring 2019, but came back with 16. (What can I say? I love shoes.) Ahead, a round-up of all the best styles for every budget. Few things compare to the fashion high of finding a pair of shoes that look five times more expensive than they actually are. Here, a pair of metallic, square-toed western booties for when your outfits need a sleek, futuristic edge.The geometric heel trend is in full force for spring. For a pop of color on Easter weekend and beyond, slip into these affordable ($64!) yellow suede booties. They'll look great with your favorite black dress and a denim jacket for that effortless "yeah, I just threw this on" vibe.The western silhouette trend is very much the rave right now and  I'm here for it. For those looking for a failsafe pair, Mango's pointed-toed western Chelsea boot hits the calf at precisely at the most flattering spot. They work with, literally, every springtime outfit, too.  Per the Instagram feeds of Eva Chen and Gigi Hadid, slouchy boots are having a big moment right now. Here, a neutral option for those looking to lean into the trend. Pair them with a sundress or tucked in jeans. Let your exposed ankles take a walk on the wild side. Ideal for transitional temperatures, what with their winter-y pattern but spring-y cut, these leopard print, chunky heeled booties will add animalistic flare to all minimalist ensembles.For the forever wild child, these cream-colored boots feature a squared-toe shape with a tie-dye marble heel. Wear these to an art gallery opening or when you're exploring a new city for a truly chic adventure.Add something clean and minimal to balance out this season's animal print and logo-mania trends. Nimble and versatile, these two-inch boots from & Other Stories have a neutral palette and modern feel that looks good with a floral dress. Disguised as an every day patent-leather black bootie, this pair is actually 100 percent waterproof. The April showers might cause your hair to frizz and all (we have some tips for that), but at least your style can't be dampened. The next time you're caught in the rain, make it fashion with these shoes.This loafer-meets-boot creation is the ultimate office-appropriate shoe. It stops right at the ankles and the closed-toe design is sleek and unique with a badass kind of feel. Style them with your favorite power suit or ripped jeans and a leather jacket for casual Fridays.  I'm a big believer of staying in my lane when it comes to writing about fashion, so I'll admit that lace-up boots have never been my forte. That being said, this lavender patent leather boot from the Dr. Martens x Marc Jacobs collaboration is so delightfully refreshing that even I'm rethinking my stance on combat boots. And I must be in good company because this style is quickly selling out everywhere. These sleek kitten heels feature green earthy hues, and if New York Fashion Week was any indication, you'll see this palette a lot come fall 2019. Be ahead of the trend and start wearing them now with crop jeans and linen jumpsuits. I spent two years hunting down the perfect pair of white boots—and finally found it from the recently launched label Labucq. (And I love them with the enthusiasm of 50 exclamation points.) The slanted heel coupled with a crocodile-embossed pointed toe mean these ankle boots can be dressed up or down and paired with just about anything.   Who said that crisp leafy hues are only for fall? Pair these pumpkin-spice-colored crinkled leather boots with white jeans or a skirt for an effortlessly chic, retro-inspired spring look.Lean into springtime pastels with these playful patent leather boots. Shiny yet sleek, this outfit-making style consistently sells out on Dear Frances' website, so make a beeline to purchase them while they're still in stock.Hitting just below the knee, Ganni's Nadine boots are wild in the most sophisticated way. Featuring white leather paneling and off-white crocodile-effect leather, the neutral color combination will ground all of your printed and flowing dresses. For the ultimate head-turning look, pair these with your favorite mini dress. So mod.Not for the faint of heart (nor the faint of funds), Iro's goatskin suede boot sandals reign supreme in the new, boundary-pushing spring open-toed boots category. Surprisingly flattering with all dress lengths and brilliant when styled with vintage jeans, this is a look for the fearless. Julia Roberts and Bella Hadid have been seen rocking the trend. •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter. SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			These skirts are just as versatile, and perfect for warm weather.Like skinny jeans, denim skirts will never go out of style. For that, we're thankful. Sure the micro minis of the early 2000's are practically non-existent now, but they've been replaced by longer, even asymmetrical, hemlines as midi-length skirts have gained a new found wave of appreciation amongst the fashion crowd. When you find a good denim skirt, whether it be true blue or a daring white, you can count on wearing it for seasons to come. They can be styled with tucked-in sweaters, hoodies, a crop top, or even a denim jacket for that stylish denim-on-denim look. For the best skirts this season has to offer, read ahead to shop. Then, see how we would style them depending on our mood. You just may end up buying that crisp-white summer mule, too. A pain point: The tucking and untucking of your top into a denim skirt (or any bottoms, really). Solve this instantly with a bodysuit like this one, which looks like a fancy puff-shoulder shirt. As for the skirt, this denim piece comes with side slits, so your legs can get some summer sunshine. Style with trendy accessories like a geometric mule and beaded bag for an off-the-moment 2019 look.Shop the pieces: 1. Something Navy top, $65; 2. Quay sunglasses, $55; 3. Topshop midi skirt, $68; 4. Zara beaded bag, $50; 5. Gray Matters slide sandals, $650What's one way to wear your tie-dye tee without throwing it back to your outfits from summer camp? Tuck it into a white denim skirt. This effortless outfit states, "I'm put together, but I also love to have fun." If you want to keep the center of attention on your tee and skirt, wear neutral accessories so they complement, not overpower, your ensemble. Who says you can't look like an adult but still be playful?Shop the pieces: 1. Re/Done tie-dye tee, $130; 2. Goldsign white midi skirt, $250; 3. Nasty Gal clear bag, $18; 4. Mango leather mules, $60 This outfit has all the trends, from a logo shirt to the '90s-inspired dad sneakers. Your denim skirt is, obviously, the main attraction here and it's different than plainer options with extra details like a frayed hemline, trailing buttons, pockets (!), and a built-in belt to highlight your waistline. Be thankful for that middle slit in the skirt, so you don't feel trapped in the material as you walk. Shop the pieces: 1. Proenza Schouler sleeve tee, $195; 2. Zara belted skirt, $40; 3. Topshop bamboo bag, $45; 4. Ash chunky sneakers, $255Leopard print is fierce but wearable. If you agree, you'll have no problem wearing this coordinating denim set. The top and bottom are a little wilder than your basic blue pieces, so offset the design with a cream-colored bodysuit and black sandals. Let the print speak for itself and keep everything else simple. This is the one denim-on-denim look that won't give you Justin and Britney vibes circa 2001.Shop the pieces: 1. Mango leopard denim jacket, $80; 2. Mango denim miniskirt, $50; 3. Missoma earrings, $115; 4. H&M bodysuit, $30; 5. Alexander Wang leather belt bag, $650; 6. M.Gemi sandals, $178Like blue, a black denim midi skirt is worth investing in because you can wear it season after season. When debating how to style it, imagine what you'd wear with your black skinny jeans. (I vote for boots!) This skirt's slit is strategically placed to show some leg/your transitional spring bootie and looks good with any kind of top. A plissé pleated beige tank works for any occasion if you want to be dressy but not overly showy.Shop the pieces: 1. & Other Stories top, $49; 2. BP circle resin earrings, $25; 3. Raey denim skirt, $157; 4. Sam Edelman clutch, $128; 5. IRO boots, $277•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			As the old proverb goes, if you need to find something amazing, just ask an editor. The Marie Claire team is used to seeing the newest and the best and are more or less professionally trained on what makes something stand out from the pack, style-wise. As such, we polled the office to find out which types of shoes always reel in the compliments.There's a reason multiple people on the team said their out-there sneakers always get people talking. Comfortable to wear, this animal print mix definitely doesn't belong at the gym.The more classic dressers in our office don't shy away from shapes they know they love, but do test out a unique material or finish if they want to stand out from the crowd.A just-right height—not impractically sky-high, but something to give you a lift—seems to be what lots of us want when shopping for a summer shoe (if commentary from strangers is to be believed).Marie Claire's fashion team likes to play with bold color choices when it comes to their shoes. The gumption pays off, with two different editors saying unexpected hues always brings in compliments.You've seen a hundred pairs of "dad sneakers" by now, right? Us too. That's why we've found sartorial success with a pair that's just a little different than the more standard all-white chunky look, but still works with a dress.Espadrilles are humble by nature, but soft leather and a designer brand can be worth spending a little more if you're after something that feels polished. Trust us—those little touches are things other women notice.Finding an ankle bootie that's not meant for autumn can be tricky—unless you're an editor. The amount of compliments we get when wearing ours in the warm months proves that it's a shape a lot of women want in their closet. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's all to support her older sister, Kourt.Need some ideas for how to dress when you head to the grocery store later? Wondering what to pop on to take your dog out for a stroll around the park? When jeans and a t-shirt just won’t cut it, you could try taking a leaf out of Kim Kardashian West’s style guide. She’s making a fresh case for the oh so naked, illusion bodysuit, and somehow leaves the whole thing looking like it's absolutely no big deal. Oh, this old thing?Taking to Instagram to share a casual OOTD with her 113million followers on the platform, KKW posed the house down in a daring, muted gold bodysuit, leaving approximately zero the imagination. The high neckline, drop cut arms, and high leg silhouette was completely fitted to her famous figure, and it’s up there as being one of her most naked-without-being-actually-naked looks ever.  POOSH.COM TOMORROWA post shared by  Kim Kardashian West (@kimkardashian) on Apr 1, 2019 at 5:29pm PDTIf you’re planning on wearing your metallic, naked swimsuit in homage today, then all you’ll need is a pair of clear heels to complete the undressed illusion, and a pair of orange tinted aviator glasses for good measure.By now, it’s all in a day’s work for Kim K to step out in an outfit that continues her family’s legendary legacy of naked dressing. Remember that sheer catsuit just a couple weeks ago, for example? Today’s fit is particularly special though, as it was actually worn to support her older sister, Kourtney Kardashian, in the launch of her mysterious new brand Poosh, coming Tuesday.  WeekendA post shared by  Kourtney Kardashian (@kourtneykardash) on Apr 1, 2019 at 11:00am PDTAlthough widely speculated to be a broad beauty and lifestyle brand , Kourt hasn’t given much away so far, with her Instagram page simply stating that Poosh "isn't a monologue. It's a dialogue.” All I know is that I’m pretty sure I can see Kim’s own poosh in that bodysuit.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Covering up never looked so good.The phrase "modest swimsuit" kinda has a negative rep, and I'm here to set the record straight. Modest doesn't mean ugly or that you have to completely cover up at the beach. Instead, modest swimsuits are simply toned-down versions of your string bikinis and one-pieces with over-the-top cutouts. Think: Swimsuits with sleeves, or more ruching in the midsection and back. These suits were made to help you look and feel your best. You can still look feminine, sexy, comfortable—all those good things—without feeling completely naked. Let me prove this to you with the best modest swimsuit pieces ahead.  This H&M swimsuit promises a sculpting effect on the tummy, back, and butt, thanks to its strategic wrap-over fit and ruched detailing. It's fully lined with lightly padded cups and boning for support. Adjust the straps to your desired fit, and get ready to hit the beach or pool feeling your best.  Every summer there's one swimsuit that stands out because of its design or material, and this season it's this denim one piece from Solid & Striped. You can wear this into the water, dry off, then turn this baby into a bodysuit with a pair of jean shorts for that denim-on-denim look. Add on these geometric earrings to complete your outfit. Long-sleeve swimsuits don't have to be bland and boring as Marysia Dobrzanska Reeves, the designer behind Marysia, proves. This gingham one piece comes in Fourth-of-July-inspired colors and a zipper that can expose as little or as much of your chest as you'd like. It's made from stretch-crepe for optimal movement and comfort, which is important if you like to stay active in the water or on the sand. In my book, navy is basically black in terms of being flattering and versatile. This buckled swimsuit is elegant and classic thanks to its streamlined shape and smooth Italian fabric, which is woven with stretch for flexibility. A small plunging neckline in the front creates that subtle sexy vibe without showing the girls off too much. Wear with a woven sunhat and espadrilles for that Insta-outfit. Tankinis have a history of looking matronly, but this one from Kona Sol is anything but. The floral top comes with removable straps and a sheer, flowing bodice that will flatter anyone's front and back sides. Meanwhile, the bandeau style keeps your boobs supported. Switch up the bottoms depending on your mood, from a high-waisted style to a slightly cheekier fit.This one-piece resembles a bodysuit and not a swimsuit, making it the perfect pool-to-lunch look. Short sleeves provide modest coverage without fully covering up your arms, if you want to show off your tattoos or jewelry. Additionally, a high-cut design on this one piece gives the illusion of longer legs.   For a floral swimsuit that seems out of the ordinary, opt for this feminine-meets-western vibes one piece. (The belt is detachable!) A bustier-style fit makes the suit feel sexy while the lack of cutouts and other showy designs keeps your body covered. And like some of the one pieces here, this one can easily be worn as a bodysuit too.For two pieces that are modest but still cute, look for more covered top styles and high-waisted bikini bottoms versus a thong fit. This seersucker set from Lisa Marie Fernandez passes the test because of it's romantic yet demure silhouette. Pair with a breezy white cover up.Owning a Johanna Ortiz swimsuit is like buying a piece of art. There's so much detail and intricacy involved in the creation of every item. This one-shoulder piece, in particular, has a cute ruffle shoulder design, an elaborate floral print, and a pistachio-colored background that makes everything pop. You can't help but feel fancy and one-of-a-kind in this swimsuit. The universally-flattering color black already has us sold and any extra details is the proverbial cherry on top. Ruffles take this piece from basic to eye-catching and this will be your season-less staple for years to come. This two-piece swimsuit is made from an Italian four-way stretch material that is anti-pill, anti-bacterial, chlorine resistant, and quick-drying. Basically, this swimsuit does it all. The sporty top still feels sexy with separate bottoms and, according to the description, is great for those with a longer torso (come to me). If you're not a fan of the high-waisted bottoms, switch out for the brand's Casey option. Mara Hoffman's one of those brands that's mastered the modest but still so feminine and cute look for all its swimsuits. Take this peachy gingham number with a waist tie and high-cut leg silhouette. You're covered in the midsection and back but still able to show some skin in all the right places. Top with this bucket hat, this season's It piece, and you're ready for photos. •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter. SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Powder is in this spring.Each season, the runway reveals a few key color trends to shake things up. The one we're most excited about for this spring and summer? Pastel. Sweet by nature, sure, but it's not to be toyed with, as the unusual shade makes a major impression.Below, we planned out three different outfits that show how pastel suiting can work for any vibe.Style with warm brown leather accessories and other subtle pops of color to complement, but not compete with, the sherbet shade. Shop nowStyled with: Michael Kors Bag, Gucci WatchPeach is soft enough that it will read like any neutral. As such, pair with the type of polished accessories you'd always reach for to impress at work.Shop nowStyled with: Nine West Flats, Tory Burch Watch, Michael Kors ToteGo all-in on the trend factor by bringing in other of-the-moment accessories. We love a chunky sneaker, non-dainty gold chain, and see-through tote.Shop nowStyled with: Guess Tote, Nike Sneakers, Gold Necklace		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Vacation outfit inspo at its finest.You might still be reaching for your warmest coat, and wondering if it’s acceptable to wear three pairs of socks along with your winter pajamas, but sooner or later summer WILL arrive (or so I’ve been told). Thankfully, Katie Holmes, queen of dressing down while still remaining perfectly chic, has delivered on the warmer weather wardrobe inspiration, and it’ll have you dreaming of blue skies and sunny climates as soon as you catch a glimpse.Holmes, who recently left fans second guessing her relationship with Jamie Foxx again, headed to a peaceful country retreat on Sunday, during which she shared a cosy photo of herself in knitwear, perusing a cookbook. Aside from whipping up some of her favorite recipes, the 40-year-old actress also found some time to inspire your first spring/summer look of the year. All in a day's work, huh? @ullajohnsonA post shared by  Katie Holmes (@katieholmes212) on Mar 31, 2019 at 7:27am PDTHer latest outfit photo featured a dreamy statement piece, covered in stripes of pastel shades and darker navy hues, with cute shoes sleeves and a tie waist. At first glance you might assume it’s a dress, but it’s actually a super fun jumpsuit from designer Ulla Johnson. The cotton seersucker all-in-one features a boat neckline and wide leg shape, and can be worn on or off shoulder for maximum summer vibes.The mother-of-one styled her jumpsuit with a pretty straw bag, strappy black heels and a simple pair of sunglasses, and you better believe I’m taking notes to recreate this whole look as soon as the sun reappears. The perfect summer jumpsuit is still available, if you're interested.While the notoriously private star didn’t give much away about her country weekend (other than her cookbook of choice—Mina Stone’s Cooking For Artists), it’s possible that Holmes could have slipped away with longterm rumored boyfriend Foxx. Daily Mail spotted the couple walking casually down the street in Katie's home of New York just last week, where they visited Central Park and the Metropolitan Museum of Art together. #countryweekend #cooking 💕A post shared by  Katie Holmes (@katieholmes212) on Mar 30, 2019 at 4:17pm PDT Thank you @mastergia for the wine 🍷A post shared by  Katie Holmes (@katieholmes212) on Mar 30, 2019 at 4:26pm PDTFor more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Relive the boy-band ’90s with grown-up versions of distressed denim.Denim: one of the few fabrics that is truly appropriate year-round. But that doesn't mean that all denim works for every season. Come spring and summer it's time to shed those dark indigo flares for something a little lighter. Like so much else in our culture at present, the '90s are providing ultimate inspiration, with bleached denim making the ultimate comeback. Here, Jessica Azoulai, president and CEO of Denim Therapy, shares how to wear the trend in a modern way and we share the items we can't wait to buy. Marie Claire: Why is bleached denim making a comeback?Jessica Azoulai: It seems like people are getting nostalgic and want to go back to the good old days by feeling comfortable in their old jeans. MC: How can people take care of their bleached denim? JA: It needs to be washed as little as possible, but if jeans do need a wash, make sure to turn them inside out, set your washing machine to the gentle or delicate cycle, and use cold water only. MC: What’s the most popular way to bleach denim right now? JA: The bleached trend comes in all shapes and sizes: tie-dyed, full bleached, patterns, ombré, etc. Even shoes are being bleached! MC: Is there a sustainable way to bleach? JA: A lot of companies now use either laser or ozone processing to bleach their garments. With these techniques, chemical-product and, especially, water consumption are largely reduced.•••A version of this story appeared in the March 2019 issue of Marie Claire. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Spring pieces that are majorly versatile.The very best wardrobe is one stocked with pieces that you can pull  out, pull on, and, within minutes, be ready to walk out the door. True for everyone, but especially vital for those with limited closet space. The key is to find pieces versatile enough that they can be worn with multiple items without feeling boring—because sometimes, that one thing you need is buried deep, deep in the laundry bin. And since separating your closet into “work” and “play” is an outdated way to approach style, each item should work for both. Here, three of spring's most clutch buys and two ways to style them.Pretty floral prints play just as nicely on a Monday as they do on a Saturday. Inject some energy into your work wardrobe by mixing in a colorful blouse; wear it with a pencil skirt or trousers, and keep everything else professional-polished.Dress it down for the weekend by pairing with jeans (we love white for the warmer months). If you're tired of your basic leather sandal, look for something like a rhinestone buckle to jazz it up; then, counterbalance the bold shirt with a simple tote.A forever office staple, the blazer's newest iteration is done in colors other than yawn-inducing black or navy. We love powdery pastels for spring (and Macy’s The Edit agrees). When styling for the office, keep it from feeling fantastical by pairing with neutrals.When you’re off-duty, pair the blazer with laidback items to dress it down. We love the idea of wearing with a floral dress and flat leather sandals. A crossbody bag is the ideal accessory for a day of errands or shopping.Colorblock styles are the easiest way to add some pigment in a more conservative office environment. Make it work by letting the pop of color be the only bright spot amongst other darks. We love the modern look of wearing the above style with wide-leg pants and flats.Conversely, wearing colorblock on the weekend should be all about turning up the shade volume. Doubling down on the main color works, but we also love the shock of adding a new hue. Sneakers are a cool-girl finish, and a crossbody works no matter what the day holds.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Get your summer style off on the right foot.The no-time off stretch between winter holidays and Memorial Day Weekend can be excruciating. If you haven't had any vacations in between, breathe a sigh of relief that a three-day weekend is (almost) within reach. Whether you already have a trip booked (I'll see y'all in Mexico City) or plan to stay at home doing absolutely nothing (that's fine too), MDW is a time for relaxation and self-care. For those who will be out and about, it's important to get your summer style off on the right foot. One foolproof way to do so is by looking to celebs who 1) Are on the cutting edge of all the trends, yet, 2) still often look to the classics. (Denim never goes out of style.) Here, find the 39 stars inspiring our long weekend looks.The not-too-hot, not-too-cold weather in May means you can wear a chiffon floral dress with sleeves and not succumb to a heat stroke. Instead of your usual sandals, swap for a pair of transitional ankle booties. Turn your Memorial Day denim jumpsuit in an office-appropriate outfit the next day by throwing on a blazer and pair of heels. The outfit suddenly goes from casual to polished. Going for neutrals or nautical stripes? Add an unexpected element via your footwear with bright colored sandals or heels. We love Gabrielle Union's outfit because it can take her from breakfast to dinner and everywhere else in between. Transitional jackets like denim or leather are obvious choices for May. Take a page from Sophia Bush's book and wear your leather jacket with a striped shirt and cropped jeans instead of your usual t-shirt and skinny jeans combo. Loafers add that polished vibe. Memorial Day Weekend is all about comfort, so if you plan to live in sweats or track pants all weekend, we completely understand. For cases when you do leave your apartment (to get coffee), cover up with a long beige coat. A simple necklace and pair of white kicks says "I tried." When the weather's nice and you want to show off your midriff, a crop top is the best option. To avoid baring it all though, opt for high-waisted pants like a cool pair of camo bottoms and an oversized fleece jacket JIC it's still chilly. After spending two days on your couch with Netflix, you're ready to rejoin the world a.k.a. your SO or friends for a day out. Stay comfortable with jeans and a plain top, but elevate your basics with pumps and a blazer. A floral-embellished bag adds necessary springtime vibes to your ensemble.  Planning to spend your day off outdoors? Remember to cover up with SPF and a cute little sun hat like Reese Witherspoon's. She even went the extra mile to accessorize with a trendy woven bag so her floral shirtdress and white sneakers looked street-style ready. The type of outfit you see and think "damn, this is effortless." So long as you have a white button-down (a boxy, oversize one works best) and a pair of non-skinny jeans, you can definitely master this look. Remember to cuff your bottoms to show off your ankles and shoes.A loose-fitting shirtdress that's more caftan than business-casual is one way to feel like you're at the beach instead of in the middle of a concrete jungle. A slouchy sweater worn off the shoulder with a floral maxi skirt is equal parts chic and pajama-level comfy.A flowy romper or shirt-dress is peak effortless summer dressing. Okay, *another* Elle Fanning look for the books: a breezy bandeau and a high-waisted tennis skirt when it's too toasty to imagine wearing sleeves.  A cropped tee and high-waisted jeans plus the classic white sneaker is ideal for a low-key get-up. A classic navy sheath, comfy sandals, and a red lip are the key to nailing your holiday style: it's comfortable and still pulled together. If it's a piping-hot day, look to a silky slip dress (worn with sneakers, for extra cool points) and a head scarf—you know, to keep frizz at bay.White high tops + crochet lace + a bikini = summer beach vibes x 1000. Play with cool pastels and bright accessories (and let's not forget the red lip) all in one look when you're already over the color white. A denim romper is the freshest take on all-American denim. Plus, cut-outs can be an ultra-cool detail that helps ventilation. (Double duty just got so real.)One of the coolest teens around schools us on the art of wearing double-denim without it looking like a straight-up Canadian tuxedo. The key? High-waisted denim and a summery halter paired with chic lace-ups. An off-the-shoulder top plus a midi skirt is the ideal getup when you're planning to be in close proximity of a boat/incredible yacht. If you're heading to a fussier Memorial Day party, throw on a dressy shirt-dress and heels that you don't mind getting stuck in the grass. If you're of the "more is more" mentality, do as Rita Ora does and wear a graphic tee with an equally bright midi skirt. If you'll be at the beach, keep cool and cover up by throwing a print maxi skirt over your swimsuit.A printed maxi dress is always a breezy, tried-and-true classic that you can dress up with a trendy pair of shades and a structured tote.The best way to wear stripes, yes or yes? A chambray skirt can be as versatile as your favorite pair of jeans, especially when paired with a bohemian crop top.Take notes from Lively who sticks to a neutral color palette for her print sundress and tennis shoes,. Then, add a pop of color with a tangy orange purse.Consider toughening up a flirty romper with boyish accessories, like Delevingne's mod cap and high-top sneakers.Off-the-shoulder tops and dresses like Fanning's chambray number are of-the-moment. Not to mention, they balance perfectly with a cute sun hat.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Also known as: How to score the bag of your dreams.Vintage shopping is the key to scoring one-of-a-kind items, often designer, at an affordable price point. But for those who don't live in vintage meccas like New York City, Los Angeles, or Paris, it can be slim pickings.  Luckily, fashion lovers have become savvy enough to trade and/or buy vintage goods online. Yes, you have sites like eBay and TheRealReal, but there are so many more online e-commerce retailers that offer gorgeous second-hand bags, shoes, jewelry, and so on. These are the best of the best. Scoring that covetable Chanel bag has never been easier. I love ASOS for its speedy shipping and affordable price points for both women and men. But, did you know the website also has a killer vintage and second-hand section? Think hand-painted denim jackets, cozy varsity hoodies, and cool graphic tees. The site has a team of experts to recommend seasonal trend edits for vintage buys or you can go rouge and discover ASOS' niche boutiques from around the world. Let the marketplace be your first stop shop for everything, from a pair of vintage Levi's to the coziest dad sweaters.This New York City-based shop was a pioneer for online vintage shopping when it launched in 2014. If you're in the area, check out its brick-and-mortar location in Brooklyn. If not, no worries. Shop "The Catalogs," its Instagram-only shop where you can have your items shipped for a flat rate or picked up in-store. The Break's online shop specializes in higher-end and contemporary vintage pieces, so keep your eyes peeled for unique Anne Klein separates or a classic pair of Manolo Blahniks. Pro tip: Check the company's website and Instagram pages regularly for its amazing flash sales.I can't talk about online vintage shopping without mentioning Etsy. The California-based site is famous for its massive selection of mom-and-pop shops and indie brands. You'll find everything here from handmade engagement rings to a cute food bowl for your dog. Back to fashion though, one of my favorite Etsy-based shops is Persephone Vintage for classic designer relics. I especially love its selection of statement earrings and costume jewelry. Don’t believe me? Read one of the 3,000 positive reviews. It should go without saying that the pieces here sell like hotcakes, so if you see something you like, buy it. What Goes Around Comes Around has made a name for itself as the destination for the best rare vintage finds. It first opened in 1993 in NYC (with other locations in Los Angeles, Miami, and East Hampton) and has become the go-to spot for celebrities like Kendall Jenner and Kim Kardashian. Come here first if you’re looking to invest in a classic bag or piece of jewelry for less than its retail price. The selections for accessories are top notch, so don’t blame me if you finally end up treating yourself to that dream bag. Can't make it to one of WGACA locations? Check out its website for goodies. If you’ve ever been to London, you’ve probably heard of this iconic shop. For us non-Londoners, shop its online offerings of over 200 pairs of vintage jeans or outerwear. It’s no secret that vintage shopping is one of the most eco-friendly ways to buy new clothes and Beyond Retro has made a name for itself as one of the most sustainable vintage options over the past decade. My shopping tip: browse by era to find the best picks from every decade, from '80s-inspired brights to mod '60s-style minidresses. Place your order and you’ll be dressing like Alexa Chung in no time. If you’re ever in town, be sure to stop by the original East London location. You can think of  Elia Vintage as your friend with the amazing closet you can always borrow from. The shop's founder and LA-based resident, Amber Glaspie, wanted to create a vintage shop that exemplified her personal style: a mix of Los Angeles style staples like silk slip dresses and brighter statement pieces. Her shop is an eclectic mix of easy silhouettes from the '70s and '90s, as well as some antique jewelry from the '30s. Her Instagram aesthetic is also very dreamy, so follow her for outfit inspo after you've bought something from her website.  If you're ever interested in consigning some of your less-loved luxury purchases, The RealReal is the site for you. (The more you make from selling, the higher the commission you make.) Born out of founder Julie Wainwright’s kitchen, The RealReal has become one of the largest consignment businesses in the world, with brick-and-mortar locations in Los Angeles and New York City in addition to its online shop. Every second-hand item on the site is authenticated by a team of experts to ensure that you’re getting what you’re paying for and the quality of the pieces are almost in new to pristine conditions. What I love about the consignment site is that The RealReal sends a portion of the sale to the person who listed the item, so you’re buying something for yourself and helping someone else. The Portland, Oregon-based retailer has one of the biggest selections of vintage shoes I’ve found so far, from Stuart Weitzman mules to Jil Sander booties. Its range of designer handbags is to die for too. (Prada bags for under $300? Yes, please!) As for I AM THAT's clothing selection, think feminine basics that come in a range of hues from neutrals to bright orange and pinks. To top it all off, the website even sells organic beauty products from Wildcare, an indie beauty brand created and housed in Oregon. I AM THAT is your destination for cool-girl essentials to keep you on trend and on-budget. Founded in 2009 by twins Morgan and Samantha Elias, The Vintage Twin has become one of New York’s most popular second-hand destinations. The sisters founded the brand after their friends repeatedly asked about their one-of-a-kind, reworked, clothes. The Vintage Twin is best known for its collection of perfectly worn-in band tees, varsity sweatshirts, and sports jackets. Each item is completely unique thanks to an in-house design team that takes already-made items and redesigns it for the Vintage Twin customer. Even though there's only one of every item made, customers can request similar looks to those that have already been sold. Even better, 10 percent of every purchase is donated to charities like Autism Speaks and The Make A Wish Foundation. Shopping with a cause? Sign me up. Sure there's a certain pang of guilt you feel when an expensive purchase goes unworn, but what's even worse is when you pass on a purchase, only to never find it again when you’re ready to buy. Luckily, Vestiare Collective is here to help. Founded in 2009, Vestiare Collective allows community members to ask questions about where to find rare pieces and negotiate pricing on each item sold. What once began as a site that guarantees the authenticity of luxury bags in Paris has now bloomed into a global business with sellers in 48 countries and over 3,000 items uploaded daily to the site. Finding your dream designer bag is literally a click away. If you’ve ever thought of getting rid of that Madewell dress in your closet, you’ve probably used Poshmark. While most people use the app as an easy way to get rid of their every day clothes, the vintage section of the site is surprisingly incredible. Sellers have listed everything from vintage jewelry to hand-knit crochet sweaters. You can shop vintage on Poshmark in one of two ways: Thr0ugh its vintage tag or follow specific sellers whose collections you admire. With over 2 billion users worldwide, and almost 25 billion items uploaded per day, you can get lost in the seemingly endless pages of items for sale. The app also hosts Posh Parties where sellers with similar items or themes come together to make selling items easier. Most Posh Parties feature discounts on previously listed items, and this happens almost every day. How ThredUp works: It lists specific items it's looking for and users send in their own items that match the site’s description. Once the sent-in items are accepted for re-sale, ThredUp pays the sender in the form of cash or store credit. The company has also teamed up with one of my favorite sustainable brands, Reformation, to give shoppers a discount for donating old items. To promote sustainable shopping, ThredUP also launched its own brand, ReMade, in 2018 to incentivize shoppers to resell their items on the site. (If you purchase one of the items in the line and then choose to resell your item on ThredUp, you’re guaranteed to earn 40 percent of the original value.) •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter. SUBSCRIBE HERE 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Is there an outfit they don't work with?Like a good breezy dress or comfortable sandals, a good pair of denim shorts are essential for summer. For most of us, they're the piece you throw on without much thought on the weekends or after work. But not all denim shorts are created equal—some come in itty-bitty lengths, others hit mid-thigh. You have your low risers and your high-waisted styles (my personal favorite). And if you're looking for grown-up alternatives to the booty-baring denim bottoms of your teen years, you've come to the right place. The 12 pairs ahead are made for women that appreciate fit and comfort without sacrificing style.Everyone should have a basic pair of blue denim shorts they can throw on at a moment's notice. It's that effortless, lived-in quality that makes your favorite pair a staple, summer after summer. If you don't have one yet or are looking for a new pair, grab this Madewell option. The high-rise style contains stretch and subtle distressing. Wear as is, or cuff the raw hem to show a little more leg. Levi's is the OG denim brand in fashion and has a variety of vintage-like styles. I love this $80 pair because of the faded wash and red side strips with the brand's logo. Frayed edges give these shorts a I-found-these-at-a-thrift-store vibe.You won't feel guilty buying yet another pair of jeans from ÉTICA, because it's an eco-friendly and sustainable denim brand. The company uses naturally derived dyes and softeners on their denim, the tags are printed with soy-based ink on 100 percent recycled paper, and its labels are woven from 100 percent recycled material. Plus, they'll ship you these cool two-toned jeans in plant-derived biodegradable poly bags. SOLD. If you're looking for denim shorts in an unconventional design, here's a scalloped pair from SEA. It has a loose fit around the legs, but a high-rise elasticated waist to emphasize the narrowest part of the body. Tuck in a white bodysuit or leopard print silk cami to show off the paperbag-waist design.The hunt for a pair of white denim shorts is like buying a pair of white jeans: difficult. But, Topshop may have solved all of our struggles with these crisp white shorts. They're neither too long nor short and sit slightly higher on the waist. Wear them with a simple tank for day and a sexier bodysuit for night. Sorry if you're tired of me raving about this pair of AGOLDE denim shorts, but I just love them. The light wash and purposeful distressing gives it that lived-in feel I'm looking for without the stressful experience of thumbing through all the racks at Goodwill. Show off that high-waisted fit with a tucked in t-shirt or crop top. I loved my black booty shorts when I was 15, but now I try not to wear anything that might reveal a giant slab of my butt cheek. As an alternative to my black shorts of yesterday, I'll choose these simple Amapô bottoms. It'll be the base for my more extravagant tops and accessories. This pair of Treasure & Bond shorts are the perfect length. They're stylish enough for that twenty-something woman who wants cool details like rips and peek-a-boo pockets, but modest enough for moms on the go. Dress it up with an espadrille or down with flat braided sandals.For anyone seeking a pair of cute biker-style denim shorts, H&M offers one that's a bang for your buck. This pair is only $30 and comes with already distressed details that will look even more destroyed and worn-in over time. Did I mention these bottoms also have stretch? Buying them. I know these jeans look like they were ran over with a car (a few times over), but the marks are what makes it unique. Instead of the symmetrical stripes seen on most bottoms, this skid mark pair has an artsier vibe. Reviews for this affordable pair of denim shorts range from "nice colors, great material, and comfortable" to "the curved cut of these on the legs is really nice and flatters the thigh." The bottoms come in five different colors, ensuring you'll find at least one you will love. A tip: size up in these shorts as they reportedly run small.For denim shorts that say "fashun" at first glance, I recommend getting a deconstructed pair from R13. The misaligned buttons and baggy style give it a less-than-perfect look, which makes it look edgier and cooler than any bottoms in my drawer. Though the price is steep for jean shorts, fashion fashun girls won't care.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Cute dresses, tops, and skirts await. Reformation's style categories have expanded over the past years, going from a sustainable clothing brand that offers just cute dresses and tops to one that also offers jeans, swimsuits, petite-size clothing, and children's clothes. Last year in March, the company even, finally, released a plus size collection with model Ali Tate Cutler in sizes 0 to 22 and XS to 3X. However, the dresses, tops, and two-piece sets were only part of a capsule collection and once sold out, disappeared from the website. For those who were utterly bummed by this, not to worry, Reformation came back with even better news. Today, the beloved brand announced a permanent size-inclusive collection (!!!). What you can expect from this line: 18 of Reformation’s best-selling styles, including tops, bodysuits, skirts, and dresses (with new things added monthly) starting at $48. The size range is 1X to 3X and 14 to 24. The pieces are currently available to shop on Reformation and will also be on Nordstrom March 29. Since Ref's extended sizing collection isn't going anywhere, take comfort in the fact you'll have access to crisp white dresses and daisy printed skirts until the end of summer. Below, our favorite pieces to wear for tropical vacations, brunches, and beyond.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Kate Middleton is doing a public event this morning before she reportedly takes a break to be with her kids Prince George and Princess Charlotte while they're on spring vacation (awww). And this is absolutely the perfect event for her, visiting The Scouts, a U.K. organization that just started a pilot to bring Scouting to younger children and is also celebrating the site's 100th year. And she's ABSOLUTELY ready to dig in, get her hands dirty, and play with some cute kids. Kate wore her beloved and very warm-looking J. Crew mock-neck sweater in burgundy and her cool Chloe combat boots to add a tough, cool-girl vibe to her look. She finished the lewk with black skinny jeans (her go-to) and an olive jacket. Kate will be meeting with said younger children under 6 and plant an oak tree, according to royal reporter Omid Scobie. "Scouts are taught to be loyal, friendly, courageous, considerate and to always 'Be Prepared,'" he added—it sounds very similar to girl scouts and boy scouts here in the Unites States. So Kate's outfit is REALLY appropriate for literally getting her hands dirty. Given the special relationship that she has with each of under-6 kids, this is the perfect venue for her. Kate has been a patron since 2012, according to Scobie,"when she helped raise awareness of a major adult volunteer shortage. Since then volunteer (and membership) numbers have been sky high!"Here's video of Kate arriving: VIDEO: The Duchess of Cambridge arrives at Gilwell Park, home of @UKScouting pic.twitter.com/pj4bFWOvRqHere's a shot of the full look:  So sporty! For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Did anyone else beg their parents for True Religion jeans? I love a good throwback photo, no matter how cringeworthy my poses or outfits. In hindsight, the fashion of the early '00s took a toll on us all, and some of the trends we swore by, from Juicy tracksuits to True Religion jeans, have slowly faded over time. The only thing we have left are photos and memories of those beloved past pieces. For fun, let's revisit some of the crazy but great trends (or so we thought at the time) we wore or begged our moms to let us wear in the early 2000s.No top or dress was complete in the early '00s without the addition of a large wide belt. They came in shiny plastic options, woven patterns, and everything in between. The style was even good enough for the red carpet, as evidenced by Kim, who rocked hers at the Rock & Republic preview party. Unfortunately, I was an adopter of this trend and had several pairs of pocketless jeans. Though unlike Christina Milian at the Crossroads premiere in 2002, I skipped the visibile-thong mania. Thankfully, both trends have faded out over the years and now I can happily stick my iPhone or lip balm into the back pockets of my jeans if I needed to.Whether you were a Von Dutch and/or Ed Hardy person, these brands defined the glorious aughts. You had at least a Von Dutch trucker hat, or tried to convince your mom to get you one, and wanted to own everything from its pinstriped shirts to tees. Though the hats have faded out since it peaked in 2003, Kylie Jenner was spotted in the accessory in 2016, giving hope (fear?) to some that Von Dutch might make a comeback.Longer than a regular top but shorter than a dress, the long tunic is a lewk everyone knows. Back then, you usually wore a tunic with leggings or jeans, in Mischa Barton's case. She didn't know it then, but she dressed down in the most 2000's outfit ever at the Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards.From name plate necklaces (I still have mine) to flashy belts with your name or phrases, these accessories took the idea of monogramming to a whole new level. The belt designs were loud and definitely not subtle, which is why we haven't forgotten about them even in 2019. Thank you Mariah Carey for this outfit.If you didn't spend your time tugging up your tube top or worrying they'd slide down in 20002, what were you doing? This piece was the perfect way to flash your belly-button ring or show off your shoulders and collarbones. The style is still relevant in 2019 and you can find traces of the silhouette in pieces like this. For something similar, get this blush pink tube top.Remember the whole "are leggings pants?" debate. Ask anyone in 2005, like Sienna Miller, and they will say yes. From It girls like her to the girls in your high school, leggings were the universal comfy, booty-hugging bottoms to wear with everything from tunics to crop tops. Leggings are still part of our everyday wardrobes, though we opt for stylish faux leather options like this now.UGG boots have managed to survive the early aughts (back when they were worn with miniskirts, the horror) and look better than ever in 2019. This throwback image of Bey from 2004 defined how seasonally confusing we must have all looked with our UGG boots and skirts. Never again. Did anyone else spend hours trying to untangle their long beaded necklaces? The accessory style was sold everywhere from your neighborhood store, Strawberry, to Claire's and American Eagle. Lauren Conrad even wore hers on MTV's TRL (#RIP) with a tank top and capris for the pinnacle outfit of 2005.Speaking of capris, Riri (yes, this same Rihanna) also took a liking to the trend, wearing her low-rise denim bottoms in 2005 while posing backstage during a MTV Networks Tempo Channel launch event. She styled hers with strappy pumps and a sequined vest blazer—a look we probably will never see on her again. Juicy Couture, the brand made famous by celebs like Paris Hilton and Lindsay Lohan, debuted in the spring of 2001. If you owned Juicy separates, you were basically part of the in-crowd and it was a pretty fun time. Eventually, like all trendy things, people moved on from the Juicy suits look to the athelsiure you know today (hello, Bandier). However, if you're nostalgic for Juicy, you can still shop the brand online.Maybe you weren't the name plate belt type, maybe you loved these boho-meets-western coin belts instead. You wore them low on the hips with jeans or flowy maxi skirts. This was definitely a cool look back then, since even Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen wore them in 2002.As The Black Eyed Peas once said, "They say they love mah ass in/Seven jeans/True Religion..." Like the Juicy tracksuit, owning a pair of True Religion jeans in the earl 2000's were a cool-girl symbol. And you could tell when a pair was from TR. The bottoms were defined by the horseshoe stitching on the back pockets and the laughing Buddha label. Though more contemporary brands like Mother and Re/Done are emerging as competitors in the denim market, True Religion hopes to make a comeback and tapped Bella Hadid as its newest campaign face just last year.If you owned a lace cami in 2004, you were probably layering it over a t-shirt or another shirt like Alyson Michalka's. It was a relatively easy look, achievable with any colored camisoles (I had a rainbow of colors that I wore under my one zip up). These days, the cami style is still around, though now I opt for silk or satin pieces.Your school might have had a dress code, so short tiered skirts like this were a no-no, but on the weekends? All rules were out the window. The tiered miniskirt was often worn with a camisole or white tank top, which made you feel like the coolest kid on the block.Raise your hand if you owned a halter-neck top or dress during this era. The style was seemingly everywhere and even Michelle Trachtenberg hopped on board with the design, wearing this halter-neck yellow minidress to the premiere of Eurotrip. One way to rep your favorite causes in 2004 was wearing a one-size-fits-all silicon bracelet from the organization. (You'll recognize the ubiquitous yellow Livestrong ones). Both the athlete for which the bracelet was named after and its other silicon cause bracelets have fallen from popularity as time passed. It's no longer cool to simply rep a cause just for the sake of looking fashion.Everyone and their grandmothers loved a good pashmina in 2000. It was a scarf, a shawl, a blanket for your legs on the airplane. They came in all colors and were made of cashmere wool or in some cases, just plain ol' polyester. Jennifer Lopez wore her pashmina with a matching pink dress for the Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards in 2000.True story of me in 2000's trends: I had cropped cardigans in every color (to go with my camis, of course), and now I own zero. They were useful layering pieces and looked alright with any top, though in hindsight the styles weren't all that cute. Still, Sarah Jessica Parker managed to rock it while filming Sex and the City in 2003, so this look couldn't have been that bad. Carried Bradshaw liked it back then, therefore I liked it too. Alexander McQueen's skull print scarves were the epitome of logo mania around 2002. They were lightweight and looked cool and edgy on the necks of anyone who splurged on them. From the print alone, you could tell it was a McQueen piece and a status symbol of some sort, which made the accessory even more covetable. Low-rise jeans are predicted to make a comeback in 2020 after designer Kirk Millar of Linder NYC included the style in his spring collection and Levi's (the OG of denim brands) announced its releasing low risers in 2019. If you're tired of high-waisted fits digging into your skin, you might just be inclined to give low-risers another chance. Though personally, I shall pass. The only thing that would make this outfit look more 2003 is if Nicole Ritchie wore UGGs with her micro denim skirt. (Notice the cami layered underneath her sweater too.) As we've moved away from the super short denim miniskirts (long ones are in this season), we can take comfort in the fact we avoided any underwear wardrobe malfunctions. •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Give me all the looks.Packing for the beach doesn't end with finding the right swimsuit. Though that is priority (we love these one pieces), bringing the right bag and remembering your bucket hat and sunscreen, for starters, is equally as important. But, we know you know what to bring to the beach, so we're going to skip right to how to style your beach outfits—for the 'gram and what not. You could simply wear denim shorts with your bikini top and call it a day, but for the ladies who want to master beach style, like the celebrities you love, continue reading ahead. We borrowed a few fashion tips and yes, now we're ready for our close ups.The Duchess of Sussex and her style have a loyal following. Thus when she wore this striped dress with wedges to a beach in Australia, we wanted a striped dress and wedges. While you can still buy both pieces, her Martin Grant dress is a bit pricey, so we found an equally as stylish, but more affordable alternative, ahead. (Leis not included.) Now if only we can find everyone a Prince Harry...Eric Javits hat, $240SHOP ITMarysia dress, $245SHOP ITVasic Collection tote, $165SHOP ITCastañer wedges, $290SHOP ITWe're not completely sure if Chrissy was headed to the beach here, but her outfit is definitely adaptable for a day of sun and sand. Chances are, your bikini or swimsuit will be under your casual t-shirt and denim shorts combo. A breezy kimono ties the look together and makes it appropriate for a post-beach lunch at your favorite restaurant. The one thing we'd change about this outfit though are the skinny heels. Ditch those for a pair of elevated sandals.  Brixton straw hat, $56 SHOP ITTreasure & Bond kimono, $79 SHOP ITRag & Bone tee, $125 SHOP ITPretty Little Thing shorts, $28 SHOP ITCaterina Bertini straw tote, $100 SHOP ITSteven strappy sandals, $99 SHOP ITWe love a good matching moment. The Modern Family actress showed everyone how to wear varying shades of blue (and heels?) from head to toe. Granted, she was filming a scene for the show here (her character Gloria always wears heels), but we can take away the matchy-matchy tip for ourselves. Betmar floppy hat, $40SHOP ITGottex silk sarong, $255SHOP ITKarla Colletto swimsuit, $299SHOP ITIpanema sandal, $30SHOP ITWe'd be happy in either one of these cute beach looks spotted on Kroes and Longoria. But if you're looking for easy separates, go with Kroes's white crop top and ocean-blue cropped trousers. Skip the shoes—you're at the beach!  Sunday somewhere sunglasses, $290SHOP ITAritzia white tank, $30SHOP ITMSGM poplin pants, $133SHOP ITSerpui Marie pineapple clutch, $299SHOP ITSwimsuits that double as bodysuits when worn with shorts or a skirt are hidden gems in beach attire. You won't have to stuff your tote with extra clothes, which leaves room for a towel, wine, sunscreen, and snacks. With one pieces coming in all sorts of colors and prints for the season, you won't have trouble finding one to wear from the pool to brunch. House of Dharma kimono, $265 SHOP ITChelsea28 scallop swimsuit, $89 SHOP ITCurrent/Elliot denim shorts, $180 SHOP ITPoolside straw tote, $200 SHOP ITTopshop sandals, $45 SHOP IT•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Your hunt for a new pair ends here.Before you buy a shoe (or anything, really), you're probably looking at the overall price, quality, and customer reviews. Personal accounts are important and though no two pairs of feet are alike, it gives you a good starting point. So when it comes to purchasing a new shoe for summer, I'm applying that same thought process. I asked the Marie Claire team to send me the one shoe they're dying to have and wear for summer, whether that be a go-to sneaker or a trendy new sandal. (Seeing what's on everyone's wish list is kind of exhilarating and also somewhat revealing, right? No? Just me? Fine.) What I've discovered is that we're all practical, yet stylish, shoppers who opt for easy neutral footwear that can carry us all through summer. Your hunt for a new pair of shoes ends here. Below, read our editors first-hand accounts on their picks for the best summer shoes ever. "I have been eyeing these BY FAR sandals. There’s nothing I love more than a practical heel and this one is very sensible (1.5 inches! A grass-friendly block shape!) while still being totally sexy. They’re the perfect shoe for a summer wedding (gird your loins, wedding season is almost upon us!) paired with a dress or thrown on to elevate a cropped jean for Sunday brunch." —Sally Holmes, Digital Director "Finally, the world has caught up with my love of orthopedic shoes! The pop of bright blue elastic is what sold me on the Cohen sandal by Coclico. It combines the ease of summer with my go-to hue (no matter what the season) and the little zing of color keeps it from being basic and boring. I can’t wait for warmer temps and to pair the sandals with shirt dresses for work and with caftans for the neighborhood pool (I’m going full Golden Girls). Plus, Coclico offsets its carbon usage by investing in international renewable energy projects and being kind to Mother Earth never goes out of style." —Joyce Bautista Ferrari, Managing Editor"I want to hop on board the clog trend this summer before everyone does. This shoe from MIA is the perfect combination of a fisherman sandal with a wooden clog. Catch me clunking around at the office and on the weekends in these practical '90s-chic shoes made and designed in Sweden." —Morgan McMullen, Designer "I’ll wear a long-sleeve shirt in 80-degree weather, so naturally I refuse to give up my boots in the summer. I’ve been looking for a pair of white booties for a while now—ones that a) I can wear to the bar and the office, b) comfortably fit my wide feet, and c) look good with either skinny or bootcut jeans—to replace my favorite suede pair that helped me survive this brutally long winter. I’m a little hesitant about the width, but I plan on buying a size up in these Marc Fisher booties to make sure they’re perfect. If all else fails, I’ll go for this amazing Frye pair as my backup option." —Rachel Epstein, Assistant Editor"I honestly feel like a snakeskin-printed, twisted block heel will make me feel like the world is my runway. These slip-on sandals fall into the effortless shoe category that will instantly edge up a simple look." —Maya Allen, Beauty Editor"I have been wearing a four strap, white, leather limited-edition Birkenstock sandal for four summers, but the sole is thinning and I would like to prolong their life a bit, so I am thinking of introducing another limited-edition Birkenstock into the fold.  This crossover strap style comes in mauve in the USA and in a whitish grey in Europe. The strap style makes these shoes look a little dressier than the Arizona two strap model that has been making a comeback over the past few summers. I'm hoping the pink is neutral enough to go with most outfits." —Bridget Burns, Photo Editor "No footwear quite says summer like a pair of Soludos. Sure, the brand make booties for the fall, and excellent leather mules and loafers that are seasonless. But espadrilles—light, whimsical, easy to wear—are what they're known for. I already own a pair with a seersucker upper, but this summer I'm in the market for one of their cheekier designs, like this version with "ciao bella" emblazoned across the top. Neutral tones mean they'll match with everything, while also adding a bit of pizazz to an otherwise plain outfit. Strolling, shopping, sipping rosé—I see myself and this shoe having a lot of fun together this summer." —Danielle McNally, Features Director"My dream summer shoe is cool, looks like it could kick some ass, and is comfortable enough to stomp all over the city in. This summer, I’m torn between two options: Ann Demulemeester’s platform sandals—preferably the non-patent version— and the Rick Owens X Birkenstock black and silver Arizona Rotterdam sandals. But I think the platforms are going to win out. I’m only 5’4’’, so I’ll take every extra inch I can get." —Jennifer Goldstein, Beauty & Health Director/Features Editor"Staud, the Los Angeles It brand right now, just launched shoes, and I have to say they're even better than what I expected. I’m obsessing over this brown strappy sandal because it passes all of the tests to become my go-to shoe for summer. It’s the perfect heel height, comes in an assortment of colors, and can easily dress up or down an outfit." —Adrienne Faurote, Fashion Market Assistant"It’s a cliché, but I’m forever obsessed with the Adidas Superstar shoe, a.k.a. those iconic three-stripe sneakers that everyone wears. (I am, indeed, quite basic.) Right now I’m dragging out the lifespan of my beloved gold-striped pair, which have seen more snow and storms and mud than they were ever intended to, so I’m coveting a new pair for the summer. If it were up to me, these shoes are all I’d wear until it gets cold again." —Jenny Hollander, Deputy Editor"When I receive packages with too much plastic or stuffing, I cringe thinking about the negative impact my purchases will have on the environment. I want to make a conscious effort to support more eco-friendly fashion brands and particularly love up-and-coming label Taylor + Thomas. Started by two female founders, Jessica Taylor Mead and Elizabeth Thomas James, the brand focuses on luxury footwear made with sustainable/vegan materials sourced from Italy and Japan. This flat stands out from your traditional ballerina styles and has a more cushioned/comfortable insole (made of corn!) for much-needed foot support. Prices might be luxe, but worth it for the quality." —Marina Liao, Fashion Editor"I love a light-heeled sandal that goes with everything and this fits the bill. What I love about this Nisolo pair, specifically, is that the shoes come from a really responsible company. They're ethically made, meaning their producers get fair trade wages, healthcare, and a clean working environment. Plus, the brand sells direct to consumers, so you're getting what they actually cost without a silly markup. More companies should be like this." —Cady Drell, Senior Culture Editor "I love love the rope/braided shoe trend for spring 2019. I need solid ankle support, even for my summer shoes, so I can't do the trendy slide (much to my chagrin—the '90s were my teens, y'all). This is stylish, cruelty free, 100 percent recyclable, and feels like a chic update to the other versions I used to wear, all without being too pricey." —Katherine J. Igoe, Morning News Editor"This summer the fisherman sandal is back and I can’t wait to wear them a second time around (I’m pretty sure I had an identical version as a kid). I’ll be pairing them with all of my summer dresses or a cropped khaki for the office." —Sara Holzman, Fashion Features Associate"This summer I really must face up to the fact that my beloved Converse All Star low tops need desperate replacing. While Kristen Stewart can get away with wearing a pair that are white-turned-brown in an effortless rockstar fashion, a mere mortal like myself would just look raggedy. I’ll be investing in a fresh pair because I wear my existing ones to death—they’re the ultimate, classic summer sneaker for anyone who spends sunny days in lazy denim and t-shirts. Although, obviously, I will also be purposefully scuffing them up from day one, because they are so much cooler that way." —Lucy Wood, Morning News Editor•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Super glittery.  Name a celebrity who wears more revealing outfits—what we like to call "naked dresses"—than Kim Kardashian. We'll wait. The star has made it known in interviews and on social media that she doesn't mind bearing it all, whether on the red carpet, a magazine photoshoot, or a mirror selfie. She even joked about her iconic nakedness while accepting a CFDA fashion award in 2018. And that's cool, naked looks have become a lifestyle for her. She takes it seriously, rocking sheer ensembles that are also high-fashion from the likes of Givenchy and Roberto Cavalli that most stars wouldn't dare to wear. Kim embraces her body and the cold (because okay, she has to be cold sometimes in these transparent looks) all in the name of fashion. So, just how many naked lewks has she worn? We rounded up 22 of her best, ahead.Kim arrived to Paris, France in a metallic silver sparkly bodysuit, matching Versace tights, and heels. She covered up with a long duster coat and wore a pair of rectangular sunglasses to shield her eyes from the paparazzi. Kim arrived to the set of Jimmy Kimmel Live in capri leggings and a one-shoulder crop top, which had an extra piece of fabric dangling in the front (that part's a little confusing, tbh). The look was very Kim: tiny top, skintight pants, PVC mules. Kim's preference for wearing just a bra under a blazer is common knowledge at this point. This time around, the star was snapped leaving The Plaza Hotel in NYC in said style with see-through leggings as well. This lewk paired with her platinum blonde hair actually...dare I say...works? The next time my dress has a rip, I'll consider slashing it even more so it looks like this. The reality star wore a dress with major cutouts, revealing her ribcage and belly button. I'm also loving her  slicked back hair. I'm not sure where she's going, but she looks fierce.When your shirt is too sheer for a bra, just go...braless? Kim forewent the undergarment and wore her black tank top with just a pair of cut-off cameo shorts. If you like her outfit, but don't want to completely free the nipple, wear a bralette underneath.   Kim attended Balmain's first  Los Angeles boutique opening in a white crop top and shimmery sheer skirt with thigh-high slit (and very specific pair kind of underwear we have to assume). The star always seems confident in next-to-nothing and this time was no different. Velour leggings seem rather hot to wear in July, but Kim stays cool by wearing just a lace bra with it. She covered up with an oversize blazer for a "going out" look, while that Prada bag made the outfit feel fashionable. Kim attended The Daily Front Row Award Show in a Givenchy Fall 2011 look. The couture piece featured scattered beading and a sheer skirt to show off the bodysuit underneath. The only thing Kim's missing in this white Romantic look? Angel wings.  A longtime supporter/BFF of Olivier Rousteing, Kim attended his Balmain spring 2017 show at Paris Fashion Week. The star sat front row in what can only be described as a fisherman's net. She did, however, wear nude undergarments to strategically obscure the important areas.The purpose of a see-through blazer and skirt seems to be showing off your cool undergarments, which is what Kim did while touring Paris. She greeted photographers in a rather transparent look and strappy heels. One pro to an outfit like this: It likely didn't take up much space in her luggage. If Kim's in Miami, there's a good chance she's baring it all (the weather is hot and humid down there). Case in point: this black bodysuit dress with a plunging neckline and sheer skirt. To make the nighttime outfit a little fancier, she accessorized with a sparkly choker. Thoughts, Kanye?Unlike Meghan Markle's picks from the House of Givenchy, Kim goes for the most revealing of dresses. Mrs. West sat front row in this lace slip dress and robe at the label's spring 2017 show in Paris.Kim's version of denim on denim consists of an oversize jacket and fitted shorts with thigh-high transparent Yeezy boots. Instead of a shirt, she chose a matching light blue bra for a sexy take on this street style outfit.Remember when Kim wore this vintage John Galliano minidress to the 2016 MTV Video Music Awards? She arrived in the semi-sheer number with wet hair style and lace-up black heels. This is one of her most memorable red carpet looks to date—not everyone can rock this hair or dress. Kim arrived for a gala in Kensington Gardens (the same place where Kate Middleton has been spotted walking with her kids) dressed in a sheer Roberto Cavalli dress and khaki belt. The star kept her dress hem off the ground with platform sandals and further accessorized with a thin matching scarf. This beige dress completely covers Kim's silhouette. But, you didn't think she'd leave out an opportunity to add her own twist to this otherwise conservative look did you? Enter a beige bra and high-waisted bottoms under this very sheer dress.In 2015, while pregnant with baby Saint, Kim went on a naked dress roll. Here, she arrived for the LACMA Art + Film Gala in a Givenchy all-lace look and dripping in Lorraine Schwartz jewels. Maternity dress? What's that?  Kim never tried to hide her pregnant belly. She owned it in a black lace gown that revealed her bump while attending Givenchy's spring 2016 fashion show in NYC.When a designer sends a sheer dress down the runway, you can bet Kim has her eyes on it. She wore this Proenza Schouler fall 2015 runway look to the June CFDA Fashion Awards in NYC, and yes it was completely transparent. Luckily, Kim seems to own plenty of high-waisted hot pants. For the 2015 Met Gala, Kim wore a sheer Roberto Cavalli gown with strategically placed lace and a feathered train on the red carpet. The designer ensemble featured intricate beading and strong shoulder details. Like most of her red carpet choices, this one veered on the dangerously sheer and sexy side while also being gorgeous and glam. For a photoshoot, Kim wore a cage dress over black undergarments and a fur coat. The star isn't new to undressing for covers, though this one is slightly less naked-y than many of her previous outfits. Kim's love for see-through red carpet ensembles can be traced back to as early as 2014. For the GQ Men of the Year awards in London, the reality star wore this Ralph & Russo mermaid style skirt over a custom latex bodysuit from Atsuko Kudo (the same designer who made her infamous pink latex dress). (Was this the beginning of her love for naked looks and latex?)		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			 For her, comfort and power go hand in hand.In a bi-weekly series, we're interviewing female executives, founders, CEOs—basically, boss ladies—on their one "power suit" a.k.a. the outfit they wear every day for easy dressing to conquer whatever the job throws at them.At the airport, there's no mistaking an Away suitcase. You can tell by the sleek Instagram-friendly polycarbonate hardshell and the built-in battery pack (a top selling point) that it's from the luggage brand of stylish and savvy travelers. The company, founded in 2015 by Jen Rubio and Stephanie Korey, hit profitability within two years of launching and has—as Away tells me—sold more than 1 million suitcases to your favorite influencers and stars like Gigi Hadid. (Personally, I own the bigger carry on in a baby blue hue. I love it.)Success can be attributed to many factors, from the millennial-friendly marketing campaigns to the direct-to-consumer model, but as Rubio tells me, the intent was always to "create a travel brand and a product that people really love." Rubio herself flies more than 200,000 miles in a year. With so much time spent in the air, she's developed a unique approach  to workwear. After all, what do you pack when you're spending a week in multiple cities with varying weather and events? Seems challenging, but Rubio doesn't fret over packing like most of us do, thanks to her work uniform. Read all about it, then snag similar pieces for yourself, ahead. "My mornings are the one thing I try to keep consistent. It's my me time. (I normally don’t wake up in the same space every week, as I’m traveling to multiple cities.) Whether I'm in a hotel or at home, I always check my phone. I know this is the opposite of what other people do, but it helps to calm any anxieties. Once I survey everything that's ahead of me, I can mentally plan around it.  Whatever my first thing of the day is, I make sure to wake up three hours before that to workout, read, meditate, catch up on emails, or chat with my boyfriend, since usually we're not in the same place. Once I get to the office or to my meetings, I don’t dictate my own schedule, so I’m at the mercy of whatever my team has put together for me that day."Packing is just getting dressed over multiple days. It’s less daunting if you approach it that way. "My strategy for packing is to just bring the things I need to get dressed, which sounds simple, but a lot of people are intimidated by packing because they approach it as this new thing that they haven’t done. Packing is just getting dressed over multiple days. It’s less daunting if you approach it that way. I wear whatever I want. If you look at our office, some people look like they’re about to go a wedding and some look like they've just walked in from the gym and everything in between. I want people to be comfortable and bring their best selves to work. For me, if I'm in the office with my team, I'm super casual, but if someone else is coming in to meet with me, then I'll throw on a blazer, tuck in my shirt, maybe add on jewelry."  "My mood is different every day. What works for me is that I wear whatever I want, then I look back and see if there is a pattern in the pieces I choose. It turns out, I do have a pattern. I like wearing comfortable stretchy black pants, loose silk blouses or cream sweaters, blazers, or I like a short black suit because it looks dressy and while also being super comfortable. The brands I love range from Theory and James Perse for tops to Dior or Balenciaga for shoes. I don’t think people will tell you I wear the same outfit every day, but if you look at all my articles of clothing, I have the same silhouette, styles, and colors that have become my uniform. My boyfriend—it’s great when people who don’t get fashion make observations—he was like, 'You do wear the same shirt every day, it’s just in different colors.' But he’s wrong. They’re silky things, so they look similar, but they're not the same piece. Everyone does gravitate towards certain cuts and fabrics and I think that's how you pick your uniform." "Comfortable..I think it’s hard to assert power if you’re not comfy, put-together, and authentic. I feel like whenever I'm wearing a look I consider my power outfit, people tell me 'that’s very you.'""My favorite ring is from a company called FoundRae and it’s etched with the phrase, 'If not now, then when?' and that’s my motto for life."For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Textured and true to their society roots, these investment pieces never go out of style.Ah, spring. Time to ditch the heavy overcoat, and walk to work in a light, sophisticated jacket that tells the world I have power and style. Here, Cameron Silver, founder and owner of Decades Inc. vintage boutique, tells us why tweed jackets are always worth investing in. (Keep scrolling for our favorites of the season.)Marie Claire: What are people pairing with their tweed jackets? Cameron Silver: Due to the meticulous process of weaving the fabric, tweed jackets were traditionally a symbol of status among the landed gentry. Now it’s fun to pair them with the unexpected: leather miniskirts, knee-high boots, and turtlenecks. MC: How have you seen the classic tweed jacket take on a contemporary spin? CS: Traditional tweed jackets were hip length, buttoned, and collared. The original silhouette has been elongated into trench-length coats, shortened and cropped, fringed, and, overall, interpreted to accommodate modern trends. MC: What makes tweed jackets such an integral part of women’s wardrobes today? CS: A tweed jacket is one of those pieces that will live in their closet season after season; they can wear it to the office or the grocery store, a dinner date, or brunch. It’s enormously effective at amplifying simple outfits.    •••This story appeared in the March 2019 issue of Marie Claire. SUBSCRIBE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Your next go-to suit is on this list.Summer is around the corner, which means lying out in the sun at a beach, the park, or on a rooftop (for the city dwellers among us). For these activities, you need a cute suit. And like clockwork, brands that carry swimwear and vacation pieces are just now releasing their latest styles to help us ring in the warm weather. You'll find everything from art-deco printed one-pieces to classic gingham cover-ups. With such a wide array of new choices, it's hard to resist buying yet another swimsuit. (I have three different ones in my shopping cart.)And since you're getting something new...why not go for something new new? Allow me introduce you to some fresh, brand-new, Instagram-friendly swimsuit lines. From the newly released Self-Portrait swim collection to celeb favorite Gooseberry, these new lines should be on your radar. Step outside of your safety zone and dive in to this selection of fashionable picks.This brand debuted its swimwear collection on the spring 2019 runways and officially launched the line just this month. Self-Portrait fans will instantly recognize the brand's DNA in the bikinis and one pieces: graphic pastels, bright feminine florals, and shades of terracotta. You'll find everything from one-shoulder swimsuit designs to resort-worthy tunics and dresses. The most fun part? You can mix and match the bikini tops (or one-pieces) with a cute skirt or denim shorts for a street style outfit. If luxury is your middle name, you'll want to check out up-and-coming brand Evarae. The swimwear is made in Italy and its resort wear is crafted from 100 percent silk and natural fibers. (Take a moment to picture yourself lounging poolside in this silky red poppy kimono.) You won't find super simple designs here—there's always a cool print or laser cut design to keep your style senses sharp. It'll be impossible not to feel fancy in any of the pieces, which range in price from $200 to $565.   If you swear by Solid & Striped, Zimmermann, or Mara Hoffman Swim, you'll love Marysia's clean and minimalist aesthetic. Founded by a former ballerina and surfer, Marysia Dobrzanska Reeves, the brand is most known for its scalloped swimsuits but has expanded its repertoire to include gingham print and fringe. The label also offers vacation staples including dresses and jumpsuits and everything is made from premium Italian fabrics. Thus, it's no surprise stars like Lupita Nyong’o and Gwyneth Paltrow are fans of the brand. You will be one too. Beloved by models like Kendall Jenner and Kaia Gerber, Gooseberry swimsuits offer the west coast vibes you dream about (or see on Instagram). Bikinis and one-pieces come in mostly solid colors and are free from extra embellishments and fussy details. In short, what you get is an effortless and season-less swimsuit that'll become a staple. If you're feeling daring, you can go with the gold pieces, but you'll look just as confident and amazing in the more demure shades. Prices start at $40 for a bikini top and up.Finding your perfect fit will be easy with Summersalt. The brand prides itself on having taken 1.5 million body measurements from more than 10,000 women to create its unique fit finder. Once you find your perfect fit, you'll be pleased to know the label has created its swimsuits from sustainable materials: 78 percent recycled polyamide and 22 percent xtra life lycra. As for the designs, bikinis and one-pieces come in vibrant colorblock combinations and are made specifically for moving in, whether you're swimming or playing beach volleyball. Based in Rio, this 4-year-old label approaches swimwear through the lens of sculptural and sporty silhouettes (as you can see from the image above). Haight focuses on clean lines and the creation of shapes through plunging necklines and deep side cutouts. Meanwhile, a muted color palette of rust, green, and claret provides a sophisticated approach to vacation dressing. So, if you're looking for a beautiful swimsuit to last for years to come, this is your brand.  Whatever Reese Witherspoon's selling, we're buying. The multi-hyphenate launched her fashion brand in 2015 and recently introduced swimsuits. The brand's first swim drop was done in collaboration with Helen Jon and consists of 20 different designs that capture the Southern aesthetic of the brand (think: ruffles and color block bikinis and one-pieces). With pieces starting at $67, there's something for everyone. My personal favorite is the two-toned bikini.Onia, which means sailboat in Hebrew, was founded in 2009 by Carl Cunow and Nathan Romano. The lifestyle brand offers everything you'd need to pack for a vacation, from a crop rainbow stitched shirt to a two-toned swimsuit that can also double as a bodysuit (when worn with jean shorts). The label even partnered up with fashion influencer Danielle Bernstein on a line of swimsuits that's been spotted on everyone from Danielle herself to Kylie Jenner. An additional selling point? Pieces from Onia are affordable and everything can be effortlessly thrown on. We're sold.  For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Just in time for spring!Last week, Jennifer Lopez nearly blinded us with photos of her new engagement ring. Now, Lopez and fiancé Alex Rodriguez are teaming up with popular eyewear brand Quay Australia to protect our eyes from the sun (and the brilliant shine of that rock). We love a thoughtful icon!Lopez is a longtime fan of Quay's sunglasses, and even introduced the line to Rodriguez, she says—so, of course, the newly-engaged couple partnered up with the brand. There's both a men's and women's collection, and the glasses are designed to reflect the iconic style and spirit of both superstars. QUAY x JLO offers a selection of 6 different pairs, with shapes ranging from the classic aviator to a bold cat eye, and the five shades in the QUAY x AROD collection are functional as well as fashionable. Spring is finally upon us, and it's the perfect time to invest in a pair of J.Lo-approved sunnies that will take your spring wardrobe to the next level. Check out some of our must-haves from the collection below.  Also, can we talk about how hot these two look in this campaign? I mean.Goals.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You can shop the pieces too. Every since Meghan Markle officially announced her pregnancy (on October 15, 2018 to be exact), her fans have been on maternity style watch. We didn't have to wait long to see Meghan's first outfit post–baby news (she wore a white fitted dress by Karen Gee during a 16-day royal tour through Australia, Fiji, Tonga, and New Zealand). Since then, the Duchess of Sussex has excelled in wearing tailored, contemporary separates and dresses, not to mention heels, while pregnant and shows no signs of abandoning her fashionable wardrobe for sweats in public. As she prepares for maternity leave (rumor has it she will give birth at the end of April or beginning of May), I'm taking a look back at her best pregnancy outfits. And, giving you direct links to shop similar, if not the exact, pieces. •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here).Meghan and Harry joined members of the British royal family for a traditional church service at Westminster Abbey to celebrate Commonwealth Day. The Duchess of Sussex wore a bespoke Victoria Beckham outfit and a Jackie O–style pillbox hat. The couple went to the Canadian Embassy to meet with Canadians living in Britain and take part in activities to celebrate the Canadian heritage. Meghan wore an emerald green coat from Erdem with a matching dress underneath. She accessorized with Aquazzura pumps and her Givenchy satin clutch.Meghan appeared for a panel, convened by the Queen’s Commonwealth Trust, for International Women’s Day. She wore a printed dress from Reiss, Manolo Blahnik pumps, and an Alexander McQueen black blazer. She carried a Stella McCartney crossbody bag.The Duchess of Sussex made a surprise visit to WE Day UK at the SSE Arena in Wembley, London. She wore a casual outfit consisting of a Ralph Lauren blazer, black top, black jeans, and Manolo Blahnik heels.The couple attended a reception to mark the 50th anniversary of the investiture of the Prince of Wales at Buckingham Palace. The Duchess of Sussex dressed up in an elegant neutral outfit, including a bespoke brocade dress, Amanda Wakeley coat, and Paul Andrew pumps. The royal couple met with King Mohammed VI of Morocco during their tour of the country. Meghan wore a flowing blue bespoke Carolina Herrera dress and carried a Dior clutch.The couple visited the Andalusian Gardens to hear about youth empowerment in Morocco from a number of young social entrepreneurs in Rabat, Morocco. Meghan wore a white blazer from Aritzia, a Loyd/Ford pleated dress, and Manolo Blahnik sling backs.Prince Harry and Meghan made a visit to the Moroccan Royal Federation of Equestrian Sports in Rabat on the third day of their tour of Morocco. The Duchess of Sussex dressed down in a striped Equipment shirt, Rag & Bone maternity jeans, a J.Crew mens jacket, and black Stuart Weitzman boots.The couple attended a reception hosted by the British Ambassador to Morocco at the British Residence during the second day of their tour of Morocco. Meghan covered up in a bespoke Dior gown, Dior pumps, and carried a Dior clutch.The royal couple visited students and teachers at a local secondary school in Asni, Morocco. The Duchess of Sussex stuck to her blazer and jeans look, this time the pieces were from Alice + Olivia and Rag & Bone, respectively. She traded in her heels for comfy flats by Birdies. She shielded her eyes with Illesteva sunglasses.The couple arrived at Casablanca airport in Casablanca, Morocco for their royal tour. The Duchess of Sussex wore a stunning bespoke red Valentino dress, nude pumps, and a Valentino crossbody bag. She also carried a pair of beige gloves.Meghan departed The Mark Hotel in New York City for London after her friends threw her a baby shower. The Duchess of Sussex went for a casual Ingrid & Isobel hoodie, Lululemon leggings, and camel coat—an outfit not usually spotted on the royal. Meghan was photographed leaving The Mark Hotel in New York City for lunch out with her good friend Abigail Spencer. She wore an oversized Courrèges haute couture black coat, Hatch maternity trousers, and Stuart Weitzman heels. She covered her eyes from the paps with Le Specs sunglasses. The Duchess of Sussex looked angelic in all white for a gala performance of "The Wider Earth" at the Natural History Museum in London, England. She wore an Amanda Wakeley coat, Calvin Klein turtleneck dress, and Ralph Lauren accessories that matched her clutch from the fashion house.Prince Harry and Meghan attended the Endeavor Fund Awards for the second year in a row. The Duchess of Sussex wore a menswear-inspired skirt-and-blouse ensemble from her go-to designer Clare Waight Keller of Givenchy. She stood tall in a pair of black-and-gold Aquazzura heels and carried her trusty Givenchy clutch. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			This is what you've been waiting for.Nike is having a major sale at the moment, and everything from sneakers to athletic gear are up to 40 percent off. Since, clearly, we have a fascination with sneakers (see here and here), it would be a disservice not to mention all the incredible pairs that are on sale right now. And, we know you have to leave room in the budget for a spring wardrobe, so we found 10 kickass pairs of Nikes for under $150. Shop them all, below.The "dad" sneaker gets a feminine makeover with this plum-colored Nike option. It features a combination of upper and lightweight foam cushioning for stretch, support, and comfort. Pair with your favorite cream-colored maxi dress. The blaze style was  introduced by Nike in 1972, and has become a modern wardrobe  staple. This black pair of kicks can be worn with anything from camo pants to denim shorts and a t-shirt for that sporty street style look. The Nike Metcon 4 XD is here for all your cross-training needs. Between the firm rubber heel (to provide stability for high-intensity intervals) and the low-profile heel clip on the sides (to help minimize drag during wall exercises and handstand pushups), the benefits to get you through your workout are worth the price.  If you're a runner, you need to give these Nike Zoom Fly Flyknits a try. You'll feel like you're sprinting on a fluffy cloud, thanks to the lightweight structure of the shoe. These sneakers popped up in MC.com's best white sneakers round-up, and now they're on sale. (Is it fate I should get them?) I love how the laces are on the back instead of the front and a high-top silhouette makes it look unique from its low top counterparts. Though the cortez style has been around since 1972, Bella Hadid really brought it back with her 2017 Nike campaign. If you missed your chance at buying a pair the first time around, scoop this beige option up. The neutral hue pairs well with all of your spring/summer floral dresses.If your cortez kicks are beat up, consider upgrading to the premium style, which features a less rounded toe and a more visible 3D Nike check logo. Leather construction provides comfortable support while foam soles give the shoe a lightweight cushioning.For a street style shoe that will stop traffic when you cross the street, pick up these Nike Vandal High LX kicks. They're splashed with the phrase "this game is mine," because you've got this.Skip the laces entirely if you're aiming to get out the door quickly for your workout session. The Nike Rise React Flyknit features a lightweight stretch upper and molded heels for a secure, stable feel.For a bold leather sneaker detail, opt for gold studs like these. The design's a modern version of the tiny star prints on the old AF1 style. Sizes are quickly selling out, so get yours now.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I've never felt more seen by a shoe. In our biweekly series, editors share "the item they wear to death," whether it be a basic white tee or a super-trendy jumpsuit. Prepare yourself (and your credit card) for some guilt-free shopping.Before I discuss why I love my Zara booties to death, I have to keep it real by admitting that, initially, this was not how I felt. I compare this footwear first impression to going on a first date in New York City. Great dates are few and far between, so my expectations are always low. (Shout-out to every 20-something successful women who can relate.) I had every intention of wearing my snakeskin booties for a hot second, then dropping them like a bad habit—a savage breakup at best. Horrible, I know, and shame on everyone who does this IRL, but here's why I engaged in this f*ckboy behavior: I was at work with a last-minute event to go to, but did not like my outfit, so I made an emergency run to Zara. I saw these boots perched on the glossy black shelves and didn't have time to overthink if I would actually wear them again or not. Though the $100 shoes were not in my budget, I bought them anyways with the rationalization that, at the time, this was an impulsive purchase I could easily return after one outing and, therefore, would not affect my bank account.Once off the shelves, I slipped on the skinny-heeled pointy-toed booties and—wow—they were so comfortable. Usually my wide feet can't stand a skinny heel, but these were stretchy and easy to stomp around in for hours. I immediately fell in love with the white-and-black snakeskin pattern—the print is eye-popping, on-trend, versatile, and just my kind of vibe. Once I realized that I could wear these with much of my wardrobe (which sadly is all-black with a few pops of color) and that they would singlehandedly elevate each outfit from a look to a lewk, I was sold. I ended up loving these booties so much that I wore them to my first day of my dream job at Marie Claire. I paired them with a timeless vintage jumpsuit I found thrifting in my hometown of Portland, Oregon. (These boots and my new job announcement photo, below, is one for the history books.)A post shared by mayaalenaa (@mayaalenaa) on Dec 10, 2018 at 4:28pm PSTThe shoes give me the confidence boost I need on days I want to feel like an ultimate baddie and own the room, whether that be in the office or at the club. I've successfully worn the Zara booties in those two settings and they are definitely boots that can do both. The shoes' secret sauce lies in the bold print, fierce heel, and comfortability. Plus, I'm an emotional dresser—looking good makes me feel good. I can wake up not feeling my best, but after I go through my skincare routine, swipe on a bright red lipstick (Smashbox Liquid Lipstick in Bawse is my all-time favorite), and put on a favorite item of clothing, like these shoes, I feel like a whole new woman. I'm on a never-ending pursuit to be a powerful lady who has her shit together, and it's important for me to dress the part. When I'm not wearing my booties to the office, you can find me pre-gaming in them before a night-out with my girls. Here, I paired them with vintage Levis mom jeans, a gold chain belt, and a bright red puffer. Let's just say I left the club with new numbers in my phone that night.  waitin for ma uber vs. when it says it's outsideA post shared by  mayaalenaa (@mayaalenaa) on Nov 11, 2018 at 12:32pm PSTI don't think I've ever met a more versatile bootie in my life. I've had these for a few months now and have legitimately styled them every way. (Here's me wearing them with a velvet blue coat in the March 2019 issue of Marie Claire. My lovely colleague Taylore Glynn featured me in the "What I Love About Me" page, which highlights what real women find empowering about themselves.)The boots joined me in full celebration mode for my sister's birthday. These shoes kept up with me as I taste-tested wine all afternoon long, so they past my tipsy shoes test with flying colors. They were even comfortable enough to wear as I danced around, dropped it low, and acted a fool with my friends.At this point, the snakeskin boots are memorabilia of my life. They've been in a magazine, were there for me when I started a new job, and have held me up during those unforgettable nights out with friends. I can wear them with whatever—mom jeans, jumpsuits, suits, dresses, skirts, summer booty shorts (soon)—and they make me feel like ME: an independent, empowered, stylish, professional and fun woman who loves a fierce bootie. To conclude, my first date with these boots turned into a happy, long-lasting relationship.  For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Just make sure you're wearing your best lingerie.So, how is Kylie Jenner doing post-Jordyn Woods betrayal/scandal? It seems the youngest self-made billionaire ever is just fine. The star has been spending a lot of time with her young daughter and is surrounding herself with her sisters. After sharing a few Instagrams of Stormi being adorably cute, as ever, Kylie shared some #OOTDs.One of them is a ribbed, long-sleeve t-shirt dress, which she wore with a neon green (yellow?) lacy bra and underwear set. The 21-year-old wore a neon green jacket draped on one arm and held onto a black handbag in the other, all while looking away from the camera. If you know anything about Kylie's style, she often wears see-through or body-hugging outfits. In the past, her ensembles have usually been affordable too and this dress was no different. It's only $35 and quickly selling out. Though we're not sure where she wore this lewk to (the Kardashians did throw a St.Patrick's Day/birthday celebration for Rob over the weekend), we do know what beau Travis Scott thinks of it. The musician left a heart eyes emoji comment right after she posted the photo. 💚🖤A post shared by  Kylie ♥️ (@kyliejenner) on Mar 19, 2019 at 8:27pm PDTIn the past few weeks, the couple has struggled with cheating rumors and Scott's intensive tour schedule, which takes him away from Kylie and Stormi. The rapper even briefly deleted his Instagram account to prove he did not cheat on Kylie while on tour. "Travis keeps telling Kylie that she can trust him," said a source to People. "He has been doing everything he can right now to regain her trust. He will soon be off for a few weeks and keeps saying he can’t wait to spend time with Kylie and Stormi." Judging by Scott's Insta comment and Kylie's post, things seem to be okay...for now.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I hate to break it to you guys, but we're officially entering into that time of year where you'll be asking yourself the same question every morning: "Should I wear a jacket?" Yes, winter dressing might be brutal, but getting dressed for Spring is so much worse (there I said it), because the weather is too unpredictable. There's a small window of time where layering a long-sleeve shirt under a jacket is a sweat-free option; you never know when it's time to shave your legs; some weeks it rains on end.  And that's why you need to be prepared. I've found 15 things you can add to your closet to prep for this tricky season and they're all 15 percent off on Net-A-Porter's exclusive sale. Just add 'NETAPORTER15' at the checkout, and all your wardrobe woes will be solved. Veronica Beard makes some of the best-fitting blazers: They're snug at your waist, but don't make your arms feel immobile. An added bonus to this style? The Cher Horowitz appeal.Trench coats are a springtime staple, and there's nothing like Burberry's OG cut. Their classic coats are rarely on style, which means the time to pick one up is now. When we're feeling lazy, a white tee is our typical go-to. You can try a style with a refreshing detail like Sacai's floral back. You could easily wear this jumpsuit without a jacket this spring, because the weight of the denim is just heavy enough.  Your footwear will no longer be determined by slushy streets, which means it's time for a pair of fresh white sneakers. Is there anything Nike's Cortez kicks don't go with? It's almost too cold to wear dresses, so a long-sleeved midi is the ticket. Wear them with knee-high boots now, then swap for sandals when the weather heats up. Cargo pants are making a comeback, but we know everyone won't be thrilled with the '90s throwback. This flared look is a grown-up version of the pocketed pants from your teens.A wrap dress will never go out of style, so you can easily stock up on them during Net-A-Porter's sale. This pretty blue option will brighten up your spring wardrobe, and is lightweight enough to wear into summer.  From a rainy day to a bad hair day, bucket hats are a lifesaver. Test out the trend in denim, which will easily match your existing style. Cowboy boots are having a moment, so go ahead and cave. We love this Ganni pair that is a modern, quirky version of the look. Denim jackets are an easy fall-back, but safari jackets are just as versatile. Plus, this pistachio color is unlike anything you already own. It's not time for silk slip skirts just yet (that windchill will do you under), so opt for a heavier fabrication. Your prone-to-frostbite thighs will thank you. A basic cardigan works year-round. This spring we'll be testing out the no-layering look in this timeless style.A silk neck scarf is the most underrated accessory. For chilly March afternoons, add it to a plain white button down. If you're itching to wear summer dresses, printed pants are the solution. They offer the same playful vibe without sacrificing bare legs. From: ELLE US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Dress + sneakers + sunglasses = done.Personally, I loathe standing in front of the mirror on a 90-degree day, trying on shirt after shirt, only to end up with a sweaty back (TMI?) and no cute outfit to leave the apartment in. Summer dressing should be easy! This season, I've vowed to change my hot-weather wardrobe habits. My new rule? Wear outfits that require just three pieces of clothing or less. The simplified process means I won't overthink my look (dress and sneakers? Done!), but I'm not sacrificing style either, thanks to some street style inspiration. To prove it really can be done, I've crafted seven sunshine-and-rosé-ready outfits I plan to rotate weekly, below. Join me? The "what do I wear to work?" dilemma is too real. Cut down the time you spend in front of the mirror by always grabbing these three items: a striped button-down shirt, a black skirt, and sock boots. The leather skirt with its classic silhouette and sturdy material is key to crafting a polished look for the office. Boots add that essential fashion-girl touch. Although, you can replace the shoes with flats or heels if your ankles are just too damn sweaty.  Shop similar pieces: 1. A.P.C. poplin shirt, $220; 2. Zara leather skirt, $40;  3. Steve Madden bootie, $100 A T-shirt is wearable year-round, but it’s an especially versatile piece come summer. Instead of tucking your favorite black tee into the same pair of blue jeans, kick up the sophistication by styling it with cotton or silky wide-leg trousers. Go for bottoms with a high-waisted cut to create the illusion of longer legs. And for a real bump in height, slip on some red heels. That pop of color takes the outfit from fine to fabulous.Shop similar pieces: 1. Michael Starsblack t-shirt, $58; 2. Diane von Furstenberg trousers, $243; 3. Barneys New York sandals, $295When the temperatures hit 85-degrees or higher, it's time to give your jeans a break (sorry, we still love you, denim!). Instead, opt for bottoms in more breathable fabrics, like printed cotton pants or linen trousers. Pair them with your favorite graphic T-shirt for that quintessential street style outfit. Complete the look with this season’s It shoe—the mule—and be on your fashionable way to work, brunch, and beyond.Shop similar pieces: 1. Maggie Marilyn t-shirt, $155; 2. Rebecca Taylor floral pants, $140; 3. M. Gemi mule, $248A dress and sneakers: The simple two-piece outfit I swear by for oppressively hot days. A dress in a feminine print, like florals, gives off extra summertime vibes. And white dad sneakers are the I-don't-have-to-think-about-anything choice for effortless style. Worried about catching a chill as the AC blasts? Toss a colorful blazer over your shoulders. This whole look can be thrown together in under five minutes, which gives you plenty of time to make it to drinks with friends before happy hour ends.Shop similar pieces: 1. BP floral maxi dress, $59; 2. Leith blazer, $79; 3. Jeffrey Campbell sneakers, $145 The jumpsuit is a close second to the dress and sneakers look when it comes to easiest outfit ever. This season, you'll find plenty of utilitarian styles in denim and khaki for a relaxed approach to dressing. If you're feeling bold, unzip this jumpsuit to show off a white bralette or crop top. A cool mule and classic designer bag add the finishing touches to this A+ street style ensemble.Shop similar pieces: 1. Topshop denim jumpsuit, $110; 2. Saint Laurent crossbody bag, $1,750; 3. Dear Frances mule, $475Consider denim shorts a white canvas on which you can build—and we suggest you layer on a sporty top and funky footwear. Think like a stylist and select shirts with an interesting color or cutout designs—or both!—and make that the focal point of your ensemble. As for footwear, I love a boot in lieu of sneakers or sandals to switch things up.Shop similar pieces: 1. Adidas strip crop tee, $35;  2. Treasure and Bond bootie, $110; 3. AGolde denim shorts, $128Looking for a cute weekend outfit to wear to the park or out to drinks? This tiny crop top, breezy skirt, and sandals look is the epitome of a relaxed ensemble. It says "I'm put together, but also totally not worried about anything." Plus, you can easily pack this three-piece outfit into a suitcase for all your warm-weather vacations.Shop similar pieces: 1. Orseund Iris cropped tank, $195;  2. Faithfull the Brand midi skirt, $149;  3. Joseph sandals, $525 •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The only thing more comfortable than being naked.Few things are more effortlessly glamorous than a silk robe. Delicate and gentle on the skin, the boudoir staple is a sophisticated form of self-love that offers comfort and elegance. No longer exclusively reserved for bedtime and intimate rendezvous, silk robes have seeped into daywear trends in recent seasons, which I for one couldn't be more excited about. Here, my 12 favorite picks for satin and silk robes to invest in ahead of spring, whether you're looking for a cover-up for the bedroom or brunch. Decorated with vibrant illustrations of fruit, this silky kimono from the recently launched (and wonderfully named) British brand Fruity Booty Underwear deserves to be displayed as art on your body rather than hidden in your closet. The brand is ethically made in Europe and was founded by two women who wanted more choice for undergarments, believing that nightwear should always feel special. This piece absolutely does. This luxuriously soft crepe de chine robe features a dainty pattern of red lips. No need to wait for a romantic holiday or date night to wear this. Wrap yourself in this robe 24/7 as a gesture of the self-love you deserve.  Colombian label LoboRosa has been described by Barney's as an innovator in the sleepwear-as-daywear space. This floral and monkey-print robe from the up-and-coming brand can be worn on the beach over a white swimsuit, in the bedroom with black lacy lingerie, or over a tee and jeans for a casual weekend outfit. This printed robe just teleported me to the lemon groves on the Amalfi Coast in Italy. I'm long overdue for a vacation, so this will serve as a reminder to book a trip STAT. This satin robe will be a sublime number to slip on for summer mornings or when it's mid-March, like now, and I feel like dressing for the weather I'd prefer. Ideal for an intimate occasion, H&M's $30 satin kimono with lace detailing is practically a steal. If you're looking for something that's sensual and affordable (while passing as expensive), meet your new go-to lingerie. This leopard-print robe is a purfect option for those who are wild about animal print. (Don't @ me for my puns.) Falling right beneath the knees, the universally flattering shape lends itself apt for both intimate rendezvous and lazy Sunday afternoons.  Raved about on Amazon, this satin robe is a smart choice for those on a budget, but dream of luxuriously nightwear. The colorblocked pattern is also perfect for those who fancy sleek, minimalist ensembles. Suitable for a night in or a night out, this cactus-printed silk robe is a bold choice for special occasions where you want to feel equal parts comfortable and fashionable. Personally, this is the robe and wrap-dress of my dreams. Adding to my wishlist. Cut from glossy satin, this lightweight robe will feel smooth and silky against your bare skin. Thanks to a pretty floral pattern, it's also chic enough to be thrown over a bikini when you hit the beach. Behold, the crème de la crème of silk robes: Fleur du Mal's silk-satin creation. Long and elegant with a self-tie belt, this modern robe can be worn to work with a pair of dark trousers and simple top, on a date night with a silky slip dress, or at home, commando.  This knee-length white silky number keeps it classic and will prove itself to be a timeless wardrobe staple. It's especially fitting for the woman whose weaknesses include Italian ironed linens, Marie Kondo, and early morning meditation sessions. Copenhagen-based brand iiL7's kimonos offer fabulously vibrant options for the very fashion-forward lady. This one-size fits most option is a statement piece well suited for the artsy and eccentric personalities.  •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			While we were all freaking out about the Instagram shutdown the other day, the app was busy rolling out its newest (and most dangerous) feature yet. In an effort to expand its e-commerce platform, Instagram users now have the ability to shop directly in the app. The dangerous part? You're probably going to spend a lot more money than you'd like. When a product is made shoppable on Instagram, we can now click on it and we'll be directed to a page where there's an option to checkout on Instagram. You know the deal—put in your credit card information once, safely store it, and now you're literally a click away from buying items you find on your feed without leaving the app. You can see exactly what it looks like, below:Over 20 brands are currently participating in the direct checkout tool: Inevitably, more companies will start using the feature. In the meantime, let's take advantage of buying that new H&M top we just saw on our feed, shall we? For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The two Duchesses chose very different looks.It’s a big day in the calendar for Duchess of Cambridge Kate Middleton who, after eight years of being a member of the royal family, has finally attended her first ever solo royal engagement alongside the Queen. Her Majesty and the Duchess visited King’s College London, where they reopened the newly renovated, Grade II listed Bush House. While they have attended numerous events alongside Prince William, Prince Philip, or other members of the family, it's the first visit for just the two of them to share together. Pretty cute, right?Of course, with such a momentous occasion to plan ahead for, Kate had the perfect outfit waiting quietly in her wardrobe, and definitely did not disappoint on the fashion front. The Duchess selected a grey Catherine Walker coat, with a lovely fit and flare shape and a buckled waist. She teamed the bespoke piece with her new favorite Gianvito Rossi block heels, a black Mulberry clutch, and a fascinator hat for the finishing touch. It was a demure outfit and a muted color palette for the Duchess, and she looked effortlessly chic—but it still couldn’t have been more different from the look that her sister-in-law, Duchess of Sussex Meghan Markle, selected for her own debut solo outing with the Queen. Back in June of 2018, just a few months after she married Prince Harry, Meghan joined Her Majesty on a solo appearance to Cheshire. With the time of year being a little warmer and more summery, the Duchess of Sussex opted for a lighter look than Kate did today, wearing a stunning cream Givenchy dress with a high neckline and cape silhouette. She completed her elegant and chic outfit with a skinny black Givenchy belt, and a pair of tiny pearl earrings that belonged to the Queen herself. For both occasions with her granddaughters-in-law, the Queen chose bright and bold shades to wear, selecting an equally fun bubblegum pink for her day with Kate, against the vivid lime green for the trip with Meghan last year. With that in mind, it’s likely that the Duchesses both cleverly opted for similar muted tones, so as not to attract attention from Her Majesty on their visits.The outfits may be very different, but it looks as though both Duchesses had a wonderful, happy time on their visits with Her Majesty. I mean, a road trip with the actual Queen is pretty exciting.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Time to start shopping. Time works differently in the fashion world. While most of us were digging out our cozy wool sweaters and brushing the dust off our suede ankle boots, designers already thought ahead to summer/spring 2019. Back in September 2018, they presented their designs at New York Fashion Week, giving eager guests a glimpse of what to expect for the next season. Well, now, spring is here and it's time to give your wardrobe a little refresh. (You deserve it after making it through those frigid winter months.) So what should you invest in? The collections below show that yellow is a dominant color. Puffy sleeves is another trend designers have agreed on, bringing the '80s style into 2019. But even when we see repeated themes, every designer puts his or her own spin on them. Take the tie-dye trend, for example: Mike Eckhaus and Zoe Latta of Eckhaus Latta presented a black-and-white tie dye suit, while John Elliott chose to debut a pair of tie dye pants. Instead of calling out every single trend we saw on the catwalks, we've painstakingly narrowed it down to the top nine spring trends you should know and picked out our favorite pieces from each to shop. You'll want to get your hands on the trends, ahead, before everyone else starts. As seen at Jonathan Simkhai, Tibi, Escada, RodarteMillennial pink and lavender had their moments, but the color of spring 2019 is egg-yolk yellow. The sunny pastel shade popped up all over the New York Fashion Week runways, batting away any rainy day blues guests might have felt. The color worked its way into the fanciful tiered dresses of Rodarte and into the sleek trench coats of Escada. Tibi’s yellow pantsuit set was a fresh breath of air compared to all the navy and burgundy suits we’ve seen from past seasons. Spring ’19 is looking bright already.As seen at Matthew Adams Dolan, Maryam Nassir Zadeh, Monse, Tibi To account for spring's warming weather, designers revamped their basic pantsuit sets and instead teamed blazers with shorts (including sporty biker shorts, as seen in Nanushka's presentation). The new suiting can be styled in a variety of ways: Matthew Adams Dolan styled his two-piece minty green set with black pumps while Maryam Nassir Zadeh sent her model down the runway in lace-up sandals. I'm calling it now: This will be the spring/summer uniform for all fashion girls.As seen at Ulla Johnson, 3.1 Phillip Lim, Kate Spade, Rebecca Taylor  The search for that perfect white summer dress is over, because designers sent a host of options down the catwalk for next season. Sure, they were all white, but they differed in terms of fabric (some designers used lace while others opted for sheer cotton material) and style (some LWDs were designed with sleeves, others with ruffle details). It was hard to pick a favorite, but click ahead for three I love. As seen at Ulla Johnson, Sandy Liang, Kate Spade, Rodarte  This '80s style was a can't-miss look in designer shows and presentations. Ulla Johnson added puffy sleeves into her jumpsuits, while Nicola Glass brought the trend, via a floral dress, into her first collection for Kate Spade. They added a unique detail to all the looks and are 100 percent wearable for spring.As seen at Tibi, Tory Burch, Escada, Sies Marjan Designers seemed to unanimously agree that a shirtdress should be in everyone's wardrobe next season. This wearable staple came in a medley of prints and colors, from Tory Burch's striped collared dress to Sies Marjan's crisp white look. We predict this design will be your new throw-on-and-go outfit. Style with sandals, pumps, or even sneakers.As seen at Eckhaus Latta, R13, John Elliott, Prabal Gurung I never thought the tie-dye look was for me, but after the Spring 2019 runway shows, I'm caving and getting myself a funky, colorful top. Designers tapped into their groovy sides, sending tie-dye tops, jackets, and pants down the NYFW runways. Every outfit featured a different approach to this '60s style. Chris Leba of R13 infused western-elements into his laidback surfer outfits, while Mike Eckhaus and Zoe Latta of Eckhaus Latta really went for it with a tie-dye jacket and pants set. These aren't your childhood camp day tees, they're better.As seen at Marc Jacobs, Tibi, Monse, Escada  Why wear one color when you can wear two? Amy Smilovic of Tibi played with the contrast of navy and sky blue in her runway show and Marc Jacobs paired orange and pink together in his unexpectedly magical feathered creation. Two-toned looks take the thinking out of mixing-and-matching colors for you, and for that I'm thankful. As seen at Proenza Schouler, Anna Sui, Tibi, Eckhaus LattaIs the new outerwear option for spring '19 simply just a vest? According to the runways, yes. Models at Proenza Schouler layered 'em on, while at Eckhaus Latta there was no shirt necessary. Anna Sui tapped into this trend, too, and debuted a floral brocade military-inspired piece at her show. Move over bomber jackets, the vest is the smarter way to cover up going forward. Once you purchase your fave, click here for six was to style it. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Your fitness style game is about to be on point. On Monday, Selena Gomez's newest collection with PUMA, "Strong Girl," became available on Amazon. Ranging from shoes, to gym accessories, athletic gear, and even trendy socks, the collab encompasses all your athleisure needs—and everything just looks so dang cute! Shop the best pieces from the line below. These kicks are one of the focal points of the collection, and they feature chain detailing on the back, extra straps for support, and a sleek design. If you're into textured shoes, this light-gray pair with a rippled knit fabric is calling your name. According to PUMA's website, the collection emphasized "confident colors and bold silhouettes," and nothing encapsulates that more than this edgy see-through sports bra. If you're opting for the above bra, you'll want the coordinating multicolored leggings to complete your whole look. This sporty shift has a lot of cool features including mesh sleeves, snap closures, metallic trim, and the number 92 (Sel's birth year) printed on the back. If you're the type who likes to run errands after hitting the gym, this top-and-bra combo is the best of both worlds. Sure, this looks comfy and low-key from the front, but turn around and there's a pretty embroidered appliqué on the back with flowers and a puma.  Want to add a feminine touch to those sneaks? Better grab a pair of these cute frilly socks. Everyone will be complimenting your hosiery when you slip your feet into these babies. This shiny backpack can fit all your workout gear thanks to its extra compartment, but it also looks stylish enough to wear on an everyday basis. From: Cosmopolitan US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Time to start getting bi-weekly pedicures again.  Spring is so close I can almost taste it. I, personally, can not wait for alfresco brunches, breezy walks, and all the open-toed shoes on the horizon. It feels like winter has been particularly long and bitterly cold this year, but all that is about to change as we gear up for spring and its hottest trends. There's so much color, so many sandals, and an abundance of sheer dresses to give you inspiration. So go ahead, get your inner Cher Horowitz on and shop 'til you drop–with a price point of $50 max you're sure to find a pair (or two) you just have to have. Vans, $50SHOP ITYour old white shoes were dirty anyways—swap them for a clean pair. Nastygal, $35SHOP ITThe great thing about a black pair of boots is that you can where them literally all the time. & Other Stories, $38 SHOP ITSlip into these to add an easy pop of color to any outfit. Topshop, $48SHOP ITEverything about this little pair is perfect. The heel, the block toe, the sleek slingback. If you're worried about the light color, you'll be pleased to know they also come in gray and leopard. Zara, $46SHOP ITA pair of new sandals for spring is a must. These are not only super easy to slip on, they come in four different color options. Jeffrey Campbell, $38SHOP ITI don't think you're ready for this jelly (flat). Zara, $40SHOP ITUpgrade your basic stilettos with these rounded heels. The mustard-yellow shade adds a chic twist to your serious all-black wardrobe.Ipanema, $33SHOP ITIf you haven't tried Ipanema's flip flops you're truly missing out. This slide version gives you comfort and a cute work of art on your sandals.  Old Navy, $28SHOP ITThe ideal heel for when you stay out morning to night–because you can because the weather is finally nice again.Zara, $20SHOP ITSpring is one step closer to summer, which means espadrilles are in season. Sam Edelman, $48SHOP ITThe chunky heel on these will make them your go-to dancing shoes for the season. (Haven't you heard, strappy sandals are THE shoe of 2019?)Mango, $50SHOP ITThese vegan leather sneakers are perfect for Saturday errand runs. Rebecca Minkoff, $50SHOP ITFlorals for spring may not be groundbreaking, but they are necessary. And, hey, if you're not a pattern girl, footwear is the perfect place to ease them into your wardrobe.Topshop, $32SHOP ITTime to upgrade your standard black flats. The ankle strap on these screams spring time. J. Reneé, $40SHOP ITFor those spring days that still feel like winter. Ivy Park, $42SHOP ITBecause you'll need a shoe for when you lounge by the pool during spring break. •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Anthropologie has finally expanded its clothing to make it accessible for women above a size 16. Today, the brand launched APlus by Anthropologie, which features extended sizing from 16W-26W. Previously, the retailer only reached women sizes 00P–14P and 00–16. I, personally, am obsessed with Anthropologie—and could not be more thrilled the brand has finally taken this major step to reach real women of all sizes.  Much like its wellness shops, APlus by Anthropologie will have its own mini shops within select Anthro stores across the country including New York, Pennsylvania, Florida, Georgia, Maryland, Illinois, Texas, and California. "What to expect? A collection with all of the fun, charm, and romance of Anthropologie," Hillary Super, co-president of Anthropologie, writes on the site's landing page. The extended sizing has over 120 (!) styles from its new spring collection, which features models Candice Huffine, Paloma Elsesser, and Ali Tate in a beautiful campaign shot in Mexico City. And, yes, it includes some of Anthro's favorite in-house brands (read: Maeve and Pilcro) with support from other labels like DL1961 and Cloth + Stone. Considering there are hundreds of styles to choose from, I narrowed down my favorites to shop for spring and summer, below. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Pro tip: Invest in some Mr. Clean Magic Erasers. A white sneaker is like a white T-shirt—you're always searching for the perfect one, and it never goes out of style. The versatile staples are the building blocks to any outfit and without them, well, it's like the world your wardrobe isn't complete. Whether you prefer your white sneaker crisp and clean (a tried-and-true tip: use Mr. Clean magic erasers to gently erase stains and dirt build-up), or a bit scuffed like those from Golden Goose, the street-style shoe never looks stale. Especially, if this season's newest selections come with cool designs like topstitching or logos. Ahead, 13 of the best white sneakers that are worth the perpetual cleaning cycle.Looking for sneakers to give you a boost in height? Try this slightly elevated pair from Converse. Unlike the brand's flatter sole styles, this one will give you added inches. Wear it with your favorite spring/summer skirt in lieu of heels. For sneakers that work for summer, I present to you these espadrilles. The esparto rope gives this leather shoe a casual and laidback vibe, whether you wear this on the street or to the beach. The pastel pink on the back adds soft coloring. What makes this sneaker unique are the transparent soles that are made to resemble the shape of diamonds. Though this sneaker itself doesn't contain any of the precious stones (imagine losing a diamond on the streets...the horror!), the sneakers don't lack in sparkles or style. The laces are threaded with glittered silver.  Rothy's The Sneaker, $125SHOP ITMeghan Markle likes wearing her Rothy's, so we like wearing our Rothy's. Seriously, half of our editors own a pair or two. My personal favorite are these slip-on canvas options, which are suited for everyday wear. I've worn them with everything, from leggings on the weekends to jeans at the office. Velcro sneakers are cool again, and that's not a surprise if they look like this pair. The colored topstitching adds an artsy edge to the plain kicks and makes the straps pop against the shoes. Even better—not having to tie laces means you're out the door faster. For sneakers that will enhance your mood as soon as you slip them on, try this rainbow and sunburst splattered pair from Soludos. The design was created by Brooklyn-based embroidery artist Marie Sophie Lockhart and has all the "good vibes" to jumpstart your day with. If you're ready for unique white sneakers, these shoes are waiting for you.This high-top sneaker has a major plot twist: the laces are on the back instead of the front. That alone is enough to make me do a double-take on these. Wear with a dress that has slits because you don't want to hide these babies. Hummingbirds and rose-gold colored laces give this sneaker a feminine vibe, if that is what you're looking for. This sweet-as-can-be footwear pairs nicely with more masculine pieces in your wardrobe like trousers or a blazer suit set.  Take the opportunity to show off your funky collection of socks with this see-through high top sneaker. The footwear maintains that clean, crisp white look, but not in a boring conformist way. You'll stand out in a sea of white sneakers with this one.Calvin Klein might be closing its high-end line, but that doesn't mean the brand's disappearing completely. You can still get a pair of shoes covered in the fashion house's logo with this chunky platform select. Embrace the '90s dad sneaker with a modern twist.The addition of shearling to a white sneaker is genius. Your foot will a) be warm b) look cool walking around in this furry footwear. Though it might not be practical for warm weather, it's a good pair to have whenever the temperatures are a little cooler. Is it weird I want to desperately pet this shoe?The perforated holes on this Rag & Bone sneaker will let your feet air out, so they're not trapped in a pool of sweat. The openings add a cool design to the sides and top of the shoe, too. You can skip wearing socks with this sneaker.On the opposite end of the spectrum, this high-top sneaker is a little less intense than the Nike pair. It has that classic silhouette with simple laces, but a bold red patch and tab on the back keeps it colorful and spirited. Don't be afraid to get these a little scuffed. •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter. SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			What? Like it's hard?If the thought of wearing something sheer has you intrigued but scared and, ultimately, confused, you've come to the right place. You see, it's really not that difficult to wear this won't-I-feel-totally-naked look. If there's anything we've learned from the street style crowd and celebrities on the red carpet, it's that the see-through ensemble is doable—and chic. You just need to be smart about the undergarments and clothing items you select to wear underneath. Not surprisingly, finding those layering pieces requires some internet sleuthing. (Don't ask me how long it took to find the below beige bodysuit with plunging neckline. You're welcome.)Since we could all probably use a little help determining how to wear transparent dresses in real life, I've gone ahead and dreamt up five sheer yet totally wearable outfits. They range from a work-appropriate ensemble (sheer to the office, daring!) to a definitely NSFW party look. Hopefully, this convinces you to buy that sheer dress you've been eyeing because, yes, you can 100-percent pull it off.Baby steps: Try the see-through dress/tunic look at the beach first, if you're not ready for the streets. No one will be staring as everyone's already striped down to their skivvies. This lightweight embroidered dress from Zara goes on easily over a bikini or one-piece swimsuit. You won't have to worry about steaming this piece while on vacay either, as it has natural worn-in wrinkles. Pair with a woven beach bag and your comfiest sandals and you're ready to head straight to souvenir shopping. Shop the pieces: 1. Zara tunic, $90; 2. Marysia scallop bikini top, $165, 3. Marsia scallop bikini bottom, $150; 4. Jadetribe basket tote, $198; 5. Alias Mae sandals, $170The inspiration for this outfit comes from models like Kendall Jenner and Elsa Hosk, who love to wear sheer gowns to glamorous parties. This dress stands out thanks to all the sequins and embellishments (hold the disco ball, please). All you need is a beige bodysuit underneath—with a plunging neckline to match the dress—and a pair of heels made for dancing. Go bold or go home, right?Shop the pieces: 1. LoveShackFancy sequin tulle dress, $825; 2. Free People bodysuit, $30; 3. Gorjana stud earrings, $32; 4. Sondra Roberts clutch, $160; 5. Schutz heel, $180 This eyelet dress comes with a detachable slip, which means you can turn that modest charm on or off depending on your mood. For the office, you probably want to wear this dress with the lining, but on the weekends, let your favorite undergarments peek through the design. (It won't be as noticeable as you think if you wear white.) Let this be your go-to little white dress for summer.Shop the pieces: 1. Aritzia dress, $178; 2. True & Co. bralette, $32; 3. True & Co. underwear, $16; 4. Serpui Marie fish clutch, $299; 5. BaubleBar resin hoops, $36; 6. Steven Greece slides, $79Don't forget: You can absolutely wear regular clothes underneath a sheer number. If a bodysuit and denim jeans is your favorite type of outfit, all you have to do is layer this silk organza dress on top. It'll add dimension and intrigue to your everyday outfit. Plus, the all-black is perfect if that's your color palette year-round. Shop the pieces: 1. Rodebjer floral print dress, $645;  2. Wolford bodysuit, $195;  3. DSTLD skinny jeans, $85; 4. Mango bucket bag, $80; 5. Botkier mules, $138This minidress looks great over a bikini, and can be re-worked for day-to-day activities with a bandeau bralette and denim shorts. Think of it as an extra layer on top of your summer outfit. Complete your look with tangy orange accessories like a pair of slides and beaded bag to show off your good mood. This ensemble deserves an Instagram #OOTD.Shop the pieces: 1. Onia minidress, $245; 2. Commando bandeau bra, $58; 3. Rag & Bone shorts, $195; 4. Loeffler Randall beaded bag, $295; 5. Maryam Nassir Zadeh slides, $410•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			New twists on these iconic shoes prove they can make the transition from day to night. Step into our favorite shoe trend for spring: the strappy sandal. Here, Lexi Cross of Shoes Of, an Instagram account dedicated to footwear street style, shares why you're about to see these on the feet of women everywhere this season. (Keep scrolling for the pairs we're adding to our shopping cart.)Marie Claire: Are you seeing more strappy sandals? Lexi Cross: I’m a sneaker girl, but I’m happy to welcome strappy heels back. The styling we’re seeing is fun—strappy sandals (especially with kitten heels) paired with lots of playful patterned socks or worn with a wide-leg culotte or flirty skirt. MC: How have you seen designers get more creative with them this season? LC: Designers are doing fresh things: adding texture and crystal embellishments and using metallics and different materials like feathers. I’m also seeing a lot of angular shapes—a very intentional square toe or sculptural heel. Today’s strappy sandal has a bit of that ’90s influence, but it’s more refined, less chunky. MC: What version is your favorite? LC: I love a strappy heel that ties around the ankle. There’s something about barely there straps and a slight heel that laces around the leg that’s super flattering. What’s great about this type of shoe is its versatility. There are a lot of options for every occasion and every type of woman.  •••This article originally appeared in the March 2019 issue of Marie Claire.  SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The dress code is deceptively simple.The dress code for the Kentucky Derby is deceptively simple: Wear your best, boldest hat or fascinator with a cute little dress. (Or, if you want to try something a little different, a floral jumpsuit.) The race, which takes place in Louisville, Kentucky, has over 150,000 attendees every year, not to mention countless TV viewers all over the country, and it's a chance for guests to show off their best springtime looks.If you're not sure what to wear on race day, I've put together five outfits for the event. The ensembles even work for polo matches, should you want to channel your inner Kate Middleton, or your couch if you're feeling fancy. Even better, if you take out the hats and fascinators, you can wear any of these outfits to that spring/summer bridal shower or wedding.It might feel a little dangerous to wear a white dress to a Derby (stains! spills!), but nothing will feel more feminine and springtime appropriate than a crisp white ensemble. The dress on the left has all those feminine and preppy details the event calls for. This look will also serve as the perfect backdrop for pastel accessories like blush-colored sandals or a pink Cult Gaia handbag. Shop the pieces: 1. Sensi Studio hat, $205; 2. Juliet Dunn wrap dress, $284; 3. Cult Gaia clutch, $318; 4. Jennifer Zeuner jewelry, $154; 5. Topshop heeled sandals, $75Over 150,000 people attend the Kentucky Derby IRL, so to stand out you’ll have to dress in your boldest springtime prints. Enter this Rhode Resort dress with its oversized marigold floral designs. You’ll be spotted from a mile away. Pair with a floppy hat that says “you’re blocking my sun,” and everyone will take note, making a path for you to walk by. Espadrille sandals and a woven clutch add the finishing touches to your sunny outfit. Shop the pieces: 1. Eugenia Kim hat, $495; 2. Rhode Resort dress, $298;  3. Kayu wicker clutch, $250;  4. Dolce Vita sandal, $70Though wearing your brightest brights to a race is suggested, you can still get away with an all-black look. (The classic hue works for any occasion, including races.) Keep it classy with a square neckline dress and make sure your hat or fascinator has some combination of feathers and lace or other embellishments. This will give your dark outfit some extra style points.Shop the pieces: 1. Etsy hat, $53; 2. Leith black dress, $49;  3. Oscar de la Renta earrings, $150; 4. Parisa Wang bag, $295;  5. Mango ankle-cuff sandals, $40A smart jumpsuit works just as well, if not better than a dress, for the day's activities. This strapless piece from Zimmermann checks off all those Southern Belle vibes for race-day attire. It's sweet and feminine without feeling overly cutesy. Top it off with a floral pink hat to match the print on your one piece.Shop the pieces: 1. San Diego Hat Company hat, $100; 2. Zimmermann floral jumpsuit, $530; 3. Clare V. woven bag, $275; 4. Kaanas sandal, $119You'll find the middle ground between vibrant florals and plain black with this navy dress. The romantic lace keeps it Derby-appropriate while the darker hue looks classy. The statement piece in this outfit will be the blue hat, which almost perfectly matches the dress. It has the tiniest pop of pink for color and style. Accessorize with black accessories and take your seat to enjoy the race.Shop the pieces: 1. Caprilite hat, $23; 2. ASTR bodycon dress, $85; 3. Santi pearl clutch, $195;  4. Zara leather sandals, $90•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			 An oldie but a goodie.The Duchess of Cambridge has been wowing us with an array of colorful outfits this week, from her red double-breasted Catherine Walker coat to a purple bow blouse. She hit pause on the color train, however, when she attended the Portrait Gala in London. Kate stepped out Tuesday night in a cap-sleeved black dress with white and green floral print. The Alexander McQueen number had a black sash around Kate's waist and a tiered bottom that swept the ground. Her wavy hair cascaded down to her shoulders and framed her face.In short, she looked amazing. The dress was definitely tailored to her silhouette and super fans will notice an important detail about the look. The designer gown looked like a replica of the one she wore to the 2017 BAFTAs. Albeit, this version has cap sleeves and her McQueen dress from two years ago was strapless.  Kate wearing McQueen tonight:The two dresses side by side:If the Duchess of Cambridge did indeed ask the fashion house to add sleeves to her old gown from 2017, that would be genius. Of course we wouldn't be surprised if this was an entirely new gown either, just with different details, as her fans know Kate likes to own thing in multiples. (We've received out to the brand for a comment.) Regardless, the Duchess looks really freaking good tonight.  You can't shop her current dress as it's likely custom made, but we found similar options that are just as sweet and pretty, below.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			As for the money you save? Spend it on rosé.In the spring and summer, my credit card bills are always a little higher. Maybe it's the floral jumpsuit I couldn't resist buying, or the third round of margaritas...or the online shopping I did after said margaritas. Whatever the case, I know I shop more when the weather's nicer and I can show off my newest dresses, handbags, and sandals. If you're nodding along, then you'll understand—you just can't splurge on every new trend, especially for bags. The bills would be insane! So in an effort to be a smarter shopper, I found 13 of spring's newest and best handbags—all under $50. And, now you have room in the budget for margs or rosé.Retailers are pumping out beaded bags for you to buy this season. For a budget-friendly option, head to Urban Outfitters to snag this pink one for only $14. Then, stuff it with a cute wallet or your favorite sunscreen for summer. Here's a transparent bag that's fashionable and functional. An interior pocket hides all your miscellaneous items, from tampons to lipstick, yet still looks cool inside a clear plastic tote. I'm also loving the contemporary bamboo handles. Whether you're heading to the farmer's market or to the beach, this stretch netted bag is necessary for all your belongings. Granted, sand will get into the holes, but also it's much easier to get sand out of your bag. Plus, think of all the plastic bags you won't be contributing to landfills. Maybe you don't take accessorizing super-seriously, which is why you're completely drawn to this aqua-blue bag with large lemon prints. It exudes the spring/summer vibes you've been craving these past few months. Style it with a summer dress or jeans—the options are endless.Let this sporty accessory be your go-to for all types of excursions from music festivals to hikes. With adjustable straps, you can wear this across your body or as a backpack. Don't be afraid to get this bag a little dirty or scuffed either, since it won't show up nearly as much on black.Unsure about the whole woven/wicker trend? Test it out first with this affordable option from Zara. It's a little different than the other circular bags you've seen since it has wooden handles. A small touch goes a long way in style. Instead of plain drawstrings, this bucket bag comes with a green floral scarf to cinch your bag closed. The tiny but unique detail makes it worth buying, and it's only $28. Handbag trends come and go, which is why this $30 belt bag is the best way to wear the trend without depleting your checking account. Aesthetically, it looks as luxe as its designer counterparts and it comes in two versatile colors for your outfits. All the signs point to buy it. Diversify your handbag collection with this crossbody bucket bag. It even incorporated spring's latest trend, a drawstring pouch as lining, to make it more useable given its cutout design. When the days feel longer and everything feels lighter and more fun, take this pastel pink crossbody bag out of the closet. The soft shade is great for anyone who shies away from bolder colors, but wants to swap out their darker winter handbags. A clutch might not be big enough to hold everything you need for that wedding, so consider this bag as an alternative. The burdungy colored plastic, plus gold handles, makes it look fancy with whatever dress you're wearing. A furry bag might not be at the top of your wish list, but once you have it, you won't let it go. Despite its small size, it can hold a water bottle, wallet, umbrella, and keys. (I have a similar one and, yes, have stuffed it to the max with items during fashion week.)Sneak a little snake print into your outfit with this baby blue crossbody bag. It's the perfect nighttime accessory for summer—dressy but not too dressy.  Suitable for trendy cocktail bars or casual breweries. •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's a different look for the Duchess.Deciding what to wear to work each morning can often be a real drag, and if you’re currently stuck firmly in a rut when it comes to dressing smartly for your workplace, look no further than your BFF, Duchess of Sussex Kate Middleton. Of course, your royal gal is always delivering on the wardrobe inspiration front, and today is no exception.Having spent yesterday at the Commonwealth Day service with the rest of the fab four, Kate’s week continues to be full of engagements—and that means a very pleasing supply of lovely outfits. First up on today’s agenda, the Duchess headed to the Henry Fawcett Children’s Centre in London, a nursery school where she’ll learn about support available for parents, carers and children.For the unannounced, low-key visit, Kate opted for something a little different to her usual style. Following the news that she and sister-in-law Meghan Markle are often swapping fashion advice behind the scenes, Kate chose a somewhat Meghan-esque pants and blouse combo. While there's no professional photos so far, her full, dreamy outfit was captured in pictures by royal reporter, Rebecca English.The Duchess of Cambridge is on a low-key visit to a children’s centre in south London to learn more about support being offered to youngsters and their families. Kate, 37, is visiting the Henry Fawcett Centre in Kenningto to see how the Lambeth Early Action Partnership works. pic.twitter.com/GNRsvM1lkWToday The Duchess of Cambridge is visiting the Henry Fawcett Children’s Centre @HF_CC to see how @LeapLambeth are using the Parent and Infant Relationship Service (PAIRS) to support parents, carers and their children. pic.twitter.com/zsz57oeHS1Ditching her usual dresses, the Duchess of Cambridge looked effortlessly chic and seriously cool in a lavender colored Gucci bow blouse with flowing long sleeves, paired with high waisted, black Jigsaw trousers and a sleek box bag. Workwear inspiration complete.Later today, Kate will presumably opt for a quick outfit change, and head back out for a swanky evening at the National Portrait Gallery’s Portrait Gala. There’s likely to be a gown involved, which is always very good news.If you have your eye on Kate's pretty, purple Gucci blouse, then you can pick one up for yourself below. Be quick, though.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			What? Someone has to keep track.No matter what year it is, the naked dress will always reign supreme. For award season this year, celebrities showed up left and right in see-through gowns or jumpsuits. That inspired us—okay, me—to keep track of the sheerest outfits and how they were worn. Why? Curiosity, for one. Plus, naked dresses always make you do a double take at the person wearing it. You would think by now I'd be tired of this trend, but it's the opposite. I've become even more obsessed with discovering the latest bold, sheer outfit. Although I have yet to wear one myself to an event, I will surely take notes on how to style it from the ladies ahead.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here).This might be my favorite look on Emma Roberts ever. She arrived for Vanity Fair's Oscars After-Party in a Yanina Couture dress, looking ever so glamorous and elegant. The actress proved naked gowns can be sheer and still feel tasteful. At Vanity Fair's Oscars after-party, the model made sure all eyes were on her in this Rami Kadi black dress.At Vanity Fair's Oscars after-party, Hough arrived in a caramel-colored J Mendel dress. It was sheer, though not as see-through as Emma Roberts'. The dancer styled her gown with a Rodo clutch, H Stern jewelry, and Brian Atwood shoes. For The Art of Elysium's 12th annual celebration, Ratajkowski wore a sheer red dress from Dundas with side and back cut-outs. The model and actress is no stranger to boldly showing a little skin (just take a peek at her Instagram).  If the reality star was going for a bondage look, she mastered it. Kim wore this cutout Thierry Mugler haute couture dress from the spring/summer 1998 collection while attending the fifth annual Hollywood Beauty Awards on February 17. The singer looked like a pearl in this vintage Mugler pink shell dress at the Grammys. While her lower half was wrapped up in the black fabric, her top half was left exposed to the elements in this "birth of Venus" look. Ronan wore this custom Gucci dress to the Golden Globe Awards. The plunging neckline gown was made of delicate silver threads that draped over her frame and showed just a bit of skin here and there when she walked. Dewan attended the InStyle and Warner Bros. Golden Globe Awards after-party in an Azzaro gown. From the right side it seemed like a regular dress, but once she turned to her left you can make out the dramatic cut-out design and sexy side slit. She wore a pair of Giuseppe Zanotti heels and Norman Silverman jewelry.  Seems like models love to wear beaded sheer dresses, huh? The 22-year-old star rocked this Georges Hobeika thigh-high slit dress to the amfAR Gala in New York City.Scoles turned to the side for the cameras at the Golden Globes so she could show off that see-through vine design. The mermaid-style gown was one of the more daring options for the night. If you're going to wear a bra on the red carpet, definitely pick a bedazzled one. Brie nailed this Cinderella-meets-the-red-carpet ensemble in custom Vera Wang at the Golden Globes.One of the first to arrive on the Golden Globes red carpet, Cavallari wore an AMEN beaded dress. The gown had strategic mesh paneling across the chest, sleeves, and sides for sexy see-through detailing.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Psst: They're stomach-smoothing, too.How are you doing with that "exercise more" New Year's resolution? Thought so. While great workout gear might not be a cure-all to get you into the gym, a good pair of workout leggings can bump your motivation. We've already tested the best workout leggings, but there's a new pair of leggings on the block that Amazon users can't stop talking about — and they're only $11.These high-waisted leggings by Leggings Depot are not only insanely affordable, but they're also well-loved by Amazon reviewers. They boast a whopping 7.6k five-star reviews, and users are obsessing over their "incredibly soft and stretchy" fit. Thousands agree these are "buttery soft, warm, and not see-through!"One reviewer swears: "They aren't messing around with the high waist capabilities; they come up above the smallest part of my waist when pulled up all the way, which I love." The smoothing waistband means that these leggings will stay put exactly where you want them, so you can wear them to yoga class or even pair with a cute sweater during the day. Sick of show-through on your favorite leggings? Don't worry: "They are not see-through at all," says one buyer, and many reviewers agree they're totally opaque across sizes, which range from small-5X. No wonder they rank as some of the most popular Women's Leggings on Amazon. Cute leggings for $11? I don't know about you, but I'm sold.  From: Good Housekeeping US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			In Silicon Valley, when everyone dresses down, she dresses up.In a bi-weekly series, we're interviewing female executives, founders, CEOs—basically, boss ladies—on their one "power suit" a.k.a. the outfit they wear every day for easy dressing to conquer whatever the job throws at them.Sukhinder Singh Cassidy is someone I would say "has done it all." The tech entrepreneur and innovator has worked in leadership positions for Google, Amazon, and Polyvore. She founded Joyus, a video shopping platform for women, which was later acquired by StackCommerce. She went on to launch theBoardlist, a talent market place where women can be nominated and discovered for boards by CEOs. Most recently, Cassidy joined StubHub as its president. (I'll give you a few minutes to take this all in.)At the time of our chat, Cassidy had been at StubHub for about nine months. "It's been a fun journey so far," she says. "I get to embroil myself in entertainment and sports. It’s been interesting to learn how that side of the business really works." In addition to her StubHub pride (she admits she isn't usually a logo-gear wearer, but has come to love the company cardigan), Cassidy is also immensely proud of her passion project, theBoardlist, which is now three years old. "Half my career has been about entrepreneurship and the other half has been about empowering women," she says. "Not because I think I'm so great at it, but because I think we need more solutions to empower them. We need to solve it from a top-down approach. That is, by putting women on boards for big companies and not at entry-level positions." Cassidy believes women should own their power—both in what they do and how they dress and approach life. On that note, we launched into a conversation about her office attire as president of a mammoth company like StubHub and the head of a brand that's all about female empowerment. Read on for insights into how she suits up to take on the day ahead. (Spoiler alert: This boss loves a good heel.)Her Morning Routine"If I'm working out, I wake up at 6:15 a.m. I aim for this three or four days out of the week, but usually it ends up being two days a week. I'll lift or go for a run. On the weekends, I'll play tennis. From 7:15 a.m. to 8 a.m., I try to fit in breakfast, get the kids ready for school (I have three; my eldest son is in college), and get myself out the door. I live in Menlo Park, California, and StubHub's office is in San Francisco, so I do have a commute, which lands me in the office by 9:30 a.m. From there my days vary, but I'd say it's some combination of this: 60/20/20. By that, I mean 60 percent of the time I am in internal meetings and optimizing some part of StubHub's business. Twenty percent of the time I am recruiting, and the latter 20 percent is external, whether that's speaking to the press and on engagements or participating in outward facing communications. Basically, I explain what I do and try to sell StubHub's vision to partners and clients."Her Getting Dressed Strategy"Women are in this weird space compared to men. There's a 'don’t focus on the way you dress and focus on what you do' aspect. For me though, I definitely use the clothes I wear to inspire my own sense of self-confidence. If I feel really good, I'm going to go into the office and get what I want done the way I want it to happen. There's definitely a positive, mental attitude for me that goes with getting dressed and looking good. In Silicon Valley, I actually think the status quo is to look like you're not dressed up, including women, and there's a pressure to conform and be casual. I'm the opposite. I consider my 'dressy' outfit a uniform. It's the armor I wear to work, not because someone is challenging me, but because it makes me feel confident. Everyone has a uniform, whether they admit it or not (venture capitalists all wear khakis, some colored shirt, and a vest). Own it. My job is to own my look and if people associate me with that specific style, great." "My go-to look is simple. It’s a blazer, a shell (a.k.a top), jeans, and nude heels. My blazers have to be tailored and structured. They come in every color, from black to blues and reds, and I even own a floral one. As for jeans, I'm open to all styles, from skinny to ripped. For shoes, the heels can be skinny or chunky, but always heels. I wear them for height and for confidence. It's funny because StubHub has a very casual culture, but I'm not a casual dresser. I am working on putting more laidback pieces into my work wardrobe, though. You'll laugh at this, but I just shipped eight different pairs of sneakers to my house in order to find one fashionable pair. (I am not a sneaker person.) I have a camel pair coming, a bunch of rose and tan colored ones, lace and no laces. I am on the hunt for two pairs, preferably with height, for work. However, nine out of 10 times I am in a blazer, shirt, jeans, and heels. I haven't let the valley feeling get to me."  "Structured, colorful, and confident.""I think most people would say my philosophy in life is all in. When I say 'all in,' that bleeds into two different things: On the weekends, I don’t want my time to be structured and planned. I want to be all in with my kids and relaxing, so I feel no need to schedule a breakfast or brunch or sports activities. People would find me remarkably not type-A on the weekends. At the office, I’m all in. I'm hard at work. There is no in-between for me." For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The Erdem piece is such a great color.While the rest of us focus on caffeine and contemplation for this bright and early Monday morning, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex have jumped straight into royal duty, arriving at Canada House in London for their latest appearance. During their visit, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle will meet Canadians from the worlds of arts, business, and academia to discuss opportunities for young people working in the Commonwealth.So it makes total sense that, for a morning celebrating all things Canada, and as an ex-Toronto resident herself, Meghan would opt to showcase national talent in her outfit, too. Selecting an Erdem piece in a nod to Canada, the Duchess of Sussex looked regal, elegant, and snuggly, as she wrapped up warm in a dark, forest green coat. Meghan chose to style the coat with her trusty black Aquazzura bow pumps and a simple small clutch, as well as her go-to effortless up-do hairstyle.The piece is straight from Erdem's recently unveiled autumn/winter 2019 collection, and features a statement 50's collar with sequined floral embellishment on the shoulders, arms, and body. Meghan's version features a little less detail than on the catwalk, however, and is likely to be custom-made for the Duchess. She also appears to be wearing a matching dress underneath.And, it’s probably just a sweet coincidence, but Meghan’s unusual coat choice comes just a couple of days after reports that the Duchess of Sussex has been turning to her sister-in-law for fashion advice. Kate, who’s been loving wearing similar shades of green as of late for nearly all of her royal appearances, would definitely approve of this look.The coat also echoes an outfit Princess Diana wore when pregnant with William in Bristol, England:PSA for anyone who's considering treating themselves to a new winter coat—green is officially Duchess-approved.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			There are brands who talk about empowering women to feed into the timely narrative, and then there are brands who are actually doing it by providing inclusive sizing and a genuine presence in women's everyday lives. Sometimes it's hard to discover the ones in the latter group, especially when the first item that pops up when Googling "feminist gifts" is that "The Future Is Female" t-shirt everyone and their mother owns. Here, we rounded up the perfect gifts for the badass women in your life that speak to everything feminism stands for—equality, empowerment, and freedom—from brands that are doing it right. Harper Wilde's limited-edition “Together” bra is a daily reminder that women can and should lean on each other for support. For every bra purchased, five percent of sales will go towards the National Organization for Women whose mission is to "protect the rights of women and marginalized communities across the country." Keep a copy of Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie's We Should All Be Feminists close to you. Then give it to all of your male friends.@FindingPaola, founder of @Fanmdjanm, created this cute Gap tee so women can feel empowered on International Women's Day and everyday. If she's an SNL fan, encourage your friend to indulge in a little self-care and light up this candle with feminist icons Tina Fey and Amy Poehler. Without resilience, we wouldn't be able to fight the hate and misogyny women experience on a daily basis. This card case is a reminder of that. Where would we be without our girlfriends? This fun circle tote is too good not to get one for your best friend...and yourself. Before we are feminists, we are humans. For each 100% Human product sold, like this cute cotton tee, Everlane will donate $5 to the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU).Gloria Steinem, Amelia Earhart, Ruth Bader Ginsberg. Spend a Friday night in with this "Nevertheless She Persisted" puzzle piecing together inspirational quotes from some of history's most empowering women. In her stunning memoir, Becoming, former First Lady Michelle Obama leads by example in owning your power no matter who you are or where you came from. See what Marie Claire's online book club, #ReadWithMC, thought of the memoir here. She'll love to lounge around in this simple, limited-edition crew neck t-shirt. 50 percent of the proceeds will support Girls Inc., which aims to empower young women through advocacy and education. Alala's hoodie says it all: We are strong. We are courageous. We are empowered. At the end of a long day year resisting the patriarchy, we all just need to sit down on the couch and pour ourselves a good ol' glass of wine. Winc partnered with New York Times best-selling poet Atticus to create a collection of bottles that remind us of the love we deserve to receive. Have you seen a more perfect addition to a jean jacket than this "Get Information" pin? Chromat's inclusivity is visible on its runways. It feels good to support a brand who makes it their mission to celebrate women of all shapes and sizes on a daily basis. Plus, this racerback one-piece is just really cute. Amanda Lovelace, a champion of feminism through her brilliant works of poetry, created a 2019 "Women Are Some Kind of Magic" calendar with necessary reminders like, "Repeat after me: You owe no one your forgiveness." Janelle Monáe's Dirty Computer, released last April, is a 14-track celebration of feminism with its unapologetic lyrics (hello, "Make Me Feel") and music videos that demonstrate the power of female sexuality (see: "PYNK"). Hello, I would like to request this RE/DONE "Not Yours, Never Was" shirt to wear after every male interaction I have.  Honor women like Serena Williams, Rosa Parks, Hillary Clinton, and Frida Kahlo by wearing this lightweight scarf. It features hand-drawn illustrations that represent each women's mark on history. Incase they needed another reminder that it's our bodies and we can do what we want with them. Eyes up here, folks. If she takes her laptop with her everywhere, she might as well add a little message of resistance on it with these super affordable girl power stickers. When you want to get the message across a little differently, Eileen Fisher's "The Future Is Female" morse code t-shirt gets the job done. In Helena Rackitt's The Art of Feminism, the author illustrates how feminists have shaped our world today through beautiful art from 1857 to 2017. Use it as decor for your coffee table after delving into all 272 pages.  After equal pay and the freedom to choose, that's all it really comes down to, right? •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Tory Burch doesn't want women to be afraid to go after what they want. That's why she created the Tory Burch Foundation and its empowering #EmbraceAmbition panels, a five-city series of discussions (Dallas, NYC, San Francisco, Chicago, and Philadelphia) intended to educate women on topics on like entrepreneurship, workplace issues, and how to combat unconscious bias.  "At our Embrace Ambition Summit last year, I saw first-hand the power behind shared stories and collective action. Mobilizing around common values is a powerful tool to effect change," Burch tells MarieClaire.com. "There is so much we can learn from each other about resilience, drive, and achievement. I hope our attendees come away [from the panels] inspired."As any entrepreneur will tell you, discomfort and innovation go hand-in-hand. The Tory Burch Foundation, formed in 2009, is a non-profit organization that supports women entrepreneurs. It offers opportunities for mentoring, networking, funding, and guidance on how to start your own business with its entrepreneurial education program and Fellows Program, which has provided over $600,000 in grants to help women grow their businesses. Its capital program with Bank of America has given over 2,500 women entrepreneurs $46 million in loans through community development financial institutions (CDFIs) as well. The 2019 #EmbraceAmbition speaker series, hosted during the first week of Women's History Month, brings together women across the country to discuss entrepreneurship and how to follow our ambition in all aspects of our lives. "Starting your own business is scary, especially when you have your name on the door. That fear doesn’t go away, unfortunately. As any entrepreneur will tell you, discomfort and innovation go hand-in-hand," explains Burch, who started her fashion label in 2004. "That said, we want women to walk into any situation armed with information. Our Foundation’s website is a great resource with articles on everything from how to set up payroll to tips on speaking to venture capitalists." Even if you aren't planning to start your own company, Burch believes every woman should embrace her ambition. "It’s about dreaming big and owning your aspirations," she says.The NYC panel, taking place on International Women's Day March 8, 2019 at The Brooklyn Museum, will include a conversation with Tory Burch, Tory Burch Foundation President Laurie Fabiano, Equal Pay Activist Lilly Ledbetter, Multidisciplinary Artist Le'Andra Leseur, and Visual Artist Marilyn Minter. Watch the panel live starting at 6:30 p.m. below: Find out how to attend the Tory Burch Foundation's #EmbraceAmbition series next year here. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The most talked-about event of the spring? Coachella. Tickets go on sale a full year before the festival itself, and past headliners include Lady Gaga, Beyoncé, and Calvin Harris. Once your ticket box comes in, you'll want to start thinking about Coachella outfits for 2019. What you wear to the festival is important, given the cool-girl scene and the many, many Instagram opportunities (pro tip: the Ferris wheel is a hotspot). This year, Ariana Grande is closing the three-day long event. Given the year the singer has had, from billboard hits like "Thank U, Next" to her very public break-up with Pete Davidson, it's already looking to be an unmissable festival. I can already feel the excitement in the air (also, my sister just 'grammed her coveted Coachella wristlets).Traditionally, festival-goers are down to wear just about everything, from designer dresses to just a bikini top and denim shorts. In short: You want to stand out. Well, unless you're Leonardo DiCaprio, in which case you want to hide in a hoodie and hope no one recognizes you. But if hoodies aren't in your vocabulary, then proceed ahead for some Coachella outfit inspo.Model Alessandra Ambrosio has attended Coachella almost every year since 2009, so she's mastered festival attire. One of my favorite outfits of hers is this distressed cropped denim jacket with a sweetheart-neckline minidress. This versatile look serves as a good foundation to tack on cute accessories like a fanny pack (a must for any festival), a choker, and sunglasses. A pair of slightly beat-up sneakers add a sense of casualness to the look, so bring your most worn-in kicks. Post-Coachella, toss those dirty babies out.The fashion at Coachella is breezy and free-spirited. A flowy maxi dress like the one Jamie Chung's wearing will help you channel this energy. There's also benefits to being in a long dress: the fabric will protect your skin from that fiery afternoon sun and provide you warmth when the temperatures drop at night. Once you've decided on your maxi (I love a good floral print), style it with your comfiest sandals. A smart footwear choice makes standing for hours to see your favorite artists much more bearable. You don't want to miss Ariana Grande. Anything goes at this music festival, meaning you can show up in as much, or as little, clothing as you want. Toe the line with a sheer dress or cover-up and a bodysuit underneath. I suggest going for a kimono-like piece with lace and embroidery (it'll look pretty against the backdrop of palm trees) and touching up your outfit with statement accessories. Though skip the weighty necklaces and chokers in favor of a fun crossbody bag. It won't be fun if they're weighing you down as you dance.Dig out that denim skirt from the back of your closet and let it shine at Coachella. This summertime piece is as easy to pair with any tops in your closet as denim shorts. Go with a poufy shoulder, like Aimee Song, or tuck a bodysuit into your bottoms. To comfortably sit cross-legged on the grass in your skirt, wear Spanx or boy shorts underneath. There's no argument here: denim shorts are a must for Coachella. On your third and final day at the festival, you'll realize being comfortable is more important than taking one more Instagram in your cute-but-impractical jumpsuit with a hard-to-reach back zipper. Shorts are much more restroom-friendly than one pieces. To make your bottoms stand out in the crowd, wrap a cool belt around your waist or style with a crop top that will show off that body chain. Still feeling adventurous? Go for a denim-on-denim look with a jean jacket. Aside from the fact you'll find yourself half-naked in the bathroom stall if you wear a romper or jumpsuit, one-pieces are easy to throw on for a three-day weekend in the desert. And, even easier to pack than separates as they're space-savers in a carry-on. Zoë Kravitz shows us an effortless but edgy way to pull off this look with platform booties and a gold choker. Not a fan? You can wear variations of her look by replacing combat boots with sneakers or sandals and a choker with earrings and a light cardigan. Last but not least, I can't end this post without including a floral piece like this billowy boho blouse. You'll see this print all over festival outfits, so the best way to stand out is by wearing your version. Go with yellow, lilacs, or red hues and add a finishing touch with a bandana or scarf. Also: This will come in handy for your face/eyes as you walk from the parking lot to the actual festival grounds, as the path is extremely dusty.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Twins!At this point, I don't question why any of the Kardashians wear what they wear. Case in point: Kim in her sheer leopard print catsuit. The star was photographed leaving her hotel and arriving at BFF Olivier Rousteing's in Paris in the fierce ensemble. Like me, you probably thought: Was this outfit for a photoshoot? Did Rousteing design it for Kim? What is happening? It turns out the catsuit was by none other than Azzedine Alaïa, and this wasn't the first time Kim channeled her inner feline. Earlier in the week, the star had posed in another Alaïa leopard print creation and posted a photo to Instagram with the caption, "You don’t understand...this is an Alaïa." The archival piece was from the designer's Fall 1991 collection and was worn by supermodel Deon Bray. Kim is a fan of the late designer's look, and she totally rocked both one-pieces. The star was such a fan of the second look she also shared several Instagrams of her posing on a chair, on the ledge of a bathtub, and on the bed. This time, she topped off the lewk with a Parisian beret. And, as one of our editors pointed out, Kim looked like a real-life version of Disney's The Aristocats. How très chic. The side-by-side proof:Kim's original 'gram:  An a whatta???A post shared by  Kim Kardashian West (@kimkardashian) on Mar 6, 2019 at 5:11pm PSTHer previous leopard one-piece look: You don’t understand...this is an AlaiaA post shared by  Kim Kardashian West (@kimkardashian) on Mar 5, 2019 at 9:53am PSTWill this be Kim's last cat-centric look? I will keep you posted, so stay tuned.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Let's be honest—nobody in your family cares what you wear to this year's Easter festivities, but if you're going to spend the weekend rotating between church and stealing chocolate from your little cousins, you might as well look good doing it. Ahead, 15 cute-but-family-appropriate Easter dresses that can also double for the office.This lightweight crepe minidress screams Easter brunch with the family. Re-wear it on a Saturday afternoon at the park or as a cute beach cover-up. This chevron stripe maxi dress is patiently waiting to be worn for a untraditional casual day of Easter festivities. Read: watching TV and playing board games after you decided to skip church. (We won't tell.) On the other hand, there's this straight-from-Church-to-dinner dress that's also waiting for you.Somebody stop me from ordering this floral GANNI wrap dress immediately. It's just the right mix of stylish and elegant, and can be worn to the office all summer.The perfect pleated dress exists. Throw on a leather jacket if you want to make the outfit a bit edgier. For a sophisticated, worry-free pick of eating too many marshmallow peeps, choose this button-down t-shirt dress. Throw on a belt around the waist for a more flattering fit.Behold: The official Easter Egg Hunt denim dress that will pair perfectly with sandals (watching the little cousins search for them) or sneakers (making it a personal mission to find the eggs before they do). Okay, so this might not be the best option if you want to avoid grass stains, but the brilliant asymmetrical detailing is fully worth skipping the chocolate for a pic on the 'gram instead. Trust. Put on this super affordable Zara slip dress over a white t-shirt and assure Grandma you wouldn't dare wear it without anything underneath. If you don't have time to think about all of the comments your conservative family will make on your outfit, this classic tweed dress is a safe, bullshit-free pick. Oh, this old thing? Sometimes a girl just needs to look like the best, fanciest version of herself and this silk wrap dress does the trick. The best part about this boatneck long-sleeve floral dress? It can also be worn out to dinner with girlfriends. Those who prefer a more bohemian style will appreciate this flowy, floral embroidered dress.A romantic floral dress with ruffled trims belongs in every woman's closet, Easter or not. Grab a pair of thigh-high boots if it's a little cooler outside. At first glance it's hard to see how lightweight this midi dress is. Add the tie-waist and puffed shoulders, and you look the hard-working professional your family knows and loves.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter. SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			My most committed and long-term relationship.In our biweekly series, editors share "the item they wear to death," whether it be a basic white tee or a super-trendy jumpsuit. Prepare yourself (and your credit card) for some guilt-free shopping.As much as I was really into my inflatable furniture, extensive Beanie Baby collection, and Spice Girls-esque union jack dress, the sad truth is that I was born in the wrong decade. Despite being a fully-fledged '90s baby—arriving into Liverpool, England, during the golden age of 1991—I should have categorically been around in the '80s. Like, I’m actually kind of mad about it.At least, that’s if my taste in fashion is anything to go by. Whether from passionately raiding vintage stores to find hidden, previously loved gems, or just literally typing “80s” into ASOS and hoping for the best, I've amassed a small collection of slightly retro styles. It's become my go-to look. There’s something about the era that’s just painfully cool and, while I, myself, am about as cool as the inside of a freshly microwaved hot pocket, adding an 80s influence to my every day outfits is a great way to conceal that fact.Luckily for me, it’s never been easier to look like a member of Bananrama than since purchasing my baby. I’m talking about my ASOS oversized leather jacket, or the jacket of my dreams, as I like to refer to it in casual conversation. Sure, paying almost £100 for it left me clutching at my internal organs, but the cost per wear of this bad boy is probably down to about three pence by now (about four cents to you Americans). Barely a day goes by that it’s not on my body, and barely a day goes by that a stranger doesn’t ask me where I got it. Tartan kecks could have been a disastrously dodgy purchase, but I’m kinda loving them 😍👌🏻🍂 Hope you’re all having a nice cosy Sunday (also new video later this evening woo woo) ✨ #averagegirlsize ✨ Follow me on the LIKEtoKNOW.it app to see where my outfit is from and shop it directly for yourself 👌🏻 #liketkit #LTKcurves #LTKeurope @liketoknow.it @liketoknow.it.europe http://liketk.it/2ysnR (📸: @adamgbull for his sins)A post shared by  Lucy Wood (@lucyjanewood) on Nov 25, 2018 at 6:20am PSTFor the past 10 years, I’ve been on the hunt for the ultimate vintage leather jacket, popping in and out of thrift stores, but unfortunately it always ended up looking like I’d raided the wardrobe of my late Uncle Geoffrey. Plus, the clothes usually smell like him too. Luckily, ASOS exists in this world, and the phrase “fake it ’til you make it” has never been so apt. Had a cute lil night with my pal Jenny last night at one of my absolute faves @byronhamburgers 🍔🍟🧀 They’re doing burger and fries from £8.75, so what more could two slightly skint gals need in life 🙌🏻 Plus a side of beer, catch ups and ketchup, obviously 👑👑 #adA post shared by  Lucy Wood (@lucyjanewood) on Nov 15, 2018 at 8:56am PSTThis jacket instantly transforms any boring, average outfit into something effortless and excellent that Kelly Kapowski herself would be seen in. Blue mom jeans and a white tshirt with a small bolognese stain on the hem? Just throw on this jacket, with awesome dropped shoulders, biker epaulet detail, and asymmetric zips. Suddenly you’ve transformed from “Ehh, it’s laundry day” to “I am perhaps Debbie Harry reincarnated.” Currently wrapped in a somewhat scabby old blanket, with a face mask on, clutching a lukewarm coffee while attempting and failing to get some decent writing done 🙂 Send help. So here’s a much more Insta-worthy moment to remind myself that I don’t always look like a complete Bridget Jones on a bad day 👌🏻 (📸: @amifordphoto )A post shared by  Lucy Wood (@lucyjanewood) on Dec 4, 2018 at 7:30am PSTI adore the lapels and the heavy belted waist, but it’s the stole-this-from-my-very-tall-boyfriend fit that really makes me happy. As someone who struggles with body confidence on a daily basis, an oversized fit often leaves me feeling like I’m trying to hide something. Or, with my shape, can just look unflattering: boxy and big. Not the case here—this is a total dream to both me and my figure.  Happy New Year my dudes 🥂✨ Hope 2019 is a lucky one for ya 💗 Huge cheers for all your support through this year, lotsa love xA post shared by  Lucy Wood (@lucyjanewood) on Dec 31, 2018 at 11:50am PSTNot to mention it can be worn with anything and for anything. This jacket has accompanied me to the most casual coffee dates, joined me for terrifying street style photoshoots, and also taken part in glamorous girls’ nights out. Whether I pair it with high waisted pants and a slouchy sweater, or a pretty, feminine dress, it’s the ultimate accompaniment.I don’t like to throw around the P-word, but I’m gonna go ahead and say that this is—this is The One, and it is PERFECT. My most committed and longterm relationship to date, and I will probably one day be buried in this thing. At least I'll look like a cool old lady.My exact leather jacket is currently sold out on ASOS (probably because I tell everyone I ever meet to buy it), but this one is similarly excellent:For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Kate Middleton and Prince William are visiting Blackpool today to take a about investment and regeneration projects in the seaside resort town. They'll visit Blackpool Tower to attend separate roundtable discussions about mental health, but in the meantime, we just got a look at Kate's awesome outfit. The weather was a bit dreary (so, typical for England) but Kate livened up the event in a gorgeous olive outfit. Kate will be visiting Blackpool Tower, which is one of the UK's most famous landmarks. Kate was almost in head-to-toe olive with a Sportsmax green coat with the CUTEST matching green Manu Atelier clutch. Apparently she's got a Michael Kors dress on underneath—and we saw a glimpse of it, below. It'll be a busy day for the two royals, so we'll likely see more. Here's the full look: And here's video of Kate's arrival: A wave from Kate as she and William arrive in Blackpool in the rain #RoyalVisitBlackpool #royal pic.twitter.com/Vm800OQgZ6You can juuuust see the bottom of the skirt peeking out, but we'll update this post if there's a look at the outfit underneath. Update: here it is! It almost looks like abstract peacock feathers and matches perfectly with the jacket and clutch. Kate last wore the jacket in Edinburgh in 2016: And the handbag just a few weeks ago: Shop a similar version, below.Kate has been wearing A LOT of olive recently, and it's become a staple of some of her casual looks—most recently at the King Henry's Walk Garden. That was her first royal engagement of 2019, and Kate is keeping the theme going.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Expect up to 80 percent off.The Outnet is famous for providing the best deals if you're looking for designer pieces. And starting March 5, you'll get to see just how deep those discounts run. The retailer is offering up to 80 percent off across all of The Outnet's categories, from clothing to accessories. Personally, I have my eyes on the shoe selections, because you can find a pair of Aquazzura flats (Meghan Markle's favorite footwear brand) for $238 (its original price is $795!). But that's not all—there are plenty of other must-have boots and stylish sandals out there for under $250. Check them out, ahead.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here).		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Vegan clothing—it's a hot topic, but what does it even mean? Basically: Vegan clothing enthusiasts don't wear any kind of clothing items that contain leather or animal skin, wool or animal hair, or fur, down, silk, or any other material that comes from or is tested on animals. A more comprehensive what-to-look-for list in on PETA's website, but cotton, polyester, nylon, linen, and hemp are just a few examples of vegan materials. I happen to be moving my wardrobe to vegan for a variety of reasons, the biggest being that I've been allergic to animal hair and fur since I was a kid. Luckily, these days there's much more variety. The vegan clothes and shoes I buy look just like the real thing, and I don't have to compromise on durability or warmth. If this is something you care about, here are some brands that offer stylish vegan clothing.An important note: Not every item on every one of the below websites is vegan. It also doesn't mean that other brands don't have vegan options (Everlane has great all-cotton tees, for example). So, if you care about the topic, read the product information before you buy. If it's not available on the webpage, most stores have a messaging/email system that will help get you the deets. I love ASOS. (I might have been addicted to its inexpensive-and-trendy aesthetic when I was in my 20s. Still might be.) I know that I can count on it for the most variety on clothes, especially when I want something a bit more fashion-forward but don't want to break the bank. ASOS is particularly good at things like vegan coats—wool is, by and large, the go-to material for most brands' heavier, cold weather items like outerwear and sweaters. It makes sense, but technology is starting to catch up. I actually have this purple jacket, and it's just as warm and heavy as wool without being uncomfortable or itchy. I can't help it: I dig the chunky boots of my youth. Plus, the '90s are back in a big way, and Doc Martens have been riding the wave of nostalgia. So imagine my surprise to learn that the shoes I love actually have a whole section of their website dedicated to vegan shoes. The line contains all the classic looks, plus a couple new updates. The synthetic material is called Cambridge Brush and apparently looks and feels exactly like the real thing. It's a modern spin on an old classic I can get behind. Okay, now, I know what you're thinking—Stella's not cheap. And you're right! These pieces are investments. But Stella has been a proponent of eco-friendly fashion long before a lot of other designers came on board. Plus, she's a fan of sustainability, too, so she's embracing the fashion of the future in all its forms. Her website makes it clear on their items what exactly they're made of. The manmade materials are often listed as sustainable—they don't use fur, utilize vegetarian leather, and work with manmade silk. And the quality is still high-end, so you're not simply paying for a label. One of the more challenging aspects of embracing a vegan wardrobe is finding nice purses. I feel that pain: I love a good handbag, and up until recently, it was pretty easy to spot a fake, cheaply made (a.k.a. non-leather) one. But the aptly named Unicorn Goods has unique pieces that are also stylish.They've got bucket bags and fanny packs for the fashion-forward—Stella McCartney is one of their vendors, in fact—and totes and weekender bags for those who are more into classic styles. These bags mirror the real thing, from soft, supple faux suede to smooth or pebbled faux leather. Ever want to swan around town/your living room in the kind of plush fur coat that Carrie wears in the final scene of the TV show Sex and the City? Yeah, me too. I was never able to, but now fake fur has gotten a LOT more realistic in the past couple decades. Unreal Fur is taking full advantage of that with the most plush fake fur coats around. There are all kinds of textures, too: From long and thick (like beaver), to short and satiny (like mink), to matted and fuzzy (like shearling). If you want to take advantage of the fake fur wave, start with this brand.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It'll be like you're in Paris (kind of).Fashion month is finally coming to an end, with Louis Vuitton closing out the fall 2019 season. Vuitton creative director Nicolas Ghesquière will be presenting his latest spin on the logo bags and chic ready-to-wear the brand is known for. Here, watch Paris Fashion Week's final show, live from the French capital. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			That coat and dress combo is perfect.Today marks a special day for the royal family, as it's the 50th anniversary of the investiture of the Prince of Wales. For anyone else who was as confused as I was about what that actually means, it’s basically been half a century since Prince Charles formally and ceremonially took up crown. See, it’s kind of a big deal, and all of your royal favorites are in attendance at Buckingham Palace for the celebration, including the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, and the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. It’s the first time the royal fab four have been reunited in public since Christmas and, of course, they’re all looking wonderful. Feud? What feud?Sure, I know that today is all about Prince Charles, but there’s a very important dress and coat combination that needs to be discussed as a matter of urgency first. Heavily pregnant Meghan Markle, fresh from her recent baby shower trip to New York City, looked elegant yet modern in a seriously stunning metallic brocade dress, woven with pale tones of silver and gold. The Duchess wore the dress with a recycled favorite—her cream Amanda Wakeley coat—and the two pieces together are a winning color combination.Meghan kept to a pale, neutral color palette for the reception with a sweet rose gold Wilbur and Gussie silk clutch, as well as nude Paul Andrew heels and her trusty Maison Birks gold bar earrings, which were the perfect accompaniment to her effortless up-do hairstyle.The reception at the palace, hosted by Her Majesty, honors Prince Charles’s contribution to the national life of Wales across five decades, and welcomes some of Wales’ charities, organizations and businesses, as well as celebrities. In attendance alongside the royals are welsh band, Stereophonics, and welsh Game of Thrones star, Owen Teale. If Meghan and Harry don’t spend the entire afternoon trying to get season finale spoilers from Teale, they’re better humans than I.There's still no word on where Meghan's gorgeous dress is from, but if you have your eye on her lovely coat, then you're in luck.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Prada's sister label Miu Miu is known for its fun and often whimsical approach to dressing up. (Celebrity fans include Elle Fanning, Alexa Chung, and Rowan Blanchard.) The line is sophisticated, but has a uncontrived spirit that plays on masculine, feminine, and historical references. Last season, Miuccia Prada's theme for Miu Miu's spring 2019 collection was DIY/recycling. Printed dresses were fashioned into tunics; denim was sliced into strips to make pleated skirts. Pieces looked taken apart, only to be put back together into a must-have item. Some models wore a bow headband on their head while others had a rosebud at the nap of their neck. All of them wore chunky platform heels, like the ones you'd play dress up in as a child.Will the fall collection echo that of spring or be completely different? You'll find out in only a few minutes. Tune in to the livestream below to watch everything go down. The suspense is almost unbearable, I know.Enjoy.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The alpine set is breathtaking.A momentous morning for the iconic fashion house, Chanel opened its catwalk on Tuesday at the Grand Palais in Paris to a picturesque winter wonderland, where models including Cara Delevingne, Kaia Gerber and Penelope Cruz displayed the fall 2019 collection in the late Karl Lagerfeld’s final show. Lagerfeld, known for his always spectacular runway displays, this time opted for an alpine setting, which transported guests to a snow-covered hideaway surrounded by frosted mountains, icy trees and dreamy lodge chalets. The scene was complete with Chanel skis, a dusted snow catwalk, and even faux smoke billowing from the chimneys.Attendees marked the loss of one of fashion’s most legendary figures by observing a minutes silence in memory of Lagerfeld, during which models appeared in a line at the top of the set to pay their respects. Per MailOnline, the silence was broken by a recording of Karl's own voice, played on a tannoy.It proved to be a celebration of his unrivalled legacy, but an understandably emotional show, with two models wiping away tears during a finale set to David Bowie’s "Heroes". The runway ended triumphantly with Delevigne throwing up peace signs to the cameras, and a unanimous standing ovation from the audience.Guests later left the show with a heartfelt keepsake that paid to tribute to Lagerfeld—an illustration of the visionary designer, complete with his signature ponytail, sunglasses and suit, alongside Coco Chanel and the words "The beat goes on". The last of Karl’s collections will be shown this morning - but in fashion, as in life, endings lead to beginnings - for Karl’s legacy will be continued and developed by the woman he described as “my right arm” - Virginie Viard, who has worked with Karl since 1987... while the spirit of Coco Chanel is always close at hand @chanelofficial #karllagerfeld #virginieviard #chanel #cocochanel #thebeatgoesonA post shared by  Justine Picardie (@justinepicardie) on Mar 5, 2019 at 1:33am PSTLagerfeld, creative director to Chanel, passed away aged 85 at the American Hospital in Paris, having been admitted just the day before. The huge loss for the industry followed weeks of ill health for the prolific design figure. Earlier in the year, Lagerfeld unusually missed Chanel’s Haute Couture spring/summer 2019 show, with his absence explained by a statement that read: "Mr Lagerfeld, artistic director of Chanel, who was feeling tired, asked Virginie Viard, director of the creative studio of the house, to represent him.” It was the first time he had missed his iconic catwalk bow during the finale of a Chanel show since taking on his role as creative director in 1983.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			These picks are stylish and non-cheesy.The problem with wearing the designated colors for holidays—red and pink for Valentine's Day, green for St. Patrick's Day—is finding non-cheesy pieces to create an outfit with. You want to look like yourself with a sprinkle of said holiday spirit in your ensemble, not like you're channelling a traffic light. With that in mind, since St. Paddy's Day is coming up (it's on March 17) I want to provide you with some cute green pieces to shop. From a laidback hoodie to a velvet emerald-colored scrunchie, the items below fall on the stylish holiday scale without tossing you overboard into funky town. Once you've secured your green item or items, plot out your plan of attack for the bars or avoid the noise altogether by staying home. Personally, you'll find me in something green while sipping wine and watching Sex Education. The "come find me" phrase on this hoodie is 100 percent appropriate if you're bar-hopping on St. Patrick's Day. (Crowds, anyone?) It's a cheeky way to remind your friends not to leave you behind, especially if everyone's fueling up on beers all day. Wear with jeans and you've got yourself a casual, comfortable drinking outfit.Not big on the color green? Get by on St. Paddy's Day with this unassuming velvet scrunchie. It'll look equally pretty on your wrist, next to those gold bracelets, or around your ponytail. The hint of green is perfect for the person not looking for something loud. St. Patrick's Day is a good excuse to get all your friends together to eat and drink, so you'll want to wear comfy pants. If you're going out to celebrate, sweats might be out of the question, so opt for pants with stretch. These drawstring cotton bottoms hit the mark with its light green hue and a tailored fit, but not suffocating waistband.The easiest way to rock some green in your outfit is with accessories. I love this smooth and elegant pair of marble acrylic earrings from Cult Gaia. The deep jade hue is pretty, not cheesy, and will dress up anything you wear from a hoodie to a t-shirt. Go head-to-toe green in this sporty jumpsuit, which looks like it could be two separate pieces. The stripes down the pants legs elongate your legs while a short-sleeve top prevents you from becoming overheated in that packed dive bar. Wear with sneakers for maximum comfort.  If your only green sweater has disintegrated from too much wear, buy a new one asap to prevent getting pinched on March 17. H&M has a wide selection of affordable options, but I like this one best for its dark green color and its slightly wider hem at the bottom. Pro tip: You can even re-wear on Christmas Eve!In case it's cold on St. Patrick's Day, bundle up with green winter accessories like a scarf or this hat. It's only $10, so you don't have to spend much to "dress up" for the holidays. This cute knitted beanie is a piece I wouldn't mind getting hat hair from.Your interest in going out to drink on March 17 is...zero. Since you've successfully overcome peer pressure, treat yourself to this "home alone" pullover. You can celebrate the St. Paddy's Day spirit from the comfort of your couch with your BFF Netflix. Use the holiday as an excuse to buy yourself one last coat before winter officially ends. My pick: This $35 khaki green parka for its faux fuzzy lining and simple design. The piece is almost sold out, which gives you a clue about its popularity. Grab yours while it lasts.If you're going to spend money on something green, you'll want to love and wear it for seasons to come. This is where the Mansur Gavriel bag comes in. The everyday silhouette features clean lines and is crafted to match any outfit you put on. I'd buy this even if it weren't St. Patrick's Day. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Can I just hibernate until spring gets here?I have leather and silk skirts hanging in my closet for winter, but as soon as spring hits, I retire these for lighter, airier fabrics. Out comes the linen piece from Aritzia and the denim midi skirt I found at Topshop seasons ago. Skirts, to me, are a way to diversify your options for bottoms in spring/summer, especially when wearing shorts to the office is frowned upon by HR. Therefore, you can never have enough spring skirts. Of course, finding the right one is never easy. To speed things up, I took a look at the warm-weather options available right now and picked 15 to start. To narrow down the options even more, they're all under $150. (Now you'll have room in the budget for a new spring bag. You're welcome.)I'm a sucker for seersucker pieces, especially when the weather hits 70 degrees and above. This coral skirt, which comes with a matching crop top, is on my list of products to buy in an effort to refresh my spring wardrobe for 2019. I love the tangy hue and the casual, pretty bow loosely hanging on the side. This item is a must for any vacation you have planned. You've officially retired your too-short denim miniskirt  for good? As a replacement, try this Topshop piece, which is semi-sexy (peep those side slits) but modest thanks to the midi length. It's the best way to show off your ankle boots or sandals as you transition from fall into spring.  This skirt makes the tie-dye trend look tasteful and trendy for spring. The pattern is splashed against faux black leather, which isn't a combo you see often and is a step up from those DIY tie-dye tees you made at camp. Style with a thin beige sweater and black ankle boots.A spring wardrobe calls for color, and this Veronica Beard skirt has tons of it. Between the vibrant marigold hue and the delicate floral prints, the skirt represents shedding your black skinny jeans for a happier, lighter pair of bottoms. For an unexpected detail, the label added in a zipper, hidden slightly underneath the ruffles.  Lately, all I want to wear are matching sets. It cuts down my outfit picking time from 15 minutes to five, and I roll into the office looking like the most put-together person, even if I did forget to brush my hair that morning. Before you wonder if this life is too good to be true, pick up this cozy knitted beige skirt, with the matching top, yourself.You're still working your way up to feeling comfortable in a full-on leopard or zebra skirt. Same. Start small with this animal-like printed midi from J.O.A. The spots are a close imitation to those of a cheetah or cloud leopard, but look gentler and less bold than its actual counterparts.Madewell is starting to drop its spring products, like this cottom chambray skirt that suits every warm-weather activity from boating to picnicking in the park. The swingy midi number has flattering sewn-in pleats at the waist and crisp white buttons all the way down the front to let you decide how much leg you want to show. All the clothes from Faithfull the Brand feel like they're made for that quintessential vacation 'gram, including this wrap skirt. It has a bright, poppy background hue and dotted florals, which make you stand out against palm trees and turquoise-colored water backdrops. Get the matching top for a complete set or wear it solo with a graphic tee and sneakers.On a scale of one to 10, 10 being I need this skirt, I'm a nine. (The only reason I'm not a full 10 is because I already have two leather skirts!) I can attest to the materials durability and surprisingly comfortable fit. This new midi skirt for spring looks soft to the touch and is more forgiving than one of my stiffer pieces, so maybe I should buy this after all. It'll look great with a button-down or plain white tee. Instead of buying another denim miniskirt with a regular button and cut, pick up this deconstructed one from Pixie Market. The slight shift in asymmetrical details instantly give this item a cool factor.An everyday skirt should be compatible with all your tops and shoes. Neutral colors, like this khaki green, are good additions to your spring wardrobe because they're a little more interesting than white and beige, but still versatile enough to wear with any color. I suggest this Steele top and these espadrille sandals.  If you're dying to own a piece by Ganni, you're in luck. This tulip printed wrap skirt is on sale for $84 from $169. Get it now before it completely sells out and that way, you'll also have time to figure out the perfect first-day-of-spring outfit before March 20 arrives. A flashy sequin skirt you'll want to wear for all the rooftop birthday parties and bridal showers you'll attend this spring. The silver sparkles make this piece daytime appropriate, though you can easily transform it with a pair of black heels and a silk black cami for nighttime festivities. If your style muse is Bella Hadid or Ariana Grande, you'll appreciate a good camouflage skirt. The print says, "I'm tough, but not totally unapproachable" and adds a few edgy points to your overall outfit. Especially, if you're wearing it with combat boots and a cool pair of socks. This Maje skirt is unlike any of the other options on this list, which is a good thing if you're looking for that special piece. It has pleats, an iridescent sheen, and a lovely soft lavender color that's easy on the eyes. If you want to stand out at the party, slip this on.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She has the accessory in two different colors.As a fashion editor, I've become a walking, talking Wikipedia for Pippa Middleton's style. I've covered everything from her Wimbledon outfits to her twinning moments with sister Kate, a personal obsession of mine. I can rattle off which brands she wears most often or precisely when she started wearing her favorite wrap dress. So identifying her favorite handbag was a snap: Pop and Suki.The brand launched in September 2016, the brainchild of model Suki Waterhouse and her BFF, the entrepreneur Poppy Jamie. The millennial-targeted accessories line is known for its customization (monogramming is available) of polished pieces and its happy-go-lucky color scheme. Just take a look at its Instagram. Of the company's 115k followers, you can bet Pippa's one.She was first photographed wearing the label's iconic camera bag in burgundy in 2017 and since then, has added another style—black without scalloped straps—to her handbag repertoire. The crossbody has fits effortlessly into her wardrobe, pairing well with floral dress and fall sweaters. Pippa's worn the bag not once, not twice, but six different times at least. Pippa, if you're reading this story, I'd like to nominate you for a guest post for our "Item I wore to death" series.Pop and Suki camera bag, $155 SHOP ITPop and Suki lolita bag, $295 SHOP ITPop and Suki box bag with luggage tag, $275 SHOP ITPop and Suki carryall, $176 SHOP ITFor more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The perfect item to work in as the temperature rises. My we present our in-between-seasons hack: the vest! As the weather warms, shed your outerwear and lean into the sleeveless wonder. It adds dimension and interest to just about any outfit. Just make sure it's an oversize statement (that'll keep it from looking too prep school). Below, we've styled out all of the possible ways to wear a vest for all the possible places you can rock it—the office, a date, or just a Saturday afternoon, we've got you covered. Nix the team jersey but still look sporty-chic. The long, clean lines of the vest-dress layered with the attenuated track pant make this look an easy slam dunk.Shop the look: 1. Good American top, $58; 2. Phillip Lim vest, $895; 3. Pinko track-pant, $225; 4. Paul Andrew shoe, $645.Soldier on in this season's It piece: a voluminous military-inspired utility vest. Femme it up with a crisp jacket-turned-minidress and heels—no tights!Shop the look: 1. Jil Sander shirt-dress, $670; 2. Jil Sander vest, $1,190; 3. Philosophy di Lorenzo Serafini booties, $305. Large and in charge! Replace your trusty jean jacket with an XL denim vest. Its versatility will see you through spring.Shop the look: 1. Isabel Marant jumpsuit, $825; 2. Levi's vest, $60; 3. Proenza Schouler handbag, $995. Consider this look the cool girl's answer to carnival style. And, yes, leather vests are happening, but without a Harley in sight!Shop the look: 1. Louis Vuitton dress, $3,750; 2. Louis Vuitton vest, $ 3,750; 3. Louis Vuitton booties, $1,720. Forgo a stuffy blazer in favor of this plaid, double-breasted piece that takes officewear up a notch. Wear it over a tulle pleated skirt and you got yourself a new power suit (and, that promotion).Shop the look: 1. Adeam top, $595; 2. Zara vest, $89; 3. Maison Margiela skirt, $615; 4. Stuart Weitzman bootie, $402. Spring ahead with this candy-colored look. How could you not enjoy it being lighter outside when you're dressed for the part?Shop the look: 1. Current Elliot jeans, $270; 2. Zimmermann top, $189; 3. Chanel necklace, $2,150; 4. Chanel handbag, $4,300; 5. Chanel mules, $975. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It looks stunning. Also, a bit pointy.Miley Cyrus, singer and style maven, combined two of her passions in one Instagram post: She's wearing a dress literally made out of pieces of vinyl records, and it's incredible. Photographers Albert Sanchez and Pedro Zalba (together, SanchezZalba) had the scoop on why, and we have every image from Instagram. The dress is by Maison Martin Magiela, and it's over a decade old, first used for the 2008 “Artisanale” Couture Collection. SanchezZalba explains that the dress "is composed of a crepe de chine base decorated with gradated 35 and 45 rpm vinyl singles and albums, that have been cut, then molded to the body while still warm. Can you identify any musicians or songs? We can spot “Don’t talk to me of love” by Barry Manilow and Mirielle Mathieu on the shoulder!"Miley is guest-starring as a judge in the RuPaul's Drag Race premiere tonight, and we've already gotten video of her in drag to stealthily infiltrate behind the scenes and to give a sweet surprise to all the queens. This is the polar opposite of that—it's insanely over the top and I can't wait to see how it's going to be used in the show. SanchezAlba explained another connection Miley has to the dress: "'Backyard Sessions' brought A LOT of well-deserved attention to 'vintage' songs and musicians (including one of our all-time faves Melanie Safka)," they said. Gorgeous, and totally unique. Here's every photo of the dress:  A CLOSER LOOK: We’ve noticed quite a bit of excitement about this phenomenal Maison Martin Magiela @maisonmargiela dress over at Miley Cyrus’s IG @mileycyrus. It dates from a 2008 “Artisanale” Couture Collection and is composed of a crepe de chine base decorated with gradated 35 and 45 vinyl records, that have been cut, then molded to the body while still warm taking 33 hours to create. Can you identify any musicians or songs? We can spot “Don’t talk to me of love” by Barry Manilow and Mirielle Mathieu on the shoulder! We feel it’s befitting that Miley is wearing this particular, well-fit dress for her RPDR stint: her “Backyard Sessions” brought A LOT of well-deserved attention to “vintage” songs and musicians (including one of our all-time faves Melanie Safka). Thank you Miley! And special thanks to World of Wonder @worldofwonder (@thairinliesaphoto in particular) for having us — we can’t wait to see Season 11! @rupaulsdragrace Makeup here by the legendary James Kaliardos @jameskaliardos with up-do by Aleksey Bishop @aleksey_hair and styling by @bradleykennetheyewear. #mileycyrus #rupaulsdragraceseason11 #rupaulsdragrace #dragrace #worldofwonder #sanchezzalba #albertsanchezA post shared by  SanchezZalba (@sanchezzalba) on Feb 27, 2019 at 3:42pm PST Find you someone who can do both 🖤A post shared by  Miley Cyrus (@mileycyrus) on Feb 27, 2019 at 1:55pm PSTA post shared by Miley Cyrus (@mileycyrus) on Feb 27, 2019 at 8:02pm PSTBeautiful, right? Not as gorgeous as her wedding dress, but up there. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			This is the second day that the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are out and about in Northern Ireland, and Kate Middleton just keeps bringing the gorgeous colors to her wardrobe. Today had been a "blue" day so far—and even better, one of her coats has a fabulous capelet that is so princessy and gorgeous, I have super royal envy right now. Per royal reporter Rebecca English, Kate and Prince William have a busy day ahead of them. "They will spend the day in Ballymena, meeting with organisations working for future generations including the police service, the Braid Arts Centre & Sure Start, a programme that supports parents with children under 4." Kate arrived in a baby-blue Mulberry coat— and, considering how iconic that color is for another famous Disney princess, fans immediately jumped to the association. (It's Cinderella, in case you didn't guess.) I mean, I personally feel like Kate Middleton is a Disney princess come to life? Look at that hair! You see it, right? Kate channeled the neon trend YET AGAIN in a dark blue neon dress with a black belt underneath said fabulous coat. This time, it looks like the Jenny Packham blue dress that she loooooves and rewears a lot.  Update: her navy suede pumps are Rupert Sanderson Malory pumps in navy—and they're shoppable! Here's a look at the full-length outfit:  And here's a better look at the outfit under the jacket: First engagement of their second day in NI, the Duke & Duchess of Cambridge met @ChiefConPSNI, police officers & staff at Hillsborough Castle where they discussed the challenging roles they undertake. @PoliceServiceNI pic.twitter.com/JTgBTETUUwTwo outfits, and the day's not over yet! This, added to what she wore yesterday, make for a hugely covetable tour wardrobe thus far. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Never forget your sunglasses—or sunscreen—again.Compiling the perfect spring break wardrobe boils down to several key items: romantic tops, comfortable pants, and loud accessories, preferably in bright colors to match your daiquiris. You want to be cute but comfortable and maybe fit everything into one suitcase. (A hard task for us fashion folks.) In order to avoid overpacking and make sure you have the best pieces to assemble an outfit, we put together a quick shopping list for you. Whether you're going to spend all day by the pool or explore a new city, here are all the travel essentials you'll need. If there's room in your suitcase, afterwards, thank god—you still need to buy souvenirs!This swimsuit's juxtaposition of minimalist designs with bright, feel-good colors creates an easy-breezy vibe well-suited for a laid-back trip. Wear to the pool or the beach with a pair of denim shorts. If someone told my eight-year-old self that I'd wind up loving the very accessory I used to get huffy and puffy about having to wear, I'd be mind-blown. But, here we are. Besides this woven hat's practicality (you know, preventing an unfortunate forehead sunburn), this accessory brings an effortless flare of style to any casual warm-weather look.Give your denim shorts a modern upgrade with this zipper-forward pair from A.P.C. They are a mid-rise style, but flare out slightly for a nice fit on your legs. These look sharp with just about every type of top, from cropped tees to a bodysuit, which is rare for denim shorts. Stem, the newest scent from Malin + Goetz, evokes the clean and subtly sensual feeling of getting out of the shower. That and the feeling of you frolicking through a field of flowers. Ask any of my co-workers, I couldn't stop smelling my wrist the first week I wore it because I loved it so much.You should pack at least one slightly fancy shoe with you just in case. My pick are these flirty and, surprisingly, comfortable mules from LPA that bring a fashionable flare and pop of color to any of your evening ensembles.  These earrings pay homage to the beautiful seashells you spot on the beach of your resort. I'm thankful these sculptural hoops doesn't require me to fork over a lot of cash, while the neutral color means I can bring just this pair and match all my outfits.The dainty florals on this bikini will look gorgeous against any  tropical backdrop. The top looks effortlessly romantic when paired with a flowing skirt too, which means you can maximize the mixing-and-matching of your outfits. This slim skirt practically radiates sunshine. Decorated in daisies, the shape is elegant and the vibe is chill—making it super easy to dress up or down, depending on where your adventure leads.Channel your inner Grace Kelly with this springtime accessory that can turn into a scarf, a headband, or hair tie. The possibilities for how to style this are endless. If bikini season gives you heart palpitations, might I suggest Sol de Janeiro’s all-over body cream, which visibly improves the elasticity of skin and creates an illusion of firmness? With more than 2,341 five-star reviews on Sephora, I’m not alone in being a diehard fan of Brazilian Bum Bum.Allow me to introduce you to the puffy-sleeved poplin top you're going to put on every day of vacation. This can be worn with cotton shorts, underneath overalls, with a skirt (like that Reformation one), or with jeans. Cesta Collective is a brand that makes a really cute bag that also empowers women. Their accessories are handwoven by female artists in Rwanda with leather craftsmanship details added in New York. This little lunchpail is perfect for day-to-night activities, with enough room to hold your wallet, sunglasses, and phone.  Behold, a denim vacation jumpsuit that does it all. This effortless one-piece is great for a fun night out, a laid-back excursion around town, or a romantic dinner. Just pair with heels. Sunscreen is the greatest defense against aging and is vital for time spent outside. Suitable for all skin types, this set from SUPERGOOP! includes a water- and sweat-resistant SPF 40 sunscreen, an SPF 50 setting mist that sets makeup and controls oil and shine, and an SPF 40 moisturizer.Bose's wireless and waterproof micro bluetooth-enabled speaker is well-suited for trips on the slopes or by the ocean. Create a shared Spotify playlist, then crank it up on this speaker. You'll be the real MVP of your friend group. This is the boxy boyfriend shirt of my dreams. It's cut from a light and gauzy material, so you won't overheat in the sun. The top can be worn with shorts or as a causal beach cover-up. Did I mention it's only $68?There's a reason why you're seeing the brand Ancient Greek pop up everywhere this season: Its Italian-crafted sandals are beyond comfortable and work for every type of travel. You can wear these to the pool of your resort or through the spice markets of India. The price is steep, but they'll last you many a spring break to come. Keep your lips soft and supple when you're out in the sun with Dior's hydrating and color-reviving lip balm. I love that the formula adjusts to each person's unique pH for an immediate and customized flush of color. (FYI: Meghan Markle even wore the brand's coral shade on her wedding day.)Vacation wouldn't be vacation without at least one Instagram post. And what you wear for it can be pretty important. My outfit choice goes to this Insta-approved dress, worn by the likes of  Emily Ratajkowski and Kaia Gerber, which has taken social media by storm. If you hate getting sand in your tote, opt for one that's more beach-friendly like this straw one. It's spacious enough to hold all your sun-tanning needs and also cute enough to bring to lunch. These shades from Australian designer Lucy Folk are inspired by the cat-eye frames worn in Stanley Kubrick's 1962 Lolita and are a work of art in their own right. The accessory features gold-tone details and have a marble finish. (They recently graced the face of Beyoncé at a pre-Grammys party.)Let it be known that I don't monkey around when it comes to animal print. Featuring an open back and a ruched center, this printed halter one-piece is equal parts wild and chic.  This sunshine-yellow Aritzia top is almost too perfect for vacation. It embodies that easy, relaxed look we all strive to achieve while traveling. And pro tip, additional lovely shades are currently on sale. Allow me to introduce you to the only jean you'll need for vacation. This lightly-washed pair with a rip at the knee goes well with every top you own, from a plain tee to that leopard print swimsuit that doubles as a bodysuit. Wear with Ancient Greek sandals or a mule heel. As someone who dedicates a maximum of five minutes to doing her makeup in the morning (I devote another five minutes to changing my outfit multiple times and allocate 30 minutes to laying on my bed in a towel and spacing out), I can personally attest to how life-changing this highlighter is. The application requires the bare minimum of effort and my skin looks immediately more awake with a natural glow that stays all day.Speaking of tees to pair with that Reformation jean...this one from H&M speaks to my soul on all levels. It's my vacation mantra. Also, my vacation diet.  I can't recommend this hair regeneration set enough, if, like me, you're trying to tackle frizzy hair during vacay. The set includes a mask that helps restore color and adds shine, a regenerating balm, and shampoo, all of which are infused with prickly pear oil—a rare ingredient with powerful antioxidants. To ensure you have the right nipple coverage for all the backless, plunging neckline tops you're bringing, pack a pair of silicone petals that be re-worn throughout your trip (this pair lasts up to 25 wears). As someone who frequently forgets to get these, I suggest ordering yours right now. Pack a pajama set so chic you'll want to wear them everywhere besides bed. This set includes separates that could easily pass as daywear, featuring a leaf print that's fun, yet sophisticated.If regular carry-ons are too small for you, try Away's larger option. The suitcase is roomy enough for a five-day trip and comes with its famous rechargeable battery. It even has built-in organizational compartments Marie Kondo would approve of. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Spoiler: Going sheer is still cool for 2019.This month, designers presented their fall/winter 2019 collections, so you'd expect to see sweaters, boots, and hats on the runways—after all, those are practical, winter-y gear. But some designers had extra surprises up their sleeve:. Rather than completely cover their models in head-to-toe winter fashion, designers like Piotrek Panszczyk and Beckett Fogg of Area played with the sheer trend, sending models down the catwalk in naked dresses. Jeremy Scott had a model wear a cropped sweater and matching underwear. Humberto Leon and Carol Lim of Opening Ceremony asked actress Greta Lee to pose in only a furry coat. It's safe to say NYFW got a little risqué. If you're into it though, like we are, take a look at the most naked runway outfits ahead.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here).		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			 Are you ready?If you're curious about how French-girl style became a thing, just people-watch in Paris. There's something effortless about the way they dress that says, "I'm cool, but not trying too hard." And right now, more than ever, street style stars have tried to channel that energy as they descend into the city of love for Paris Fashion Week. Guests arrived with the most enviable dresses, sweaters, accessories, and outerwear. If you thought the street style was good in New York or even Milan, wait until you see the Parisians.  •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here).		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Every piece is made from plastic bottles.In recent years, fashion brands have placed increasingly emphasis on sustainability—from Stella McCartney, who pioneered the movement, to contemporary eco-friendly brands like Everlane and Amur. And now Madewell has joined the conversation with its first-ever line of sustainable swimsuits, the Madewell Second Wave Collection. Everything is this collection is made from recycled plastic bottles. Here's how it breaks down: Eight plastic bottles are used for a one-piece swimsuit, while four plastic bottles make a bikini. In total, Madewell used approximately 50,920 bottles to make its Second Wave collection. Not to mention, the swimsuits are pretty cute, too. The 32-piece collection comprises a mix of feminine and sporty one-pieces and simple—but elegant—bikinis in colors like sea blue and bright marigold. Since the silhouettes are so classic, you can buy them this spring and not have to worry they'll go out of style. Take a quick peek at some of my personal favorites from the Second Wave collection, below, and scoop one up. (I already know which one I'm getting.)For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She brought out her beloved L.K. Bennett boots for the occasion (which—psst—are on sale).Ooh, this is exciting! Kate Middleton and Prince William have taken an unannounced trip to Northern Ireland for only the third time ever. According to royal reporter Rebecca English, reporters couldn't reveal the trip was happening in advance for security reasons. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are visiting Belfast, Fermanagh, and Ballymena to "celebrate the young people of Northern Ireland."English continued, "Day one will have a strong focus on the positive impact that sport, nature and the outdoors can have on childhood development, and improved physical and mental health for all." Kate looked stunning, of course, in a whole outfit that looks like a rewear. Her Carolina Herrera coatdress (about $1,600) is one of her favorites, apparently, and she loves her chunky lace-up L.K. Bennett boots just as much as I do. Oh and, just in case you were interested, those boots are currently on sale. They're in my shopping cart, FYI. Kensington Palace already has some of the first photos from the first stop of their trip, Windsor Park Football Stadium: 🙌 The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge meet @NorthernIreland goalkeeping legend Pat Jennings at Windsor Park Football Stadium, home of the @OfficialIrishFA #RoyalVisitNI pic.twitter.com/Va3HUwyVlHHere's a full-length shot of Kate in her boots and coatdress:And here's a look at Kate's 2016 outing in the same Carolina Herrera coat when she and Prince William were in Canada: Taking a page out of the Queen's playbook with a bright color so she can be visible to everyone!And here's video of the outfit in motion from this morning: Fingers crossed there'll be a number of outfit changes!For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You'll love Dior's "Sisterhood Is Global" tees. Finally, we've made it to the last city of fashion month: Paris. There's something magical about the city of love and the runways are sparkling with that Parisian magic. At Dior, Creative Cirector Maria Grazia Chiuri once again made her feminist advocacy clear by sending models out in "Sister Is Global" tees while Virgil Abloh celebrated all the supermodels on his runway in what could be his best collection yet. There's nothing but news in Paris - Kenzo showed their first see-now-buy-now collection and Bruno Sialelli made his runway debut at Lanvin.  You know what they say, save the best for last! Check out our favorite runway looks, ahead. •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here).		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			My credit card isn't happy, but my soul is.The first day of spring is March 20, not that I'm counting down the days or anything, and I'm already thinking about what I can wear next season. The short answer: Not much. I went overboard on Marie Kondo-ing my closet and gave half my warm-weather wardrobe to a local thrift shop. Now, I need to find new spring dresses and shoes that spark joy in my life. I already have some dresses on my wishlist and, as an avid shopper/fashion editor, I know what the new footwear styles are and where to find them. And yes, I will happily share that information with you. Here are 18 new spring shoes to shop as a yay-we-made-it-through-winter (almost) treat.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here).You'll feel like a whole new person once you trade in your heavy snow boots for something light, like this two-strap heel mule. The soft pastel shade reminds me of blooming hydrangeas while the open-toe style gives you a chance to finally show off your fresh coat of polish. For a sandal that draws the eyes straight down to your feet, try this Dear Frances option. The "Luna" sandals are handmade in Italy with linen toe straps and a curved tortoise plexiglas heel. Elegant and casual, the footwear's a fit for casual walks around the city or for that romantic rooftop dinner with your SO.For that espadrille look plus a little bit of height, try these platform sandals from Loeffler Randall. Two bow straps in red keep it flirty and fun underneath your printed sundress. If this shoe doesn't make you want to book a vacation stat, something's wrong. M.Gemi partnered with Draper James (Reese Witherspoon's fashion label!) to create a line of southern-inspired shoes perfect for any occasion. This denim pair with a sweet bow is particularly unique because of the material and is versatile enough to wear with a white summer dress or even a denim jacket and skirt. Take a break from florals and try the cow print for spring. This cool shoe can be worn with a pair of black culotte pants or even a summer dress for that unexpected trendsetter look. Finish it off with a gold anklet.You're going to see this spring footwear trend everywhere: the one-strap over the toe. Your feet (well, four of your toes) will feel far less constrained in this fresh style. Don't worry about all the weight shifting to your big toe either—the extra strap on this shoe will prevent any strains. Missoni partnered up with Castañer to produce 15 different shoes for women (and four for men). One of my favorites is this wedge espadrille that combines the unmistakable Missoni print with Castañer's effortless resort-vibe footwear. The colorful prints bring new life to its signature beige sandals. I want a pair and I'm betting Pippa Middleton (she loves this shoe brand) does too.This beach-friendly shoe is a fashionable alternative to flip-flops. It's comfortable (I have personally walked on sand in this) and dries quickly should it get wet. The sandals are light in weight too, which makes it a travel-friendly shoe. It also comes in four other spring colors if you prefer happier hues. Paige, known for its denim, launched its footwear line last year and its selections are phenomenal. You'll find everything from a snakeskin boot (FYI, Kaia Gerber has these) to this rose-gold metallic mule with a knotted upper. This classy shoe can be dressed down with everyday blue jeans or done up with a dress for summer weddings. Finally came around to the idea of buying chunky sneakers? This spring, you'll see be able to find options in a variety of styles and colors, like this Easter-egg pastel pair from Ash. It lets you embrace the sweeter side of your street style if you're not the sporty/tomboy type.  In need of new spring flats? Try this glove style from Mango. The sleek material and wooden heel make it office appropriate, but not too stuffy that you can't wear it straight to Friday happy hour. I'm already thinking about buying this in all three colors.Minor details like the color of a strap or the shape of the shoe can instantly turn an "okay" sandal into a must-have. This Dolce Vita pair has it all with a snakeskin print, the popular square toe, and a wooden block heel. It also doesn't hurt that the footwear comes in several other colors, if you own too much snakeskin printed shoes.You don't have to fly to Greece to shop its products. These sandals are made abroad with cowhide material for a comfortable and durable finish and stamped with Ancient Greek's signature logo. This beige and metallic gold shoe can be worn with your summer dresses, denim shorts, or pleated skirts. Thick crisscross straps and Teva-inspired sandals were all over the spring runways. It's almost guaranteed these Marni shoes are comfortable given the elevated soles and secure straps. You won't find yourself slipping out of them like you would with some backless slides.For practical shoppers who just want an everyday slide, they'll like this one from Kaanas. It comes in black or tan, very versatile colors, and has a big tortoiseshell buckle for that something-something. The shoe is cute and trendy without sacrificing simplicity and comfort.These Jacquemus suede blue sandals come straight from the spring 2019 runway. Though the heel is four-inches tall, which is a lot for some, it promises comfort with its leather-lined soles and lace-up straps. Don't be surprised if this trendy sandal inspires a line of imitators, the design is that good.The white ankle boot can easily transition from winter to spring depending on how you style it. For the colder months, we prefer to wear it with blue jeans and a beige sweater. Once the weather warms up, we'll pair this cowboy boot with a floral midi dress and sunglasses. Teva created a special collection to commemorate the Grand Canyon’s 100th year as a National Park. Each style has a unique strap pattern that draws inspo from the scenic nature of the Grand Canyon, from layered red rocks to sunset hues. Given Teva-inspired shoes were all over the spring 2019 runways, grab yourself this limited-edition pair.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You can still buy it, too.On Monday, Meghan Markle and Prince Harry finished up their royal tour of Morocco with a visit to the Royal Equestrian Club in Rabat. The couple had been in town since Saturday, participating in everything from visiting Education For All, a charity that provides girls in rural Morocco the chance for a full education, to petting horses on their final day. Meghan and Harry took that time to learn how equine therapy can help children and young people with mental health challenges. They attended a horse grooming session with some of the kids and also watched a riding demonstration.  For the casual outing, the Duchess of Sussex re-wore an old J.Crew coat from 2016. The outerwear is actually, believe it or not, from the men's section. Though Meghan's exact khaki color is sold out, the jacket still comes in two other neutral-friendly hues. According to the website, the "field mechanic jacket" is based on a vintage military mechanic's jacket and I'm totally feeling the item's unisex vibe. It looked perfect over Meghan's striped Equipment top, which she wore with a pair of Rag & Bone black jeans and Stuart Weitzman ankle boots.She was last photographed wearing it in 2016:Shop Meghan Markle's coat:To complete her outfit, Meghan accessorized with dainty gold bar earrings by Ecksand, a Canadian fine jewelry brand, and pulled her hair back into an effortless ponytail. This tour marked the Duchess' final travel before the arrival of her baby. The baby royal is expected to make his/her appearance at the end of April or early May. Both Meghan and Prince Harry have been mum on the sex of their child, preferring to keep it a surprise. And just last week, the Duchess' friends threw her a baby shower in New York City, where she no doubt received plenty of baby clothes for her future son or daughter.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			What better way to forget about it all?What do you do when your whole world turns upside down and you break up with the father of your child, reportedly after he cheated with the best friend of your youngest sister? There’s no right or wrong answer here, but I’d say that a naked, bejeweled catsuit is probably a good place to start if you’re Khloé Kardashian.To say it’s been a tough week for Koko would be an insulting understatement. It seemed that she’d discovered Tristan’s alleged infidelity with Jordyn Woods via Instagram of all places, so where better than to celebrate her new single life than the exact same platform seven days later, alongside a couple of her supportive sisters.Proving that revenge has never looked so damn good, the 34-year-old mother of True Thompson made her return to social media in style on Tuesday morning after a brief period of dignified silence—aside from a few low-key snake references, of course. “Step up in this bitch like”A post shared by  Khloé (@khloekardashian) on Feb 25, 2019 at 9:11pm PSTIn the steamy photo, Khloé looks smoking hot in an amazing see-through catsuit, completely covered from head to toe in sparkling crystals, and it's not exactly a look that screams "ice cream, The Notebook and duvet needed immediately." In fact, it might be the hottest she's ever looked.A post shared by Kendall (@kendalljenner) on Feb 25, 2019 at 6:45pm PSTAlongside her is older sister Kourtney Kardashian in an equally revealing, 100 per cent naked dress, as well as Kendall Jenner wearing a burgundy mini dress and retro white stilettos after her daring Oscars look. There’s a lot going on, and it’s classic Kardashian fire.Ex-boyfriend? What ex-boyfriend? Tristan Thompson? Never heard of him.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Make yourself a cup of coffee and tune in.Maria Grazia Chiuri's spring 2019 show for Christian Dior opened with a group of dancers. But don't expect the designer to do the same things twice: Chiuri will be showing her fall 2019 collection at Paris Fashion Week shortly, and though not many details have been shared, we do know the clothes and accessories that come out of it will be sought after by the fashion crowd.Last season, Chiuri brought back and breathed new life into Dior's iconic saddlebag, so don't be surprised if the designer revives something else from the fashion house's archives. In fact, instead of completely new silhouettes and styles, I'm hoping she'll bring back some blasts from the past, whether that's in the form of a shoe or dress. If you're stuck commuting to work or didn't receive your PFW ticket in the mail, not to worry. We have a livestream set up, courtesy of Dior. You don't need a front row ticket to Paris to enjoy the show. Just tune in below at 8:30 a.m. EST and prepare to fall in love with Chiuri's latest collection.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Name a better feeling than coming out from a long shower, rubbing lotion all over your body (moisturize, people!), and throwing on a comfy robe before heading to the couch for a Netflix binge? I'll wait. We take our bathrobes very seriously here at MarieClaire.com—so much that some of us have three different kinds, depending on the occasion. Not all robes are created equal (there are a lot of different styles out there), but we've invested in solid picks over the years that come highly-recommended for everyone to live their best faaahncy lives in. Here, the bathrobes that will convince you to ditch the towel wraps and t-shirts, according to our editors. "I am all about the terrycloth robe—and not just because it's the first thing I put on when it's cold or sometimes I end up wearing it all day (#WorkFromHomeGoals). It's also machine-washable and easy to clean. This Nordstrom Lingerie one has a sexy touch too." —Katherine J. Igoe, Morning News Editor"My favorite weekend activity before going out is putting on my silk grown-up robe, pouring myself a glass of wine, turning up my speakers, and sitting at my vanity to do my makeup—in that exact order. Few things in life make me happier than this 100-percent silk robe. It’s so cozy and chic that I wish I could go out in it sometimes (a lewk?!). To me, sexy robes scream fiercely independent...in the best way." —Maya Allen, Beauty Editor"If you had told me five years ago that the Best in Show character whom I would best identify with was John Michael Higgins’ flamboyant Shih Tzu owner, I would not have believed you. And yet, here we are...all because of the scene in which he’s deciding whether he should bring six or seven kimonos on a two-day trip. I…can’t help myself? "It all started a few years ago when I bought an Oscar de la Renta silk kimono, which sat in my closet for ages until I spent a few months as a freelancer and fished it out. It was winter and I was mostly staying at home, so I basically only wore that kimono and nothing else for, like, four months. Soon, I started buying more to supplement my non-wardrobe. Now I have six, I tend to bring at least two on any vacation, and I am thinking of acquiring a Shih Tzu. My latest and current fave is this long, red Treasure & Bond kimono that I wear over pajamas when I want to feel enigmatic." —Cady Drell, Senior Culture Editor "This is my favorite robe to wear when it’s negative 10 degrees outside and my thermostat is deciding to be stubborn for the fourth time in a week. It’s the warmest, fluffiest robe I’ve ever owned, and it’s even kept its amazingly soft texture after a few times in the wash! Ten out of 10 would recommend if you’re looking for something cozy, durable, and affordable." —Morgan McMullen, Designer "I stole my favorite bathrobe from my 16-year-old brother when I was eight years old. I had it up until last year when I put it in the wash and it emerged as a bunch of tiny washcloths. In desperation, I searched high and low for the Tommy Hilfiger men’s bathrobe of my dreams, but slowly had to come to terms with the fact that the one I knew and loved for over 15 years didn’t exist anymore. It wasn’t until I was gifted this Super-Plush Robe from Brooklinen that I felt I found the robe of my childhood. It feels like you’re wrapping yourself in a fancy, expensive towel and I know I'll have it for the rest of my life." —Amanda Mitchell, Editorial Fellow "I am what one would call a robe person. Robes and what they stand for (comfort, not having to get dressed right away) are high on my list of personal values. So any robe at all makes me happy. But this robe…? How much time do you have? If I am at home, you can bet I’m wearing it. If it were appropriate for people who aren’t little old ladies on the Upper West Side or Justin Bieber to wear robes in public, I would also wear this robe outside of my home. If I am buried in this robe, I will be happy for all eternity. How, you ask, could I possibly be so effusive about a bathrobe? Well, because it's the plushest, coziest, thickest robe in existence. It’s like wearing a blanket wrapped in a hug. The tag says 100 percent polyester, but I think it must have some teddy bear and magic fairy dust woven in there because it's just so damn comfortable. It’s luxe, long, and has a big shawl collar. Its wide-but-not-too-wide sleeves allow for maximum comfort and maximum efficiency, and wearing it makes me feel safe, warm, and happy." —Danielle McNally, Director of Features and Special Projects"Picture this: You get out of the shower and wrap yourself in a honeycomb robe. You forget that you have plans. You scroll through Instagram, eat some leftover pizza, pour a glass of wine, maybe take a little nap. Does anything beat that feeling? No, and that’s why you need the perfect robe to do it in. Enter the Snowe honeycomb bathrobe, a perfect item in almost every way—except that your friends will be pretty mad when you do show up deeply relaxed...and 45 minutes late." —Jenny Hollander, Deputy Editor"There’s nothing better than getting out of a shower and doing all of your secret single behavior (or, as I like to call it, SSB) in a comfy robe. This one by Natori feels like silky smooth greatness on your skin. It's extremely lightweight so you feel like you're naked when you're not. I finally had to retire this robe after a rogue pair of underwear turned all of my whites pink, but this is on my shopping list again. Wear it anytime starting in the spring through early fall." —Krystyna Chávez, Social Media Editor "I have four or five robes that I don't wear often, except for this one. The sleeves don't soak up water that might trickle up my arm when I wash my face, and it's light enough to wear in an overheated apartment in winter or on a humid summer morning." —Bridget Burns, Photo Editor "This robe gives me peak cozy girl vibes. I’m never not spilling coffee on it in the morning, but it’s so fluffy and warm and snuggly I’m never going to give it up. I call it my nap robe, which clearly means it’s a very important item of clothing." —M.A.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter. SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The woman has never been photographed in a bad outfit. I can prove this.If you didn't know who Irina Shayk was, you do now. She's a model—her resumé highlights include Victoria's Secret—and she's also Bradley Cooper's girlfriend. The two have a daughter together and have been dating since 2015. And for the most part, they've successfully kept their personal life under wraps. Until now. Ever since Cooper's wildly popular film with Lady Gaga, A Star Is Born, hit the award season docket, interest has mounted in Shayk and her relationship with Cooper. The private couple have made several red carpet appearances together in the last two years, which they rarely do, and we finally got to see just how gorgeous the pair are together. Shayk's red carpet style is just as stunning, too—she has no bad outfits on record, and we can prove this. Check out her style evolution, ahead. (Spoiler alert: thigh-high slit dress from Versace are her weakness.)Bradley Cooper brought his mother and girlfriend, Irina Shayk, to the Oscars. They all walked, hand in hand, down the red carpet together. Shayk, who wore a modest long-sleeve black dress from Burberry, watched the show from the first row with Cooper. Shayk went for a thigh-high Atelier Versace dress at the Golden Globe awards. It hugged her figure and showed off her statuesque frame.The duo, who rarely walk red carpets together, attended the Met Gala arm in arm. Cooper wore Tom Ford while Shayk wore a feathered Atelier Versace dress—she looked like a majestic phoenix. Shayk attended the 71st annual Cannes Film Festival for the premiere of Sorry Angel in a red-and-silver chain dress by Versace. The hip-baring number left no room for undergarments, which was just fine with the model, who looked confident and utterly fierce on the red carpet. Shayk walked the red carpet for the premiere of A Star Is Born with Donatella Versace at the 75th Venice Film Festival. The model's gold dress featured ruching in the front and a bottom side slit to show off her yellow heels. A clear fan of Versace, Shayk wore this two-toned ensemble from the fashion house for The Fashion Awards. The side slit went straight up to her hips, which appears to be her usual style MO. Just two months after giving birth, Shayk made an appearance at the Cannes Film Festival for the premiere of Hikari. She wore an Atelier Versace gown and Lorraine Schwartz jewelry.Shayk was pregnant with her first child with Cooper when she walked down the runway for the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show, though you can hardly tell. She looked sexy and stunning in her VS lingerie and trench coat. Plus, peep those thigh-high black boots.Shayk and Cooper walked the red carpet separately at the Met Gala. She arrived first for the Manus x Machina: Fashion In An Age Of Technology theme in a fluttery dress with stars and stripes from Givenchy.  One of L’Oreal Paris' ambassadors, Shayk attended a photo call for the brand during Paris Fashion Week. The model chose a red Dior minidress, emphasize on mini, which has been worn by the likes of Selena Gomez and Lucy Hale.No stranger to Vanity Fair's Oscars after-parties, Shayk arrived to the bash in this black mesh dress by Atelier Versace. She pulled a Kendall Jenner and skipped the underwear. Before we tell you, take a guess at the designer of Shayk's dress. (If you guessed Atelier Versace, you're correct!) The model loves wearing this label, and wore a strapless emerald dress from the fashion house to amfAR's 22nd Cinema Against AIDS Gala.The model attended the Met Gala (the theme was China: Through The Looking Glass) in a lavender embroidered one-sleeve dress by Atelier Versace. Shayk, a frequent visitor of the ASPCA, hung out with Gracie the American Bulldog in a casual button-up shirt and jeans ensemble. While this casual event called for a less glamorous approach to dressing, the model still looked put-together and polished in her outfit.For the 21st Cinema Against AIDS Gala, Shayk pulled off a blush pink Versace dress with a thigh-high slit. It looked like a more intricate version of her 2017 dress from The Fashion Awards.The model tested out the caped jumpsuit look at the 100th annual White House Correspondents' Association Dinner. The model arrived ready to party in a black Versace dress at the 2014 Vanity Fair's Oscars after-party. Shayk arrived to the 66th Annual Cannes Film Festival in a plunging neckline, cutout dress. The bottom part was completely sheer to reveal her shoes and legs.The model arrived to Vanity Fair's Oscars after-party in a cream-colored long-sleeve dress. This sexy look featured a plunging neckline and pleated fabric.Can Shayk pull off a white suit? The answer is yes. She wore this tailored two-piece outfit to the Rock of Ages New York screening. The model channeled the Oscars statue in her golden gown at the 2012 Vanity Fair Oscars after-party.For the 98th annual White House Correspondents' Association Dinner, Shayk chose a white jumpsuit with flared trousers. She kept it simple with a gold chain belt around her waist and carried a matching white clutch. Shayk's white Versace dress at Elton John's viewing party highlighted her bronzed skin. Like her past Versace gowns, this one had ruching around the middle and a thigh-high slit. The model made time in her busy schedule to catch a basketball game at Madison Square Garden in NYC. She dressed down for the event, wearing an all-black outfit with a gray cropped jacket.For a visit to the ASPCA during the holidays, Shayk held on to a pup for the cameras. She wore a sparkly black top, jeans, boots, and a festive Santa hat. With then-boyfriend Cristiano Ronaldo, Shayk attended the Marie Claire Prix de la Moda awards at the French Embassy in Madrid, Spain. She wore a peplum style dress with cap sleeves.The model kept it short and sexy with a black minidress for the premiere of Friends with Benefits in New York City.A frequent face at amfAR's Cinema Against AIDS Gala, Shayk wore this one-shoulder Grecian-inspired white gown to the party. It had just the right amount of sheer material, coupled with a thigh-high slit.Shayk posed with her cover of Sports Illustrated in a one-shoulder minidress. She was the first Russian model to ever grace the magazine's cover. In her early model days, the star loved a good minidress like this one. Here, she attended the Annual Charlize Theron African Outreach project at The Darby Restaurant in New York City. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			This baker doesn't believe in wearing aprons.In a bi-weekly series, we're interviewing female executives, founders, CEOs—basically, boss ladies—on their one "power suit" a.k.a. the outfit they wear every day for easy dressing to conquer whatever the job throws at them.Amirah Kassem is Instagram famous. Well to be more precise, her rainbow-colored cakes are Instagram famous. Kassem is the founder of Flour Shop, the bakery based in SoHo, New York, that created the famous Cara the Unicorn explosion cake. For a period of time, this was all I saw on my Insta feed, as everyone from top editors to the Kardashians raved over the colorful dessert (this was the cake served at North West and Penelope Disick's birthday party). "I was always making cakes for people at work"—Kassem worked in the fashion industry for Johan Lindberg at BLK DNM in her former life—"I woke up one day and decided I wanted to play with sprinkles for the rest of my life," she tells me.    In 2012 she started taking cake requests through Instagram. She made them in her apartment before her now-husband and CEO of Flour Shop, Ross Harrow, helped turned her visions into an actual company in 2016. "He decided to leave his job and join the Flour Shop fun when I started interviewing for a business and operations role," Kassem says. (Harrow was in strategy and experiential marketing previously.) "He saw the potential for the business and how it's a brand for spreading joy and the birthday lifestyle." Kassem, who had just celebrated her own birthday one day prior to our chat, believes that her company is about creating that pure, unadulterated joy that comes with birthdays.   And her fans believe in her message—just ask any of her 22,000 Instagram followers. That connection has led to a forthcoming book, titled The Power of Sprinkles, and a collection of kitchenware with Williams Sonoma, which she promises will contain "rainbow plates and all that jazz." A second store location is also in the works. (That's all she'll divulge for now, but you heard it here first.)So what does Kassem wear while creating all this joy and racking up all these successes? Contrary to what you might think, this baker does not wear an apron in the kitchen. Read on for insights into how she dresses for the day ahead. "I wake up every day at the same time before my alarm goes off, so usually 7 or 7:30 a.m. I feel like having a routine is really important. Before I even get out of bed, I blast music so it sets the mood for the day. My husband, thankfully, doesn’t complain about this. (Getting ready to Ariana Grande is key!) I also try not to go on my phone. One thing I do every day, too, is walk to the office, which is only three minutes away. It's important for me because I think about everything I need to do and line up my day, preparing myself for what’s to come. I start by going into the kitchen first. To give you an idea of the set up, geographically, the kitchen is located in the basement, followed by the retail level, then upstairs is my office for business-related activities, which is actually a WeWork space. We do everything in one building, which is magical.""I separate my closet by types of clothing, so I don't have to go through my entire closet to find something. There's a cocktail and evening section, a work section, a section for sweatshirts, etc. All my work clothes are casual and there’s almost a different attire to each floor of work, too. When I'm not in the kitchen, my outfit is glitter sneakers, a rainbow top, and jeans. Very simple, but very colorful and fun. I think the colors you wear and how you dress gives off a vibe of who you are, so dressing in rainbow helps explain to you who I am before you even talk to me. I limit myself to sneakers every single day—Vans specifically. I wear them 99 percent of the time and they're always rainbow and glittery. I tend to wear more high tops in the winter and slip ons in the summer, but Vans go with me to all three floors.""The most iconic thing I wear is my pink jumpsuit. I call it my work suit, my power suit. I don't like aprons because they feel temporary, like you'll get dirty only in this one area. If you see what we're doing in the kitchen, you need a full jumpsuit. This uniform gives me a sense that anything is possible and also a sense of empowerment, like "I've got this!" The kitchen can become a very serious place, so it’s important for me to remind myself why I am doing this and what I felt like as a kid to be in the kitchen, decorating cakes.  I actually had a jumpsuit a long time ago from ASOS and fell in love with that, but they weren't making that exact style anymore. I reached out to the brand and they were so amazing to then make me the jumpsuit of my dreams. The pink one-piece is now also the uniform for our workers in the store. We did 'Flour Shop them' by decorating them with patches and pins featuring smiley faces and rainbows, which make me so happy. I wear mine every day. Even when I bake at Williams Sonoma, I'll put on my pink power suit and go, let's do this. It's a feel-good outfit.""Playfulness, inner child, and self expression.""Sprinkles and smiles." And, "A woman's place is in the kitchen...of a company she built from scratch!"For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			From the pinks and reds at Marni to the blues and yellows of Max Mara.Over in Italy, Gucci creative director Alessandro Michele kicked off Milan Fashion Week with a pulsating light show—a spectacle that set the tone for the entire week. It's safe to say that Milan brought the color this season: From the pink and red combos at shows like Marni and Prada to the blues and yellows at Max Mara and greens at Versace (click through the below gallery to see all the looks), Milan has already set the bold color trends for next fall. Arrivederci Milano! 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			This is a BRAVE look.It’s a plain fact that you can always rely on a Kardashian-Jenner in one form or another to raise the naked levels to 100—no matter what the occasion. The sisters are experts in the art of  barely-there fashion, and the small matter of see-through fabrics, carefully placed crystals and confusing illusion pieces just ain’t no big deal in their wardrobes. Take Kendall Jenner’s dress at the Vanity Fair Oscars after party, for example, which not only looked completely incredible, but also defied all the laws of science, gravity and physics alike.When a thigh-high slit just isn’t enough, allow the 22-year-old model to introduce to you the hip-high slit. Accompanied by Caitlyn Jenner for the evening, Kendall rocked up to the celebrity-studded bash in a sequined gown which was basically naked from the waist down, with nothing but a draped, floor length section of fabric down the middle to keep things covered up.Don’t even ask me about the underwear situation here, because I honestly have no idea. Is it there? Is it not? What happens if it’s windy out? Is it not cold? The important questions never end.Aside from the butt cheek and thigh muscles going on here, Kendall’s statement black dress featured a plunging, halter neck cut-out up front, an amazing cut-out back, and ombre shaded detail at the waist. The dress did all the talking, so the model kept everything else simple with a bouncy blow out and pointed heels.PHEW. Just when your heart rate had resumed normal service after the "Shallow" performance, too.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			PSA: They're 70 percent off right now.The Oscars are done and dusted for another year, but I’m hoping that someone kept a golden statue aside for Duchess of Sussex Meghan Markle, who literally deserves some kind of award this morning for managing to tackle the muddiest royal visit venue in a pair of super high heels. On the final day of their PDA-packed appearance in Morocco, she and Prince Harry spent their first stop at the Royal Moroccan Equestrian Club Dar Essalam, where children with disabilities are supported through special equine therapy.The trip began with Harry and Meghan looking like something straight out of a Nicholas Sparks movie, as they spent a few minutes petting the horses living at the stables. Meghan cut a cool and casual figure for the appearance, and it’s a real throwback to the ex-actress’s’ pre-royal style days. The Duchess paired a classic, long-sleeved Breton stripe top with simple black skinny jeans, along with her trusty J Crew khaki jacket and a cute high pony tail. But, most importantly, Meghan proved yet again that she’s fearless when it comes to footwear. It's the stilettos at the rugby grounds all over again.Sure, suede heeled boots on muddy, unsteady ground might sound like certain disaster, but Meghan made it look like the very best idea in her Stuart Weitzman suede Brooks boots. The shoes are super versatile and effortlessly chic, with a slouchy shape and exaggerated pull tab on the back. Find you a Duchess who can rock four inch heels on a horse paddock.pic.twitter.com/HsPp82KIvrIf you’ve fallen in love with Meghan’s boots then it’s your lucky day, as the SW shoes are currently on sale at just under 70% off. Grab them quickly though, because we all know the famous Meghan Markle effect is still going strong every time.The Duke and Duchess of Sussex wrap up their three-day-long trip to sunny Morocco today with a visit to a cooking school, where they’ll give Moroccan children a hand to make a dish from the Grenfell cookbook launched by Meghan herself. Petting horses and eating great food? My dream vacation tbh.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			So many naked dresses. Celebrities like Jessica Alba, Gabrielle Union, and Sofía Vergara arrived early to Vanity Fair's Oscars after-party. They wore their best outfits, a.k.a party dresses, and posed for the cameras. But it wasn't long before they were joined by the rest of the Academy Award nominees and winners. Regina King rolled in with her Oscars trophy, and a new dress, while Lady Gaga stayed in her classic black gown while posing with her own award. Plenty of stars went for the sheer, see-through looks including Emma Roberts and Kerry Washington. Zoë Kravitz took it a step further by just wearing a bra and Kendall Jenner was practically half-naked from the waist down. See who followed the sheer trend and who ignored it. Everyone looked gorgeous.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here).In a Yanina Couture dress, Christian Louboutin shoes, Forever Mark jewelry, and a Jimmy Choo clutchIn a Christian Dior dress, shoes, and clutch with Azza Fahmy jewelryIn ChanelIn Brandon Maxwell and the Tiffany diamondIn Tom FordIn Stella McCartney In RodarteIn a Lela Rose dress and jewelry by Clean OriginIn Rosie AssoulinIn MESSIKA jewelsIn a Paolo Sebastian dress and Anita Ko jewelsIn GISMONDI1754 jewelsIn a Versace dress and clutch, Aldo shoes, and Roberto Coin jewelryNina in Brock Collection		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Boss babes. For any red carpet event, you can expect voluminous gowns and dresses with thigh-high slits. The 2019 Oscars certainly didn't lack those—but not all stars wanted to wear a fluffy tulle designer dress. Instead, actresses like Awkwafina chose to stand out in a designer suit. And while hers was super sparkly, Amy Poehler opted for an all-black glamorous ensemble. These two were joined by other celebs who rocked this menswear-inspired look. See them all, ahead.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here).		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Rachel Weisz, Gemma Chan, Angela Bassett, and more all wore shades of pink and red on the carpet.Gold is often the unofficial color when it comes to the Oscar dress code (it makes sense since, you know, Oscar himself wears gold every year), but in 2019, Valentine's Day hues dominated the red carpet. Stars including Helen Mirren, Gemma Chan, and Kacey Musgraves all wore shades of pink (and large, fluffy, tulle extravaganzas in shades of pink, at that), while Rachel Weisz, Emma Stone, and Jennifer Hudson wore bold red gowns that matched the carpet. It seemed like every other look was some pretty pinky number.Helen Mirren even commented on the fact that she and Jason Momao were coordinated when they took the stage to present the award for Best Documentary Feature together (men can wear pink!). Here, all the red carpet looks that gave us V-Day vibes. In Balmain. In Balmain. In Louis Vuitton.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The resemblance is uncanny!As one A-list star after another walked the 2019 Academy Awards red carpet, I held my breath for one particular celebrity: Lady Gaga. The singer and actress has been making rounds on the red carpet this award season for A Star Is Born, and she's kept us on the edge of our seats with her hair color changes (see: when she went blue for the Golden Globes) and voluminous gowns. So what, I wondered, would she wear for Hollywood's biggest night?If you were hoping for a bold color, you'd be disappointed—Lady Gaga instead chose a classic black dress by Alexander McQueen. She wore elegant black gloves to match. But if you thought this look was mundane, please take a look at her neck. It isn't just any diamond necklace: The sparkly piece was last worn by Audrey Hepburn for a Breakfast at Tiffany's photo shoot and is reportedly 141 years old (!!). Known as the Tiffany Diamond, it weighs 128.54 carats and was eerily reminiscent of the one Kate Hudson wore in How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days (as Twitter users also pointed out). If you recall, Hudson's character Andie Anderson attended a party and had the honor of wearing "The Isadora Diamond," which also happened to be a glistening yellow gemstone. Here's a side by side of Lady Gaga and Andie, for reference: I can't decide who wore the yellow diamond necklace better, but Lady Gaga definitely came dressed to win. (She's nominated for best actress and best original song for A Star Is Born.) Here's hoping she takes home an award, just so we can get more close-ups of the Tiffany diamond.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Update: Regina King won not only the highest, most gorgeous slit of the night, but also an actual Oscar—her first.Original post: Regina King just walked the Academy Awards red carpet dressed to win. The actress, nominated for Best Actress in a Supporting Role for her turn in If Beale Street Could Talk (surprisingly, her first Oscar nom!), chose a stunning white Oscar de la Renta gown that is every single level of WOW. The column gown features a narrow sequined layer at the top with a beautiful bodice that gathers at the waist where it meets a magnificent slit that is most accurately described as lower-hip-high rather than merely thigh-high.She isn't here to play, and why would she be? It's Oscar night and she's REGINA KING.King has some steep competition in the Best Actress in a Supporting Role category. She's up against Amy Adams for Vice, Emma Stone for The Favourite, Rachel Weisz for The Favourite, and Marina De Tavira for Roma, but watching her on the red carpet, King doesn't look one bit nervous—in fact, she looks like the queen of the red carpet in the ultimate lewk. Honestly, I want to wear this dress to my wedding, to my best friend's wedding, to my birthday party, to my next doctor's appointment.... I'd wear it anywhere and everywhere, it's so. good. But obviously I'd require someone to hold the train for me, just like Regina, because that's the kind of mood this dress commands (also, it's quite a train, so it seems pretty necessary!). Really, I'm just so here for all these pictures of various men holding Regina King's train:But seriously, the dress is incredible and Regina looks like the icon she is:Good luck tonight, Regina—I hope we get to see that killer dress on stage!For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			They're both elegant and sexy. The red carpet at the 91st annual Academy Awards is heating up. We're keeping one eye on all the designer gowns, bags, shoes, jewels, and another eye on how many naked dresses come down the carpet. Of course, this being the Oscars, the stars will keep their looks classy and elegant. Think a little sheer fabric here and there, maybe a thigh-high slit. Whatever naked dresses your favorite celebrities wear, they're bound to look gorgeous. See all of them, ahead.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here). 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The Oscars wouldn't be the Oscars without the incredible fashion (and no host, but I digress), and this year's 91st annual Academy Awards is no different. See what all the stars—from Lady Gaga to Constance Wu—are wearing on the 2019 Oscars red carpet, ahead. In Alexander McQueen dress and Tiffany & Co. diamonds In PradaIn Armani Privé dress and Forevermark diamondsIn Ferragamo In Tom Ford dress and Jimmy Choo shoes In Louis VuittonIn Brock CollectionIn Dior dress and Cartier jewelry In Vivienne WestwoodIn Jimmy Choo clutch and Chopard jewelry In Brandon Maxwell and Brian Atwood shoesIn Rodarte dress, Sophia Webster shoes, and Cartier jewelry In Chanel dress and Jimmy Choo shoes In Rodarte  In Celine by Hedi Slimane dress, Chanel jewelry, and Jimmy Choo shoes In Fendi dress and Fernando Jorge and Jacquie Aiche jewelryIn Givenchy and Bvlgari jewelry In Dior dress,  Jimmy Choo shoes, and Bvlgari jewelry In Jimmy Choo shoes In Darren Le Gallo dress, Christian Louboutin shoes, and Cartier jewelry In SchiaparelliHoult in Dior, Alwyn in Tom Ford In Elie Saab Couture dress and Nicholas Kirkwood shoes In Vera Wang dress and Jimmy Choo shoes 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Cue a washing machine and toothpaste purses.Always expect the unexpected from Jeremy Scott's Moschino shows. The creative director is known for his colorful and outrageous themes for his runway collections and fall 2019 was no different. Scott drew his inspiration from the game show The Price Is Right, where contestants guess the price of everyday retail items in order to win prizes. The models debuted TV dinner-printed purses, a hairdryer, a miniature replica of a laundry machine, a toothpaste bag, and the most fantastical creation of all: A life-size TV dinner cloak (worn like angel wings). In between, were detergent-inspired dresses and sweatpants sets. The show boarded on the extreme and was the perfect way to shake up Milan Fashion Week. •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here). 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I want to shop where they're shopping.Highlights from Milan Fashion Week included Fendi's fall 2019 show (its creative director, Karl Lagerfeld, had passed away on September 19) and the Daniel Lee's debut collection for Bottega Veneta (Lee had come from Celine). Models like Kendall Jenner and Kaia Gerber flew to Italy to be in shows, and Gerber even committed to bleaching her eyebrows for Prada's show. While the models off-duty looks and the runway gave us major outfit inspo, another place we spotted inspiration were the streets of Milan. The fashion crowd traveled from New York to London to Milan (the last stop is Paris) with plenty of Instagrammable outfits in tow. See what these stylish trendsetters wore to shows, ahead. •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here). 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Cue the mommy-and-me style moments.Meghan Markle has already mastered maternity style. She's worn everything from this elegant Oscar de la Renta gown to a more casual, body-hugging knitted dress. She's even made heels look somewhat bearable. Since the Duchess of Sussex is clearly a style maven, her future child, no doubt, will inherit her keen eye for fashion. I'm betting she's already prepped a list of brands she'll want to outfit her baby in—boy or girl (Meghan says she wants the sex of her baby to be a total surprise). Since I'm not privy to such information, I've made educated guesses, like retailers Meghan already knows and is familiar with (think: J.Crew and Burberry). Not only has she worn clothes from these outlets before, but...they also make super cute baby clothes. (Like, my-ovaries are bursting over the tiny Burberry rain boot, below.)  There's no telling whether Meghan will actually purchase children's clothes from these brands, but I'm hoping she finds this post and decides to use it for her next shopping trip. Check out the children's clothes available from the brands Meghan loves, then stay tuned for the mommy-and-me style moments. (Meghan is expected to give birth between the end of April and beginning of May.)Meghan Markle's closet is full of designer goods, but the Duchess of Sussex is known for mixing in affordable pieces too. She loves Aritzia, ASOS, and—everyone's favorite—J.Crew. She has been spotted in a few pieces from the retailer, including jeans and a woven clutch (as pictured above at the Sentebale Polo match). Since this store is already on Meghan's radar, she'll likely know about it's crewcuts section, which offers boys and girls clothing. The polished selections (I'm dying over that tiny navy blazer and gingham print dress!!) will ensure the royal baby looks put together and stylish. Here's hoping Prince Harry has a navy blazer like that so he can match a future son.Stuart Weitzman is one of Meghan's favorite designer shoe brands. She particularly loves the beige pumps, which I understand—their versatility justifies the high price. Though her future baby might not be borrowing moms heels anytime soon, I can see the child rocking a pint-size block heel flat from the brand. Stuart Weitzman luckily offers toddler to youth sizes in footwear for girls, ranging from ankle boots to sandals. The shoes are way less expensive than the adult counterparts. (Dammit. Is it weird to be jealous of a child?) Another place Meghan might look for affordable baby/kids clothes is H&M. In January, the Duchess of Sussex wore a knitted maternity dress from the fast-fashion retailer (there is only one more size left) while visiting The Mayhew, a charity that promotes animal welfare. Since the retailer covers pretty much all categories, including kids, Meghan will have no problem finding something adorable for her baby boy or girl. My personal picks for him or her? The floral dress and the sun hat that ties underneath the chin (because babies need sun protection, too).Meghan loves her Aquazzura heels. She wore the brand on her wedding day, on her first royal tour, and to her first Young Leaders Awards Ceremony. So good news: Aquazzura also makes kids shoes, should Meghan like the matchy-matchy look. From black lace-up flats (you can buy adult sizes here) to slip-on sneakers with pom poms, the kiddo versions of her beloved designer footwear are much more playful and cheeky. The only downside? The brand appears to only make shoes for girls, so if the Duchess of Sussex has a boy, he's, unfortunately, out of luck. Though might I suggest Hunters, like the pair Prince George has?Meghan first wore Dior while attending a service to mark the centenary of the Royal Air Force in July 2018. It was a navy boatneck fit-and-flare dress with long sleeves, which she matched with a blue Stephen Jones hat and Cartier earrings. That same year, she also invested in a  classic clutch from the fashion house and styled it four different ways while on her royal tour with Prince Harry. Thus, if Meghan wanted to add a little Dior sparkle to her child's wardrobe, we wouldn't be surprised. And, she can. The iconic brand first launched its Dior Baby store in 1967 and since then, has been dressing fashionable tots around the world. How cute would Meghan's baby look in either the blue onesie or pink dress, below?If Meghan doesn't get her child a Burberry trench, I will ship one as a gift to Frogmore Cottage. They're too adorable to handle! Plus, the brand's known for their coats—Meghan already has two different styles—so if the Duchess wanted to invest in classic designer outerwear, Burberry's the way to go. But she doesn't have to stop there because Burberry also makes the cutest little rain boots, trench dresses (she can match mom), and quilted jackets, which perfectly suits England's rainy, chilly days. Yup, I want everything (for my non-existent child).For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The Oscars have forever been the fashion Olympics for Hollywood's brightest stars. Style chameleons like Cate Blanchett and Nicole Kidman regularly steal the show, while risky contenders like Björk still live in our hearts (and memes). Ahead of the biggest night in film and television, we're taking a look back at the most memorable outfits of Academy Awards past. We can't stop staring at this royal blue Armani gown—complete with a corset, bow, and slit—on Nicole Kidman at the 2018 Oscars. It perfectly complements her skin tone, too. Margot Robbie looked like an angel in this white Chanel gown, which she wore when she was nominated for her role in I, Tonya. Tiffany Haddish's gorgeous gown was a tribute to the African country of Eritrea, where her father was from (he'd passed away the previous year). We're not crying, you're crying. Once more for the people in the back: Viola. Davis. Is. Queen. Eiza González brightened up the red carpet in a very yellow Ralph Lauren gown that shows less can be more.  Please observe the detailing on Janelle Monáe's fairytale Elie Saab Haute Couture gown. It was her first time at the Academy Awards, and she couldn't have nailed the outfit better. Aniston presenting an award in Atelier Versace proves that black doesn't have to mean boring. The open leg, v-neck style has been popular recently among celebrities like Jennifer Lawrence. We can't tell whether this geometric Ralph & Russo dress looks better from the back or the front. It's that gorgeous, and nobody could wear it as well as Chopra. Ruth Negga made sure her appearance at the Oscars was not one to be forgotten, thanks to this lacy high-neck scarlet dress from Valentino with a romantic sweeping train and a Renaissance-style headband. This va-va-voom Alberta Ferretti look on Taraji P. Henson is understated, but speaks volumes about her style, confidence, and killer body, as many Internet users pointed out. Rooney Mara in lace Givenchy, a.k.a. the dress of our dreams. Her slicked back hair and staple red lip adds to the elegance of the gorgeous sheer number. Aaaaand she nails the landing! Cate Blanchett (can she do any wrong?) is a vision in this sea-foam feathered gown by Armani Privé.McAdams chose a relatively understated look from August Getty (no over-zealous beading or abundant tulle), but she's subtly pulling off other Oscars staples, too—thigh-high slit, low back, and sweeping train—in a very refreshing emerald hue. Okay, so this outfit was technically from the after party, not the red carpet, but it felt impossible to leave out this stunning long-sleeve Louis Vuitton gown Gomez wore in 2015. One reason why we're thrilled Emma Stone ended up landing the role in La La Land: her auburn hair naturally vibes with the colorful frocks she chooses for red carpet events. Here, she's wearing a risk-taking Elie Saab gown in mustard yellow that 100-percent pays off. Pike looks like a statuette herself in scarlet Givenchy Haute Couture, perhaps playing off her unforgettable bloody role in the previous year's Gone Girl. Have you seen a chicer pregnant woman than Kerry Washington at the 2014 Oscars in this strapless Jason Wu dress? Pregnancy glow is real. The then-newcomer stunned in a beautiful aquamarine custom Prada gown with a Fred Leighton headband that landed her on many best-dressed lists in 2014.The giant tiered dress that caused the staircase-trip-seen-'round-the-world was a gorgeous haute couture gown by Dior. Giselle from Enchanted but make it fashun. Adams wowed in an Oscar de la Renta dress with an ethereal frothy train that she helped envision with the designer. It doesn't get much better than Cameron Diaz in Gucci. Acting icon and epic speech-giver, Meryl mimicked an Oscar statuette (in her signature red carpet style: floor-length dress and plunging neckline) with this gold lamé Lanvin gown.The Versace look that sparked its own Twitter account (@AngiesRightLeg) was the talk of Tinsel Town in 2012. Many saw it as a return to her cheeky younger red carpet image. It's definitely one way to ensure that your all-black dress is anything but boring. Talk about sheer (!). This simple yet elegant Chanel gown on Michelle Williams is equal parts demure and sexy. This aubergine gown by Rodarte was a double-header: a nod to the designer's role in her Oscar-winning movie Black Swan and a beautiful, enviably wearable maternity dress. The year Mila Kunis wasn't even up for any awards (she was presenting), but probably crashed Pinterest with her appearance on the carpet this lavender Elie Saab gown. Blanchett, a five-time Oscar nominee at this point, caused a stir in this Givenchy Couture pleated lilac gown encrusted with pearls.The stunning Oscar winner for The Blind Side exuded glamour in this floor-length metallic Marchesa gown and perfect pink lip.Katherine Heigl is the epitome of Old Hollywood in this one-shoulder red Escada gown, which she wore during her Grey's Anatomy days. The mermaid dress is tough to nail without looking like a prom dress gone wrong, but when yours is a couture piece designed by Jean Paul Gaultier—covered with intricate scale embroidery—you're in a whole 'nother category. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			At Milan Fashion Week, a tribute to Lagerfeld was left on each guest's seat.Karl Lagerfeld, the legendary designer who passed away on Tuesday, held creative director roles at both Chanel and Fendi. The Fendi show today at Milan Fashion Week marked Lagerfeld’s final collection for the fashion house, where he had worked since 1965. A tribute to Lagerfeld was passed out to every guest—a small card containing his signature and the date he passed away. As for the set, a "Love KL" (in his handwriting) design hung over the catwalk while the runway carpet was stitched with a calligraphic F. Lagerfeld's final collection for Fendi comprised of neutral jackets and trousers with a bright pop of sunshine yellow coats and turquoise skirts. See his final fall 2019 collection, ahead.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			A little game to keep you entertained during the commercial breaks. Here's a game to keep you and your friends busy during the commercial breaks of the 2019 Oscars. First, identify the year you were born (easy!), then scroll through the gallery to see the very best gown that popped up on the red carpet that year. Voilà! This is now your spiritual Oscars gown. From Lupita Nyong'o's pastel-blue Prada gown to Audrey Hepburn's iconic white dress and matching gloves look, the outfits ahead will go down in Academy Awards history as the most memorable. Margot Robbie wore this angelic white Chanel dress to the 90th annual academy awards.Brie Larson's Oscar de la Renta gown was all about the ruffle details and sharp angular strapless neckline. Kerry Washington looked like a fierce warrior in this Atelier Versace dress on the red carpet. Emma Stone dazzled and shined from every angle in this lime-green Ellie Saab dress. In our eyes, Lupita Nyong'o won best dressed at the 86th annual Academy Awards in this sky-blue Prada dress.You'll recall that Jennifer Lawrence accidentally tripped on her Christian Dior Couture gown while getting up on stage to accept her Oscar for Silver Linings Playbook. But no matter, she still looked beautiful. If you like a classic black gown, make sure it has a thigh-high slit so you can strike a pose like Angelina Jolie did. She wore this black velvet Atelier Versace dress on the red carpet. Mila Kunis arrived to the Oscars in this dreamy lavender Elie Saab Couture dress. Sandra Bullock accepted an Oscars for best actress in The Blind Side. She wore a Marchesa dress and Neil Lane jewelry. Frieda Pinto wore a blue one-shoulder asymmetrical John Galliano gown to the 81st annual Academy Awards. Marion Cotillard resembled a mermaid in this beautiful Jean Paul Gaultier halter neck dress. She won best actress for her performance in La Vie en rose. Jennifer Lopez arrived to the Oscars in a floor-sweeping Marchesa dress. Reese Witherspoon arrived to the Oscars in vintage Christian Dior. Later that night, she took home an Academy Award for best actress in Walk the Line. Beyoncé arrived at the 77th annual Academy Awards in a strapless Atelier Versace gown. Angelina Jolie attended the 76th annual Academy Awards in a white satin Marc Bouwer gown.Jennifer Garner channeled Cinderella (if Cinderella wore Versace) at the 75th annual Academy Awards in this designer dress.Kate Winslet looked bold and beautiful in this red one-shoulder-strap Ben de Lisi dress. Julia Roberts won her first Oscar for her performance in Erin Brockovich in this vintage Valentino gown. She still has the dress to this day under her bed (she's saving it for her daughter Hazel). Hilary Swank wore a strapless Randolph Duke gown the night she received an Oscar for best actress in Boys Don't Cry.Only Celine Dion and her spirit animal (you!) could pull off this backwards white blazer and pantsuit set with a very unique hat at the Oscars.Drew Barrymore kept it classic in black at the 70th annual Academy Awards.Nicole Kidman and Tom Cruise at the 69th annual Academy Awards. Kidman wore a yellow John Galliano for Christian Dior gown with a leg slit.Brad Pitt and Gwyneth Paltrow walked the red carpet arm in arm. Paltrow wore a shimmery silk dress, which continues to be a classic to this day.Courtney Love (left) and Amanda de Cadenet were #twinning at the Oscars in gold dresses and tiny tiaras. Winona Ryder arrived to the 66th annual Academy Awards in a flapperesque dress. Sharon Stone kept it classy with a sheer cover up at the 65th annual Academy Awards. Geena Davis walked the red carpet in a white ruffled gown and looked like a rather (glamorous?) runaway bride. Cindy Crawford arrived at the Oscars in a red Versace dress with a plunging neckline. Her date for the night was none other than Richard Gere.Geena Davis stunned in a red off-the-shoulder dress and pearl accessories at the 62nd annual Academy Awards. Jeff Goldblum didn't look too shabby, either.Audrey Hepburn arrived in polka dots and stripes to the 60th annual Academy Awards.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I'm a believer.In our biweekly series, editors share "the item they wear to death," whether it be a basic white tee or a super-trendy jumpsuit. Prepare yourself (and your credit card) for some guilt-free shopping. I never thought I could wear a jumpsuit, let alone to a formal affair. (Except for the handmade one I once wore to a wedding in the '80s—not my choice.) At 5'1, I thought they only looked good on women with legs for days. I liked the idea of them: they have the ease of a dress (no figuring out which top to pair with which bottoms) and the comfort of pants. And whenever I saw someone in a jumpsuit at a black-tie party, I thought she was the chicest, sleekest, most confident woman in the room. As much as I liked jumpsuits, I just never envisioned myself owning one. Then one day at a Golden Globes party, I saw someone almost as short as me rock a Rag & Bone one-piece and it made me think: maybe.    Fast forward to now, and I love my 3.1 Phillip Lim jumpsuit. Here's how I arrived at the choice: I’m a pants person, and my go-to for bottoms is 3.1 Phillip Lim; any of the dozen-or-so pairs in my closet could be their own Item I Wear to Death column, with their frayed hems and bums nearly worn threadbare from overuse. So I bought a black sleeveless tuxedo style jumpsuit by the label. (After all, they’re just pants with a top attached. Or are they tops with pants attached?)For a piece I thought was only for the statuesque, that I thought would wear me instead of the other way around, my doubts were unfounded. The unbroken line of monochromatic color makes me look taller (okay, four-inch heels help, too) and I like the combination of the masculine and feminine tailoring. And it has pockets! Thus, the jumpsuit has seen me through fashion events, charity benefits, awards ceremonies, holiday parties, fancy and not-so-fancy dinners, and power lunches. It can be dressed up or down. (Check out Sandra Oh pairing a black jumpsuit with sneakers post-Golden Globes hosting last month.) I don’t have to sit like a royal worried about modesty, and—unlike some of the dresses I own—I’m free to eat whatever I want. I feel unrestricted and relaxed, and I wouldn’t want to go to a party feeling any other way. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE NOW		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			They're only $70!In case you haven't heard: Meghan Markle's in town for her baby shower and she's been here for five days already! The public got their first glimpses of the Duchess of Sussex this afternoon when she was spotted leaving The Mark Hotel. Meghan wore a William Vintage Courrèges Haute Couture coat, a pair of black slim cut jeans, her Solange Azagury Partridge Love Ring, a gray tote, plus a pair of beige Stuart Weitzman suede heels. Lastly, she shielded her eyes with a pair of sunglasses. Meghan doesn't often wear sunnies in public too often (at least when she's on official royal duty), but it seems this look fits right in with NYC vibes, where stars often tried to remain incognito behind their sunglasses. This time, however, it didn't really work. A crowd gathered outside of her hotel to watch her get into a car. While we're still stunned that THE Duchess of Sussex is in our hometown, we were equally as curious about her shades. After some research, we discovered she's wearing these $70 Le Specs shades, which a representative for the brand confirmed.The "air heart cat-eye acetate and gold-tone sunglasses" are slightly oversized and crafted from glossy acetate with a strip of gold-tone metal. They're perfect for hiding behind if you're trying to avoid the paparazzi. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Classic tartans! Florals! Exaggerated silhouettes! This year at London Fashion Week, we were watching for three things: classic tartans; florals (lots of florals); and exaggerated silhouette shapes. The runways did not disappoint—from the fresh florals of Erdem to the variations on plaid at Pringle of Scotland, London Fashion Week was filled with new twists on old favorites. Plus, this year's London Fashion Week marked Riccardo Tisci's second collection of Burberry, and the debut of new brand ASAI led by Ta’s Asai. Here, some of our favorite moments.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Get these on your Pinterest board, pronto.The fashion crowd is traveling from city to city for fashion month. First up was New York, now it's London. With each destination comes new outfits, so "packing light" doesn't apply for this crowd. They'll need ample space to pack their tailored coats, of-the-moment boots, and bags—because you can't forget about accessories. Here, we rounded up the best outfits spotted on the streets for London Fashion Week. Cue the endless outfit inspirations.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here). 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The designer has passed away at age 85.As the fashion community mourns the lost of legendary designer and creative Karl Lagerfeld, we're taking a look back at his most memorable Chanel creations—and there are almost too many to count. Since he became the fashion house's creative director in 1983, Lagerfeld managed to keep both Coco Chanel's spirit alive through the famous tweed suits and classic touches while also injecting his own perspective into the brand. Lagerfeld never did anything short of iconic: His runway sets, like his fashion designs, were instantly legendary, creating everything from a full Chanel supermarket to a rocket ship to an iceberg to set the stage for an unforgettable experience. As a tribute to one of the greatest fashion icons of all time, here are Lagerfeld's best runway moments. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Remember the Eiffel Tower replica?Karl Lagerfeld, the designer who helmed Chanel for more than 30 years, passed away in Paris at the age of 85. Lagerfeld will be remembered for many things—his keen eye, his leadership of Chanel and Fendi, his off-the-cuff comments—but among them will be Lagerfeld's set designs, which were guaranteed to astound onlookers. Here, some of the most stunning sets from Lagerfeld's career at Chanel.For his haute couture collection for fall/winter 2017-2018, Lagerfeld commissioned a replica of the Eiffel Tower. For Chanel's fall/winter couture show in Paris for Fashion Week in 2011, models walked alongside a gigantic platinum lion.For the 2008-2009 fall/winter show in Paris, models walked from and onto a giant Chanel-themed carousel. You'll be sensing a theme here (Paris!), where models walked the fall/winter 2018-2019 runway in a set covered in leaves and larger-than-life trees.For the 2014-2015 fall/winter show, Chanel models walked with fake groceries on a grocery store set.Here, models walked on a runway designed to look like a pastel-perfect summer haven, for Chanel's 2019 spring/summer haute couture show. This time around, the runway was a space center, with a giant rocket taking off as its centerpiece. This was for the fall/winter 2017-2018 womenswear show in Paris.For the 2019 spring/summer womenswear show at Paris Fashion Week, Lagerfeld commissioned a beach-themed set. (Lagerfeld got to walk on the dock, obviously.)A (more) relaxed setting for the 2017 spring-summer womenswear show.For the autumn/winter haute couture show in 2017, the runway became a star-studded casino, featuring Julianne Moore, Kristen Stewart, and Lily-Rose Depp.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Even True Thompson is a fan.Maybe you've noticed all of your favorite celebs seem to be wearing similar jewelry pieces: simple, but still statement-making with unique shapes and interesting designs. I'm going to go ahead and let you in on their secret: it's probably from Miansai, the Miami-based dual gender jewelry line run by power couple Michael and Rachael Saiger.Despite the popular warning "don't mix business with pleasure," these two seem to have it all figured out. The combination of Michael's entrepreneurial skills and Rachael's stylist background, has resulted in timeless, minimalistic pieces that have gained a cult-like following.Michael started the line in his college dorm room with the idea that sleek and stylish bracelets can and should be part of a guy's every day wardrobe. Six years later, Michael hired Rachael to style a campaign for Miansai. After working together on a few projects, the two were—coincidentally—on the same flight from Miami to Hong Kong and  have been inseparable ever since. Rachael is currently the leading force behind the women's collection.  Now, just 10 years later, the brand has established its place in the heart of Hollywood. Legions of celebrities Zac Efron to Sofia Richie have been spotted wearing Miansai on the regular. Perhaps because the pieces are so versatile? We've rounded up a few of our fave stylings so you can shop them here. Wear the Mini Saints necklace on its own or layer it with gold chains—à la Sofia Richie. Pair it with a T-shirt and your look is complete.If Zac Efron is rocking a pinky ring, you can too.Yara has answered your questions on how to accessorize a statement dress without going overboard: this gold cuff.For 2019, everyone needs a sculptural earring equal parts high-fashion and refined.Just like Sofia Richie, Miley is layering her Mini Saints Necklace with a delicate gold chain making it feel so intimate. Note: T-shirts and layered gold necklaces is a trend.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's a vintage design, and it's a LOT.Across all five sisters, the Kardashian-Jenner women carry a legendary legacy in the art of naked dressing. No one does ‘barely there’ quite like Kim, Khloe, Kourtney, Kendall and Kylie when the occasion calls for it (and sometimes when it doesn't), but the latest look from Kim Kardashian West might just be the boldest that any of the Kardashians have ever dared to wear.Ensuring that your Monday morning begins with a healthy dose of underboob and several questions about gravity, the 38-year-old reality star last night shared a sneak peek of her red carpet look for Sunday night's annual Hollywood Beauty Awards. The mother-of-three stepped out in a bondage-esque cut-out dress which redefined all previous sense of the word ‘revealing’. The black floor length gown was actually vintage Thierry Mugler borrowed from the archives (Kim is loving wearing vintage at the moment), featuring a daring slit right up to the thigh, and a harness-inspired top half which only just kept her nipples covered. And when I say just, I mean ~*just*~. There is not enough tape in the world to guarantee security in this one. It goes without saying that the shocking naked dress stole the spotlight, but Kim styled the brave gown with matching leather wrist straps, and a super slick up-do hairstyle. Sharing pictures of her date  night with hairstylist Chris Appleton, Kim told Twitter followers that she was ‘really feeling the look’—although I bet she was feeling the cold a lot more.You know that mood when you’re really feeling your look 🙋🏻‍♀️RIP to the entirely transparent dress with an open trench coat, move over to the sheer crystal moment, and farewell to the Jean Paul Gaultier optical illusion. There's a new naked dress in town, and this one will really take some beating.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Kylie Jenner celebrated Valentine's Day in exactly the same way she celebrates every birthday, holiday, or occasion of any kind: In a very extra, very made-for-Instagram kind of fashion. The reality star/beauty mogul posted a picture of her Valentine-ified home on Instagram Saturday, complete with a metallic (and fully reflective) red carpet and a makeshift hallway of heart-shaped arches made of dozens upon dozens of perfect red roses. The Instagram photo shoot set celebration of love was completed with displays of white candles surrounded by yet more roses. Because this is Kylie we're talking about, there are multiple pictures and videos of the Valentine's display, which apparently came courtesy of her boyfriend, Travis Scott. In her first post debuting the elaborate set up, Kylie shared a picture of her one-year-old daughter, Stormi Webster, staring at the rose heart tunnel in awe, along with a video taking fans down the tunnel for the full effect.  "must be dreaming!! 🌹...," she captioned the Insta-gallery.  must be dreaming!! 🌹...A post shared by  Kylie ♥️ (@kyliejenner) on Feb 14, 2019 at 10:32am PSTNext, Kylie shared a shot of herself posing in the hallway of hearts and roses. In the picture, Kylie is laying on her side, looking all kinds of come-hither in a slinky red dress that totally steals the show.  🌹A post shared by  Kylie ✨ (@kyliejenner) on Feb 15, 2019 at 2:55pm PSTThat dress, it turns out, is (unlike many things the KarJenners wear) actually affordable for us normals—if it's the kind of thing you'd like to own yourself. SHOP ITThe Moments Mini Dress, from White Fox, costs just shy of $65 (before tax and shipping) and is still available for purchase in all sizes. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The '90s brought us "The Big Six." Need we say more?The Supermodels (with a capital S) of the '90s were pretty much as close to superheroes as we've come. These girls were celebrities in their own right, hosting tv shows, owning restaurants (Who can forget Fashion Cafe?), appearing in music videos—like the legendary  "Freedom '90" by George Michael—and killing it on the catwalk. While we have Gigi Hadid and Kendall Jenner  to obsess over, modern-day supermodels can credit much of their careers and their celebrity to the Big 6. Nearly three decades later, their impact on fashion and beauty can still be felt, and a few of them are even parents to supermodels of their own. Here's the women who ruled the runway in the '90s. No supermodel, or “anti-supermodel,” took the ‘90s by storm like Kate Moss. With her boyish, waifish figure and striking features, she was a far cry from the other cover girls of the time. The Croydon beauty was discovered at 14-years-old at JFK Airport by Sarah Doukas, the founder of Storm model agency and found instant success covering every fashion magazine and booking international campaigns—none more famous than her controversial Calvin Klein underwear ads, which she starred in at just 18.Naomi Campbell was discovered at age 15 while studying ballet at the the Italia Conti Academy of Theatre Arts in London. Her pyramid cheekbones, towering physique, and entrancing almond-shaped eyes were unparalleled. She would go on to walk for every famous international fashion house, as well as lead “The Big Six,” a group of supermodels with one very unapologetic attitude.After doing some modeling in her early teens, Linda Evangelista was scouted at a Miss Teen Niagara contest. She moved to New York in 1984 and had steady modeling work, but it wasn't until she took photographer Peter Lindbergh’s advice and cut her hair into a bob that she became a sensation. She went on to become one of the most famous faces of the ‘90s . Her famous confession that she doesn't "wake up for less than $10,000 a day,” will immortalize her forever.Stephanie Seymour became just as famous for her wild ways—and high profile relationships (she dated Axl Rose)—as she was for her “perfect body,” as Richard Avedon called it. During her career, she posed for most of the major fashion magazines, as well as Sports Illustrated and Playboy. She also appeared in two Guns N' Roses music videos, for "Don't Cry" and "November Rain.”Helena Christensen’s career began when she accidentally won the Miss Copenhagen competition (she thought it was a charity fashion show). She went on to represent her native country in the Miss Universe competition, and eventually began appearing in major fashion magazines, as well as campaigns for Chanel Versace, Prada, and Victoria’s Secret. Her topless appearance in the music video for Chris Isaak’s “Wicked Game” came to be known as one of the sexiest of all time.In 1987, 17-year-old Claudia Schiffer’s life changed forever when she met a model scout at a Dusselfdorf disco who convinced her to move to Paris. She found instant success in the City of Lights, and was chosen by Karl Lagerfeld to become the face of Chanel. Since then, she’s covered over 500 magazines and continues to star in campaigns for Chanel, YSL, Dolce & Gabbana, and more.Christy Turlington was discovered at 14 while horseback riding, and the rest was history. Speaking of history, Turlington also pursued degrees in comparative religion and Eastern philosophy. In the ‘90s, she was part of the supermodel “trinity' (which also included Naomi Campbell and Linda Evangelista) as one of the most popular cover girls. The Metropolitan Museum of Art declared her the “Face of the 20th Century,” and not without good reason—she’s fronted campaigns for Calvin Klein, Maybelline, Giorgio Armani, and many more.In high school, Tyra Banks landed a contract with Elite Model Management and appeared in Seventeen magazine within the year. After graduating, she planned on going to college, but bowed out in favor of being sent to Paris. She took the catwalks by storm, booking 25 shows her first season. As her career flourished, she allowed herself to gain weight and was fiercely proud of her curvier frame. Since then, she’s created and hosted America's Next Top Model and been outspoken on many controversial issues, from race to body image.There’s no one in the world quite like Kristen McMenamy—who else can brag that Karl Lagerfeld walked them down the aisle? As for her unconventional, androgynous beauty, she wasn’t immediately swept up by agencies. Early on, Eileen Ford told her she’d need plastic surgery to find success. Against the odds, she wound up modeling for the likes of Chanel, Versace, and more, as well as working with some of the most storied fashion photographers of the time such as Richard Avedon, Juergen Teller, and Steven Meisel.Eva Herzigová’s career began when she won a modeling contest in Prague at 16. She was known as the Marilyn Monroe of the ‘90s and appeared in Sports Illustrated, as well as high profile campaigns for H&M, Guess, and Agent Provocateur. She is most famous for her Wonderbra “Hello Boys” campaign, which she did in 1994. She went on to play Picasso's wife Olga Khokhlova in the movie Modigliani and starred in an underground film for French director Gaspar Noé.By the '90, Cindy Crawford was pretty much a household name, but it was that iconic British Vogue cover that transitioned her into supermodel-dom. An appearance with then-husband Richard Gere at the 1991 Oscars in a stunning red Versace gown and an iconic Pepsi commercial at the Super Bowl the following year pretty much confirmed her place. She hosted of MTV's House of Style, but nowadays Crawford leaves most of the modeling to her daughter, Kaia Gerber—a supermodel in her own right. But that hasn't kept Crawford from returning to the runway on occasion, most memorably closing the Versace 2018 spring/summer fashion show with several other '90s supermodels.Harlow was discovered at a concert for The Cure and began modeling straight out of high school, eventually appearing on numerous magazine covers, editorials, and in runway shows for designers like Alexander McQueen, Chanel, Marc Jacobs, and Versace. She later moved into a brief film career, popping up in films likeVanilla Sky, How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days, and The Jury. She maintained her modeling career well into the '00s, and in 2007, she was named one of the World's 15 Top-Earning Supermodels by Forbes, earning an estimated of $2 million. She keeps a low profile nowadays, but a video of her dancing at a photoshoot for Versace went viral in 2018. She also made a huge splash when she walked Versace's first show in New York City for their Pre-Fall 2019 collection after seven years away from the catwalk.Mulder was one of the first Guess girls, as well as an original Victoria's Secret model. She graced the cover of Vogue nine times (including the 100th anniversary issue) and was known for her classic, timeless beauty—her nickname was even "The Blonde with Class." In 2000, Mulder retired from the modeling industry, and has spoken out about its dangers and her struggle with mental illness. She left fashion, and now focuses on her music career. Bruni began her modeling career at 19, and eventually became one of the '90s highest-paid fashion models, working for designers and fashion houses such as Guess, Christian Dior, Givenchy, Paco Rabanne, Karl Lagerfeld, John Galliano, Yves Saint-Laurent, Chanel, and Versace. In 1997, 10 years after her career began, Bruni retired from modeling to pursue a career in music, and has released six albums. In 2008, she married then-French president Nicolas Sarkozy after a brief romance, and has become involved in the political sphere.Less of a household name than her fellow '90s supermodels, Patitz joined Christy Turlington, Linda Evangelista, Cindy Crawford, and Naomi Campbell for that legendary British Vogue cover. She was also in the George Michael music video for "Freedom '90," and was considered an original member of "The Big Six." Patitz appeared on over 200 magazine covers during her career, including seven covers of American Vogue and 13 covers of British Vogue, and has modeled in campaigns from Chanel to Ralph Lauren. She now lives on a ranch with her son, is passionate about animals, and occasionally still models—from time to time.  ...For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Nobody tells you the best time of the year to buy a new pair of boots is actually when winter is coming to an end (or at least we'd like to pretend it is). Case-in-point: Sarah Flint, one of Meghan Markle's favorite shoe brands, is currently having 30 percent off select styles on its site until February 20. If adding another pair of boots to your collection sounds like a nightmare, there are plenty of kitten heels and flats to choose from for post sweater weather. Do something nice for yourself and shop our favorites, below. •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I'll be your cape for all seasons.Scrolling through Instagram, it seems like everyone is wearing their jackets and blazers draped gently and elegantly over their shoulders. And most of the time, it's easy to wonder how they manage to keep it that way —Does it defy the laws of slippage? How is it staying up? What happens if you have to raise (or, you know, move) an arm?—but the look is to die for, so it makes sense that everyone is trying to make that off-the-shoulder-drape work. Thankfully, a solution exists: the cape-blazer.We saw the cape-blazer—a style that manages to stay in place without restricting your arm motion—on the national stage courtesy of Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez at the 2019 State of the Union, and now, this current trend can make its way into your wardrobe. While we're still deciding if it's a cape-blazer, or a jacket-cape, or a blape, or a jape, or a modified poncho—here are some of great options to into your wardrobe.Yep, it's the same one Alexandra Ocasio-Cortez made famous—she rocked Zara at the State of the Union, and you can keep things professional in this cape-style jacket with pronounced shoulders.If you're looking to keep it casual yet chic at your courthouse wedding or rehearsal dinner, this versatile cape-blazer is perfect for you. Wear it over a dress, or pair it with a pair of slacks and a fitted top, and you'll be wedding-ready and fashionable on your big day. This cape-blazer comes in a big, bold print, and is sexy enough to keep the attention on you all night long. It can be dressed up for dinner and drinks, or even better, paired with a pair of slouchy pants and a chic flat for movie night. (The cape definitely can double as a blanket.) Part superhero, part 9 to 5. Roll up to brunch in this double-breasted cape-jacket with wide lapels, and blow them all away with how chic you look. Eggs Benedict won't have anything on this tailored cape-blazer.It's bright yellow, and you'll steal the show at every summer shindig. Pair this cape-blazer with shorts and a tank or a breezy day dress, and you've got the perfect Saturday afternoon look. Going to an Easter bash, or a Memorial Day celebration? This cape-blazer can go effortlessly from day-to-night. It's longer than the others featured on this list, and its hook-and-eye feature means the eye is drawn to the waistline—pair this one with a floral crop top and a pair of jeans, and you're perfectly springtime casual.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The buttercup-yellow gown would be gorgeous on the red carpet.After helping Japanese designer Tomo Koizumi pull off his show in the basement of Marc Jacobs' Madison Avenue pop-up store, Jacobs himself showcased his own fall 2019 collection. Closing out NYFW, as he always does, Jacobs played with proportions, sending bubble-shaped outerwear and floral dresses down the runway. Some models topped off their outfits with hats from Stephen Jones (yes, the same label royals like Kate Middleton and Meghan Markle wear). Karlie Kloss, Gigi Hadid, and Kaia Gerber were just some of Jacobs' It girls chosen to model his creations before an audience of 180. If you missed all the action, catch every runway look of his ahead.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here).		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			In last night's glam appearance at the Victoria & Albert Museum for the 100 Women in Finance event, Kate Middleton paired a floaty pink Gucci dress with the most perfect drop morganite and diamond earrings, designed by Kiki McDonough according to multiple sources. And the last time she wore them, it was for a particularly meaningful event for the duchess—the wedding of her sister, Pippa Middleton, to James Matthews. The earrings were special edition, which also means the style is on the older side (good for her, but bad for me emulating her style in every way). However, there are similar styles on the brand's website that are still in stock. According to HELLO!, Kiki McDonough is one of Kate's absolutely favorite jewelry designers. "She particularly loves the brand's cushion drop earrings, which she has in green amethyst, pale pink and yellow gold." If you love it, buy it in every color, I always say. Also, Kate loves to make a sentimental statement through her jewelry (just like Meghan Markle!). She just wore Princess Diana's Diamond and South Sea Pearl earrings, a much-loved pair by the Princess of Wales, for the first time at the BAFTAs. So not only are Kate's jewelry choices gorgeous, but they're actually significant for her too. As a reminder, this is how Kate wore the Kiki McDonough earrings to Pippa's wedding in 2017, to pair with her petal-pink Alexander McQueen outfit:And here's a close-up of the pair from last night: So sparkly!For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			So, who's ready to party?For Michael Kors' fall 2019 show, he brought the audience back to the nostalgic days of Studio 54. The designer sent over 70 looks down the runway, ranging from sequined one-shoulder dresses to colorful boas paired with with floral gowns. And if you had any doubt Studio 54 was the theme, Kors plastered the former nightclub name on black tees and tanks in glittery letters and numbers. For the finale of all finales, the curtains pulled back to display a wall of gold tinsel and guests were treated to a show by Barry Manilow, who was singing "Copacabana." Kors then took his bow with legendary model Patti Hansen. Missed the whole party? Catch up with the runway looks, ahead. •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here). 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I came for the drama and the clothes.Many women agonize over what to wear on a first date: Something cool and flattering that you feel great in, but that doesn't look too extra or over-thought. When you're about to start something possibly life-changing, you want your outfit to be special. Pity you rarely have that same control and specificity when you end the relationship. But in the movies, they do. Costumes play a major role in expressing a character's personality and details about the world around them, so it's no surprise some breakup outfits have become as iconic as the movie themselves. Who can forget what Kate Hudson's character wore when she ended things with Ben in How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days? (That low-back yellow silk gown!) In honor of all the fierce women who have had their hearts broken—or done the breaking—we're taking a closer look at the very outfit they wore when the drama unfolded. After all, I came for the style and the spectacle. Elle Woods (Reese Witherspoon) is all dressed up for her date with Warner (Matthew Davis) because she thinks he's going to propose before he goes off to Harvard Law School. The dinner goes off the rails when Warner suggests they end things because he needs to "marry a Jackie, not a Marilyn," implying she isn't intellectual enough. (Though joke's on him when Elle also gets into Harvard.) The low-cut halter neck dress is just one of the many pink ones Elle wears in the film—call it her power woman color, because she definitely uses this moment to propel herself forward.In this sequel, Mia Thermopolis (Anne Hathaway) must find a suitor in order to become queen. She chooses Andrew Jacoby, Duke of Kenilworth, (Callum Blue) and prepares to marry him even though they don't love each other. Mia calls off the wedding at the altar, much to Andrew's relief too. It was a sad but beautiful moment made all the more stunning by Mia's off-the-shoulder lace gown—certainly fit for royalty—which was created by costume designer Gary Jones.This movie has multiple storylines, one of which centers on an aspiring chef/dreamer Dominic (Michael Ealy) and Lauren Harris (Taraji P. Henson), a type-A, go-getter. In this scene, Lauren suggests "taking a break" while wearing a button down and knee-length pencil skirt, speaking to her #bosswoman vibes. We were rooting for you guys! In this heart-wrenching scene, Big (Chris Noth) gets cold feet and calls off the wedding before realizing he's made a dumb mistake. As he tries to hail down  Carrie's (Sarah Jessica Parker) limo, she gets out in her gorgeous Vivienne Westwood gown and smacks him with her wedding bouquet. Serves him right. We still get chills every time we watch Andie (Kate Hudson) step out in this silky yellow dress created by costume designer Karen Patch. She even "frosts" herself with a stunning Harry Winston Isadora necklace. Though she looks lovely and happy in this movie still, that smile isn't forever. She and Ben (Matthew McConaughey) get into an explosive fight at his company party after finding out their relationship was based on a bet. Well, two bets. The lovebirds break up and Andie, sadly, has to hand back her necklace. (Don't worry, though, it has a happy ending.) Andrea Sachs (Anne Hathaway) is embracing her fashion girl makeover and looks incredible—screenprint silk top, well-tailored black blazer, blunt-cut bangs—but her personal life is about to fall apart. In this scene, her boyfriend Nate (Adrian Grenier) says they have nothing in common since she's been working at Runway; hurt, Andy suggests they take a break  since she's about to head to Paris with her boss, Miranda Priestly (Meryl Streep), anyway.  Marisa Ventura (Jennifer Lopez) shows up to a fancy political fundraiser determined to break off all contact with senator-hopeful Christopher Marshall (Ralph Fiennes). She catches the eye of everyone in the room with her strapless pink gown and Harry Winston necklace and, of course, Christopher becomes even more obsessed with her. They end up spending the night together, but she officially leaves him in the morning. Vivian Ward (Julia Roberts) develops feelings for Edward Lewis (Richard Gere) and wants a real relationship with him, one that he can't give to her, or so he thinks. When they part ways, Vivian is pictured wearing a salmon-colored shorts suit set (so '90s) that basically says, "I'm an independent woman and I don't need rescuing." Cady Heron (Lindsay Lohan) throws a party at her house while her parents are away and invites her crush Aaron Samuels (Jonathan Bennet) over, hoping to seduce him. She wears a body-con pink and black dress with her red bra straps peeking out because, it's 2004. Things don't go as planned when Cady, who's had too much to drink, accidentally insults him and vomits on Aaron. At the end of the movie, Astrid (Gemma Chan) officially leaves her husband Michael (Pierre Png) after discovering his affair with another woman. She realizes that he's given up on their marriage and it's not up to her to make him feel like a man. Astrid walks away in a badass pair of high-waisted white trousers and floral blouse. The feminine yet tailored vibe suits Astrid's strong and willful, but also sensitive, soul. An heiress, Allie (Rachel McAdams), and a poor quarry worker, Noah (Ryan Gosling), have a summer romance, but their relationship is short-lived. Allie's parents forbid her to see Noah, the two get into a fight and break up. Allie tearfully watches Noah drives away in her pristine collared dress, cardigan, and pearl jewelry.  The clothes in this movie reflect each character's personality to a T. Reese Witherspoon's character, Annette Hargrove, is pictured wearing a lot of light colors, like this sweet pink dress and cardigan, to imply innocence and chastity. In this scene, she's dumped by Sebastian Valmont (Ryan Phillippe), after he tells her she means nothing to him. Though this was all a result of lies and evil manipulation by his stepsister, Kathryn (Sarah Michelle Gellar). Crazy Rich Asians does it again. Rachel Chu (Constance Wu) looked like Cinderella in this blue Marchesa dress she dons to attend a wedding with her boyfriend, Nick Young (Henry Golding). Everything seems like a fairytale until a secret comes out and it ends Nick and Rachel's relationship. She leaves the party in her beautiful gown, dejected and humiliated by Nick and his mother. In this flick, the clothing actually plays a role in the breakup. Emma (Natalie Portman) and Adam (Ashton Kutcher) started off with a no-commitment relationship, but eventually develop feelings for each other. Adam's the first to admit this, and takes Emma out on a post-work date. While exploring a museum exhibit outdoors, Adam carries her coat and attempts to help her put it on when she gets cold. Emma rejects the sweet gesture and the two start to bicker. Adam tells her he loves her, but she doesn't want to hear it (out of fear of eventually being hurt). And that's it for their casual relationship.No one can work the LBD better than Jennifer Aniston. In this scene, her character Brooke ends her relationship with live-in boyfriend Gary (Vince Vaughn). He calls her a nagger and control freak while Brooke views Gary as selfish and immature. I know what you're all thinking: Gary, don't be a dumbass! Look at her! Apologize. Despite her mom's best efforts to turn her into a lady, styling her in dresses and skirts, Monica (Sanaa Lathan) stays true to her tomboy image and love for basketball. She finds a fellow companion and, eventually, lover in Quincy (Omar Epps), a fellow basketball player with immense talent. The storyline follows their romance to college where the two struggle with balancing their relationship needs and their duties as top-performing athletes. This leads to Quincy ending things with Monica because he feels like she prioritizes basketball over him. Monica, naturally, is wearing a team jacket. Sebastian (Ryan Gosling) and Mia (Emma Stone) part for good after he helps her land a role in a film that will eventually kick start her career as a famous actress. Though the two still love each other, they both want to pursue their own dreams and are uncertain of their future together. In this final, bittersweet breakup scene, you'll notice that they're both wearing blue, a color often used to symbolize peace and strength.  		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Which one is your favorite?For Laura Kim and Fernando Garcia's fall '19 Oscar de la Renta collection, they drew inspiration from their travels. The Mosque of Córdoba in Spain set the scene and tone for the designs. Models walked down the runway in dresses inspired by antique carpets, and Bella Hadid's closing number was a dress that gave a nod to Islamic decorations. The collection, as a whole, spoke to customers of all tastes (smart tweet jackets shared the same catwalk as a feathered high-low dress and bralette top). The gowns, though not as voluminous as ones in past seasons, definitely kept our eyes glued to the fall collection. Check out the entire collection, ahead.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here).		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You don't have to overthink with these pieces.You know that effortless jumpsuit or sweater you just grab from your closet and run out wearing? Well, Gabriela Hearst just designed a whole collection full of those easy-to-wear pieces for fall 2019. Hearst debuted two-toned sweater dresses, single-breasted blazers with trousers, monochromatic knits, and sleek trench coats we can see the likes of Meghan Markle wearing. Everything, and I do mean everything, falls under that no-fuss-yet-elegantly-sophisticated category of clothes that we all want in our closets. See the entire collection ahead, then start making your fall shopping list now.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here).		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Adding them all to my wish list.If there's one thing to take away from Coach's fall 2019 collection, it's the array of must-have coats. From oversize shearling outerwear to supple leather trenches, worn by male and female models, the brand's coat game was strong. In addition to the outerwear, there was kaleidoscopic printed dresses, plaid cardigans, and fringed pieces. Creative director Stuart Vevers tapped into the vivid moodiness of the fall/winter season without completely pulling you into the darkness. As for who witnessed these creative designs, front row stars included Michael B. Jordan, Chloë Grace Moretz, Maisie Williams, and Dylan Sprouse. Check out the full collection, ahead.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			We've been blessed with SO many royal engagements in 2019! This morning, Kate Middleton is attending the Royal Foundation’s "Mental Health in Education" conference. And she just stepped out in a gorgeous black and white, double-breasted tweed suit, giving me major work inspiration for my next big event (I work from home, but STILL).Kate arrived without a coat, looking warm and picture-perfect as she stepped out of the car for the outing. Her hair, as it often is, was down and curly in soft waves. So far, what we have for the outfit IDs are that the jacket and matching skirt are either bespoke Chanel or Dolce & Gabbana (and potentially a new outfit for the duchess), per the British press, the black shoes are from Tod's, her black envelope clutch is by Mulberry, and her earrings are Kiki McDonough.  Even though tweed can sometimes look stuffy, Kate added high, pointed heels, which, combined with the frayed edges of the skirt and jacket, gave the outfit a more modern and updated feel. The conference will discuss mental health issues in schools. That's a cause that Kate and William particularly focus on, and have been prioritizing in the past few weeks. Here's a video of the outfit in action: The Duchess of Cambridge arrives for a Mental Health in Education conference pic.twitter.com/PuJxp5XFb8And here are pictures of the full outfit: Aaand a closeup of her clutch (look at how her suit complements her ring!):Later this evening, Kate will be attending a gala for Mentally Healthy Schools at the V&A Museum in London, so here's hoping she stuns just as much as that gorgeous white BAFTAs dress. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I'm not mad about it.Are tiny bags taking over the world your closet? According to the fall 2019 shows, absolutely. We've seen this trend pop up in the spring '19 collections, and now we have definitive proof it'll still be in for autumn. Fashion houses like Brandon Maxwell and Carolina Herrera accessorized their models with miniature handbags, ranging from crossbody clutches to tiny trunk-shaped boxes. Though small, the bags made a statement with their cute and structured styles. It might be time to downsize from your tote bags and weighty satchels this year. Check out all the mini-bags from the catwalks, ahead.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here).		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Bookmark this. Michael Kors' spring 2019 show was filled with punchy prints and sun-kissed models, as though the models had just gotten back from a tropical getaway. They wore bucket hats, surf shirts, and easy cotton dresses. While this was on theme for the spring season (that's when everyone starts thinking about vacation), Kors' fall 2019 collection will no doubt be different. Now, the designer will have to account for sweater weather and the season of layering. Though not much has been revealed about his show on Wednesday, February 13, the iconic designer definitely will have something cool up his sleeves. The runway event will be held at Cipriani in the Financial District of NYC, the same spot Nicola Glass of Kate Spade showed her fall '19 collection. As for the model line up, we're betting MK favorites Bella Hadid, Grace Elizabeth, and/or Ashley Graham will make an appearance.If you're wondering how to catch the show (aside from having a ticket to the event), we can help with that. We'll live stream the runway spectacle right here! Bookmark this post, then come back to this page on Feb. 13 to watch everything go down.And...don't forget the popcorn!For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Wes Gordon is injecting youth and bold colors into the Carolina Herrera brand while maintaining its sophisticated, ladylike flair. The designer debuted his fall 2019 collection at the New York Historical Society in NYC today, and the hues ranged from poppy yellows and tangerine to electric blues. (My favorite look was a one-shoulder blush gown with an orange sash weaved in from the side.) Gordon played with volume in every design, from the tops to the flouncy skirts that made me want to twirl in them. Bless the people lucky enough to wear these fall '19 creations. See them all, ahead.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You don't need a front-row ticket to see the styles.Fashion month has officially started, and first up is New York City. (If you couldn't tell from the flock of well-dressed people posing in front of your local coffee shop to the lady stopping traffic in the middle of the street—all for the perfect shot.) Guests have been journeying all around the city to check out shows like Khaite (who made its runway debut), Kate Spade, Longchamp, Tom Ford, and Carolina Herrera. But good news, you don't need an actual ticket to see what went down on the runways. We rounded up our favorite outfits from each show, ahead, so you can see what's in for fall 2019.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here)		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I'd even trade in my sweatpants for these.At Longchamp's fall '19 show in New York's Financial District, Hollywood power players packed the front row—from Kendall Jenner and Kate Moss to Emma Roberts and Angela Sarafyan. The stars were there to take in the fashion house's 40-piece collection, which ranged from studded black leather skirts and belts to bohemian printed dresses. "The idea was to take the Parisian attitude and silhouettes and mix it with the New York sensibility, which is more urban and graphic," explained creative director Sophie Delafontaine to WWD.  Leaning into the travel theme, the models even walked down a runway inspired by the carpet on the iconic Concorde. Ahead, some very chic jet-setter outfits.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			So many parties, so little time!If the 2019 Grammys red carpet impressed you, wait until you see what the stars wore to the after-parties. Celebs like Lady Gaga changed into a blazer and bra look for Mark Ronson's bash, while stars like Ashlee Simpson loved her dress so much, she wore it straight to the after-party. Though some of the nominated artists and talent might have lost out on a Grammy or two, their after-party outfits were winners in our eyes. See the best party looks ahead.In Jennifer Fisher jewelry In Jennifer Fisher jewelry 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Nothing's gonna stop Cardi.Cardi B made quite the entrance at the 2019 Grammys in her Mugler couture dress. The look, which was pulled from the designer's 1995 archive, resembled a pink clam shell, with Cardi as the pearl in the middle. She continued the Little Mermaid-meets-glam theme during Cardi B's performance of "Money," but things got a little darker—like, Ursula under the sea dark. The singer switched out of her pink dress for a see-through spotted leopard catsuit complete with a black feathered back piece. She was also dripping in diamonds (it's unclear whether they were real or fake), the centerpiece being a beautiful choker necklace. While performing, the sparkly accessory came undone and fell off her neck. Ever the true performer, Cardi continued on like nothing happened. Meanwhile, a Twitter user pointed out the irony of the situation—the singer has a line in her song, "Diamonds on my neck," and then her own diamond necklace goes MIA. Before you start panicking, though, the necklace was likely recovered right after the show (if real, it probably came with its own team of security guards).And if you missed the incident entirely, don't worry.  Lucky for you, we kept a close eye on the star and managed to pinpoint when the necklace fell off and have videos/photos to prove it, below. Just watch at the 1:54 minute mark. The necklace just...falls right off. Here's a photo of her with necklace: And here's a photo of her without necklace:Cardi B, you still killed it tonight onstage.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The stars are not holding back.On the Grammys red carpet, the stars do not hold back. Over the top dressing is par for the course. Celebs have worn everything from plunging neckline dresses (remember this J.Lo Versace look?) to sculptural designs that defy the laws of gravity. One theme always reigns supreme, though,. and that's the naked dress. Stars like Sibley Scoles are leading the pack on the 2019 Grammys red carpet in see-through, sexy looks. It's almost like they're really wearing nothing. Check out the best of the sexiest, ahead.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Though Ariana Grande decided to sit this one out, plenty of your favorite artists from Kacey Musgraves to Post Malone will be performing at the 2019 Grammy Awards. It wouldn't be a night of music without some over-the-top fashion—this year's red carpet is already filled with bold prints and, yes, naked dresses. See the best looks from the night, ahead. In Balmain and Jimmy Choo pumps In Ralph & RussoIn Tiffany & Co. diamondsIn Giuseppe Zanotti shoes and Bvlgari diamondsIn Celine dress, Jimmy Choo shoes, Platinum by Tiffany & Co. diamondsIn Kimberly McDonald jewelry In Balmain and Djula jewelryIn Le Vian jewelryIn Ralph & Russo dress, Nikos Koulis diamonds In vintage Thierry MuglerIn Ralph & Russo and Christian Louboutin shoes In Jean Paul Gaultier and Tiffany & Co. diamondsIn MuglerIn Versace dress and Bvlgari diamondsIn CoachIn Jimmy Choo heelsIn Brian Atwood shoesIn Aquazzura shoes and Bvlgari diamonds In Monsoori and Amwaj jewelryIn Coach and Elegance Inc. ring		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Tory Burch is an iconic brand and a major player in the "affordable luxury" market, alongside other consumer favorites like Michael Kors. The brand, which launched in 2004, is also a Fashion Week staple and it is debuting its hotly-anticipated Fall Winter 2019  line in New York today. Models will start walking the Tory Burch runway at 12 p.m. EST (which is 9 a.m., if you're tuning in from the west coast). We don't know exactly what to expect from the Fall Winter 2019 line itself, but we know that the show will be spectacular and star-studded—Tory Burch shows always are. Celeb fans like Sienna Miller, Jessica Alba, and Zoey Deutch are frequently found sitting front row as models walk the runway and, when it's time to shoot campaigns, the brand aligns itself with top talent like Black-ish and Grown-ish star Yara Shahidi. The brand is also constantly playing with innovative ways to reinvent the runway experience. For the fall 2018 collection show, for example, Tory Burch sent models down a grassy runway filled with 14,000 pink carnations. If you can't attend the Tory Burch FW19 Show in-person, don't worry. We have a livestream that will give you a front row seat to the show from the comfort of your own home. Watch the livestream below: 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Gwendoline Christie, Rowan Blanchard, and Bella Hadid walked the runway in voluminous dresses.I wasn't sure what to expect when I walked into the Marc Jacobs store on Madison Avenue to see the debut collection from Tomo Koizumi—a Japanese designer Jacobs and stylist Katie Grand discovered on Instagram. But as soon as Rowan Blanchard walked down the stairs to open the runway show, wearing a lavender tulle confection, the audience knew we were seeing something special. From the frothy, supersize dresses to the star-studded casting (Bella Hadid, Emily Ratajkowski, Karen Elson, Joan Smalls, Taylor Hill), the show was electric, and fun. The highlight? Queen Gwendoline Christie closing the show in a rainbow tulle explosion of a caped jumpsuit. See Tomo Koizumi's complete fall 2019 collection ahead.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Last season at Kate Spade New York, the pressure was on for newly-appointed Creative Director Nicola Glass to deliver her first-ever collection for the brand. "Spring was my first show, so I couldn't sleep the night before," she says to me backstage. She had nothing to worry about—the show exceeded all expectations. Today, she was back again with a second collection, and revealed she was less nervous and actually slept. "I’m excited. I think the fall '19 collection feels like a natural evolution from the spring," she says. "This season, it's all about soft glamour. I started off by thinking of a woman’s closet and where things end up rather than where they originated from. There are lots of rich deep tones, animal prints, florals, and color blocking." Optimism and femininity continued to be the bread and butter for Glass in her fall collection, with pieces coming in stunning mustard-yellow and rust orange hues. Animal prints in the dresses were echoed in the handbags, and models sported head wraps that made you want one too. Just one don't ask Glass to choose between animal or floral prints in her future collections—she loves both "equally." Ahead, see Glass' style vision for fall 2019. It's looking bright.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			There are Insta-worthy looks everywhere.The atmosphere of New York Fashion Week inspires just about everyone to test-drive new trends or switch up their look, even if it's just for a day. Maybe it's because everyone else is "dressing up," or you feel a duty to look cute at shows—whatever the reason, the street style crowd brought it. Already, we've spotted a host of Insta-worthy looks, from a blue tulle skirt paired with chunky yellow sneakers to an effortless all-beige ensemble. Luckily, the weather is on our side so far, allowing the fashion crowd to shed their heavy-duty winter parkas for skirts, dresses, or a lightweight suede trench. Don't just listen to me ramble on, though—check out some of our favorite street style looks, ahead.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Winter has been tough. You deserve this.Look, I know what you're thinking: Isn't it a little early to shop for a wedding happening in the spring? The quick answer is...no. If you've ever tried to look for the perfect wedding guest dress, you'll know that planning is crucial—last-minute dress orders usually result in a piece you feel meh about. Like anything else in life, giving yourself time to weigh your options leads to a happier outcome. Plus, now's the time to take advantage of those winter discounts on your favorite spring/summer pieces. (That Self-Portrait dress you love? Yeah, it's 50 percent off.) Ahead, the dresses you'll be thrilled to own before the big date arrives.Spring weather calls for light, flowy frocks—like a slip dress. (The smooth satin won't hang heavy on your body.) This number from Topshop has a cowl neckline and asymmetric hem design. It even comes with a slip of lace insert to make it look a little different than your nightgown at home.  The great thing about shopping for a spring dress in the middle of winter? Sales. Especially on designer pieces like this Self-Portrait dress. The item was originally $485 (plus tax, might I add), but is currently on sale for $291 (!!). Scoop up this cold-shoulder floral design before I do.When the weather is still mild, you can get away with wearing sheer long sleeves at weddings. This navy floral option has a fluttery high-low hemline and charming ruffle trims along the shoulders. As one online reviewer noted: "Would highly recommend for casual to dressy." For a wedding that's fancier than a boho-beach-chic gathering, try this metallic midi gown. The color may be darker than the floral prints of spring, but the shiny material keeps the look light and airy. Style with black heels to match the bowtie details on the shoulders. This elegant blush dress is appropriate for every season, so you get the most bang for your buck. You can wear it in the fall/winter with a furry cream coat, sparkly earrings, and heels. Come spring/summer, you can skip the outerwear and accessorize the dress with a woven clutch and espadrille sandals.You'll stand out, but won't overshadow the bride, in this flattering sky-blue crepe dress from Rebecca Vallance. Ruffles run diagonally from shoulder to waist, and are mimicked from the hip down for a unique look. Meanwhile, the elongated grosgrain ties give everyone an excuse to stare at this dress from all angles. For casual weddings that will allow you to wear just about anything, here's a pink tie dye dress. The coloring is a departure from your usual floral prints and pastel hues, which will make you stand out from the other guests. Be that trendsetter now, because—surprise—tie dye is going to be huge come spring.If the reception is outdoors (on grass or sand), a minidress is a good alternative to long gowns. You won't have to a) worry about picking up your train every five minutes and b) getting your dress dirty. To keep it classy and not clubby, try this Victorian-inspired fluttery dress from Rebecca Taylor. To keep with the feminine feel, wear with lucite heels and carry a baby blue clutch. This dark green dress is my pick for a piece that looks like a million bucks, but costs only $45. The wrap front maxi has delicate straps and side ruching that draws the eyes down to the sexy thigh-high slit. Since the dress is plain, it's the perfect item to style with bold statement jewels.This dress has everything: lace, ruffles, inner lining, and a unique bust. The details work together cohesively to give you the ultimate fancy springtime wedding guest dress. It'll be a crowd pleaser, so get ready for the compliments. This Isabel Marant dress is from the brand's pre-fall 2018 collection, though you can easily make it work for spring 2019. Puffed sleeves are still in next season, and the striking red floral print is an easy way to welcome warmer weather. Wear with a red-orange heel or navy sandals. •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			That silver dress has my name written all over it. You go to a Tom Ford show for the glamour, the tailored pieces, and the iconic suits. Gigi Hadid walked the runway in a red suede suit jacket, while a male model rocked an all-leather set. Silky trousers, furry hats, and shiny puffer jackets broke up the suit pack in the designer's fall 2019 collection. My favorite piece: A toss up between the white cape dress and the silver, shimmery gown that closed out the show. If someone doesn't snag that dress for a red carpet event, I just might. Check out every Tom Ford runway look, ahead. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I'll take one of everything, please. To celebrate the unveiling of their massive New York City flagship renovation, Saks Fifth Avenue has partnered with more than 50 designers—from Givenchy to Rebecca Minkoff to Chloé—to bring us an exclusive new collection of purses, belt bags, and wallets (and make our dreams come true). Luckily, the goods are not only available on the new main floor of Saks' 611 Fifth Avenue store, but right here, as well. Below, our top ten favorite picks to splurge on—you deserve it! This clean and graphic "Love" belt bag makes our heart melt—and its hands-free design makes it perfect for concert-goers and festival-lovers. Rebecca Minkoff Rainbow Stripe Belt Bag, $178 SHOP IT  Inspired by the New York City subway system, this bright Strathberry crossbody is way prettier than anything we've ever seen underground. Strathberry, East/West “Subway Lines” bag, $850SHOP ITThe pop of blue translates this classic Prada shoulder bag into a one-of-a-kind beauty.Prada Blue Cahier Shoulder Bag, $3,100SHOP ITOwn the office with this classically shaped sidekick. Givenchy Medium Crossbody in burgundy aged shiny leather & black matte lambskin, $2,990 SHOP ITWe love this piece because it easily transitions from a more formal top-handle purse to a relaxed shoulder satchel. Chloé Marcie Satchel Dark Brown, $2,130 SHOP ITThe print (and skull clasp) is to die for on this whimsical standout. Alexander McQueen  Small Jewelled Satchel,  $3,490 SHOP ITKeeps you warm, keeps your stuff safe. We can't ask for much more out of this edgy belt bag. Alexander Wang Attica Belt Bag in Mink, $2,900SHOP ITPerfect for spring brunch dates, this structured, ladylike satchel is a your newest warm weather essential.ALAÏA,  Mina Small Tote, $2,890 SHOP ITThe neutral color of this Chloé catchall makes it the perfect partner for pretty much any outfit. Chloé Marcie Mini Motty Grey, $970 SHOP ITIf you're one of those extremely organized people I've heard so much about, you'll love this playful, clear shopper tote. Anya Hindmarch Clear Mini Shopper Tote, $750SHOP IT...For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter. SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			In our biweekly series, our editors will be sharing "the one item they wear to death," whether it be a basic white tee or a super-trendy jumpsuit. Prepare yourself (and your credit card) for some guilt-free shopping.I live in Boston, or as I like to call it, the Icy Frozen Tundra™. We JUST dealt with a polar vortex, and I’m convinced we haven’t seen the last of the snow this season. So why, you may ask, am I giving you a recommendation for a t-shirt? A couple reasons, really. I love Everlane with a deep, abiding passion. I love that they practice ethical manufacturing (no, really, you can look inside their factories). I love their transparency; they don’t have sales because the prices aren’t falsely hiked up. I love that they try to be eco-friendly. I love them so much that I own…*does a quick mental calculation* items from AT LEAST seven categories on their website. The next reason is that, whether it be -14° or 90°, layering is key. This tee goes under—and over—all kinds of outfits with ease, because it’s well-constructed and loose-fitting without being overwhelming, boxy, or unflattering. If you happen to like a more fitted look, you can size down. Thirdly, it’s incredibly adaptable. It’s easy to throw on for casual coffee. It’s good for looking chic while sightseeing and on day trips. It’s a must for vacation. I can knot the shirt if I need to shorten it. (Fun fact: That’s actually a dress layered underneath, not a skirt.)And I can dress it up on a night out with friends—paired with coated skinnies and heels.As you can see, I own said tee in three colors: light pink, white, and black. My pink one doesn’t have that little pocket square that the other two do, but I love both styles. It’s 100-percent cotton, which means I might have to iron out a few wrinkles, sure, but it also means the shirt is gloriously soft. My wishlist might include the black-and-white striped version and heather gray #sorrynotsorry.I could write a whole separate piece about how the white one, in particular, is its own kind of perfect. I can’t see my bra underneath it. It’s not too long—and I am teeny of stature (not even 5’2” on my very best day). It’s forgiving: I can eat, move around, raise my arms, AND sit in it, which has to be a modern miracle. It's also a staple for when I need to brave the elements/wait for my Lyft Line to arrive.When I transitioned from the fashion of my youth (tight, a lot of poly blend, much too trendy) to the style I have now, I began treating clothes as investments. My New Year's resolution is to practice conscious consumerism, so when I buy something, I want it to last for years. But the great thing about this shirt is that it’s not even that expensive. And if you buy two or more things on Everlane’s site—which I've done so many times it’s comical—shipping is free. Everlane The Cotton Box-Cut Pocket Tee, $16 SHOP ITFor more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			12 custom editions, 15 masterclasses, an exclusive video series, a one-year subscription, plus $25,000 worth of deals.This is a modal window.Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window.End of dialog window. Our sister brand BAZAAR.com has seen its fair share of weddings, from Haute Couture masterpieces in Paris to weeklong celebrations in India with celebrity performances.  We have also seen what happens when Pinterest goes too far and trends take over: Basic, all-white weddings; tasteless bridesmaids dresses; stiff, uninspired wedding hair and makeup; and ill-fitting gowns are only a few of the missteps in the mix. But that won’t happen to you. We have covered royal weddings and celebrity unions and styled endless fashion and beauty editorials. Now, BAZAAR has created a first-of-its-kind membership for brides planning the ultimate wedding—and for all lovers of all things weddings.Consider BAZAAR Bride your high-touch highlight reel of fashion, planning, decor, entertaining, and expert advice—no matter how long (or short) your engagement. Expect A-list ideas, stunning dresses and accessories, nonstop visual inspiration, and curated vendor and venue lists.In 12 weekly editions, which arrive directly to your inbox over the course of three months upon subscription, we'll share our secrets to styling, planning, and curating your wedding. In addition, expect weekly in-depth masterclasses from our Rolodex of the best in the business—like Monique Lhuillier's guide to dress shopping, how to plan the perfect honeymoon, and Daniel Martin's insider tips to looking as elegant and fresh as Meghan Markle. Members will have access to 15 BAZAAR Breaks, which offer deals on products and experiences we know you’ll love: like $1,500 off a custom-designed stationery suite from Yonder Design, a friends and family perk on a Black Tomato honeymoon, and 15 percent off jewelry and fashion from Happy Isles, Armarium, Danielle Frankel, and so much more.For education from the industry's best, binge our members-only video series, aptly named By Invitation Only, which dives deep into fashion, floral design, and photography with Vera Wang, Putnam & Putnam, and John Dolan.In the BAZAAR Bride Ultimate Membership, subscribers will also unlock unlimited access to weddings on-site for one year. Remember when commemorating an engagement meant buying the bride a stack of wedding magazines to flip through? This is that stack: elevated, curated, digital, and delightful.From: Harper's BAZAAR US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It seems 2017 was the year of sheer.  Kendall Jenner's here to de-throne big sis Kim Kardashian for queen of most naked dresses of all time. Both women love a risqué look, especially on the red carpet, but Jenner is also not afraid to rocks the no-bra + mesh top look as part of her everyday wardrobe. The model has spoken out about going braless in the past, saying, "It’s sexy, it’s comfortable, and I’m cool with my breasts. That’s it!" (We totally agree, by the way.) To celebrate the fact Kendall completely owns this style, we've put together a gallery of her best naked outfits.During an event with Tiffany & Co., the model wore an Elie Saab see-through minidress. Though the event was ostensibly about jewelry, we can't really concentrate on anything else beside this short and sweet designer number.Longchamp doesn't just design bags, they create gorgeous gowns too. Kendall, who is the face of the brand, donned a horse motif lace gown from them for a party at Opera Garnier in Paris. Love.For her appearance at the Cannes Film Festival, Kendall wore this angelic Schiaparelli tulle number with a white and silver belt. The see-through gown looked dreamy as she floated down the red carpet. Later that night, the model bared it all during a Chopard event in this seaweed-green mesh number from Alexandre Vauthier's fall 2016 couture collection.Airport attire should be comfortable and there's nothing like being almost naked to achieve that feeling. Hence, Kendall's sheer top and legging ensemble. (Unrelated, but those boots are to die for, too.)Style tip from Kendall: When your pants are baggy and you don't want to feel frumpy, pair with a crop top (though her choice was basically a bra). Kendall showed up to the 2018 Vanity Fair Oscar after-party in a ruffled minidress with plunging neckline by Redemption. Those sleeves, that hair, 100.For The Fashion Awards in London, Kendall walked the red carpet in a head-turning sheer dress by Julien Macdonald. Who is her personal trainer because I need to know how she got those back muscles?For Paris Fashion Week, Kendall wore a sheer top with strategically placed star patches. Because the top was just mesh, she stayed warm with a furry cropped jacket.The model attended Harper's Bazaar's 150 Most Fashionable Women event in a sheer bustier gown from La Perla and Mattia Cielo jewelry. As the face of the lingerie brand, she definitely had no qualms about rocking this look. The model makes a solid case for wearing lingerie as clothing here. She attended a La Perla event during Milan Fashion Week wearing a nude lace bodysuit, silky champagne-colored pants, and a furry brown coat. One of the most talked-about looks of the 2017 Met Gala, Kendall stunned in this jaw-dropping La Perla Haute Couture naked dress and Christian Louboutin shoes. She wore a black thong underneath and let her cheeks peek through. This look went even further than her cutout dress from the year before.After walking the Met Gala red carpet, Kendall changed into a transparent yellow top and lace-up skirt that looked ripe for a wardrobe malfunction (luckily, none happened to the model). Kendall shed the layers for summer with this white dress while out and about in NYC. And because wearing a bra is torture in the heat, the model understandably skipped it.Instead of wearing a solid colored bra underneath her mesh top, the model wore a beige mesh bralette. Though it did nothing in terms of coverage, that doesn't matter; it provided an air of sexiness to her blazer and jeans outfit. This was the year Kendall really owned her "free the nips" narrative. In addition to the red carpet, the model also worked in see-through pieces to her street style ensembles, like this beige airport outfit.For the MTV Movie Awards, Kendall wore a Kristian Aadvenik dress and Lorraine Schwartz jewelry. To balance the high-low cut of her dress, she wore an extreme pair of lace-up heels from DSquared2. For the 2016 Cannes Film Festival, the model wore a sheer Cavalli Couture gown in silk tulle. The transparent material was covered with embroidered black velvet and intertwined gold lurex snakes. If we wore this, it would look like we're heading to bed. But on Kendall? It's nighttime chic. (Life's totally not fair.) She wore this lacey white dress and outerwear ensemble to the Chopard Wild Party at the 69th Annual Cannes Film Festival. I admit I modeled one of my birthday looks after this outfit. The star let her Givenchy bralette steal the show underneath a black sheer top. She wore a pair of ripped jeans with sock boots to give the outfit a purposely disheveled but cool vibe.The model donned two revealing birthday outfits in 2016. One was this Julien Macdonald jumpsuit, which she wore with a green furry stole from Charlotte Simone.The other was this custom Labourjoisie minidress, which was a nod to the early days of Paris Hilton's style. The heiress even gave the model a shout out, telling Vogue, "We were laughing about how the dresses look exactly alike and she looked stunning in it, it was such a beautiful dress. To see that re-created just brought back a lot of memories."It's always a game of "who wore the most naked dress" at the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show after-party. Kendall put in her bid with this shiny Versace number. One of our favorite street style looks from the model is this white, open-front top. When paired with cropped jeans and Chanel espadrilles, it made for a crisp west coast look that was also subtly sexy.The model's love for wearing sheer attire can be traced back to 2014. Here, she attended the MTV Video Music Awards in a tailored black jumpsuit that showed off just a bit decent amount of skin on top.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She doesn't...yet.Gift giving can be stressful as a rule, but gifting your mom is a new level of stress. I mean, she's already out-gifted you in every way—the woman has given you life (literally!), a roof over your head, food, your entire family, your first bicycle, everything. You name it, your mom has you covered. Good news: For Mother's Day 2019, I've tried to outsmart the kind of woman who already owns everything she wants. From original getaways to custom personalization, take a look at these super original ideas for the gift she won't have even realized she needs.Maybe you can't buy your mom a diamond ring or gold necklace this Mother's Day, but you can buy her a monogrammed leather jewelry case. This Cuyana jewelry case is super-thoughtful in its design, with special compartments for every kind of jewelry you could dream of. SHOP ITShe already has everything, right? Help her organize it. California Closets create custom closets, from a shoe closet to the hall closet, that will transform her every day life. Your gift? A professional design consultant who will take everything she already has and make it feel like new. If you're not her favorite child already, this mask will take you straight to the top. With this gift, you'll be encouraging her to run a bath, light some candles, slather on this face mask, and truly relax. When she rinses it off, she'll look and feel incredible.My go-to gift this year when I don't know what else to get: The gift of experiencing something new. From concert tickets to a cooking class, this has pretty much saved my life. That said, I'm sure the mom who has everything has also been everywhere. Everywhere except this crazy escape to Oman and the Maldives. Black Tomato offers a thorough itinerary, full of seven nights of spa hopping. Pure bliss.Trust me, no exercise mat compares to this Manduka charcoal mat. Your mom didn't realize she needed this, but she'll never exercise in the same way again. Because the mat is made with charcoal. it makes it non-slippery, which is key in any kind of exercise class. Plus, it's made of natural tree rubber, so it's eco-friendly and help her feel more zen.Okay, I don't have everything and even I want this. This is the chicest way for your mom to arrive to her next dinner party. Champagne in a brass and acrylic box, and accessorized with a printed scarf? Tell me if it's possible to make a sleeker entrance.This new addition to the Away luggage family is the gift to buy this season. It's the perfect update to your mom's luggage collection—it's unbreakable, designed beautifully, and guaranteed to last for life. For your mom, there will be no other way to travel but in style.This will be the best $13 you ever spend, I swear to you. I've been through dozens of slippers, and never once has my foot been in something like these. Even if your mom has all the slippers in the world already, she can't turn these down. These faux fur-lined slippers are like a slice of heaven on her feet. Mom, we know you work hard, so relax.When I asked my own mom what her ideal gift would be, she answered, "Sleep." You ask? You shall receive. These noise-masking, soothing sleep buds are a dream come true.Again, this is about taking something ordinary your mom already owns (like workout leggings) and making it extraordinary. Designed by the most stylish mom of all time, Victoria Beckham, these leggings will take your mom from the gym to out with her friends and keep her looking amazing.  SHOP ITYou might be thinking, why does she need another backpack? This baby pink backpack isn't just any ol' backpack - it's actually a cooler. This Corkcicle bucket bag is the ultimate 2 for 1. It's not an ugly plastic cooler that she would arrive to picnics with in the 80's, but a chic back pack with a leather handle that can hold  12 cans or 8 cans and 2 wine bottles. I think this has you covered. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Everything is $40 or less.  Actress Sofia Vergara is known for looking ~amazing~ on the red carpet. Now, she's venturing into more casual clothing for her new line, Sofia Jeans by Sofia Vergara, available exclusively at Walmart.com. The Modern Family star collaborated with Walmart on the collection that boasts more than 100 denim items, including jeans, jackets, blouses, and graphic T-shirts. The best part? You'll find jeans in sizes 0 to 20 and shirts in sizes XS to XXXL. Oh, and everything is $40 or less. While Sofia has always seemed down to earth, this line is proof that she just, ya know, gets it.  "I live in my jeans! From going to the store, or to a business meeting, or to a night out partying, jeans are a must-have item for women," Sofia said in a press release. "I wanted to design a line of great-looking jeans, perfect for daytime casual or dressed up for night, and fun tops, that are comfortable and affordable." She added that she was "thrilled" to create a collection that could help women of various sizes feel comfortable strutting their stuff—and look darn good doing it. "Everyone’s body is different. Every body is beautiful and should be celebrated," Sofia said.  You'll want to snap up these cute pieces from her collection ASAP: From: Women's Health US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			So wearable and over $100 off.There’s a few things of Kate Middleton’s that you may be a little envious of—her forever perfect hair, for starters. The British prince husband might also take a fairly high spot on the list. But c’mon, Kate's wardrobe is always going to be number one. Name a single royal appearance in which you haven’t wanted to steal her entire outfit from head to toe. See? You can’t, it’s impossible.Unfortunately, for us non-Duchess folk, Kate’s wardrobe often also comes with a hefty, suitably royal price tag to match but today, the universe is being a little more kind. Following Kate’s visit on Tuesday morning to a school in Enfield, London, it might be worth noting that her super chic, extremely covetable ankle boots are currently on sale—with almost $150 off (!!) I mean, you’re basically saving money here.On her visit to support Places2Be’s Children’s Mental Health Week, Kate chose to wear a lovely, spring-ready, bespoke green dress by Eponine. Along with black tights and a simple black Mulberry clutch, Kate rocked the LK Bennett Marissa boots—a classic design made from soft suede, with an impressively high block heel, and pretty eyelet lacing.Straight from one of her favorite British designers, they're oh so wearable, completely versatile to dress up or down, and look extremely comfortable.I’m not sure why I’m still writing, because the Marissa Black Suede Bootie is currently down in sale from $495 to a much more reasonable $346.50, and I need to buy these immediately. Thanks for the inspo, Kate!For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			With a bright green dress by Eponine.Since the year began, Duchess of Cambridge Kate Middleton and Duchess of Sussex Meghan Markle have both decided that brighter is better, stepping out for their royal engagements in a selection of vivid colors. Meghan started her 2019 in clashing red and purple shades, while Kate has so far stepped out in vibrant fuchsia, and a bold red party dress.Continuing the new Duchess dress code, Kate arrived for her latest appearance on Tuesday morning at Lavendar Primary School in Enfield, London, in what might be her brightest look to date. Seriously, sunglasses are advised for this lovely, spring-ready look.Visiting in support of Places2Be’s Children’s Mental Health Week, Kate chose to wear a fun green dress by Eponine, which fits perfectly into the current neon trend. The textured dress also featured some quirky detail with two pocket cut outs at the waist. Luckily, the simple, long-sleeved shape and thick boucle wool kept the Duchess covered enough to forgo wearing a coat or jacket, but she did play it safe with a pair of black tights for a little extra warmth. Your bank balance can breathe a sigh of relief, as it seems that Kate's Eponine dress may be a bespoke piece, made especially with the Duchess in mind by one of her favorite, go-to designers. However, she styled it with a pair of impressively high, lace-up ankle boots from LK Bennett that we all need in our wardrobes, along with a simple black Mulberry clutch bag, and her signature bouncy blow out.Later today, the Duchess of Cambridge will also visit Alperton Community School, 15 miles away in Wembley, London. At both schools she visits, per the palace, Kate "will find out more about the support offered to students, teachers and parents to help with mental wellbeing.”For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Well, we still have the 2019 ceremony to go.Celebrities and stylists work hard during award season to find the perfect look for each red carpet event. But try as they might, sometimes the ensemble just misses the style mark. Before you know it, the star is a meme (gasp!), getting double-taps on Instagram because it's funny, not fashionable. The silver lining? Another event is just around the corner, with another person landing on the worst-dressed list. In the spirit of award season and the #throwback pics that make you LOL (it's like looking at old prom photos), here, are the worst Oscar outfits of all time. The highlight of the 2015 red carpet was definitely Lady Gaga's red gloves, which spawned plenty of memes. My favorite? The Lady Gaga "cleaning starter pack."St. Vincent took a risk at the 2018 Academy Awards in this Saint Laurent look. It's hard to hate anything from the iconic fashion house, but this runway ensemble didn't work IRL.  Icelandic artist Bjork's swan dress is probably the most iconic on the list of worst dressed. The look was designed by Macedonian designer Marjan Pejoski, who actually made two copies of it as it could not be dry cleaned. One was auctioned off for $9,500 in 2005 (!!) and Valentino even paid tribute to this swan ensemble in its spring 2014 couture fashion show.  The singer's dress for the 74th Academy Awards resembled a rainbow cake explosion. We're not sure what made Hill decide on this look, but it's a hard pass from us.  The actress looked like she was drowning in her dress at the 76th Annual Academy Awards. And question: Are the gold and blue embroidered pieces remnants of a vest? We're confused.I saw this dress and immediately thought "Count Dracula." Sorry, Whoopi. The actress looked twice her age at the 2001 event when she stepped out in this gray dress with a fringe neck shawl. I prefer to remember her in this 2014 Atelier Versace look instead.The iconic star was the "Belle" of the ball in this yellow ruffled number at the 2009 Academy Awards. Costumer designer Lizzy Gardiner wore a dress made out of gold American Express cards to the 1995 Academy Awards. The cards were real, but had expired. That year, she won an Oscar for Best Costume Design for The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert, though in an ironic twist of fate, this dress landed her on worst dressed lists.The star wore a strapless Christian Siriano creation to the 2018 Academy Awards. From the front, the gown looked great. From the back? That's another story. The year is 1974. The outfit is a leopard printed bikini underneath a spotted furry coat. Perhaps she had a back up gown...in the car?The actress arrived to the 1996 Oscars in a Dolce & Gabbana gold gown. She matched the Academy Award statue. The actress looked like she was ready to fly away in this semi-sheer multi-colored dress at the 2007 Academy Awards.  At least Moore can say she was an early adopter of biker shorts. The actress looked like a runway Las Vegas bride at the 1992 Academy Awards. The star arrived to the 1990 Academy Awards in a white gown with one shoulder ripped off and a corseted bodice. The look did not seem comfortable at all.The actress and Tyra Banks (see next slide) should have gone to the Oscars together, as Swank's Dior dress was more suited for prom than the Academy Awards.The model's giving me sugar plum fairy vibes with this poufy purple gown dress from the 2000 Academy Awards.Bellatrix Lestrange is that you? Carter appeared to channel her Harry Potter character's preference for moody colors with this black-and-white multi-layered dress at the 2013 Academy Awards. Two questions: how is that skirt staying on and is that headpiece heavy? Cher wore this dominatrix-meets-fortune teller outfit to the 1986 Academy Awards and it was just as memorable as you'd expect. Heather Mills arrived in lacey separates for the 74th Annual Academy Awards in 2002. In hindsight this outfit wasn't the best choice for a fancy red carpet event—especially the Oscars, where glamorous gowns or sleek pantsuits are de rigueur. The comedian wore a gray David Meister dress to the 2013 Academy Awards. Though the dress had some embellishments on the shoulder and sleeves, plus ruching in the middle, it just hung on her frame. We'd love to see her in a brighter look. The actress and singer arrived at the 2007 Academy Awards in a brown Oscar de la Renta look. Though the dress itself was fine, her cropped outerwear reminded us of something The Tin Man would wear.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Plus: her advice for anyone for anyone looking to get out of the Instagram bubble.If you haven't heard of Charlotte McKinney, prepare for her to be everywhere. You may recognize the model and actress from her appearances in Baywatch and Dancing with the Stars, her social media presence (she has an astonishing 1.4 million followers on Instagram) or from her gorgeous campaigns with Guess and Carl's Jr. Now, McKinney is moving into the fashion design world—is there anything she can't do?—as the face Guess’ swimwear campaign and designer of the newest capsule collection, ICON. McKinney designed 12 styles for the collection, which goes live on March 14, and features stylish, feminine designs offered in leopard prints, flirty gingham, bold polka dots, and graphic stripes. Read McKinney's thoughts on her capsule collection, social media, and what's next for her, below.When I first started the design process, I wanted it to be authentic to me whilst keeping that Guess look we all love. So I drew inspiration from the ultimate beach babes, supermodel classics from the '80s and '90s. The colors, the styles, are all what I associate with the swimsuit icons, and therefore why the collection is also called ‘The ICON’.  A Guess girl is the iconic beauty—it always makes me think of Anna Nicole Smith, Claudia Schiffer, Eva Herzigova. I remember when I was growing up and seeing these iconic and classic beauties. Social media is an interesting part of life, and it's not all it looks like from the outside. Instagram is just an outlet to exude this image of what you deem as a perfect life. Just because someone has a following, doesn’t mean they are successful or happy. Instagram, sadly, doesn’t do the justice of showing all the hard work in your career. But where would we be without it? I have such a love hate relationship with it, being a private person but it plays such an essential part of my career. For those looking to take an unconventional path, I say take many paths. Now more than ever, there isn’t just one path to wherever you want or need to go. Explore as many options as possible, and don’t rely on one straight road.My favorite swimsuit is the white and red stripe top and Brazilian bottom. It’s the ultimate classic bikini. You could wear it this year or in 20 years, and it will never go out of style.   To be working with the Guess family since age 17 has been nothing short of amazing, but the most rewarding has been designing my own capsule collection. There are so many times as a model you are just the canvas for someone else’s amazing vision and designs. But when I was asked to design my own capsule collection, it was literally a dream come true. I loved the process from start to finish, especially having full creative control. I was able to design the pieces exactly how I wanted, book my dear friend and amazing photographer Derek Kettela for the campaign, as well as have my favorite hair and makeup team do my glam. I hope everyone loves the designs and rocks them for many summers to come.    This year is off to an exciting start, I’m headed to Fiji next month to start filming the remake of Fantasy Island! I’m super excited to join such an amazing cast and to visit Fiji for the first time. I also just signed with Select Model Management in London which I’m excited for and so looking forward to spending more time in the UK this year, I love London! Let's hope the rest of the year is as good to me, and in the meantime I’ll be busy working hard.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Someone get us a fan.When I thumb through old photos of myself, I experience frequent LOL or cringe moments seeing some of my past outfit choices. But, I don't think Jenna Dewan has that problem—at least not where the red carpet is concerned. She knows what she likes (a gown that features at least one of the following: cutouts, a plunging neckline, or a thigh-high slit) and what looks amazing on her petite frame. Her style has always managed to stay fashionably sexy, from the body-con mini dresses of the 2000s to the cutout gowns of 2019. Consider the photos ahead as evidence of Dewan's on point style. Dewan's style gets more sultry every year. She arrived to the Golden Globes after-party in an Azzaro gown with a side-baring cutout and thigh-high slit. She wore a pair of Giuseppe Zanotti heels and Norman Silverman jewelry.For the World of Dance red carpet event, Dewan went for an edgy skirt and bralette outfit. The pieces highlighted her athletic dancer frame. At the Vanity Fair Oscars after-party, Dewan stole the spotlight in this body-hugging maroon dress from Pamella Roland. The side slit showed off her leg and metallic Casadei shoes, which matched in color to the bedazzled beading on her gown.Dewan has a petite frame, so short dresses look amazing on her. She chose this semi-naked look for the NBCUniversal upfront presentation in NYC. Dewan wore a colorful Zuhair Murad embroidered gown to the St. Jude Hope & Heritage Gala, where she was honored with a "Humanitarian of The Year" award. A Plunging neckline is a detail the star doesn't shy away from.Surprise: this strapless jumpsuit is actually a bustier and pants set by Reem Acra. Dewan wore it for a Baby2Baby Gala in California. It was the perfect look to show off her shoulders and arms.Dewan isn't strictly an all-dresses type of gal. She loves a jumpsuit just as much as the next person and wore this keyhole cutout one-piece to the 28th Annual EMA Awards Ceremony in Beverly Hills, California. Dewan mastered the whole daytime lingerie look at an event in New York City. She paired a bra-like lace top with wide-leg pants. In one of her most risqué dresses to date, Dewan arrived to the world premiere of Kingsman: The Golden Circle in a strapless Zac Posen dress with completely sheer sides. You can always count on Dewan to wear the sexiest dress on any red carpet. Case in point: this Julien MacDonald gown with Giuseppe Zanotti heels.  The star wore a sweet floral pink dress from Marchesa to the fifth annual Baby2Baby Gala in 2016. It seems this year she had an affinity for strapless gowns and embraced that thigh-high slit look.Dewan attended the 2016 Golden Globe Awards in a Zuhair Murad Couture dress and Lorraine Schwartz jewelry. Instead of a body-con dress, the star floated down the red carpet in a gorgeous navy ball gown.The star attended the first annual Marie Claire Young Women's Honors in a sparkly silver dress. It was elegant, glamorous, and slightly more modest than her previous outfit choices.The star loves going with a halter-neck or strapless gown for the red carpet. For the premiere of Entourage, Dewan went for the latter in a structural minidress.Unlike her then-husband Channing Tatum's character in Magic Mike XXL, Dewan was all covered up in a black-and-white jumpsuit at the movie's premiere. She looked chic and ready for the cameras. For The Hateful Eight premiere, Dewan stepped out in naked dress with black pipelining details that gave the illusion of underwires in a dress. This Marchesa design was a 10 on the sexiness scale.The actress, who was pregnant with her first child, attended the VH1 Divas event in a baby blue gown. She looked like an ethereal, Grecian goddess.It seemed every girl had a version of this outfit (bright minidress and gold platform pumps) in 2010. Although this wasn't our favorite look of Dewan's, she rocked it. Channing Tatum, on the other hand, what is that stain on your shirt?!Was this the year, Dewan discovered the power of a thigh-high slit? This one red-carpet worthy detail saved this ruched dress from looking full prom.The dancer and actress wore a minidress to the premiere of Entourage's third season in Los Angeles. Since it's not often Dewan goes for super short ensembles like this anymore, embrace the nostalgia of this dress.Dewan stepped out with her then-beau Channing Tatum for a Giorgio Armani event and they matched in black. She wore a simple wide-shoulder strap dress while he layered a blazer over a sweater and button-down ensemble.  Dewan always finds the right dresses to fit her 5'3 frame. She wore this strapless number to the Los Angeles premiere of Step Up.The actress loves a good floral print. She wore this sweet but sexy plunging neckline dress to the world premiere of Take The Lead in New York City.  Three years before Dewan made her debut in Step Up, the actress was spotted at a makeup event in LA. Tapping into the early 2000s style, she wore a cropped off-the-shoulder top and flared jeans with a studded belt. A newsboy cap completed the outfit.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter. SUBSCRIBE NOW 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The snowy weather couldn't keep Meghan Markle and Prince Harry away from an outing in Bristol today to tour the Bristol Old Vic—the world's oldest working theatre—and chat with some adorable primary school kids who showed up to see them. The snow made a gorgeous backdrop as the couple toured the historic city. Meghan donned a similar outfit from yesterday in all black, with an Oscar de la Renta dress and a black jacket by William Vintage (first spotted by Daily Mail royal reporter Rebecca English). Instead of a topknot like yesterday, Meghan wore her hair down in gorgeous, loose waves.  But the real star of the show were Meghan's olive Sarah Flint "Marina" boots with a tan heel—which is still available in select sizes. Meghan, who loves cool, stylish, fashion-forward shoes, gracefully balanced on the gorgeous 3.3" heels as if it was easy and effortless. Sarah Flint is a much-beloved brand to Meghan, and makes up a big part of her regular shoe roster. Here's video of the boots in action: Harry and Meghan spent a long time chatting to the nursery children in Bristol pic.twitter.com/pgj61xbvxKI'm not even sure I could wear those boots right now, and there's no snow where I am and I'm also not pregnant. Proof positive that Meghan is a style superhero. More video of Harry and Meghan chatting with small children (I know what you like): The nursery school children had princess costumes underneath their snowsuits - but some were more interested in eating their digestives! #Bristol #Harry #Meghan pic.twitter.com/OnX4ROZyKaApparently they were all safely bundled up, lest we be worried, but with adorable costumes on underneath. They were also very interested in snacking on crackers while meeting the Duke and Duchess of Sussex (priorities).Here's the full look: The perfect pop of color.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Activism doesn’t have to be overwhelming.Government shutdown. Climate change. Student loans. Sometimes it can seem like the world is spinning out of control and there’s nothing to do but quit your job and join the Peace Corps (or quit your job and spend your days hiding out on the couch, eating ice cream, and watching animal videos on Instagram). In reality, most of us can’t actually stop working and completely bail on our lives, nor do we want to. But we also shouldn't feel helpless. We can make a difference in people’s lives merely by tweaking one of the things most of us do every day: shopping. Conscious consumerism may sound too good to be true, but your wallet is an untapped super power. Paying attention to what we buy, where we buy it, and who makes the products we purchase can hugely impact the lives of people around the world. Finding out who makes your stuff (and how) and where to donate all the items that didn't spark joy post–Marie Kondo cleanse is becoming less complicated. There are many pro-social businesses and nonprofits in the U.S. and abroad working tirelessly to lift people up—and it’s easier than ever to support them.  Here, fives ways to get started:Even if your New Year’s resolutions included big-time budgeting, chances are you’ll still be springing for a wedding, baby, or birthday gift this year. Choose a present that brings joy to the recipient but also to the women who made it. For housewarming presents, I love White Field Farm candles, poured by human trafficking survivors in New York. For baby gifts, check out FORAI (Friends of Refugees and Immigrants), a nonprofit that sells the cutest onesies, all of which help the artisans sustain sewing micro-businesses. And for birthdays, I choose Anchal Project's chic and affordable coin purses and bandanas, designed by the two sisters who run the cooperative, sewn by vulnerable women in India.       Your best friend promised you'd love your bridesmaid dress so much, you’d wear it again. Instead, it’s wearing out its welcome in the back of your closet (next to your old prom dress, perhaps). Pass it on to a high school senior who needs a formal gown but lacks the funds for one.  Beccascloset.org has chapters around the country and gifts dresses to girls who have shown leadership in their community.As you let go of sartorial clutter, you can also help raise funds for the AIDS Healthcare Foundation.  Out of the Closet, a nonprofit thrift store in more than a dozen cities across the U.S., donates 96 cents of every dollar it earns to the Foundation, which serves as the largest provider of HIV/AIDS medical care in the U.S. Loving this rainy weather? Pop by your local OTC for some cute and affordable raincoats! 💖 @sarahminkajackson got this over-coat for $1 😱 #OTCFindsA post shared by  Out of the Closet (@outofthecloset) on Jan 16, 2019 at 1:04pm PSTPro-social bakeries and restaurants are popping up across the nation with the purpose of employing people in need of a second chance. In LA, Homegirl Cafe serves up fresh guacamole and tasty tacos prepared by men and women entering or reentering the workforce after leaving a gang or being incarcerated. In New York, Harlem’s Hot Bread Kitchen churns out gooey grilled cheese sandwiches while helping at-risk women become (literal) breadwinners. Tampa’s Inside the Box Cafe offers deli-style sandwiches that fight hunger and homeless in the area.  Can’t patronize any of these locations in person?  Order goodies online from Together We Bake or Dog Tag Bakery, both social enterprises that deliver chocolate cookies your desk-mates will love.      Cacao has one of the worst labor records of any agricultural product, but more than 100 new bean-to-bar chocolate companies in the U.S. are changing that. Today’s chocolate entrepreneurs are forming good relationships with decently-paid cacao farmers in Central and South America. They also work to help farmers improve their technique and yield, and get certifications like Fair Trade and Organic that help increase profits and protect the planet. Some of my favorites are Amano, Dandelion, Raaka, and Endangered Species Chocolate. With Valentine’s Day quickly approaching, the only responsible thing to do is sample them all! During profile development we don’t make enough chocolate to use our tempering machine, so we hand temper each kilo batch to taste for flavor.  A cool surface such as marble or granite is ideal.  Fun fact: our kitchen team also daily hand-tempers our chocolate to make the nib toffee. 📸 @ericwolfingerA post shared by  Dandelion Chocolate (@dandelionchocolate) on Oct 15, 2018 at 12:47pm PDTJane Mosbacher Morris is the author of Buy the Change You Want to See: Use Your Purchasing Power to Make the World a Better Place.  She is also the Founder and CEO of TO THE MARKET, a company that connects businesses and consumers to ethically made products. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for theMarie Claire newsletter. SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Cara Delevingne and Balmain designer Olivier Rousteing are close, at least according to the fashion house's latest blockbuster campaign. For its spring 2019 ads, shot by photographer Dan Beleiu, Delevingne poses completely in the nude. In one snapshot, she's leaning against a marble (cement? stone?) block. In another, even more, intimate image, Delevingne is topless with Rousteing's hands covering her chest. This photo held particularly special meaning to Rousteing, who said to WWD that he was paying homage to a 1993 Patrick Demarchelier photograph of Janet Jackson.(If you recall, Jackson posed naked save for her then-boyfriend Rene Elizondo's hands. The photo later became a cover on Rolling Stone.  Iconic 🙏🏽🙏🏿🙏🏾🙏🏼A post shared by  OLIVIER R. (@olivier_rousteing) on Jan 30, 2019 at 10:08am PSTIn re-creating the moment, there wasn't any apparent awkwardness between Delevingne and Rousteing. Their chemistry, in other words, looks and feels real. In a statement, Rousteing said: "Whenever we meet, it’s impossible to hide either my admiration for her or the joy that I feel in her presence. Cara embodies that modern woman: she is authentic, transparent and never afraid to push it on every single level...She's a talent with something to say and she’s never been timid about expressing her point of view—and that’s why I consider her a muse." While Rousteing and Delevingne fans will appreciate these fierce and powerful photos of the two, the designer also seemed to anticipate the "trolls" of the internet. He added: "Yes, we’re naked. Yes, I’m black and she’s white...You will never change the fact that I love what Dan Beleiu was able to capture here: a reflection on the beauty and honesty of nudity, the impressive strength of a confident woman, the importance of friendship...and more than anything else...an essential truth...that the biggest luxury in life is being completely open, true and honest with yourself."Like I said, powerful.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The Spanish royal knows a good deal when she sees one.Every time a royal or celebrity wears affordable fashion (think $100 or less), I get stoked. I'm so accustomed to picturing them in designer ensembles, the thought they would shop the racks at Zara (or ,in a more likely scenario, shop online) is rare. However, one royal in particular, Queen Letizia of Spain, has a proven track record for finding the best affordable pieces to supplement her designer wardrobe. She particularly loves one store: Zara. Today, at the Ibedrola Foundation Scholarships in Madrid, Queen Letizia  debuted a long-sleeve cerulean blue jumpsuit. The one piece hit a little past her knees and featured ruffles on the neckline and sleeves. A black sash cinched in her waist and matched the clutch in her hand. The royal tied the whole look together with a pair of coordinating blue shoes. The pleated jumpsuit has since sold out on Zara's website (it was originally $70, then on sale for $20), making Queen Letizia a lucky shopper to have snagged it beforehand. She knows a good deal when she sees one.Since Queen Leitzia's exact piece is sold out, here's an equally elegant and affordable Zara jumpsuit to shop. TBH, I can see her owning this one too.Still on the hunt for a blue one-piece? Shop more styles, below.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The fashion house has revealed the next phase of its CHIME FOR CHANGE campaign. After releasing a new report on how Gen Z—people born in the mid-1990s through the mid-200s—feels about gender fluidity (spoiler: 82 percent of Gen Zs strongly agree that organizations have a responsibility to support marginalized groups, including those who don't conform to a specific gender), Gucci's CHIME FOR CHANGE is focusing on its next chapter with a "To Gather Together" campaign. “Gucci is proud to reaffirm our commitment to a more just and equitable world," says Gucci President and CEO Marco Bizzarri. "Achieving gender equality is critical to securing our collective future, and we are dedicated to leveraging our creative power, global employee engagement, and support for non-profit projects to ignite conversation and help empower the next generation of leaders." Gucci hopes to continue a global conversation with the creation of Gucci ArtWalls by Italian artist MP5 and Gucci Creative Director Alessandro Michele. Each wall features silhouettes of genderless figures in London, Milan, New York, Taiwan, and Hong Kong. The fashion house also presented a short film at the Sundance Film Festival produced by Jade Jackman and Irregular Labs called The Future is Fluid, which explores what gender means to young people across the world. "One of the ways that I think we need to be looking at educating society and educating people is to have them understand the gender spectrum because you can't accept something without understand it first," explains one of the individuals in the video. The seven-minute film also includes stories of harassment and discrimination gender-fluid people face in our society today.  In addition to the murals and video, Gucci also tapped into a major component of the Gen Z DNA—zines!—for activists, artists, and writers to speak about gender equality and self-expression. It will be distributed in NYC's Gucci Wooster Bookstore, the Gucci Garden in Florence, select bookstores, and universities in Belgium, Finland, France, Israel, Italy, Ukraine, the United Kingdom, and the United States. You can download a digital copy here. CHIME FOR CHANGE has worked with more than 400 non-profits over the past six years and will continue to partner with organizations like Equality Now, UNICEF, and UN Women to reach a global audience. To learn more about Gucci's mission to create gender equality across the world, click the button below. LEARN MORE ABOUT CHIME FOR CHANGEFor more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Now you know exactly what to buy. Jewelry trends come and go every season, just like your favorite shoes or handbags. And while its easy to treat earrings or a ring as an outfit after thought—especially on days you're running late for work—having the right piece can transform a look. Many people, myself included, have one or two gold rings they wear every day or a perfect set of pearl earrings to complete a 9-to-5 outfit, but we should always make room in our wardrobes for an off-the-moment necklace or bracelet that imparts a little personality or whimsy or sophistication.Not sure what's worth spending your money on in 2019, though? I tapped industry experts, from fashion directors to a style VP, to give you the inside scoop on what to buy. (I was never good at keeping secrets, anyways.) Here, the top four trends they swear will be every where this year. Have fun getting totally decked out."We love puka shells and are seeing the trend continue this year. Look to colored shells as the newest update, layered with various lengths and bold colors. Tortoise is also a huge trend, we’re seeing lots of colored tortoise especially in oversized geometric shaped earrings and necklaces." — Caroline Maguire, shopbop fashion director"Bold gold is a must have for 2019. Chains and links give a nod to the '80s for a retro statement.  Oversized links in necklaces and bracelets are the perfect statement accessories to complete an outfit." — Shannon Schafer, Nordstrom senior fashion director"I still believe in mismatched earrings. It’s not necessarily new news, but it feels more modern than wearing two giant matching earrings. It’s got more of an edge. Plus, they were all over the spring 2019 runways, still." — Lisa Aiken, Moda Operandi women's fashion director "Resin is a huge trend for 2019, it really makes a statement in bold, saturated colors. So chic and makes any outfit instantly look it easy to pull together ." — April Koza, vice president of FWRDFor more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			New year, new Priyanka! The actress, who just had the most "intimate" yet spectacular 2018 wedding to Nick Jonas, has been taking her New Year's resolutions to the next level. Most recently, she showed off a new blonde ombre look that's perfect to start off 2019. But Chopra's latest makeup lewk, which she debuted on Instagram, actually could have a surprise connection to her BFF, bridesmaid, and Game of Thrones star: Sophie Turner. Chopra tagged her makeup artist Pati Dubroff and hairstylist Ted Gibson as the geniuses behind the look. Not only is Chopra channeling two of 2019's hottest eye makeup trends—the pink, coppery, shimmery eye color and the matching pink lipstick for a monochromatic look—Chopra captioned the photo, "Fire and ice." This could be a reference to the GoT book series A Song of Ice and Fire by George R.R. Martin. Turner plays Sansa Stark on the TV show, and their house motto is "Winter is coming," so it doesn't seem too far a stretch.  Fire and iceA post shared by  Priyanka Chopra Jonas (@priyankachopra) on Jan 29, 2019 at 5:19pm PSTBut, in case you needed further proof that Chopra is channeling her friend, Turner has also debuted similar coppery-pink eye looks in recent outings. See also, exhibit A: Annnnnd exhibit B: The definition of best friends: When you do everything together and are constantly twinning. Turner and Chopra have it perfected. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Candles = sexy. Silk scarves = sexier.Bras and lingerie are sexy, but so are remembering her favorite things—the book she's passionate about, the candle she bought three times already, the lipstick she feels most powerful in. Do no wrong this Valentine's Day and pick from any of these chic gifts, below, that will guarantee a great day for you both.It's not a cliché when you remind her that she can wear this slip dress outside of the bedroom. Here's how. Diptyque's new Roses collection will smell like she's literally surrounded by an actual bed of roses. Nope, not a lipstick. After a long day at the office, she deserves to use this portable USB-rechargeable vibrator. Bonus: It's 100 percent waterproof for baths or showers.  This, on the other hand, is an actual lipstick that a) she will feel confident in and b) will last without smudging during those makeout seshes. Name one woman who doesn't look sexy in a silk scarf. I'll wait. Sometimes you both need a little bit of inspo, which now comes in the form of this Position of the Day Playbook. One spray (or five) of Le Labo's cult-favorite Santal 33 perfume—a unisex blend of cedarwood, leather, and sandalwood—and you'll never want to leave her side.Have her throw on this lace bralette with a pair of high-waisted jeans or wear it underneath her favorite top. Slip on Brooklinen's "Do Not Disturb" pillow cases to set the mood. They come with a night cream that proves you take her skincare routine just as seriously as she does. If a sex playlist came in the form of an album, that would be Rihanna's Anti, which just turned three years old. Add it to her CD collection (yes, some of us still have them), and cue it up all night. Highly recommend "Sex with Me" and "Yeah, I Said It."  She'll feel completely seen (and therefore very turned on) when you give her a copy of Rupi Kaur's second poetry collection, The Sun and Her Flowers. It covers all of the bases, from grief to heartbreak to love. It's 2019 and we now have sex dust, which claims to increase libido and reduce stress. Add it to matcha, tea, milk, water, or smoothies when you need that extra boost. Fill up this cute photo album with whatever pictures you desire, but remember to keep it PG-13 if you want to store it on the coffee table as decor. (Or don't...if that's your thing.)Every time she quickly stashes her rings in this "You Light My Fire" dish, she'll think of you. And really, what more could you ask for?  •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The SAG Awards red carpet and show were more low-key than the Golden Globes, but those in attendance still brought their fashion A-game. Constance Wu stunned in Oscar de la Renta, while Emily Blunt glowed in a gorgeous pink Michael Kors gown. Post-show, some celebs made it to the after-parties, which were hosted by People and Netflix. While stars like Crazy Rich Asians' Gemma Chan switched into a one-shoulder dress, other celebrities, like Lupita Nyong'o, stayed in their gowns. See everyone's after-party looks, ahead.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It definitely makes a statement.Sure, it might be sub-zero temperatures outside right now, but for anyone who’s bored of winter and already dreaming of how much their wardrobe will improve when the season changes, look no further than Priyanka Chopra’s latest evening look. The newly-married actress joined husband Nick Jonas for a date night to Craig’s restaurant in Los Angeles and, while her whole outfit is seriously covetable, it’s the jacket which you’ll most likely be swooning over.Priyanka, who was seen at Craig’s just a few days ago with sister-in-law Sophie Turner, arrived for dinner in a vibrant yellow trench coat. The piece, by Dubai-based brand Bouguessa, provided a bold pop of acid color, and made a statement against the rest of her casual outfit. The 36-year-old actress teamed the trench, with billowing sleeves, layered lapels and a huge collar, with relaxed blue jeans (likely a bargain, knowing her taste in denim), a simple satin shirt, and pointed white boots.  It’s classic Priyanka, who is never afraid to go colorful in her looks, day or night. But, if you’re really in touch with your celebrity street style, the trench might not be a totally new discovery for you. At the end of last year, the exact same coat was seen on the equally chic Sophia Bush. She chose the jacket to wear to the Together Live Show back in November, for which she styled the piece a little more formally, with a simple black, long-sleeved top, and the matching high-waisted yellow trousers from the designer.The Asymmetrical Long Kimono Trench comes in at $935, and is available now, if you're feeling like it's needed in your wardrobe ASAP.Endorsed by Priyanka Chopra AND Sophia Bush? Can’t argue with that, you'll simply have to get one.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Nothing will beat the 2001 'Sex and the City' cast outfits, but hey! If our predictions are correct, tonight will be a big night for Lady Gaga and Bradley Cooper who are leading the SAG nominations for their roles in A Star Is Born. But before we get to tonight's show celebrating the best in film and television, see what all of the celebs are wearing on this year's SAG Awards red carpet, ahead. In a custom Michael Kors dress, Sam Edelman shoes, a Jimmy Choo clutch, and Forevermark jewelryIn Atelier Swarovski jewelryIn Dior Haute Couture, Tiffany jewelry, and Jimmy Choo pumpsIn a Celine dress, Jimmy Choo shoes, and Cartier jewelryIn custom Vera Wang Collection, Roger Vivier shoes, and Messika jewelryIn Cartier jewelry and Christian Louboutin shoesIn Yvan Tufenkjian earringsIn Mimi PlangeIn AS29 jewelry and Sophia Webster shoesIn Monique LhullierIn a Monique Lhuillier gown and Brian Atwood heelsIn Jimmy Choo shoes In Jimmy Choo shoesHartley in Christian Louboutin shoes		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I'm sorry, but it's time. When buying workout clothes, always remember two things: Don't skimp on buying proper workout leggings, and invest in a comfortable sports bra. The right workout bottoms will wick away sweat and contain stretch for movement, whether you're cycling or doing barre. Not sure where to start or what brands to invest in? I've done the research and found you ten pairs to choose from. Take a look at the list below and see if any strikes your fancy. I've tried to find something for everyone at every price point, whether you're a yogi looking for a new pair of leggings or a casual gym-goer who's searching for athleisure-inspired bottoms. Alo was started in Los Angeles in 2007 and has cultivated a devout following, from yoga enthusiasts to celebrities like Gigi Hadid. Alo offers pretty yoga gear like this pair of color-blocked leggings that is engineered to lift, sculpt, contour, and smooth. Of course, it also has moisture-wicking abilities. This is one stylish pair you won't be afraid to wear for a post-workout brunch.Commando's basic black control leggings are ones you can wear every day, whether you're working out or not. They can be worn with a cute sports bra and hoodie, or under a pair of roomy sweats if you need an extra layer for winter. Reviews for this pair of leggings range from "it's so comfortable" to "very formfitting."If your ideal workout is a circuit training class lead by an former drill sergeant, get Nike's Pro HyperCool tights. They're specifically made for high-intensity training and competition. Mesh panels line the outer thighs and lower legs for enhanced breathability, while a wide, high-rise waistband provides support and coverage.  If you don't want spend more than, say, $30 on leggings, that's fine—there are still so many good options out there within your budget, like this moto-style bottom that's only $20. It has the same comfort and sweat-wicking properties as leggings from Nike or Under Armour, but for half the price.Beyoncé's Ivy Park line offers a range of affordable athleisure styles, including these cool and sexy mesh panel leggings. The material provides ventilation during your workouts and a confident flash of skin on your days off. I already own several Ivy Park pieces, so I won't hesitate to scoop these up too.Fashion meets technology with this pair of futuristic leggings. It's made of nylon and spandex, so it'll stretch and move with your body, whether you're hiking or running around town completing errands. If you decide to buy it, it'll be the coolest pair of leggings in your dresser.  Beyond Yoga partnered with design brand Poketo to create a printed legging that's funky and colorful. The geometric shapes sets this pair of leggings apart from the black and gray pairs, while the material itself is super smooth and soft. If you appreciate a good print, you'll love this pair.Try these black-and-white leggins from Good American. It ranges from a size extra small to 3X, and you can wear it with a hoodie, sneakers, and fanny pack for a sporty athleisure look.  Outdoor Voices has quickly captured the hearts of fitness Instagrammers everywhere with its trendy workout gear and tag line: Doing Things. If you're looking for a lightweight pair that doesn't trap sweat while you run, box, or spin, this polkadot option is for you. It'll be a nice addition to all your black bottoms!This is Under Armour's best-selling pair of leggings, thanks to the comfort, support, and coverage it provides. The legging even has a hidden secure pocket for your key. Meanwhile, the material is moisture-wicking, so sweat all you want—it'll dry quickly. There's no need to do the sniff test either; it has anti-odor technology.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Priyanka Chopra has been making her rounds in Los Angeles, first stepping out with Sophie Turner for a girl's night out at Craig's, then heading to the same dinner spot, just a day later, with husband Nick Jonas (still feels weird to say that). The newlyweds have kept a lower profile while back on the West Coast, presumably resting up after their world-wind wedding in India, which included numerous receptions. Now they're back to their regular schedules, Priyanka has slipped right back into her stylist street ensembles. Two nights ago, she debuted a python-printed trench coat while out with Sophie and then followed up with a silky mustard outerwear while out with Nick. In this solo outing, however, it wasn't Priyanka's coats that got my attention—it was her jeans. The wide leg crop paired perfectly with her tan suede booties and cream-colored ensemble. Also: They're only $50. If you're wondering "how?!" it's because the affordable jeans came from American Eagle—you know, the store you frequented in high school. Though American Eagle has since shed its high school mall image for a women-empowering and body-positive brand, the one thing that has remained the same, thank God, is its affordability. As of writing this, Priyanka's jeans are still available to shop and there's even a buy one, get one 50 percent off deal. So you can own TWO of these awesome denim bottoms.I've added this to my checkout cart. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			As an accessories editor, I have a lot to pay attention to. There are so many categories (bags, jewelry, shoes...) and a months-long span to study how trends that first appeared on a runway develop. The pieces you see debuted at fashion week can morph by the time they hit store shelves, and both are equally important. When thinking of a new year, I find it helpful to consider what mood we’re in culturally and socially—and what women are really going to want to wear. From there, it’s all about finding the best pieces. For me, the real fun is seeing trends come to life on the street and noticing how women interpret and work them into their everyday style. Here are the biggest accessory trends you can expect to see this year and how to wear them.Touches of velvet, bold purple, and carpet prints mixed with edgy leather boots make for a more street-smart bohemian vibe: Think a little more Zoe Kravitz than Stevie Nicks. Jangly chains with gold paillette charms and rings in stackable chevron and feather motifs add to the eclectic, nonchalant mood of this trend.The new day-to-night look is a fresh take on classic femininity. Pastel, satin, and the retro, structured bag make a major comeback. Pile on heavy duty diamonds in floral shapes for a bold look that updates your grandmother’s go-tos. I'm also never mad at a stunning solitaire ring and a glossy manicure.Taking a cue from Rosie the Riveter, 2019's utility trend means we'll be ready for anything. Canvas fabrics, jumpsuits, and multi-pocket belt bags promote functionality in dressing. Beveled edges and strong, geometric lines are the key players in this toughened-up jewelry. Take it to full speed by stacking different shapes of rings together.The boardroom doesn’t have to mean being boring. Suiting takes center stage this season with a variety of updates, including interesting prints and unexpected colors like burgundy (which is just as versatile as classic navy or gray). Be worth your weight in gold with heavy statement pieces in bold shapes; a sturdy watch is a statement piece that also helps keep you on track.Come spring, everyone will want to be on permanent vacation mode with delicious summertime staples like nostalgic tie-dye and casual straw details. Mix a punchy Hawaiian print or board short silhouette with heels to take the trend to the next level. Layered bracelets and mixed metals with splashes of ocean blue are thematic and fit into the collectible approach of summertime jewelry stacking (and don't need to be all puka shells—luxe stones take things up a notch). 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			This week, extremely well-dressed men and women descended into Paris for couture week. There, major fashion houses like Chanel and Christian Dior presented their spring 2019 haute couture collections. While the runway ensembles were over-the-top and impressive, the street style looks also didn't disappoint. Guests who arrived for the shows were dressed to the nines, and, luckily, we've captured some of their best outfits. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I promise they're anything but boring.One of the best parts about my job, aside from providing you with royal style news and shopping content, is to look at seasonal campaigns from brands. You're probably wondering: Ads? But aren't they kind of...boring? But if you've seen the images for spring/summer 2019 campaigns, then you'll get it when I say they're anything but mundane. From Kenzo's imagery of a futuristic utopia to Kate Spade's colorful ads depicting a "girl’s weekend away," these photos not only invoke fun, optimistic vibes, but a strong sense of what the brand stands for. You won't mistake your favorite fashion house's campaign for the next. Ahead, I've rounded up the best ads so far.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Meghan Markle loves a good designer shoe—and who can blame her? The duchess and mom-to-be has a cool, edgy footwear style, most recently rocking the PVC and cow-print trends. One of the shoe brands she wore during her Australia and New Zealand tour, Birdies, has particularly felt the "duchess effect." Birdies saw a massive surge in their sales for their "The Starling" flat—a modern take on the slipper in velvet. People got the chance to talk to Birdies' president, Marisa Sharkey, who explained the backstory of Meghan's love for the brand. Even better, you can still order the slipper in select sizes and colors—for $120 to $140. Apparently, Meghan was one of the first celebrities to wear Birdies after the brand debuted four years ago—way back when she was just Meghan Markle, activist and Suits actress. Birdies sent Meghan free shoes initially, but she apparently loved them so much that she started buying them for herself as well. Once the now-royal was spotted in public with them, the waitlist for the style grew to 15,000 people. "We sold out very quickly of our classic black style and we had people emailing every day to ask, ‘When are they coming back?’ We couldn’t have imagined anything like this."Even though Meghan hasn't shied away from high, high heels during her pregnancy, the flats are perfect in case she wants to give her feet a rest while she's been making her most recent royal patronage visits. Here's a look at Meghan wearing the shoes during a visit to the  Rotorua's Redwoods Treewalk in New Zealand, for example:For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The French fashion house's latest offering is a pleasant surprise for the audiophile in your life.If you thought Apple's meme-worthy AirPods were a viral status symbol, then wait until you get a look at Louis Vuitton's ultra-luxe monogram wireless Horizon earphones that are set to retail later this year. For the storied French house's first-ever foray into the audio market, it's collaborating with Master & Dynamic, a New York-based audio brand company to offer super stylish auditory accoutrements.The earbuds come in four colorway options—attention-grabbing red monogram, simple-yet-sleek black, classic white, and yellow and blue LV stripes—and offer up to three-and-a-half hours of listening time on a single charge. The retail price is $995. To house your new equipment, LV is offering a concave-shaped stainless steel charging case that is available in white for the matching earbuds and black for the other three color combinations. The charging case also provides the earphones with a total of ten hours of battery life, perfect for your on-the-go lifestyle and next jet-setting adventure. These statement-making Bluetooth headphones are also compatible with both Apple and Android devices—including Siri and Google Assistant softwares, respectively. They're also compatible with all Bluetooth devices.While this may be Louis Vuitton's first pair of headphones, the brand previously launched tech with the Tambour Horizon smart watch in 2017. There's no release date for Louis Vuitton's sleek and monogrammed Horizon earbuds just yet. However, in the meantime, we've rounded up similar wireless and Bluetooth compatible headphones that you can shop right now to keep your ears occupied until the French house drops its upcoming release.From: Harper's BAZAAR US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's Haute Couture Week in Paris, and though we've seen plenty of incredible outfits so far on the runway, Valentino took it to the next level. How? Two words: Naomi Campbell. The supermodel walked down the runway for the fashion house in a completely sheer dress to front row guests like Celine Dion. Campbell wore a black tulle creation that had a giant, poufy pleated skirt and a high-neck collar. The 48-year-old model had a completely serene and calm expression on her face, clearly giving no f*cks that she was practically naked on the runway. (She has posed nude for photo shoots before and has no qualms about showing some a lot of skin.) Ever the professional, Campbell looked fierce and confident on the Valentino runway. Of course, this was the look Pierpaolo Piccioli chose to close his show with and Campbell was the perfect icon to rock it.Twitter fans quickly took notice of Campbell's walk, writing, "Naomi Campbell is still the best in the game. No contest." and "Naomi THEE Campbell. Closing Valentino Haute Couture spring 2019. Not a single flaw."Fans were impressed:The one and only Naomi Campbell closed the Valentino Couture show. Over 30 years later and still dominating the runway. pic.twitter.com/EM0QezAOkENaomi Campbell still the best in the game. No contest.Naomi THEE Campbell. Closing Valentino Haute Couture spring 2019.Not a single flaw. pic.twitter.com/NPY2VmRpFFICON. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Shop Proenza, Chloé, and more. If you've found yourself in a winter style rut, good news: MatchesFashion is here with a truly epic sale to save the day. From Proenza to Balenciaga, Chloé, and beyond, some of the season's hottest designer buys are currently up to 70 percent off on the fashion retailer's site. On top of that, select sale items are also an additional 20 percent off now through January 27. To help you navigate the 56-page sale, we scoured some of the best finds below. Happy shopping! For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here). Originally $1,140 (70% off) Wear it now with slouchy leather boots, then wear it come spring/summer with a colorful pair of sandals. Originally $375 (40% off) Scoop up a classic bag from this Instagram-favorite brand while it's on sale. Originally $1,250 (70% off)A '70s-inspired turtleneck you'll want to wear for the rest of winter. Originally $980 (50% off) A statement bootie that you can wear from winter through spring.  Originally $410 (40% off) Equal parts flattering and chic, this waist-defining blazer is sure to become a favorite in your work (and play) wardrobe. Originally $220 (50% off)Two of spring's biggest jewelry trends—seashells and pearls—come together as one in these '80s-inspired statement earrings. Originally $1,420 (60% off) Say hello to your new favorite skirt for the office. Style it with a turtleneck and boots and you've got an instant Meghan Markle-approved look. Originally $1,695 (50% off, plus extra 20% off at checkout)Gianvito Rossi's perfect knee-high boots are finally on sale—now's the time to invest in a pair that you'll wear for years to come. Originally $328 (50% off)A striped shirt you can wear all year-round. Style it with a pair of trousers for the office or a pair of jeans for a more casual look. Originally $1,632 (60% off)  Treat yourself to this luxe bucket bag while it's 60% off. Originally $490 (50% off)Our obsession with '90s-esque bucket hats isn't going anywhere just yet. This vintage Burberry one is guaranteed to win over Instagram. Originally $995 (50% off) Add a pair of boots and you've got the perfect look for work or the weekend. Originally $1,390 (50% off) Good news if you've been lusting over these crystal-encrusted Balenciagas all season: they're officially half off now. Treat yo'self. Originally $595 (60% off)Printed turtlenecks quickly emerged as this season's must-have breakout trend. Try the look with this checked Chloé style that will look good layered under a blazer or worn on its own with a pair of denim.Originally $1,186 (50% off)If you don't already own a classic trench coat, now's the time to invest in one that you can transition right into spring. From: Harper's BAZAAR US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			When flip-flops meet heel.In our biweekly series, editors share the item they "wear to death," whether it be a basic white tee or a super-trendy jumpsuit. Prepare yourself (and your credit card) for some guilt-free shopping.My motto for getting dressed every morning is usually "The more, the merrier." I love piling it all on, and I am obsessed with color—to the point that I often find myself needing a basic white t-shirt or black pump, as I own everything but those items. So when I decided to invest in an everyday boot, I knew it had to be a neutral color. I also wanted it to look very different.Let me preface this story by saying I have two shopping rules: thrift and invest! Fashion is one of the world’s biggest polluters, which is why I've stopped shopping at fast fashion retailers. I'd rather hit up the vintage store next door to me or spend a month's rent on a pair of quality shoes that I won't throw away in two months. Is this a fiscally sound decision? Probably not. But is it worth it in the long run? Absolutely.My search for a pair of neutral-colored shoes lead me to the Maison Margiela "Tabi" boot. It's a shoe you either love or you hate because of its unique shape and appearance. I, clearly, loved it.A bit of background about my beloved boots: Martin Margiela presented the "Tabi" at his debut show in 1988. Margiela said he wanted "to create an invisible shoe, the illusion of a bare foot walking on a high, chunky heel." Hence the split at the toe box. I think that concept is what makes the shoe so alluring, flattering, and sexy. Ironically, for a shoe that now costs about the same as a New Yorker's monthly rent ($980), the "Tabi" was only brought back the following season out of sheer necessity. Margiela didn’t have the budget to create new shoe forms, so he painted the beige boots red and sent them back down the runway. Fans started requesting them and the rest is history. The boots now come in every color you can think of, but my favorite is definitely the original beige. Strangers on the subway will approach me to ask how exactly the boot works, and I describe it as a flip-flop-meets-boot creation. (Your big toe goes on one side of the split, and the rest of your toes on the other.) I find it refreshing that this statement piece sparks people's curiosity about fashion, especially in a place like New York City where everyone seems to be on-trend 24/7.Surprisingly, they’re just as comfortable as they are cool. I’ve worn these boots everywhere, from festivals and vacations to doctors appointments and family functions (where I was the laughing stock for a good five minutes). Pair them with a cute little dress or skirt and they're elegant; wear with leather pants and they're edgy. If neither suit your fancy, you can wear the boots with a tracksuit for the ultimate athleisure look. The nude color goes well with everything, which is key to an everyday shoe. It also elongates my legs (an important factor when you’re only 5 feet tall). If I’ve convinced you to join the "Tabi gang," you can get your very own pair below. If not, they're still worth trying on just for fun.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She was out in L.A. with Priyanka Chopra. If you want to spot celebrities in Los Angeles, head to West Hollywood and look for Craig’s. The hotspot is frequented by the likes of Gigi Hadid, Jessica Alba, and Courtney Cox. And after last night, the establishment can now add two more famous faces to the list of people who dined there: Sophie Turner and Priyanka Chopra dropped by to grab dinner together and had their own girl's night out. The future sisters-in-law—Sophie is marrying Joe Jonas while Nick Jonas married Priyanka in a lavish ceremony last year—could not have dressed more differently for the outing. While Priyanka wore an all-black look underneath her python print trench coat, Sophie opted for a denim shirt-slash-dress from Tommy Hilfiger. The outfit featured an American flag print, and Sophie paired it with tights.Ironically, the actress isn't actually American (she's English), though she seemed taken with the patriotic print. It was an effortless, no-fuss look that said, "Hey, I'm not trying too hard. Just trying to be comfortable." Or as one of our editors put it, "It's just like taking your couch lewk to the Clöob." Though Sophie's exact outfit isn't available, you can shop a similar flag motif piece from Tommy Hilfiger, below.Tommy Hilfiger American Flag Pocket Jacket, $270 SHOP ITFor more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I know—Paris Haute Couture Week totally snuck up on you. But don't worry, we've collected some of the best looks from each show so you can get a taste and feel of what popped up on the runways. (Couture week runs from January 21 to January 24 and allows fashion houses to showcase their exemplary craftsmanship, FYI.) Already, we've spotted some insanely gorgeous creations for spring '19 from the likes of Iris van Herpen and Chanel. Think over-the-top voluminous gowns and the sparkliest tops and skirts. I'm betting some of these designs may just end up on the red carpet for award season, so take a peek ahead.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The Duchess chose a Beulah dress for her London appearance.If you’re planning on wearing any color other than olive green today, you might want to rethink that. You'll realize it's the only shade worth debating after you see the newest photos of Kate Middleton arriving for her royal appearance on Tuesday morning at Family Action Lewisham in South London. According to Kensington Palace, the charity “works to tackle some of the most complex and difficult issues facing families today.” Kate, who has long focused on the well-being of children in her royal work, previously visited the same charity back in 2017 when she was pregnant with Prince Louis.Today, the Duchess of Cambridge chose a head-to-toe coordinated color palette for the visit, based around a bespoke green Beulah dress. Not only is the piece perfect for Kate and in keeping with her signature style, but it also comes from the ethical London-based designer, which supports victims of sex trafficking in India.Kate styled the perfectly tailored, long-sleeved "Yahvi" midi dress with an emerald green, croc-skin belt worn at the waist, along with a muted green suede clutch bag, matchy-matchy green suede heels and (of course), a bouncy blow out.Kate, always a fan of bright looks for her public visits, is enjoying keeping color firmly in her wardrobe for 2019. Just last week, she stepped out in a vibrant fuschia Oscar de la Renta dress, a similar shade to the one her sister-in-law, Meghan Markle, wore just the day before. According to the Duchesses right now, bold is better.While the green version of the dress is exclusive for the Duchess of Cambridge, you can get your hands on a pretty pink version, or the elegant navy version below.Anyone else now thinking that green would be a great choice to wear today?For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's the next best thing to being there in-person. On Monday, January 21, models will walk the runway in Paris for the Dior Haute Couture Spring/Summer 2019 show. If, like most people on the planet, you can't jet off to Paris and watch the show in person, we have you covered with a livestream of the event. The Dior Haute Couture show will stream on Monday, beginning at 2:30 p.m., Paris time (which is 8:30 a.m. EST and 5:30 a.m. PST, for reference). Bookmark this page to watch the show live. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Aside from the excitement of watching the game itself, the Super Bowl is always an excellent excuse to a) get together with friends, b) eat wings and nachos, and c) look good while doing both. Not all Super Bowl outfits are created equally, but these six options, ahead, fit the bill for any type of vibe you're looking for—whether you're cheering on your favorite team or really just here for the commericals. A.k.a. "I'm just here to show face." Pair a cozy crop top with high-waisted jeans, a belt bag (hands-free for unlimited wings!), and everyone's favorite footwear: sock sneakers. When you're not into the jersey look but you're still keeping score, wear this cute "Give Me Five" bodysuit underneath a cotton jumpsuit and throw on a pair of white sneakers. Even if you can't imagine attending a Super Bowl party without wearing a jersey, you don't have to sacrifice style. Rep your favorite team in some official gear and add a pair of black jeans along with high-top slip-on sneakers for a cute-slash-sporty look. NFL$95SHOP ITThe outfit you wear when you know your ex is going to be at the party. A statement jacket is a must, and the stripes on the jeans add a sporty varsity touch. When the game is solely an excuse to go to a party which is solely an excuse to dress up, go all out. This ribbed bodysuit and metallic mini skirt are just right. The second half is better anyways.This comfy sweater dress will do wonders when 10 p.m. hits and you've had too many nachos. (It's a lifestyle, really.) Take it to the next level with a pair of thigh-high's and accessorize with a gold necklace. Missoma$124SHOP IT•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Kate Middleton has both a fabulous formal style—see also: her fuchsia Oscar de la Renta dress at the Royal Opera House this week—and a lovely relaxed style. When she's spending time with the kids or at a more casual engagement with Prince William, Kate often loves skinny jeans, a simple top or sweater, sometimes a polished blazer overtop, and wedges or flats. One pair of shoes she loves to wear, her trusty Sebago boat shoes, look like they're particularly comfy and practical. And, as Page Six first spotted, the "Bala" style is on sale for just under $95. This is yet another example of Kate's uncanny ability to pair classic high-end pieces with more affordable, yet still classic clothes. This was on display earlier in the week when Kate donned a J. Crew sweater that retails for $80 and is still available online. In case you needed proof that Kate loves her Sebago shoes: Here she is, during her overseas tour to Canada with Prince William.Another Canada outing: Here, at a polo outing with Prince George: And here, at the America's World Cup in Portsmouth, England: See? She loves them, and they match all her casual outfits. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Pause everything and reminisce with me.There's a certain level of decorum at the Oscars, even on the red carpet. Unlike some other awards shows, like, say, the VMAs, you probably wouldn't show up to the event celebrating Hollywood's highest honor like this. Instead, stars arrive in designer ball gowns, slinky evening dresses, and chiffon frocks to twirl in. But that doesn't mean celebrities walk the red carpet dressed like nuns. They, with the help of stylists, have managed to strike the right balance between sexy and elegant, whether that's through a simple thigh-high slit or a backless cutout and a plunging neckline. With the Academy Awards quickly approaching, (they're on February 24!), we're reminiscing about the sexiest looks the show has ever served up. Join us, won't you?The actress can do no wrong on the red carpet. She wore this custom Vera Wang cutout shoulder gown to last year's Academy Awards and it was sheer (literally) perfection. Her simple heels were by Jimmy Choo. As one of the faces of Dior, it's no surprise that the actress walked the red carpet in a custom red dress from the fashion house. She drew attention to the deep-v in front with a sparkling silver pendant from Harry Winston.  It was March 26, 2000 that Diaz attended the Academy Awards in this plunging neckline dress that was so sheer it revealed her undergarments below.The actress, who gravitates towards black at award shows, switched it up in 2015 with a strapless flesh-colored Atelier Versace dress. The bottom portion had a see-through chainmail affect, which was a rather bold move for America's girl next door.For her first Academy Awards show, the actress chose a naked-ish dress by John Galliano. The entire thing was transparent while the back showed off an embroidered floral design.Teigen was a vision in blue at the 2015 Academy Awards. The slit on her Zuhair Murad dress reached her waistline (nearly) and the beaded long-sleeve top was plunging. She carried an Oroton clutch and wore Norman Silverman jewelry.Wilde managed to snag one of Valentino's the sexiest dresses for the 2016 Academy Awards. The butter-yellow ensemble had cutouts in the front, back, and sides. She accessorized the eye-catching gown with a Neil Lane choker and earrings. The actress proved lace doesn't have to be boring—just add an edgy  element. The strapless look featured a see-through portion on the side, so it gives some, but not everything, away.Back when she was dating Brad Pitt, the actress wore this slinky slip dress by Calvin Klein, to the Academy Awards. The look is both understatedly sexy and timeless.The actress's August Getty dress was incredibly alluring thanks to a daringly low back. (The front also featured a thigh-high slit.) She wore the dress with Niwaka jewels and Stuart Weitzman silver heels.Back then, Crawford, who was dating Richard Gere, attended the Oscars in a flaming hot red Versace halter dress. Better than any LBD? I'd say so.Cher's never afraid to go outside of the box for her Academy Awards looks. She wore this genie-inspired yellow top and skirt set (we're seriously jealous of her abs) from Bob Mackie to the 1973 oscars. Swank's appearance on the red carpet that night was memorable—and not just because she chose to wear this smoking backless navy blue dress by Guy Laroche—the actress was nominated for (and won!) best actress for Million Dollar Baby. Great night!The star attended the 2017 Oscars in a midnight blue gown by Alberta Ferretti, and her look was equal parts Old Hollywood glam and scintillating sexiness. The off-the-shoulder fit showed off her collar bone and her megawatt jewels from Nirav Modi.Ballgowns are expected on the Oscars red carpet, but, of course, Lopez made the style her own in a stunning beige-colored Elie Saab gown whose only modest part was from the waist down.How to make a gown sexier: show off a little leg. Jolie stuck hers out from under her voluminous Atelier Versace dress, and the pose made such a commotion that night that it got its own Twitter page. She wore a pair of Salvatore Ferragamo peep-toe pumps and finished off with Neil Lane jewelry.Beyoncé looked beautiful in this one-shoulder Armani Privé mint green gown at the 2007 Academy Awards. The slit showed off a bit of skin while still looking elegant and refined.  The actress channeled warrior women  in this leather Atelier Versace gown at the 2016 Academy Awards. A thigh-high slit gave this ensemble an A+ in sexiness. She wore Harry Winston jewels and Gianvito Rossi shoes.The star won for best actress in a leading role for her film Moonstruck at the 1988 Oscars. And to accept her award, she wore a memorable/completely sheer Bob Mackie gown with just the slightest amount of strategically placed beading and fringe. Bold and inspiring.Most memorable Oscar gown ever? It's up there. Berry wore this transparent floral appliqué dress from Elie Saab to the 2002 Academy Awards. That night she became the first Black woman to win an academy award for best actress in Monster's Ball.Who says sustainable fashion can't be sexy? Turner proved it can be when she stepped out in this body-hugging Galvan for Opening Ceremony dress at the 2016 Academy Awards. Mara attended the 2016 Academy Awards as a nominee for her work in the film Carol. To walk the red carpet she donned a long-sleeve lace Givenchy dress with a cutout in the middle. Her dress split into two sections at the bottom to show off her legs and shoes.Elie Saab is frequently a popular choice for stars on the red carpet. Kunis went with this purple lace haute couture dress from the fashion house for the 2011 ceremony. The whispery lace gave the designer piece a romantic feel, while the sheerness gave it that sex appeal. She carried a Bottega Veneta clutch and wore Neil Lane jewels. The star was like a modern-day mermaid in this metallic green crop top and skirt set. She even fashioned a belly chain around her waist. Meanwhile, Will Smith matched his S.O. with a green button-down shirt. That's true love.•••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The Stranger Things actress and Chanel darling talks season 3, her evolving fashion identity, and keeping spoiler secrets.Sadie Sink is your average 16-year-old. She’s studying for the ACTs. She’s experimenting with fashion, and counts Saoirse Ronan,  Emma Stone, and Amy Adams among her style icons. She hasn’t been able to sleep since she watched Bird Box. Oh, she’s also on this little Netflix show called Stranger Things, which will enter its third season this summer. Sink is becoming a style maven in her own right, starring in the newest campaign for Kate Spade, and being approached by, some would say, the world's most famous fashion brand to wear their designs on the red carpet. So, on second thought, maybe not exactly average.“My relationship with Chanel first started before Stranger Things came out,” Sink tells me over the phone in early January. “My stylist told me Chanel wanted to dress me for the Stranger Things premiere. It was such a big deal for me, knowing that Chanel wanted to work with me, and that I was gonna go to one of my first big red carpets wearing Chanel. That was such a huge moment for me.”“I wore this black-and-white dress I was obsessed with, and then ever since then, Chanel has styled me for different events. At the SAG Awards, I wore a really pretty gown from Chanel. Then, a month ago, I think, I went to my first Chanel show, which was a really special moment, and I had a lot of fun there.”Sink is referring to Chanel’s Metier d’Arts show, set at the Metropolitan Museum of Art and showcasing the brand’s craftsmanship and specialized ateliers. Models including Pharrell Williams and Kaia Gerber walked in heavily gilded pieces (even some models' legs were covered in metallic spray-paint), and the looks that appeared on the runway—which was located in the Met's Egyptian wing—paid homage to Ancient Egypt. The whole production was, in true Karl Lagerfeld style, wow. “That's the thing with Chanel shows,” Sink says. “I've only been to one, I usually watch online—the venues at all the Chanel shows are always huge. It's not only just about the clothes, it's the whole experience in general. The venue, and just the theme of everything–Chanel's been really good at that.While few teens get to wear designer gowns on Hollywood red carpets, when it comes to her personal style, Sink really is that 16-year-old. “I'm at the age right now where I'm still trying to figure out what I like and what I don't like. I have a pretty clear idea of that, but I wouldn't really limit myself to one particular style,” she explains. “I'm open to trying multiple different types of styles. When I'm at home doing nothing, obviously I don't really dress up.  When you're on red carpet, there are usually a lot of people involved in the process, a lot of people involved in what you wear. When I'm just at home, that's when I'm able to experiment.”One place she’s drawn inspiration from? Her Stranger Things character, Max Mayfield, whose style is quite different than Sink’s day-to-day look. But Max’s fashion sense has worn off on the actress. “Max is very sporty,” she says. “She wears a lot of bright colors, and because of her, I think I've been inspired to experiment with color more. Before, I would just only stick to a few certain colors that were considered good for my skin tone and good for my hair. But ever since Stranger Things, the wardrobe people there, they would always stick me in these super bright colors. I discovered all these new colors that I just like wearing.”“[Max] kind of goes for the more sweatshirt, shorts, jeans look. But then again, that's the '80s. Actually, a lot of '80s styles are coming back right now. I think one of the shorts I was wearing was from Urban Outfitters or something like that. Fashion’s past trends are coming back. It's interesting to see the show kind of incorporate some of the clothes that we're actually wearing today.”Sink is excited for the third season's premiere on July 4, not just because a whole new season of the binge-able drama will be released into the wild, but also because she won't have to keep everything to herself for much longer. Even having the release date out there is a relief. "I don't have to keep any secrets anymore," she says of the premiere date news.  "We've still got a while to go, but I think it'll fly by, and everyone will love the new season. It's really different, but in a good way, because it's set in the summer, so it gives it a whole different feel. We're not in school."One notable thing that will be different straight off the bat is Max's relationship with her brother, Billy. "I think where we left off in season two, she and her brother are at a very different place than they were at the beginning. She's kind of established that she's not gonna be messed with anymore, and he knows that. There's not as much drama between them—he knows his boundaries, and he knows that he's not gonna get away with the stuff that he used to.""I can't really give anything away, but we're definitely gonna go more in-depth to every single character's past," she continues. "This season was great for not only my character, but every single character. I think the fans are gonna be happy. Questions will be answered, and then new problems will arise, but I don't know; I'm excited for everyone to see it."Last season left fans feeling all the feelings about the kiss between Max and Lucas, and luckily, Sink says viewers will get more of those two this season. "I loved the relationship because it's a typical teen relationship. Most shows today have these teen relationships and they're totally unrealistic, but Max and Lucas have this hilarious relationship that I think everyone's gonna love. Yeah. You've got some really funny plots this season.""That's the thing I love about Stranger Things," she says. "It's not all Sci-Fi. It's not all drama. They've got some really funny moments and funny subplots in there. A lot of good comical relief, which I think is one of the reasons why this show is so loved. There's something for everyone. There's a genre for everyone. Even if you don't like scary, you'll find other elements in the show that resonate with you." Like talented young actresses who have very colorful futures in front of them.Photography by Tyler Jo at Crosby Street Hotel, NYC. Clothing by Chanel. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			On Wednesday, Katie Holmes braved the cold to stop by an art supplies store in New York City. Though she tried to stay incognito with her sunglasses, the actress definitely stood out in her bright pink Acne Studios coat (insert Mean Girls "On Wednesdays we wear pink" line) and a red Chanel bag. Underneath her outerwear, she wore a beige sweater and jeans, practical pieces for a mom, or anyone really, who's on the go. A pair of trusty Adidas sneakers completed her look. The scene-stealer, however, was definitely her gorgeous blush coat. It featured a relaxed fit and side pockets—a necessity for stuffing things like tissues and your cellphone into. Shop a similar coat to Holmes':Though if the price point isn't within your budget, I found several more affordable pink coats, below. Now we all win. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Meghan Markle attended Cirque de Soleil last night with husband Prince Harry in support of Harry's Sentebale charity. The glowing mom-to-be was sparkly from head to toe in a navy Roland Mouret gown that paid sweet and fitting tribute to Harry's mom Princess Diana—all the way down to Diana's bracelet, which completed the look. But a closer inspection of her outfit reveals that Meghan is still pushing fashion boundaries and stretching official royal protocol, even as she's entering one of the busiest times of her life. Behold: Meghan wore dark nail polish on her toes—it looks like navy or black, to match her outfit or shoes—and dark, vibrant plum red lipstick. Royal protocol is generally restricted to light shades, even during super-formal occasions like this one. What's so intriguing here is that Meghan almost never favors dark lipstick in her own life, and we haven't seen her wear such a dark shade since becoming a royal. So this is not only a royal rule that she's broken, but also a personal one. Frankly, I think she looks great, so I think she should do it more often. We've already seen Meghan break the nail polish protocol before, with burgundy polish on her hands. Last night she wore light polish on her hands as a contrast to her dress and clutch—best not to break all the rules at once, so that makes sense!Here's a look at the full outfit: And a close-up of the nail polish on her toes:Meghan did opt for a light pink for her nails, though:It's a good thing the Queen thinks royal protocol is all "rubbish"—so the duchess is almost certainly in the clear, whether she breaks royal protocol once, twice, or a dozen times. Okay, maybe not a dozen times.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Place your order now and wear your new item to the office next week.The majority of your closet is likely dedicated to work clothes (unless you WFH and live in sweats, in which case, I'm jealous). There are the black dress pants you wear three times a week, the sweater you live in for winter, and the shirt dress you throw on when all else fails. So it makes sense that—whenever you're going shopping—new items have to also be "work appropriate." After all, you dress for the office more than anywhere else. Before you fork over $300 for a pair of designer slacks, however, remember there are plenty of affordable, professional pieces out there. You can find cute blouses or pencil skirts for under $150 (or under $100 even). As proof, we've done the shopping for you, ahead.  Your hunt for an affordable blazer that looks expensive is over; this double-breasted maroon blazer from Halogen checks off both boxes. It's a swanky upgrade from cardigans, but not too stuffy that you can't wear it with jeans to brunch. We'll be scooping up this work-to-weekend jacket in two other colors, black and blue, too. For the past five years, I've used this tote as a carryall for my laptop, water bottle, lunch, and sneakers. It served me well, and I beat it up. But at an affordable $49, I didn't hesitate to invest in a second one—especially now that I know it'll last me until 2024.Marie Kondo your tights drawer and toss out the old ones that don't spark joy. Then, replace with this under-$20 pair from J.Crew that promises sleek style and a comfortable fit. And if you're interested in the manufacturing backstory, these tights are made in the USA at a century-old mill in North Carolina. Don't wear a blazer over this satin top—let the bow on your shoulder shine. Styling it requires hardly any effort because the floral print and yellow hue stand out plenty on their own. Simply tuck it into jeans and wear with flats or a white pump.  First, these chic leather ankle boots are on sale. Second, I need them. They look cooler than Chelsea boots and less painful to wear than heels, which means these shoes might just be the one thing I wear to death this season. Style with a sweater and skirt or underneath a flowing maxi dress.One of the most basic, versatile pieces is the camisole. This one strikes the right balance between modesty and femininity with sheer paneling and delicate spaghetti straps. Layer under a blazer or cardigan or over a long-sleeve tee. If you're not a fan of the pastel pink, it comes in five other colors.A leather skirt will make you look put together even if you don't feel like it. This classic, structured piece works well with everything from pumps to white sneakers. And, it says you mean business. Don't be afraid to voice your opinions at that big meeting—you're wearing the pants skirt after all. For a cool alternative to the work bag, stuff everything you need into this shopper tote that doubles as a weekender bag. Its vibe is totally fashun...and at less than forty dollars. If your job lets you wear anything you want, why not push the creative boundary with this blue python printed dress? It's truly a statement look that'll boost your confidence and add up your style cred. Layer tights underneath if the weather's cold.This is Everlane's first non-prickly alpaca sweater and also one of the most popular items on its website. It has a cool rib pattern, a crew neckline, and a soft, plushy—almost airy—feel. You can layer it over another top or wear it with slacks for a casual-meets-business look. Your very corporate job might limit what you can and can't wear, but you can always add color and personality with your accessories. This pair of mint-and-peach-colored earrings will provide a funky contrast to your white button-down shirts or liven up a black suit set. They're interesting, but not overly flashy. This two-tone cardigan now has a permanent place on the back of my chair. The colors will go seamlessly with pretty much everything, so you don't have to think twice about matching. When the office AC starts blasting (or if you neglected to layer up), this long cardigan has your back. A lace top that you can tuck into any type of bottom is crucial to getting dressed quickly. It's polished and elegant with its high-neck collar, and lace trim keep it from being snoozy. This will become your safety top five out of the seven days.Whatever industry you work in, it never hurts to own at least one pair of menswear-inspired trousers. This one from Banana Republic is formulated with extra stretch (for days you had a heavy lunch) and is machine washable, so you can quickly wear them again. Bring on the meetings and presentations—you and your pants got this.These classic spotted loafers come in a ladylike silhouette with a pointed toe and tiny heel. They can be dressed up with a leather skirt or dressed down with jeans. Play it safe and order two of these babies just in case—you're going to wear them...a lot.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Just two days after visiting Birkenhead, Meghan Markle's off to another spot. This time, her visit was to The Mayhew, a charity that promotes animal welfare. The Duchess of Sussex has been a loyal supporter of animal rights, even before she became a royal. Her dogs, Guy and Bogart, were adopted from shelters, and since she joined the royal family, she's made it a point to skip their annual Boxing Day hunt to stay true to her beliefs. On this particular day, it seemed like Meghan felt like monochromatic ensemble. She stepped out of the car in a beige coat, minidress, and matching beige heels from Paul Andrew during her visit to the charity. The outerwear was by Armani, while her dress was from H&M's maternity section. The knitted dress formed to the Duchess's figure and hugged her growing baby bump. She accessorized with a Stella McCartney "Falabella" tote bag.If you follow the royal's style, you know affordable fashion is Meghan's forte. She, like Kate Middleton, is known for mixing high-low fashion, frequenting brands like J.Crew, Madewell, Aritzia, and ASOS. I tracked down the exact $35 dress, below, for you to shop:If you love it, buy it now—this number will sell out quickly.For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			We're getting to lust over a ton of outfits as Kate Middleton and Meghan Markle kick off 2019 with a flurry of outings. This morning, Kate paid a visit to the Royal Opera House to see how costumes are made, meet with principal dancers, and even sit in on a rehearsal. And it just so happens that she wore a beautiful fuchsia Oscar de la Renta dress (a rewear) similar to Meghan's Babaton by Aritizia purple dress of yesterday's visit to Birkenhead with Prince Harry. What does this mean? Are Kate and Meghan coordinating, deliberately or unintentionally? Is it a nod to Meghan's style? Are the duchesses taking direction from the Queen, who loves to use bright colors to stand out to everyone who's come to see her? Could it just be...a coincidence?Here's Kate Middleton's full outfit. It looks like she didn't wear a jacket out of the car (unlike Meghan, as you'll see below), letting the Oscar de la Renta dress, and her cool new shoes, take center stage. And as a reminder, here's Meghan's outfit from yesterday, which she paired with a gorgeous red Sentaler jacket. Meghan's look drew comparisons to similar purple looks by Princess Diana, and it looks like Kate is channeling Diana too. There's this beautiful light purple jacket with an all-black outfit to let the single color stand out: And then there's the bright, fashion-forward outfits Princess Diana also enjoyed during public events:Whatever the reason, both duchesses' looks are both vibrant and sweetly reminiscent. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			After a thoroughly casual outing yesterday that including a stylish and affordable J. Crew sweater, Kate Middleton is back to looking glam and colorful today as she visits the Royal Opera House's costume department. The duchess and mom of three wore a vivid fuchsia Oscar de la Renta dress—a good choice to pair with the fun costumes she's going to see and the dancers she's going to meet—and new shoes that add a little flair to her regular wardrobe! Kate's known for wearing nude and plain black shoes that perfectly complement her outfits and blend seamlessly into the background. But these Rupert Sanderson pumps (a brand that Kate has worn before) give just the right amount of sparkle to stand out. Plus, they're sky-high patent stilettos, a bit of a changeup from Kate's regular suede. It looks like the pair itself might be a year or two old, but a similar style is currently available on their website (update: it sounds like the shoe is available... but exclusive to stores and not online right now). I love the idea of Kate stealthily purchasing shoes and saving them for JUST the right occasion. The pumps were first IDed by Dress Like a Duchess.  The dress itself is a repeat; Kate last wore it in 2017 at the Guild of Health Writers Conference in London. The lovely black bag is by Aspinal of London, per the Daily Mail. Here's the full outfit in motion:  New shoes for Kate today too! They were black patent with a gold buckle detail. pic.twitter.com/ZLhGcLNKwhAnd a closer look at the new shoes:  I know I say this all the time, but maybe Meghan Markle is having an effect on Kate's wardrobe! Meghan loves her  high-end shoes, and always adds a little something special to her otherwise chic and classic styles: mostly recently, with her PVC cow-print heels. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I'm ready for savasana.For yoga, the right clothes are key. You need garb that won't restrict your movements (if the pants don't stretch when you do chair pose, please leave them at home). Alternatively, if you're wearing an oversize t-shirt or very loose tank top, while comfortable, they will, annoyingly, fall into your face as you go into downward dog (happened to me). You need to be able to focus your energy and attention on the poses at hand, not your outfit. Whether you have an upcoming Bikram class or an intro to Vinyasa session, I've come up with five wearable and cute—but not distractingly cute—outfits to wear, below. Namaste. Less is more in hot yoga, so this halter-bra-and-biker-shorts-combo is for you, Bikram fan. You can sweat it out in style, then enjoy a refreshing sip of water from your marble patterned bottle. After class, throw on a cropped hoodie to show off your hard-earned abs and kick back in a pair of chunky sneakers.Shop similar: 1. Champion white hoodie, $65; 2. Same halter bra, $95; 3. Same elastic shorts, $80; 4. S'well water bottle, $35; 5. Fila leather sneakers, $120Your athletic nature won't go unnoticed by your yoga peers when you arrive to class in this outfit. The stripe details, bold color, and high-top sneakers casually give your ensemble that too-cool-for-school vibe. To help you feel quiet and centered, this gem pod water bottle claims to keep your mind, body, emotions, and spirit in harmony. Shop similar: 1. Unravel cotton hoodie, $495; 2. Forever 21 sports bra, $18; 3. Tory Sport chevron leggings, $125; 4. Vitajuwel balance water bottle, $98; 5. Nike Air Force utility sneakers, $110Attention fitness fanatics who gravitate towards the conspicuously colorful printed bras and leggings: We've hand-picked this floral set for your next yoga session. Like your personality, this look is bold and funky, so don't be afraid to show that in class. If where you live is chilly, throw on a puffer before you head out. Shop similar: 1. Boohoo puffer jacket, $55; 2. Adidas by Stella McCartney blossom sweatshirt, $55; 3. Stance tomboy bra, $36; 4. The Upside floral stretch leggings, $55; 5. Nike air vapormax, $200Sweating in yoga is inevitable. If, like me, you want to discreetly conceal sweat stains, an all-black outfit is the solve. Throw on a black hoodie afterward and you're ready to run errands post-class. You can spot me in the cheese aisle at Whole Foods. What? I worked hard for it. Shop similar: 1. T by Alexander Wang hoodie, $198; 2. Lucas High sports bra, $100; 3. Beyond Yoga original pants, $59; 4. Yoga Zeal yoga mat, $78; 5. Adidas swift run sneakers, $85Lots of yogis like to practice in just their sports bras. If you're not comfortable with that look just yet, stay modest with a tank top and leggings. A cute hoodie like this one from Tory Sport and a teddy-inspired coat put the finishing touches on this athleisure outfit. Both pieces are also versatile enough to wear with jeans outside of the yoga studio. Shop similar: 1. Alo sherpa coat, $210; 2. Tory Sport hoodie, $170; 3. Casall cut tank, $38; 4. Alo high-waist leggings, $112; 5. Adidas suede sneakers, $90•••For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The royal family are dividing and conquering their duties this week. Meghan Markle and Prince Harry visited Birkenhead, England on Monday, greeting fans and stopping by local organizations. On Tuesday, Kate Middleton made her rounds, dropping by King Henry's Walk Garden to see how it brings people together through gardening and food growing. The Duchess of Cambridge is known for being outdoorsy, so this special visit aligned closely with her values and her love of nature. The engagement also comes on the heels of an announcement that Kate will co-design a garden for the Royal Horticultural Society's Chelsea Flower Show in May. For the visit, Kate bundled up in a practical Dubarry Bracken jacket, olive jeans, and See by Chloé suede ankle boots. And though you can't really see it that well, she also layered a J.Crew mahogany sweater underneath her jacket for extra warmth. The everyday sweater comes in 12 different shades and is an affordable $80. This isn't the first time Kate's pulled something from the brand; she loves her J.Crew hair bow and sailor pants.Get Kate's exact sweater:Some more colors:For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter. SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Until this moment, my vision board for Hell was the underworld in Hercules and whatever I can recall from Dante's Inferno (hint: not much). This is no longer the case: These photos from German designer Irene Luft's Berlin Fashion Week show have ascended from the fiery pits of Hell and lodged themselves firmly in my brain, where they shall haunt me for evermore.Don't get me wrong, the clothes are gorgeous! It's just kind of hard to concentrate on anything other than the utterly chilling mesh contact lenses that all of the models wore to walk in the show on January 15. The models wore their hair pulled back into tight buns, and black lines painted on either side of their face, from their eyelids to their hairline—and the effect, well. I don't know that words do this justice, so here's just the first part of the process:I'm sorry! Really, I am. But you clicked on this. You knew what you were getting into. Here's the next stage.Ohhhh no. Nonono.But we're not done yet!I'll give you a little break from these cursed images to show you this photo of a model's hair, slicked back into a ponytail so tight it must cause one hell of a headache.Feeling better? Okay, here's the final product.Now that you've stared pure horror in the face, how about some more?Anyway. Now that I simultaneously want to vomit, cry, and confess all of my sins, I'll leave you to it! Have a wonderful day!!For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Wear this for your next gym trip.For her first round match at the Australian Open, Serena Williams decided to kick things off at Melbourne Park in style. I’m mainly referring to the fact that she won the match against Germany’s Tatjana Maria with a straight set win in 49 minutes, but the fact that Williams debuted yet another statement look for the game was also an extra bonus.Having brought back her signature tutu for a practice session last week (paired with pink sneakers, because of course), the tennis star unveiled a new secret weapon in her sports wardrobe last night—this time ditching the pretty skirt silhouette in favor of a bright turquoise, sleeveless bodysuit, with striped detail down the torso and around the waist, and a cut out on the back. As if that wasn’t excellent enough all by itself, Williams teamed the bodysuit with a pair of her favorite fishnet tights. It’s likely that the fishnets are more about substance than style, and acting as compression tights—a type of footwear she's worn numerous times in the past to prevent blood clots after giving birth to her daughter. Last year, Serena’s decision to wear a catsuit caused uproar, and The French Tennis Federation president, Bernard Giudicelli, announced a controversial catsuit ban from future French Opens.The outfit was given a suitably cool introduction before the match began, as the mother-of-one arrived on court in an understated, long-sleeved black raincoat and completed her warmup int the cover-up, before revealing her sartorial sport statement to crowds ahead of the game. Unsurprisingly, Twitter went crazy for her latest look.Serena Williams looks absolutely fire in this outfit. Serving you curves for days! 💚 #AusOpen pic.twitter.com/GVHbnhc6ErSerena Williams unveiling her outfit at the #AusOpen pic.twitter.com/VlRIOh0wvZSpeaking after her win, Williams revealed that the garment has officially been named the ‘Serena-tard’. Explaining her choice, the player said: “Nike always wants to make an incredibly strong, powerful statement for mums that are trying to get back and get fit. That was basically it for me.”So, there’s your gym outfit inspo for the week—if you're not wearing fishnets, it's not worth going.For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Heart eyes to the max. For those of you who love love year-round, February 14th is the perfect excuse to be a little extra with your tokens of affection. And that means going beyond the cliche choices of chocolate or roses. Looking for something perfect for yourself, an S.O., or a really good friend? Shop these chic Valentine's Day–themed gifts any hopeless romantic would appreciate. This fresh pair of Nike cortez sneakers will a) show her you pay attention to her style, and b) has a red and white color combo that fits perfectly with the Valentine's Day theme.  Love notes come in all different forms, like this chic envelope bag that's perfect for date night. You now have an excuse to finish this entire box of 12 Belgian chocolate-dipped Oreos together. You're welcome. If she checks her horoscope quicker than she responds to texts, she'll be obsessed with this elegant birthstone pendant necklace. Fall in love with The Fragrance Kitchen's blend of pink pepper, citron, cedarwood, amber, and sandalwood perfume. Bonus: It's currently on-sale (!). Spice things up this Valentine's Day with the help of Goop's The Sex Issue, which covers everything from how to navigate sex in a #MeToo world to orgasmic meditation. (Yes, it's exactly what it sounds like.)When was the last time you heard someone say they hate their cozy heart socks? Exactly. Encourage her to place her necklaces on this sassy lip tray instead of tossing them in a bag where they're sure to tangle. You're doing her (and her jewelry) a favor. An understated rose-gold steel cuff she'll cherish always. *Insert cuffing joke here.*This boob planter is the perfect gift for your bestie. It says, "I love you just as much you (try to) love your succulents."Remind her you're always watching out for her with these versatile low-top fashun sneakers. Say, "I bloom whenever I'm with you," then proceed to hand her this gorgeous perfume.Will take this super kissable YSL lipstick in three shades, thanks. Let this heart-shaped fortune teller answer life's most important questions like, "Will he swipe right?" and "Should I open this bottle of wine now?"This gorgeous sterling silver and diamond David Yurman heart ring screams, "I'm ready to take our relationship to the next level." Go for it. Let the shirt speak for itself. (Also noteworthy: It's from the same brand Connie Britton wore to the Golden Globes last year.)Give them literal heart eyes with this chic pair of retro-inspired sunglasses. It's hard being a hopeless romantic. This reversible shearling and leather coat is the most swoon-worthy item you can gift a fashion lover. Name something more romantic than getting a rose-gold-and-diamond Cartier love bracelet on Valentine's Day.Replace the dead roses on her desk with this vase of heart-shaped flowers made out of red crystal petals and a green metal stem. Too much? Never. This blush crossbody will give her the warm and fuzzies—inside and out.A cheeky reminder that, yes, it's Valentine's Day. Celebrate it in this pair of velvet (!) underwear. Gold jewelry? On Valentine's Day? You shouldn't have.Engrave the outside of this floral-scented bottle with her initials or a special date (like your anniversary...hint hint).This towel is most definitely not for the faint-hearted.A great daily reminder that—yes!—it's totally normal to have feelings.A keychain for a more...lighthearted relationship.•••For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			And of course, it looks great.Meghan Markle and Prince Harry have a full itinerary today for their visit to Birkenhead, England. The two kicked off the activities at Hamilton Square by greeting fans and throughout the day will visit a number of local organizations that support and empower groups within the local community, including Tomorrow's Women and The Hive Wirral Youth Zone. For the visit, the Duchess of Sussex arrived wearing bold color on bold color, with a dress from Babaton by Aritizia in a vivid shade of purple, and an equally bright red coat by Sentaler. It's a completely different look for Meghan, who typically opts for demure shades of nude, navy and black for her royal appearances.You might also have spotted Meghan's Gabriela Hearst leather bowling bag and delicate jewelry—a pair of dainty earrings by Bar Jewellery. She even wore a pair of matching bold red heels from Stuart Weitzman to complete the look, despite being pregnant, a true testament to her style as a chic duchess. (Because you'd find me in sneakers, TBH.) Today's visit comes after last week when Meghan dropped by Smart Works (an organization that helps women re-enter the workforce), which she recently became a patron to. The Duchess of Sussex has a busy schedule lined up for today and she's handling everything like a pro. See more photos of her outfit, from head to toe, ahead. For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Medical jewelry is a quick and practical way to convey all kinds of essential information, from conditions like allergies and diabetes to contact information. There's a Medical ID app for smart phones and the Apple Watch, but as a person who's lived with allergies all my life, I like having a very clear sign for medical professionals/EMTs to find quickly in an emergency. Plus, technology can glitch or run out of batteries, so I always wear my medical bracelet just in case.  However, if I'm buying something I need to wear, I don't want it to be a chore to fit in my wardrobe. Anyone who's ever tried to buy medical jewelry can relate to the following struggle: 1) I look for a classic, not-too-trendy piece to match my style. 2) Everything is hideous. 3) I give up. This process has repeated itself since I was old enough to try replacing a truly ghastly set of medical dog tags I had to wear as a kid. Fortunately, there's more selection now. There are some practical, sporty options out there (think Road ID), but, for me, I want something that integrates with the light, layering pieces I use every day for work and going out. Sadly, high-end designers haven't gotten on the medical jewelry train just yet—what I wouldn't give for a Tiffany or Sarah Chloe bracelet—but I've heard that custom pieces are possible in some cases. If you're looking for something a little easier, or your wallet can't quite handle something pricey, these are some affordable, customizable options that have the caduceus (that snake-and-staff symbol) printed clearly somewhere. Now, I can look forward to buying a new bracelet every time I get a new allergy! Ugh. Fun fact: I own this. I've never had a single person (who wasn't a doctor or nurse) identify it as a medical bracelet. I have a lot of information to put on there, and the bigger width means I get a ton of character space to use. It's so cute that it's actually become a seamless part of my style—I've bought similar chunky cuffs to pair with it so that it looks more deliberate. It comes in silver and rose gold, too.This is a more delicate, minimalistic look. The lighter symbol means it's not obtrusive and in your face, but still identifiable to an EMT. There's not as much room to put information on the back, which is why I opt for something thicker, but there's enough room to get a few words on there. The cuff is also available in silver. A pendant is a good staple that pairs with (or under) most outfits and never goes out of style. This one is stamped on the front and allows for engraving on the back, and it comes in gold, rose gold, and silver. It doesn't give much space for engraving—just enough to put a couple words, or an emergency contact number—but it's so cute that I might just buy one that matches my bracelet. It's totally thematic!Delicate jewelry is definitely still in; just ask Meghan Markle. If you wear one or more sparkly bangles on your wrist, you might consider adding one like this that fits right in. If you don't, this little piece will look unobtrusive and dainty. Unlike the above two cuffs, though, it isn't adjustable, so just bear that in mind when you order.There are a number of silicone bands out there, but it's tough to find one that isn't designed with kids in mind (or look like those old-school Livestrong bracelets everyone was wearing in 2005). This one is a standout because it's sleek and ubiquitous. A lot of people wear Fitbits, and this looks similar to one, so it's a good, surreptitious option. This is kind of a fun concept: On the front, it just looks like a set of plain, stackable silver rings with the caduceus on top of one of them. But underneath, at the base of the rings, they actually list out your conditions. This wouldn't be practical for me, as I'd need 18 rings to list them all, but a cute look nonetheless. There are other medical necklaces out there, but it's really, really hard to find one that doesn't look like glorified dog tags. This one is a delicate bar, and could pass as a regular piece of jewelry that happens to have engraving on it. This is the back view—the front is engravable and has the caduceus stamped on it. This comes in silver and rose gold, too, in case gold isn't your thing. I don't normally opt for color in my work jewelry, because it's too hard to make sure the piece goes with everything. But this mini-cuff is super-thin so that it's just a pop of emerald. The gold keeps it classic, and the geometric design gives it a little visual flair (it also comes in light pink, if that's still too much color!). This one miiiight also be on my shopping list. For a simple, inexpensive look, this silver bangle is hard to beat. It lets you engrave on the front and back, although I don't tend to print any kind of personal information where random people can read it (I take the subway, in case you couldn't tell). Make sure you measure your wrist and get the right size, because this style isn't adjustable. Have a charm bracelet you can add a teeny-tiny charm to? This little pendant isn't engravable, but attaches to a bracelet or to the back of a necklace clasp. It's a small but significant way to tag your pre-existing jewelry, although you'll need a backup way to communicate exactly what your condition is. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Make space, Birkins, there's a new bag in the house. Kris Jenner, matriarch, has welcomed a new structured tote into her life by Dee Ocleppo. Jenner posted an Instagram video unveiling the accessory, along with a personal note from Ocleppo, and told her followers to check out the gorgeous bag. And, actually, it's really really nice—the kind of smart-looking tote one can bring to work and look super chic. The carryall is made from 100 percent Italian leather and has a removable interior pocket and removable shoulder straps, so you can style it two different ways. At $389, this sleek bag is probably one of the more affordable ones in Jenner's closet. She, famously, built a shrine in her home dedicated to all her Hermès Birkins, so this work tote is a fresh addition to all her outrageously luxe handbags. (I have a feeling her kids, like Kim Kardashian, might even want one for themselves.) If you're wondering why this particular black tote looks so good it's because Ocleppo is married to famed fashion designer Tommy Hilfiger, who reportedly urged his wife to create her now eponymous accessory label.  Here's a peek at the bag:  Thank you for my GORGEOUS bag @deeocleppo @mrshilfiger #obsessed #grateful #love ❤️❤️A post shared by  Kris Jenner (@krisjenner) on Jan 11, 2019 at 7:03am PSTShop it yourself:Thanks Kris Jenner (and Dee). We're now adding this must-have tote to our best work bags list.For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You're not the only one who loves Mary Poppins movies—Blake Lively does, too. Last night, the actress attended a private viewing of Mary Poppins Returns at Feinstein's/54 Below in New York City with her husband Ryan Reynolds,  and smiled for the cameras on her way out of the venue. (Their two kids, James and Inez, did not join their parents for the outing.) Unlike the lazy girl in me who wears leggings/any form of stretchy pants to the movies (more room for popcorn and snacks, you know), Lively stepped out in a head-turning ensemble.The star donned a pre-fall 2019 Monse asymmetrical dress with a pair of towering tri-colored pumps. The deconstructed dress was designed to look a bit disheveled, as if Lively had accidentally skipped some buttons while getting into her dress. A peek of striped fabric hung out from her dress and dangled about as part of the look. Lively seemed to know fans would take an interest in her distorted outfit and shared on Instagram, "Going for: 'Cinderella post stepsisters tearing up her gown because they hate her' chic..." Going for: “Cinderella post stepsisters tearing up her gown because they hate her” chic...A post shared by  Blake Lively (@blakelively) on Jan 11, 2019 at 5:12am PSTWhether or not you love Lively's dress, however, the $3,000 ensemble's not yet available to shop, so I found something similar from the brand below. Here's more photos of Lively looking gorgeous in the asymmetrical look. You're welcome. For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Meghan Markle officially has four royal patronages under her belt: The National Theatre, The Association of Commonwealth Universities, the Mayhew, and Smart Works. On Thursday, the Duchess of Sussex made a visit to the latter for one of her first public events in the new year. She arrived at Smart Works, a charity that helps vulnerable and longterm unemployed women seek re-entrance into the workforce, ready to speak with staff members and women who benefit from the charity's initiatives. For the visit, Meghan wore a black cap-sleeve maternity dress by Hatch, an Oscar de la Renta coat, earrings by Kimai, and the most conspicuous pair of heels from Gianvito Rossi. Not only did they feature a cow print (a nice change of pace from classic leopard), but the sides were transparent. If you're thinking, wait, did Meghan just rock the PVC trend—yes, yes, she did. Gianvito Rossi is a brand she wears often, in addition to her other go-to labels, so it was only a matter of time that she'd debut something from them beyond a timeless suede pump.Although her exact shoe style is sold out (it's an older version from the label), Gianvito Rossi offers plenty of everyday PVC options like this black cap toe piece.Meghan's outfit might have said "I'm ready for business," but her cow print heels definitely showed off the fun and fashionable side to her personality. I approve. For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			In a previously unscheduled royal visit, Meghan Markle is visiting Smart Works this morning, and there's video! Smart Works is one of Meghan's first four royal patronages, announced earlier this morning by Kensington Palace. Royal reporter Roya Nikkah wrote on Twitter that Meghan is meeting with staff and women who have previously worked with Smart Works, then helping with outfit selection and interview prep. Meghan—getting actively involved on her royal visits, like always!Royal reporter Rebecca English got video of Meghan's arrival. According to English, Meghan is wearing a tan trench coat by Oscar de la Renta at over £2k, earrings by Kimai, and a black dress by maternity line Hatch at £170. Apparently the bag is "Vanity Box" by Victoria Beckham, on sale for £900 (prices reported here): The Duchess of Sussex arrives at @SmartWorksHQ - one of four new patronages announced today.  It’s a fantastic new charity which helps women get back into work. pic.twitter.com/eXYKpiah6DLook at those shoes, which were by Gianvito Rossi! I'm not sure I could pull them off today, much less super-pregnant. The whole look is the perfect work-appropriate look: Meghan looks ready to take on royal duties with her fashion-forward style. There's also video from inside of Meghan chatting with some of the women who have benefitted from the charity, courtesy of royal reporter Omid Scoobie: Meghan chats with Ashwak, who was out work for almost six months before receiving support from @SmartWorksHQ. She now has an advertising job in Soho. “I got so much confidence from talking to a coach and getting that hands on advice,” she says. pic.twitter.com/omK6NylOGdWe also got a better look at her dress as Meghan worked as a stylist and did interview coaching: The Duchess of Sussex at @SmartWorksHQ pic.twitter.com/G2a5UxCPgOMeghan the stylist! pic.twitter.com/cxfOrOl4dwInterview coaching with Ruma Parvin, 29, who was referred by @PrincesTrust pic.twitter.com/fm36TvHnp1English also showed the prep photos as Smart Works staffers busily readied for the princess's arrival. Meghan has visited the charity several times, so this will likely be an extension of her training and work with the organization. Preparing at @SmartWorksHQ Meghan has visited a number of times previously and has even given some ladies interview coaching before their job interview. pic.twitter.com/9qECRp0sYpFor more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's one of a kind find.In our biweekly series, editors share "the item they wear to death," whether it be a basic white tee or a super-trendy jumpsuit. Prepare yourself (and your credit card) for some guilt-free shopping.When I first interviewed for my job at Marie Claire, my interviewer flatly asked me, "Do you know anything about fashion?"It wasn’t a dig at my outfit. I was in a smart, safe, interview look: a black blazer, black pencil skirt, and modest heels. The question was meant to quiz me on the industry I was about to enter into, if I was one of those people who "got" fashion fashun. To put it another way, if you work at a financial firm, you should know about mutual funds. (I think?) Thus, if you’re going to work at a fashion magazine, you should at least know the basics of style. Unfortunately for me, I didn’t. For the sake of being honest, I candidly answered "No," then quickly added, "but I am a fast learner."Remarkably I got the job, and ever since, I've tried to follow up on the promise made at that interview: to learn and understand the world of fashion and use it as a means of self-expression; to expand my wardrobe past basics and petite-length jeans. But early on my plans to look like an Instagram-influencer-meets-nonchalant-cool-girl  went awry. Every time I put on something "fashionable," like a furry coat, I didn’t feel like me, I felt like a major poser. As it turns out, I learned my most important fashion lesson by simply observing the women in my office: that dressing well does not mean dressing like everyone else. One of my co-workers looks chic every day sporting floor-length back sheaths under chunky sweaters. Another dons platform sneakers and puffy neon coats, even when it’s not cold. And though these two ladies couldn’t look more different, they both look effortlessly cool because their clothes completely epitomize them. So I ditched the items that didn’t feel like me and let go of the idea that I had to hit up every sample sale in New York City to build a worthy wardrobe. In return, I focused on finds that, at the risk of sounding cliché, made me feel like my best self. Fast forward to Black Friday 2017. I was home in Philadelphia for Thanksgiving when I ventured into an upscale consignment shop with my mom. In the sea of tea-length black sheaths and sleek kitten heels, I found a jean jacket from one of the top fashion houses: Versace. It came oversized in a light denim color and was covered in embroidery and patches (the back patch boasted the word "Versace" in a race car–inspired font). The outerwear was much flashier than anything I had ever owned, but when I tried it on, something about it just made me feel cool. Not poser cool, not New York cool, but me in a slightly more edgy, fun look. As an extra selling point, the store owner told me the jacket was one-of-a-kind. At a "thrifted" price, the denim piece was still $150 dollars, but I just had to have it. And though spending that much on a glorified jean jacket felt somewhat ridiculous, it has proven to be a shrewd decision. I've worn this jacket to work—it passes the office fashion test!—and for drinks out with my girlfriends. I can layer it over a sundress in the spring or pair it with black jeans in the fall. I even draped it over my shoulders and a silky slip dress for a holiday party. A small disclaimer here though, the jacket doesn't always match with everything (like most denim jackets do) and I can only wear it once in a while or risk it feeling overdone. But, when I do reach for it in my closet, it always boosts my confidence. And I always feel powerful when I have it on. Now, that’s fashion folks.   Here's a similar patch-covered denim jacket to shop.For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She just dropped 23 new pieces.Ask and you shall receive. Rihanna just dropped a Valentine's Day collection for her Fenty x Savage line ahead of February 14, breaking mending the hearts of those in search of affordable, sexy but cute and wearable lingerie. The new 23-piece collection features poppy pinks and deep red colors (don't worry there is some black too) along with heart-shaped pasties, embroidered lip bralettes, and sheer-as-hell bodysuits. Prices for the V-Day collection range from $20 to $68 while sizes range from 32A to 44DD in bras and XS to 3X in undies and sleepwear. Check out some of our favorite pieces, ahead.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			For the low, low price of $10,000!We've got a new candidate for today's contender for "How Far Would You Go For Fashion"—"Human-Skin Heels." Before you go thinking that Buffalo Bill has opened a shoe company, it's a lot less morbid than you think.When Hannah Rose Dalton and Steven Raj Bhaskaran of Montreal-based fashion brand Fecal Matter had a digitally altered pair of  human foot-like shoes that were featured in Vogue, the world pretty much freaked out. Fecal Mattter (yes, that's actually the brand name) is known for their out-of-this-world visuals of aliens on the streets, but in this case, the "human foot heels" were actually were prosthetics that were "petrified" into an en pointe position using Photoshop, per INSIDER. The Skin HeelA post shared by  Matieres Fecales (@fecalmatterworld) on Oct 25, 2018 at 4:07pm PDTYet what was once Photoshop soon became real life. After being asked about how the shoes were made and having to cop to the Photoshop, the brand responded with releasing the "Skin Heels," a real-life thigh-high silicon version of the shoe created by artist Sarah Sitkin, and features moles, little hairs, and uneven skin tones to close resemble resembling company co-founder Dalton's actual leg. Are you screaming yet? I know I am. This might be a case of "good for you, not for me," because anyone with the chutzpah to pull these off in public should get some credit. The only caveat is that a pair of these "Skin Heels" might cost you an arm and a leg, because they run for about $10,000 for a pair. If you've always wanted to walk barefoot in public without making your feet dirty, maybe it's a worthwhile investment for you! Bhaskaran knows that $10k is an insane number to request of people, and the brand is working to create a cheaper and more accessible version of the heels, just in case you're feeling aspirational. Yes, they're walkableA post shared by  Fecal Matter (@matieresfecales) on Oct 26, 2018 at 2:01pm PDTFor more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			 And if you so fancy, Constance Wu and Amber Heard's gowns.The Golden Globes gave us plenty of outfits to obsess over, from Lupita Nyong'o's beaded blue Calvin Klein dress to Lady Gaga's voluminous Valentino gown. As one red carpet look after another popped up, it probably never occurred to you that you could shop them IRL. (After all, stars work with stylists to get their hands on the designer gowns, and oftentimes these pieces are custom-made for the wearer.) Surprise: Moda Operandi, a luxury runway retailer, is now offering select Golden Globes looks on its website. One of the shoppable outfits is Keri Russell's sequined ensemble, which on the red carpet looked like a dress, but is actually a bodysuit tucked into a matching skirt. The Monique Lhuillier separates will run you $1,395 for the top and $1,395 for the skirt, though the silver lining here is this designer outfit will make you feel like a Globes red carpet nominee (Russell was nominated for her role in The Americans). Also, it's super sparkly and glamorous. Keri Russell in her bodysuit and skirt combo at the Globes:Shop the Monique Lhuillier ensemble:If Russell's two-piece doesn't tug at your heartstrings, you can shop Amber Heard and Constance Wu's dresses instead. For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Right after the awards portion of the Golden Globes, stars flocked to the after-parties hosted by the likes of HBO and InStyle and Warner Brothers. Some celebs stayed in their gowns while others quickly changed into something sexier or more comfortable. Host and Globes winner Sandra Oh traded in her gowns for a jumpsuit and sneakers while Thandie Newton was spotted arriving in her original look. Check out which celebrities partied into the night and most importantly, what they wore at the after-party. In Alexander McQueen dress, Lorraine Schwartz jewelry, Alexander Birman shoes, Jimmy Choo clutch In custom Vera Wang Collection, Giuseppe Zanotti shoes, Messika jewelry, Jimmy Choo clutchIn Calvin Klein dress, Jimmy Choo shoes, Cartier jewels, and a Valextra clutchIn Loriblu heelsIn J. Mendel dress, Sophia Webster heels, and Lorraine Schwartz jewelryIn custom Michael Kors Collection, Niwaka, and Jennifer Fisher jewelryIn ValentinoIn Miu Miu dress, Anita Ko jewelry, and Miu Miu clutchIn Aadnevik dress, Stuart Weitzman shoes, and Anita Ko jewelryIn Atelier Versace gown and shoes, Lorraine Schwartz jewelry In Michael CincoIn Louis VuittonIn Alex Perry dress, Alexandre Birman shoes, Stephen Webster jewelryIn Georges Chakra Couture dress, Giuseppe Zanotti shoes, and Harry Winston jewelry In Michael Kors CollectionIn J. Mendel In Dannijo jewelryIn Cushnie and Chloe Gosselin heelsIn Iris Serban dress, Aera shoesIn Hamel dress, Emm Kuo clutch, Hueb earrings, Mattia Cielo, DJula Jewelry, Marli and Vhernier bracelets and ringsIn Balmain and Christian Louboutin		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Stunning, if a little chilly.It is really pretty cold out there right now, so let’s all take a moment for the women who bravely risked pneumonia and frostbite on Sunday evening, all in the name of fashion. Thanks to big names like Saoirse Ronan, Halle Berry, and Constance Wu, the red carpet of the Golden Globes 2019 was awash with a selection of eye-popping, show-stopping naked dresses.But you should know by now that the party don’t start until Jenna Dewan walks in, and the World of Dance host later showed everybody how the art of naked dressing is really done, when she arrived at the InStyle and Warner Bros after party at The Beverly Hilton Hotel, in what can really only be described as half a dress.From one angle, it looked as though Dewan had played it somewhat safe in a floor length, asymmetrical black dress with subtle, sparkling pinstripe detail. Elegant, but nothing to write home about.Nothing major to see here—but, catch her from another angle and it became clear that the mother-of-one had chosen one of the most daring dresses of the night. A huge cut-out shape showed off some serious skin at her waist, while a bold, thigh-high slit left zero room for big pants. Styled simply with an effortless updo, glowing skin and some sparkling drop earrings, the black dress stole the show all by itself.It’s business on the right hand side, party on the left hand side. And that, ladies and gentlemen, is how it's done.For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Is he going sky-diving? Crash test dummy-ing?Timothée Chalamet is not afraid of bold fashion choices, whether he's wearing a bright floral suit at the London premiere of Beautiful Boy or he's dressed as a gas station attendant at the Independent Spirit Awards. So, in retrospect, we should have expected that his return to the awards show circuit at the 2019 Golden Globes would have him donning a serious lewk, but even as a scholar of the man I could not have anticipated what he actually wore. The Virgil Abloh–designed Louis Vuitton harness over a mock neck is distinct as hell. My guess for why he chose this ensemble? That he's trying to multitask because he has somewhere to be immediately after the Golden Globes. So where is he going? Let's speculate. I guess we'll find out when the tabloids tell us. Good luck tonight, Timmy! At the awards and wherever you happen to be moonlighting. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The red carpet at the 2019 Golden Globes were full of naked dresses and voluminous ball gowns. But, don't let that distract you from the ladies who chose to ditch their gowns in favor of pants. Stars like Julia Roberts chose a one-shoulder gown/pants combo while Judy Greer wore a full-on black suit with flared bottoms. These ladies looked amazing and confident as they walked down the red carpet. See everyone who wore pants, ahead.In Stella McCartney, Chopard jewelsIn Kenzo bespoke suitIn COS shirt and Alberta Ferretti suit		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Is this proof she's a royals fan?!!?Tonight, actress-slash-queen Nicole Kidman walked the red carpet at the 2019 Golden Globes looking smashing in a full sequin maroon gown and equally festive disco of a ball bag. Kidman, who's nominated for best actress in the drama film category this evening, looked especially regal in the shimmering long-sleeved look—regal in a specifically royals way. A way that will be familiar to any Kate Middleton fans. Because as Nicole Kidman, stepped onto the red carpet and turned her head, it became evident that she was sporting a black velvet BOW. Yes! A bow very much like the one a maroon-clad Duchess of Cambridge wore during a solo appearance in November and then again a week later at an appearance with her husband, Prince William.CHIC!!!!ROYAL!So, what does this mean?!?! Are bows officially officially a thing now? Sure, women having been tying bows in their hair for eons, but on a red carpet, it's definitely a statement...and on a royal (worn numerous times!) it's a Thing! And...the big question: Is Nicole Kidman a royals fan?! I can picture her sitting with her stylist, debating this year's Golden Globes look and saying something along the lines of "Give me red carpet, but give me QUEEN of the red carpet. I want to look like a tall drink of wine, but make it royal. " In my mind, she's been swiping through Elizabeth Holmes' So Many Thoughts on Instagram stories, and been inspired by all the Kate Middleton bow fans out there, just like the rest of us.Nicole Kidman is a gift, and her bow is perfect.For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for theMarie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			All eyes on her, please.The 76th annual Golden Globe Awards is finally here, and the red carpet is filled with beautiful designer gowns and sexy naked dresses. One gown in particular, worn by Keri Russell, instantly caught our eye. The star, who is nominated tonight for lead actress in The Americans, arrived in a silver metallic dress with a plunging neckline. The sleeveless ensemble draped to the floor and sparkled under the red carpet lights. Russell appears to love this sexy detail as she previously wore a plunging neckline gown to the 2018 Emmy Awards. Though that featured sleeves and extra embellishments like feathers, her metallic dress tonight was all about the sparkle and shine. She accessorized with a pair of glittery earrings and a sleek clutch. Accompanying Russell on the red carpet was her husband Matthew Rhys, who is also nominated tonight for lead actor in The Americans. Though we'll have to wait to see who snags the actual Golden Globe, Russell is already a winner in our eyes for best dressed. Check out her stunning dress, from all angles, below.For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I wasn't expecting a religious experience when I tuned into the Golden Globes red carpet this evening, but here we are. The moment Jamie Lee Curtis showed up to the Globes, resplendent in a white dress with a thigh-high split and a silver sequined bodice, with bouffant hair and some kind of clutch ring I do not understand but desperately want, I knew in my bones that host Sandra Oh would have company when she stole the show at tonight's awards.Curtis is already a Golden Globes attendee many times over, having been nominated a stunning seven times and won twice (she didn't win for Freaky Friday, though, which remains a tragedy). She isn't nominated for anything tonight, but she'll present an award in all of her white-and-silver glory.Seriously, look at her. This woman is 60 years old.Her hair! That provocative slit! And...whatever this is on her clutch!Now, I don't quite understand it, because Curtis has far more inherent style at 60 than I have at half her age, but I want it. Jamie Lee Curtis, clutch-ring pioneer. (The clutch is Perrin Paris x Zaha Hadid, FYI—a collaboration with the late Iraqi-British architect.)Curtis paired the outfit with some starfish-shaped earrings, silver to match the sequins in the neckline of her dress:Here is a woman who knows she looks friggin' unbelievable. I'd be pretty happy, too, if I were you, Jamie.So, I think we can cancel the rest of it. It's all over, people. Jamie. Sandra. They've won. They've won everything. In my head, anyway.For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The stars weren't afraid to bare it all.  It's awards season, which means a fresh wave of designer gowns, jewels, and shoes are set to hit red carpets all over Los Angeles. Kicking off the festivities is the 2019 Golden Globes, hosted by Sandra Oh and Andy Samberg. The show, which takes place at the Beverly Hilton Hotel rolled out the red carpet and we're already spotting stars like Lili Reinhart and Gina Rodriguez. It wasn't long before we got our first glimpse at the naked dresses on the red carpet. Kristin Cavallari wore a sheer bejeweled dress, but she won't be the last. See everyone who dared to bare it at the Golden Globes. In GucciIn custom Vera Wang Collection In Anita Ko jewelryIn Vera WangIn .Amen dress, Chopard jewels In DiorIn Givenchy Haute Couture		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			After last year's blackout, things are looking a lot brighter this year. Last year, celebrities stood in solidarity to support the #TimesUp movement by wearing all black on the Golden Globes red carpet. So much progress has been made since (read: men like Harvey Weinstein being held accountable for their actions), but we still have a lot of work to do. In quite a juxtaposition from the 2018 Globes, actors decided to bring back colorful, elegant silhouettes on this year's red carpet. See the chicest looks worn for the biggest night in film and television, ahead. In Burberry and Piaget jewelryIn GucciIn Michael Kors Collection dress,  Platinum by Harry Winston jewelry, and Christian Louboutin shoesIn Platinum by Lorraine Schwartz jewelryIn Christian Siriano dress, Roger Vivier shoes, Le Vian earrings, and David Webb jewelryIn Cartier jewelry and Burberry In Bvlgari jewelryIn Rodarte, Platinum by Fred Leighton jewelry, and Christian Louboutin shoesIn Calvin Klein and Bvlgari jewelry In Zuhair MuradIn Louis Vuitton embroidered bib and Cartier jewelry In Elie Saab Haute Couture and Platinum by Lorraine Schwartz jewelryIn Elie SaabIn Zuhair Murad dress and Platinum by Harry Winston jewelryIn Tamara Mellon shoes In Eva Fehren jewelry In Louis Vuitton Atelier In Stella McCartney and Chopard jewelry In Monique Lhuillier dress and Amwaj, Hanut Singh, Marco Bicego, and Marli New York jewelryIn Valentino dress and Tiffany & Co. diamonds In ChanelIn custom Vera Wang		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Few people in young Hollywood are as thoughtful or well-spoken as Amandla Stenberg. The 20-year-old actress, who made her debut as Rue in 2012's The Hunger Games, has spent the last seven years building an impressive résumé, both as an actress and as an activist. Speaking to ABC News about her recent film, The Hate U Give, Stenberg said: "I felt like I could relate on a lot of different levels in terms of being biracial and kind of always existing in between in some ways. But then also I had a really similar parallel. I grew up in South Los Angeles, but I went to a school across town that was mostly white and privileged. And so I was waking up in a black neighborhood, but then going to school and being around kids who didn’t really have any way of conceptualizing what my community was or what it felt to be black."Her most recent role, in the period drama Where Hands Touch, has been met with controversy over its subject matter (it's a love story about an interracial girl in Nazi Germany who falls in love with a member of the Hitler Youth), but Stenberg's performance has been widely praised. The actress defended the project during a 2018 interview with Variety. "I think it's challenging for people to conceive of a story about the Holocaust that is not centered around the Jewish experience, but the experience of someone else," she said. "But I think what the movie does really beautifully is it demonstrates what happens with these tricky intersections of identity and how we still continue to be human and love and be loved, despite that."True to form, she's not letting the controversial reaction to her latest project keep her in hiding. Stenberg stepped out last night for W Magazine's celebration of its "Best Performances" Portfolio and the Golden Globes in Los Angeles last night. Stenberg wore a stunning black crop-top and a flowing white skirt, accessorizing the look with a black and silver bag. When she had to venture outside, she covered up with a casual denim jacket. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			In America, at least, celebrities are often the closest thing we get to royalty. There are lots of different kinds of royalty though. There's the chic, classic kind of royal, like the modern British royal family. There's over-the-top monied "royalty" like the ultra-posh, ultra-wealthy, ultra-everything families in Crazy Rich Asians. And, of course, there is the Disney variety of royalty. Last night, at a Vanity Fair party in Los Angeles, Riverdale star Lili Reinhart channeled the latter—but not in the way you'd usually expect. When we think about celebrities dressed like Disney princesses, we tend to think of stunning (and possibly bulbous) ballgowns at red carpets and fancy awards season events. But Lili went another way. Her latest look channels a very specific princess in a very specific outfit: Giselle's famous curtain dress from Enchanted. Full disclosure: This might not be (okay, probably isn't) what Lili was going for. Her floor-length, floral (and striped!) frock just screams "I made this at home out of curtains—but in a good way" to me, personally. Thus the Enchanted connection.Other very Disney princess-y features of Lili's dress include the sleeves—they have a very Snow White-esque poof to them—and the perfect sweetheart neckline. Behold: And, in case you need a reminder, Here's Amy Adams rocking Giselle's creatively homemade dress in Enchanted:Lili's always on-point fashion isn't the only thing she's making headlines for this week. She also recently ended her social media hiatus to call out negativity on Twitter, writing: 🙏🏻 pic.twitter.com/D3Qzsd88jy		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Not much left to the imagination. Awards season is upon us and we're kicking it off on Sunday, January 6 with the Golden Globes, of course, an event that is a little, shall we say, looser than some of the more staid awards shows, thanks to its dinner-and-drinks set up. That means Hollywood brings the party—with their ensembles, too. Plunges, slits, lace, the Golden Globes red carpet has given us some of the most jaw-dropping glam moments of all time. Behold: The sexiest, most revealing dresses to ever to walk the red carpet at the Golden Globe Awards.This barely-there-knit got everyone's attention. The Nanny proudly freed the nipple at the late-90s awards ceremony. Grunge, but make it fashion. Slits everywhere for the then-rising star. Diane showed off her midriff (and cleavage) in this golden number. The queen of deep plunges opted for a backless gold option in 2009. The Spy Kids star attended the 2013 ceremony in a gown that revealed her own globes. (Sorry.) A barely-there lace black dress makes for a perfect all-black look.This unforgettable lace number is all class and sex-appeal. Deep V, racerback, and lots of sexy sparkle. Kate Hudson went naked from the waist up in 2015. The following year, Kate opted for a hippie-glam option. I have one word: abs. The Game Of Thrones star went half-sheer for her 2017 Globes appearance. Sofia would be nude if not for some strategically place embellishments. Emrata's high slit and low neckline are incredibly sexy—and incredibly classy. Elsa took all the attention from husband Chris Hemsworth at the 2017 ceremony with this sexy dress.Kate's look last year was really about that diamond necklace. This is the most covered naked dress on the list and I absolutely love it. Blanco made headlines in 2018 for not taking part in the Times Up all black protest, but this red number is truly a stunner. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Last November, Meghan Markle and Kate Middleton made headlines when they both accidentally twinned in burgundy. Meghan was making a follow-up visit to the Hubb Community Kitchen after releasing a cookbook, Together: Our Community Cookbook, with them and wore a full coat and dress look from Club Monaco. (On the other side of town, Kate stunned in her own Paule Ka burgundy skirt suit.) In a stroke of luck (or just because it's after the holidays and sales are still in full swing), Meghan's classic Club Monaco outerwear is on sale for $349 with an extra 30 percent discount (!!), so the total is $244.30.The wool blend jacket comes in two other colors, carmel and light heather gray, just in case you prefer more neutral tones, and features a straight fit with a double-button closure. You can wear it with a dress, tights and boots for winter, like the Duchess of Sussex did, or layer it over a cozy knit sweater and jeans. The possibilities for this versatile coat are endless. And Meghan, if you've somehow found this post/are reading it: you need the two other coat colors!Shop even more Club Monaco outerwear from the sale, below.For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Copying their style has never been easier. The pinnacle of fashion influencing: running your own brand. The path to getting there, however, is challenging. You need followers (lots of them), a clear vision, and a sense of authenticity. When you've successfully checked off all those boxes—and more—as ladies like Danielle Bernstein and Chriselle Lim have, you're no longer just a blogger, but an entrepreneur and designer, not simply influencing what people wear, but creating it. In short, you're a power women. These two ladies aren't the only tastemakers to dominate the Instagram/blogosphere. There are many more women who have forged major careers in fashion our of their modest blogging days. Below, we've highlighted 10 influencers to know and follow. Should you love their style, too, we've selected our favorite pieces from their brands for you to shop.  Your new favorite top. #sndecemberA post shared by  Something Navy (@somethingnavy) on Dec 6, 2018 at 12:02pm PSTNew York–based influencer Arielle Charnas started her fashion blog Something Navy back in 2009. An OG blogger, if you will. Fast forward, nearly a decade later, Charnas is running her own namesake clothing line in partnership with Nordstrom. (She sold more than $1 million dollars through a collab with the retailer in 2017, in case you were wondering the extent of her influence.) Charnas happily documents her monthly fashion drops, from sparkly earrings to cozy sweaters,  on the Something Navy Instagram account, and now shares BTS glimpses of her family life on her personal Instagram. Danielle Bernstein  launched her blog WeWoreWhat during her sophomore year of college; by age 26, she had landed herself on Forbes 30 Under 30 list (in 2017). The stylish influencer, who boasts a cool 1.9 million Instagram followers, has collaborated with a variety of brands to design everything from swimsuits to jewelry, and has two fashion lines under her belt: Second Skin Overalls and Archive Shoes. (Fun fact: The overalls line brought in $70,000 in three hours when it launched in 2016.) This entrepreneur's career in fashion is just beginning. A post shared by Rumi Dowson (@rumineely) on Dec 22, 2018 at 7:19pm PSTRumi Neely or Rumi Dowson (her married name), was one of the first bloggers to jump into the design space, launching her "casual luxury" label, Are You Ami, in 2014. The line offers a mix of sexy mini slip dresses, cheeky swimsuits, and crop tops with west coast vibes. Dowson designs all the clothing, which are manufactured in the heart of Los Angeles. If you're one of her 683k Instagram followers, you'll notice the aesthetic of what she sells directly aligns with what she shares—it's all about being confident and showing some skin.  Gucci gang💥A post shared by  Gabi (@gabifresh) on Oct 18, 2018 at 10:06am PDTGabrielle Gregg started her blog in September 2008 and has since become a well-known influencer who champions body diversity in fashion. "I knew first-hand the lack of resources for younger, trendier women sizes 14 and up, so I decided to fill the void," she writes on her website. Gregg, who has 664k Instagram followers, has stayed true to her mission, launching collections with the likes of Swimsuits For All (the label offers sizes 4 and up) and Playful Promises, a lingerie line with extended sizes. She's ventured beyond collabs, and in 2017 co-founded Premme, a clothing brand specializing in of-the-moment pieces for women of all sizes.   Saturday brunch look #mommybutmakeitfashion #chrisellesOOTDA post shared by  Chriselle Lim 🌟 임소정 (@chrisellelim) on Dec 15, 2018 at 11:41am PSTChriselle Lim kicked off her fashion career as a wardrobe stylist before launching her website, The Chriselle Factor, in 2011.  On it, she covers every topic imaginable, from fashion and beauty to lifestyle and motherhood (she's a mom of two girls). Her style, in particular, is beloved by her 1.1 million Instagram followers, which is why it's no surprise Lim has her own fashion line with Nordstrom: The Chriselle Lim Collection. Lim's eponymous line includes affordable wardrobe staples (prices range from $59 to $189) that anyone can wear. If you're obsessed with Lim's content, you can even subscribe to her personal YouTube channel, where she has a "Catchin' Up With Chris" series.  Ready for X Factor semifinals 😍 Guys vote for Naomi 💪🏻A post shared by  Chiara Ferragni (@chiaraferragni) on Dec 6, 2018 at 10:49am PSTI've unofficially dubbed Chiara Ferragni the Italian version of Kim Kardashian. Like the Kardashians, Ferragni has a fierce entrepreneurial spirit (her uber successful blog and footwear line, Chiara Ferragni Collection, became a Harvard Business School case study in 2017), lives an opulent lifestyle, and is married to an equally famous musician (Federico Lucia, an Italian rapper and producer). It's easy to forget the 31-year-old was once a blogger with a modest little site called The Blonde Salad, which has since been revamped. She's traded in her Abercrombie & Fitch hoodies for Dior gowns and Vogue covers. With 15.7 million Instagram followers and counting, Ferragni is a force to be reckon with. Vitamin D ☀️A post shared by  Shea Marie (@sheamarie) on Dec 9, 2018 at 1:07pm PSTInfluencers have a knack for zeroing in on that one product they can build their brand around. For Shea Marie, it was bathing suits. She launched her luxury swimwear line, Same Swim, in 2015 and since then, her designs have been spotted on the likes of Kendall Jenner and Hailey Bieber. Sold on her website and through retailers like Shopbop, the swimsuits range from $20 for a top to $220 for a one piece. I'm patiently waiting for  Shea Marie to launch her next big project. Perhaps it'll be a vacation-inspired shoe line? Testing the algorithm. Also, new favorite hoops ⭐️A post shared by  J. Hannah Jewelry —Jess Hannah (@j.hannah) on Jul 1, 2018 at 6:00pm PDTJess Hannah backed into the world of blogging, first designing jewelry, then later creating her blog. She now has more than 200,000 followers on Instagram. Her love for accessory-making began when she inherited a few of her grandmother's antique pieces. "From a young age, I was fascinated by the craftsmanship of them," she told The Coveteur. "I was obsessed with jewelry ever since.... [At one point], I was doing metalsmithing classes out of this old lady’s garage after school, because we didn’t have a jewelry design program at my school." After launching J. Hannah (pieces are made to order from solid 14k gold or sterling silver), the designer also, appropriately, released her own nail polish collection and has plans to tackle bridal jewelry next.  Parisian days ❤️#tbt 📸by @jjayalvesA post shared by  SORAYA DE CARVALHO (@styleismything) on Apr 27, 2017 at 2:39am PDTBased in Nottingham, England, Soraya De Carvalho has quietly amassed 141k Instagram followers, including the likes of Law Roach, who styles Zendaya and Ariana Grande. On social media, Carvalho shares a mix of family shots and street style outfits, nailing the lighting in every photograph. While fashion appears to be Carvalho's calling, the blogger has also dived head-first into the world of hair extensions (no pun intended). She's the founder of Style Is My Thing Luxury Hair Extensions, which offers non-chemically treated hair sourced from Russia. If you're wondering what the extensions look like IRL, one only needs to scroll through this fashionista's Instagram feed. Sugar + Spice 🍦🍦🍦A post shared by  Vanessa Hong (@vanessahong) on Dec 19, 2018 at 1:57pm PSTBrooklyn-based blogger Vanessa Hong launched her blog The Haute Pursuit in 2010, and has managed to curate a style that's aspirational with a hint of attainability. "The blog was just an avenue for me to express myself through my clothing, my words..." she said in an interview to Hypebae. Outside of her blog, Hong has become a fixture at New York Fashion Week (her street style outfits are goldmine for photographers) and has modeled for brands like Calvin Klein and guest edited for Net-a-Porter. Fans seeking Hong's simple yet elevated style can shop her e-commerce site, THPSHOP, where she designs her own garments, accessories, and jewelry. In awe yet? I am.For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Pippa Middleton and her family spent their New Year's Eve in St. Barts, and while the festivities are over, she doesn't seem quite ready to leave yet. Yesterday, the socialite took a dip in the ocean while her husband James Matthews relaxed nearby. For the beach outing, Pippa wore a white swimsuit with black stitching from Biondi London and a pair of swimming goggles. The bikini was simple and study, flattering Pippa's athletic build. (She has shared in the past that she stays in shape by playing tennis, even while she was pregnant, and taking Pilates classes.)   It's not clear where son Arthur was at the time. The baby boy (born last October) did travel with his mom and dad to St. Barts; the two were spotted greeting David Matthews, Pippa's father in law, just last week. (The Matthews family owns the Eden Rock resort on St. Barts, and it's considered to be one of the region's most exclusive hotels, frequented by guests like Elton John, Brad Pitt and Leonardo DiCaprio.)Though Pippa's exact bikini is sold out, you can shop a similar one from the brand below, as well as other styles:While Pippa spent the holidays in the Caribbean, her sister Kate Middleton and husband Prince William celebrated with the Queen in Sandringham. They attended a church service on Christmas Day and the Duchess of Cambridge was even photographed hunting (only after Meghan Markle, an animal rights activist, had left) on Boxing Day and is said to be a "keen markswoman." Though the Middleton sisters spent their holidays apart, they'll have plenty to tell each other once they meet up in the new year.For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Meghan Markle loves Sarah Flint—it's been one of her favorite brands even before she was a royal. But ever since Meghan officially stepped into the royal spotlight wearing a pair of Sarah Flint flats (way back when at the Invictus Games in September 2017), royal fans and shoe-enthusiasts have taken a keen interest in the brand (like, 25,000-pairs waitlist for some shoes interest). And, in good news for those of us who have duchess-level taste but a more modest budget, the designer has taken steps this year to make her shoes a little more affordable. As Forbes reports, Flint changed her model to sell direct to consumer this year, which is in turn dropped the retail price, making clients happy, and probably giving the princess and mom-to-be even more of an reason to shop online while she's relaxing over the holidays.  Flint explained, "I wanted to offer women shoes that are luxurious and exquisitely crafted, but also functional." It's a perfect summary of why Markle might love the brand so much, since she loves her style but also needs to walk and move around at her various royal outings (most recently while also several months pregnant). The direct to consumer retail change means big things for Flint's brand: Flint says the move means her sales have grown by 250%, which is helping her market to more women. Now she can add little touches like arch support and a rubber foot pad that she couldn't before (perfect for the woman who has to navigate grass and stone, on the regular)."Returning customers acquired early this year have already shopped with us more than four times on average," said Flint. Markle has shopped with her much much more, of course, so that could be a subtle nod to Flint's most famous customer. Markle was spotted in Sarah Flint shoes since the very beginning, in her first public outing with Prince Harry ever and since then, she's broken out Sarah Flint sandals and pumps, including the very popular and ubiquitous tortoiseshell Jay pumps—a good staple that brings a little oomph to the princess's trademark fashion-forward style. Sarah Flint was on full display during Harry and Meghan's tour of Australia.For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She has a penchant for dainty pieces.As a fan of Meghan Markle, I take pride in knowing every little detail about the royal, from her due date to her taste in shoes. (These are the six brands she always wears, by the way.) There's plenty to learn about the Duchess from studying her style alone. She wears the pants, sometimes literally, in every situation she's in. She's a supporter of strong females (as evidenced by her relationship with Clare Waight Keller of Givenchy). She is bold, fierce, and an independent thinker. I know, the last bit was loaded. But, if you've tracked her fashion as long as I have, you know Meghan's personality, and thus style, is a openly more daring than the rest of the ladies in the royal family.As much as she experiments and pushes the limit on her wardrobe choices, however, Meghan's taste in jewelry is the opposite. It's simple and uncomplicated. She prefers delicate rings, necklaces, and earrings (with the exception of these ginormous ones she wore to Prince Charles' birthday party) for every day wear and even sports them at fancy galas or receptions. Her accessories never make a flashy statement, rather they just blend in nicely with her tailored dresses and trousers. Like her footwear, Meghan has a comfortable mix of jewelry brands, from the luxe to affordable. Here, we've uncovered five of her go-to labels for when she's, you know, not borrowing tiaras from the Queen's private collection.This minimalist jewelry brand was founded by Rony Vardi in 2004 and offers the daintiest finds you can imagine, from barely-there rings to the bracelets you never want to (and can't really) take off. The delicate nature of the accessories are a hit with the Duchess of Sussex, who has worn her thin gold band on a few trips from London to Scotland. The brand's simple and unassuming design goes well with more intricate pieces too, as Meghan likes to wear three or four rings on her hand at a time. If you're looking for a base piece to build your ring stack on, invest in the threadbare style. It's royal approved.Missoma interstellar ring, $59SHOP ITMissoma interstellar drop bracelet, $97SHOP ITMissoma gold molten ring, $77SHOP ITMissoma starlight bracelet, $97SHOP ITThis U.K.-based accessories label is the brain child of Marisa Hordern, who left the corporate world in 2007 to turn her passion for gemstones and hobby of jewelry-making into a thriving business. Most of her jewelry is made from gold vermeil (a sterling silver base is plated with a thick layer of real gold), which keeps prices at an affordable $50 to $200 range. Make no mistake though, the quality is still superb, which stars like Margot Robbie, Kaia Gerber, and Meghan Markle can likely attest to. The Duchess has worn quite a few Missoma pieces, from the bracelets to the rings, which she often layers up on. As the brand positions itself to make waves in the U.S. market, you'll want to buy a few pieces for yourself (and friends) before everything's sold out.The Duchess of Sussex has worn Adina Reyter over eight different times, proving this jewelry brand is one of her go-tos. Meghan first debuted a pair of small earrings from the brand in March 2018 when she attended a service for Commonwealth Day. Over time, the royal acquired more pieces, including the teardrop necklace (in the photo above). Thanks to the Meghan Effect, fans have been flocking to the Adina Reyter's website and Instagram, eager to purchase the next Markle gem. "My goal has always been to build a brand with accessible, fine jewelry that can be worn and enjoyed every day. The Duchess is our ideal woman to showcase this approach," said designer Adina Reyter via email. For special occasions that require more regal jewelry, Meghan turns to Birks. (The Canadian label was founded in 1979 and produces high-end pieces that can cost thousands.) For high-profile events like Meghan's engagement photo call in 2017 and the Queen's Christmas lunch, Meghan wore Birks earrings. For her and Prince Harry's royal tour of Ireland in 2018, the Duchess wore a pair of stunning yellow drop earrings from Birks at a reception. She later followed up with a pair of diamond studs while visiting the Nelson Mandela Centenary Exhibition. In total, Meghan's worn almost 16 different pieces from Birks, marking the label as a solid favorite. "The exposure is a textbook example of what organic PR should be: a consumer who fell in love with the brand becomes the best-known person on the planet," said Eva Hartling, Birks’ chief marketing officer and vice president to Maclean’s. Meghan's support for ethnical clothing labels naturally extends to her jewelry collection. She's been spotted wearing Pippa Small, an accessory label with an emphasis on ethical jewelry and charity work, on a number of occasions, but most recently at The 2018 Fashion Awards where Meghan presented Clare Waight Keller of Givenchy an award. While making a speech on stage about Keller, the Duchess wore Pippa Small earrings and an arm full of bangles made by artisans of the Turquoise Mountain Foundation in Afghanistan. Meghan's making sure the world has its eyes on a brand that's trying to make a difference.  For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			We almost didn't recognize them. Life can be glamorous for princesses and queens, that part is certain. They arrive to galas in regal tiaras or attend charity events in floor-sweeping designer dresses. It may seem like the ladies are always dressed to royal perfection, but sometimes even they need a fashion break from their Manolo Blahniks and Alexander McQueen coat dresses. When royals such as Kate Middleton or Meghan Markle want something casual, they simply turn to black skinny jeans or Nike sneakers. Others, like the late Princess Diana, favored orange biker shorts. Though royals are not often photographed in their laidback looks, when they are, we do the most glorious of double takes (like the time the Duchess of Sussex wore sneakers!). Curious to see which royal lady has dressed down on more than one occasion? Read ahead. For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here).Princess Diana couldn't have predicted biker shorts would become a trend in 2018 when she was photographed in this neon orange pair in 1995. The late princess paired hers with a Virgin Atlantic sweatshirt, long socks, and chunky sneakers for a "I just left my Zumba class" outfit. Unlike Meghan Markle or Kate Middleton, who we likely won't ever see in biker shorts, Princess Di rocked hers without a care in the world. For a visit to the The Wimbledon Junior Tennis Initiative at Bond Primary School, the Duchess of Cambridge dressed down but still looked put together for the event. She wore a PlayBrave's Clarice track jacket, Monreal London track pants, and a pair of Nike Vapormax sneakers.  The Duchess of Sussex's version of dressing down consisted of a billowy Reformation striped dress and lace-up brown sandals from Sarah Flint. This summertime ensemble was one of the more comfortable pregnancy looks Meghan packed for her 16-day royal tour back in October 2018. Princess Beatrice blended right in with all the mall shoppers back in 2010. The then 22-year-old royal wore a graphic top with baggy blue jeans and a pair of beat up green Converse sneakers. If we didn't know better, we'd mistake her for one of our friends who loved to frequent Journeys.For a walk through the Abel Tasman National Park in New Zealand, Meghan wore a Seasalt Cornwall jacket and her vegan Stella McCartney x Adidas sneakers. Though we would have opted for black leggings, Meghan, being a duchess, chose Outland Denim jeans as a comfier alternative to a skirt or dress. Princess Maria-Olympia of Greece, who is 22 years old, is one of the few royals who can wear whatever she likes. For a trip to New York City in 2016, the princess explored the big apple in a black T-shirt, denim shorts, and gray booties. This is one of the most laidback outfits we've seen on a royal to date!Before Kate became the Duchess of Cambridge, she was just another student waiting to graduate from the University of St. Andrews in Scotland. Taken in 2005, this photo showed Kate in a tiny white cami and low-rise blue jeans with that classic early 2000s wide belt as an accessory. Though the Duchess of Cambridge would never be caught in such a look now, we fully appreciate this good throwback outfit. While walking around Portofino, Italy in 2013, Princess Charlene of Monaco swapped her fancy ballgowns for a plain, body-hugging knit dress and silver sandals. This vacation look was effortless to wear and an easy outfit everyone should pack into their travel carry ons. The first time we saw Meghan in sneakers was during the Invictus Games on the royal tour. She wore a pair from Veja, a French brand focused on fair trade and sustainability. Prince Harry matched his wife in an equally casual Invictus jacket and denim look, though he wore a pair of Adidas sneakers.Queen Rania of Jordan went incognito at LAX with an all-black outfit in 2017. This was one of the rare instances where we saw the royal not dressed to impress in public. Though, this outfit was still slightly more dressy compared to my usual sweatpants and leather jacket airport look.For a casual day at the beach, Meghan slipped into a striped maxi dress by Martin Grant and a pair of Castañer espadrilles, which she took off once her feet hit the sand. This was the royal-approved outfit to our bikini and denim shorts. For a visit to Luanda, Angola in 1997, Princess Diana stayed comfortable in the heat with a denim sleeveless top and olive-colored capris. She wore a pair of woven espadrille flats. The royal was ahead of her time, even in such a casual look, as her entire outfit is something we'd gladly still wear today. Like her sister Princess Beatrice, Princess Eugenie's casual footwear of choice is a pair of Converse. In 2009, she wore them with black tights, a belted dress, and a cardigan on her first day at Newcastle University. Did she master a laidback yet comfy college outfit? I vote yes.  Crown princess Mette-Marit of Norway participated in a waste clean up in 2016 and looked almost unrecognizable in a gray hoodie, top, jeans, and brown boots (with a neon yellow sanitation vest). For reference, this is what the princess looks like when she's in a royal tiara, gown...the whole nine yards. I know. In 2011, Kate and Prince Williams, newly married, embarked on their first royal tour together in Canada.  The two donned matching red hoodies after being made honorary members of the Canadian Rangers. Both Kate and William more closely resembled college students on summer break in these looks than the stately royals they are now. In 2010, Queen Letizia flew under the radar while Christmas shopping in Madrid, Spain. The royal blended in with shoppers by wearing sunglasses, a puffer coat, jeans, and buckled booties. Though I'm sure she was trailed by security detail, the royal looked like any other person you'd pass on the street. An iconic look if there ever was one: Diana looked casual and straight out of a magazine in this jeans and oversized blazer look.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Meghan Markle, former actress, current princess, future mom-to-be, made this the year she turned into a true fashion icon. We followed her every sartorial move and speculated what it might mean. Was she influencing Kate? Was she breaking royal protocol? Where'd she get that cute necklace she wore at Christmas service? Now, thanks to the Daily Mail, we now know exactly how much Meghan's accessories cost this year, and it's a pretty penny: nearly £40,000, which translates to over $50,000 here in the United States. No word yet on how much her clothing costs, but since the royal family clothing budget is up a whopping $2 million since Prince Harry and Meghan got engaged, the answer is probably A LOT. The single most expensive item in Meghan's handbag closet? The Fendi bag she carried during her Ireland visit in July to meet with Ireland's president Michael Higgins and his wife Sabina Coyne. The Peekaboo Essentials bag actually has a surprise beige lining and features a single strap for a briefcase, but make it fashion feel. The bag costs £3,850, a.k.a $5,400 if you want to buy it now. Here's Meghan showing it off in a gray suitdress that is, in my opinion, the ideal professional business meeting outfit. The least expensive item? The J.Crew Fan Rattan Clutch for only £70 (about $90), which unfortunately is sold out—I'm not surprised, honestly. While I hit refresh over and over in the hopes that it might go back in stock, Shopbop has something similarly cute. Meghan carried the clutch in July to the Sentebale ISPS Handa Polo Cup at the Royal County of Berkshire Polo Club, which Harry played in. Meghan accessorized in matching beige shoes and a casual, belted, navy dress. Do you have a favorite bag that Meghan carried this year? Even better, have you bought one of your own?For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Priyanka Chopra and Nick Jonas married earlier this month in a lavish weekend-long ceremony. The bride famously wore a beautiful Ralph Lauren wedding dress with a 75-foot-long wedding veil in addition to her many traditional Indian garments like the sari and lehenga. If it seemed like her wedding receptions, and outfits, were never ending, that part is true. After her wedding weekend, she held parties in New Delhi and Mumbai to keep the festivities going. Just when you thought the couple was done celebrating this month, however, it's rumored that the duo will host one more reception in Los Angeles for their Hollywood friends. (Reportedly, Meghan Markle was invited to this January reception.) While we hold our breath for that one, check out every wedding outfit Priyanka's worn so far. They were unforgettable. For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here). Priyanka Chopra kicked off her wedding festivities with a bridal shower at Tiffany's Blue Box Cafe in New York City. She wore a strapless ivory feathered dress from Marchesa. The star later spoke out about her decision to wear the brand (designer Georgina Chapman was married to Harvey Weinstein), telling WWD, "Georgina's a friend of mine, and she has been. And it's not her fault. And I don't think it's right to take it out on a self-made woman what somebody in her life did. That's the wrong attitude." One of the most special things that our relationship has given us is a merging of families who love and respect each other's faiths and cultures. And so planning our wedding with an amalgamation of both was so so amazing. An important part of the pre wedding rituals for the girl in an Indian wedding is the Mehendi. Once again we made it our own and it was an afternoon that kicked off the celebrations in the way we both dreamed. @nickjonasA post shared by  Priyanka Chopra Jonas (@priyankachopra) on Dec 1, 2018 at 7:31am PSTFor Priyanka and Nick's pre-wedding ritual, known as Mehendi (a ceremony that decorates the bride's hands and feet with henna), the bride wore a colorful, folksy ensemble with heirloom jewelry by Abu Jani Sandeep Khosla.  And forever starts now... ❤️ @nickjonasA post shared by  Priyanka Chopra Jonas (@priyankachopra) on Dec 4, 2018 at 4:36am PSTFor the Western part of their weekend-long wedding, Priyanka wore a custom Ralph Lauren wedding dress and bridal veil, which was 75 feet long. Nick also wore custom Ralph Lauren. Her dress had 135 satin-covered buttons and was embroidered with mother of peal paillettes and Swarovski crystals. In addition, she had a piece of her mother-in-law’s lace wedding dress sewn into her own wedding gown. Meanwhile, Nick had the Urdu words "My Jaan," which translates to "My Life," embroidered on the inside lapel of his tuxedo. And forever starts now... ❤️ @nickjonasA post shared by  Priyanka Chopra Jonas (@priyankachopra) on Dec 4, 2018 at 4:35am PSTFor their Hindu ceremony, Priyanka changed into a vibrant red lehenga by Indian fashion designer Sabyasachi Mukherjee. It took 3,720 hours to create this particular look. She was adorned with jewelry, from an array of bracelets to a nose ring from the likes of Chopard.  @priyankachopra x custom @dior #styledbymimicuttrellA post shared by  Mimi Cuttrell (@mimi) on Dec 25, 2018 at 7:00pm PSTAfter the Hindu ceremony, Priyanka changed into this custom red Dior gown. The bespoke piece had a fitted bodice and a fluffy tulle skirt. The bride wore a Chopard diamond choker, earrings, and a large tear-drop diamond maang tikka and choora.  It all began as a fierce song & dance competition between the families but ended, as always, as a huge celebration of love.  Nick and I were looking forward to the Sangeet (musical evening), another pre wedding ritual.. and to see what each side had put together. And what a performance it was. Each family telling our stories through song and dance, filled with lots of laughter and love. We were both filled with gratitude for the effort, the love and the laughter and will carry the memories of this special evening for the rest of our lives. It is an amazing start to a lifetime of togetherness for our families and friends...#grateful @nickjonas 📹/📷: @calebjordanlee @josevilla @josephradhikA post shared by  Priyanka Chopra Jonas (@priyankachopra) on Dec 2, 2018 at 4:57am PSTFor the Sangeet portion of their wedding weekend, Priyanka wore an extravagant gold and silver sari with hand-embroidered sequins. Nick wore a midnight blue sherwani with silk thread detailing. Both their looks were custom made by Abu Jani Sandeep Khosla. After their wedding, the couple departed Jodhpur and Priyanka was snapped in this stunning green sari look. She wore chooda bangles, which is tradition for a newly-wed Hindu woman to wear for several weeks after her wedding ceremony. For a reception in New Delhi, Priyanka wore a heavily beaded ensemble while posing with Nick. She wore a Falguni Shane Peacock lehenga and was draped with a dupatta shawl. Nick, meanwhile, wore a navy tux.  Having our family and friends share our special day with us meant so much…the smiles, the words, the love and the hugs – all so thoughtful. Pro tip: If you’re planning your big day, head over to the wedding registry guide I created on @amazon. Trust me, it has all my favorite gift ideas in one place and was so much fun to build! #AllOnAmazon #Ad #AmazonWeddingRegistry @amazonhomeA post shared by  Priyanka Chopra Jonas (@priyankachopra) on Dec 18, 2018 at 5:43am PSTIn a throwback wedding photo, Priyanka is spotted in a pink off-the-shoulder gown. She wrote on Instagram, "Having our family and friends share our special day with us meant so much…the smiles, the words, the love and the hugs – all so thoughtful..."The couple hosted a two-day reception in Mumbai where Priyanka looked stunning in a royal blue corset Benarasi gown, created by designer Sabyasachi Mukherjee. The dress featured gold zari embroidery with embellishments, and Priyanka accessorized with Victorian jewels by Sabyasachi Jewelry.  Priyanka's second ensemble was created by the fashion house Abu Jani Sandeep Khosla. Her top featured small sequin flowers and crystals, while her skirt was carefully crafted with tiny organza and chiffon flowers, crystals, and bugle beads as accents. She finished off the look with an embroidered stole. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Meghan Markle along with Prince Harry, Kate Middleton, and Prince William (that's the Fab Four to you) attended Christmas services at the Sandringham estate. Dressed in head-to-toe navy, which we now know was almost entirely designed by Victoria Beckham, Meghan was both fashion-forward and also effortlessly demure. The delicate jewelry that accompanied look was similarly subtle and simple, a style that the duchess and mom-to-be is a huge fan of in general. First ID'ed in Us Weekly, now we know exactly what brand they are, and how much it'll set you back to get them. First, the dainty gold necklace: it's actually got turquoise stones in it, which is a surprising but lovely contrast with the navy. By Jennifer Meyer, the "Mini Bezel Dangle Necklace" is 18 karat gold. The earrings are by Anita Ko, and even though they're small, they pack quite a punch. The blingy hoops are .17 carats total, and come in white, yellow, rose, and black gold. It's a little hard to tell, but it appears Meghan opted for yellow gold to complement her necklace. Meghan tends to favor delicate jewels like these—you'll rarely see the duchess in something bold or chunky—and typically reaches for the same beloved brands, including Catbird and Missoma. We love that, even in the most conservative of venues, she's always letting her unique sartorial spirit shine.  In case you're wondering, the Victoria Beckham dress is $1,690 (sold out), the coat is $3,085 (not sold out!), the boots are $1,715 (almost sold out), and the top-handle bag is $2,125, for a grand total of more than $8,500. And that's not even including the $435 Awon Golding feather fascinator! Thank goodness for Prince Charles' clothing allowance. For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Two words: disco vibes. Kate Middleton has been on the media's radar ever since she started dating Prince William, but her wardrobe back then? Not as much. The "Kate Effect" didn't exist until after she and Prince William announced their engagement in 2011 (that now-iconic blue dress sold out in minutes) and, up until then, Kate dressed however she pleased. That included a closet full of denim mini skirts, sleeveless dresses, and low-rise jeans...blame the early 2000s. As Kate transitioned from her university days to the work force and, eventually, to her role as the Duchess of Cambridge, her style inevitably evolved, too. Most notably, her outfits became more modest (think: long sleeves and dresses that hit at the knee) and refined, with the addition of skirt suits, sleek heels, and designer pieces from the likes of Alexander McQueen. We know Kate's a total force in fashion now, but here are all the great #throwback looks you might have forgotten about. In one of their last public appearances together before the big wedding, Prince William and Kate walked around an athletic track during a visit to Witton Country Park in Darwen, England. The soon-to-be Duchess of Cambridge wore a suit set and metallic pumps. Skirt suits are now one of her go-to looks for public engagements. For a visit to Northern Ireland, Kate wore a classic double-breasted trench coat from Burberry. When buttoned up, it doubled as a dress thanks to the playful ruffle hemline. She paired it with black tights and black pumps. It's a look Kate would likely still wear today. Prince William and Kate visited their alma mater, the University of St. Andrews, as part of it's 600th anniversary celebration. Kate chose a red Luisa Spagnoli dress and jacket with a peter pan collar. Her black boots were from Aquatalia Rhumba. This outfit evokes similar style vibes to Kate's current wardrobe, which consists of enough jackets and skirts to fill Buckingham Palace. For the couple's engagement announcement, Kate wore a now-famous blue silk jersey dress from Issa while Prince William went with a full suit. The dress's hue reflected the blue in her sapphire ring—one that Wills gave his girlfriend of eight years while on vacation in Kenya. A month before their own engagement announcement, Prince William and Kate attended the wedding of Harry Meade & Rosie Bradford. Kate chose a cobalt blue dress and a black blazer for the occasion. Blue seems to be one of her go-to colors, and it looks great on her.  For the Chakravarty Cup polo match, Kate dressed down in a sleeveless seafoam green dress and black wedges. She carried a beige sweater (in case of a chill, naturally) and casual brown tote, which she has since traded in for dainty clutches from the likes of Jimmy Choo and L.K. Bennett. Kate's always been a fan of wearing coats to weddings or special events. She wore a blue pattered coat over a silky slip dress for the wedding of Nicholas van Cutsem and Alice Hadden-Paton at The Guards Chapel in London in 2009. Kate definitely doesn't take her style too seriously. The future duchess threw a Day-Glo Midnight Roller Disco party for a friend and went all out with her ensemble. The sequin green top, yellow shorts, and pink socks were such a funky combination—it's definitely one of our favorite throwback Kate style moments.Like everyone else, at one point in her life, Kate owned a denim mini skirt. Here, she is pictured wearing it with tights, brown boots, and a belted jacket while shoe shopping in London. This look, it goes without saying, has definitely been retired from her wardrobe post-royalty.  The Middleton sisters enjoyed a night out on the town, visiting a cocktail bar and Mahiki Club. For the outing, Kate dressed up in a silky floral printed dress. Though the Duchess of Cambridge has since stopped her clubbing days, we wonder...what ever happened to this dress?Kate still had five years to go before she officially became a royal, but this outfit showed off the future duchess's taste for elevated outerwear. She even donned a hat for the the Sovereign's Parade, which, as you know, is an important accessory for royals.We hardly see Kate in halter neck style dresses anymore, like the one she wore, here, to The Rundle Cup Day at Tidworth Polo Club. And are those...tiny sunglasses she's wearing?Kate wore a red polka dot wrap dress while watching Prince William compete in the Chakravarty Cup charity polo match at Ham Polo Club in England. She paired the deep-V dress with red wedges (a shoe she still keeps in rotation). Presently, her polka dot dresses, however, are a little more modest.Kate layered a button-down shirt with a blue sweater and wore a pair of rugged brown boots while attending the Festival of British Eventing at Gatcombe Park in Stroud, England. Instead of the precious Crown Jewels she wears now, Kate wore a simple pair of earrings and a blue heart-shaped necklace.  Prior to Kate's graduation ceremony from the University of St. Andrews, the then-23-year-old was spotted in a white lace tank top with low-rise jeans and a thick black belt. The casual ensemble is one we'd never see the Duchess of Cambridge wear today—she's traded in low risers for skinny jeans in either dark blue or black washes.  •••For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Just in case you didn't cross everything off your wish list.If you're still looking for a New Year's Eve outfit or checking one more item off your wish list, Nordstrom sensed it. The giant retailer just launched its half-yearly sale—products are up to 50 percent off and will stay marked down until January 2, giving you plenty of time to snag one more sweater or skincare set before the new year. Before browsing through 200+ shopping pages on Nordstrom's site, check out the 50 items we've selected—the best of the best. (I have my eyes on a swimsuit, which will come in handy for my 2019 beach vacation.)		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I should visit her attic more often.In our biweekly series, editors share "the item they wear to death," whether it be a basic white tee or a super-trendy jumpsuit. Prepare yourself (and your credit card) for some guilt-free shopping.I take after my (very) tall father. I’m 5'9", while my mother doesn’t hit 5'2". So a few years ago, when my mom was cleaning out the attic of my childhood home, I naturally turned down the offer to take home her forgotten wardrobe from the '80s and '90s. She was, and remains, a total babe with great taste, but I was positive I wouldn’t fit into any of her old duds. To humor her though, I agreed to hold an impromptu fashion show—Sex and the City style—and try on her old clothes. I discovered something: She had been holding out on me! From the boxes tumbled out plaid skirts (that would feel right at home on the Ralph Lauren runway), buttery leather belts, and wool capes that miraculously fit my 5'9 frame perfectly. Then, from this pile, I spotted the holy grail of hand-me-downs: a fit-and-flare black dress with bright red florals. It would, against all odds, become my go-to outfit. This vintage '90s dress is a miracle in more ways than one. I have a decent rack and hips much wider than my waist, which makes it tough to find formfitting dresses and tops that don’t pull or tug in all the wrong places. (Button-down shirts? A no for me.) But this piece fit differently from shoulder to hem. The cap sleeves hit my arms at the perfect angle while the v-neck shows off my collar bones nicely and displays just enough cleavage for a date, but also goes unnoticed at the office. It seemed somehow sewn to my exact measurements—I didn't have to resign to an unforgiving fit at the chest or a slouchy waist as I normally do. Plus, the flared skirt offers plenty of room to hide a third-trimester food baby. I’ve dubbed this dress my "ghost outfit." If I were to die and haunt my friends, this is the piece my soul would wear. In less morbid terms, this item goes everywhere with me: to work dinners, on vacation (it’s traveled to three continents), nights out. I style the frock with a leather jacket and tough sandals in the warmer months. When it's brisk out, I layer it with tights and a pair of boots. Seasonless.Although you can't get yourself the exact piece (my mother bought it at The Limited back in the early '90s), floral dresses have never completely disappeared from the racks. This Nordstrom version is quite similar. As for me, I plan to drop by my mom's attic again soon and see what else I can scour.For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			On December 25, you can expect the Queen and the rest of her royal family to make an appearance at St. Mary Magdalene Church for an 11 a.m. service. Kate Middleton has been attending the service since 2011, having only missed two since she officially became The Duchess of Cambridge. This year she wore a merry red coat and as usual, her outerwear choice was impeccable and gave off festive vibes, but unlike in previous years, she went for head-to-toe coordination with her gorgeous, bold look.  Check out her outfit from today and then see what she wore in previous years on Christmas day.The Duchess of Cambridge wore a festive red coat with complementary accessories: Her hat, gloves, bag, and shoes were all a berry red, matching the collar and button details on her coat. Another new detail? It looks like she and her sister-in-law Meghan Markle coordinated this year, each choosing bold monochromatic hues for Christmas Day service.Kate wore a plaid coat by Miu Miu with all the colors of Christmas and black heels. She ditched the traditional fascinator for a furry black hat. This was also the year she and William were joined by Prince Harry and his (then) fiancée Meghan Markle. This was the first time Princess Charlotte and Prince George joined their mom and dad in public at a Christmas church service. The Duchess of Cambridge wore a maroon-colored coat by Hobbs along with a matching colored furry scarf. Princess C even matched her mom with a similar pair of colored tights. William shielded the duo with an umbrella from the rain as they attended a service. Kate channeled the festive vibes in a forest-green coat by Sportsmax and a Lock & Co fascinator. She accessorized with diamond drop earrings from Kiki McDonough and a brooch featuring acorns and oak leaves, elements of the Middleton family coat of arms. Her black boots were by Aquatalia.The Duchess of Cambridge had given birth to Prince George in April 2013, but did not bring the little one to the church service. The new mom glowed in a green and blue plaid coat from Alexander McQueen and wore a matching green beret by Gina Foster.  For her first Christmas day church service as an official royal (Kate and William married on April 29, 2011), the Duchess of Cambridge chose a plum-colored ensemble. She wore a bespoke coat with an elegant funnel neck and princess seaming. Her hat was by Jane Corbett while her black pumps were from Mascaró. She wore a pair of Kiki McDonough earrings.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			For the royals' annual Christmas Day tradition, the whole group gathered for a service at St. Mary Magdalene Church in Sandringham, Norfolk. Though Meghan Markle was at the service last year, this year things are a little a lot different. First, she's now officially a member of the royal family. Second, the Duchess of Sussex is pregnant with her first child, quite a difference from only a year ago.Today, Meghan arrived with Prince Harry by her side, dressed up in a navy coat with bright gold buttons, and a v-neck navy maternity dress underneath. Her navy fascinator was simple, with two feathers on the side, but the standout moment was the incredible boots she chose to accessorize the look. Meghan wore beige suede boots last year, but these look to be leather, pointed, and taller—a sexy and stylish note, and the perfect fashion-forward grace note for an otherwise buttoned-up look. The prince wore a navy jacket and pants, with blue shirt and tie (perhaps deliberately coordinating with his wife?). This outfit was strikingly different from Kate Middleton's who wore head-to-toe red. The Duchess of Cambridge's Christmas Day outfit was as festive as the one she wore in 2017. Last year, Kate surprised fans in a gorgeous red and green plaid coat with gold buttons and a furry black hat. This year it seemed she was feeling more monochromatic. This year, Meghan and Harry are spending Christmas with Kate, William, and the Queen at Norfolk in Sandringham. Despite rumors of tension and disagreements between the royal pairs, everyone looked cheerful on Christmas Day. Kate and Meghan were even seen next to each other, chatting cheerfully as they walked.Meghan's Christmas outfit from last year: Meghan's Christmas outfit from this year:For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter. SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's great and all, but you've already seen it a thousand times.Fashion movies often combine the best things in life: drama, romance, and beautiful clothes. It's why we love, and fear, the great Miranda Priestly (the cinematic embodiment of Vogue editor in chief Anna Wintour) or why we bought our first pair of Manolo Blahniks—thanks Carrie Bradshaw. These films often feature witty albeit occasionally corny dialogue and strong female characters. While The Devil Wears Prada and Clueless will always be classics (NEED Cher's closet), there are so many equally enjoyable fashion films and documentaries out there. Need inspiration before you shop spring trends or head to an important event? Cozy up on your couch with your SO or pet, and cue up one of these alternative titles ASAP.Ariana Grande's Thank U, Next music video recently paid homage to this film, and in case you've forgotten how sweet it is, it's time for a rewatch. The plot: A young girl named Jenna Rink longs to escape junior high for adulthood, and on her 13th birthday, she gets that wish, waking up just five days shy of her 30th birthday (adult Jenna's played by Jennifer Garner) to discover that she's now a big time magazine editor—with closet filled with all the early aughts trends—and dating a dreamy athlete. Life seems peachy, but then comes the twists and turns. The movie touches on childhood wonder, nostalgia, and self-empowerment with plenty of laughs in between. My favorite line? You can be the pot and kettle all by yourself from now on, biatch. Instead of pressing play on Breakfast at Tiffany's again, dive into this other Audrey Hepburn classic. While on assignment, fashion photographer Dick Avery (Fred Astaire) meets Jo Stockton (Hepburn), a shy bookstore employee whom he takes a photo of by accident. Avery thinks she could become a model; the two travel to France and romance ensues, but it won't be long before they encounter obstacles. Get ready for some fashun in the city of love. This movie is best paired with macarons and coffee.  Watch this if you want a heist movie that's also feel-good and all-female cast. (Rihanna! Sandra Bullock! Awkwafina!). Debbie Ocean (played by Bullock) recruits a team of experts to steal a $150 million Cartier diamond necklace during one of the biggest fashion spectacles of the year: The Met Gala. Can they pull it off? If you've seen the other films in the franchise, that question is easily answered. Gorgeous gowns, sparkly jewels, and beautiful people are not in short supply.By now, you've probably seen Sex and the City (the TV show) at least a handful of times thanks to the reruns on E! All I have to say is: Thank you Patricia Field, thank you. The legendary costume designer responsible for Carrie, Miranda, Samantha, and Charlotte's looks on the television series returned to outfit the ladies once more for the 2008 film. From the wedding dress photo shoot to the final scene when Carrie returns to the closet of every woman's dream to collect her blue Manolo Blahniks, there's more than enough glamorous fashion moments to enjoy in between the tears and laughter. The clothes in CRA aren't just fancy, they're outright opulent. The film's costume designer, Mary Vogt, worked with director Jon M. Chu to create some unforgettable looks, from Araminta's wedding gown (which was really a bodysuit with a skirt attachment) to Rachel's Cinderella moment in the pastel blue Marchesa. Featured designers include global brands like Ralph Lauren and Dior, as well as local Asian designers like Carven Ong; accessories came from jewelry houses including Bulgari and Chopard, who brought their own security teams to set. The movie was history making—and not just for the costumes: It is the first to feature an all-Asian cast since the 1993 film The Joy Luck Club. From the title alone, you know this film is going to feature high amounts of fashion. This 2009 film, based off a book by Sophie Kinsella, is about journalist Rebecca Bloomwood (played by Isla Fisher), who's so addicted to shopping that she ends up drowning in debt. While trying to get her foot in the door at fashion magazines, Rebecca accepts a job at a financial publication as its advice columnist, and her writing turns into an instant hit. Meanwhile, Rebecca still has a mountain of bills to pay off—how will she do it? Confession: I have seen this movie at least twenty times—no exaggeration. Even though the romantic comedy isn't fashion-centric, but rather about the relationship between Andie Anderson (Kate Hudson) and Ben Berry (Matthew McConaughey), there are still plenty of memorable style moments in the film. When Andie steps out in that backless yellow silk gown for the diamond event with Ben...iconic. In an alternate universe, I like to think Andie Anderson and Andy Sachs (from The Devil Wears Prada) would have been kickass journalists/coworkers/BFFs. This biographical drama focuses on the early life of French designer Coco Chanel, from her relationship with English businessman Arthur Capel to how she first launched her career as an exquisite hat maker. The designer reportedly closely guarded her private life from the press, and this movie attempts to reveal parts that not many know. Coco Before Chanel was nominated for four BAFTA Awards and the Academy Award for Best Costume Design, so you know the fashion here will take your breath away.When you want to take a break from rom-coms, transport yourself into the atelier of Dior with the documentary Dior and I, which takes viewers behind-the-scenes to reveal what goes on inside the acclaimed fashion house. You get to see Raf Simons’ first haute couture collection as the house's (then) artistic director, in addition to all the hardworking seamstresses and collaborators you don't hear enough about. Consider this documentary a mini history lesson.Eco-conscious viewers interested in exploring fashion through the lens of sustainability will appreciate The True Cost. The documentary explores topics like who really makes our clothes and what environmental price is paid for that garment to end up in our closets. There are interviews featuring designer Stella McCartney, Italian film producer Livia Firth, and Indian activist Vandana Shiva. The movie might make you feel uncomfortable—even guilty—about shopping...and that's a good thing.    For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter. SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			In 2013, Gucci founded CHIME FOR CHANGE, a global campaign fighting for gender equality. Since then, the campaign has encouraged participation and conversation around the cause with several initiatives, including a bi-annual report with Irregular Labs that surveys Generation Z about their feelings on topics surrounding gender.In the latest report, which focuses on the theme of fluidity, Irregular Labs dives into topics ranging from the definitions of "male" and "female" and the fluidity of feminism to the importance of genderless beauty and female representations in pop culture.  In addition to hard data, there are opinion pieces, videos, and interviews by Gen Z, which add context and color to the information presented. Among the findings of the report were: 82% of Gen Zs strongly agree that if an organization is dedicated to fighting for the rights of girls and women, it has a responsibility to also support other genders and marginalized groups; 53% of Gen Zs believe that being female and being feminine are different things; and 71% of Gen Zs who identify as female feel pressure to present themselves as "feminine.""While only two thirds of Gen Z identify as 'exclusively heterosexual,' it’s no surprise that the global rollback of LGBTQIA+ rights across the world, especially in the past year, is one of the most prevalent issues to them," Gender Section Editor Tori West writes in the editor's letter. "One that they are refusing to stay silent about, calling for more authenticity and demanding more queer representation in every realm from politics to fashion.""In 2019, for Gen Zs, it’s time for even more positive outcomes; for more queer rights across the globe, for more non-binary and trans representation, for clothing that allows everyone to express themselves freely," West continues. "They want representatives in power who share their experiences first-hand, making decisions that both empower and protect them."Read the full report at irregularlabs.com/gender.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			We found the one, I mean, 15 options.Because it's only fitting to strut into 2019 wearing a fresh party look (out with the old, in with the new), shop our picks for the slinkiest, shiniest, and most velvety dresses that'll help you ring in the new year without the New Year's Eve blues. Most of these dresses can be re-worn to weddings, birthdays, and dinner dates with your S.O., meaning 2019 is looking to be a wallet-friendly year. & Other Stories satin midi dress, $149SHOP ITYour go-to wrap dress now comes in metallic (thank god) to help you ring in the new year—comfortably. This dress features long balloon sleeves and a  v-cut neckline to show off a delicate necklace or pair of statement earrings. Wear it with heels for GNO or with ankle boots to your S.O.'s family party. Ganni sequined crepe midi dress, $620SHOP IT This Ganni dress strikes the perfect balance between sophistication and fun, because really, what's a NYE party without sequins? Pair with strappy sandals or knee-high boots and your party outfit will be a solid A+. Nanushka lavender satin dress, $500SHOP ITFor us, this is the dress to end 2018 in. It's not your typical flashy, sparkly sequin dress, but it's just as powerful thanks it's short length and surprising color (you'll instantly stand out in this fresh lilac hue). Accessorize with a gold necklace or silver earrings—you name it. Cult Gaia asymmetric silk dress, $850SHOP ITThis dress will transport you back to the Gatsby era. It's silky and sexy with a tassel detail that will swing as you make your way across the dance floor. Style it with a faux fur coat and a kitten heel to make your grand entrance at that exclusive party.Staud vertigo cotton mini dress, $195SHOP ITThe guys can wear their boring ol' black-and-white tuxes. You have this baby. Staud's two-toned mini dress has a body-hugging design and a sweet bow that gives it a feminine vibe. Style with a pair of black mule heels and add another complementary bow to your hair (à la Kate Middleton) because why not. Ba&sh maxi dress, $695SHOP ITEnding 2018 somewhere warm this year? (Lucky you.) This Ba&sh dress masters effortless beach style mixed with a little city sparkle. Note the smocked back waistband for comfort and the long front slit to show off your shoes (or lack thereof on the sandy beach). This dress will pair perfectly with your glowing tan.  Cinq a Sept cowl neck mini dress, $425SHOP ITApologies to the LBD, but you've been replaced. Ring in 2019 with the LVD (little velvet dress). Yes, we just made that up. This '90s silhouette is the perfect dress for the single ladies who just want to have fun. Throw on a red heel and add some sparkle with a glittery clutch. You're now ready to hit the town. Saloni tiger print silk dress, $650SHOP ITMeOW. This tiger-striped dress is for the fiercest fashion girl in the room. Animal print was everywhere this season, so it's only appropriate to the end the year in this feisty slip dress. Turn it up with large hoop earrings like these or tone it down with dainty studs.Meshki feather mini dress, $92SHOP ITSwearing off sequins and sparkles this year because everyone wears that? Same. Go with this feathered LBD that'll show off your décolletage and legs. The fun and flirty design will look fantastic with a pair of pastel-colored heels. Retrofete sequin dress, $615SHOP ITThis dress checks off all your NYE outfit requirements. Sparkles? Check. Waist-defining? Check. A mini length? Check. It's literally setting you up for success in the new year by helping you feel fabulous. Wear with a pair of black thigh-high boots. Twenty-nineteen never saw you coming.Markarian striped velvet dress, $930SHOP ITA splurge? Yes. Worth it? Absolutely. We judge a dress's investment-ability based on how many times we can rewear it and this one works for every occasion, from NYE to your BFF's birthday party. Spend the money now on this mini dress and never worry about what to wear again.Olivia Von Halle slip dress, $375SHOP ITSpice up a sexy slip dress like this by adding a mesh top underneath. The double layer provides that fashion-girl touch to an otherwise simple look. If you rather wear the dress as-is, use it as a base to show off your extravagant jewelry. We're thinking this BaubleBar necklace should suffice. Zara sequined blazer, $119SHOP ITYou don't need a disco ball, you're it in this shiny blazer dress. As soon as you take off your coat, all eyes will be on you and that's not a bad thing because now's the time to show off your dance moves. Style with black or shiny tights and ankle boots. This is the ultimate New Year's Eve look.  Caroline Constas slip dress, $695 SHOP ITThis velvet dress is ideal if you're celebrating NYE with your family and want something stylish...but also something grandma would approve of. The golden hue and floral print are festive and the asymmetrical hemline is living-room-dance-party-worthy. Repurpose for winter weddings, getting the most bang for your buck.Attico draped crushed-velvet dress, $849SHOP IT Inspired by vintage styles from the '40s, this Attico dress is the definition of a wow party look. Between the bright fuchsia hue and the velvety texture, you'd find all of us hard pressed to, at least, not try it on. If you're looking to stand out, scoop up this dress. Wear with sparkly heels. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			A last-minute treat for yourself. Your holiday shopping for friends and family is almost done, but don't forget to treat yourself to a little something, too. After all, you've worked hard this season. Since you've likely almost maxed out your budget, indulge in some steep discounted finds from The Outnet's extra 50 percent off sale. We rounded up the best shoes under $150 to shop, from that must-have black ankle boot to a colorful vacation mule. Go ahead, gift yourself a last-minute present. I know I will. Sam Edelman lace-up velvet ankle boots, $160 $34SHOP ITAnya Hindmarch leather sneakers, $395 $99SHOP ITCharlotte Olympia terry mules, $465 $116SHOP ITJoseph glitter ankle boots, $660 $149 SHOP ITNicholas Kirkwood patent-leather sandals, $695 $139SHOP ITSigerson Morrison thigh-high boots, $595 $149SHOP ITRag & Bone espadrille sneakers, $350 $99SHOP ITIris & Ink slippers, $135 $68SHOP ITIRO suede ankle boots, $560 $124SHOP ITAustralian Luxe Collective espadrilles, $140 $42SHOP ITMother of Pearl floral mules, $325 $85SHOP ITChloé scallop ballet flats, $495 $149SHOP ITRED patent leather brogues, $495 $99SHOP ITVince suede mules, $325 $81SHOP ITManebi wedge espadrilles, $144 $42SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Michelle Obama has traveled from city to city to talk about her memoir Becoming (our #ReadWithMC book club pick this month!), and her final leg in the States dropped her off in Brooklyn, New York. On Wednesday night, the former first lady stepped on stage to greet Sarah Jessica Parker, who served as the moderator for the evening. It was fitting, then, for Michelle to wear the brightest, sparkliest pair of boots while chatting with SJP whose alter ego, Carrie Bradshaw, has become the symbol of style in NYC. For her grand entrance, Michelle strode on stage in a silky Balenciaga dress from the spring/summer 2019 collection. Underneath flashed those unmistakeable statement glitter boots from the fashion house. The dress is not yet available to the public, but the shoes are available to shop—if you have $3,900 to spare. She wore a pair of Jennifer Fisher hoop earrings.This stunning outfit should come as no surprise to anyone who has studied Michelle's former first lady style and her iconic outfits. During her time at the White House, Michelle was a champion of emerging designers (she put Jason Wu on the map when she wore the young designer to the 2009 inaugural ball), and knew the public would, unfortunately, focus on her fashion choices as the first lady.   "I was supposed to stand out without overshadowing others, to blend in but not fade away. As a black woman, too, I knew I’d be criticized if I was perceived as being showy and high-end, and I’d also be criticized if I was too casual. So I mixed it up," Michelle wrote in Becoming. "I wore something from Target one day and Diane von Furstenberg the next. I wanted to draw attention to and celebrate American designers, especially those who were less established...For me, my choices were simply a way to use my curious relationship with the public gaze to boost a diverse set of up-and-comers."On Wednesday night, however, during her chat with SJP, Michelle said that she chose the sparkly Balenciaga boots simply because she thought they were cute and that there were no secret messages in the boots. Twitter users agreed with her that the boots were amazing, writing, "She. Is. Wonder. Woman. On. Fire." and "Lawd... this is what my life needed and I didn’t even know." Michelle's close friend and senior advisor to Barack Obama, Valerie Jarrett, even shared this tweet: "Well, I have never seen boots like this before. Have you?" Take a moment to appreciate Michelle's sparkly boots (and her aura and her grace, while you're at it). If you're ready to make the splurge, shop the shoes below. They too can be yours in minutes.For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She's since said goodbye to rompers and plunging necklines.  In hindsight, Meghan Markle seemed destined for royal life. Well, at least her wardrobe was. She has very specific tastes, namely clothes that are feminine, tailored, and polished. Back in her Suits days, Meghan's red carpet dresses and tops neither featured crazy colors nor insanely bright patterns; she stuck to pussy-bow blouses and formfitting gowns. Her wardrobe preferences changed ever so slightly when she became a royal (i.e. the addition of fascinators and the riddance of plunging necklines). While there are quite a few things she likely can't wear at all anymore, at least not in public (think: rompers), the Duchess of Sussex has managed to maintain her sense of style, toeing the royal line with tuxedo minidresses and sleek black trousers. Here, our favorite looks from before she and Prince Harry said "I do."In one of their last outings before they became a married couple, Meghan Markle and Prince Harry attended the the 25th Anniversary Memorial Service to celebrate the life and legacy of Stephen Lawrence in London. The soon-to-be Duchess of Sussex wore a belted dress by Hugo Boss and a pair of beige pumps. The dress was classy and elegant, qualities her outfits still embody today, though with a v-neckline—something we haven't seen on her in a while.Meghan has a knack for choosing neutral-colored tailored pieces, as seen here during her visit to Catalyst Inc. in Belfast, Northern Ireland. She wore a dusty pink coat from Mackage, a Victoria Beckham top, and a Greta Constantine green skirt. Instead of matching her shoes to her skirt or outerwear, Meghan stood out in burnt orange stilettos from Jimmy Choo.When the fascinator goes on, you're one step closer to looking like a royal. Meghan's beret-like hat was by Stephen Jones and it coordinated perfectly with her white coat by British brand Amanda Wakeley. This was one of the first outfits where I thought, wow, she fits right in.Even before becoming an official royal, Meghan always had great taste in coats. Here, she was spotted in a belted white and navy trench from J.Crew with a pair of skinny trousers while visiting Birmingham, England, with Harry.While appearing at the first annual Royal Foundation Forum in London, Meghan and Kate Middleton showed just how different their styles were. Though both in shades of blue, Meghan chose a more contemporary ruffled dress by Jason Wu, while Kate wore a long-sleeve maternity dress by Séraphine. In one of their first public outings as an engaged couple, Harry and Meghan walked arm in arm to greet the crowds in Nottingham, England. Meghan matched Harry in a navy coat from Canadian brand Mackage and carried a Strathberry tote. Navy seems to be one of the Duchess' favorite colors to wear.Harry and Meghan announced their engagement  at The Sunken Gardens at Kensington Palace. The soon-to-be Duchess of Sussex wore a belted white coat from Line the Label, a green dress by Parosh, and lace-up Aquazzura heels. This outfit set the tone for her future royal style. Meghan and Harry made their first public debut as a couple at the Invictus Games in Toronto. Her outfit consisted of a Misha Nonoo button-down shirt, Mother jeans, and Sarah Flint flats. The outfit was casual yet polished enough to be photographed in, and it was loved by royal fans around the world. Meghan attended the 12th annual CFDA/Vogue Fashion Fund Awards in a plunging silver minidress and black mule pumps. Though the neckline of the Duchess's current dresses will never dip this low, this look isn't all that different from her beloved tuxedo dresses (shorter hemline, straight-cut). In a slightly more daredevilish moment, Meghan wore a see-through shirt with a pair of white flared trousers to an NBC press event. While the latter has become a trademark style for the Duchess, mesh tops that reveal one's bra definitely have not. Farewell naked shirts. Meghan attended a benefit dinner in 2014 while wearing a teal mermaid style gown from Roland Mouret, a French designer she wears to this day. (If you remember, she wore this navy dress from the label to tea with her mother and the Queen before her wedding day.)Meghan attended the Herve Leger by Max Azria fashion show in a crop top and skirt set. The black ensemble was cute and flirty, though this is one outfit we're pretty positive won't be making a comeback in Meghan's wardrobe. You might recall Meghan making waves in the media for wearing an off-the-shoulder pink dress to her first Trooping the Colour, but she's been rocking this style since at least 2012. This sequined black dress was her pick for a USA event; she completed the look with a gold clutch and glittery pumps.The (then) Suits actress always had a taste for elegance as proven by this velvet peplum top and skirt ensemble. Meghan leans toward form-fitting clothes, and this outfit from 2011 isn't all that different from her current style. You probably won't ever spot Meghan in a romper like this again...at least not publicly. As the Duchess of Sussex, the royal has adopted a more modest wardrobe consisting of midi dresses and trousers, rather than more laidback attire like this pink one-piece. R.I.P. rompers. The star showed off her sweet side in a strapless bubble dress with a bow detailing. Good thing Meghan was already comfortable with wearing heels (like this two-toned metallic pair) as a celebrity. They've become a major part of her royal wardrobe. Meghan attended an event for The National Kidney Foundation in casual attire: a cropped jacket with a black top and flared jeans. A multi-strand beaded necklace hung on her neck and she carried a brown-and-white bag. Her accessories game has taken quite the leap from this day. Instead of faux pearls, she now has access to all the Queen's diamond necklaces and tiaras. Lucky.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Back in May, Amal Clooney attended Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's wedding wearing the most stunning yellow dress. The Stella McCartney design glowed in the sunlight, and Amal paired it with an equally gorgeous yellow fascinator. While the dress wasn't then available to shop (as it was likely custom-made for the star), the design is now available for purchase through MatchesFashion.com.  If you have $1,995, and then some, laying around, the dress can be yours. Though it's definitely pricey, it's the dress to buy if you want to channel Amal vibes and make a statement at parties. According to the website description, the canary-yellow creation is "crafted to a vintage-inspired silhouette with a lightly pleated square neckline and ties in the back" to create that flowing fabric look from behind. There's one caveat though, a matching fascinator isn't included. (I know, bummer.)This yellow dress comes on the heels of Stella McCartney releasing a line of wedding dresses, including the white halter-neck gown Meghan wore to her wedding reception at Frogmore House. If you're ready to invest in one of the two iconic dresses from the royal wedding, shop Amal's exact one ahead.  Amal's wedding guest dress:For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Promise.It doesn't matter how long you've been in the relationship—the gift-giving pressure is real. Wait, does she have this already? What's that brand she loves again? Is it too soon for this? Save yourself the awkward "Oh...it's nice" (we've all been there) and buy her one of these chic gifts, ahead. It's rare to find a pair of cat-eye sunglasses that cross into square sunglasses territory, but this Gucci pair does the trick—making them an A-plus choice for most face shapes. One spritz of Le Labo's Santal 33 perfume, and she'll captivate the entire room. (Seriously, this is not an exaggeration.) The bottles are on the pricier side, so she'll appreciate you contributing to an extra few months of her signature scent.  Take the next step in the relationship and buy each other matching Away carry-on suitcases. (Okay, they don't have to match exactly...please get different colors.) Add her initials for a personalized touch. If The Great British Bake Off is on her "most recents" Netflix queue (or she just really enjoys cooking), she'll love this set of four tile measuring cups.Yes, navigating unchartered makeup territory is scary, but this bold Tom Ford eyeshadow set will go perfectly with any of her outfits this winter. Trust us on this one.If you're dating a candle hoarder, gift her one of these beautiful candle holders instead of contributing to her...problem. This way, you're still supporting her while giving her an excuse to actually use them.Adidas' Stan Smith sneakers look good with any outfit, athleisure or non. They're totally worth the investment even if everyone and their mother has a pair. (Also, you can never have too many pairs of Stan Smiths.)Only those who have memorized every line from Mean Girls deserve to wear this ugly Christmas sweater this month. And none for Gretchen Wieners.Does the name Meghan Markle ring a bell? (Don't answer that.) The Duchess wears this brand of jewelry frequently, so you're pretty much bestowing a royal title on your girlfriend by getting her a pair of these earrings. It's not a regular yoga mat, it's a smart yoga mat. Yes, this self-rolling, cushiony mat pairs with an Amazon Alexa app that will guide her through her flow. (Technology!) Plus, every time she goes to class, she'll think of you.Don't question the fanny pack revival—just know she'll be impressed that you thought to get her one in the first place. Its functionality will allow her to be hands-free, which just means more hand-holding for the two of you. If you've been dating for more than a couple months, a piece of jewelry like this gorgeous female silhouette necklace says, "I'm committed, but I know my limits."There's only one acceptable choice of footwear during winter: fuzzy slippers that will feel like she's walking on pillows.Attention: New knitwear has dropped on Everlane, and she will never—I repeat, never—say no to a cozy oversized crewneck sweater. Consider it one less item she needs to add to her cart during her winter wardrobe refresh.Delish's cookbook features over 275 easy-to-learn recipes and ideas so really, it's a gift for the both of you. Cookie dough cheesecake? Yes, please.Three words: mirror bluetooth speaker. This genius invention from iHome allows her to do her makeup while listening to her favorite music, and even has the ability to take phone calls. Her morning routine will never be the same (in the best way).Inspire her to write down all of her thoughts and ideas in this gorgeous lined notebook. Create a customizable cover to add a special touch.Fact: Get her a wool beanie that speaks to her soul, and you'll win S.O. of the year.••• For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.subscribe here 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			As a fashion lover, I can't properly kiss 2018 goodbye without reminiscing about some of the biggest style trends of the year. From dad sneakers to biker shorts, these trendy pieces were everywhere and worn with pride by fashion gals. Before we usher in the new trends for 2019, take a look at all the It items that made their way into our wardrobes this year. And if, for any reason, you haven't bought that bucket hat or pair of kitten heel mules yet, this is your final chance. After all, past fashion trends have a way of coming back, as you'll see ahead.Kanye West's Yeezy Season 6 collection may have brought bike shorts back into our lives, but this athleisure piece is the ultimate throwback (Who can forget Princess Diana's iconic off-duty royal looks in the '90s?). It didn't take much convincing for the fashion crowd to get in on the game as everyone from Gigi Hadid to editors tested out the trend, pairing biker shorts with blazers, sweaters, and even heels. This year, we saw the hunger for logo-covered merch, from Fendi shirts and accessories to the revival of Dior's beloved saddle bag. Whether you favored these two designer names, or Google's most-searched brands, Louis Vuitton and Versace, it was clear consumers wanted to show off their designer pieces in a more conspicuous manner. Here, model Joan Smalls rocked a Fendi logo-covered crop top and skirt set during fashion week.This year marked Mickey's 90th birthday and the love for Disney is still strong. Brands from Levi's and Rag & Bone to luxury fashion houses like Marc Jacobs released special Mickey capsule pieces that were cute and wearable. From shirts to denim jackets, the elevated merch weren't the souvenirs you find at Disneyland. Least year, Chanel's spring '18 runway introduced us to translucent shoes and bags, setting the tone for PVC to dominate in the summer of 2018. From clear outerwear to see-through boots and bags, the ubiquitous material took over every fashion girl's wardrobe. The indomitable dad sneaker or "ugly sneaker" trend took hold of everyone's wardrobes in 2018 (including mine!) and can be traced back to the release of Balenciaga's triple S trainers. While at first a select few owned the coveted style from the luxury house, it wasn't long before other retailers released their own iterations in every color under the rainbow. These chunky sole footwear outshone every other shoe. Dad would be proud.In what seemed like something out of The Matrix, tiny sunglasses were everywhere all of a sudden. Kanye even declared them "in" and big frames out, telling Kim Kardashian to stop wearing oversize shades. Never mind that these frames were sometimes too small to actually shield your eyes from the sun, they were cool to look at. Every brand, from Prada to Zara, offered tiny frames in a variety of colors.Love them or hate them, kitten heels were popular this year thanks to the fashion industry's renewed interest in '80s fashion. The shoe popped up on the spring '18 runways of Miu Miu, Prada, and Tibi with street style stars immediately adopting kitten heels the following season. You couldn't shop a boot or mule without seeing a version of it with this practical heel height. Take a look at the street style from September New York Fashion Week and you'll see a sea of suits. From lavender-colored two pieces to an orchid-printed blazer and trouser set, suits were the menswear-inspired outfit of choice for many influencers and celebrities. Even Meghan Markle hopped on this trend with a black Alexander McQueen suit earlier in the year, proving the two-piece is the new LBD. Whether you called them fanny packs or belt bags, this '90s accessory, like the dad sneaker, enjoyed a style revival with the fashion community. Only now, the new way to wear it wasn't around your waist, but slung across your body as if you were wearing a regular crossbody bag. Everyone from Kendall Jenner and Bella Hadid to bloggers wore their fanny packs like this.Bucket hats, like every other '90s piece, found their way back into the fashion fold in 2018. The "I'm on vacation" toppers were big on the spring '18 runways of Prada and Lacoste before trickling down to fast-fashion retailers, who offered the accessory in prints from florals to stripes. The bucket hat even comes in a fleece material for winter. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Does this even count as clothes?No one out there does naked dressing quite like Kim Kardashian West—although her sisters often give her some strong competition. The reality star has well and truly mastered the art of rocking barely-there clothes, usually resulting in an outfit that might understandably leave your eyeballs hanging out of their sockets. Shout out to the time she wore an entirely transparent tress with an open trench coat, and how could you forget her Jean Paul Gaultier optical illusion dress from this year’s PCAs?But it turns out that, despite her ydaring legacy of masterful naked dressing, we simply ain’t seen nothing yet. Kim’s latest Instagram post has revealed what might just be her most naked dress of all time, and it's really quite something.The 38-year-old mother-of-three posed for a snap which was simply captioned “fittings”—although there’s not actually all that much to fit. Kim’s completely sheer, sparkling dress was covered in delicate crystal embellishment, and featured a-symmetrical straps, a plunging neckline, and not a whole lot else. Of course, it goes without saying that Kim looked phenomenal, if not a little chilly, while she held the two sides of the unfastened dress together. Fittings🧚🏼‍♂️A post shared by  Kim Kardashian West (@kimkardashian) on Dec 17, 2018 at 5:40pm PSTWhile Kim didn’t reveal exactly what the show-stopping dress was in aid of, it comes just a few days after her youngest sister, Kylie Jenner, posted an Instagram featuring a similarly glamorous, figure-hugging look. By now, it's safe to assume that nothing the Kardashians do is ever just a coincidence, and there's something naked-looking in the works.A post shared by Kylie ♥️ (@kyliejenner) on Dec 13, 2018 at 2:17pm PSTThe Kardashian Christmas card was officially cancelled for 2018, but maybe we’re getting some kind of Naked New Year celebration? At this point, why not.For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Cancelled flight? Here’s how to make the most of it.This is a modal window.Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window.End of dialog window.The best-laid travel plans can go seriously awry when winter weather comes to play. A little sprinkle of magic—by way of some gorgeous sparkle—can make a big difference in turning a worst-holiday-ever situation into something memorable. Watch the video above to see how we used Swarovski pieces to cast a magic spell on The Beekman Hotel in downtown New York City. From: ELLE US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			New Year's Eve is just one night, so why do most of us—myself included—go into a frenzy, spending WAY TOO MUCH money on a sequin, backless minidress we, realistically, will only wear once? (Because your friends will tag you in photos on Instagram and then you can never wear said look ever again.) In an effort to be a more conscientious shopper and spender (my pre-New Year's resolution, if you will), I've given myself a budget for this year's party look. And, turns out, it's not that difficult to find affordable minidresses or gowns that check off all the NYE categories, from sweet and sexy to fun and funky. I found 11 options, below. Select your dream party dress, then join me at the bar with your remaining money. We can toast to the new year with fancy champagne.  Some go the sexy route for NYE, others go on the sweet and romantic path. If you're the latter, add this blush minidress to your checkout cart tonight. Style with layered gold necklaces and take your pick of heels or booties. This dress looks fabulous with both.Black may be your safety color, but for NYE push yourself a bit out of your comfort zone with this dark green lace dress. You can still wear it with black accessories, like a black ankle boots, and this look is casual yet dressy enough for New Year's—even if you're just going to a house party. A typical New Year's Eve outfit  has one requirement: It must be sparkly or shimmery. This red minidress, with a square-cut neckline and spaghetti straps, definitely fits that bill. The color, while not your traditional metallic hue, still properly captures that festive spirit and funky disco party vibes.For parties with a stricter dress code, you'll need a long gown. This one will keep your legs covered (a.k.a. warm) as you're standing in line at the venue. Once that coat is off, your dress's sexy illusion-bodice and shimmery sequins balance out the more modest portions of your look. Your ideal party gown would be a t-shirt dress, but since you can't exactly show up to a fancy venue in that, this asymmetric lamé dress is your next best option. The dress looks like it was dipped in liquid gold and hangs loosely on your body, so you won't feel constricted as you dance the night away.A fresh take on the lace black dress we've seen so many times, this negligee-esque plus-size piece features an asymmetrical hemline and lace trim. It has just a hint of shimmer, but not enough to make you feel overly flashy. (This dress also, strangely, reminds me of a black-and-white (gold?) cookie, in a good way.) Sequins by definition are in-your-face shiny. For a more tone-down version, I love this Mango option. The dress is backless, which I adore, and the black sequins add shimmer and shine without reflecting all colors of the rainbow. Wear with red heels for a pop of color.Breezy chiffon fabric that catches the wind is great for summer, but winter calls for something heavier, like velvet. This high-low dress with a matching belt is all you need to make your grand entrance.Psst, this isn't just any red dress. It's a dress with snakeskin print. Bold. But also, it blends in. Here's your chance to test out the trend without fully committing to the black-and-white reptilian look. Few dresses offer the same comfort as pajamas. But this slip dress does. That's why it's my choice for every party I attend. If you're looking for a stylish one, reach for this Topshop crisscross back design. It comes in seven different colors, so you don't wind up in the same look as everyone else at the party.  I'm getting Meghan Markle vibes just looking at this. The menswear-inspired blazer dress features double-breasted buttons and a sexy v-neck. The super-short length is balanced out by long sleeves. This is a dress you can pull off with tights and ankle booties, ensuring your comfy and cozy all night long. The Duchess of Sussex would approve.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			In October, just five months after their epic, televised royal wedding, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle jetted off Down Under for their first official royal tour as husband and wife. The itinerary was packed with events, from a slew of Invictus Games-related activities to the standard royal tour meet and greets with heads of state. But none of that mattered as much as it might have to royal fans because, just before the tour kicked off, Meghan and Harry announced that they were expecting their first child in spring of 2019. The world was already going to be watching Meghan's royal tour fashion with laser focus, but the pregnancy news took things to the next level, creating Meghan Maternity Style Watch 2018. One of Meghan's most talked-about looks came on Day 13 of the tour, when she and Harry stepped off a plane in Wellington, New Zealand for a day of meetings with the public and a visit to Pukeahu National War Memorial Park. Harry looked dashing as always in a fitted grey suit and his military decorations, but unsurprisingly, all eyes were on Meghan. On that day, the Duchess of Sussex paired a plaid Karen Walker Banks trench (which retails for $750) with a very affordable ASOS maternity dress that costs just $56. The dress, ASOS's Wiggle maternity dress, sold out almost immediately (as you'd expect). Now, however, the dress is back in stock in time for Christmas. The ASOS Wiggle maternity dress is $60 and comes in black, just like Meghan's. ASOS Wiggle maternity dress, $60SHOP ITAs a bonus, ASOS has also made the dress available in other sizing options as well. The dress is available in standard sizes and retails for $56. ASOS Wiggle mini dress, $56SHOP IT And the dress is also available in tall sizes, also for $56. ASOS Wiggle tall mini dress, $56SHOP ITThis is a rare chance to dress like actual royalty for less than $100. If you want the dress, hurry before it sells out again. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Not the easiest look to pull off, but she does.As soon as you hear the words ‘Jennifer Lopez’, you instantly follow them up with the phrase ‘glowing for the gods’. Usually, the assumed radiance applies to her incredible, golden skin, which always embodies the idea of being lit from within (bring on that skincare line, J.Lo), but this time her glow has reached all new levels in a brand new way.Arriving on set for an appearance on Despierta America to promote her latest movie, Second Act, Jennifer pulled up in head-to-toe neon. No literally, we’re talking neon sunglasses, all the way down to neon stiletto heels, and of course it was a total look.According to Instagram account @stylejlo, the star opted for a vibrant, satin orange trench coat styled with a simple, midi-length body con dress by Alex Perry. There’s a very slight tonal difference in her coral co-ordination to avoid an overly matchy-matchy look, if you were planning on being super brave and recreating the outfit. On second thoughts, maybe we should leave this one to J.Lo.The eye-catching, tangerine shoes were courtsey of Casadei, and the co-ordinated aviator shades with tinted lenses were by Carrera. The only contrasting color in the ensemble came from her miniature white box bag by Mark Cross, because naturally, even her bright pop of lip gloss matched perfectly with the color palette.Woah. If you weren’t quite convinced by Pantone’s verdict on the New Color of the Year, Living Coral, then J.Lo just entirely confirmed it for them.For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			 The process can be a bit confusing.If you're a savvy eBay user, congratulations. Because I'm definitely not. I know how the site works, sort of, and I've sold products on there in the past—a blue Kate Spade wallet and a pair of purple Hunter rain boots. But, I've never bought anything. What's holding me back is the sheer amount of products available. I get overwhelmed with choices! (It's the same feeling you get when you're scrolling through 50 pages of dresses on ASOS.)According to Renee Paradise, senior director of fashion at eBay, there are more than 1.1 billion (yep, billion) listings, which means, while you can find anything you're looking for, actually shifting through those billions to find said perfect thing requires some know-how.Because I'm not the best eBay shopper, I turned to Paradise, guru that she is, with all my questions about buying and selling. She tells me that her saved searches clock-in at 80 and she checks her lists almost every night before bed, waiting for the right deal. Paradise has found gems from luxe brands including Ganni, Maje, and Isabel Marant. And like a true royal fan, when she spotted Meghan Markle in a pair of Mother jeans, she added the "black runaway" denim style to her eBay saved list immediately. Days later she snagged the exact jeans for $40. Whatever her tips and tricks were to scoring discounts, I wanted in. Ahead, Paradise shares the 11 most important things to know before you buy or sell. (Hopefully, there are a few new shopping secrets for you expert eBay users.)SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			On Tuesday, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi and Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer visited the White House to discuss the border wall issue with President Donald Trump. The televised conversation quickly became heated, the discussion ended without a compromise, and the president threatened to shut down the government if his long-proposed demands for a wall aren't met. While the debate had people fired up on Twitter, that wasn't the only thing that caught people's attention. As Pelosi left the White House, Twitter users immediately zoomed in on the sight of her red coat and became obsessed with the outerwear.The coat went viral, spawning memes and drawings and a Twitter account called "Nancy Pelosi's Red Coat" while The Boston Globe effectively named it Big Coat Energy (a play on BDE from earlier this year). Pelosi's daughter, Christine Pelosi, even picked up on the momentum of the situation and gave a recount of when her mom purchased the coat, writing, "This makes me smile: I remember shopping with Nancy Pelosi aka Mom for this coat at Christmastime 2012 for President Obama’s second inaugural.  (The reports say it’s red but expect a dark orange.)"Btw, I loved Nancy Pelosi's red coat. Those high buttons across the neck are boss. Iconic imagery, yesterday. pic.twitter.com/hHSAPnQi3YWhen politics & fashion intersect (my favorite subject): @maxmara announces they’ll re-release @NancyPelosi’s coat in multiple colors next year following its social media success https://t.co/fwNWbjRrAvThe Max Mara design is from the label's fall/winter 2012 collection  and though it's sold out, thanks to the fervor the outerwear caused, the brand told Glamour that they're bringing it back next year. Whether you decide to get Pelosi's dark orange/red version or purchase the outerwear in a completely different color way in 2019, just know this: It's a total power woman coat. In the meantime, console yourself and shop these similar red outerwear selections.For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			They're not intimidating to wear, I promise.Some fashion stories I write are a little self-indulgent and this is one of them. Ever since I spotted snakeskin ankle boots on the Fall ’18 runways, I've been searching for the perfect pair. My goal: Find one that would go with these off white/cream-colored pants I just bought. A more difficult task than I thought it would be at the outset. But you work in fashion, how's that possible? I'm aware, I've asked myself that too.  I thought I found my dream boots on Black Friday, but when they were delivered to the wrong address, I took that as a sign that they weren't meant for me. The search continued. After examining every major fashion house's collection and browsing more than, what seemed like, 50 pairs, I found 10 that I love and are within my budget. (Okay, a few would be a splurge.) On a quest to find your perfect pair? Start with the options below.A good way to dip your toe in the snakeskin boot trend before fully spending $500 on it, is with this knee-high option from Zara. It's only $99 and comes in classic brown and beige coloring. Wear under your knitted black dresses or with blue jeans and a white blouse.Snakeskin print makes noise all on its own, but add a black buckle detail and you have a statement boot. The slightly angled heel adds yet another small point of interest to help this bootie stand out.The Little Mermaid herself would trade her tail for this pair of velvet snakeskin ankle boots. The teal color shimmers and shines and the cylinder-shaped heel is much cooler than a block heel. Wear with a cream-colored sweater and black jeans. "Snakeskin" may sound limiting, but this trendy material is seen on a variety of silhouettes this season. This particular pair is western-inspired and features a thin stiletto high heel. A pointed toe box further emphasizes that sleek and smooth look. Perfect for the woman whose style could be described as "elegant urban cowgirl."Cue These Boots Were Made for Walkin'. These red sock booties will catch everyone's eye as soon as you step...well, anywhere. They can be worn under dresses or with a pair of cropped blue jeans—just make sure the print is visible for maximum visual impact.If there's such thing as an "every day" snakeskin boot, this is it. The black and gray hues go well with any sweater-and-jeans look, while the cool python print gives your ensemble a boost in style.This textured vegan leather ankle boot only imitates the look of snakeskin, which is suitable for ethically conscious consumers. It comes in eight (!) colors and the western-inspired silhouette is right on-trend for the season.Not ready to fully commit to the snakeskin look yet? This mostly-black ankle boot with a splash of snakeskin print is FOR the faint of heart. It's almost like the design was stripped away from the boot, a truly high-fashion look. You won't find another pair like it, I've tried. I call this boot the half-and-half. It's hard to tell in this photo, but the other side of this turquoise snake print shoe is black suede. This design comes from fashion influencer Arielle Charnas, who always has her finger on the pulse on what's new, and knows exactly what her fans want. Who wants a classic pair when you could wear THESE?Online reviews for this shoe include comments about how pretty they are and "nice leather and nice quality." For $125, you can't ask for anything more. The tan color coupled with the slim heel separates this footwear from its chunky cousins and is on my personal must-have-for-December wishlist. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I've worn them for all occasions, from work to weddings. In our biweekly series, our editors will be sharing "the item they wear to death," whether it be a basic white tee or a super-trendy jumpsuit. Prepare yourself (and your credit card) for some guilt-free shopping.I did not grow up in a household obsessed with designer labels. I learned early on that Fruit Circles and Froot Loops were the same thing ("they're made in the same factory," my mom would explain, "they just put some of them in more expensive boxes") and that buying anything that wasn't marked final clearance was reserved for chumps. My family's off-brand only, deep discount-loving attitude, naturally, extended to my wardrobe, which consisted mostly of clothes my grandma picked out for me at yard sales and me buying graphic tees from Walmart's clearance section. This was more or less how I acquired clothes and dressed myself through high school. I was exactly as popular as you're imagining and, sure, in retrospect, it may have had something to do with my wardrobe (I did not give in to the ever-so-slightly-too-tight Abercrombie & Fitch t-shirts and chunky blonde highlights, which were all the rage but definitively not my style). I, however, never really stressed about that. In fact, fashion meant nothing to me until I moved to Los Angeles and got my first job at a national magazine, where the official dress code was, and I quote, "casual-trendy-cute." So, not long into my L.A. tenure, while walking around a mall with two friends who actually went to malls to shop and not just to see how many Auntie Anne's samples one can get, I splurged on my first-ever pair of "name brand" shoes: Toms. Okay, so this wasn't exactly a Carrie Bradshaw moment. But, spending $50 on a pair of shoes went against all the values I learned in my upbringing (even if I could pretend it was kind of like spending $25 because the company promised to donate to charity as a result of my purchase). Despite this minor guilt-ridden moment, it was love at first slip-on. (I knew the way you know about a good melon, if you will.)My first pair of Toms was not the black canvas style that has since become my signature. They were sparkly and covered in glitter and I bought them because they reminded me of The Rainbow Fish. I wore that first pair of Toms for about a year, until they were coming apart at the seams and smelled truly awful. It took all my strength to throw away the most expensive item of clothing I had ever bought for myself. And, even more to resist the urge to buy a pair of cheaper "Bobs" instead of shelling out again for the shoe I really wanted. Fast forward six-plus years later, I now replace my Toms like clockwork every six months. Sometimes even sooner, because when you wear them every day for every activity, they wear out pretty quickly. The shoes are worth it, worth every usually-pinched penny. They are comfortable. They slip on. When you break them in, they feel almost like they're formed just for your feet...or they do for me anyway. Plus, now that I'm buying them in black and not rainbow glitter, they're also appropriate for just about every occasion. I've worn them on interviews, on roller coasters, on subways, and on dates. I've worn them with jeans, with shorts, with dresses, and with skirts. They might not be the right shoe to wear to certain fancy-schmancy events, but they also never look totally wrong anywhere. I've never felt embarrassed about my Toms and I've never felt either over or underdressed in them, either. Do you want your own pair of magical, slip-on, go-with-everything, are-at-least-vaguely-appropriate-for-every-situation shoes? Shop them, below.For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter. SUBSCRIBE HERE 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Queen Rania of Jordan is just as stylish as Kate Middleton and Meghan Markle, if not more so. I have proof. She's worn every designer from Fendi to Givenchy (a favorite of Meghan's, who last night presented Clare Waight Keller the British Womenswear of the Year award). While Queen Rania's luxe tastes mirror that of the British royals, her eye for affordable fashion doesn't stray far from either Kate or Meghan's, either. She has the same tastes as the ladies, gravitating towards fast-fashion favorite, Zara.While the Duchess of Sussex was busy at The Fashion Awards 2018, Queen Rania popped up at the Arab Social Media Awards in Dubai. She wore a velvet green top and a matching pair of dark green chiffon culottes. (At first, the bottoms resembled more of a skirt because the pleats blended in together.) This rather effortless and casual piece worked perfectly with the rest of her ensemble, with a pair of Christian Dior heels bringing elegance to the entire look. If you love this outfit, the culotte pants are only $50, which makes them a stylish and affordable option for holiday parties. For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.   SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Keep them around for weddings, birthday parties, date night...True story: Immediately upon receiving an official invite to Marie Claire's holiday party, my coworker and I slacked each other about what to wear. After some back and forth conversations (sweatpants were briefly considered), she settled on shopping for a new look. Meanwhile, I decided I'd wear my trusty black lace jumpsuit. I've worn it to interviews, events, and past holiday parties. The ASOS one-piece is basically my own version of the LBD. I prefer a jumpsuit over the latter in the winter because it covers my legs. Pants, but make it fancy.Instead of writing a novel about my jumpsuit, however, let me help you find one of your own to love. Ahead, I curated 11 one-pieces fancy and festive enough every holiday party you have on the calendar.When you want to be a tad dramatic, choose this one-shoulder black jumpsuit with a high-neck design and golden embroidery. It's a modest look that will also earn you stylish compliments from your coworkers. Wear with gold heels and small earrings, so as not to compete with the suit's flashy details. Can't decide between sleeves or no sleeves? Compromise with sheer sleeves. They offer the illusion of coverage without completely hiding your arms. It's a unique detail that will help you stand out—in a good way. Show off your sweet side in this blush velvet jumpsuit. Skinny spaghetti straps, a waist-cinching belt, and a plunging neckline add subtle sexiness to an otherwise conservative one-piece. Wear alone to your BFF's party or with a black blazer for a work-appropriate look. This velvet jumpsuit is similar to the one above, except for one thing: the neckline. I've found, as a small chested gal, that a square neckline is much more flattering than a plunging v-neck. Best part: you don't need a specially cut bra.Sequin anything can come across as flamboyant, but not this jumpsuit. It has a tuxedo-style neckline and dark sequins, which means you can sort of blend in with the LBDs...if you want to. Once the spotlight is on you, however, don't be afraid to let your one piece sparkle as you show off those dance moves.  You might recognize the name Roland Mouret because Meghan Markle wore this navy dress from the brand. You'll find that her dress and this jumpsuit both share the same elegant and polished qualities. This one, however, is definitely more daring around the shoulders. The Duchess of Sussex might pass on this style (because Queen E), but I'll take it.When in doubt, walk into the room in a black jumpsuit. To make it feel fresh and fun, pick one with cutout lace panels and a sweetheart neckline. This one piece features a bustier-style fit and tapered pant legs. Pair with a houndstooth jacket.This & Other Stories jumpsuit gives off an old school vibe thanks to the '80s-inspired puff sleeves, buttons, and wide belt. It's for the gal who wants to stand out at the party, but not in the latest flashy sequin minidress kind of way. Pair with leather knee-high black boots.  Holiday parties are filled with satins, silks, and velvets, but who says flowers aren't festive? To make this dark floral print one-piece feel dressy, simply throw on a pair of heels and add a clutch. When summer comes, you can rework the wintery look with white sandals and straw hat. Diane von Furstenberg doesn't just do wrap dresses—she also designs jumpsuit masterpieces. Take this one, which comes in  a midnight blue color. Pretty silk satin frames the neckline, sleeve cuffs, and sash, while the rest of the look is sumptuous velvet. Wear with these IRO red heels for a little more color or go with classic black pumps.   Your party has a casual dress code. Perfect. You can wear this green suede one-piece with white sneakers to the office. Then when it's time to party, swap your kicks for heels or black boots so the event feels a like a change from work. A pair of chandelier earrings like these will complete your holiday outfit.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Now that's true friendship.When it comes to her fashion line, Serena Williams has a strong group of supporters in her corner. She has her sister Venus, who also designs clothing, her husband, her daughter Olympia (who is featured on her website), and her best friends. One pal, in particular, has shown her support for Williams' clothing line, Serena, all the way from Australia: Meghan Markle. Back in October, on day two of the royal tour, the Duchess of Sussex arrived at the Dubbo airport in Australia with Prince Harry. She was photographed wearing a Maison Kitsuné white collared shirt, Outland jeans, black suede J.Crew boots, and an oversize plaid blazer. That last piece was from the Serena line, and though Meghan never publicly commented on the blazer, the Duchess of Sussex knew she would be photographed in the outfit, and those pictures seen around the globe—a major publicity moment for her dear friend. The tennis star, subsequently, thanked her friend on Instagram.  The face you make when you and Duchess of Sussex Meghan have matching @serena blazers 😍 #BeSeenBeHeard  Link in bio to shop the collection!A post shared by  Serena Williams (@serenawilliams) on Oct 16, 2018 at 5:51pm PDTOver the weekend, I chatted with Williams about her new collection featuring extended sizes, and inquired about the blazer. When asked how she felt that day, Williams told me:The duo's friendship can be traced back to 2010, at the Super Bowl XLIV in Miami, where they reportedly first met and hit it off. Eight years later, Williams was by her friend's side as she got married. (If you recall, she attended the royal wedding in this stunning pink Atelier Versace ensemble back on May 19.)Though we rarely see the two together in public, there's no doubt the women still have each other on their minds. As if to confirm this unbreakable bond, Williams says, "Since that blazer sold out, now we just have special pieces that are specifically made for Meghan and we send those to her. It's been fun creating them." (Can someone find me a friend like this, please?) Since Williams didn't reveal what she's making for Meghan (maybe it's a pair of trousers or another "royal" hoodie?), it's up to you, my royal fans, to keep tabs on the next Serena piece spotted on the Duchess. And, since the blazer has completely sold out, thanks to the Meghan Effect, I picked out some other pieces I bet MM would love.  For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			And it's still available to buy.If we can’t have Prince William himself dressed up in a Santa suit and a full white beard, then this is a solid second choice. Kate Middleton has continued her run of perfect, Christmas-ready fashion this morning, as the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge arrived together at the Evelina London Children's Hospital. The royal couple brought plenty of holiday cheer with their visit to residents, following Kensington Palace's announcement that Kate has been named patron of the hospital.After last week’s adorable Emilia Wickstead tartan skirt moment, and her super cool Meghan-esque green blazer, the Duchess opted for a similarly festive shade for Tuesday’s appearance. Striking the perfect balance between kinda-Christmassy and still entirely sophisticated, Kate wore a forest green L.K. Bennett dress covered in a cute polkadot print (one of her favorites, right now), with cuffed long sleeves, a midi length and a sweet, pussybow neckline.It’s a classic Kate Middleton look, which the Duchess styled with a khaki suede clutch bag by the same designer, simple pointed heels, and her signature, shiny blow out.In an announcement regarding Kate’s future work for the hospital, the Palace explained that the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge’s visit today will see them dive into Christmas activities with the children, while they ”learn more about how the hospital supports children and their families, and the specialist services provided to children with rare and complex conditions.’ Later, they’ll head to The Passage, a homelessness resource center, where they’ll hear how workers help to assist homeless people in the city with the struggles that they face. It's sure to be a sentimental afternoon for Prince William, who first visited the homeless charity in 1994 along with younger brother Prince Harry when the pair were just 12 and 10. Back then, they accompanied their late mother Diana, Princess of Wales, for the trip. Dreaming of wearing Kate's polkadot dress over the holidays and living your true, Duchess realness? You're in luck—it's somehow still in stock at L.K.Bennett, but be quick. It goes without saying that anything worn by the Duchess will be sold out by the end of the day.For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The Duchess of Sussex wore a one-shoulder black dress.Tonight is the The Fashion Awards 2018 in Partnership with Swarovski at Royal Albert Hall in London. While we were blown away by Kendall Jenner's appearance on the red carpet (she wore a naked dress) there was another major celebrity in the audience: Meghan Markle. The Duchess of Sussex made an unannounced visit to the award ceremony for a very special reason. She was there to present designer Clare Waight Keller of Givenchy her British Womenswear Designer of the Year award.During Meghan's speech, she reportedly spoke about her "deeply personal connection with fashion and how fashion can support and empower women." The two ladies embraced each other on stage with hugs and smiles. This moment was super sweet given that Keller was the chosen one to design Meghan's now iconic Givenchy wedding dress. The Duchess of Sussex has since worn several pieces by the designer, many of them to her first events as a royal. The two seem to have developed a close relationship and for this happy night, Meghan, of course, wore Givenchy once again. The one-shoulder black gown flowed to the floor and beautifully draped across her growing belly while she stood tall in a pair of Tamara Mellon heels. See all the photos, ahead. For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter. SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's been a while since we've seen Kendall Jenner make an appearance on the red carpet. The star has been laying low, except for the release of her, Miley Cyrus, and Hailey Baldwin's Carpool Karaoke episode last week, but Jenner just resurfaced in London. On Monday night, the 23-year-old model attended The Fashion Awards 2018 in Partnership With Swarovski at Royal Albert Hall. She made her grand entrance in a not-so-surprising look: the naked dress. (Jenner's known for wearing see-through gowns.) The long sleeve gown, which seemed to be made of mesh material, featured structured padded shoulders, an open back, and a split in the front that went up to her hips. The shimmery gold number by Julien Macdonald was also very, very sheer. She wore a pair of beige underwear, but up on top she chose to go braless.Since 2018 was the year of the naked dress (okay, I completely made that up but, also, here's proof!), it was only appropriate for Kendall to close out the last month of 2018 in such a sheer dress. She sparkled and shined her way through the night.  For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter. SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You definitely know one of her favorites: Aquazzura.  Like most fashionistas, Meghan Markle has amassed quite the collection of designer shoes, spotted at public engagements in brands like Manolo Blahnik and Stuart Weitzman. But, like sister-in-law Kate Middleton, Meghan also recycles a good amount of her heels, mixing and matching her favorites with her midi dresses. The Duchess of Sussex has her go-to pumps for special occasions (Aquazzura) and sandals or sneakers (Veja) for more laidback outings. Though I doubt Meghan will participate in MarieClaire.com's Item I Wear to Death series—a girl can wish—because she's not afraid of a repeat-wear, it's easy to identify the few brands she holds dear to her heart. Find out what they are, ahead, then shop styles from her favorite brands directly. Meghan always turns to Aquazzura for the important events in her life. She wore them on her wedding day, on her first royal tour, and to her first Young Leaders Awards Ceremony. The high-end Italian footwear designer makes everything from knee-high suede boots to the bow-adorned "Deneuve" pumps the Duchess of Sussex loves. She has worn the latter style several times to public events and even to weddings. Despite the steep heel height and pointed-toe fit, cushioned insoles make these velvety smooth suede shoes surprisingly comfortable. The Duchess of Sussex started wearing Sarah Flint long before she became a royal. Meghan was spotted in flats—cute, versatile, and ladylike—from the brand in 2017, when she made her first public appearance with Prince Harry at the Invictus Games. Though we've yet to see her back in those very flats, this year she has worn Sarah Flint sandals and the brand's tortoiseshell heel pumps multiple times. It appears the Duchess is on her way to owning every single style from the shoe brand. You've seen just about every celebrity wear a pair of Stuart Weitzman heels on the red carpet. Meghan's no different, wearing hers to charity events and around Kensington Palace. Stuart Weitzman's open-toe heel is a popular style among Hollywood types, but Meghan prefers a pair of closed-toe pumps in beige. (Because I can't imagine her or Kate Middleton ever flashing all ten toes in Queen Elizabeth's presence.) She packed this everyday option with her when she embarked on her 16-day royal tour, and even brought along a pair of black boots from the label. Kate's worn the American brand on multiple occasions, too. What do Carrie Bradshaw and Meghan have in common? A mutual love for their Manolo Blahniks. The Duchess of Sussex owns the footwear label's signature BB pump in several colors: black, gray, and beige. (The heel was first introduced in 2008 and is named after Brigitte Bardot.) It's a classic pointy-toe pump with a wrapped stiletto heel. We have yet to see the Duchess of Sussex wear the flashier version adorned with a crystal buckle, instead sticking to plain colors and embellishment-free footwear. (Much to Carrie's disappointment, I'm sure.)We've seen Meghan wear sneakers twice since becoming the Duchess of Sussex, both times during the royal tour in October. She wore a pair of vegan kicks by Stella McCartney x Adidas and a pair of white sneakers by Veja. The French sneaker brand might not be too familiar to some, but it's rather affordable and prides itself on creating sustainable shoes. This appears to be something Meghan cares about, as she has worn several small, ethical fashion labels, including Maggie Marilyn, Outland Denim, and Reformation. Keep an eye on the Duchess and her eco-friendly fashion choices as we head into 2019. There will be more.Meghan's assortment of heels includes pairs by British designer Tamara Mellon, who has been running her eponymous footwear line since 2013. The former chief creative officer and co-founder of Jimmy Choo designs it all, from western-inspired boots to strappy sandals. The Duchess of Sussex chose the rather distinguished paramour style  in April and wore the label again in October. That time, she chose a beige heel to go with her olive-colored Brandon Maxwell shirtdress.For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter. SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Over the weekend, Serena Williams announced an exciting component to her eponymous fashion line: The addition of sizes beyond XL. Williams, who launched Serena back in May 2018, partnered with Neighborhood Goods, a Dallas-based retail company, for this new announcement. (Williams' Serena line is already offered on the Neighborhood Goods website.)Instead of referring to this new collection as "plus size" or calling it "extended sizes," Williams has a fresh take on the nomenclature. She's calling it Great. "I got tired of the word 'plus.' I don't want to be 'plus.' I want to be great," Williams, who, herself, is in-between sizes, tells MarieClaire.com. "I want other women to feel that way too. I wanted to make clothes that would fit a curvy women and have them feel great, let's focus on that." The Serena Great Collection launched with pieces in sizes 1X to 3X (dress sizes 14 to 24). On Neighborhood Goods and Williams' own website, you'll find casual black leggings, a sequin skirt for holiday parties, and a chic ruched dress. Though the selections are limited right now, this appears to be her first step towards launching more clothes in this size category. You can shop the Great Collection, below.Prices for the new collection remain the same as her current offerings—all under $200—a point Williams emphasized during our conversation. "It’s important to me to have high quality pieces without them costing $500," she tells me. "I personally love fast fashion, it's fun fashion, but there is nothing out there like that with amazing quality that lasts forever, so I'm creating it." The journey to designing her own fashion line hasn't been easy, however, as Williams noted in an Instagram post back in May. When I bring this up, Williams shares with me that while it was discouraging for people in the fashion industry to tell her "no," she didn't let that stop her for building a line. Instead, she "cut out the middleman," and went for a "direct-to-consumer approach," by launching her fashion line herself. The approach, clearly, was successful.  They say life is about timing. I learned this lesson at age 18, when I chose to play a light tennis schedule because I wanted to go to fashion school. Some criticized my decision, but I knew I had two loves--tennis and fashion--and had to find a way to make them coexist. After 15 years of false starts, and people in fashion telling me "no," it only only drove me to work harder. As a result, I discovered what it meant to invest in myself, and I allowed that belief in myself to drive me to reach my dream.  Today, I am proud to launch @serena , my own online shop. Never stop believing in yourself, you're worth it. #BeSeenBeHeardA post shared by  Serena Williams (@serenawilliams) on May 30, 2018 at 6:00am PDTWhen I ask the star what advice she'd give to other women being told no in the pursuit of their dreams, Williams says, "You can’t let that word discourage you. You have to believe that you can do it, that this can work. Turn something negative into a positive."  This determination to bring the best fashion possible to her customers of all sizes is what makes Serena and her namesake clothing line so...Great.   For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			But she still kept her look cool and casual.It’s the most wonderful time of the year, and not just because it’s nearly Christmas. As well as the lights, the elves, and the presents, there’s also been an unexpected sighting of notoriously private A-lister, Katie Holmes. The star usually shuns all things glitz and glamor in favor of a quiet life with her daughter, Suri Cruise, and boyfriend, Jamie Foxx. But, this weekend, the 39-year-old actress took to the spotlight and made a rare red carpet appearance.Pulling out the "not like a regular mom, but a cool mom" card, Katie attended the iHeartRadio Jingle Ball concert in New York City with 12-year-old Suri and her two best friends in tow. While the girls received the VIP treatment backstage to see the show, the Dawson’s Creek star took to the red carpet in a cool and casual outfit.In keeping with her usual, effortlessly chic style, Katie wore the perfect, holiday-but-not-too-festive, semi-sheer top with gathered embroidered detail and ruffled edging. She teamed the black blouse with straight leg white jeans, and made a statement with her pointed, snake print boots.Now somewhat of a Jingle Ball regular, Katie also took her daughter to the same event this time last year. The pair made a surprise appearance on stage especially to introduce Suri’s favorite artist Taylor Swift, who was the headline performer of the evening. This year (presumably because most 12-year-olds can’t think of much worse than appearing on stage with their mom), Katie went solo to say hi to crowds, in between a musical lineup that included Cardi B, Camila Cabello, and Dua Lipa.I’m mostly just interested to know how she’s made her hair grow so freakin’ quickly in just the space of a year… From pixie cut to shoulder length beach waves in twelve months?! What’s the secret, Katie?For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's okay—buy yourself something, too.The season of gift giving is also the season of PB&J eating for some. Buying presents, flights home...those credit card charges can add up quickly! Our advice? Give yourself a limit—spend no more than $100 on any gift. There are plenty of stylish pieces for $99 or less just waiting to be scooped up—we've found 25 of them, ahead! The best part: You may even still have some cash leftover with which to treat yourself. For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here). Halogen x Atlantic-Pacific cashmere lined gloves, $99SHOP IT Fashion influencer Blair Eadie partnered with Halogen to create a sophisticated collection. First up, these Insta-worthy leather gloves, lined with cashmere and available in two colors (the other being lavender) to suit your wardrobe needs. I'm going to buy a pair for my mom and for myself, thanks. BÉIS multi function duffel bag, $83SHOP ITShay Mitchell officially launched her lifestyle brand, and first on the must-have list from it is this black duffel bag perfect for weekend getaways, the star is a travel aficionado, after all.Pretty Little Thing puffer jacket, $68SHOP ITThe trendsetter in your life will be pleasantly surprised when you gift her this vinyl puffer jacket. It looks super chic and is also super affordable (not that she has to know). She'll be ecstatic to own this season's It jacket.  Chasing Paper x ban.do print, $30SHOP ITFor the ambitious lady in your life, gift her this fun print that celebrates her go-getter personality. Every time she looks at this on her desk or wall, she’ll be reminded of your support. For an extra something special on the side, select an item from the pic and buy that for her too! I’d pick the notepad, as a new iPhone is definitely out of my budget. Sincerely Jules by Scünci headband, $10SHOP ITKeep the wind from blowing hair into your face with this simple and chic black headband. It's quite Blair Waldorf-esque, but without the luxe price tag. Now that you've fully convinced yourself to buy one, get one for your BFF so you guys can match. Stone and Strand double number stud, $95SHOP ITWhat's her lucky number? Have it made into a pair of earrings from Stone and Strand. The jewelry is crafted from 14k solid gold and elegant enough that she can wear for numerous occasions. Keds x Rifle Paper Co. sneakers, $70SHOP ITFor the friends consumed by wanderlust, gift them these sneakers, featuring travel landmarks from around the world. Your friend will definitely make space for these in her suitcase, so it's like a piece of you went on the trip too. Gift Boutique jewelry tray, $20SHOP ITHelp keep her accessories organized with this functional jewelry holder that does double-duty as beautiful decor. She'll have fun picking which earrings, rings, or necklaces to display. Not a jewelry gal? The tray also works well for candle collections or perfumes. AE x Me perfume, $15SHOP ITI love these fully customizable perfume bottles from American Eagle! Print your favorite photo of the gift recipient and slip it into the slot on the front. AE offers four different scents (like "soft focus," a mix of sheer musk, vanilla bean, and sandal wood), which means not only is the image personalized, but the fragrance is, too. Sunnylife travel set, $22SHOP ITThis chic travel set includes an eye mask, travel pillow cover, inflatable pillow, ear plugs, and drawstring bag to keep it all in one place. Whoever receives this will have a smooth and (hopefully) sleep-filled flight.Forever 21 marble print iPhone case, $7SHOP ITWho doesn't need a new iPhone case? This marble one from Forever 21 (compatible with multiple iPhone versions) looks more expensive than it is, making for a winning stocking stuffer. Don't forget to get her a screen protector too!Kate Spade New York ma chérie taxi studs, $48SHOP ITMay New York City never be far from her mind. These taxi studs are designed to evoke memories of the Big Apple and add a touch of whimsy to a simple sweater-and-jeans. The next time she hops into a cab, the earrings may just be the perfect conversation starter. EMU Australia slippers, $60SHOP ITThese plushy slippers from EMU Australia are made with Aussie sheepskin, so you know they'll warm up your frozen toes in no time. Will your feet also feel like they're walking on clouds? Probably. BAGGU triple set, $30SHOP ITYour environmentally-conscious friends (so all of them, right?!) will absolutely love these re-useable nylon bags from BAGGU. They can be used as grocery bags or regular day totes and come in a set of three to hold all your belongings (and suit your wardrobe needs). Lively the mesh trim bralette, $35SHOP ITGift yourself something nice this season—even if no one else knows. This printed bralette from Lively is incredibly comfortable (I own two already) and layers nicely under winter sweaters.The Laundress stain removal kit, $40SHOP IT This stain removal kit—including plant-derived stain remover solution and a wash & stain bar, which will get those dirty spots out of white tees asap—is a practical fashion gift no one minds receiving. Give one to your clumsiest friend.Uncommon James, $42SHOP IT We all know someone who's still obsessed with Laguna Beach (and that person might be you!). For her, there's this ring, designed by Kristin Cavallari. Wear it as a single band or stack three at a time for a statement look.Boy Smells candle set, $44SHOP ITFashion girls, okay anyone, would be obsessed with these pretty candles. Boy Smells pink-and-black packaging makes it perfect for displaying on your coffee table, vanity, or bookshelf. (If she loves Diptyque, she'll love these candles too.)Finders Keepers x Quay all night sunglasses, $60SHOP IT For the friend who is escaping the dreaded December cold with a trip to the tropics—we're totally happy for her and not at all jealous—wrap up these cat-eye sunglasses. The pink pearl accented frames and brown lenses are trendy, stylish, and affordable at $60. Pair with a peach daiquiri. Naadam olive beanie, $65SHOP ITThere's a reason hats, scarves, and gloves make good gifts: they're a necessity—but not a boring one. Make sure she stays warm and cozy with this olive beanie from Naadam. The cold never bothered her anyway. Burton luxemore leggings, $70SHOP ITAll your friends will love these activewear leggings, regardless of whether they work out or not. (Who doesn't love the gift of comfort?) The bottoms are designed with four-way stretch fabric, a moisture-wicking finish, and come with a waistband stash pocket to keep your essentials close. Basically, these leggings do it all. The Daily Edited wallet, $80SHOP ITAdd monogramming and a practical wallet instantly becomes more personalized and special. You can't see it in this photo, but the front flap opens up to a zip compartment and card slots inside. Saturday School quilted sweatshirt, $88SHOP ITWhen your friends start to move away from NYC, gift them this graphic top as a reminder that there's no other place like it. We suggest they style with black jeans and black boots for that quintessential New Yorker look. Linda Farrow max bear, $58SHOP IT Move aside balloon dog, Max the bear is my new coffee table/bookshelf conversation piece. This silver figurine is a sunglasses holder, but I think I'll put my optical frames on it. I tend to misplace those, but Max can keep them safe (and in one spot) for me. Hat attack mini fuzzy bag, $77SHOP ITCalling all Harry Potter fans: This handbag is giving us Hermione Granger vibes. Despite its small size, it holds a lot more than you think. So far I've managed to stick an umbrella, water bottle, wallet, and keys into it. Anyone who loves mini bags will tell you this is a miracle—and a must have. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			We’ve been tracking Amazon’s 12 days of deals and today it finally landed on the fashion section (!!). Some deals include: up to 30 percent off shoes and handbags, 30 percent off Kylie and Kendall Jenner’s namesake fashion line, and 50 percent off J.Crew’s Mercantile line. (Amazon partnered with the retailer back in September to launch this lower-price diffusion line for both women and men.)Everything that you love about J.Crew, from its basic white button-downs to neutral-colored sweaters, are available on Amazon, including this sleek wool coat. The outerwear comes in seven different colors and has a high neck collar design and a hidden zipper. These details make the coat look completely tailored and sophisticated, perfect for wearing to the office. And it's also on sale for $64, which is practically a steal. Though the coat is my favorite piece from the Mercantile line, after browsing through the selections, I also felt myself eyeing the tees and sweaters. I told myself I don't need anymore winter sweaters or white t-shirts, but the J.Crew one is only $8...so I'm buying it.   The coat:More discounted selections from the J.Crew Mercantile line:For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter. SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Kate Middleton's latest outfit this week for an engagement with William—the to-die-for Emily Wickstead plaid midi skirt and perfectly tailored Brora black button up cardigan—was perfect for the holidays. But, as it turns out, Princess Kate's love affair with plaid is actually long and well-documented. Per People, Kate actually wore a similar red skirt with a black blazer and boots a decade ago, styled in almost exactly the same way. Kate loves plaid and has been steadily ramping up her strategic use of the classic, yet stylish pattern since then. Just take a look at some of her plaid outfits over the years (and shop similar pieces below).  As seen from the snap above, where Kate's in a plaid skirt and on her phone (before she married William), the Duchess of Cambridge has come into her own style. From the way she holds her bag, to her posture, to the improvement of the fit and style of her outfits, she's really evolved. (I'm sure having a royal clothes budget helps.)In 2012, Kate showed off this green and blue number at St. Andrew's Day at St. Andrew's School, which she actually attended as a child.Kate loves a coat-dress—in this case, a navy and beige one she wore in 2013 to tour the Emirates Arena with William. Polished in navy and pink, Kate tours the National Football Stadium in Manchester in 2016. For Christmas 2017, Kate was full of holiday cheer (look at that hat!) for Christmas Day Church service at St. Mary Magdalene in red and green. Finally, last week's outfit: Now that's a plaid style evolution.  For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE NOW		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Top bridal designers tell MarieClaire.com which gorgeous details will be on their gowns next year.He or she proposed, you said yes, and now it's time to choose The Dress. For some brides, they find the perfect strapless, tulle ball gown in a matter of weeks. For others, it's only after months and months of Pinterest deep dives and shopping trips that they finally nail their ideal look. The journey to buying your dream dress can be difficult and, often times, emotional. (At least from the tears I've witnessed on Say Yes to the Dress.) To make your search less stressful, start by ID'ing the latest bridal trends. Checking out what went down the runway can give you a good idea of designs you definitely want and details you can possibly do without for your walk down the aisle. (Heavy crystal beading not for you? That's okay!) In order to give you a better idea of what you can expect to see in bridal salons across the country last year, I went straight to the source: top bridal designers themselves, including the creatives at Monique Lhullier, Lela Rose, and more. Ahead, they share their predictions for the hottest wedding dress trends of spring 2019. Oh, and congrats!"The Duchess of Sussex has long been a source of inspiration. Her classic, effortless, and chic style coupled with all the excitement leading up to her wedding day inspired my spring 2019 bridal collection. The body-hugging silhouettes dripping with ornate crystal beadwork were inspired by tiaras and crown jewels while baroque scroll work informed the rich and opulent embroideries and gilded tapestry brocades. I felt capes were a regal alternative to the traditional veil." — Don O'Neill, Theia creative director"You will see more and more dress designs emphasizing the collar bones. Romantic off-the-shoulder necklines, off-the-shoulder sleeves, and detailed straps will be the dominant neckline trend." — Sharon Sever, Galia Lahav head designer"Spring 2019 is about clean, minimal embellishments with a focus on new silhouettes. From a sleek silk crepe column gown with voluminous sleeves to natural waists, sculpted necklines, and structured skirts, to a show-stopping v-neck lace open back with cathedral length train." — Monique Lhuillier, Creative director and designer "Long sleeve dresses are feminine and traditional, but also elegant and simple. It's a classic silhouette that will never go out of style. As for the backs, a dramatic watteau design adds a surprise element to your gown." — Lela Rose, designer For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			At first, you might not even notice the clothes from Monse's pre-fall 2019 collection. You'll be too busy gazing at that adorably pudgy French bulldog, or maybe that Lab/retriever mix duo. The dogs are part of a photo shoot conjured up by Laura Kim and Fernando Garcia of Monse. For their latest collection, the designers bridged the brand's love of animals and fashion by partnering with six different animal shelters around New York City (Animal Haven, Best Friends Animal Society, Bideawee, Rescue City, Rescue Dogs Rock, and Social Tees Animal Rescue).Models, dressed in the label's collegiate-style sweaters and asymmetrical navy blazers, posed with over 30 rescue dogs in need of homes for the campaign.The dog theme doesn't end there: The designers are also working on a product collaboration with Disney, which will feature Mickey Mouse's best friend Pluto. The collab, expected to launch in May along with the pre-fall '19 collection, will feature pieces like silk twill cardigans, cotton shirting, and limited edition denim styles. There will also be a short film by Fabian Constant featuring Monse muse Dilone and Monse's own office dog Louise.  While you wait for the full pre-fall and Pluto collections to officially drop, select Monse pieces (for dogs and humans) are available to purchase online, with 100 percent of the gross proceeds being distributed across the six animal rescue organizations. Go buy some clothes and save some furry pals.For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.  SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Yesterday, Meghan Markle attended a meeting with The Association of Commonwealth Universities at King’s College London, where she discussed the role of higher education. Though the gathering was closed to the public, Kensington Palace shared a photo of the royal at work, discussing issues like human trafficking, modern slavery, gender equality, peace and reconciliation, and climate change. Markle was pictured wearing a black dress with a wool coat draped over her shoulders. (She also debuted what appeared to be a haircut.) While we don't have much information on her dress, we do know Meghan's beige coat is from Canadian brand Aritzia. (Before she became a royal, Meghan lived in Canada for a period of time while filming her show Suits.) Markle has worn the label several times before, including earlier this year when she and Prince Harry visited some of the participants in the Invictus Games. The label has become one of Meghan's favorites, which makes sense because it offers tailored, sophisticated preppy basics. Her exact coat is still available to shop, but it also comes in two other colors should you have enough beige/blush outerwear in your wardrobe. The Duchess of Sussex, however, loves sticking to neutral hues. The Duchess of Sussex yesterday attended a meeting with The Association of Commonwealth Universities (ACU) at King’s College London. Her Royal Highness joined university leaders, academics and international scholarship students as they discussed the role of higher education in addressing issues such as human trafficking, modern slavery, gender equality, peace and reconciliation, and climate change.  In a speech during the Royal Visit to Fiji in October, The Duchess announced two ACU Gender Grants for the University of the South Pacific and Fiji National University, to fund new learning initiatives aimed at empowering female university staff and promoting gender equality.A post shared by  Kensington Palace (@kensingtonroyal) on Dec 6, 2018 at 3:03am PSTIf you need more beige outerwear options, check out the ones below, too. For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.  SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			They share a love for shoes Queen E reportedly hates.Ever since Meghan Markle became a Windsor, royal watchers have been speculating that her style would morph into Kate Middleton’s. It has not...at least not completely. Meghan’s set herself apart from the Duchess of Cambridge by embracing pantsuits, contemporary dresses, and the color black (royals typically don’t wear this hue unless it’s for mourning). But just because the two ladies don’t share the exact same taste in clothes, that doesn't mean their fashion choices haven't been rubbing off on each other. It'd be hard for it not to: the sisters-in-law currently live in close proximity to each other and Kate has shared a list of her favorite U.K. designers and fashion protocols with Meghan. (Case in point: Both duchesses have been spotted in the espadrille wedge—a shoe Queen Elizabeth reportedly detests.) There are situations where we wonder who stole whose look first. Ahead, 11 times the duchesses accidentally twinned.For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here). Last month, the duchesses attended separate events, miles away from each other, but still stepped out in similar burgundy ensembles. Meghan's dress and coat were from Club Monaco while Kate wore a Paule Ka skirt suit, which she's had since 2012. The two even chose black tights and black boots (a Givenchy bootie for Meghan) to complete their looks. Which outfit did you like better? Actually, don't answer that. They both looked great.Who looks better in yellow? We honestly don't know. The Duchess of Cambridge attended the Wimbledon games in 2018 while wearing this cap-sleeve shift dress by Dolce and Gabbana. A few weeks prior, Meghan wore a Brandon Maxwell yellow midi dress while attending a reception for the Commonwealth Secretariats Youth Leadership Workshop. Meghan went for the sleeveless style, of course, whereas Kate stuck to a more covered-up look.One print, two different ways to wear it. Meghan's known for her off-the-shoulder necklines, so it wasn't a surprise she chose this plaid jacket from Theory for a visit to Wales in 2018. Kate's way to rock this print was with a coat dress from none other than Alexander McQueen.  One pair of jeans you'll find in both Meghan and Kate's closet is black skinnies. The Duchess of Cambridge prefers denim brands like Paige and Zara, while the Duchess of Sussex wears labels like Mother and Outland Denim. They're not the only royals to work these pedestrian bottoms into their posh closets, here's a list of other princesses and queens who have found their beloved jeans.Don't look Queen Elizabeth! Both Meghan and Kate love their wedge espadrilles and have yet to get rid of them despite rumors that the Queen hates them. Kate has had her pair of Monsoon "Fleur" wedges since 2016. Meghan likes the ones by Castañer—the same brand Pippa Middleton loves. I can see why the ladies won't quit them: Wedges are 100 times more comfortable than pointy stilettos. Both Duchesses have sported colorful, printed dresses (rather different from their day-to-day royal wardrobes) while visiting other countries. Kate wore this patterned Jenny Packham three-quarter sleeve dress during a visit to Mumbai, India, in 2016; Meghan wore a ruffled pom-pom creation by Figue for her recent visit to Fiji. They even both trekked across the grass in...you guessed it...wedges. Kate wore a green tartan dress coat by Alexander McQueen in 2012. More recently, Meghan stepped out in an eerily similar printed green coat by Burberry while visiting Edinburgh Castle. If this isn't proof of tartan's longevity, I don't know what is. It's a classic print. Before the world found out Meghan Markle and Prince Harry were dating, she was just another actress appearing on the Today Show. For her on-camera moment in 2016, she wore this Jill Stuart red midi dress. That same year, the Duchess of Cambridge debuted this number by Preen at a reception in Canada. While Kate’s midi dress had an asymmetrical neckline, the lengths and cuts are verrry similar. And the choice, for both, speaks volumes about their confidence to wear such a bold color. For the 2018 Commonwealth Day service at Westminster Abbey, the duchesses wore different ensembles, but matched their shoes: navy pumps. Their footwear was from different designers. Meghan wore a pair by Manolo Blahnik, while Kate's shoes are by Rupert Sanderson. The two heels looked nearly identical though and this is likely a staple shoe in both their wardrobes.Meghan and Kate are no strangers to Canadian brand Sentaler. The Duchess of Cambridge's stylist picked out this periwinkle wrap jacket while Kate was on a royal tour of Canada in 2016. A year later, when Meghan attended a Christmas Day church service with the royal family, she debuted a similar belted outerwear. Her beige coat is longer but features the same ribbed designs on the sleeves.What you're seeing here is Diane von Furstenberg's lace dress in two different cuts. Kate chose the long black gown for a gala dinner in 2017 whereas Meghan donned a mini version in 2012 to walk the red carpet. This is proof that the ladies can wear the same brand, but still make it their own.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			A new era of Marc Jacobs is coming. On Wednesday, Women's Wear Daily announced the designer will launch a new label called The Marc Jacobs, which will debut with pre-fall 2019 designs. Unlike its runway counterpart, The Marc Jacobs will be offered at a more affordable price point, though we still don't know what that will look like.This will serve as excellent news for those who loved Jacob's other lower-priced diffusion line, Marc by Marc Jacobs, which was sadly discontinued in 2015. (I still use my wallet from there every single day!) Not much information has been released about The Marc Jacobs line, but we can expect to see rugby striped sweaters, wide-leg corduroy pants, and accessories. Jacobs also hired Russian stylist Lotta Volkova for the new brand's look book (she's worked with Demna Gvasalia on Vetements and Balenciaga), which was shot by Hugo Scott, an important person to Jacobs’ in-house creative team.  The Marc Jacobs comes at a crucial time as Jacobs' namesake brand struggles with sales decline, including the closing of stores, and even rumors that he would leave his own label. Can this new brand save Marc Jacobs? I hope so.For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter. SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Last night, Karl Lagerfeld hosted his 2018/2019 Chanel Métiers d’Art runway show in New York City.  (The show is traditionally held outside of the fashion week schedule as a way to showcase the craftsmanship and work of Chanel's specialized ateliers.) The theme for this year's collection was inspired by ancient Egypt and appropriately held at the Temple of Dendur room in the Metropolitan Museum of Art. Models walked the runway in gilded skirt suits, cocktail dresses, and gold footwear that blended in with their gold-spray painted legs. Here, 11 things to know about Lagerfeld's latest extravaganza.  Specifically, around the Temple of Dendur, which was built by the Roman governor of Egypt, Petronius, in 15 BC.Marion Cotillard, Penélope Cruz, Blake Lively, Diane Kruger, Margot Robbie, and Sadie Sink were there.To match their boots, of course.The more gold, the better.The musician and producer has a special bond with Karl Lagerfeld, having created music together and collaborated on a capsule collection. Williams wore a gold bouclé top with a chainmail neck design, gold trousers, and gold boots.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			All about that athleisure life.Sneakers are more of a staple in fashion girls' wardrobes than ever before. As a child I had one pair of sneakers…from Payless. Now, I have more than six different not-for-exercising styles in my closet. And it seems I'll only be collecting more: Season after season, new iterations of our favorite kicks are reimagined in new colors and updated designs. Take Demna Gvasalia of Balenciaga's "dad sneakers," which were released earlier this year. The shoes are reminiscent of the Skechers you—or your father—might have worn in the '90s. Its triple S design wrought a host of lookalikes by other brands and just like that, the fashion crowd embraced the chunky shoes with open arms. (It took me a few months, but now I, too, own a pair of dad sneaks.) While this may very well be the It shoe of 2018, it's not the only sneaker on my must-have list. Think: fancy logo-embossed kicks and everyday merino wool sneakers (thanks Allbirds). Once you've had your fill of the most stylish picks, below, check out the comfiest pairs—they're all approved by footwear experts.For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here).Gola low-top sneaker, $65SHOP ITVelcro sneakers aren't just for kids, they're for lazy adults like myself, too. When I'm in a rush, tangled laces are the bane of my existence, hence my full-fledge support for this velcro pair from Gola that doesn't look child-like at all.Veja leather sneaker, $150SHOP ITMeghan Markle wore these Veja sneakers in October during the royal tour, which instantly made them a must-have for royal watchers. Fortunately, the "Meghan Effect," hasn't completely caused a shortage in this black color. The French brand puts a huge focus on environmental sustainability, so, you know, that can be your reason for buying them. Golden Goose superstar sneaker, $600SHOP ITThe combination of all the different animal prints, somehow, works together. When the rest of your outfit is plain, wear this ridiculously patterned sneaker to give your ensemble a little personality—guarantee it has more than any other shoe in your closet.Marc Fisher Janette sneaker, $130SHOP ITThis designer footwear merges the sock-sneaker with espadrilles for a unique shoe that's both casual and athletic and can be worn with virtually any outfit in your closet. I'm thinking with this Misa dress?They New York two-tone sneaker, $251SHOP ITMinimalists will love these two-toned sneakers' simple yet elevated design—one level up from your all-white shoes. The footwear is crafted from luxurious leather and is surprisingly lightweight, perfect for touring whatever city you're headed to for vacation.Nike VaporMax sneaker, $190SHOP ITNike's VaporMax sneakers have a space-age quality to them thanks to their transparent bubble soles. The runner's shoe is designed with a comfortable cushioned fit, sturdy support, and plenty of traction. You'll find yourself slipping into these kicks even when you're not training for a race.Tory Burch sock performance sneaker, $208SHOP ITSock sneakers are like cozy knitted blankets for your feet. They're so comfortable, you can wear them with or without actual socks, though I prefer to wear mine with. Usually comfort isn't stylish (and vice versa), but these pair well with fully half my wardrobe (and elevate those looks too).Fenty x Puma avid sneaker, $98SHOP IT The central cutout may seem odd, but is actually practical when you think about it: 1. It lets your feet breathe (fresh air!) so they won't get sweaty or smelly since socks are sort of a no-go in these. And 2. your feet can get some sun. Though, I do recommend wearing sunscreen in that area—no one wants patchy tan lines (or skin cancer). Fendi sneaker, $690SHOP ITIf you're a sneaker fanatic, designer kicks are worth the investment. And this season make your splurge these Fendi slip-ons. The embossed logo-strap and pearl buckle design are some of the fancy features you get for that price.Ash dad sneaker, $275SHOP ITIt took a few months, but I’ve finally come around to dad sneakers, especially if they're very bold design is tempered by a subtle color, like this pair by Ash. The all-white kicks look great with baggy mom jeans or under a breezy maxi dress for your December vacation. Allbirds wool runner, $95SHOP ITMade from superfine merino wool, Allbirds' sneakers are celebrated for their all-around comfort and sustainable design. (Each pair of shoe laces is created from one old plastic bottle!) These machine-washable sneakers are the everyday shoes you'll be relieved to have in your closet.Marc Jacobs sneaker, $175SHOP ITMake a splashy entrance with Marc Jacobs' "love" embroidered sneakers. The red, blue, yellow, gold, and black tones are a treat for the eyes—and your wardrobe. Wear a plain outfit, so the shoes can shine on their own.Off-White sneaker, $685SHOP ITThere's no mistaking Off-White sneakers for another brand. Virgil Abloh's creations have become a streetwear crowd pleaser, especially his shoes with the iconic orange zip ties. Now that he's the artistic director of Louis Vuitton's menswear, expect to see more sought-after pieces by the designer on the feet of fashion's most fashionable. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Meaningful, not cheesy.  For a gift to stand out nowadays, it has to have something extra. It has to have meaning. Whether that's initials stamped on a wallet or coordinates engraved on a bracelet, these special touches make the gift you're presenting that much more special. It's like the item was made specifically for the recipient (it kinda was). Personalization has been named a key fashion industry theme for 2018, with many retailers offering some form of customization, whether that's on a denim jacket or gold signet ring. "[People] want to express themselves any way they can. They want to make their pieces theirs," Wes Ng, CEO of Casetify, a brand known for monogrammed iPhone cases, told Shopify when asked about the trend. Of course, customized pieces can easily veer into cheesy territory (the horror!). Blessedly, the 14 monogrammed gifts, ahead, all pass the elegance test.For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here). For the writers, dreamers, and planners of the world, a journal is never a disappointing gift. Ensure they'll be even more excited by adding the recipient's name to the front cover or their favorite book quote. As for the inside, you can choose between line and unlined pages. Replace his or her scuffed up wallet with this sleek black one. You can personalize it with the person's name or their most used emojis (yes, for real. Welcome to the Instagram Era). With a zip pocket and enough slots for all your cards, this minimalist accessory maximizes practicality. A must gift for the holidays.  So your giftee loves to host wine night and dinner parties? Help her be the hostess with the mostess by gifting this marble cheese and fruit board engraved with her first initial. Every time she throws a party, her guests will gather round this expensive-looking statement piece—and not just because that's where the delicious food is. Celebrate the special relationship you have with your mom by gifting her this diamond bar ring made from 14k gold. The engraving is small and personal, simple enough for her to wear every day.  Ralph Lauren's create-your-own shop lets you add a unique touch to everything from button-down shirts to baseball caps this season. This hat comes in seven different colors and can be customized with any of RL's classic logos (the martini bear is speaking my language). Wear with a preppy cardigan and jeans. In need of a last-minute stocking stuffer? J.Crew's passport holder saves the day. It's one of those items you never think to buy for yourself, but it sure does come in handy once someone gives it to you. The case opens up to reveal two big pockets and a place for your ID or credit cards. A button clasp protects all your documents.I hate having a wallet bulging with coins, so I keep my change in a tiny leather pouch like this one. If you never carry cash, stash your earphones or adapters in it instead, so they don't get lost at the bottom of your bag or crushed under your laptop. Rather than using ready-made fonts, Sincerely Jewelry allows you to upload your own John Hancock on its website and turn it into a bracelet or necklace. The signature—in more ways than one—piece is then crafted in solid gold or combined with precious stones. This nifty process takes personalization to a whole new level and pieces start at $500 and up.The candle collector in your life will appreciate this personalized Anthropologie piece. The rose gold initialing on the front is subtle and simple—ready for display on any coffee table or bookshelf. Cables and headphones are the first things to get tangled in those oversize tote bags. Help yourself or your BFF stay organized with a customized and durable deerskin leather plug and cable holder. No one will walk away with your charger again. The Giving Keys is about more than just cute jewelry, it's about paying it forward. The brand encourages you to wear/embrace your accessory then pass it on to someone who needs it more. This 14k gold pendant can be worn without an engraving or personalized for someone special in your life. Every piece is hand-stamped and assembled in Downtown Los Angeles by people transitioning out of homelessness.Plane rides aren't comfortable, so make their next flight a lot more cozy with this three-piece cashmere travel set, which includes a drawstring cashmere bag with silk lining, an eye mask, and a cozy throw blanket (so they don't have to use the scratchy ones on the plane). Personalize it by adding the gift recipient's name or initials. Rather than names or initials, trying personalizing with the geographical coordinates of a place special to her (or both of you!), like where you had your first date or her hometown—she'll be throughly surprised. The Daily Edited offers a bunch of bags for you to monogram, but my favorite is this crossbody trunk. It's sturdy, has lovely gold accents, and looks regal—it's something I can see Meghan Markle wearing. Gift this to her and she'll say "bye" to all her other black purses. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			On Tuesday, Prince William and Kate Middleton hosted a holiday-themed party at Kensington Palace for families and children of deployed personnel from RAF Coningsby and RAF Marham serving in Cyprus. While Prince William wore a navy pullover with a collared button-down and slacks, Kate decided to look a tad more festive. The Duchess of Cambridge chose a seasonal Emilia Wickstead tartan skirt to pair with her cropped Brora cashmere cardigan. She accessorized with Mappin & Webb earrings and black boots. (Her red choice in tartan was even reminiscent of a dress Princess Diana wore in 1985.) The bright print spoke to holiday cheer and as the couple walked into the palace's Orangery, "snow" came down on them, making the whole scene that much more merry. The area was also decked out with Christmas trees and other holiday decorations, along with an appearance by Santa because he's a must.Though Kate's exact skirt is sadly sold out, if you want to recreate her party look, we found similar pieces to shop. Consider this a possible outfit option for your company holiday party because it's definitely HR approved. Princess Diana in tartan and Kate in tartan:At the holiday party, children reportedly enjoyed a mix of activities from snow globe decorating to cracker making. Um, can I be invited next year?For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter. SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Priyanka Chopra and Nick Jonas got married over the weekend with not one but two lavish ceremonies honoring their different cultures. Now, photos of Priyanka's wedding dress for the Western portion of the ceremony are here, and the gown is gorgeous. The bride wore a hand-beaded and hand-embroidered Ralph Lauren dress, which featured floral and scroll motifs and lace-effect tulle appliqués with scalloped sleeves and a high-neck collar. The embroidery, which included mother of pearl paillettes, crystal seed beads, and Swarovski crystals took a total of—wait for it—1,826 hours to complete. If you're obsessed with the buttons on her dress (as I am), here's an extra tidbit: The dress itself had 135 satin-covered buttons. Underneath the gown was a strapless column dress made of mother of pearl sequins. In addition, Priyanka had a piece of her mother-in-law’s lace wedding dress sewn into her own wedding gown. The couple took a wedding snap in front of  Umaid Bhawan Palace in Jodhpur and it was there we got a full look at Priyanka's extravagant wedding veil. The Ralph Lauren piece was 75 foot long and hand-stitched into the embroidery design were eight words and phrases, specially chosen by the actress. Ralph Lauren is honored to announce that Priyanka Chopra and Nick Jonas were married wearing custom Ralph Lauren. . The bride’s strapless column dress embellished with pearlescent sequins was overlaid with a hand-embroidered, high-neck coat with scalloped sleeves and satin-covered buttons. The embroidery included eight significant words and phrases selected by the bride, including "Family," "Hope," and "Compassion." . The groom wore a Purple Label double-breasted tuxedo with a piece of the bride's dress hand-embroidered with the Urdu words “My Jaan” (meaning “My Life”) at the interior lapel of the jacket, just over his heart. . The bridesmaids, groomsmen, parents, flower girls, and ring bearer were all dressed in Ralph Lauren for the wedding at the Taj Umaid Bhawan Palace in Jodhpur, India, on December 1, 2018. . Courtesy of @People, on newsstands tomorrow. . (c) Purple Pebble America, LLC and NJJ Entertainment, LLC 2018. . Photograph: Jose Villa/Getty Images . @PriyankaChopra #PriyankaChopra @NickJonas #NickJonas #PriyankaAndNick #RalphLauren #RL50A post shared by  Ralph Lauren (@ralphlauren) on Dec 4, 2018 at 4:03am PSTTo give you a sense of how grand Priyanka's veil was, the length of it was basically 4.5 times longer than her friend Meghan Markle's. (The Duchess of Sussex's wedding veil was 16 foot long.) Meanwhile, Nick looked dashing in a custom Purple Label six-button double-breasted black tuxedo and custom patent lace-up dress shoes. For a special nod to his bride, inside the lapel of the tuxedo, Nick added a small piece of lace from Priyanka's dress. It was embroidered with the Urdu words "My Jaan," which translates to "My Life."   Once upon a fairytale... @nickjonas Link in bio @peopleA post shared by  Priyanka Chopra Jonas (@priyankachopra) on Dec 4, 2018 at 7:12am PSTFor the wedding reception, Priyanka Chopra changed into a Ralph Lauren Collection ivory silk evening gown with beaded neck and shoulders. Though we haven't seen photos of that dress yet, don't worry. I have a feeling the star will post it on her Instagram soon.For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter. SUBSCRIBE HERE 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Fact: 2018 has been a year. And no doubt you're poised to run around all of December looking for thoughtful, ethical, and stylish gifts for everyone on your list. But before you take off, may we suggest a little something for number one? Ahead, seven chic and festive gifts to get you (and only you) in the spirit. Supple-soft leather plus a slouchy silhouette and walkable heel makes these the perfect pull-on, go-anywhere bootie. Unless you're a rockstar with '70s flair running through your veins, cruising the streets in outlandishly cozy outerwear isn't exactly the look. This snuggly sherpa bomber is a tailored, indulgently fuzzy alternative. Absolutely nothing will get you in the spirit for the entire month of December more readily (or effortlessly) than the pine, almond, and amber trio in this festive little set. Oh, you thought holiday jammies were a childhood relic? No ma'am, no sir, you are mistaken. Pick up a classic plaid set and take a cuddly trip down nostalgia lane. Your favorite Timbs all dressed up for the holiday season—here, a ridiculously soft shearling lining gets paired with just enough heel. This is a present worth the credit card swipe (you'll wear everywhere). The "Wedgie" name is memorable, yes, but the fit—flattering, comfortable, appealingly mom-ish—is why we can't stop thinking about these jeans. You could get your significant other's initial, or your child's, or the first letter of your hometown. Our suggestion? Get your own as a way to show yourself love all year through.  		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			This time, the dress is printed with hearts.This weekend was dedicated to the designers. On Saturday, Alexander Wang took over the Williamsburg Savings Bank in Brooklyn, New York, for his Collection 2 drop. And on Sunday, the night belonged to Donatella Versace, who held her pre-fall 2019 runway show at the New York Stock Exchange. For this collection, Donatella drew inspiration from her past collections by revisiting the safety pin collection of Spring 1994 and Jim Dine heart prints from 1997. The designer even sent a plunging neckline dress, featuring the hearts, that was clearly a throwback to Jennifer Lopez's iconic green dress from the 2000 Grammys. To bring it home, Amber Velletta, who originally modeled the tropical printed dress on the 1999 runway, closed the show in the modern-day heart version. Meanwhile Gigi Hadid modeled a Versace logo shirt adorned with safety pins (it'll be available for pre-order on Moda Operandi December 18), Kaia Gerber showed off a safety pin silk skirt, and Liu Wen walked down the runway in a Versace pantsuit set. Guests such as Blake Lively and Kim Kardashian graced the front row to take all the action in. The plunging neckline green dress in 1999 vs. the one from pre-fall 2019It's become known as the "J.Lo dress"For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter. SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			A LOOK at the Versace New York show.Who else is currently staring at a diary packed full of holiday parties, with zero real idea what to wear for any of them? Yep, that would be all of us right now. Luckily, your queen and ours, Blake Lively, is on hand as always to deliver the perfect inspiration, courtesy of her latest look worn to the Versace show, held in New York City for the first time last night.Along with Kim Kardashian West, who opted for a similar metallic moment, Blake made a case for chainmail dresses as the only piece you need to complete your festive, night out wardrobe. Her silver dress was a vintage choice from the Spring/Summer 1999 Versace collection, and made a statement thanks to the delicate halter neck, dramatic backless shape and dipped hemline. And why stick to just one shade of glitter per outfit? A shimmering gold butterfly in the same, signature chainmail fabric for the designer also covered her lower back.Hey, it’s Christmas!, so the Gossip Girl star proved that more is more at this time of year and accessorized with yet more sparkle. Along with a host of statement Lorraine Schwartz jewels, Blake teamed the dress with bedazzled gold Louboutin heels, and huge, voluminous, pinned-back curls for the perfect finishing touch.Arriving for the big show, Blake did luckily remember that it is December right now, and a coat was kind of necessary while spending time outside. Her winter-white coat struck the perfect chord between chic and snuggly—but can we talk about that bag for a second, please? In the shape of a retro cell phone, Blake carried a matching, silver Judith Leiberny Call Me brick phone clutch, which might be the coolest thing I’ve ever seen. Unfortunately, it’ll set you back $5,695—but, alternatively, you could just grab some superglue and bling your dad’s old cell from the 80’s. Never has Disco Ball Chic seemed like such a good idea. Sigh, only Blake Lively.For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for theMarie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			How much does it cost to dress like one of the greatest style icons of all time? Right now, the answer is £100,000—for one dress. That's the going price for an authentic gown that was once worn by Princess Diana during a visit to Bahrain in 1986, during her tour of the Gulf States. The ivory silk gown by David Emanuel (who also designed Diana's wedding dress) isn't the first piece from Diana's personal wardrobe to go on sale—in 2016, for example, The Telegraph reported on three of Diana's dresses that were going up for auction—but this dress has a very unique backstory. Namely? It's not the first time it's gone up for sale. In 1994, the dress was bought by an unnamed thrifter, who paid just £200 for the gown at a secondhand shop. How does that happen? According toThe Mirror, the dress was donated to a secondhand store in Hereford by the housekeeper of Mynde Park estate, where Diana's close friend Caroline Twiston-Davies lived. The woman who bought the dress for £200 reportedly knew that the dress had belonged to the Princess of Wales, but says she didn't realize its "importance" at the time. According to The Mirror, the woman bought the dress to wear to a hunt ball that she never ended up attending. Like so many thrifted dresses before it, the gown sat, unworn, in the woman's closet for years. Recently, the woman was watching a documentary about Diana and saw the royal wearing the gown during her trip to the Gulf States. The gown will be auctioned off by Kerry Taylor Auctions of Bermondsey, South London, and its value has been estimated at between  between £80,000 and £100,000.Auctioneer Kerry Taylor said of the gown's history: So...who wants to go in on this dress? Anyone? 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Get ready for some amazing leather pieces.  On Saturday night, Alexander Wang invited his guests to the Williamsburgh Savings Bank in Brooklyn, New York for his collection 2 show. (Earlier this year, he debuted "Collection 1" in June, which encompassed October through March deliveries.) Collection 2 will be available to shop between April and August. Before the show started, guests mingled in the Christmas-themed lobby and listened to holiday music. Wang, himself, made an appearance prior to the show to announce a special moment. The designer had partnered with PopSockets to create custom grips that would benefit (RED) on World AIDS Day. "Our show just so happened to be on World AIDS Day," he tells MarieClaire.com "I wanted to create a super graphic PopSockets that featured our A emblem...the piece is not only functional and fun, but will help save lives. It's a win-win."After the announcement, guests were ushered downstairs to black rooms with neon red lights. The ominous music soon gave way to models walking down the runway in leather biker shorts, skirts, and hoodies. The Wang logo appeared on all the accessories, from headbands to belts. Models wore their hair straight or in pigtails to represent an "uptown" meets "downtown" girl vibes. Collection 2 was edgy, cool, and quintessentially Wang. "Expect the unexpected, be entertained. We want people to enjoy themselves. We want to awaken the senses," he says. Well, mission accomplished Wang. Here, 11 quick things to know about the show just in case you missed it.For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here). The stage is set. Watch our #Collection2 show LIVE on alexanderwang.com and Instagram Live now.A post shared by  alexanderwang (@alexanderwangny) on Dec 1, 2018 at 4:56pm PST The uptown grandeur. The alexanderwang #Collection2 show is happening now. Watch LIVE on alexanderwang.com and Instagram Live.A post shared by  alexanderwang (@alexanderwangny) on Dec 1, 2018 at 4:55pm PSTGuests mingled in the lobby and listened to holiday music before the show started. Wang partnered with PopSockets to create three limited edition PopSockets to support (RED) in honor of World AIDS Day.  Meet the downtown girl with pigtails sectioned into pieces. This floral leather slip dress was my favorite. They read "Alexander Wang," as did a leather black choker on the runway. This look was reminiscent of Bella Hadid's 2017 Met Gala look. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Winter is coming and there's a whole checklist of things to switch up, replace, and add to the mix. From your beauty routine to your closet, the colder, drier weather means certain favorites need a temporary retirement and brand-new items need to be added in. Here, the faves we'll be adding in to our routines.Uniqlo Women U Sweater, $50SHOP ITBeyond being fantastic with a plain pair of jeans, a crewneck knit is the key to making your summery dresses and skirts work for winter. Pull over a flimsy dress, add knee-high boots, and go.Cetaphil DailyAdvance Lotion, $10SHOP ITMake sure your moisturizing routine isn't limited to your face. A good idea year-round, winter weather makes it especially important to moisturize your entire body (and shea butter will start working instantly).Graham Cashmere Socks, $65SHOP ITSure, slippers are good at keeping toes toasty, but they fail when it's time to curl your legs under you on the couch or bed. Soft cashmere socks are the thing you never knew you couldn't live without.The Pisces by Melissa Broder, $16SHOP ITLess sunlight means earlier nights in to read, right? Prep yourself for the indoors season with stacks of the buzzy books everyone's been talking about—like this out-there love story. Cetaphil Moisturizing Cream, $10SHOP ITJust because a winter wardrobe means limbs are pretty covered, that's not a pass to totally ignore them. Keep super dry areas (think elbows and ankles) from screaming with a cream that goes the distance and locks in moisture for a full 24 hours.Otherland "Kindling" Candle, $36SHOP ITAs the seasons switch, so should your candle of choice. Pick a scent that echoes what's going on outside. We love this combo of smoky wood and spicy clove.Sorel Joan of Arc Wedge Bootie, $200SHOP ITWhether or not your winter weather involves snow, a shoe switch-up is required when temperatures drop. Find a waterproof boot that doesn't give up any of its style and you'll want to wear it everywhere.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			See and shop some of the actress' best looks. Priyanka Chopra—or soon-to-be Mrs. Jonas—is a street style star and a red carpet trendsetter. One of India’s highest-paid Bollywood stars (now a Hollywood star too), Priyanka’s been in the game long enough to develop a strong sense of style. Her outfits waver between sophistication and sexiness, showing just a hint of skin with crop top sets and strapless gowns, while always looking tasteful and pulled together. She loves to wear bright colors and experiment with of-the-moment accessories. See, and shop, some of Priyanka's best outfits ahead.For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here). Break up your winter beiges with a bold red. Instead of pairing her turtleneck sweater with boring jeans, Priyanka wore it with a knee-length leather skirt from LOROD and ankle boots of the same color. Mimi Cuttrell (a stylist who regularly works with Priyanka, Gigi Hadid, Bella Hadid, and more) likely had a hand in picking out this outfit, as colorblocking is a signature of hers.Priyanka wore a feathered dress from Marchesa for her lavish engagement party at Tiffany's in NYC. She's one of the few celebs who has shown support for the brand in the post-Harvey Weinstein era (his ex-wife, Georgina Chapman, runs the line). Regardless of who made the gown, the star looks stunning. For day three of New York Fashion Week, the actress wore a printed blue dress with a ruffled high-neck design. She snuck in a touch of snakeskin print with a belt. The real star of this look, however, is her cool see-through blue sunglasses.All-white outfits look phenomenal—if you can pull them off. Priyanka did so perfectly, here, with a cotton button-down and distressed white jeans. A pair of beige pumps and camel bag tied the neutral outfit together. Priyanka chose a long-sleeve suede shirt dress for The 12th Annual Golden Heart Awards in 2018, but my eyes were on her tiny gold pouch. What can she even fit in there? Certainly not her cellphone. Tiny bags are right on trend for the season, though.A go-to styling trick of Priyanka's is clearly cinching her waist with a belt. Case in point: this red mini shirtdress she wore while out and about in New York City. It's giving us trench coat vibes. Very smart and polished. What does an A-lister choose for date night with her beau? The actress wore an easy two-piece gingham set from A.L.C. with a white Stalvey bag and buckle heels. A red lip added a nice pop of color to her neutral ensemble. This Dion Lee outfit looks fairly modest at first...until you notice the tiny cutouts right on her boobs. The subtle slashes, coupled with a plunging neckline, makes this ensemble downright sexy. I love her white heels and mini purse, too. Damn.If you ask Priyanka, a leather dress, not sweatpants and a hoodie, will bat away the rainy day blues. (She is all-smiles...) She even skipped rainboots in favor of a lace-up ankle bootie. While Nick and Priyanka said they attended the 2017 Met Gala as friends, this was clearly the start of something more. The duo both wore Ralph Lauren creations, but Priyanka's trench coat dress (with detachable train) was truly a spectacular look.A modern take on the tux (mixed with pajama dressing, naturally),  this silky white Ester Abner feathered blazer and trouser set was an excellent choice for the Clive Davis and Recording Academy Pre-Grammy Gala earlier this year. The black bralette isn't a bad touch.Priyanka practically blended in with the Emmys red carpet at the event in 2016. Her red Jason Wu dress was made for twirling in, so of course she gave a few spins for the cameras.  At the 2016 Academy Awards, Priyanka walked the red carpet in a semi-sheer lace dress by Zuhair Murad. The contrasting metallic belt showed off her waistline and the hem pooled around her feet like an icy puddle (anyone else getting Frozen vibes?). She carried a Rauwolf clutch and wore Lorraine Schwartz jewelry. In 2015, Priyanka won the India Style Icon award at a function in New Delhi, India. As proof of her trendsetter ways, the actress wore a pair of silver ankle socks with her white pumps—an unexpected accessory to her metallic dress.   		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			If you haven't heard: Travis Scott is currently on tour promoting his latest album Astroworld, complete with indoor roller coaster and ferris wheel props. (He just had a show this week at Madison Square Garden in NYC.) Since being on tour takes you away from your family, Kylie Jenner has come along for the ride and even brought their baby girl, Stormi, too.On Thursday, Jenner appeared to be doing her own thing while out and about in the city. The 21-year-old didn't wear a coat despite the east coast chills. Instead, she stayed warm in a thick denim jumpsuit by IRO and paired it with snakeskin booties and a shearling-covered Dior saddlebag. Now I've been searching for a denim jumpsuit for quite awhile (I have this & Other Stories one on my wishlist), so when I saw Jenner's one piece, I immediately loved it. It wasn't baggy and it hugged her in all the right places. Shop her exact one here:Kylie loved it so much she even shared a close-up snap of it on Instagram.A post shared by Kylie ♥️ (@kyliejenner) on Nov 29, 2018 at 4:40pm PSTOf course, I don't have $1,085 laying around for a denim jumpsuit [insert crying emoji] but I wish I did. So to recreate her look, I found similar, more affordable, options for all of us to shop.For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter. SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Get.in.my.closet.No matter how many bags I cram into my cupboard-like closet, I constantly bring home more. (I’m like your friend who’s keen on taking in one stray kitten after another, except with bags.) Some people might claim this obsession is “unhealthy” (ahem, my S.O.), but I quickly dismiss his judgements when that dream bag arrives at my door. I'm not alone. This year's abundantly stylish selections are on every fashion girl's wish list. Are you not giddy about logo totes, or those pastel-colored mini bags all the models are carrying? Before you decide on the one (or two) bags to buy, consider all your options, below. These are the best bags of 2018. For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here).Mango snakeskin mini bag, $70SHOP ITSnakeskin booties are in abundance this season, if you haven't noticed. So why not go one step further and add a snakeskin purse to your wardrobe too. We love the geometric shape of this one from Mango. Zara text print shopper, $46SHOP ITThis clutch clearly draws its inspiration from Off-White, famous for their accessories featuring quirky quotes and phrases. The Zara version is, however, about 96 percent cheaper than its designer counterpart. Sold.Delaroq tote in pitch black, $495SHOP ITDesigner Jennifer Lyu launched her line of contemporary handbags called Delaroq after stints at fashion houses like Louis Vuitton, Prada, and 3.1 Phillip Lim. Her first drop consists of structured, sleek, environmentally-friendly totes and crossbody bags all made from excess or stocked materials. Since the accessories are made from upcycled fabrics, the bags come in limited quantities...get yours before they're gone. Topshop metal handle mini bag, $40SHOP ITThis fancy little boxy-shaped bag looks rather regal (its similar to ones Meghan Markle has carried). The perfect accessory for showing off your ladylike side when meeting your S.O.'s parents for the first time. Style with black tights and a dress with a sweet peter pan collar. Fendi Kan velvet shoulder bag, $6,500SHOP ITFendi is having a moment thanks to major stars like the Kardashians and Hadids galavanting about town in the label. If you want a logo-splashed piece (and why wouldn't you? the look is oh-so in right now), this handbag features the iconic print on the flap and gold hardware for that luxe look. Add to your birthday or holiday wish list ASAP.Faithfull the Brand, $26SHOP ITPeruse most retailer websites and you'll find a straw bag or picnic-inspired wicker tote. This whimsical accessory will brighten up your dreary all-black winter outfits. If you want to go matchy-matchy, style this particular handbag with a polka dot blouse. Jacquemus, $795SHOP ITBoth Emily Ratajkowski and Gigi Hadid love this Jacquemus "Le Chiquita" mini bag. The pint-size accessory only fits your phone, credit cards, and keys so you don't overpack for a night out. Keep your eyes on the item though—its small size makes it easy to lose once you've had a martini or two.Susan Alexandra, $185SHOP ITRemember the mini beaded bags you carried around as a child? This Susan Alexandra option is the adult version, but still with a playful element in the watermelon design. This fun weekend bag will let everyone know you don't take life too seriously.Staud, $210SHOP ITSee-through accessories, though trendy, aren't practical. Staud solved this problem by including an opaque pastel-colored pouch inside its clear plastic bag. Now you can carry around items like tampons or floss in peace.Cult Gaia, $80SHOP ITThis accessories label with a cult fashion following released a must-have design, called the "Dome" clutch. The cage-like piece features lightweight bamboo in a curved U shape and a collapsible handle. If you're looking for a bag to 'gram, this one is it.Marc Jacobs, $350SHOP ITThis belt bag can be worn as-is or turned into a crossbody bag by changing the straps. Depending on your outfit, this versatile function can completely change up your look. You may never need another bag.Rebecca Minkoff, $195SHOP ITEver since Fendi came out with interchangeable bag straps, other designers have followed suit. Rebecca Minkoff puts her own spin on the trend with this floral appliqué piece. You can go from daytime casual to nighttime fancy by removing the strap for a top handle–only look.Simon Miller, $590SHOP ITLast season, you saw this bag all over Fashion Week, but now there's a new colorway to obsess over. The white leather paired with a marble-like ring handle is super sleek and perfect for your winter white outfits. Prepare to receive many compliments on it as soon as you walk into the office.Clare V., $99SHOP ITForget rummaging through your large tote like a maniac just to dig for chapstick or loose change. This macramé clutch displays all your items for easy access (though you might want to contain your coins in a smaller pouch without holes). Elizabeth and James, $195SHOP ITIf you like your fanny pack plain and simple, grab this Elizabeth and James navy option. Take a tip from the models and wear it slung over one shoulder across your chest. No one said this accessory has to go around your waist. This item looks best with a graphic tee and frayed jeans.Aranaz,  $215SHOP ITDo you miss summer? Incorporate those warm-weather vibes into your wardrobe with this subtle yet funky embroidered pineapple clutch. It's a good accessory to bring to weddings or even to cocktail hour with the boss as you two bond over piña coladas a hot toddy. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The only other royal who could rival Kate Middleton and Meghan Markle's knack for finding stylish affordable clothes is Queen Letizia. The Spanish royal already has a loyal devotion to her Steve Madden heels, and we just found out she shops at ASOS too. See! Royals are just like us!On Wednesday, the Queen of Spain and her husband, King Felipe VI of Spain, welcomed President Xi Jinping of China and First Lady Peng Liyuan to the Royal Palace of Madrid. (President Xi Jinping and his wife are on a three-day visit of Spain.) For the special meeting, Queen Letizia wore a pretty blush long-sleeve midi dress. The dress featured floral and bird embroidery on the front and on the sleeves, giving it an elegant feminine vibe. As most royals do, Queen Letizia matched her pink shoes and clutch to her dress. She completed her look with a pair of two-toned earrings by Coolok in emerald and pink.The dress, which costs only $119, is still, thankfully, available to shop should you want to wear it to a garden party or wedding. If you're loving the bird motif though, shop more similar gowns, below, because the ASOS one will be sold out in no time—did someone say the "Queen Letizia Effect?"For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter. SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Those bottoms in  Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants have nothing on my Agoldes. In our biweekly series, our editors will be sharing "the item they wear to death," whether it be a basic white tee or a super-trendy jumpsuit. Prepare yourself (and your credit card) for some guilt-free shopping.After writing about denim for almost five years, I can definitively say I've found the perfect jeans. Granted, many people believe they've found their go-to, but when I say Agolde's hi-rise jeans are perfect, I mean perfect. PER-FECT.In the mornings, I no longer have to stand in front of my closet for 15 minutes, contemplating what to wear. I just grab my Agoldes. They're the right finish to every outfit. Now, I think I need to address the myth that fashion girls don't wear the same thing twice. Actually, we do. If you can style it three+ different ways, you can definitely wear it at least twice, and if you're me with these jeans, twice in the same week. In August, I actually wore these every day for a week. When there are thousands of jeans out there and you happen to find the ONE pair that fits you in all the right ways, you have to really get the most of them.I've worn these "Cherie" bottoms for an abundance of occasions, from the office to a casual Saturday afternoon to New York Fashion Week, and even out on dates. You can dress them up with a pair of black heels and a spicy tank or you can go the opposite direction and dress them down by throwing on sneakers and a t-shirt. My absolute favorite way to wear them is the office-chic route. I love wearing the jeans with a soft, casual sweater, then add polish with heeled booties. While knowing I can wear these jeans anytime anywhere is nice, what makes them the perfect pair is how they fit. The denim does everything a girl wants them to do: The high-waisted cut sucks me in (but comfortably), the length makes my legs feel and look long, the back pockets make my butt look good, and the crop style hits in just the right place. They even hold up in the wash, never losing form, which is key. (No one likes pulling on a pair of ill-fitting, stretched out jeans.) And, as evidenced below, these jeans are highly #Instagrammable. I could write a novel on how flattering and flawless these Agolde jeans are, but to really understand the magic, you'll just have to try on a pair yourself. For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Serena and Venus Williams aren't just indomitable forces in tennis, they're invincible in fashion, too. While Serena runs her own eponymous clothing line "Serena," Venus has EleVen, a fitness line she founded in 2007. "I was inspired by being better than your best. Be an 11/10. I’ve always been driven by this motto—whether I’m on the court or off of it," she said to Page Six. "It made sense to launch a fitness line dedicated to that vibe." The line is still going strong in 2018 and today, Williams dropped a new collection called Morning Glory. In an effort to combat your winter woes, Williams fresh pieces offer vibrant, punchy printed bomber jackets, leggings, and workout bras. Her neon tennis skirts and workout tops will put you front and center on the court (or at a barre class). "My line feels different from any other fitness gear you see out there. It’s not boring and certainly not made for wallflowers. It’s strong, powerful, confident," she tells MarieClaire.com. "This collection is especially unique. I love the print— it could have gone minimal and then BAM! Pops of yellow. It’s fun." Venus herself models a workout ensemble in the campaign, looking fierce and cool.The prices for Venus' EleVen line ranges from an affordable $120 for a jacket to $59 for a top and come in sizes XS to XL. (The brand itself also has a partnership with Dia & Co., an activewear subscription box service for plus-size women, in an effort to become more size inclusive.) The materials used for the fitness pieces has four-way stretch, protects you from harmful UV rays, and features EleVen pro-dri for quick-dry performance and breathability.   While Morning Glory is made for fitness fanatics who want to stand out, Venus revealed that her own family is personally obsessed with the more everyday pieces from the Seamless collection. As for her relationship with her sister, Serena, and whether or not they trade design tips, Venus shares, "I was so proud when Serena launched her line. We now not only talk about tennis, but also about tulle and tank tops!"As for the future of her now 11-year-old fitness line, Venus has big plans. She's already introduced her line in places like Hong Kong and London, and she's ready to take her brand further abroad. "It felt so fly seeing my line in iconic department stores where you can shop Prada and Burberry, you know?" she says. "The next step for the brand is continuing the world domination. I’m all about what’s next, and we have a lot of exciting things to come."For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter. SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Today, Prince William and Kate Middleton paid tribute to those who were killed in the helicopter crash at Leicester City Football Club’s King Power Stadium last month. The couple laid flowers at the site and chatted with several players and staff who attended the event. For the appearance, the Duchess of Cambridge chose a houndstooth coat with a peter pan collar and velvet piping, black tights and heels, and a hair accessory that might look familiar if you've been following Kate's outings this month: a black velvet hair ribbon.While she was speaking with Leicester City's French manager Claude Puel, photographers were able to capture the Duchess's ponytail in its full, velvet-tied glory. The velvet bow appears to be the same one she wore during her most recent public appearance. Last week, she visited a UCL Developmental Neuroscience Lab in London (wearing a maroon blazer and dress that maybe matched her sister-in-law, Meghan Markle), but while she wore her hair in a looser, low ponytail last Wednesday, today's look is a lot sleeker and more polished, which fits the solemn feel of the event. It's a ponytail with a bow added to it, whereas last week's style looks almost like she quickly gathered up her signature curls with a curiously perfect velvet ribbon she had lying about for a relaxed, pretty effect:Either way, the ribbons appear to be the very same, which leads to the question: Is Kate Middleton trying to make hair ribbons a Thing? Because, as the holidays approach, I'm certainly into it.For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Aquaman doesn't come out until December 21, but the cast is already busy promoting the film. On Monday, the team arrived in London at Cineworld Leicester Square to celebrate the new film. Stars like Jason Momoa, Dolph Lundgren, Patrick Wilson, and Amber Heard walked the red carpet. While some guys stuck to good ol' fashion suits (Momoa wore a leather jacket and jeans), Heard broke from the pack to channel mer-people vibes. The actress, who plays Mer a.k.a. Aquaman's wife in the movie, graced the red carpet in an embroidered green gown. The Valentino dress featured a plunging necklace and side cut outs. While this in itself was a lewk, Heard made her oceanic outfit stand out even more with a matching green headpiece that resembled a swimming cap. (Except this one came with a buckle underneath.)Of course with an ensemble this ornate, MarieClaire.com's editors had opinions. Comments ranged from "she looks like a turtle" to "she's like a (very chic) synchronized swimmer from the '50s." We're not honestly sure what made Heard decide to wear a green cap (I guess a fascinator would have looked even weirder?), but she appeared to love it as she smiled and posed for the cameras. Regardless of how we feel about it (I'm not a fan, sorry!!), if Heard likes it, all the more power to her. For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE NOW		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's Cyber Monday. It's also the first day back from a holiday break, which means instead of plowing through your to-do list, you might have found yourself slightly distracted by sales and discounts. After all, there are a lot of good deals right now, especially where the royals are concerned. Not only are Kate Middleton's favorite sneakers 30 percent off, but Meghan Markle's Aquazzura heels are also on sale (!!). The "Casablanca" style cost $450 (originally they're $750) in the versatile black color. The Duchess of Sussex was first spotted in these designer pumps when she attended the Royal Foundation Forum in February 2018. In October, Meghan debuted the same heels from the brand, but in a beige color while on the royal tour. Clearly, this style is beloved by the Duchess if she already owns two pairs. If you know about the "Meghan Effect," you know these heels won't be around forever. Sizes are starting to sell out, so before Cyber Monday officially ends, order yourself a pair. It's the fancy heel you'll wear to weddings, birthday dinners, and night out with the girls. Though if you're not completely ready to splurge on these pumps, Kate's $18 Superga sneakers are rather more affordable.  Shop Meghan's heels:For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE NOW		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			There's nothing I love more than a celebrity-approved gift guide. (I use it for inspiration as I'm shopping around for gifts.) There's, of course, Oprah's famous "Favorite Things" list, Gwyneth Paltrow's Goop gift guide (which includes a small Spanish village for sale), and most recently, a Michelle Obama holiday gift guide, where she shared her top picks for the season with People. Her list unfortunately does not include a tiny village, BUT there are some hidden gems in there. For example, her favorite nail polish shade is O.P.I.'s "Dreams Need Clara-fication," and she loves to listen to Bigger Picture by Rita Wilson. Nestled amongst the goodies, however, I found one thing Michelle loves that everyone else will get behind: an engravable rose gold bar necklace. The Gorjana minimalist piece costs $70 (there's an extra 20 percent discount right now because of Cyber Monday) and suits all ages. "I love to gift a friend a necklace engraved with a special touch like their name, the year we met, or the coordinates of our favorite places," said Michelle to People. If you're looking for that customizable, "every day" necklace with a sentimental quality, I think Michelle just found that piece for you. (She really is the best.) For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The Duchess of Cambridge is a big fan of the Superga 2750 COTU Classic Sneaker.Kate Middleton has a wardrobe fit for a royal, but her closet is full of more than just the jewel-toned sheaths and suits she's become known for. Over the years, the Duchess of Cambridge has also been spotted in plenty of jeans, tees, and sweaters—and one particular pair of Superga sneakers that retail for just $65. Today, you can score her kicks for even less: The Superga Cotu 2750 sneaker is part of Amazon's 30 percent off select fashion sale for Cyber Monday, bringing the price of these sneaks down to just $45.It's easy to understand why Kate is spotted in these shoes so frequently: they are comfortable enough to walk in all day long, and they pair well with just about anything in your wardrobe. Amazon shoppers have left rave reviews: one said she walked all over New York City in them, while another described them as the "perfect classic white sneaker." Check out Kate's looks below, and get these sneakers marked down while you still can. For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HEREFrom: Prevention US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			While you're busy scrolling through page 10/50 of your favorite brand's website, somebody else has already bought the dress of your dreams (at half off!). This Cyber Monday, save time and avoid the heartache of The One That Got Away by shopping the only fashion, home, and tech deals that matter—all under $100—ahead. The Deal: Take $50 off purchases of $150 or more, $25 off purchases of $100 or more, and $10 off purchases of $50 or moreThe Deal: 20 percent off and free shipping using code CYBER The Deal: Additional 60 percent off using code CYBER The Deal: Additional 30 percent off at checkout The Deal: Additional 15 percent off using code CYBER15The Deal: 50 percent off and free shipping using code CYBER The Deal: 40 percent off The Deal: Additional 30 percent off at checkout The Deal: Additional 30 percent off + free shipping using code CYBERMONDAY30The Deal: Additional 15 percent off using code CYBER15The Deal: 50 percent off (!)The Deal: Take an additional 15 percent off at checkout The Deal: Additional 30 percent off using code THIRTYOFFThe Deal: Additional 30 percent off + free shipping for orders over $100 at checkout The Deal: Big sale markdowns across the site The Deal: Additional 30 percent off all sale items using code WOW18The Deal: Take an additional 50 percent off at checkout The Deal: Additional 30 percent off at checkout The Deal: 20 percent off with code LETSCYBER20 at checkout 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Meghan Markle is an international style icon. She wears classic styles and pieces by amazing designers. Here are all the times other celebrities have been spotted in the same outfits as the Duchess of Sussex.Meghan wore a pair of daring gold talon hook earrings from British jeweler Shaun Leane to the Queen’s 92nd birthday concert at the Royal Albert Hall.Kendall Jenner wore the same earrings to the launch of The Estee Edit in London. Meghan wore this Black Halo Jackie O sheath dress to a Women's Empowerment reception hosted by Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson during the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting at the Royal Aeronautical Society in April.Kim Kardashian wore a white version of this classic dress to the 944 Magazine first anniversary party in 2007.Blake Lively wore the white version of the Black Halo dress to the 2007 CW network upfronts. Meghan wore this navy blue Roland Mouret dress ahead of her wedding to Prince Harry in May. Jennifer Garner wore the same Roland Mouret dress when she received her star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.Meghan wore this Stella McCartney coat in Cardiff for third official engagement with Prince Harry. Christina Aguilera wore the coat to a Stella McCartney event in Los Angeles. Courtney Love wore the Stella McCartney coat to the YSL Beauty Hotel event at Paris Fashion Week.Meghan wore this black Emilia Wickstead dress in Sydney.Jenna Coleman, an actress and rumored ex of Prince Harry's, wore a white version of the same dress to the Cartier Queen's Cup Polo in Egham, England. Meghan wore this flowy green Self-Portrait dress to an Invictus Games reception in London. British comedian Cariad Lloyd wore the same Self-Portrait dress to the British Academy Television Craft Awards in London.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			They're tragic in a LOL way.For all that we rag on them, we won't not participate in a good ugly Christmas sweater party if we're invited. Maybe we're competitive, to the point of wanting to have the ugliest ugly Christmas sweater, or maybe we all secretly just love to buy things. Regardless, this holiday theme is probably the funniest, if not the wackiest, to dress up for. So once you receive that invite, start shopping the nine hideous/hilarious sweaters ahead. For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter (subscribe here). Whether or not you know how to twerk, you definitely know what it is. And, this navy sweater is the best way to show off your wild side without actually dancing. It's partly hysterical and partly risqué (did you see the elves in thongs?), which makes it the perfect conversation starter at parties.This build-your-own sweater comes with tear-off embroidered patches so you can customize the nativity scene however you want. (There's even a keg patch because why not?) Just one tip: don't wear this to church with your family.Raise your hands if you can see Ross from Friends wearing this. There's nothing like a "Partysaur sweater," to show off your nerdy side at a holiday party. But maybe keep the dino talk to a minimum? If your friends or coworkers seem uninterested, say they're the Jonas brothers reincarnated into dinosaurs. This sweater is basically a Christmas tree. Snowflakes, check. Silver tinsel, check. Lights, check check. The only thing that's missing is the star, though, to be fair, you might be the star of the party in this number. Don't be surprised if you win first place in the ugly sweater contest. You deserve it. Cuffing season is upon us, but if you haven't found the one to binge-watch The Haunting of Hill House with, it's okay. This funny sweater is like a giant billboard to all the other single people in the room that you're ready to jingle mingle. Grab yourself a beer or wine and then wait for the dates (or at least fun conversations) to roll in. Turn the ugly sweater Christmas party on its head by showing up in this connected top. Choose your partner wisely as you'll spend the entire night stuck together. I have a feeling this will be the crowd pleaser at every party, so buy it before I personally order all of them for my friends.Okay, this sweater isn't that ugly. But, would you normally wear a bright green top with glittery gold sequins that say "Merry Christmas" and ho-ho-ho in block letters. I rest my case. If you want a sweater that's a little less flashy than the others on this list, get this one.Fans of The Rock a.k.a. Dwayne Johnson will obsess over this holiday sweater. Make sure the DJ at the party plays "Jingle Bell Rock," then get yourself front and center on the dance floor. Afterwards, when your feet are tired, collapse on a chair and take this hilarious "which rock would you rather climb?" poll. This H&M Christmas sweater will have the wearer torn. Is it ugly or is it cute? The dashing polar bear totally throws you off, I know. Personally, I would happily wear this to the office with jeans and boots around December and not be embarrassed. On the other hand, it is very bright...and there's a lot happening. See what I mean about feeling torn?		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You'll know her as Brienne of Tarth.The typical look that Game of Thrones fans are used to seeing from Gwendoline Christie involves a full body of armor, a deadly sword and a face full of furious rage. But this week, the actress has gone for something a little different. Think Brienne of Tarth, but make her fashion.Christie, who also appeared in Star Wars: The Force Awakens last year, swapped Westeros for the runway this week, to appear in Miu Miu’s Cruise 2019 Fashion Show in Shanghai on Thursday. Unsurprisingly, that impressive 6ft 3in height and towering stature made her the most incredible model. The British star, who recently turned 40 (this has blown my mind), stole the show for the designer, when she took to the catwalk in an emerald green and metallic leopard print gown, featuring cut out details at the waist. Although she opted against accessorizing with a sword this time, Christie did instead wear strappy black heels, a touch of wine-colored lipstick, and slicked down hair.The whole thing is even more awesome when you remember that the actress-turned-model, currently in a relationship with designer Giles Deacon, has previously spoken of how she was plagued by bullies at school over her appearance. Despite it all, she has since learned to find her “inconsistencies and ugly parts” to be beautiful and unique. Christie told ES Magazine: “You either think ‘I’m unconventional and there’s no place for me and therefore I should disappear', or you think ‘Good, I’m happy to be on the outside.’ Because if this is the small-minded, mean, uncompassionate viewpoint of the inside, then I don’t want to be there."Continuing her inspirational message, the Game of Thrones star said: “I’m happy out here with all the other leftovers, who show love and support for each other. All of the inconsistencies, complexities and ugly parts — whatever that might mean — can exist and beauty can be made out of it. That’s what I want beauty to be.’ Christie also explained how venturing into the world of fashion, and modeling for Vivienne Westwood in the past, helped in her struggle. “It was a combination of wanting to escape the unpleasant narrative that was being applied to me at school, where I was bullied terribly,” she said, “and loving the transportative nature of the arts.”I am SO on board with Brienne of Tarth elbowing all models out of her path to take over every runway at every Fashion Week from now on.For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			From a snakeskin print to a fiery red color.Unlike some footwear (remember Vetements orange thigh-high boots?), which gives you heart palpitations when figuring out how to wear them, ankle boots are your harmless, everyday shoes. They're familiar. They're versatile. And this season, they come in many prints and colors, ranging from snakeskin to a bold red. Go ahead and stow away your summer flats and peep-toe mules, then refresh your memory on how to style this classic ankle boot.Snakeskin boots might look intimidating to wear, much like a faux fur coat, but once you take the plunge, you'll feel fierce. One way to draw the attention to your boots and make sure they don't clash with your outfit is to embrace your "winter whites." This Madewell velour set saves the day because you don't have to worry about finding the right top and pants combo. Your boots can shine against this white backdrop. Go a step further and add in a snakeskin accessory. You look great.Shop similar pieces: 1. Madewell velour mockneck top, $70; 2. Theory puffer jacket, $455; 3. Modern Vice jett classic II boots, $398; 4. Salar snakeskin bag, $618; 5. Madewell velour corduroy pants, $80You probably don't need any more advice on how to style your favorite pair of black boots. After all, they match with everything. If you have yet to try the boots and summer dress combo, however, here's something new. Make your dress winter appropriate with a pair of tights, then choose a slightly edgier ankle boot to go with your feminine ensemble. A double-breasted wool coat and a cool handbag completes your office-ready ensemble.Shop similar pieces: 1. Flynn marion tote, $295; 2. H&M black tights, $18; 3. Faithfull the Brand midi dress, $49; 4. Banana Republic military coat, $299; 5. M.Gemi the spillo boot, $278No stylist? No problem. I'll just look to Priyanka Chopra for some inspiration on how to wear my new red boots. The color is surprisingly easy to style if you own neutral-colored sweaters or black blouses. Since red is a powerful color, go for the same effect up top with a peplum leather jacket and deconstructed jeans. These unconventional designs (the jeans look like they're inside out!) add a dash of originality to your outfit.    Shop similar pieces: 1. BP ballon sweater, $49; 2. Alexander McQueen biker jacket, $4,760; 3. Unravel inside out jeans, $190; 4. Quay x Desi Perkins aviator sunglasses, $65; 5. Gianvito Rossi red boots, $1,425After black, brown boots are next in line for being the most versatile to style. This season, instead of wearing the boots with skinny jeans and a belted wool coat, opt for a pink puffer jacket and denim with frayed hemlines. These two on-trend pieces elevate your rather simple boot. As for your beige sweater, half-tuck it into your jeans for a quick fashion-girl approved style hack. Shop similar pieces: 1. H&M mohair-blend sweater, $60; 2. Topshop puffer jacket, $110; 3. Everlane the day boot, $225; 4. 3.1 Phillip Lim bag, $725; 5. Frame le high jeans, $267Floral boots are probably the trickiest to wear, unless you know this tip:Wear a top that mimics a color in your shoe. This makes your outfit look instantly complementary from top to bottom. The same can be said if you match your coat to your shoes too, though who really has an orange coat lying around? Go for a sweater instead and then cover up in a cream-colored coat and accessorize with gold earrings. Shop similar pieces: 1. Mango sweater, $70; 2. Something Navy shearling coat, $200; 3. Nobody Denim ankle jeans, $229; 4. Something Navy disc earrings, $20; 5. The Fix sock boots, $99		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The best gifts for the best people in your life.If the thought of trying to figure out a gift for every loved one on your list immediately triggers heart palpitations, fear not! From unique accessories to old standbys to quirky novelties you've never thought of before, here's MarieClaire.com's round-up of failsafe gifts for every person on your list, at every budget.Not sure what to get that couple on your list? Opt for a custom illustration of the two lovebirds together guaranteed to make them swoon. Illustrations of the whole family are also available from this vendor who has over 400 glowing reviews on Etsy.This glossy set of salt & pepper shakers is well-suited for various personalities: The cousin who tolerates humans but loves dogs, the newly engaged couple on a mission to overtake Instagram, and the parent who makes the world’s greatest comfort food.Who doesn’t need a pink decorative candle of Marie-Antoinette modeled exactly after her portrait in The Louvre? Also, a fun fact for history buffs—the storied brand Cire Trudon was founded in 1643 and created candles for Marie-Antoinette herself.Gift the quirky maximalist in your orbit a small porcelain box to house their tiny nifty finds. Ask anybody who studied abroad in Copenhagen, Samsøe Samsøe is a Scandinavian daydream realized. Here, a vibrant turtleneck in an electric zebra pattern that looks chic on its own or layered beneath a chunky sweater. For your loved ones who woke up at 6 a.m. for the royal wedding, this royal bingo set features monarchs from all over the world. Fun for the whole family, royal or not.Chic, cozy, and minimalist, this pillow from Bella Freud’s homeware collection is ideal for the person and tastemaker who makes you feel fuzzy inside.  This creative Kama Sutra from London-based architect Miguel Bolivar is for your cultured significant other *only*. Each sex position is inspired by a famous building or furniture design, with detailed data and annotated scale drawings,Let’s be real, the gift a more defined butt is a gift that keeps on giving. For the gal who loves boutique workout classes P.volve’s starter set includes everything she’ll need to have a game-changing low-impact workout right from home: a P.ball, 2 lb hand weights and light ankle weights.Reformation denim jacket with faux fur collar, $178SHOP IT They say the best gifts are the ones you'd want for yourself. So, gift a gal you love this wintery confection of a jean jacket adorned with a faux fur collar and faux fur cuffs.For that special someone who’s always wanted to learn an   instrument—who you don’t share a tight space with—gift a smart ukulele. Connected to an app   full of lessons, the Populele has 72 built-in LED lights that’ll show the singer/songwriter-to-be   where to place their hands on the instrument’s frets. He or she will be seated   in front of their laptops and performing their songs in no time.A dream come true for anybody who commutes on public transportation. This no-rinse hand wash smells like roses and is effective like Purrell; it doesn't leave hands feeling sticky either.These plush slippers will provide more than just a respite for her frozen toes: With fashion-forward celestial beaded designs, all of her roommates, guests, and visitors will be green with loungewear envy.The recipient of this cool Andy Warhol domino set doesn’t even have to be into gaming. Creative and colorful, this is a fun gift for a family, grandparents, and art lovers alike.This handmade acrylic cactus sculpture is another smart art gift that looks way more expensive than it actually is. Standing 5.5 inches high, it'll bring a punchy splash of modernity into your loved one's home. Who doesn't like looking at pictures of cute pups? This tome is a guaranteed crowd-pleaser for hipsters, grandparents, and city-goers of all ages alike.If my boyfriend is reading this... look at how beautiful this textured wallet from Chloé is! With 4 card slots in the back, this would hold all my credit cards, random small bills, and business cards exchanged at networking events. Its sleekness feels designated for a sophisticated woman and I'm glad you know I am such. Send this to the loved one you don't get to see as much as you'd like. This stress-relieving standard-sized pillow, featuring a soothing blend of cinnamon, clove, and lemon essential oils, from Origins feels exactly as its name suggests after being zapped in the microwave.Presented in a nifty set, this kit includes everything you need (sans kitchen appliances and cream) to make 36 truffles.Add a splash of color to your loved one's home with a decorative vase that looks fabulous with or without flowers.Heart jewelry has come a looong way since season 6 of The Office when Pam insinuated that women wouldn't ever buy heart-shaped jewelry for themselves. Kitschy and playful, these hoops made from Swarovski pearls will add a fashion-forward spin to all of  her looks. The recipient will want to keep this retro-style electric kettle on their kitchen counter 24/7 because of the  design cred it brings. Plus it's useful: It can boil water in just over three minutes, making it one of the fastest on the market.Containing all the toiletry essentials you need when you're on the road, this carry-on approved travel set from Malin + Goetz will introduce your loved one to his or her new favorite unisex grooming brand.Including a precision brush designed to deposit the perfect amount of polish in a single sweep, Dior's Nail Lacquer is a savvy gift for even the least-skilled manicurist in your life. The first couture nail polish of its kind, expect gel-like shine and for manicures to last at least two weeks.Give your boyfriend a distinguished cologne with a dapper name and dreamy aroma. This evocative and sophisticated scent features a woody base of black amber and white cedar wood with notes of neroli flower and mandarin leaves. Behold a sensible and hilarious gift for your work wife. Reformation dress, $248 SHOP ITAnybody else catch those photos of Kaia Gerber looking like a goddess in this dress while on a date with *boyfriend* Pete Davidson recently? Fitted on top and loose from the waist down with a flattering leg slit, this dress is perfect for the gal whose social calendar is always full of events and parties. Available in sizes ranging from 0 to 14, it'll be her new go-to. When it comes to shoe trends right now, snakeskin knee-high boots are the hottest thing since toast. Up her shoe game with this stylish pair. Spare a woman you love the wintery dilemma of needing to answer a text without having to compromise having feeling in her thumbs. And if she's the type to easily lose gloves, these faux-fur fingerless babies also come in bright pink. Editor's note: This boxy sweater is the softest thing I own and sharing this with the world feels like giving away a secret. I'm the proud holder of this sweater in 2 different sizes (as to be worn different ways), and my mom and work wife have recently been moved to order their own because of the shockingly low price point.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			At 19, Ariel Neman had lofty goals. Without any experience or formal training, the New Yorker wanted to create his own jewelry line. Most people would have backed down from the challenge, or at least waited a few years. Neman didn't."I had a passion for fashion, and I thought jewelry was the perfect way for me to express my creativity," he says now about the creation of Regime New York. "I saw that designers were creating jewelry for men or women, but not really tapping into the unisex angle. There are people who do it, but I thought, I could do this better."Now three years later, Neman and his team create bracelets, necklaces, rings, and pins in Regime's NYC showroom and sells them online, or to retailers like Urban Outfitters. The accessories, beloved by Katie Holmes and beau Jamie Foxx, are all handmade from brass and steel, with the exception of his coin pieces (the vintage coins are sourced abroad from Europe and the Middle East). Every piece is designed to suit both men and women. Jewelry prices range from $98 for a gold-plated brass bracelet to $178 for a coin ring. "The hardest part about designing a unisex line is: Where do I draw the line between something that is too masculine or too feminine? I try to find that balance in terms of the materials I use," Neman explains. "Women, generally, don't want to wear something heavy, so we use certain metals to cater to that. At the same time, we make sure our designs don't skew too much to either side."Don't expect Regime accessories to fall into that minimalist "simple gold band" category, either. The brand offers one-of-a-kind pieces like a zipper cuff, a coiled bracelet, and a Queen Elizabeth coin necklace. Neman's jewelry has an edge to it, but appeals to a wide range of customers. Winnie Harlow rocking the gold Revel Bracelet| Online Now|  RegimeNY.comA post shared by  Regime NY (@regime.ny) on Feb 10, 2018 at 3:25pm PSTNeman's celebrity clientele includes Nick Jonas, Jamie Foxx, Winnie Harlow, and Katie Holmes. As a testament to Regime New York's unisex approach, Neman notes that Holmes was actually introduced to the line by Foxx."They were here one summer and I went up to his hotel room to show him my collection," Neman says. "He loved one bracelet in particular, and picked out some pieces for his children. We had a natural connection, and talked about the NBA finals, music...He's a great guy who loves to make you feel comfortable and make sure you had the best time being around him."Through Foxx, Holmes found out about Regime New York and requested to check out Neman's bracelets. "Katie came with a friend to the showroom and there was that organic connection again," Neman remembers. "She picked out this one bracelet and loved it. It was chic and elegant. She described it as 'something she would every day.'" (The piece, as of this writing, is still available to shop on Neman's website.)"I want everyone to have the chance to wear my stuff. That is my end goal," Neman says. "When I started Regime New York, I wasn’t focused on the money. I wanted to make a statement in fashion." It's safe to say that Neman, who's now 22 years old, did just that. For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter. SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Will the swimwear include more inclusive sizes this time around?After Victoria’s Secret devastated fans by discontinuing their swimwear line in 2016, the company announced today that they’re bringing it back. Starting in spring 2019, the affordable suits will be available to purchase. As first reported by People, the brand will also branch out into shoes and eyewear in 2019, too. Victoria’s Secret glasses? Sure!The move comes at a particularly interesting time for the brand: their CEO Jan Singer just resigned, sales are down especially for their PINK line, and there’s been increased discussion about body positivity and inclusion (and Victoria's Secret tone-deaf perspective on it) in the market. Victoria’s Secret initially showed itself reluctant to change its long-standing brand profile. But today's news opens the door for some important questions about what the new offerings will look like.The previously discontinued swimsuits were known for being trendy, cute, and not all that expensive, but, like the lingerie line, only available in limited straight sizes. Whether the new collection of swimsuits reflects the demand for more inclusive sizing, remains to be seen.   #GigiHadid has arrived ladies and gentlemen! 🔥🔥🔥 Tap the #linkinbio to see more of the looks from the #VSFashionShow.A post shared by  Marie Claire (@marieclairemag) on Nov 8, 2018 at 7:21pm PSTThis year’s Victoria's Secret Fashion Show, which will air on December 2 and came back to New York after several years abroad, didn't include any hint of swimwear's big return on the runway. A typical star-studded affair, Victoria’s Secret veterans Bella and Gigi Hadid, Kendall Jenner, and Behati Prinsloo walked, and newbies Kelsey Merritt and Mélie Tiacoh joined the event too. The Weeknd, Adam Levine, and Dylan Sprouse were among the famous audience members cheering on their girlfriends and wives.  For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE NOW		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The Duchesses/friends are already dressing alike.On Friday, Meghan Markle made a follow up visit to the Hubb Community Kitchen to see how funds raised by Together: Our Community Cookbook were making a difference for the small community kitchen in London. (If you recall, two months ago the Duchess of Sussex helped publish a collection of recipes for this charity cookbook to benefit the victims of the Grenfell Tower tragedy.) When she went back for the visit today, Meghan stepped out in a burgundy Club Monaco coat and dress with black tights and ankle boots. The "Sallyet" dress featured a soft velvet collar and hit just above her knees. As Meghan greeted the people at the community kitchen, miles away, Kate Middleton made an unannounced visit to UCL, a university, as part of her work into early years intervention. The Duchess of Cambridge stepped out of the car in a skirt suit set by Paule Ka and the burgundy color was basically a perfect match to Meghan's own ensemble. Her dress, in turn, gave off Kate vibes as it's something the Duchess of Cambridge would wear.Meghan's Club Monaco look:Kate's Paule Ka look:The two side by side:The fact the two duchesses are matching should come as no surprise as Kate was reportedly tapped to give Meghan fashion advice when she was learning to be a royal. The two have worn similar designers such as Self Portrait and Emilia Wickstead, though the Duchess of Sussex has cultivated a more modern approach to royal dressing than Kate has. She often goes for more shoulder-baring ensembles and the color black, which reportedly has created some tension with the Queen. While Meghan's burgundy outfit is likely new (this is the first time we've seen her wear either of the Club Monaco items), Kate's red skirt suit set is from 2012. She's worn it several times before today, which means maybe the Duchess of Cambridge's color choices are rubbing off on Meghan. Either way, burgundy is a good color for both ladies and a very seasonally festive choice.For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter. SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			In what simultaneously felt like the shortest and longest year of life, we've almost made it to Black Friday—the day after Thanksgiving when brands offer amazing discounts on clothing, shoes, jewelry, accessories, home essentials, tech, and more. Black Friday and Cyber Monday have become one and the same in recent years, so there are plenty of sales to shop without having to head to the store at 4 a.m. (R.I.P. brick-and-mortars). Some are starting way earlier than Black Friday, too, so make sure to get a jumpstart on the best in fashion, home, and tech, below. Fashion Date: November 23-25Discount: 30 percent off online and in-store (Exclusions and restrictions: Terrain, full-price BHLDN, sale furniture, sale found, Mara Hoffman, Gather by Anthropologie, Curated by Anthropologie, previous purchases, and/or the purchase of gift cards. Cannot be combined with any offer except Snow Much Fun prize box promotions)SHOPDate: November 19-TBDDiscount: Up to 50 percent off sitewide Date: November 23 Discount: 40 percent off entire site - reserve and subscription ($75 order minimum on reserve for returning customers)SHOP Date: November 16-23Discount: Up to 50 percent off men’s and women’s fashion from Amazon brands, including Amazon Essentials, Goodthreads and Daily Ritual, now starting at under $15; Save up to 40 percent on select Adidas apparel, bags, shoes, and accessories; Save up to 50 percent off select denim, including styles from J.Crew, DL1961, and True Religion; Save up to 50 percent off select Calvin Klein underwear, and more  SHOP Date: November 21-27Discount: 30 percent off everything online and in-store  Everything you need | The Sid tote & Paityn check coatA post shared by  ALLSAINTS (@allsaints) on Nov 14, 2018 at 1:03pm PSTDate: November 22-26Discount: 50 percent off select fall/winter styles online and in-storeSHOPDate: November 16-19; November 20-27Discount: 50 percent off all boots and booties + free shipping; 50 percent off sitewide + free shippingSHOP Date: November 20-21; November 22-26  Discount: 30 percent off entire store; 40 percent off entire store SHOPDate: November 23Discount: $10 off order of $70+, $30 off orders of $120+, $50 off order of $160+SHOP Date: November 20-26 Discount: 20 percent off sitewide with any purchase of $300 or more using code: GIVETHXSHOPDate: November 19-26 Discount: 20 percent off selected lines and additional 20 percent off sale Date: November 22-23; November 24; November 26Discount 40 percent off sitewide using code: TURKEY; 30 percent off sitewide sale (excluding flash sale) using code: TURKEY; 50 percent off sitewideSHOP Date: November 22-26Discount: 20 percent off sitewide on orders $100+SHOP Date: November 21-25Discount: 30 percent off select stylesSHOP Date: November 23-26 Discount: 40 percent off select styles such as the Athena Crop, TechSweat Flex Leggings, and Exercise DressSHOPDate: November 22–27Discount: 30 percent off sitewide using code: THIRTYOFFSHOP Date: November 23Discount: 20 percent off sitewide + free shipping SHOP Date: November 23 Discount: Select items heavily discounted using code: BLACKFRIDAYSHOP Date: November 21–November 26 in-store; November 20–November 26 onlineDiscount: 60 percent off select sale itemsSHOP  Smells like November. Re-purpose your pumpkins for #thanksgiving decor too.A post shared by  Nordstrom (@nordstrom) on Nov 1, 2018 at 11:14am PDTDate: Starting November 21  Discount: 30 percent off sitewide, 40 percent off orders $500+, 50 percent off orders $1000+ using code: BLACKOUT18SHOP Date: November 19–25Discount: 20–40 percent off sitewideDate: November 19–26Discount: 25 percent off entire orderSHOP Date: November 15–18; November 18–24Discount: 30 percent off everything + free shipping; 50 percent off 400+ boot styles, bags, and outerwear, plus 30 percent off everything else SHOPDate: November 21–27 Discount: 30 percent off online and in-storeSHOP Date: November 23Discount: 50 percent off entire store SHOP Like a glove 👋🏻 The Bella High Rise Skinny in bio link #MyLuckyHolidayA post shared by  Lucky Brand (@luckybrand) on Nov 7, 2018 at 9:47am PSTDate: November 23–25Discount: 25 percent off sitewide SHOPDate: November 19–25Discount: 30 percent off sitewide SHOPDate: November 12–19; November 20–24; November 25–December 1Discount: Dresses BOGO $10, coats & jackets BOGO $25, scarves, hats, and leggings BOGO free, sweaters from $15; sweaters $12, legging jeans $15, shoes $20, knit leggings, scarves, and hats BOGO free; dresses BOGO $10, shoes $25 or lessSHOPDate: November 23–26Discount: 25 percent off all orders $50 using code: Prive18SHOP Date: November 15–20; November 22–23 Discount: 25 percent off sitewide; 30 percent off with free shipping SHOP Date: November 21–22; November 23 Discount: 20 percent off sitewide; Orders between $50–$99 get $10 off, orders between $100-$199 get $25 off, orders $200+ get $50 offSHOPDate: November 22-27Discount: 40 percent off sitewide SHOP Anyone else feeling an urge to get out of the city for the #longweekend? #7ForAllMankindA post shared by  7 For All Mankind (@7forallmankind) on Nov 9, 2018 at 10:04am PSTDate: November 22–25; November 26–28Discount: 30 percent off sitewide; 40 percent off sitewide  SHOPDate: November 23Discount: 30 percent off entire purchase in-store and onlineSHOPDate: November 22-27Discount: 30-50 percent off select styles SHOPDate: November 23-26Discount: BOGO 50 percent off sample sale items; 20-30 percent off using code: BFCM18; Grab bags starting at $5; Free shipping on order over $50SHOPDate: November 20-27Discount: 30 percent off full-priced orders + 20 percent off sale items SHOPDate: November 23-25Discount: 40 percent off sitewide using code: FRIDAY40SHOPDate: November 22-25Discount: In-store exclusive offer: 30 percent off all full price items, 40-50 percent off sale items Date: November 23-26Discount: 60 percent off sitewide SHOPDate: November 22-24Discount: Spend $100, get $20 off; Spend $150, get $50 off; Spend $250, get $100 offSHOPDate: November 21-26Discount: 15 percent off sitewide using code: GIVETHXSHOPDate: November 20-27  Discount: Urban mini collection and hybrid smartwatches found here up to 40 percent off; selects straps found here up to 80 percent off  SHOPDate: November 23-26 Discount: Extra 30 percent off markdowns + free shipping on all orders using code: SayYas; Final sale gowns starting at $99 (while limited supplies last)SHOP  TFW you can’t stop fluffing your tulle skirt. (tap to shop the Cassia Gown | 📷: @katherineelizabethphoto @sdeventsmaryland @jadorndesigns @poeticallybrushedkim @mainstreetballroom)A post shared by  BHLDN Weddings (@bhldn) on Nov 15, 2018 at 11:56am PSTDate: November 19-25 Discount: Up to 70 percent off select styles  SHOPDate: November 19-November 26Discount: $50 off two pairs of shoes, $100 off of three pairs, and $150 off four pairs SHOPDate: November 23-25Discount: Additional 20 percent off sale items using code: OCBLACK20SHOPDate: November 20-26 Discount: 25 percent off sitewide, including new arrivals and sale itemsSHOPDate: November 22-26; November 23-26Discount: Up to 50 percent off online (exclusions may apply); Up to 50 percent off in-store (exclusions may apply)Date: November 23-25Discount: 30 percent off sitewide using code: BLACKFRIDAY  SHOP Date: November 21-26Discount: 30-50 percent off and free shipping on all ordersSHOPDate: November 22-25Discount: 40 percent off sitewide using code: BF40 SHOPDate: November 21-26 Discount: 25 percent off jewelry items as well as 50 percent off select watches online and in-store SHOPDate: November 23-26Discount: 35 percent off sitewide and will be donating a percentage of its Black Friday and Cyber Monday sale proceeds directly to The Osborne Association, a recent partner of STATE’s #WhatDoWeTellTheKids initiative.SHOP Date: November 23-25 Discount: 20 percent off select styles  SHOPDate: November 21-26 Discount: 25 percent off online and in-store using code: GRATEFULSHOP Tech Date: November 22–23Discount: Special savings on everything from TVs to projectors to cameras to speakers to iPhonesSHOP Date: November 22–24Discount: More than 15 TVs under $300 and lowest price ever on an Element 55” Smart UHD TV ($199), giving guests $180 in savings; Lowest price of the season on top-selling video games such as Madden 19, Destiny 2, NBA 2K19 and FIFA 19, $30; 50 percent off select games and puzzles, and more. Find out exact deals here. SHOP  Feeling nostalgic? We got just the thing: The Target exclusive collector’s edition of #StrangerThings 2. Remember: Friends rewind. 😉 *See our story for more #80s goodness. #OnlyAtTargetA post shared by  Target (@target) on Nov 7, 2018 at 10:30am PSTDate: November 23Discount: Hundreds of discounted items including Amazon Fire TV Stick for $25 (save $20), Fujifilm Instax Mini 9 camera for $50 (save $20) + free rainbow film (save $10), and more SHOP Date: November 14-21Discount: Two free Google Home Minis with the purchase of a Lenovo Smart Display along with more deals sitewide SHOPDate: November 23; November 24Discount: 20 percent off sitewide; 20 percent off create your own gripSHOPDate: November 21-23Discount: Apple iPad 32GB Wi-Fi $249.00 ($80 off), Fitbit Versa - Special Edition $179.95 ($49 off), Google Home Hub $99.00 ($50 0ff), and more tech deals SHOPHome Date: November 23-26Discount: 20 percent off Crane & Canopy’s entire collection of bedding, sheets and home décor using code: CHEER SHOP Date: November 23–26Discount: 10 percent off $250+, 15 percent off $350+, 20 percent off $450+ ; Free Gift with purchase of $150 (a $50 gift card!)SHOPDate: November 23–26Discount: 20 percent off everything using code: SALE18; free shipping and returns online and in-store. Exclusions on furniture, gift cards, swatches, and donations.SHOP  We love how this bright kitchen opens up in to the living room. It makes it perfect for hosting family and friends over the holidays. Do you prefer to attend or to host get-togethers? 📷: @jeanstofferdesignA post shared by  PARACHUTE (@parachutehome) on Oct 29, 2018 at 9:01am PDTDate: November 21–25Discount: 25 percent off sitewide using code: BLACKFRIDAY2018SHOPDate: November 19–25Discount: 25 percent off sitewide using code: BESTEVER SHOPDate: November 23–25Discount: 30 percent off entire purchaseSHOP Date: November 22Discount: 30 percent off sitewide including sale items (excluding rugs and pillows)SHOPDate: November 23-26Discount: 30 percent off purchase using code: BFCM30SHOPDate: November 19-26Discount: 10 percent off any order with a mattressSHOPThis post will be updated as more sales become available. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			This morning, Meghan Markle returned to the Hubb Community Kitchen to visit Grenfell Tower victims and celebrate the funds they raised for Together: Our Community Cookbook (over 40,000 copies have been sold in the U.K., you can buy it here). Meghan created the cookbook with the women for her first charity initiative, which aims to show "the power of cooking as a community, and the recipes that allow us to connect, share, and look forward," she wrote in the cookbook's emotional foreword. During the visit, Meghan helped prepare 200 meals for the local community in a gorgeous velvet Club Monaco dress, which—surprise—isn't sold out yet and retails for $228. The dress, much more formal than the Safiyaa beaded dress she wore the other day, is perfect for the holidays too.  Though you probably won't be able to rush ship it in time for Thanksgiving dinner tomorrow, there's still amazing news—the dress is currently on sale for Black Friday and Cyber Monday. Club Monaco is hosting 25 percent off $150+, 30 percent off $250+, and 35 percent off $400+ using the code: CMBLACKFRIDAY18, so technically the dress will be over $50 off. And if you're feeling Meghan's coat too, that's also by Club Monaco and comes in light heather grey and camel. It's over $100 off (!) with the sale. Thanks for the holiday inspo, Meg. For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It comes in four different colors.My Black Friday/Cyber Monday shopping list is somewhat modest: wedding guest dress (2), running shoes, these earrings, and maybe a new designer wallet. I wanted to keep my list short and manageable, so I would stay on track and not splurge on something frivolous. But when my Slack channel at work notified me about pre-Black Friday deals and previews, I couldn't help, but well, look. Macy's is amongst one of the retailers to launch an early sale special and given that I found my beloved Kenneth Cole Kam sneakers here on Black Friday a few years back, I decided to check out the shoe category for goodies. That's when I landed on a pair of faux shearling leather hiker boots from Indigo Road. They are glorious. And only $47. The boots look rugged, durable, and, most of all, comfortable thanks to a two-inch heel. It's the type of shoe that can get you across the snow-and-sleet covered streets in one piece.  Of course, I couldn't buy them without consulting a coworker, so I messaged Amanda Mitchell, MarieClaire.com's fellow, and asked her if the boots were cute. Her reply? "I like the plaid ones." Right, plaid! I was so enamored by the black style, I forgot there were three other colors.    My pick: Amanda's pick:The black pair's perfect if you need an everyday winter boot to get you to and from work. They match with jeans, tights, leggings, and even sweats. The plaid ones are a bit trendier and stylish with the black faux shearling instead of white—they're a nice addition to your regular black ankle boots. While we gravitated towards different colors for the hiker boot, we're both obsessed with the style. I guess I now kind of have to add this to my Black Friday shopping list. Shop more boots from Macy's preview sale:For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter. SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Another day, another report that Meghan Markle is breaking royal protocol in inconsequential ways. The latest news on the Meghan-isn't-being-a-perfect royal front is that she and the Queen apparently don't see eye-to-eye on all things fashion. Of course, that's also true of most 92- and 37-year-olds, but most 92- and 37-year-olds aren't influential modern royals. It's also important to note that the latest "news" from the Meghan Markle fashion frontlines comes from an unnamed source, so it's to be taken with an appropriately-tiny grain of salt. "Meghan is being told she needs to start dressing less like a Hollywood star and more like a Royal," a source who was reportedly a member of a fashion team that's worked in Kensington Palace told The Mail on Sunday.According to the source, one of Meghan's notable fashion faux-pas came in June, when she accompanied Her Majesty to a ceremony to open the new Mersey Gateway Bridge in the town of Widnes in Halton, Cheshire, England. Per The Mail on Sunday: "While she and Meghan are understood to have a warm relationship, a degree of tension was reported between the pair during their trip to Runcorn, Cheshire, in June. Meghan declined to wear a hat after apparently failing to understand that when the Queen’s aides informed her the Queen would be wearing one, that meant Meghan should follow suit." Perhaps the strangest fashion-related tension described in the Mail on Sunday piece has to do with Meghan's wedding dress, however. As if you need a reminder, Meghan wore a stunning and classic boat-neck Givenchy gown for her wedding to Prince Harry in May. What could the Queen (or anyone, for that matter) have possible taken issue with about Meghan's wedding dress? The color, apparently. According to the Mail on Sunday, "The Queen is said to have expressed surprise that Meghan, a divorcee, wore quite such a white dress for her wedding." For what it's worth, Camilla Parker-Bowles (aka the Duchess of Cornwall, aka Prince Charles' second wife), who was also a divorcee did not wear white for her royal wedding, instead opting for an elegant gown in pale blue with gold embroidery. Also for what it's worth, though, the Queen, in a move of epic, made-for-the-history-books shade, straight up wore white herself to Camilla's wedding:Unless bridal lime green is a thing we're not aware of, no such shade was thrown at Meghan's wedding. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			A handy guide to the best fashion, home, and tech products on sale. Black Friday (November 23, in case you don't already have your calendar blocked off) and Cyber Monday (November 26, ditto) are all about scoring the best deals, but it's easy to feel overwhelmed when there's so much on sale (clothes! shoes! candles!)—especially when the sales aren't one-day-only anymore.Here, we make the search easier by rounding up 10 coveted fashion, tech, and home items you won't want to pass up, and the best time to shop 'em.  Amazon's all-new third generation echo dot—a voice-controlled speaker that can read the news, play music, track your fitness, check the weather, and turn on the lights—will be half-off (!) on Black Friday. Yes, we're talkin' only $24. Alexa, play "Rich Girl" by Gwen Stefani. Think warm thoughts. Think warm thoughts. Think warm thoughts. These chic pointy-toe mules, perfect for the office or date night, are about to become even cheaper when Free People hosts 25 percent off all sale items this Cyber Monday. Some brands are worth the wait for their Cyber Monday deals, but Lucky's 50 percent off in-store and online on Black Friday is too good to pass up. This corduroy trucker jacket will do wonders on the cold-but-not-too-cold days when you decide not to look like a walking blanket. Do I need an antiqued lipstick holder? No. Do I want one? Absolutely. Anthropologie hasn't revealed its Cyber Monday deals yet, but 99 percent of the time the retailer comes through with amazing discounts. Bottom line: Your lipsticks deserve a nice home outside of the cramped makeup bag you stuffed them in, and you'll save a few dollars putting them there.So it's not exactly a sale, but it is a special occasion. Candle-brand-everyone-and-their-mother-loves Diptyque is participating in Black Friday for the first time, which means their best-selling Baies candle is getting a chic redesign for the shopping holiday. It's available for $75 from November 23 through November 26, so make sure to add it to your cart before it sells out. Book lovers, rejoice: Barnes & Noble's brand-new NOOK 10.1” Tablet features its largest display yet, plus 32GB of storage and more than eight hours of battery time. It retails for $130, but you'll save $10 if you purchase it between November 22 and Cyber Monday. It will likely be gone by Cyber Monday, so purchasing it early is the best bet. Pssst: Once you own it, you can add MarieClaire.com's book club pick to your reading list. Brooklinen recently introduced a line of silk pillowcases and eye masks. Consider it an investment in your beauty sleep—the silky material is known to prevent indentations on your skin, hair breakage, and frizziness. Snag the silk duo for 10 percent off on Cyber Monday.Bring this chic weekender bag—with plenty of room for the essentials and a laundry garment bag—on this year's trip home for the holidays. Herschel is offering $10 off order of $70+, $30 off orders of $120+, and $50 off order of $160+. AllSaints' best-selling Cargo leather jacket will be 30 percent off (!) on Cyber Monday. That's $135 in savings for a lifetime investment. (Yes, a leather jacket belongs in every woman's wardrobe.) Sick and tired of your headphones breaking? Invest in these durable Master Dynamic ones wrapped in premium leather. Customers will receive 30 percent off with the code: BFD30 starting on November 20.SHOP MORE BLACK FRIDAY DEALS		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			One week after dressing up for private dinners and parties, Meghan Markle is back in another gown. This time it was for The Royal Variety Performance, an annual entertainment show that raises money to support entertainers in the United Kingdom. The Duchess of Sussex arrived at London Palladium with Prince Harry by her side. She wore a beaded black-and-white halterneck dress with a fitted silhouette at the hips. The designer piece was by Safiyaa, a brand she first debuted in October while in Fiji for the royal tour.While that dress was blue and featured a cape design, this one was slightly more daring as the black gown exposed Meghan's shoulders. A sash went across Meghan's waist. Her hair was swept up and out of her face to reveal a pair of sparking studs (they were not nearly as massive as the ones she wore to Prince Charles' 70th birthday) as greeted admirers and smiled for the cameras. She even accepted a sweet bouquet of flowers from a little fan.Today marks six months since Meghan and Prince Harry said their "I dos," and it's the first time Meghan has attended The Royal Variety Performance, though it certainly  won't be her last. Shop similar dresses:Jovani Halterneck Embellished Peplum Gown, $1,887SHOP ITTonight's event is hosted by comedian Greg Davies and the royal couple will watch performances by Take That, George Ezra, Clean Bandit, the cast of the Tina Turner musical, and father and son duo, Andrea and Matteo Bocelli. For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter. SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Winter is coming. Time to stock up. Before writing this post, I took a peek in my closet and counted all the camisoles I own. The outcome: three basic black spaghetti strap tanks, which isn't exactly exciting. In my defense, I had just cleaned out my closet and donated a bunch of clothes, including some old camis from college. Back then, the camisole was a staple—they folded neatly into my single dorm drawer and paired nicely with a cardigan for class. It seems over the years, however, I forgot about the camisole. Thankfully, the cami, layered or worn alone, evolved with the times. Today's versions are made from luxe fabrics, including velvet, and silk, and feature interesting prints, like leopard and rose. They're still a basic, though the designs are anything but. Ahead, 10 different styles to remind myself (and maybe you) why the camisole is a classic you can't have too many of.This lightweight silk-charmeuse fabric gives off luxurious vibes—that and the romantic rose print and wispy lace edging. Wear with a sequin black blazer and half tuck the cami into your jeans.For a glittery party-ready top you can also wear to work, scoop up this H&M camisole. It has just the right amount of sparkle to make it pop underneath a blazer without being distracting at meetings. The fitted top will tuck easily into your skirt or trousers.The leopard camisole: a classic piece you should keep in your closet, always. Trust. When you're feeling wild, break this piece out and style it with a leather skirt. To tone it down slightly, simply cover up with a wool cardigan. If you're buying your first camisole ever, go with silky black. This piece is the building block of an outfit—you can do so much with it! Wear with navy slacks for the office or with a shimmery bodycon miniskirt for a night out. The sharp V neckline will draw attention to your collarbone, so accessorize with a delicate gold necklace.Own too many silk-charmeuse tanks? Go for velvet, like this version from Madewell, which was inspired by underpinnings (see the narrow straps and covered buttons). The cami can be worn as is or over a tee since its fit is cropped and loose.I'm not opposed to baring it all in this polka dot sheer camisole. (Anything for Saint Laurent.) Style this completely see-through top with a structured blazer and black jeans for a rather chic look with just a touch of naughtiness. You have your fancy "going-out camis" and you have your basic layering ones. A variety of the latter are available on Amazon for cheap, like this pack of four. These soft, stretchy camisoles are perfect, whether you need an extra layer under a sweater or a cozy sleeping tank. This floral top features a plunging neckline with lace-up details for a sweet and sexy take on the camisole. It comes in five other colors, so theoretically you can wear one for each day of the week. That'll take out the stress out of deciding what to wear in the mornings.Did someone say party time? Because then I think it's time to break out this number. The multi-colored sequins will help you sparkle under the lights of the dance floor and perhaps even catch the attention of a secret admirer. Wear with your favorite black skirt and heels for your next GNO.The cowl neck gives this camisole something unique compared to a traditional v-neck. If you’re not a fan of the bright color, the top also comes in basic black for your everyday needs. Whichever color you choose, wear with cropped jeans and leather ankle boots.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"But they were posh trainers…"Legendary actress, screenwriter, author and all-round good person Emma Thompson will go down in history for a number of famous, award-winning roles, like Sense and Sensibility, Love Actually, The Remains of the Day, to name a few… But arguably her most iconic, career-defining moment ever came at the start of this month, when she rocked up to Buckingham Palace to collect her damehood from Prince William himself, while wearing a pair of sneakers and giving zero cares about the royal dress code. Thompson, or Dame Emma Thompson, Dame Commander of the British Empire as we should probably refer to her now, collected her new title on November 7 and, after avoiding a potentially awkward moment with the Duke of Cambridge, showed off her choice of footwear in photos for the press. What followed can only be described as a FRENZY of critique for the casual choice at such a formal royal event. But, honestly, Thompson has no idea what all the fuss was about.Chatting about the moment on the My Dad Wrote a Porno podcast, the actress said: "But they were posh trainers… Was there a lot of controversy? I don't do social media, I have no idea, so when these things happen, 'Oh my god, you caused a stir' I'm going, ‘Why?'"When host Alice Levine explained: “Well, let me tell you it was all the major outlets, and by that I mean [British chat show] Loose Women , and yeah they couldn't get enough!" Emma replied: "About whether it was appropriate? Oh that's so interesting… They were Vegan trainers. Stella McCartney, Stan Smith trainers."In fact, it's not the first time that the actress has burst the Hollywood bubble with her laid-back looks. "I got into terrible trouble wearing jeans to Cannes once," Thompson recalled. "I was wearing a very sparkly top and look, if you're wearing a sparkly top it doesn't matter what you're wearing underneath it. Their fashion police said, "Oh my god! What is she doing? She is destroying the whole Cannes experience! Everyone is coming to see the beautiful Cannes actresses all dressed up looking gorgeous and look what she is doing, she's wrecking the whole thing!"Emma Thompson is literally everything I aspire to be when I grow up.For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter.SUBSCRIBE NOW		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Iconic.This week, Chanel celebrated the opening of its newly designed New York flagship on 57th Street. The new boutique, designed by New York-based architect Peter Marino, is a true reflection of the fashion house's aesthetic: sleek, graphic, and elegant, with the brand's signature black and white color palette framing the space. Four of the store's six stories house Karl Lagerfeld’s designs including ready-to-wear, handbags, shoes, costume jewelry, and eyewear as well as watches and fine jewelry and fragrance and beauty. But the pièce de résistance is the 60-foot-tall sculpture of a Chanel pearl necklace that sits (or, falls, rather) in the middle of the space.Designed by French artist  Jean-Michel Othoniel, the sculpture—crafted from mirrored stainless steel and gilded glass beads—"evokes a strand of timeless pearls, a nod to the pearl necklaces so dear to Mademoiselle Chanel," according to a press release. The whole thing reaches from the top of the fourth floor all the way to the bottom level, suspended from the ceiling at the center of the boutique's staircase.Othoniel says working with Marino led to a lot of experimentation—which is how this massive piece of art came to be. "When we first met, I was creating works that were 2 or 3 meters high," Othoniel said in the release. "With him they became seven or eight meters high, which was already exceptional. And then we went even further with an 11-meter-high piece for the Chanel boutique in London. In New York, we’ve reached 17 meters. These are major technical feats. To achieve them, I work with an engineer on the distortion of materials, organizing specific pre-assemblies. The work arrives in the boutique at the very last minute–it’s a new challenge each time–you must be able to dismantle it in response to the architectural context. Often, you’re squeezing a monumental sculpture through a tiny door. These technical interrogations are fascinating for an artist, they engender a relationship and a dialogue with the architecture that is truly unique."In celebration of the flagship, Chanel has launched a capsule of exclusive offerings, including a limited edition 2.55 handbag, limited edition steel Code Coco watch with diamond-set bezel and mirror dial as well as a new scent, Les Exclusifs de Chanel 1957, a layered musk fragrance created by Chanel’s in-house perfumer Olivier Polge. Trés chic.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Go from 💤 to 💃 with 💎.The thing no one wants to say about the trusty, versatile, eternally chic LBD is that a close synonym is boring. If it's timeless enough to have a permanent spot in your closet, it's likely fuss and frill-free too. The easiest way to breathe new life into the piece hiding in the back of your closet is via your accessories. And since bags and shoes are often out of sight during an event or meal, their power as a style-updater tends to get diluted. Jewelry, on the other hand, is front and center the entire time. Different combinations of the latter can elevate the simplest dress for an upscale dinner or make it feel boho-casual and ready for low-key drinks. Below, we style the same LBD with different jewelry to prove that nobody puts something sparkly in a corner. With bohemian jewelryA square-neck dress in deep noir doesn't scream bohemian off the bat, but the just-right jewelry will make you rethink that. Invest in a pair of classic hoops, then look for other pieces with hippie-chic design DNA. Beading and tassels are elements common in most boho jewelry, but read as upscale in rich 14k. Layer them on for a carefree look that can make even the most tailored LBD feel ready to be worn barefoot on the beach.  With rose gold metalThe recent explosion of rose gold in popularity means that your old party dress feels instantly new when complemented with the warm hue. While there's nothing wrong with mixing metals, you can pack a lot of punch when deciding to go exclusive. Really go all in by picking a rose piece to bedeck every open space of skin: Wrists, necks, ear lobes, and fingers can all be made rosy. Echo the tone with your makeup look, opting for a pink-toned blush or lip. With multi-colored stonesOne of the many reasons to love an LBD? Its role as the perfect palette for accessories. Consider it a blank slate and pile on gemstones of every hue. There are zero rules to pay attention to when rifling through your jewelry box. Mix metals, warm and cool tones—everything (restraint isn't rewarded). Case in point? A trio of rings worn on a single finger, proving that pieces don't have to be made to be stacked in order to do the job.For the ultimate color oomph, pick a single area of your makeup look to saturate with a poppy hue. We opted for the eyes here, using a vivid lilac color above and below to complement the jewelry.  With layers of delicate piecesSignal that an understated dress is ready for a more formal event by wearing all of your favorite delicate pieces together. Lightweight and crazy versatile, style experts are always extolling the value of investing here because you can literally wear them with anything. The necklace or bracelet that looks spot-on with jeans and a t-shirt can also be layered to ratchet up the fashion feeling for a more formal occasion.The elegant look works when mixing metals or not, and controlling the fancy level is easy. For high-octane events (like weddings or a sit-down dinner) consider peppering in more diamonds. If more casual (think date night), stone-free chains are a great anchor.Worn throughout: Reformation "Donna" Dress, $98; thereformation.com		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			They're hiding in plain sight. Amazon is your one-stop shop for books, electronics, groceries, even clothes. So when it comes to gift-giving, naturally this is a top place to turn to (plus that Prime shipping will save your ass in a pinch). The e-commerce giant recently ramped up its fashion game (it launched J.Crew's mercantile line in September) and the amount of surprisingly stylish pieces available are infinite. Of course, with a site so immense, it does take a little digging to find exactly what you're looking for—it's like thrifting. So that you don't end up hanging your head in frustration following hours  of unsuccessful searching, we rounded up the 13 most fashionable finds—all under $100. Your shopping chart just got a lot more stylish.For a fun coffee table read, gift her Aimee Song’s World of Style. The fashion influencer highlights her favorite travel destinations and the best places to eat, shop, and sightsee in them. Your BFF will enjoy thumbing through the pages on a Sunday morning, marking off her next vacation spot.If she's always losing her rings and earrings, this gift is both fashionable and functional. The spacious marble-patterned tray looks and feels luxe, even though it’s only $12. Finally, her gold rings will get the proper display love they deserve. We can't believe something this chic is this inexpensive! The accessory comes in four colors, though this icy white is our pick for winter. Style with your wool coat and jeans.Upgrade her #shelfie, with this natural agate pair of bookends. They’re cut, polished, and dyed by hand in Brazil from rough agate geodes, meaning no two are exactly alike. If she didn’t feel like organizing her books before, she will now.This silk scarf has multiple functions. It works as a headband, a scarf, a hair tie, and as a bag accessory (tie the scarf around one of the handles). Your friends and family members will love the versatility of this piece and you will love the price—it’s only $6! Add a few scarves to your checkout cart, so you can stuff one into each of your family’s stockings come December. Add a dash of vintage charm (that actually feels super modern, too) to your outfits with these retro cat-eye sunglasses. While the pastel shade might feel very spring/summer, lavender is actually just the pop of color your all-black ensemble needs. If purple isn’t your style, the sunglasses come in three additional, wearable colors.Don’t dismiss Amazon when it comes to luxury. Kate Spade New York is one of the affordable, upscale brands the retailer carries, and this wallet—with its colorblocked neutrals—looks as chic as can be. This accessory is a steal at $66.This novelty candle, named Einar, is almost too pretty to burn. But in order to witness the magic, you must light it. The mystical Icelandic unicorn has an inner metallic skeleton that’s only revealed once the wax melts down. After a burn time of 16 hours, you have a nice little unicorn skeleton table decor.If her favorite drink is a piña colada, give her this adjustable pineapple motif bracelet. When she’s stressed at work, she can look down at her wrist and be reminded to indulge in some self-care. A getaway to Costa Rice sounds nice right about now.Sam Edelman’s Chelsea rubber rain boots come in nine different colors, which will please even the pickiest gift recipients. So forget boring black booties, instead, go with this gentle olive color. She can now step in puddles with a sigh of relief.Is your friend moving away? Before she “peaces out,” present her with this as a going-away gift. She can use it as a jewelry holder or leave it unadorned as a simple decorative piece. Whatever she uses it for, it's pretty thing with a nice message to have around your apartment.Make over her work laptop with one of these vibrant see-through hard shell cases. My personal favorite is the desert cactus print, which reminds me of Palm Springs. If this isn’t her vibe, there are eight other design options (flowers! marble! space!) to choose from. Since they’re just $16 each, you can give her several so she can change the cases up. A pair of fluffy house slippers keeps your toes warm and toasty on even the coldest mornings. This pair have thick memory foam inside and an anti-slip sole. Prepare to hunker down and get real cozy. Remind me why I should leave my house tonight?		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The royal family has been busy this week. Which is probably why you weren't aware that four of your favorite people—Prince William, Kate Middleton, Prince Harry, and Meghan Markle—were all at the Royal Foundation dinner last night. While there were no publicly released photos from inside the event, singer Tom Walker posted a few photos on his Instagram (thank you, Tom!!) and we finally got to see what Kate and Meghan wore.The Duchess of Cambridge looked cheerful and stunning in a red dress with an asymmetrical neckline. The midi number was by Preen, and Kate first wore the dress back in 2016 when she and Prince William were on their royal tour of Canada. She paired it with a classy burgundy and gold clutch. Meanwhile, if you scroll through Walker's photos on the Instagram post, you can see Meghan in a strapless pinstripe gown, though she is partly shielded by Prince Harry. The navy (?) ensemble looked new—we have yet to see her in something like that.Meghan's choice to go dark isn't shocking—she loves navy, creams, and black—while Kate's love for bright colors has been apparent over the past few weeks. She wore a pink dress to Prince Charles' 70th birthday just this week and re-wore a bright teal Emilia Wickstead dress one day ago. The four royals at the secret party:  I had the absolute honour of performing for and meeting The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge & The Duke and Duchess of Sussex for the annual @kensingtonroyal #RoyalFoundation dinner last night. Thanks to the super talented @thatsingingbird bird from @wearefulleffect for joining me for my last song.A post shared by  Tom Walker (@iamtomwalker) on Nov 16, 2018 at 9:25am PSTKate re-wore her Preen dress from 2016: Her other bright looks from the week:For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter. SUBSCRIBE HERE		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It was hard to narrow them down, but I did it.Meghan Markle had a great year. She got married (becoming a duchess in the process), announced she's expecting, and completed her first royal tour. All these major milestones called for outfits to match the occasion (she brought over 30 looks on the tour alone). And Meghan didn't disappoint. She mastered it all, from caped gowns to fascinators, and, yes, even jeans. Before 2018 is officially over, check out the Duchess' best looks. It was hard to narrow them down, but hey, I was up for the challenge. Meghan made a follow-up visit to the Hubb Community Kitchen post cookbook launch and wore a burgundy coat and dress from Club Monaco. Coincidentally, she matched Kate Middleton, who was miles away, in the same hue as the Duchess of Cambridge re-wore her old burgundy Paule Ka skirt skit. The Duchess of Sussex arrived at The Royal Variety Performance at London Palladium in a stunning halter neck dress by Safiyaa, a London-based label Meghan first wore while on her royal tour. The gown featured an embellished top that showed off Meghan's shoulders and a fitted flowing skirt. Meghan loves a tuxedo dress (she wore a black one by Judith and Charles when she went to see Hamilton in August). This time, on the royal tour, the Duchess of Sussex wore a white mini dress by designer Maggie Marilyn to visit the Courtney Creative in Wellington, New Zealand.Meghan gave off Fleur Delacour from Harry Potter vibes in this magical bird motif dress by Carolina Herrera, which she wore to the Australian Geographic Society Awards in Sydney.  Meghan wore a Martin Grant striped shirtdress while meeting with the prime minister of Tonga. A built-in bow cinched in her waist and solidified the buttoned-up preppy-chic look. The Duchess of Sussex appears to love stripes—she chooses the classic print quite often.The royal tour wouldn't be complete without a formal gown for a special dinner reception, hosted by the King of Tonga. She wore a white beaded cap-sleeve dress by Theia. The custom silk satin design was initially made in two days, but had to be re-crafted with extra seam allowance since her royal highness is expecting. Meghan accessorized with Princess Diana's cocktail ring, black Aquazzura pumps, and a Givenchy clutch.For a visit to Tonga on the royal tour, the Duchess of Sussex wore a long-sleeve Self-Portrait dress and Manolo Blahnik pumps. This is the first time we've seen Meghan wear red as a royal and both the shade and style were perfectly in line with her taste for simple but sophisticated clothes. She also proved navy heels are a good alternative to black.Meghan, who usually gravitates towards beige and navy, went for full-on color in this elastic-sleeve Figue wrap dress. The look featured a busy print and pom-pom details with a ruffle hem, giving it a more easygoing and playful feel than some of her structured shift dresses. She chose to wear her lace-up Castañer espadrille sandals to walk around the University of the South Pacific in Suva.Prince Harry looked dapper in a tux for a dinner hosted by the President of Fiji. Meghan, meanwhile, stunned in a full-length, cape dress by Safiyaa in an ocean-blue color. For a walk around Fraser Island in Australia, the Duchess of Sussex dressed down in a lightweight (striped!) Reformation dress, Sarah Flint sandals, and Karen Walker sunglasses. The off-duty weekend look was effortless and perfect for a day by the water.Meghan and Prince Harry are seen here arriving in Australia to start their royal tour. On day one (just a day after Kensington Palace announced the Sussexes are having a baby), Meghan appeared in this white formfitting dress by Karen Gee—an Australian designer.For the 100 Days to Peace concert, Meghan wore a blue Jason Wu dress from his spring '19 collection and matching Aquazzura pumps. The gala served to support mental health charities like Heads Together, which is spearheaded by Prince Harry and his family. Prince Harry and Meghan attended the wedding of Harry's childhood BFF, Charlie Van Straubenzee, and Daisy Jenks. Meghan wore a multi-colored dress from Club Monaco, which clocked in at $328. Meghan matched the navy portion of her top with a navy Philip Treacy fascinator and turned to her trusty Aquazzura heels once again.Meghan attended the Sentebale Polo match in a navy Carolina Herrera dress and nude Aquazzura pumps. She carried a $35 woven clutch from J.Crew for that high-and-low mix. (Pippa Middleton has the same one, proving it was the IT accessory of the summer.)Meghan wore a sleeveless trench dress from House of Nonie to visit the Nelson Mandela Centenary Exhibition in London. The brand is known for creating ethically developed womenswear, and Meghan is always on board to support brands with a mission. To watch the Wimbledon Tennis Championships at the All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club in London, the Duchess of Sussex wore a polished striped button-down and white flared pants by Ralph Lauren. The two-piece ensemble was quite different from the dresses Kate Middleton tends to wear to matches. Meghan, of course, brought along a white panama hat that looked similar to her beloved one from Madewell. A day after Prince Louis' christening, Meghan stepped out in a bespoke Dior dress with a boatneck fit that was reminiscent of her wedding dress. (We doubt you need photos to remember, but just in case...here.) To top off her long-sleeve look, Meghan wore a custom navy Stephen Jones fascinator. She and Prince Harry attended the RAF100 Service, which commemorated the Royal Air Force at Westminster Abbey. For Prince Louis' christening, Meghan dressed up in an olive-colored Ralph Lauren ensemble. She wore a pair of green Manolo Blahnik pumps and a Stephen Jones fascinator of the same color. The unexpected hue looked lovely on the royal, proving she can turn any color from drab to fab. I vote yes to this look as one of my favs.The Duchess of Sussex looked radiant in yellow while attending the Your Commonwealth Youth Challenge reception at Marlborough House in London. Her dress was by Brandon Maxwell and she wore a pair of beige Manolo Blahnik pumps. The soft, curving neckline appears to be a favorite of Meghan's (as is a sleeveless style). For Meghan's first Ascot Racecourse, she wore a Givenchy collared dress with a black-and-white Philip Treacy hat. The designer dress featured embroidery around Meghan's waistline and she cinched the look with a black belt. She completed her outfit with black, closed-toe pumps and a custom Carolina Herrera clutch.  Meghan wore a Givenchy dress and belt for one of her first solo outings with the Queen. The bespoke dress hit right at the knees and had a structured capelet that draped over Meghan's shoulders. It was elegant but sharp, and contrasted with Queen E's neon green coat. The pair visited Cheshire, England that day to open the Mersey Gateway Bridge and Storyhouse theatre.   Meghan attended her first Trooping the Colour event in an off-the-shoulder pink Carolina Herrera dress with button-detailing (something the Duchess seems fond of) and a matching pink Philip Treacy hat. Meghan attended The Prince of Wales' 70th birthday patronage celebration at Buckingham Palace in a pale pink dress from Goat. She carried a blush clutch from Wilbur & Gussie and wore a pair of beige Tamara Mellon pumps. The royal also added tights, following a contentious internet debate over pantyhose and royal protocols.One of Meghan's most memorable looks from 2018 was her second wedding dress by Stella McCartney. Meghan changed into this halter-neck ensemble before heading to Frogmore House for her reception. The second dress became so popular and admired the designer ever included a version of it in her new bridal collection called "Made with Love." (Should I buy one? Probably.)Meghan wore a striped Altuzarra dress with a Camilla and Marc blazer for the Commonwealth Youth Forum. The dress checked off all the must-have details for Meghan: buttons, a belt, and stripes. Unlike Kate Middleton, the Duchess of Sussex favors crossbody bags ove clutches, like this black-and-white one from Orton. For a visit to the Crown Bar in Belfast, Ireland, Meghan wore a green midi skirt by Greta Constantine, a cream Victoria Beckham sweater, and a Mackage coat. The deep forest green was a nice touch of color and complemented her brown velvet pumps. For a "going out to drink" look (she and Prince Harry stopped by a former Victorian gin palace), this was insanely put-together and chic. Prince Harry and Meghan attended the Endeavour Fund Awards Ceremony in London. The Duchess of Sussex wore an Alexander McQueen suit with a white bow bodysuit by Tuxe. She tucked a Prada clutch underneath her arms. This was the first time we saw her in a pantsuit set, though it would hardly be her last. (The Duchess of Sussex is known for wearing sleek trousers.)		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Last month, Princess Eugenie wore two different gowns on her wedding day. She walked down the aisle in a gorgeous Peter Pilotto wedding dress designed to show off her scoliosis scar (which almost brought tears to my eyes). Then, later that night, she changed into a stunning blush dress by Zac Posen, which featured long sleeves and a caped shoulder. The designer dress was fitted in the waist, and flowed away from her body in a beautiful display of silky fabric.Her second gown was inspired by the beauty of Windsor and the surrounding countryside. Specifically, Posen chose the pink color to reflect the blush of an English rose. As for the White Rose of York (a symbol for the House of York), it was subtlety embroidered on both the shoulder and back, which held together the cape. Of course, the only image of this dress from that night was taken by royal photographer Alex Bramall—guests reportedly weren't allowed to have their phones inside the reception. Which was true until yesterday, when Posen shared an Instagram of Princess Eugenie's second wedding dress from behind—the photo was taken at his atelier. From behind, you could really see the stunning details.  The back by popular demand, before the final #whiteroseofyork embroidery was placed 💫✨ In the #HouseOfZ #atelier #zacposen 📸@vanina_sorrentiA post shared by  Zac Posen (@zacposen) on Nov 14, 2018 at 9:58am PSTThe back was designed with buttons trailing down the spine and featured a low back so as to not cover Princess Eugenie's scar. The silky fabric flowed out from behind like a super woman cape. From behind, the dress looked twice as romantic and dramatic than from the front. Posen captioned the 'gram, "The back by popular demand, before the final #whiteroseofyork embroidery was placed." Oh, here's the front of the dress again just in case you're still obsessed with it. I still am. For more celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter. SUBSCRIBE HERE 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Don't talk to me, I'm busy picking out a color. As soon as I spotted Meghan Markle in a pair of Krewe sunglasses I zoomed in for a closer look. My suspicions that they were the "Gravier" style—the same ones I had given my boyfriend earlier this year—were confirmed by fan blogs like Meghan's Mirror only minutes later. "Look, Meghan has your glasses!!" I texted him. "Who's Meghan?" was his response. My BF didn't share the same excitement, but no matter. I was too busy tracking the Duchess of Sussex's royal tour style (she wore over 30 different looks) last month to care. And I noticed she wore her Krewe sunglasses more than once. A practical choice as her black frames matched with every outfit. The unisex style looked good on both men and women, so when it completely sold out I wasn't surprised. There were still three other colors left, however, and for those of us who waited. Surprise: the frames are now on sale. Krewe, which only hosts one sale a year, is offering up to 70 percent off all their sunglasses, including Meghan's exact style. While her black ones are still sold out (you can join the waitlist), the three other hues are available starting at $97 (original prices are 300 and up!). BRB, don't talk to me, I have to choose a color.My pick:Krewe "Gravier" sunday tortoise, $255 $97 SHOP ITShop the rest of the styles, below:Krewe "Gravier" oak polarized, $315 $189 SHOP ITKrewe "Gravier" matte bengal, $255 $128 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Jenna Dewan loves to dance. *Cue Step Up.* So it's not surprising that she decided to design a capsule collection for dancewear-turned-athleisure brand Danskin. "My very first leotard was from here," Dewan tells MarieClaire.com. But the line isn't only for the ballet studio. "My biggest motivation was to create a collection for the busy woman—someone who wants to wear this throughout their day and into the night."Jenna Dewan x Danskin, which launched today, features a total of 30 items, including sports bras, leggings, bodysuits, crop tops, hoodies, joggers, jumpsuits, and, yes, leotards. The actress slash dancer practically designed the collection for herself. She wears the pieces everyday—whether to the gym, to meetings, or to pick up her 5-year-old daughter, Everly (who's very into the brand's leggings, leotards, and tutus, btw). Dewan often mixes up the pieces by throwing on a cardigan or swapping her sneakers for heels. A dream for any outfit recycler, really.The pieces are classic yet edgy. There's a sexy feel to a lot of them. But really, it's about women being able to wear them everywhere.The best part? Every item in the collection is under $100. This includes a perfect cut-out bodysuit for only $36. "You can wear the pieces to the gym, to run errands, and you can also transition them for a date night or a night out with your girlfriends," explains Dewan. "They're classic yet edgy. There's a sexy feel to a lot of them. But really, it's about women being able to wear them everywhere."  As Dewan focuses on the next phase of her life following her split from husband Channing Tatum earlier this year, she's continuing to explore other parts of herself, including her passion for designing clothes. "I learned early on that I really love the whole design process," Dewan says. "I've never designed anything before, so I wasn’t sure how it was going to go or how it was going to feel, but everything from picking the fabrics and textures and colors to the different designs was really exciting for me to be a part of. I would love to continue designing." Shop our favorite pieces from Dewan's collection, below.Jenna Dewan x Danskin, $36SHOP ITAlso available in black. Jenna Dewan x Danskin, $75SHOP ITAlso available in black and maroon.Jenna Dewan x Danskin, $35SHOP ITJenna Dewan x Danskin, $85SHOP ITAlso available in black and maroon.Jenna Dewan x Danskin, $40SHOP ITAlso available in black and pink. Jenna Dewan x Danskin, $85SHOP ITJenna Dewan x Danskin, $35SHOP ITAlso available in white. Jenna Dewan x Danskin, $40SHOP ITAlso available in black. Jenna Dewan x Danskin is available now. SHOP 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You can literally walk for miles in these.I’m a Californian girl. Let’s get that straight. I've lived in New York City for a decade now but my ideal look is still skinny jeans, a t-shirt, and some boots (maybe a leather jacket if it’s cold). Basically, the outfit you see everywhere in Los Angeles. I call it "casual and comfortable." Growing up on the west coast, I only ever wore boots or sneakers. Heels were not my friend. In college (on the east coast) I wanted to dress up for parties, but I was horrible at picking out pumps. HORRIBLE. I would choose skinny stilettos with a narrow fit, which inevitably gave me painful blisters  on my heels, pinky toes, and the bottom of my feet. The mornings-after were wretched, nursing hangovers and swollen, bloodied toes.After leaving enough bars early and making enough emergency Band-Aid purchases at the closest Duane Reade, I finally realized that if I'm going to wear heels, they must have a chunky block heel that clocks in at three inches or less. Enter: Sam Edelman's "Stanley" mules (only 2.25 inches high!).I almost bought these babies in the spring when Sam Edelman did a special version for Net-a-Porter, but patience is a virtue and they were a little pricey, so I waited. A few weeks later I spotted a similar style on Sam's site—on sale for $49! The rest was history. I ordered them right away and wore them with wrap dresses all summer long, and, now, with jeans for fall.   The mules are super versatile, which makes them the perfect shoe for city girls (closet space is at a premium in NYC!). They go with everything in my wardrobe and suit all occasions. I wear them to family parties, to work, even on dates. This casual-yet-fancy shoe pleases my Cali-girl soul.But better than their versatility, they are comfortable. The truest testament to this came on a recent trip to Savannah, Georgia. I had the pleasure of walking the entire town in my new favorite shoes (I'm talking miles, people!) and at the end of the day, I felt no pain or blisters. None! (Here's a not-so-secret secret about mules: they're backless, so you can avoid any unwanted friction on your heels.) But full disclosure: If you've tried on hundreds of pairs of shoes searching for the perfect one, like I have, you know that mules can be difficult to wear sometimes. They're either too loose, or pinch your pinkie toes, or make a slapping sound akin to thunder as you hustle through a quiet office. Not my Stanleys, though. These mules fit snuggly around your toes so they don't flop around, but also have stretchy sides just in case your feet swell from walking. I'm not saying these shoes will solve life's problems, but they've definitely made my life easier and a bit more magical for me. I don't know why I haven't bought a second pair already. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's not enough to just read Michelle Obama's new memoir Becoming—you can now rock the accompanying merch too. The former first lady, who is currently on a tour to promote her new book, launched apparel and accessories featuring her most famous quotes, like "Work to create the world as it should be," and "When they go low, we go high." (The latter became one of her iconic mottos after she said it at the 2016 Democratic Convention.) The full line contains a hoodie, long-sleeve shirts, cups, a journal, and even baby onesies. Sizes range from small to 2XL, and prices hover around $30 for a top to $65 for a hoodie. (Michelle can basically take all my money, I don't mind.) Becoming, her powerful new read, gives fans a glimpse into her life, from early childhood to motherhood, and—of course—a window into her time as first lady. You can take comfort in the fact that all net proceeds from her merch line will be donated to Global Girls Alliance, a program of the Obama Foundation, which supports girls' education around the world.Add everything to your checkout cart. Stat. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Go big or go home, right?Tonight, Prince Charles is celebrating his 70th birthday at Buckingham Palace in London with his family. Prince William and Kate Middleton arrived in one car for the party, while Prince Harry and Meghan Markle drove together in a second vehicle. Though photos from their arrival don't clearly show what Kate is wearing, she appears to have chosen a ruffled one-shoulder pink gown for the party. The Duchess of Cambridge, who usually wears small, dainty earrings, decided to go for a ginormous teardrop chandelier earrings. The oversize style glittered and shone even through the windshield.The Duchess of Sussex seems to have followed Kate's lead (or vice versa) because she, too, wore a pair of large silver earrings featuring small concentric circles. Meghan's dress was not visible in the car, however, since the very private event is closed off to the press and paparazzi. So you'll just have to imagine her gown, which no doubt will be even more exquisite than her recent dresses on the royal tour. (If you recall, Meghan wore this blue caped gown by Safiyaa in addition to a stunning Oscar de la Renta bird motif dress.) Though the two Duchesses wore different dresses, both pairs of giant earrings will sparkle all night long on the dance floor. (Can someone confirm there will be a dance floor?)Shop similar earrings to Kate's:Shop similar earrings to Meghan's:		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Amazon reviewers are obsessed with it.If you are one of the many people who aren’t crazy about the cold, navigating your way through the winter season with a smile on your face can be pretty tricky. Despite the abundance of super huge and padded winter coats, some of us still find ourselves walking around with the chills, and let’s be honest: it’s really not that fun. However, there is a heated apparel company (yes, you read that correctly) called Ororo offering vests, coats, fleeces, and even sweatshirts with rechargeable battery heating devices  — promising to keep you warm even under sub-arctic weather conditions. We are so on board.The company, based in the Midwest, wanted to create an all-season apparel line with the intention that you can wear them during fall and winter without using the heating option, but when temperatures drop their heating technology will keep you toasty. Most items offer heating in multiple areas of the body with four different heating levels, and each battery charge promises up to 8 hours of wear. The collection is available on Amazon, with all items retailing for under $170. The most popular item on the online retailer is their Women’s Slim Fit Heated Jacket, which has amassed a near-perfect score from reviewers. Many reviewers explain that the wind and water resistant jacket is a great alternative to wearing tons of layers, and love the variety of temperature options, as they can adjust the warmth level depending on the chill factor. Some of the reviewers attest to the fact it kept them warm in the coldest of climates — even during the middle of winter in Chicago. And did we mention that the clothes are actually super cute?From: Prevention US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			 Don't put it back into your summer drawer just yet.Stop. Don't say goodbye and stuff your favorite slip dresses into a summer drawer just yet. I was about to do this one weekend before I realized all it takes is a little layering to make the summer staple fall-appropriate. (I'm also in desperate need of winter clothes, so I'll take every excuse to extend my warm-weather wardrobe.) Add a sweater over your slip or a pair of tights under and you've created a new outfit for yourself. Read on for some quick style tips to take the summer piece right into winter. An easy way to turn your summer slip dress into your favorite winter slip dress is by layering. I am currently obsessed with turtlenecks, whether they're made from a chunky knit or breathable cotton, and love the way they look under a slip. Turtleneck sweaters are like the cold-weather T-shirt: They come in a variety of colors and are easy to pair with just about anything, which makes them a great basic to have. And if you don't own one already, invest in a long wool coat so it envelopes your body in warmth. The very last item I add to turtlenecks (to make the top look a little less plain) is a necklace or pendant. Shop similar pieces: 1. Knot sisters slip dress, $106; 2. Banana Republic wool turtleneck, $90; 3. H&M fleece tights, $15; 4. Missoma coin necklace, $103; 5. Max Mara wool coat, $925; 6. Converse x JW Anderson high top sneakers, $150A cardigan might be the most obvious choice to wear with a slip dress, but if you prefer a piece that's slightly more structured and really steers clear of any bed-time vibes, opt for a camo print button-down shirt. This top coupled with a lace black slip offers a grunge feel that will please your edgy side. While the weather permits, ankle socks and sneakers are all you need to complete the outfit. Once the temps drop even more, swap for tights and knee-high leather boots. Shop similar pieces: 1. Twin set long slip dress, $262; 2. Boohoo oversize camo denim shirt, $28; 3. Kendall + Kylie poppy mini backpack, $65; 4. Prada socks, $170; 5. Fila sneakers, $75 Button-down shirts have a bad rep for looking overly stuffy or waiter-esque if not styled properly. To avoid this situation altogether, wear your button down underneath your slip dress. The two pieces are different in style (one reminds me of work, the other of my bed), but work seamlessly together for a cute and trendy outfit. Combat boots toughen up your look while the popular teddy coat says you're a bona fide street style star.Shop similar pieces: 1. Khaite poplin shirt, $470; 2. Something Navy teddy coat, $149; 3. Joseph silk slip dress, $595; 4. 3.1 Phillip Lim crossbody bag, $495; 5. Rebecca Minkoff combat boots, $198 For something less predictable than tights to wear under your slip, go with jeans and a T-shirt. You're essentially combining two outfits into one for a truly genius ensemble. This fashion influencer even knotted her dress on one side to properly show off her denim underneath, adding yet another fun element to the look. Don't be afraid to play with your accessories—a cool snakeskin clutch or pair of boots does the trick.Shop similar pieces: 1. Georgia Alice metallic slip dress, $585; 2. Boohoo high-rise boyfriend jeans, $25; 3. Moschino printed t-shirt, $112; 4. By the Way amber bootie, $98; 5. Clare V. snake embossed clutch, $235; 6. Maje bomber jacket, $397 Lest you think the sweater-over-dress combo is dead, the fall '18 and spring '19 runways say it isn't so. This foolproof method to styling works as long as the sweater length hits you at the right place. It should go a little past your hips to avoid a too baggy or too cropped look. To emphasize shape, simply belt your sweater. Shop similar pieces: 1. Carine Gilson satin slip dress, $964; 2. & Other Stories turtleneck sweater, $59; 3. Marc Fisher suede boots, $111; 4. Lizzie Fortunato earrings, $195; 5. Aritzia super puff long, $298		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Good news for brides-to-be and fans of expert tailoring, dramatic caped dresses, and the Duchess of Sussex's style: Stella McCartney, the designer behind Meghan Markle's second wedding dress, is officially in the bridal game.Launching today, Stella McCartney "Made with Love" is the designer's take on modern wedding-wear and is really a bridal extension of her signature eveningwear offerings—plus, it includes a few looks that might be familiar if you follow Meghan Markle's outfit changes. The limited edition dress inspired by the Duchess of Sussex’s wedding reception gown (a high-neck look with a low back) is part of this new collection, as well as a dramatic caped number that is one of McCartney's signature styles and a version of the navy blue caped dress Meghan wore to the Queen's birthday concert this year.The 17-piece collection features seven different sleek bridal gowns, an all-lace jumpsuit (not the same as the one Gwyneth Paltrow recently chose for her wedding reception, but here for the jumpsuit vibes!), and my personal favorite: a stunning ivory tuxedo that screams modern, sophisticated bride (and, obviously, First Wives Club).In keeping with her commitment to sustainability, McCartney chose sustainable viscose as well as modern versions of couture fabrics like lace and chiffon to craft her debut bridal line. The collection is available in Stella McCartney stores by private appointment (contact privateclientus@stellamccartney.com to schedule or book online) and through select retailers including Nordstrom.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"I texted her, as I wasn't sure about it."It feels as though the royal wedding of Princess Eugenie and Jack Brooksbank took place so long ago now, but that doesn’t mean we’ve stopped thinking about it. From the perfect bridal gown to the adorable moments from the flower girls and pageboys, the whole day was one to remember—and that’s before we even get to the fashion offerings that the celebrity guests left us swooning over. One look in particular, courtesy of Cara Delvigne, stood out amongst the hundreds of arrivals, when she rocked up to St George’s Chapel, Windsor Castle, in a three-piece suit.The outfit was a cooler-than-cool choice for the model, who nailed the effortlessly fresh and chic look with a little help from a top hat and a toothpick. Sure, it may have technically broken royal protocol for one reason or another, but it turns out that Princess Eugenie was totally fine about it. As any good friend would, Cara literally asked the bride’s permission about the suit before she opted to wear it.While some critiqued Cara’s choice to go against the rumored strict dress code of the day (women were instructed to wear a day dress and hat while men must wear a morning coat), the model herself insists that the bride was completely okay with the bold look. Telling Grazia how the suit got the royal nod, Cara explained: “Eugenie has been a friend of mine since I was a kid and I've always wanted to wear tails. I texted her, as I wasn't sure about it and she was like: ‘Of course, I expected nothing else from you!’"She continued: “I found it interesting how many people came up to me and said: ‘You're so brave to wear that!’ I was like, really? I feel way more comfortable like this.”Let this be a lesson to us all. Edgy wedding guest outfits are just part of the deal if you want to be friends with the cool kids.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			They're just as gorgeous from the back as they are from the front. Did the 2018 People's Choice Awards sneak up on you? Same. Not to worry, we've got you covered on everything you need to know, like who showed up and what they wore here. Of course, a red carpet wouldn't be complete without a sheer dress or two. Here, we rounded up the most naked outfits just in case you missed them. In a Jean Paul Gaultier dress from What Goes Around Comes Around		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			His handbags just dropped at Barneys New York.Giles Deacon is one the most renowned British designers in the industry, having worked at the likes of Gucci and Bottega Veneta. His experiences are unparalleled: Deacon's done everything from ready-to-wear to couture and bespoke clothing, the latter of which he creates for private clients. Perhaps one of the most famous of those clients: Pippa Middleton. Deacon designed her wedding dress.  "It was a great privilege to receive the commission," he shares. "You never know how the public will react when you put your creation out there, as much as you yourself loved it. So for the dress to be so globally recognized was just phenomenal." Though Deacon was mum on the exact details of Pippa's bridal look (stars like their privacy), he tells me that he was there every step of the way for fittings and to make sure Pippa looked amazing on her big day. If you recall, the socialite and little sis to Kate Middleton wore a gorgeous high-collar lace wedding gown with an open back for her 2017 nuptials. When asked how he felt seeing Pippa in the final look, Deacon says, "I was absolutely thrilled with the end result. I think she looked fantastic and I was so happy with the end result." His connections to the royal family, however, don't end there. Just last month, Deacon became design director at Aspinal of London, a British handbag brand beloved by none other than the Duchess of Cambridge."I was only appointed about 10 days ago, so I’m jumping right into the job," he says with a chuckle. "Kate actually wore one of our bags last month and there was a surge for it on the website. We never know when she’ll wear Aspinal of London because [the royals are] not allowed gifts. But this shows they organically love the brand and want to support it."  The "Kate Middleton effect" is indeed still very real.As the brand's new head, Deacon oversees its core line and conceptualizes two collections a year (in addition to running his own couture business, of course). In July, before he took on the role, Deacon worked on a special capsule collection with Aspinal of London—his first major moment with the retailer. The pieces range from a tote bag to mini hatbox to luggage tags, which feature prints of "very modern and cosmopolitan ladies." The collection officially launched this week in the U.S. at Barneys New York.Giles x Aspinal Mini Trunk, $875SHOP ITGiles x Aspinal Set of Two Luggage Tags, $95SHOP ITGiles x Aspinal Hepburn Bag, $1,375SHOP ITGiles x Aspinal Regent Tote, $720SHOP IT"I love the aesthetic of the bags because they're very structured and beautifully made. I thought it would be great to do Aspinal through my eyes and get those techniques I use within my couture work into the capsule collection. I used a lot of prints, colors, and texture," he says.Yes, Kate and Pippa love the brand, but Deacon says that business women are top customers, gravitating towards the bags for their structure and functionality. The question now remains: Will Meghan Markle be the next royal to wear something from the brand? We'll just have to wait and see.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Lingerie? Where?I know what you're thinking: How can the models at the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show be any more naked than they already are? Most are in their bra and underwear while wearing wings as their main prop (not an easy feat, mind you). But, leave it to the giant lingerie retailer to come up with creations that give the illusion of being naked. (Have you seen Elsa Hosk's $1 million dollar fantasy bra?) Not all looks were created equal in terms of nakedness, so here we found the most naked ones to reminisce over.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			 No bra, no problem. It was a big night for the Victoria's Secret models, including power duo Bella and Gigi Hadid. After walking in the show together in 2016, the two sisters again shared the same runway last night in New York City. Bella, who walked her third VSFS, modeled a blue lingerie set with feathery wings and then a sportier black ensemble while her beau The Weeknd cheered her on from the front row. While the show gave us plenty of lingerie inspo, post-runway came the sparkly and sheer gowns. For the after-party, Bella wore a plunging neckline dress by Julien Macdonald. It dipped low in the back and the metallic shimmery dress was completely see through. Since it was freezing at night, as Bella left the after-party, The Weeknd sweetly took off his jacket and draped it over her shoulders to shield her from the cold. As they got into their car, it appeared the two had their own late-night plans because then they were spotted near Artichoke Basille's Pizza. The model changed into a second, even more naked look. For her second outfit, Bella wore a nude bodycon minidress with high-top sneakers—a casual change from her silver pumps on the pink carpet. She ditched the bra and seemed to brave the cold once again with The Weeknd by her side. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You need to see the models' outfits from this angle.Just when you thought you've seen every photo from the 2018 Victoria's Secret Show, we found these shots taken from behind. From this vantage point, you can see the models' view when they walk back down the runway. There are close-up shots of wings, not to mention cheekier lingerie angles you can't see from the front. And the enormous wings, somehow, even look more stunning from behind. Don't believe us? See the best snaps taken from the back.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			What Gigi, Bella, Winnie, and Kendall changed into after the show.After the angels stepped off the runway at the 2018 Victoria's Secret Fashion Show, it was time to put on some party clothes (though that doesn't mean any less sparkly or naked) and hit the after party. Here, see what Gigi and Bella Hadid, Winnie Harlow, Behati Prinsloo, and the rest of the VS models changed into after the show, because the night is just getting started.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's hard to pick a favorite.The 2018 Victoria's Secret Fashion Show won't officially air on TV until December 2, but we've already got a sneak peek at all of the lingerie looks. This year's spectacle took place in New York City and featured familiar faces such as Taylor Hill, Behati Prinsloo, Kendall Jenner, Gigi Hadid, and Bella Hadid. Newcomers Kelsey Merritt and Mélie Tiacoh also walked, while Elsa Hosk debuted the $1 million dollar fantasy bra. The themes for this year's runway event ranged from plaid to moonlight. Before we reveal too much, however, check out all the lingerie outfits ahead. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The Victoria's Secret Fashion Show is basically the Super Bowl for models. And this year, it was better than ever with performances from The Chainsmokers and Adriana Lima's last VS walk ever. (The model is retiring after 20 years with the brand, and had an emotional farewell on the runway.) Before all the madness, we headed backstage to chat with the models while they were eating, getting their hair and makeup done, and goofing around with one another. (They all wore their trademark pink VS robes, of course.) If you're wondering what the key to their confidence is, the ladies told us exactly what they whisper to themselves before they walk the runway. They also divulged the one song they can't stop listening to, because hey, that helps with feeling good and powerful too, right? (You can watch the show December 2 on ABC.)Song: Ariana Grande is my life right now. I love "Thank U, Next." I also love Halsey’s new song "Without Me." She’s performing today and I get to walk to it. Words of confidence: I think we all have to tell ourselves that we’re supposed to be here because we worked so hard to get here. No one can take this away from us. That’s the mindset we have to have because there’s a lot of different energies going on, so you have to keep your center. I usually just go to the girl in front of or behind me and tell them they will do great, hoping everyone around me is happy.Song: I’ve been obsessed for a few months already with Sean Mendes’ "There’s Nothing Holdin' Me Back."Words of confidence: Just to breathe. Don’t forget to breathe and to enjoy the moment. The hard work is already done, this is the part where you have fun.Song: "Thank U Next" by Ariana Grande.Words of confidence: I just pray that God blesses my feet.Song: "Thank U Next" by Ariana Grande. It’s such a powerful song and I love the message behind it because at the end of the day, self-love is important and the song's catchy.Words of confidence: There’s a lot of thoughts going on right before, but ultimately I say thank you and embrace the moment. Song: The one playing backstage right now.Words of confidence: I can do it. Song: Dancing in the Moonlight by Toploader.Words of confidence: You’re smart, you’re kind, and you deserve this.Song: "Money" by Cardi B.Words of confidence: I say to myself you belong here. It’s hard because there are so many amazing, powerful women who have graced the Victoria's Secret stage, so you get a little insecure sometimes. It’s important to remind yourself that you belong here and there’s a reason you’re here, so rock it.Song: "Lost in Japan" by Shawn Mendes.Words of confidence: I always tell myself to own it and smile.Song: My favorite song right now is "Youngblood" by 5 Seconds Of Summer.Words of confidence: Before I head out I like to tell myself, you’ve worked really hard and you can do this. Song: It’s an African song, it’s called "Pana." Words of confidence: You’ve got this, Lais.Song: "Taki Taki" by DJ Snake.Words of confidence: Just be yourself and have a good time. Show your personality on stage. Tonight, I will be looking out for my children because they’ll be in the audience watching. I want to make them proud.Song: I've been singing since I was very young, so music is my obsession. The one song I have stuck in my head lately is "Unbreak My Heart." It’s not new, but because I love to practice singing, I’m working on it now.Words of confidence: Today is the day. Today is the day, really enjoy it! That’s all I have to keep telling myself, so that I can have fun and live in the moment. I have to pinch myself to remind me that today is the day I’ve always been wanting, so I’m very happy to be here.Song: I’m always obsessed with Ed Sheeran. Words of confidence: Don’t trip.Song: "Thank U Next" by Ariana Grande and "Without me" by Halsey. Words of confidence: I feel like I don’t think that much before I go out there. I just try to be in the moment and take it all in.Song: I don’t have an iPad and I don’t have music on my phone, so anything that my boyfriend plays I’m cool with. Words of confidence: I’m here because they want me to be here. They chose me and I did everything that I could. I gave everything I had.Song: Anything from Ed Sheeran.Words of confidence: You can do this. I haven’t experienced it yet, so I feel like just go for it. Enjoy it as much as possible.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			 She announced the news on Instagram. After 20 year's with Victoria's Secret, Adriana Lima announced she was retiring from the lingerie brand. The model shared on Instagram, "Dear Victoria, Thank you for showing me the world, sharing your secrets, and most importantly not just giving me wings but teaching me to fly. And all the ❤️ to the best fans in the 🌎! Love, Adriana 💖" Over the course of her career, the 37-year-old supermodel, who is beloved by the VS family, has opened the show five times and worn the multi-million dollar Fantasy Bra three times (not many can say the same). Her departure from VS comes just one year after fellow model and BFF Alessandra Ambroiso retired from the brand. In honor of Lima's wildly successful years as an Angel, reminisce over her best runway moments. (Does anyone have tissues?)		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Years later, it still looks amazing.Tonight, in London, Prince William and Kate Middleton are attending the 2018 Tusk Conservation Awards together. The special ceremony celebrates individuals who have contributed to environmental efforts and conservation across Africa. One of the three awards is even named after Prince William, which the future King of England will present himself.For the formal event, Prince William chose a black tux. His wife, meanwhile, wore an aqua green Jenny Packham dress, which she recycled from the 2012 Olympic gala. It featured lace cap sleeves with a beaded green belt and looked absolutely breathtaking. She styled the outfit with an embroidered clutch, Jimmy Choo heels, and the Queen's diamond chandelier earrings. While Prince William has attended the annual award event for the past few years, this is only Kate's second time at the event. The last time she attended the Tusk Conservation Awards was in 2013, where she wore a sequined Jenny Packham dress and Jimmy Choo platform heels. That was the Duchess of Cambridge's first official engagement since giving birth to Prince George. This time around, however, the mother of three has already settled nicely back into her royal duties. (Kate came back from maternity leave last month to visit the Sayers Croft Forest School and Wildlife Garden.)Kate's Jenny Packham dress in 2013: Kate's Jenny Packham dress in 2018:It's the same one she wore in 2012:The two looks compared:Although both gowns are from the British label, they were different in terms of fabric and color. It seems this year, Kate preferred a brighter teal look. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			No more frozen toes in winter.The thought of going to work in the snow just became more bearable, thanks to Jimmy Choo. The luxury footwear brand launched its latest boot—The Jimmy Choo Voyager—that's not only super sleek and stylish but also has a genius function too. The lightweight boot has a heated sole (!!) and was designed in partnership with smart shoe technology Zhor-Tech. How it works: The heated insole is controlled wirelessly by a mobile app, so you can adjust the temperature for each sole to your preference. The range goes from 77°F to 113°F (or 25°C to 45°C). The heating power reportedly lasts up to eight hours, depending on the environment you're in and you can recharge your boot (there's a USB port hidden underneath the back collar)."The Jimmy Choo Voyager represents the first step into an exciting new territory. Wearable technology is still in its infancy and our first consideration when developing the Jimmy Choo Voyager was functionality," said Sandra Choi, the creative director of Jimmy Choo, in a statement. And functional it is. The boot's lugged commando sole is built for traction (don't let the snow keep you from your weekend hikes) and the shoe itself is water resistant, making them the perfect alternative to your clunkier rain boots.As for the insides of the footwear, there is a shearling lining to provide extra warmth and comfort as you battle the bitter cold. Say no more, I'm 100 percent sold on these boots. I'm adding a pair to my holiday wish list right now.Jimmy Choo Voyager in black, $1,895SHOP ITJimmy Choo Voyager in navy, $1,895SHOP ITJimmy Choo Voyager in white, $1,795SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Zara is a favorite of Kate Middleton."Royals, they're just like us!" You've seen that headline enough to sometimes doubt it's authenticity. But never has this rang truer than when it comes to jeans. Like the rest of us, royal women wear, maybe even hoard, denim. Kate Middleton loves her skinny jeans while the Queen of Spain prefers a little flare. The Duchess of Cambridge has worn them on numerous occasions to public events and outings, as has her newly minted sister-in-law. So where do royals buy their go-to demin? We did a little research to find the exact brands and styles, and where we couldn't, we found similar options. Happy shopping!Meghan paid tribute to her adopted home, Canada (that's where her show Suits was filmed) with a pair of black jeans from Outland Denim. She wore them several times throughout the royal tour with Prince Harry this month. Evidently, they're super comfortable.Outland Denim harriet in black jeans, $180SHOP ITFor an eight-day visit to Canada, Kate broke out her black skinny jeans from Zara. If this fast fashion retailer is good enough for the royal, it's good enough for me. Luckily, Zara has plenty of black jeans in stock.Zara premium skinny stay black jeans, $50SHOP ITPrincess Maria-Olympia of Greece and Denmark, 22, chose a pair of jeans that spoke to her youthful style for a recent walk with a pup. The distressed denim with frayed hems were on-trend, especially when paired with black Chanel ankle boots. Mother the tomcat jeans, $245SHOP ITTo watch an ultra marathon in Holyhead, Wales, in 2013, Kate—who had just given birth one month earlier to Prince George—wore a green blazer, printed shirt, and black skinny jeans by Paige.Paige transcend skyline skinny jeans, $179SHOP ITMegan loves her Mother jeans. She was first spotted in the denim label at the 2017 Invictus Games. She wore the brand for the event this year, choosing a black pair for the 2018 Invictus Games on Cockatoo Island, Australia. Mother looker skinny jeans, $196SHOP ITPrincess Charlene of Monaco does casual-elegant so well. The royal attended an event in Pietermaritzburg, South Africa in 2011 wearing a bright red shirt paired with dark-rinse skinny jeans that showed off her brown sandals.Everlane mid-rise skinny jean, $68SHOP ITCrown Princess Mette-Marit of Norway is another royal who loves jeans. For a shopping trip in London, the princess wore a gray blazer, white turtleneck top, and dark blue bootcut jeans, a favorite amongst her fellow royals. 7 For All Mankind (b)air tailorless iconic bootcut jeans, $111SHOP ITFor one of the first events following her maternity leave for the birth of Prince Louis, Kate visited the Sayers Croft Forest School and Wildlife Garden in London. She wore a comfortable outfit, which included two pieces she loves: her olive Zara jeans and Penelope Chilvers boots.   Zara zippered jeans, $40SHOP ITHowdy, Kate. The Duchess of Cambridge and Prince William attended The Calgary Stampede Parade in 2011 and Kate's cowboy-inspired look was on theme. Though her Goldsign bootcut jeans have long sold out, we found a similar style you can add to your denim repertoire. Goldsign slim boot cut jeans, $229SHOP ITQueen Rania doesn't wear jeans often, but when she does, she'll often chooses a classic bootcut style. A suede double-breasted beige jacket completed this casual yet chic ensemble. Joe's hi rise honey curvy bootcut jeans, $125SHOP ITKate wore a pair of J.Brand jeans while playing with Prince George at the Gigaset Charity Polo Match in 2015. The dressed-down look was perfect for a day outdoors, where she sat on the grass and chased after her toddler.J.Brand 811 skinny jeans, $248SHOP ITPrincess Madeleine of Sweden looked super polished in white jeans when she attended the 2012 Innovation Forum seminar in Marstrand, Sweden. She kept it casual with a navy puffer jacket and black flats.Citizens of Humanity white jeans, $178SHOP ITFor her first royal tour, Meghan packed plenty of jeans. For a visit to Auckland, New Zealand, she pulled out these black skinnies from J.Crew. J.Crew pull-on toothpick jeans, $75SHOP ITMeghan so far has stuck to blue and black denim, but Kate's tried it all. She's not afraid to wear color, as pictured here in 2012. The Duchess of Cambridge wore coral jeans from J.Brand while meeting Great Britain's Hockey Team at the Riverside Arena in London.  J.Brand Alana crop skinny jeans, $228SHOP ITLike Queen Rania, Queen Letizia of Spain enjoys a classic bootcut jean. She wore a pair it with a graphic tee, a cognac-colored leather jacket, and matching boots.AG the new angle bootcut jeans, $178SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The outfit weighs more than 27 pounds.On Thursday, November 8, a host of winged, bedazzled, and lingerie-clad angels will take the runway at the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show. Dutch model Romee Strijd will be walking for her fifth time, this year wearing a crystal-covered Swarovski bodysuit and handmade 3D star wings for the Celestial Angel section of the show.The 23-year-old is the 12th model to wear a Swarovski look (there's one every year at the show) and shared with us the exact moment she received this happy news. "My agent called me when I was having dinner with my family back in Holland, so I stepped away for a second to pick up the phone. I came back with a huge smile on my face and told my family the news, I couldn’t keep it a secret for even a minute," she reveals."To be chosen to wear one of the most sparkling looks in the show is amazing. It’s such an honor and it means a lot to me," says Strijd, who made her VS runway debut in 2014 and became an official Victoria's Secret Angel in 2015.  The bodysuit contains 70,o00 Swarovski crystals, which were placed to look like a star-strewn night sky. The long-sleeved one-piece also features a constellation of Swarovski crystals that runs diagonally from neck to hip, creating "a celestial stardust effect." A creation of this magnitude, of course, required a lot of time and work: It took over 150 hours to apply the Swarovski crystals to the bodysuit.Meanwhile, the seven-pointed silver star created by Marian Hose breaks the traditional mold of feathery wings. The circular cutouts grow smaller as they reach the outer points, creating a radiating effect. Chessboard crystals were then placed inside each of the circles, giving more dimension and depth to the wing. It took a team of experts 150 hours to apply over 55,000 Swarovski crystals and the wing itself weighs 20 pounds."I couldn’t believe how sparkly and shiny the wings were, it’s definitely the heaviest wings I’ve carried so far too, but it's all worth it," she says.The total weight of the Swarovski outfit is 27 pounds, but that doesn't seem to worry Strijd who wears it with confidence and enthusiasm. The model, after all, also went through countless fittings to make sure the bodysuit and star accessory were actually wearable ahead of her big runway moment.   Strijd  will be one of many wearing incredible looks on Thursday night (fellow VS model Elsa Hosk will debut the $1 million dollar fantasy bra), but Strijd's outfit will be the brightest of them all—literally. When we asked her how she will own the moment on the runway, she replies, "I’m just going to enjoy the moment and of course shine. I will probably not be able to stop smiling." 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			This is how the professionals at Van Cleef & Arpels make fine jewelry.   Curious how the pros make fine jewelry? Marie Claire Accessories Director Julia Gall goes behind the scenes at L’Ecole School of Jewelry Arts, a jewelry arts school in New York City, to test the tricks of the trade. The picturesque fall view of the courtyard of Academy Mansion, one of my favorite places in the city and home to L’Ecole School of Jewelry Arts in support from Van Cleef & Arpels from October 25th to November 9th. Aside from a choice of lectures and courses about technique, history ,and gemology, the school has several exhibitions throughout the mansion, all open to the public.Dressed in my “school uniform,” I'm ready to go!Our resident expert for the day, lacquer master Franck, demonstrated the techniques of decorating, 3 elements that make up half of the lacquering process in jewelry and decorative arts.The Japanese Urushi lacquer technique is an ancient process that has been brought to L’Ecole just three years ago for the students in Paris and now New York.First using gofun (a white chalk made from seashells) we traced our design to transfer to our butterfly, a very complicated process to simply help me stay in the lines.Then the fun part! Using the plain lacquer (made from sap from a Japanese sumac or lacquer tree), we added the base for the gold dust powder to stick to in applying our golden accents. The dusting happens when you ever so elegantly tap the hollow bamboo brush to disperse the gold—a heavenly process called Maki-e. I officially want my next career to be Professional Gold Duster.After dusting off the excess (and adding even more gold accents than my initial design included), we were finally ready to add the color. Bengara is the term for color lacquer. It was really easy mixing yellow and red to create the orange I was after, but it was challenging to paint with in such a small area—I was surprised how stiff it was.The final step was applying the small shards of mother of pearl. You dip the end of a pointed stick in water to pick up a single shard with ease, and place it in a spot where plain lacquer was applied to act like a glue. It was the perfect accent for the Monarch butterfly look I was aiming for!The lacquer takes 5 days to dry (the pro tip was to store it in the shower, as humidity helps the process). Finally, my Monarch butterfly and I were finished! And I left with a certificate in this course, meaning I am able to qualify for a further course another time. So who knows, maybe I can make myself a career gold duster after all!L’Ecole School of Jewelry Arts through November 9th at Academy Mansion, 2 E 63rd Street, New York, NY. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Will the Duchess of Sussex wear heels? Trousers? Pencil skirts?Meghan Markle officially announced her pregnancy (with the help of Kensington Palace) on October 15 and since then, her fans have been tuned in to her maternity style. Because Meghan is in the early stages of pregnancy, and just wrapped a 16-day royal tour (where she was expected to dress to impress), the Duchess' style hasn't changed all too much. She's mostly chosen neutral-colored empire waist dresses and sleek trousers—shop our favorite pieces, here—though she has on a couple of occasions forgone the heels we're used to seeing her in at royal events and opted for flats or sneakers instead. But will her style shift as her pregnancy progresses? I asked several fashion experts—including the designer behind Seraphine, a maternity wear brand both Middleton sisters have been spotted in—to weigh in. Together, we're predicting how Meghan's personal style might change and what we can expect more (or less) of in the coming months. Perhaps (fingers crossed!) her fashion choices over the coming months will have their own "Meghan effect," influencing maternity designers to create more conservative-but-not-dowdy clothing options for other expectant mothers.  On the tour, the Duchess of Sussex armed herself with navy and black dresses. It seems she favors them as go-to colors, even though many royal family members do not wear black often. "I think it is a tradition of the royal family to not wear black because the queen doesn’t wear it and black is often associated with burials," says Cecile Reinaud, founder of London-based maternity line Seraphine. "But, Meghan has been wearing it since her engagement and, in pregnancy, it’s quite an easy choice because of its slimming factor. If she decides to stick with this, she might accent her black outfits with more colorful shoes and bags." As TV personality, style expert, and current Marshalls partner Clinton Kelly puts it, "Meghan is using fashion to assert her own independence, which is something Prince Harry can relate to." Plus, there is no rule that states a royal cannot wear black while pregnant. Since Meghan has a preference for darker hues, it would be safe to assume she'll continue wearing them well into her pregnancy; the colors are already organically part of her wardrobe.As for her footwear choices, the Duchess of Sussex packed quite a few designer pairs of heels for the royal tour, but also managed to sneak in some daytime-appropriate flats, including brown sandals and comfy sneakers. In fact, she wore her white Veja kicks for the first time ever as a royal while in Australia.At some point, "she may drop the heels," says Reinaud. "It’s very much dictated by your back. Some women have back pains quite strongly in the last trimester of pregnancy and others don’t, so if Meghan feels strain, she may not wear them." For now, however, the Duchess seems perfectly comfortable walking around in her suede Manolo Blahniks. If there's one key piece you likely won't see Meghan getting rid of soon, it's her trousers. The Duchess is known to wear pants more often than Kate Middleton. (She wears this Altuzarra pair frequently.)As the royal baby grows, our sources suspect Meghan will stay true to her preferences, adapting, as needed. MarieClaire.com's exclusive royal wedding expert and bridal designer Caroline Castigliano shares her prediction: "I expect Meghan will wear the bump trousers and then have shirts and jackets that are loose in style to wear over top."Reinaud echoes that sentiment, saying, "Meghan has her own defined style and I’m sure she will do things differently than Kate Middleton. For example, she often wears trousers and Kate does not. I can foresee Meghan continuing to wear those in her pregnancy."If she's looking for advice on where to shop over the next few months, Meghan could turn to her sister-in-law, the Duchess of Cambridge, for tips on which maternity brands to wear. After all, Kate has mastered maternity dressing three times already! In the past, Meghan has worn brands Kate loves, two being Goat and Emilia Wickstead. "We had Kate, who was pregnant at the time, pass by the store and that’s how she started shopping and then coming in with her personal stylist," reveals Reinaud, explaining that Seraphine conveniently has a store located right behind Kensington Palace. "It made a lot of sense she would choose our brand as we’ve dressed celebrities and the royal family before her. It felt quite natural."It seems Kate passed the word along to her sister, Pippa, who also shopped in the Kensington store. Pippa gave birth a couple weeks ago to a baby boy, one day after Meghan announced she was expecting. Though we see nothing wrong with it (wear what makes you feel comfortable!), don't expect the Duchess of Sussex to step out of her house in sweats or fuzzy slippers. Meghan will keep to her ladylike style for public engagements and continue to wear sophisticated designer tops and dresses that speak to her elegant and classic taste. "We can probably expect Meghan to wear empire waist dresses, maternity sheath dresses, and maybe a shift dress in the future," Kelly says.Perhaps, one of these months, Meghan will even debut a custom maternity creation by Givenchy? I'll be waiting for that one.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Wait until you see the puffer leg warmers.Your winter wardrobe doesn't stop at sweaters and coats. You need proper accessories too. When the wind's blowing from all sides, a knitted hat or wool scarf is the difference between a brutal day and a winter wonderland. This season, make sure your winter accessories drawer is stocked with all the goods 2018 has to offer. When the time comes, your (super chic) armor will protect you from the hail, snow, or slush. Kate Spade beanie, $58SHOP IT Fight off the chills in this playful Kate Spade hat. Wear it with your favorite black sweater and jeans for a date to the ice rink or use it to dress down your velvet NYE dress. My suggestion: Order two just in case your sister decides to steal yours when you're both home for the holidays. Aritzia cashmere mitten, $38SHOP ITLast season, you gifted your family cashmere sweaters. This season, gift them these cashmere mittens. They come in two other colors (black and pink), but my favorite is the beige for its versatility. The snug accessory will provide you—and everyone on your list—warmth all winter long.Think Royln puffer scarf, $178SHOP ITThis season's It jacket is the puffer, but why stop there? For all my trendsetters, this metallic puffy accessory is the statement piece your closet is missing—warm and cool at the same time.Think Royln leg warmers, $98SHOP ITIf you're fully on-board with the puffer jacket and the puffer scarf, go one step further and layer on these metallic leg warmers, unlike any other accessories I've seen this season. Don't worry about looking like the Michelin Man, you're way cooler. Bari Lynn rabbit ear muffs, $60SHOP ITI've accepted the fact that I don't have the face or head for hats. Therefore, I swear by earmuffs in the winter. These cozy ones from Bari Lynn are soft, fluffy, and slightly oversized (very on-trend). Once you give these a try, you'll ditch your trapper hat for good. Gucci cashmere-blend hood, $590SHOP ITIs your coat missing a hood? This Gucci snood is the answer. Made from a soft wool and cashmere blend, the super cozy makeshift hood is the definition of functional and fashionable. Pull it on before you grab your coat and head out the door. Blizzards have nothing on you or your wardrobe.Alexander Wang logo tights, $125SHOP ITThe branded tights' super-subtle lettering is hardly noticeable, which means you can rock them with everyday dresses and skirts. They add just a dash of style to your ensemble without overpowering it.& Other Stories suede gloves, $69SHOP ITThe combination of leather and suede give these gloves an ultra luxurious feel. Sure, the fingerless knit number you've been wearing for years offers edgy street style cred, but this classy pair goes much better with power-lady suits and date-night cocktail dresses. Adrienne Landau fur headband, $85SHOP ITSame cozy feel and temperature modulation as a beanie but without the hat hair. It comes in black and taupe, so take your pick, then, pull on your favorite chunky sweater and snow boots.Soia & Kyo geometric scarf, $75SHOP ITThis oversized geometric print scarf can double as a blanket for frigid offices or arctic planes. And splashes of light pink, gray, and black mean it will match well with pretty much any coat. I'm ready to snuggle up under this now.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I'll be wearing the Mickey cap to work.Mickey Mouse turned 90 this year (a big milestone in anyone's life), so to celebrate in the fashion world, brands created special collections to honor this beloved character. Levi's launched Mickey motif denim jackets, while Rag & Bone offered a Mickey-covered button-down shirt. One designer in particular, Gigi Burris, has a special, nostalgic tie to Disney and ended up creating some wearable pieces for her eponymous label Gigi Burris Millinery."I grew up in Central Florida, so I went to visit Walt Disney World all through out my childhood," said Burris in a statement. "One of my absolute favorite things for this collection has been trips back to the Walt Disney World Parks for 'research.'"The designer collaborated with Disney to create a handful of Mickey Mouse hats and headpieces, a topic she happens to specialize in. (Burris studied under couture milliner Leah Chalfen at Parsons School of Design and then apprenticed with Chalfen in her personal studio.) The accessories range from $210 to $450 and help us celebrate the magic Mickey brought into our lives. "My favorite piece in the collection is the 1928 cap, which is named after the year of Mickey's inception," Burris said. The collection will be available to shop on Burris' website and on Nordstrom Space. Check out some images from the campaign, then shop our favorite Mickey pieces.  Disney x Gigi Burris signature mickey, $210SHOP ITDisney x Gigi Burris icon cap, $350SHOP ITDisney x Gigi Burris 1928 cap, $410SHOP ITDisney x Gigi Burris true original, $375SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Grab your wings!Models are gearing up for one of the biggest runway events in the world: The Victoria's Secret Fashion Show. Over 30 models confirmed via social media that they are walking in this year's show on Thursday, November 8. Some notable returnees are Sui He, Shanina Shayk, Zuri Tibby, Devon Windsor, and Behati Prinsloo, after a three-year absence from the runway (she took the time off for her pregnancies). Meanwhile, 21-year-old Kelsey Merritt made headlines for becoming the first Filipino model to walk in the VSFS.Ahead of this week's event, however, one big question still remained:Who will receive the honor of wearing the famed fantasy bra? Today, People revealed that Swedish model Elsa Hosk will rock the one-million dollar look. The 29-year-old Angel will be debuting a bra and underwear set, which took over 930 hours to create—no big deal. Hosk revealed to us what it's like to put the pieces on and said:Past Angels who have worn the exquisite fantasy bras include Candice Swanepoel and Lais Ribeiro. As for the performers at this year's event, the line up looks like this:Bebe Rexha, The Chainsmokers, Halsey, Kelsea Ballerini, Rita Ora, Shawn Mendes, and The Struts. (In the past, Taylor Swift, Ariana Grande, and The Weeknd have all sang on stage.) This latest piece of news comes after fans learned both Gigi Hadid and Kendall Jenner will walk in the VSFS. (Shoe designer Brian Atwood accidentally spilled the beans on his Instagram.) This latest piece of news comes after fans learned both Gigi Hadid and Kendall Jenner will walk in the VSFS. (Shoe designer Brian Atwood accidentally spilled the beans on his Instagram.)The event itself will be held in New York City. The last time it was held in the big apple was 2015. For the past two years, the runway has been hosted abroad—Paris in 2016 and Shanghai in 2017—but it seems the pull of NYC was just too strong this year. In addition, Charlotte Tilbury will be doing the models makeup while designer Mary Katrantzou will reveal a capsule collection with Victoria's Secret during the runway show. The pieces will also be available to shop. "I wanted the collection to be colorful and uplifting, bold, and strong. It’s designed to empower women to have fun with their undergarments and feel free to explore pattern and color as a second skin,” she said to Vogue. “The pieces can be worn as undergarments or as actual clothing, so all the fabrications have dual purpose. I wanted to stay true to our brand heritage, so pattern and color are integral to the collection, but we always kept the Victoria’s Secret girl central to the design process."As for the footwear the models will be wearing on the runway, designer Brian Atwood will create the shoes once again. He confirmed the news on his own Instagram and in the process, hinted both Gigi Hadid and Kendall Jenner will walk in the show. The brand later posted an Instagram photo confirming the news and revealed Bella Hadid will also be in the show.Stay tuned for more details as we have them.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			New York's midterm elections are tomorrow (for a little cheat sheet, read this) and the elections are at the top of mind for everybody—including Gigi Hadid. On Sunday, the model stopped by for her Victoria's Secret Fashion Show fitting in New York City and took the opportunity to send an important political reminder: Get out there and vote. (Photographers were on hand to capture this moment, of course.) Gigi wore a colorful graphic top by Prabal Gurung that read "Vote" with an oversize blazer, jeans, and black booties from Stuart Weitzman. She carried a tiny orange Stalvey bag and wore a pair of blue-tinted sunglasses from Le Specs. The spotlight was on her message telegraphed by her T-shirt, which isn't unusual for the model. The 23-year-old has been been vocal when it comes to her political views, having voted for Hillary Clinton during her presidential run, and, most recently, weighing in on the Israel-Palestine conflict (she and her sister Bella Hadid are both half Palestinian). It's clear that the model wants all her fans to head to the polls on Tuesday, November 6 no matter where they are.She's not the only one encouraging people to vote. Fifty women, from Chrissy Teigen to Senator Elizabeth Warren, shared with MarieClaire.com the reason they're voting in the 2018 midterm elections. And, if you want to head to the polls in style, we've found similar tees to Gigi's below (her exact one is unfortunately sold out) in addition to other political merch.  Moda Operandi Exclusive x Monse tee, $120SHOP ITTory Burch vote tee, $68SHOP ITModa Operandi Exclusive x Brandon Maxwell tee, $195Moda Operandi Exclusive x Alice + Olivia tee, $125SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The Stella McCartney moment for anyone on a budget.There are a few elements of Meghan Markle’s life as royalty that most of us wouldn’t mind recreating. The career transition from successful Hollywood actress to beloved Duchess of Sussex might be a nice place to start. The handsome husband who says cute things about your future first child together is also pretty enviable. Those starting points might keep you busy for a little while, but at least now you can easily recreate her incredible wedding dress without spending thousands of dollars.With Meghan already now a style icon since joining the royal family, it’s surprising that it’s taken this long for Fashion Nova to start recreating her most famous looks, tbh. But finally, the Kardashian-Jenner go-to online store have made their own take on the second wedding dress worn by the new Duchess at St George’s Chapel back in May. It was popular opinion among royal family fans that the simple but stunning second dress was even better than her first.Spot the difference between Meghan’s now-iconic Stella McCartney gown, worn for the evening celebrations at Frogmore House after she and prince Harry tied the knot, and the Fashion Nova copy which comes in at an affordable $44.99. It’s been suitably named the ‘Royal Debut Dress’, and features an almost identical halter neck shape, floor-skimming dipped hem, figure-hugging silhouette, and also comes in their Curve range. As they say, the devil works hard, but Fashion Nova works harder.The one and only original gown was rumored to cost around $100,000, so it’s a pretty great saving if you’ve been dreaming of recreating her look ever since the big day. A month after the wedding, McCartney announced that she’d be selling a limited number of the dress design to the general public, but those ones still cost £3,500 (or about $4,657), and were only available by private appointment.Unfortunately the Fashion Nova replica doesn’t come with a matching Jaguar E-Type Concept Zero or a handsome prince to drive off into the distance with, but everyone’s got to start somewhere.You can shop the Meghan-inspired "Royal Debut" dress below:		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			If you are on the internet, you know who Chrissy Teigen is. You know how to pronounce her name properly, you loved her headband of the day saga, and you're obsessed with her posts of Luna and Miles. So, of course, I jumped at the chance to chat with Chrissy about her latest drop with Revolve.When we start our conversation, her home has been turned upside down by a tiny mouse. Yes, ladies and gentleman: John Legend and Chrissy Teigen, along with their friends, spent their afternoon trying to save a little rodent from drowning in their pool. "That’s what we love here," she says, laughing, before we jump into our interview. (I fervently hope that I, too, will one day spend my afternoons saving mice from our pool with my EGOT winner husband.)Let's face it, Chrissy has had a major year. Like, major. For a start, she gave birth to Miles, but she also published Cravings: Hungry for More, launched Cravings by Chrissy Teigen—her cookware line with Target—co-hosts Lip Sync Battle with LL Cool J, and is dropping her second Chrissy x Revolve collection. Plus, on top of also being the Queen of Social Media, mom to Luna, and wife to John, Chrissy is the internet best friend we all need.With the mouse situation taken care of, we began to chat.Tell me about your new Chrissy x Revolve collection.The new drop is so exciting. It really feels like my closet. Like, every single piece is something that I would wear. Something that I would really keep and be able to wear throughout the year.And, for me, it was all about wanting to look chic at the preschool. Like, that’s basically when I’m getting out of the house—when I’m driving with Luna to school. I wanted to be able to pop out of the car and go in and hang out with the other moms and still look like I had my shit going on. Like I still knew what I was doing, even though I'd have zero makeup on and just big sunglasses.I wanted everything to look effortlessly cool and chic. I don’t plan my outfits, really, I look up and I’m like, "This is the vibe I want. I just want to be comfy-cozy today." I have other shit going on. So I want it to be easy. Effortless. Chic.Did you have one favorite piece that you have in the collection?That one’s hard. I think the one I’m going to wear the most is the black tea duster. It did so well for the first drop, we brought it back for the second one. It's just so easy. It’s nice and sheer. It’s really light. I don’t feel that it’s ever gonna go out of style. There’s never going to be a time where I can’t wear it. There’s never a time where I can’t wear, like, giant earrings with it, or a pair of boyfriend jeans.For more of like a daytime duster, I love the green tea duster. I feel like that’s a perfect year-round piece, and I love the idea of like a cigarette, high-waisted pair of jeans and, like, a plain simple white bodysuit.I did a lot of men’s shirts and shirt dresses that you wear with a pair of thigh-high boots and not belt it. You can not belt the waist, or you can pick, like, the dopest, chic belt and also wear it with like a pair of gladiator sandals. Everything can be done in really different ways, and I love that about the collection.What would you say is your go-to style tip?A boyfriend jean, low on the waist. I find them two, three sizes up. I don’t know if it’s just my changing body, but boyfriend jeans—they’re making them slimmer and slimmer. They’re not what they used to be. They’re supposed to look like you found a pair of your man's jeans and just threw ‘em on. Like, holes in the knees. So I buy them extra big, and wear them with like a pair of Chloe sandals that I throw on with everything.That’s my absolute go-to. I love hats with them, and just a pair big of sunglasses and zero makeup. Like...a silk cami or bodysuit, boyfriend jeans, duster, sandals. That is my absolute every day go-to.Which of the pieces would you say you love the most for a lazy outfit?I will tell you, 90 percent of my day is so lazy. I think anyone that sees me just happens to see me basically at 2 percent because the other 8 percent would be just me naked. But I love the Elijah cardigan. It's super cozy. If you want to dress it up you can, but I will just wrap it around my body—I bought it extra big. That’s how I do most of my work during the day.What's one piece of clothing or jewelry that you would like to leave for Luna?Oh, man. Well, my wedding ring, obviously. I hope she’s a bag person, because I have so many incredible bags that I really don’t even wear. I’m the type of person that will get something, and then I’m like, "No, I don’t want to scratch it." So then I don’t wear it. I don’t really enjoy it. So I hope that she’ll get some use out of them one day.Pending we have the same shoe size, I have the first pair of shoes that was ever actually gifted to me for an event. It’s a pair of like Christian Louboutins, completely and totally rhinestoned out. I forget where I wore them, but I had worn this incredible Marchesa dress and it was the first time somebody had dressed me, ever. It was so long ago, and they had these shoes sent to me. And I will just never forget it. I have so many little pieces like that. And that’s why I keep them. Because I love throwing things out and donating things. My heart isn’t attached to too many items, but things like that I only keep because I could see her in them and her appreciating them one day.How do you deal with the trolls and negativity online?Depends how I’m feeling. You know, things hit you in a different way depending on when you read them. But I feel very fulfilled and very, very happy right now, so it’s almost like you can brush it off a little bit easier. You know, sometimes a lot of the digs are an insecurity I have, so sometimes it hurts a little bit more than it would any other person on any other day. I think, for me, if I keep myself happy, if I keep myself busy, it’s a lot easier for me to deal with stuff like that. And I have people say things to me now that I would have sobbed over.Things that they’ll say to me now, if they would have said it to me five years ago I don’t think I would have been able to bounce back. Now, I can see the same thing and it’s just...We just have other things to worry about. And we as a country have bigger things to worry about. We have more important things to think about. We do. To close on a foodie note: What are your thoughts on pumpkin spice mania? Are you for or against it?I’m down for it year-round. I actually did just get pumpkin spice bagels from Dave's Killer Bread, and in my mind I’m like, "That sounds healthy, because it’s Dave’s Killer Bread." But it's still pumpkin spice. I’m over the drinking of it, though. If there's, like, chewable pumpkin spice things, I’m into it.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			How many do you remember? Every year, red carpets come and go—the SAGs, the Oscars, the VMAs, the Emmys, Cannes!—giving us more amazing dresses, than we can count. Choosing the best of the best is a tough job, but somebody's got to do it. Ahead, these are the best, most memorable, most lust-worthy outfits to walk a red carpet in 2018.The model bared it all (but in an elegant way) on the red carpet at the 2018 Cannes Film Festival in this see-through Schiaparelli gown. The model wore a Versace creation reminiscent of stained glass to the 2018 Met Gala on May 7.Davis attended the 2018 Academy Awards on March 4 in a bright pink Michael Kors Collection dress with matching clutch and Stuart Weitzman shoes.The star of Crazy Rich Asians attended the 2018 Emmy Awards on September 17. She wore a slinky sequined Jason Wu dress with Harry Winston jewels.Rihanna dressed like the pope at the 2018 Met Gala. Her three-piece jewel-encrusted outfit was from Maison Margiela.On January 11, Angelina attended the 23rd Annual Critics' Choice Awards. She wore a Ralph & Russo dress (with a fun, feathery bodice), Stuart Weitzman shoes, and Neil Lane jewelry.Blake stunned in her Versace dress for the 2018 Met Gala on May 7. She even had a hidden message in her outfit.Witherspoon wore a rich red one-shoulder Michael Kors gown to the premiere of A Wrinkle in Time on February 26 at the El Capitan Theatre in Hollywood.The actress attended the 2018 Emmy Awards on September 17 in a Brandon Maxwell dress and Harry Winston jewels. The singer attended the 2018 Met Gala on May 7 in a Vera Wang gown featuring a reprint of Michelangelo’s Sistine Chapel ceiling panting. She finished the look with Butani earrings.The best actress nominee wore a custom Chanel Haute Couture dress to the 2018 Academy Awards on March 4. She accessorized with a Chanel bag and jewels from the fashion house. For the 2018 Emmy Awards on September 17, Biel, who was nominated, wore a Ralph & Russo couture dress with Harry Winston jewels and a Tyler Ellis clutch.The Insecure star wore a Vera Wang jumpsuit with Tamara Mellon shoes and Piaget jewels to the 2018 Emmy Awards on September 17.The Duchess attended the British Academy Film Awards (BAFTAs) on February 18 in London. She wore a Jenny Packham emerald gown (and gorgeous emerald jewels to match!) and a Mascaro clutch.Clooney, a co-host of the 2018 Met Gala, wore a Richard Quinn outfit with Lorraine Schwartz jewels to the event on May 7. The model attended the 2018 Cannes Film Festival on May 12 in a Roberto Cavalli off-the-shoulder sheer dress.The star attended the 2018 Emmy Awards on September 17. She wore a simple-yet-gorgeous pleated green Dior gown and Lorraine Schwartz jewelry.The Stranger Things actress wore a Dolce & Gabbana dress with Jimmy Choo shoes and Lorraine Schwartz jewels to the 2018 Emmy Awards on September 17.The This Is Us star looked striking in this Ralph Lauren gown (in a stunning shade of cobalt blue) at the SAG Awards on January 21 in L.A.Haddish chose a Prabal Gurung dress for the 2018 Emmy Awards on September 17. The colors represented the flag of her father's country: Eritrea.Kidman looked every bit the Hollywood icon that she is at the 2018 Academy Awards. She wore an  Armani Privé dress with Christian Louboutin heels and Platinum by Harry Winston jewels.The teenager looked somehow darling and cool in a pink Calvin Klein dress with Converse sneakers at the 2018 SAG Awards.The actress attended the 2018 Academy Awards in a sustainable Elie Saab archival gown with vintage details and Tiffany & Co. jewelry.Spencer attended the 2018 Academy Awards in a Brandon Maxwell dress and Lorraine Schwartz jewels on March 4. She carried a Tyler Ellis clutch. The actress arrived to the premiere of Ocean's 8 on June 5 in NYC wearing an Elie Saab Haute Couture gown and Lorraine Schwartz jewelry.For the NYC premiere of A Quiet Place on April 2, Blunt went with a geometric Oscar de la Renta dress, Gianvito Rossi shoes, a Tyler Ellis clutch, and Lorraine Schwartz jewelry.The Black Panther star attended the 2018 Academy Awards looking like the Oscar statue itself in a gold Versace dress, Alexandre Birman shoes, and Niwaka jewels.On January 28, the singer arrived to the 60th annual Grammy awards in NYC while wearing an Ashi Studio dress, Messika jewelry, and Christian Louboutin heels. We love the short skirt with train that seems to flow from her shoulders!Kruger arrived to the 2018 Cannes Film Festival on May 13 in a one-shoulder Giorgio Armani Prive gown in a soft and beautiful shade of pastel blue.The actress looked slightly edgier than usual in a Dior dress and Niwaka jewelry at the 2018 Academy Awards on March 4.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Gigi Hadid cozied up in a coat.The models are cast, the performers were announced, and the show date is set—all that's left is for the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show to actually happen. Before the models strut down the runway to songs from The Chainsmokers, Halsey, Shawn Mendes, and more, however, they have to get fitted. The ladies arrived to the VS offices in New York City this week to try on lingerie, heels, and, what I can only imagine, the most beautiful wings ever. Their street style outfits weren't bad either. Check out what every model wore to their fittings, ahead. (This is more clothes than they will be wearing on Sunday, December 2.)		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			 The two grabbed a bite in New Orleans. Katie Holmes's shoe collection is best described as classic. She owns a pair of nude ballet flats (a must in any wardrobe) and a pair of black knee-high leather boots. So why expect her sneaker preference to be any different? The star was photographed having dinner with beau Jamie Foxx in New Orleans and stepped out in a casual peach-colored velour set. Instead of wearing heels, like some might for a night out, Holmes' chose a pair of comfy kicks from Adidas. The "Superstar Bold Leather" style costs $100 and is a little different than the beloved Stan Smith as it features a thicker sole. Though you might think $100 is too much to spend on sneakers, the versatility of this black-and-white pair makes it worth the price. We can picture Holmes' wearing it with a maxi dress, or with jeans as she often does.She'll likely wear the sneaker again, since she's packed it with her to New Orleans. The actress is currently in the area filming The Secret, based off the best-selling book on the power of positive thinking. Holmes sparked wedding rumors earlier this week when she was spotted wearing what fans thought was an engagement ring, but was actually a prop for her latest movie.Adidas superstar leather sneaker, $100SHOP ITAdidas superstar black sneaker, $89SHOP ITAdidas superstar sneaker, $80SHOP ITAdidas superstar leopard sneaker, $90SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The Duchess of Thrift.Now that the whirlwind first tour for Prince Harry and Meghan Markle has come to an end (quickest 16 days ever?), fans of the royal family have turned their attention back to London, England. While the central spotlight has undoubtedly fallen on the Duchess of Sussex and her baby bump recently, her sister-in-law Kate Middleton was out for her second engagement of the week on Wednesday, appearing at the Imperial War Museum ahead of the 100th anniversary of Armistice Day. As Kensington Palace explained, Kate heard about “the lives of her great grandmother’s three brothers, who fought and lost their lives in the First World War."The two Duchesses coincidentally shared another twinning moment in their most recent outfit choices—both opting for bold cobalt blue to attend separate royal appearances. While Meghan chose a Givenchy blue sweater and skirt combination to wrap up the tour down under, Kate chose a similar silhouette—although, in typical Recycling Royal style, we’ve seen her choice of outfit before. You might not realize it though, as a little clever editing to the Duchess of Cambridge’s dress meant that her old favorite Jenny Packham piece looked almost brand new.Continuing her current trend of rewearing pieces that she’s stepped out in before, Kate’s classic midi dress, with elegant flute sleeves and a modern shoulder shape, was first seen on the Duchess during her official visit to Canada in 2016. This time, Kate let her hair loose to cover the quirky, angular collar that used to feature prominently on the dress. Without it, the Jenny Packham piece looks a little more classic and simple.If the actual Duchess of Cambridge can make an official, royal, war-related appearance without needing a new outfit for the occasion, it probably means we should all stop buying so many new clothes every time we plan to go for margaritas.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Two months ago you would have never seen me in jeans. Now, I wear the same pair twice a week. In our biweekly series, our editors will be sharing "the item they wear to death," whether it be a basic white tee or a super-trendy jumpsuit. Prepare yourself (and your credit card) for some guilt-free shopping.I'm not a jeans person. Ask any of my friends, and they'll tell you that—until very recently—they've seen me in jeans once, maybe twice. (Wait, you're wearing jeans today? But you never wear jeans!) So when I finally found a pair that spoke to my soul (and my butt because, yes, I have one), I wholeheartedly took full advantage of them. Before I dive into why Mavi's high-rise fringe skinny jeans are the most underrated pair of pants in existence, you have to know this: Jeans were my worst nightmare growing up. While my friends were buying sizes 0 and 2 in Hollister and Abercrombie jeans, there I was at American Eagle checking out a size 6 or 8. When you're trying to build a solid wardrobe while simultaneously figuring out who you are as a person, size, inevitably, starts to creep into your identity. (I wish I could go back and tell myself to stop giving a fuck.) When every pair of jeans I tried on felt a little too tight or the rise was a little too low, I gave up on buying them. Anything was better than going a size up.  Today, I officially define my life in two phases: before Mavi jeans and after. As an editor who frequently covers fashion and lifestyle, I'm often sent new styles to try out. You can imagine how I felt when one of those packages included a pair of jeans (the horror!). After unfolding them, however, I became completely obsessed with the distressed fringe at the bottom (I love some good fringe). I decided to give them a shot. When I tried them on later that night, I couldn't believe 1) I didn't have to do the wiggle dance to put them on...they just slid up. Crazy! 2) They reached just above my belly button, allowing me to live that adult crop top life (see photo above) 3) They flattered my legs more than any other pair of pants I've worn in the last 23 years of life and 4) They simply made me feel good.It's been a little over two months since I first tried on the jeans and I have no shame admitting that I wear them once (twice?) a week. The Mavi bottoms have made appearances at a Jets game, a Rangers game, at my favorite bar, and at the office. They're so comfy, I've even worn them on a plane. The eye-catching fringe detail doesn't make it particularly easy to disguise how frequently I wear them, but I can't be bothered—I've finally found jeans that I want and feel comfortable enough to wear. Younger me would be thrilled.Grab a pair for yourself: 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			They're not sold out yet.Meghan Markle and Prince Harry have officially completed their first royal tour together. Meghan Markle packed over 30 different looks for their 76 engagements abroad, but not without some help. The Duchess of Sussex reportedly asked her BFF and stylist Jessica Mulroney to accompany her on the trip, no doubt to help curate and approve outfits for every day of the tour (Meghan and Prince Harry traveled with a 10-person staff).In addition, ever since Meghan announced her pregnancy, she's had more to consider when choosing her ensemble than just the day's activities. Comfort was key as she spent all day on her feet at some points, which is perhaps why she made a quick change from heels to flats while visiting the Taronga Zoo Sydney. Meghan's style has already proved to be quite different from Kate Middleton's in that she prefers modern, sleek designs often in neutral tones such as navy or beige. Her royal tour outfits reflected her contemporary tastes and we tracked every look while shopping out our favorite piece each day. On the final day of the royal tour, Meghan and Prince Harry slipped into more relaxed looks. While Prince Harry wore a button-down and trousers, Meghan bundled up in her Givenchy sweater and Norrøna puffer jacket. She re-wore her Mother jeans with a pair of Birdies slippers.Birdies black slippers, $120SHOP ITMeghan went for the full monochrome look in blue while participating in a walkabout in Rotorua, New Zealand. If you already own a similar sweater, get a matching pleated blue skirt to channel the Duchess of Sussex's outfit. We found one from Maison Margiela ahead.Maison Margiela pleated skirt, $1,995SHOP ITPrince Harry and Meghan wore traditional Maori cloaks called Korowai during a visit to Te Papaiouru, Ohinemutu, in Rotorua, New Zealand. If you love Meghan's taste in navy, shop a similar dress to her Stella McCartney, ahead.J.Crew résumé dress, $188SHOP ITMeghan and Prince Harry greeted fans in Auckland while on their way to a Pillars charity event. She wore an all-neutral ensemble and cradled her baby bump. While Meghan's classic Burberry trench coat is sold out, we found a similar style from the brand.Burberry trench coat, $2,090SHOP ITFor a reception at the Auckland War Memorial Museum, the Duchess of Sussex re-wore an Antonio Berardi dress with beige Aquazzura pumps.Aquazzura bow pumps, $650SHOP ITMeghan and Harry arrived in Auckland to unveil a plaque that dedicates a 20 hectare area of bush to the Queen’s Commonwealth Canopy. The Duchess of Sussex packed plenty of jeans for her daytime activities. Here she was spotted wearing a comfy pair from J.Crew, which are only $75! J.Crew toothpick jean, $75 SHOP ITOn Oct. 29, Prince Harry and Meghan met models wearing the work of industry leading artists in film, sculpture and costume design during a visit to Courtney Creative in Wellington, New Zealand. For the occasion, Meghan wore a custom white blazer dress by Maggie Marilyn, Manolo Blahnik pumps, and her diamond necklace by Jessica McCormack. The blazer design is 100 percent cotton and is ethically made in New Zealand. Pretty Little Thing white blazer dress, $42SHOP ITPrince Harry and Meghan dressed down for a visit to the Abel Tasman National Park. The Duchess of Sussex opted for a pair of black jeans from Outland Denim, Stella McCartney x Adidas faux leather sneakers, and a navy rain jacket by Seasalt.Stella McCartney vegan Stan Smith sneakers, $325SHOP ITWhile in New Zealand, Prince Harry and Meghan stopped by the Government House in Wellington for a reception. She wore a custom silk wool dress by Gabriela Hearst and accessorized with a Birks diamond earrings, as well as a Simon James necklace in collaboration with Jessica McCormack. We found a similar black gown, should you need one for fancy events.Peter Pilotto velvet dress, $595SHOP ITWhile meeting with young people in the mental health sector at the Wellington Cafe in New Zealand, Meghan wore an all-black outfit consisting of a black turtleneck, black jeans, and Stuart Weitzman lace-up boots. She covered up in a Club Monaco trench, which is currently sold out. Stuart Weitzman lace-up boots, $698SHOP ITMeghan and Harry arrived in New Zealand this weekend for the final leg of their royal tour. Once in Wellington, Harry and Meghan had a very full schedule, complete with meetings with the public and a visit to Pukeahu National War Memorial Park. Meghan paired a plaid Karen Walker Banks trench (which retails for $750) with a  very affordable ASOS maternity dress that costs just $60. ASOS Wiggle maternity dress, $60SHOP ITThe royal couple departed Sydney Airport for New Zealand on Oct. 28. For her airport outfit, Meghan wore her Aquazzura buckle pumps and a dress by Boss. She carried a Cuyana mini saddle bag. Cuyana mini saddle bag, $225SHOP ITThe Duchess of Sussex gave a speech during the closing ceremony of the Invictus Games at the Qudos Bank Arena in Sydney. She wore an olive green Antonio Berardi dress and a pair of beige Aquazzura buckle pumps. While her exact color is sold out, we did find a version in red.Aquazzura Casablanca pumps, $750SHOP ITFor Meghan and Harry’s last day in Australia, the duo attended the Invictus Games wheelchair basketball finals at the Quay Centre. The Duchess of Sussex wore her Sarah Flint heels, a Theodore Scanlan knitted top, and black jeans from Canadian brand Outland Denim. If you're looking for a pair of bottoms that matches everything, we found Meghan's exact denim. Outland Denim black jeans, $179SHOP ITThe couple arrived at the Australian Geographic Society Awards to present awards at the Shangri-La Hotel in Sydney. Prince Harry wore a navy suit, and Meghan stunned in a pre-fall 2018 Oscar de la Renta dress. The tulle creation was covered in bird motifs and even resembled this Harry Potter character's wedding dress. She wore a pair of black Aquazzura pumps and a Birks ring.Birks stackable ring, $2,995SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			We broke it down.Meghan Markle finished her 16-day royal tour with Prince Harry. Together, they've been to Australia, Fiji, Tonga, back to Australia, and New Zealand. Hard to keep up, right? What's even slightly more difficult is tracking all of Meghan's outfit changes— I mean, she's worn over 30 different looks. But as fans of the royals, this is a challenge we accept. We even tracked all of their cutest moments because...why not?We knew she would debut some new ensembles and designers on this trip, like Karen Gee and Safiyaa, to honor the countries she was visiting. The Duchess of Sussex has also re-worn many of the pieces she's packed, like her black Outland Denim jeans and Aquazzura navy pumps. This was a smart move on her part—the key to traveling light is making one piece work for multiple outfits. But since she is a royal, her travel essentials didn't lack designer goods or royal jewels (she's worn Princess Diana's aquamarine ring and butterfly accessories more than once). According to The Daily Mail, Meghan's royal tour wardrobe reportedly hit $211,000. We decided to investigate just how much Meghan spent on her travel looks, below, tracking everything from the dresses she wore to her fascinators. To date, she has spent over $68,o00 and that's not even including custom outfit designs and all the jewelry she has worn on the trip. It seems the Duchess has definitely hit that $200k or more mark of spending. Thankfully, the royal family a.k.a. Prince Charles is footing the bill. Meghan and Prince Harry arrived in Australia to kick off their 16-day royal tour.Shoes: Sarah Flint Jay Heels, $395SHOP ITMeghan attended an afternoon reception at Admiralty House.Dress: Brandon Maxwell, $1,895SHOP ITShoes: Tamara Mellon "Rebel 105" pumps, $395SHOP ITMeghan and Prince Harry met with representatives from all eighteen countries represented in the Invictus Games.Trench coat: Martin Grant, $1,690SHOP ITDress: Karen Gee, $1,800SHOP ITShoes: Stuart Weitzman, $375SHOP IT For a visit to the Taronga Zoo, Meghan switched into flats and slipped on a pair of sunglasses.Shoes: Rothy's, $145SHOP ITSunglasses: Krewe, $315SHOP IT For day two of the royal tour, Meghan and Harry visited Dubbo, a city in New South Wales.Blazer: Serena Williams, $145SHOP ITJeans: Outland Denim, $179SHOP ITButton-down shirt: Maison Kitsuné, $219SHOP ITBoots: J.Crew, $178SHOP ITMeghan arrived in Melbourne, Australia for day three of the royal tour.Dress: Dion Lee, $990SHOP ITShoes: Manolo Blahnik, $936SHOP ITPrince Harry and Meghan visited South Melbourne Beach on Oct. 18.Coat: Re-wore her Martin Grant trenchShoes: Re-wore her Rothy's flatsDress: Club Monaco, $268SHOP ITPrince Harry and Meghan were back with another beach outing at Bondi Beach. The two met Grant Trebilco and Sam Schumacher, founder and co-founder of OneWave, a local surfing community group raising awareness for mental health and well-being. Dress: Martin Grant, $1,420SHOP ITShoes: Castañer, $120SHOP ITMeghan and Prince Harry visited the MacArthurs Girls School where they watched performances and met the students.Dress: Roksanda, $1,850 (sold out)Shoes: Re-wore her Stuart Weitzman pumpsPrince Harry and Meghan attended the official opening of the ANZAC Memorial in Hyde Park.Dress: Emilia Wickstead, $2,080SHOP ITShoes: Tabitha Simmons, $695SHOP ITHat: Philip Treacy, email for pricingSHOP ITClutch: Givenchy, $1,990SHOP IT Prince Harry and Meghan attended the Invictus Games on Cockatoo Island.Blazer: Altuzarra, $1,595SHOP ITShirt: Invictus Sydney shirtJeans: Mother, $196SHOP ITShoes: Re-wore her Tabitha Simmons heelsSunglasses: Illesteva, $240SHOP IT The couple attended an evening reception to welcome the Invictus Games to Sydney. Coat: Gillian Anderson, $450SHOP ITDress: Stella McCartney, $1,995SHOP ITClutch: Dior, $1,822 (sold out)Shoes: Re-wore her Stuart Weitzman pumpsPrince Harry and Meghan joined the prime minister for a lunchtime reception with Invictus Games competitors, their families, and friends in Sydney. Blazer: L’Agence, $550 (sold out)Jeans: Re-wore her Mother or Outland Denim jeansShoes: Aquzzura, $750 SHOP ITBag: Oroton, $221SHOP IT The couple watched the sailing finals from a boat.Jacket: Invictus Games merch, $160SHOP ITShoes: Veja, $150SHOP ITSunglasses: Re-wore her Krewe sunglasses Meghan and Prince Harry attended a private garden party for the Invictus Foundation. Though photos were limited, you can see a snap of her actual dress here.Dress: Jason Wu, $1,995SHOP ITShoes: Re-wore her Aquazzura pumpsClutch: Jimmy Choo, $1,295SHOP IT Meghan Markle arriving in Hervey Bay enroute to K’gari for a well deserved rest. #babybump #royalbaby #herveybayecomarinetours #milbi #visitfrasercoast #queensland #herveybay #royalvisitaustralia #harryandmeghan #duchessofsussex #lovetheshoesA post shared by  Wil & Jacqui Hikuwai (@herveybayecomarinetours) on Oct 21, 2018 at 7:59pm PDTMeghan boarded a plane for Fraser Island in a polka dot dress.Dress: & Other Stories, $129 (sold out)Shoes: Sarah Flint, $245SHOP ITSunglasses: Karen Walker, $187SHOP ITMeghan joined Prince Harry on a walk around Fraser Island.Dress: Reformation, $218SHOP ITShoes: Re-wore her Sarah Flint sandalsSunglasses: Re-wore her Karen Walker sunglassesThe royals departed  Fraser Island for Fiji to begin their three-day visit there.Button-down shirt: Frank & Eileen, $228SHOP ITJeans: Re-wore her Outland Denim jeansShoes: Aquazzura, $558SHOP IT The Duchess of Sussex switched outfits when she landed at Nausori Airport on October 23 in Suva, Fiji. Dress: Zimmermann (price unknown)Hat: Stephen Jones (price unknown) Shoes: Re-wore her Tabitha Simmons pumpsClutch: Kayu, $235SHOP ITThe royal couple attended a reception dinner hosted by the President of Fiji.Dress: Safiyaa, $1,405SHOP ITShoes: Possibly re-wore her Manolo Blahnik heelsMeghan and Prince Harry visited the University of the South Pacific in Suva. They watched a cultural performance on the effects of climate change and met students from the campus.Dress: Figue, $1,495 (sold out)Shoes: Re-wore her Castañer espadrillesClutch: Suva tapa cloth bag (price unknown)Before leaving Fiji, the two made a pit stop to unveil the Labalaba statue at the Nadi Airport.Dress: Jason Wu, $1,695SHOP ITHeels: Re-wore her Manolo Blahnik pumpsClutch: Re-wore her Dior clutchMeghan switched outfits on the plane and arrived in a new look in Tonga. Dress: Self-Portrait, $486SHOP ITShoes: Re-wore her Manolo Blahnik pumpsClutch: Carried the same Dior clutchMeghan and Harry met the King of Tonga at a special reception at night.Dress: Theia, $995 SHOP ITShoes: Re-wore her Aquazzura pumpsClutch: Carried the same Givenchy clutchMeghan wore a striped dress while meeting with the prime minister of Tonga.Dress: Martin Grant, $1,385SHOP IT Clutch: Prada, $1,820SHOP ITPrince Harry and Meghan said their goodbyes in Tonga as they prepared to return to Sydney. Dress: Veronica Beard, $595SHOP ITShoes: Banana Republic, $65SHOP ITThe couple arrived at the Australian Geographic Society Awards to present awards at the Shangri-La Hotel in Sydney.Dress: Oscar de la Renta, $6,790Shoes: Re-wore her Aquazzura pumpsMeghan and Prince Harry attended the Invictus Games wheelchair basketball finals at the Quay Centre.Shirt: Theodore, $550SHOP ITJeans: Re-wore her Outland Denim jeansShoes: Re-wore her Sarah Flint heels The Duchess of Sussex gave a speech during the closing ceremony of the Invictus Games at the Qudos Bank Arena in Sydney. Dress: Antonio Berardi (price unknown)Shoes: Aquazzura, $750SHOP ITThe royal couple departed Sydney Airport for New Zealand on Oct. 28. Dress: Boss, $319SHOP ITShoes: Re-wore her Aquazzura pumpsBag: Cuyana, $225SHOP IT Meghan and Harry arrived in New Zealand this weekend for the final leg of their royal tour. Coat: Karen Walker, $750SHOP ITDress: Asos, $60SHOP ITShoes: Re-wore her Sarah Flint pumpsWhile meeting with young people in the mental health sector at the Wellington Cafe in New Zealand, Meghan wore an all-black outfit.Coat: Club Monaco, $298 (sold out)Sweater: David Jones, $499SHOP ITJeans: Re-wore her Outland Denim jeansShoes: Stuart Weitzman lace-up boots, $698SHOP ITWhile in New Zealand, Prince Harry and Meghan stopped by the Government House in Wellington for a reception. Dress: Gabriela Hearst, $2,495 (sold out) Clutch: Carried her Dior clutch againMeghan and Harry held hands as they walked through Abel Tasman National Park.Jacket: Seasalt Cornwall (price unknown)Jeans: Re-wore her Outland Denim jeansShoes: Stella McCartney x Adidas, $325SHOP ITScarf: Loro Piana, $249 (sold out)On Oct. 29, Prince Harry and Meghan met models wearing the work of industry leading artists in film, sculpture and costume design during a visit to Courtney Creative in Wellington, New Zealand. Dress: Maggie Marilyn, $1,020SHOP ITShoes: Re-wore her Manolo Blahnik pumps Meghan and Harry arrived in Auckland to unveil a plaque that dedicates a 20 hectare area of bush to the Queen’s Commonwealth Canopy.Jacket: Karen Walker, $437SHOP ITShirt: Lavender Hill Clothing Co., $43SHOP ITJeans: J.Crew, $75SHOP ITBoots: The Muck Boot Company, $159SHOP ITThe royal couple attended a reception at the Auckland War Memorial Museum, where they watched cultural performances by members of the Pasifika community who live in Auckland. Dress: Antonio Berardi, $2,695 (sold out)Shoes: Aquazzura, $651SHOP ITMeghan and Prince Harry greeted fans in Auckland while on their way to a Pillars charity event. Dress: Brandon Maxwell (price unknown)Coat: Burberry, $2,395 (sold out)Shoes: Re-wore her Stuart Weitzman pumps Prince Harry and Meghan started the last day of their royal tour in Rotorua, New Zealand. Dress: Stella McCartney, $3,973Shoes: Re-wore her Manolo Blahnik pumpsThe duo did a walkabout in Rotorua, New Zealand. Sweater: Givenchy (price unknown)Skirt: Givenchy (price unknown)Shoes: Re-wore her Manolo Blahnik pumpsFor their last event on the royal tour, the two dressed down for a walk through the Redwoods.Sweater: Re-wore her Givenchy sweaterJeans: Re-wore her Mother jeans  Jacket: Norrona, $639SHOP ITShoes: Birdie, $120SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			What's better than accidentally #twinning with your sis? Nothing.Kate Middleton and Pippa Middleton make my list as one of the most famous and well-dressed sister duos in the world. Even though Kate, as the Duchess of Cambridge, has to dress to impress, her lil sis Pippa is equally as fashionable. (Remember when her backside almost stole the spotlight at Kate's wedding?) Though the two now lead different lives, Pippa has said that she and Kate have a "normal, sisterly relationship" and like most sisters, they've worn similar outfits in the most serendipitous manner. Need proof? Ahead, 20 times Kate and Pippa #twinned so hard, I could hardly tell them apart. Don't ask me who wore the outfits better, though. I won't play favorites.On October 19, Kate Middleton and Prince William hosted a reception for the finalists of BBC Radio One's Teen Hero Awards at Kensington Palace. For the event, the Duchess wore a brown polka dot Whistles shirtdress with Cassandra Goad gold earrings. Just ONE WEEK later, little sis Pippa wore the exact same dress (as Wall Street Journal reporter Elizabeth Holmes first pointed out) to take her newborn for a stroll. Pips paired hers with white sneakers and wrapped a scarf around her neck for warmth. Looks like somebody has been going shopping in somebody else's closet. Let Kate and Pippa show you the perfect three-piece combination for fall. The sisters both chose belted trenches with tights and knee-high boots (black for Kate and brown for Pippa) while braving the windy weather. Kate's trench is from Burberry while Pippa's is from Superdry.Kate Middleton went with a sleeveless, blue striped Zara dress while at a charity polo match in June 2018. She ran around with her kids in Russell & Bromley espadrille sandals. A month later, Pippa Middleton debuted her own version of the blue striped dress when she attended Wimbledon. Kate’s little sis wore a three-quarter sleeve shirtdress with built-in belt that highlighted her baby bump and...espadrilles.For a visit to Norway in February 2018, Kate braved the cold in a blue Catherine Walker coat and a furry chocolate brown hat from Lacorine. The winter accessory was nearly identical to the one Pippa wore in March 2013, when she attended The Cheltenham Festival in London. Pippa, however, styled the hat with a bright yellow double-breasted coat and brown suede gloves.Kate looked radiant in her high-low Jenny Packham blue dress at the 2014 Wildlife Photographer of the Year Awards Ceremony in London. In March 2015, Pippa donned a similar baby blue number to a fundraising ball for Disability SnowSport UK. The Hugo Boss design was slightly sexier than Kate's, thanks to a plunging neckline.While pregnant with Prince Louis, Kate wore a long-sleeve blue lace dress from Seraphine while opening the new Place2Be Headquarters on March 7, 2018. No surprise, when Pippa was pregnant she followed her big sister's lead and also picked out some an easy-to-wear dress from the same brand.In July 2017, Kate embarked on a three-day royal tour of Germany. For day two, she stepped out in a cheery yellow dress by Jenny Packham, one of her go-to British designers. The lacy material was similar to Pippa’s Phase Eight dress, which she wore in September 2012 to the US Open. Both sisters can definitely pull off the bright hue.For the 2017 London Marathon, Kate kept her outfit sporty with a multi-colored Luisa Spagnoli striped top, a pair of blue jeans, and white Superga sneakers. Pippa channeled the same nautical vibes with her black-and-white stripe Alice & Olivia top while running errands in September 2012. She also wore her shirt with jeans, but traded in sneakers for a pair of flats.For Charlotte's christening in July 2015, Kate wore a cream-colored Alexander McQueen coat with a pair of heels and a fascinator of almost the same shade. Pippa matched her older sister in a similar white dress and nude pumps. From the back, they practically looked like twins.In June 2011, Kate attended the 10th Annual Absolute Return for Kids Gala Dinner at Kensington Palace. She wore a sparkly dusty rose gown from Jenny Packham and peep-toe pumps. A few years later in September 2014, Pippa showed up to GQ's "Men of the Year Awards" in a shimmery pink BOSS dress of her own. Despite Queen E's abhorrer for wedges, Kate wore her Moonsoon Fleur beige wedges to the Tresco Abbey Gardens in September 2016. They paired perfectly with her Gap trousers, white H&M top, and Smythe blazer. Luckily, Pippa isn't beholden to any royal style rules, so she can wear her lace-up wedge espadrilles from Castañer all she wants. Sisters often share a love for the same brands, and Kate and Pippa are no different. In addition to their love for J.Crew, the pair have both worn Self-Portrait at various times. Kate showed off a long-sleeved lace gown from the label in November 2016 at the premiere of A Street Cat Named Bob. Pippa opted for a lacy, semi-sheer midi dress from the brand in July 2017 for Wimbledon.Pippa's the queen of wrap dresses (we found proof), so she might have taught Kate a thing or two about this style. In 2013, Kate debuted this Max Mara wrap dress while pregnant with Prince George. Later, Pippa, who was also expecting her first child, a baby boy, chose a Ralph Lauren wrap dress for the French Open.While I stick to blue or black skinny jeans, the Middleton sisters aren't afraid to try coral-colored bottoms. Kate wore her bright jeans while playing a game of hockey in March 2012. Pippa was spotted in a pair of identical pants in January of that year. She styled hers with a plaid button-down and black blazer.If you ask the Middleton sisters, I bet they'd tell you plaid outerwear is a must-have seasonal piece. In April 2013, Kate visited the Emirates Arena in Scotland wearing her Moloh  jacket with tights and black knee-high boots. Her sister owns a similar plaid coat, which she wore while attending church on Christmas Day in 2016. The way Kate and Pippa incorporated feathers into their outfits reveals how similar yet how different they are. While Pippa wore a bright feathered blue minidress in September 2013, Kate—being a royal and all—added only a touch of feather detailing with her fascinator for a wedding in May 2006. The look was less adventurous than her sister's, but suited the royal dress code. The two share a love for black ankle boots and, really, who doesn't? (Royals! They're just like us.) Kate rocked the footwear style in October 2017 when she attended a graduation ceremony. Pippa chose to pair her booties with a printed minidress for the 2014 Invictus Games. Tights are a necessity, especially when the weather gets cold. Kate loves to layer hers under dresses while Pippa wears them with skirts. The ladylike footwear is part of the royal dress code, which means the accessory is as prim and proper as it gets. Kate has a taste for the classics. Just take a peek at her navy belted trench coat from March 2008. She wore the timeless Ted Baker outerwear to The Cheltenham Horse Racing Festival with a pair of gray tights and black boots. Pippa echoed her sister’s preference for navy trench coats when she wore one to a memorial service in March 2014.Kate's more formal engagements call for skirt suits like this Eponine London set she wore 2016. Though she is frequently spotted in them, lil sis Pippa also wears sets on special occasions. The socialite showed off this black-and-white printed two-piece while attending the wedding of Melissa Percy and Thomas van Straubenzee in 2013.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It reappeared for one of the final royal tour appearances.It’s Kate Middleton who’s known as the Recycling Royal. The Duchess of Cambridge is a huge fan of doing the unthinkable by, *gasp*, wearing the same outfit more than once. For example, just a few weeks ago Kate stepped out in the same Emilia Wickstead dress that she originally debuted for a royal tour back in 2017. Now, it looks as though Meghan Markle could also be taking a leaf out of her sister-in-law’s book when it comes to rewearing her favorite past outfits. For the penultimate evening appearance on her and Prince Harry’s current royal tour, the Duchess of Sussex arrived for a reception hosted by the Prime Minister of New Zealand at the Auckland War Memorial Museum, wearing a dress that might just look somewhat familiar. Looking smart and so elegant, Meghan chose to recycle one of her favorite past looks—a navy blue Antonio Berardi dress, double breasted with dark buttons, and a cascading dipped hem. On Tuesday, the Duchess styled the classic dress by one of her favorite designers with grey suede heels and the Dior 'Bee' clutch bag. There’s no question that Meghan looks incredible in the dress, so it’s hardly surprising to know that she kept it at the back of her wardrobe for almost a year and a half.Last time we saw Meghan wearing this one was a much less formal occasion and she was yet to become a member of the royal family, so the styling was a little more playful and casual. Attending the Audi Polo Challenge back in 2017 as a Suits actress and Harry's new love interest, Meghan wore the very same dress with a white blazer over her shoulders, black heels, sunglasses and a cute polkadot couch bag.It’s possible that the dress does also have a little bit of sentimentality for the couple, too. Meghan’s appearance in the Antonio Berardi dress was the first public outing that she and Prince Harry made together as a couple. It was the first time that she attended an official society function, and watched proudly from the Royal box as Harry played polo. Now, it’s clear that the event was an understated introduction for royal family fans to Meghan, before she attended Pippa Middleton’s wedding reception two weeks later as his date and serious girlfriend.Let this dress be some life motivation to us all—you might just be casually hanging out at the polo match right now, but this time next year you could be making a grand entrance at a royal tour reception. Truly inspiring.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Scarf + denim jacket + sunglasses = My fall outfit.My fall must-have list looks a little something like this: cropped jeans, a beige sweater, combat boots, and a new handbag (someone please get me this mini Balenciaga tote!!). Getting a new scarf didn't even cross my mind because I already own three thick ones...do I really need more? But alas, a scarf is both fashionable, adding an extra color or print to your outfit, and functional (without one your neck would be freezing). So, yes, I do need a new fall scarf. And so do you. How about one of the 12 cute options, below?Acne Studios checked logo scarf, $340SHOP ITAcne Studios just launched its newest fall/winter scarves and I have my sights set on this logo piece. Instead of including the care information on a white tag like everyone, the brand printed it directly onto the scarf itself—unique and cool. Though the accessory is pricey, I'm still adding it to my wishlist. (And also, sending this story to my BF TONIGHT.)Aqua metallic puffer scarf, $48SHOP IT Puffer jackets are in this season and now the style has trickled down to scarves. Wrap this plushy thing around your neck, and you'll be so warm you'll think you're in the tropics (almost? pretty please?). The metallic finish makes a bold statement, so don't be afraid to style this with a simple wool coat to balance things out. Tory Bruch silk scarf, $68SHOP ITWho says you can't wear florals in the wintertime? This navy print suits the moodiness that comes with the change of seasons. And the best part: It looks luxe thanks to the silky material, but it's quite affordable. Wear with your blazer to work or on the weekends with a plain white T-shirt. Versatile!Naadam cashmere oatmeal scarf, $125 SHOP ITEveryone needs at least one neutral-colored scarf in their arsenal, which is where this Naadam piece comes in. It's your no-fuss, match-with-everything fall accessory. The cashmere piece even comes in an additional three colors (camel, gray, and black) in case you want to expand your color palette. Kate Spade New York things we love scarf, $98SHOP ITThis playful Kate Spade New York scarf features a fun mix of every day items (and animals) we love. My personal favorites? The dog and the bottle of rosé, obviously. And with such an array of designs, the accessory will definitely appeal to everyone on your gift-gifting list—especially those who take themselves too seriously. So, put in your orders now and then pass this out around the holidays.Madewell x Karen Walker floral bandana, $15SHOP ITBandana fanatics will need to get their hands on this piece from Madewell's new collab with Karen Walker. The New Zealand designer is known for her charming offbeat details and this cotton bandana is a recolored version of one of her retro floral patterns. Style with with a denim button-down shirt and white cowboy-inspired boots.Madeleine Thompson striped scarf, $380SHOP ITWrap this rainbow cashmere scarf around your neck when you're tying to bat away the rainy day blues. The multicolored stripes and vibrant hues add a child-like quality to the scarf, but make no mistake, grown ups will go crazy over this piece. Or, at least this adult.Irving faux fur scarf, $90SHOP ITWith this furry scarf around your neck, you might not even need a piece of outerwear. This Irving scarf is crafted from faux fur with a black-and-blue design. It can fasten in the front to give your ensemble an immediate sense of chicness, or be worn open for a more relaxed look with a sweater and pants.Rebecca Minkoff paisley silk scarf, $36SHOP ITThis red-paisley-swirl-silk neckerchief is the fashion-girl version of a traditional red bandana. And more my style. The rich hue and material seem luxe and soft (unlike the one I wore at Coachella) without that exorbitant price tag. This designer piece is only $36!BP leopard print scarf, $19SHOP ITIf the thought of wearing a leopard printed dress is too overwhelming, ease into the look with this lightweight scarf. The print is as classic as polka dots but with a little more fierceness. It's also one of fall's top trends for 2018. Style with a denim jacket and black suede ankle boots.& Other Stories neck scarf, $55SHOP ITShop this triangle print scarf from & Other Stories for an unassuming everyday neck accessory. It's slightly more fun than your regular ol' beige number, but just as wearable thanks to the muted gray and white hues. Adding to my checkout cart asap.Isabel Marant plaid scarf, $175SHOP ITIf you've said no to leopard prints, no to the rainbow stripes, and no to polka dots...I have one last design to suggest: plaid! It's easy to wear and feels as cozy as your favorite flannel. If you're mad for plaid, wear the two prints together!		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Did I mention Meghan Markle also has a similar dress? Pippa Middleton is taking every chance she has to get some fresh air with her newborn. For her Friday outing with her baby boy, Pippa wore a brown polka dot dress with white sneakers. She wrapped a scarf around her neck for warmth. Upon closer inspection, however, you'll notice something familiar about her outfit.If you're thinking about the Whistles shirtdress, you're correct. The piece looks familiar to you because just a week ago, Kate Middleton wore the same exact one (!!), as Wall Street Journal reporter Elizabeth Holmes first pointed out. On October 19, Kate and Prince William hosted a reception for the finalists of  BBC Radio One's Teen Hero Awards at Kensington Palace. At the event, Kate wore the brown polka dot dress with Cassandra Goad gold earrings. While the two twinning isn't a big deal—they've kind of already done it like 19 times—this is probably one of the first times we've seen the sisters wear the same piece within a week of each other. Of course, this does beg the question of who actually bought the dress first? Whistles is a popular brand in the UK and with the dress now sold out, that's a sure sign this was likely one of their most popular pieces. The long-sleeve collared style hits right above the ankles for a flattering length and polka dots are a classic, year-round print.  At the Teen Heroes reception, Their Royal Highnesses also met 16-year-old Siena who has autism, dyslexia, dyspraxia and ADHD. When she was just 13, Siena created the website QL Mentoring to support students with autism and learning difficulties. 📺 Catch the Teen Awards on BBC 2 at 5:45pm today and watch the Teen Heroes be recognised for their incredible achievements. 📷 BBC and Sarah JeynesA post shared by  Kensington Palace (@kensingtonroyal) on Oct 21, 2018 at 6:27am PDTStrangely enough, Meghan Markle wore her own version of the Whistles dress when she was in Australia. The Duchess of Sussex was in Hervey Bay when she debuted this short-sleeve polka dot dress from & Other Stories. This happened only days after Kate had worn her's, so...coincidence?  Meghan Markle arriving in Hervey Bay enroute to K’gari for a well deserved rest.  #babybump #royalbaby #herveybayecomarinetours #milbi #visitfrasercoast #queensland #herveybay #royalvisitaustralia #harryandmeghan #duchessofsussex #lovetheshoesA post shared by  Hervey Bay Eco Marine Tours (@herveybayecomarinetours) on Oct 21, 2018 at 7:59pm PDT If there's one obvious sign in this whole situation, it's that polka dot dresses are in and everyone should own one. Though the Whistles dress is sold out everywhere, I've found similar options so you can channel your inner Pippa, Kate, or Meghan. As the ladies prove, this is one print you should keep on hand at all times for all occasions.  		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You may not have spotted the change.After almost six months as a fully-fledged member of the royal family, the Duchess of Sussex is becoming a dab hand at the complicated art of royal protocol. While she and husband Prince Harry definitely aren’t ones to play by the rules of tradition all the time, Meghan Markle has adjusted to most of the expectations that come with being a Duchess - including some pretty dramatic transformations to her wardrobe.One of Meghan’s latest looks on the royal tour is a prime example of how her life as a Duchess comes with a little more second guessing than it did before. For the couple’s second day in Tonga, she stepped out in an effortlessly lovely shirt dress—but fans have spotted the subtle but important ways that Meghan had adjusted the design to be a lot more Duchess-Friendly.Bringing bright block colors to her ongoing maternity wardrobe of dreams, Meghan chose a bright blue Veronica Beard shirt dress for a visit to Tupou College. She styled the piece with an open collar, rolled-up sleeves, a tied waist and a pair of comfortable and affordable light blue Banana Republic pumps.But fans soon noticed that Meghan’s version of the shirt dress featured slight but important changes to that shown on the designer’s website. While the original Cary dress worn by the model features much more extreme thigh-high slits, Meghan’s own piece has clearly been adjusted to knee heigh—probably to adhere to royal protocol and expectations, and to avoid any annoying eyebrow-raises.  Veronica Beard Cary Dress, $595 SHOP ITMeghan's choice to alter the gorgeous shirt dress comes just a few days after she wore her striped Reformation dress which featured a similar thigh-high split.It might seem a little crazy to be focusing on the length of a leg slit, but it just goes to show that the Duchess of Sussex really does have to consider every fine detail of each of her outfits whenever she steps out in public. No pressure, Meg.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Valentino shoes for $249? Yes please. The Outnet is known for its generous discounts on designer items, and its midseason sale lives up to the hype. For its midseason sale, The Outnet is offering up to an extra 50 percent off from the likes of Alexander Wang, Stella McCartney, Rag & Bone, and Stuart Weitzman. (Personally, I have my eyes set on finally snagging a pair of Valentino heels, which currently cost less than $250.) Pro tip: Take a longer lunch break than usual today, so you can peruse the sale in peace. Here are 20 items under $250 to get you started. Joseph blazer, $338 $169SHOP ITStuart Weitzman flats, $193 $97SHOP ITIris & Ink mini shirt dress, $135 $68SHOP ITJoie tulle camisole, $129 $65SHOP ITElizabeth Cole earrings, $108 $54SHOP ITRag & Bone boots, $292 $146SHOP ITIris & Ink swimsuit, $85 $43 SHOP ITRosetta Getty velvet top, $437 $219SHOP ITValentino heels, $497 $249SHOP ITW118 by Walter Parker, $314 $157SHOP ITMadeleine Thompson cashmere blend cardigan, $269 $135SHOP ITThierry Lasry sunglasses, $230 $115SHOP ITMarc Jacobs hoodie, $298 $149SHOP ITCarven leather mini skirt, $391 $196SHOP ITSigerson Morrison boots, $247 $124SHOP ITDiane von Furstenberg sweater, $184 $92SHOP ITMilly stretch knit dress, $177 $89SHOP ITAlexa Chung straight leg jeans, $137 $69SHOP ITHalston Heritage shoulder bag, $146 $73SHOP ITVince silk satin dress, $233 $117SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Look like a duchess for less. The Duchess of Sussex, Meghan Markle, always looks polished and sleek. She's had so many killer fashion moments since becoming a royal, but what you need to know is that some of her favorite brands are on sale at Shopbop right now. She recently wore black Castañer wedges with a patterned Figue dress to a Fijian market during her first-ever royal tour to Australia and Fiji. While the footwear label is already reasonably priced (about $130 for a pair of basic canvas espadrilles), styles similar to the pair she wore are majorly discounted on Shopbop. She's such a fan of the shoes that she also wore them with her striped Martin Grant maxi dress while visiting Australia's Bondi Beach last week. Meghan's also fond of Kayu, known for its straw bags and beachy aesthetic (perfect for a trip to Australia and Fiji, if you ask me!). She first wore a black straw clutch by the designer with a Club Monaco dress to a friend's wedding earlier this summer, and she recently wore the same bag ~again~ in Fiji on Tuesday. Here's the thing: The same purse in the "natural" colorway is available for 50 percent off! (!!!!!!!) You may already know that Meghan's sister-in-law, Kate Middleton, has a well-documented affinity for affordable Supergas sneakers, but it seems Meghan herself is more drawn to reasonably-priced Veja shoes. She wore the retro "V" logo kicks while sailing with her husband across the Sydney harbor over the weekend. This brand isn't *technically* on sale right now, but they only cost around $150—which, for a royal wardrobe, is practically a steal. If Meghan's royal tour style has given you some much-needed wardrobe inspiration, freshen up your closet by shopping more items that are up to 70 percent off during Shopbop's sale. From: Cosmopolitan US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's the fourth time she's worn it.In case you didn't know, Kate Middleton doesn't wear a tiara every single day. It's nice to think about her just sitting around, chillin', drinking a cold brew and wearing Princess Anne's tiara on a Wednesday afternoon, but that's rarely the case. That's because they're typically saved for the big main event, such as weddings. The first time we saw Princess Kate in a tiara was at her wedding to Prince William in 2011, a gift from King George VI to his wife in 1936, and then passed down to Queen Elizabeth as an 18th birthday gift in 1944. Typically, a royal bride would wear a tiara from her family's collection on her wedding down before adjusting to the wearing pieces from her husband's family's collection going forward. Clearly Kate didn't follow this tip, but she does love the royal family jewels as much as her late mother-in-law did. We have officially seen Kate in her seventh appearance in a royal tiara today, at a state banquet welcoming Willem-Alexander and Queen Maxima of the Netherlands to the U.K. Kate wore the Queen Mary's Lover's Knot tiara paired with an icy blue Alexander McQueen gown. The tiara was a gift from the Queen to Princess Diana on her wedding day. Not only that, this is Kate's fourth time wearing the tiara, so it's safe to say she's got, to quote Tyra Banks, a "signature look."We first saw her in the Lover's Knot tiara in December 2016 at the annual Diplomatic Reception at Buckingham Palace. The next time we spotted her in Lover's Knot was at a state banquet at Buckingham Palace for a state visit of the King and Queen of Spain in July 2017.The third time time she was spotted in the tiara was a year later in December 2017 at another diplomatic reception at Buckingham Palace, when she paired the tiara with matching diamond and pearl drop earrings and a diamond necklace. Here's a photo of Princess Diana in the tiara, for reference:I love an outfit repeater, and I love the fact that Kate repeats her outfits all the way down to her tiara. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Hello, Bella Hadid in Dior.I'm calling 2018 "The Year of the Naked Dress." No matter which event the stars attended, there were always a handful of daredevils who braved the red carpet in a see-through gown. While models, by far, dominated the sheer trend (one only needs to check out the Cannes Film Festival footage for proof), singers and actresses weren't hesitant to rock a revealing gown either. Ahead, we've rounded up the most naked looks so far (there's still two months left!). On January 15, Berry arrived to the 49th NAACP Image Awards in Pasadena, California. She wore a red-and-black lace gown from Reem Acra with...strategically placed paneling.Cox attended the 49th NAACP Image Awards in California on January 15. Her Abyss by Abby dress had a plunging neckline and high slit. She wore it with Stuart Weitzman shoes and jewelry by BaubleBar and H. Stern, and carried a Lilian Afshar clutch. Olsen attended the 2018 Film Independent Spirit Awards in California on March 3.  The Zuhair Murad dress she chose for the event seems prim—until you realize how sheer it is. She completed the look with Jimmy Choo shoes and a Solange Azagury-Partridge ring. On March 4, the Empire star attended the 2018 Oscars in a custom Vera Wang dress. She wore a pair of Jimmy Choo sandals and Roberto Coin jewelry. (We know this is a story about naked dresses, but can we just talk about those arm cuffs for a minute?)On March 4, Hosk attended the 2018 Vanity Fair Oscar after-party. She wore an Alberta Ferretti gown that showed off her vintage-style lingerie underneath, paired with Rene Caovilla shoes.The model attended the 2018 Vanity Fair Oscar after-party on March 4 in Beverly Hills, California. She wore a barely-there Ralph & Russo gown, Giuseppe Zanotti shoes, and Lorraine Schwartz jewelry.  On March 4, Jackson attended the 2018 Vanity Fair Oscar after-party. She wore a green Versace dress—with 3/4 of a sheer skirt—and matching heels.Klum arrived to an Oscars viewing party in West Hollywood, California on March 4. She wore a sheer green (color of the night?) dress with a thigh-high slit.  More skimpy than sheer, Halsey arrived at the 2018 iHeartRadio Music Awards on March 11 in Inglewood, California, in a Raisa and Vanessa top and skirt. She accessorized with shoes and a bag from Jimmy Choo and Lorraine Schwartz jewels. Baldwin attended the 2018 iHeartRadio Music Awards on March 11 in Inglewood, California. She wore a Zuhair Murad Couture jumpsuit that featured well-placed sparkly fringe, Jimmy Choo shoes, and Lorraine Schwartz jewelry. On April 24, McAdams attended the premiere of Disobedience during the 2018 Tribeca Film Festival in New York City. She wore a gorgeous, sheer Giambattista Valli gown with Ana Khouri earrings.Jenner attended a Tiffany & Co. event in New York City on May 3. Her Elie Saab dress was feminine in cut, see-through in material. She wore Tiffany & Co. jewelry, of course. On May 7, the model attended the 2018 Met Gala in New York City. She wore a Dior dress and Marianna Harutunian crown. And while we admit that Cara is rather covered up, this dress is still technically sheer. On May 7, Kravitz attended the 2018 Met Gala a dress from Saint Laurent that was basically missing one whole side. Her jewelry was from Jacob & Co.On May 10, Shayk attended the screening of Sorry Angel at the 71st annual Cannes Film Festival. She wore an Atelier Versace gown with mind-boggling slits (I guess she forwent underwear?), gold Versace sandals, and Chopard jewelry. On May 11, Jenner attended a Chopard event at the Cannes Film Festival. She wore a mesh shimmery mini dress and Christian Louboutin heels.On May 12, Hadid attended a Dior dinner at the 71st annual Cannes Film Festival. She wore a sheer, red Dior dress and Bulgari diamonds. Classy and sexy—what a combo.Baldwin strikes again. She also attended the 2018 Cannes Film Festival on May 12 and chose a strapless, sweet, and sheer embellished Roberto Cavalli Couture gown.Cotillard walked the red carpet in protest of the lack of female filmmakers honored throughout the history of the Cannes festival on May 12. She wore a very cool, sheer geometric Guy LaRoche dress to do so. Jenner loves a naked dress—and she makes them look so elegant! The model attended the Cannes Film Festival on May 12 for the premiere of Girls of the Sun in a sheer, white Schiaparelli gown with Chopard jewelry.On May 13, Sampaio attended the Fashion For Relief party in Cannes, France. She wore a Roberto Cavalli dress that featured a fully see-through skirt. Hilton attended the amfAR 25th Annual Cinema Against AIDS gala on May 17 in Cannes, France. She wore a sheer Nicolas Jebran dress with a  floral pattern that kept it demure. The model arrived to the 2018 amfAR Gala in Cannes on May 17 in a gorgeous sheer Julien Macdonald dress that showed off her luxe gold gladiator heels. On August 20, Ora attended the MTV Video Music Awards at Radio City Music Hall in New York City. She wore a see-through Fleur du Mal dress to accept her Moon Man—and we're over-the-moon about this gown's unique pattern. The model attended the MTV Video Music Awards on August 20 in a sheer white Naeem Khan jumpsuit and Gianvito Rossi heels. Polanco attended the MTV Video Music Awards on August 20 in a sheer, halter-neck dress with...not that much lace. The Canadian model attended the MTV Video Music Awards on August 20 while wearing a Sonia Rykiel dress.Minaj also attended the MTV Video Music Awards at Radio City Music Hall. She wore an Off-White bodysuit and sheer skirt. On August 20, Haddish attended the MTV Video Music Awards in a black-and-white long sleeve gown with a psychedelic print.  On September 23, Emily attended the Green Carpet Fashion Awards in Milan, Italy. She wore a two-piece look from Roberto Cavalli's spring '19 collection and Jacquemus sandals.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Go ahead and treat yourself.You held off switching over your closet and putting your strappy sandals in storage for as long as possible, but the chilly temps don't lie: It's fall—and I'll bet you could use a new pair of seasonally appropriate shoes. (You work hard! Treat yourself!) Retailers have rolled out the newest pieces from their fall ’18 collections, including a bevy of lust-worthy shoes. I’ll be damned if my to-buy list isn't full of kickass combat boots and prim party heels. (Yes, I'm already thinking about holiday parties and my birthday outfit.) To see what I'm eyeing for autumn, read on. You don't have to wait a minute longer to shop them, either—thank god.Via Spiga Farly bootie, $295SHOP ITIf you're not ready to take the cowboy boot trend by the reins, go for this subtly western-inspired pair from Via Spiga. Slip 'em on with ease (no socks required) and style as you would your favorite pair of mules or flats. Personally, I like to wear mine with cropped jeans so a touch of my ankle is exposed.  M.Gemi Stretto shoe, $248SHOP IT  I'm ready to retire my dingy ballet flats for this polished and eye-catching pair of leather-and-snakeskin loafers. Keep them under your desk just in case your heels start to kill your feet. Actually...go ahead and wear them the whole day.Daniella Shevel BellaDonna red boots, $495SHOP IT This supple leather boot comes in several colors, but the red is my favorite. Wear with jeans, black leather skirts, fall knit dresses—the options are endless. And don't let the heel height scare you; hidden inside is memory foam, so you'll feel like you're walking on clouds. The Odells leather mule, $238SHOP ITThese mules have the comfort of house slippers but look twice as chic. The woven leather is dyed using a traditional plant-based process instead of chemicals and its inner lining features genuine sheep shearling. Style this snug flat with a pair of jeans, white tee, and cardigan for an effortless outfit.  R13 cowboy boots with denim, $1,395SHOP ITRihanna would rock the hell out of these R13 illusion shoes. Yes, they're expensive, but, if you're bold enough, these unconventional cowboy boots are the statement shoes to have in your wardrobe, if you want to establish yourself as a trendsetter.GREATS leather slip-on sneakers, $169SHOP IT Skip the hassle of laces. These slip-on sneakers will save the day when you're running late to work. The shoe is handcrafted in Italy from super soft leather, meaning you can wear them sockless and not worry about blisters. Pro tip: They apparently run small, so go half a size up for a comfortable fit. See by Chloé combat boots, $545SHOP ITSee by Chloé's combat boots receive a facelift in 2018 thanks to a brown and yellow tartan print made from silky genuine calf hair. This take-charge boot is perfect for hiking or light trekking through the woods thanks to its lugged sole with a stacked block heel.  Jaggar two-toned flats, $148SHOP ITThis fun cotton candy-colored shoe might be just what you need to get out of that weekday work funk. It's playful and colorful, which is perfect for Instagram. Don't be surprised if that girl who stalks your account ends up buying the same pair—they're that irresistible. Zara round heel mule , $90SHOP ITHeels are taking on all kinds of wonky, interesting shapes for 2018. Emily Ratajkowski was one of the first celebs to debut geometric sandals and now they’re everywhere. In place of a traditional pointy stiletto heel, you’ll find shoes balancing on wooden round balls, trapezoids, rhombuses, and pretty much every other shape you remember from elementary school. If you're hesitant to splurge on this trend, Zara offers this chic and affordable option.Topshop dad sneaker, $65SHOP ITGood news: Dad sneakers are still popular for fall. If you haven’t bought a pair yet, check out Topshop’s latest chunky trainers. If the gold sole is too excessive for you, not to worry: There's a neutral wheat-colored option, too. Wear with a slip dress or boyfriend jeans and a fitted T-shirt.Dolce Vita snakeskin mule, $170SHOP ITA heeled mule is my quick trick for elevating a pair of jeans. Flats or ankle boots are everyone's go-tos, so stand out with this snakeskin "Cinda" mule from Dolce Vita. The backless footwear screams sophistication and the versatile silhouette makes it easy to pair with a dress or skirt, too.Aquazzura red bow pump, $750SHOP ITIt might be too early to plan holiday attire, but you'll want to keep an eye on this Aquazzura pump. The cutout design, bow detail, and bold color all make this heel a festive option for Christmas dinner with the in-laws, company parties, and just general merriment. If this classic shoe looks familiar to you, it's because Meghan Markle owns a pair in black (!!). Since it's royal approved, I have to buy it, right?Tibi leather ankle boots, $795SHOP ITCowboy boots ruled the Fall 2018 runways and Tibi’s new “Felix” boots are an updated take on the western style. The shoe is made from leather with a glossy patent design and rests on a chunky slanted heel—a cool detail you're sure to see on other heeled footwear next season. Wear these boots with a wrap dress or straight-leg jeans loosely tucked in.Steven slingback pumps, $129SHOP ITI see you adding  that 20th pair of nude flats to your checkout cart. STOP RIGHT NOW. Consider investing, instead, in a slingback block heel, which is just as comfortable, but looks slightly more refined. I love this black cap-toe option from Steven, which gives off Parisian vibes. Don't be surprised if you spot me walking down the street in these while carrying a baguette. Kate Spade surie kitten heel , $248SHOP ITTap into your feminine side with this embellished pink mule. It's the type of shoe I'd grab from my closet to give my all-black outfit a small burst of color. The tiny kitten heel gives you a minor height boost while still providing a level of comfort for your feet. Wear with menswear-inspired jeans or a pantsuit. Sam Edelman sandals, $130SHOP ITDesigners are incorporating shearling into their fall shoes and for Sam Edelman, that means a shearling...heel? The gold fluff adds an extra dose of glam to this already-standout footwear, making any wearer the center of attention. It's not your everyday shoe, so I suggest saving it for a fancy, fancy party when you want to make a fashion statement.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's daring, but it's allowed.So far on her royal tour with husband Prince Harry, Meghan Markle is really delivering on the pregnancy style front. Her choices over the past week have been endless and varied, from super chic blazer moments, to cool and casual outfits with sneakers, and some sleek and elegant formal choices in between. The latest look from the Duchess of Sussex came as she and Harry met with royal family fans on Queensland’s Fraser Island, where Meghan went for a relaxed, off-duty kind of vibe that was perfect for the Australian sun.Heading down the pier after a quick outfit change, Meghan showed off her $218 Pineapple dress from eco-friendly, cool-girl brand Reformation, in muted stripes with strappy shoulders and a tie at the waist. The dress also featured a thigh-high slit which looked beyond incredible on pregnant Meghan—but which also isn’t exactly your average choice for a Duchess. A few less-than-chill people on Twitter were quick to point out her exposed arms and shoulders, the thin, beach-ready material, and of course, the amount of leg on the show.  Yep, I'm eye-rolling too, but has Meghan technically defied royal protocol with her clothes this time around? Although it’s definitely a much more laid-back look for the Duchess of Sussex compared to previous engagements, the Reformation dress doesn’t actually break any official rules. There is in fact no written, black-and-white code to state exactly whether Meghan (or any other royal women) may or may not wear a dress with exposed arms or thigh slits for casual public appearances. It's totally her call, and surely comfortable style is the most important thing for her right now.In fact, just as Meghan has been previously choosing to do on this tour, her sister-in-law Kate Middleton often opts to show her arms and shoulders for both casual and formal occasions, too. Also, it’s 2018, so.Now can we go back to focusing on how amazing Meghan looks in this outfit? And back to crying about the fact that the dress is well and truly sold out everywhere on the planet? Sigh, Markle strikes again.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The new Duchess dress code.If you’re wondering which print to invest in for your fall/winter wardrobe this year to serve maximum royalty realness, make it polka dot. It’s now scientifically proven to be 200 per cent Duchess approved, with Meghan Markle and Kate Middleton both choosing a twinning polka dot looks this week.Just this morning, the Duchess of Sussex decided to take some inspiration from her sister-in-law, the Duchess of Cambridge, in the fashion department.  Arriving on Queensland’s Fraser Island on Monday for the latest leg of her tour with husband Prince Harry, Meghan looked stunning in an effortlessly chic wrap dress from her high street favorite, & Other Stories. The burgundy wine color and white polkadot piece featured a collared neckline, short capped sleeves and a tie at the waist. The Duchess styled her latest affordable look with her saddle flat sandals from Sarah Flint, oversized Karen Walker sunglasses and a lazy-girl low ponytail. The day saw Meghan and Harry separate for their individual royal appearances on the island, with Harry meeting the Traditional Owners of the island, known as the Butchulla people, and the Duchess heading to Hervey Bay Eco Marine Tours to explore the area.But anyone who keeps up to date with royal family fashion will be quick to notice that Meghan’s latest look is almost identical to a dress worn by Kate Middleton last week for a royal engagement. She and husband Prince William met with inspirational teenagers at a Kensington Palace reception on Wednesday, and Kate too chose a red and white polka dot dress—hers by Whistles—for the occasion. While the dotted print, fall shades, tie waist and midi length were totally similar, the shape differed from Meghan’s dress today. Kate’s shirt dress featured full long sleeves instead, and looked a little more formal with a pair of nude heels and her signature blow out. Last time Meghan had a twinning royal fashion moment was when she and Princess Beatrice wore the exact same skirt.Forget the tiaras, this is the new Duchess uniform.[poll id='96f1cc5a-f8cc-40e8-a237-9b402e8d886c_623eeea2311ef' type='text' question='Which polka dot dress are you loving the most?' answer1='Meghan\'s short-sleeved, off-duty look.' answer2='Kate\'s elegant, long-sleeved style.'][/poll][editoriallinks id='2520a4ab-b32b-4cab-b5a9-3f040f2675fc'][/editoriallinks]		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			This season's styles range from faux fur to beaded.My black leather work tote is lovely. It fits my laptop, workout clothes, wallet, water bottle, and maybe even a pair of sneakers. But, sometimes, I don't want to lug a tote; I want something cute and small. To paraphrase the great '90s classic 10 Things I Hate About You: There's a difference between like and love, because I like my tote, but I love my bucket bag. Yes, my white bucket bag with silver ring handle can hold my wallet and a small umbrella, nothing more, yet I love it dearly because the design is smart and polished. I even keep one under my desk, so I can make a quick bag swap and not walk into a party with my overflowing tote knocking into guests. If you're ready to move from like to love, peruse this season's best bucket bags, ahead. You'll find options suitable for weddings, holiday parties, and beyond. Your new number-one awaits.The Daily Edited mini bucket bag, $160SHOP ITAdd up to 10 characters of monogramming on this pint-size forrest green option for a truly customized piece—which also comes with a short and long crossbody strap for two different ways to wear it. Buy one for yourself, then gift one to your mom and sister for the holidays. Topshop faux fur bucket bag, $48SHOP ITFashion's current obsession is furry everything, so no surprise Topshop's designed its own faux fur bucket bag. The hue reminds me slightly of Cookie Monster, but nothing says, "come at me, winter," like icy blue. (It also comes in yellow and black, fyi.) If you're looking for a statement piece to wear with every day separates, add this accessory to your checkout cart now. Zara beaded bag, $60SHOP ITNo leather or canvas here—gray spheres come together to form the perfect bucket shape. This bag is the most fashun it gets while still being wearable. Style with blue jeans or with your New Year's Eve party look. It's versatile.Kate Spade New York Pippa shoulder bag, $295SHOP IT Presenting the bag you'll carry to work and on weekend girls' trips: a minimalist black bucket bag free of embellishments, with a structured body, and two different ways of wearing it, depending how you use the straps. Baggu bucket bag, $55SHOP ITGive your favorite tote bag a break in favor of this slouchy canvas option that's less structured for a more casual look. It's the perfect size for easily holding your everyday items (wallet, keys, and a book) or for carrying around at the farmers market to stash your fruits and jams—say no to those plastic bags!Simon Miller confetti handle bag, $850SHOP ITThis whimsical Simon Miller bucket bag is deceptively big—it can fit a laptop and more! I love the white calfskin leather and confetti-printed handles, but be extra careful when wearing this with jeans (blue dye on your new bucket back? for shame).Simone Rocha tartan bag, $820SHOP ITIt's not your classic leather structured silhouette—the bucket shape is almost buried under all the tinsel and bows—which is great if you're looking for something unexpected. I'd rock this accessory with a leather jacket and jeans for that punk-rock London lewk. (The designer, Simone Rocha, is British and Irish.)Zac Zac Posen, $395SHOP ITWhat makes this bucket bag different is in the details: like the chic silver carabiners that attach the straps at the top. The navy color is as easy to style as black and looks sophisticated, so I guess you've just found your I-have-a-big-meeting-with-the-boss-today bag.Alexander Wang bucket bag, $895SHOP ITThis bucket bag is equal parts polished and edgy thanks to the panel of dyed haircalf coupled with panels of patent leather. Wang's use of mixed materials created an accessory that resembles a piece of modern art. But unlike most art, this is 100-percent wearable. It looks roomy enough to hold your essentials and goes with more than one outfit, since there are four different color blocks.Ulla Johnson mini bucket bag, $495SHOP ITThe dusty rose color, the bow-shaped handle, instead of a single leather strap: this cowhide bucket bag is perfect for the girl whose style is "feminine flair." This purse is the one you bring on vacations just so you can snap that perfect Instagram photo. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			And what about Gigi?After a handful of models announced that they were walking in the 2018 Victoria's Secret Fashion Show, three big names were noticeably absent: Gigi Hadid, Bella Hadid, and Kendall Jenner. Gigi and Kendall made their debut in lingerie on the VS runway in 2015 (when the show was held in New York City) while Bella first walked in 2016. That year, the event was held abroad in Paris and The Weeknd performed (him and Bella had recently broken up, which made for some...interesting moments). Fast forward to last year, when Bella walked the runway alone without her big sis or BFF by her side. Gigi was confirmed for the 2017  show in Shanghai, but ended up not attending. Speculations largely surrounded the denial of visas to certain models trying to enter China. Meanwhile, Kendall offered no explanation for her absence after having walked the previous two years—though sources revealed to TMZ that she didn't even audition for the show. The model likely had a good reason for skipping the 2017 spectacle as she had just landed a deal with La Perla, a lingerie giant that rivals Victoria's Secret. Given her contracts, wearing her wings probably wouldn't have been possible. However, we can't help but wonder what the deal is for this year. Can Kendall Jenner walk? We might have just received our answer from Brian Atwood: The shoe designer, who has created the footwear for all the VS models in past shows, hinted that Kendall WILL be part of this year's runway event. Marie Claire has reached out to Victoria's Secret for comment. Can’t wait to see this beauty @kendalljenner strutting in my shoes for the @victoriassecret fashion show... less than a month away!!!! #fashion #angel #victoriasecretfashionshow #victoriassecret #sexy #brianatwood #glamour #sickshoes #nycA post shared by  ＢＲＩＡＮ ＡＴＷＯＯＤ (@brian_atwood) on Oct 19, 2018 at 5:00am PDTIf you read his Instagram post, Atwood specifically said, "Can’t wait to see this beauty @kendalljenner strutting in my shoes for the @victoriassecret fashion show... less than a month away!!!!" The shout out is a sure sign Kendall will walk, right? In addition, Atwood said, "Let’s do this @gigihadid..." while posting an old photo of her from the 2016 VS show. So, will Gigi walk too?? Less than 1 month away!!!! Let’s do this @gigihadid @victoriassecret Can’t wait to show you what we have done for the show!!!!🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥 🔥#highheels #shoes #sexy #angels #victoriassecret #fashionshow #gigihadid #fashion #victoriassecretfashionshow #madeinitaly #luxe #brianatwoodA post shared by  ＢＲＩＡＮ ＡＴＷＯＯＤ (@brian_atwood) on Oct 18, 2018 at 9:43am PDTNeither Victoria's Secret nor the models have confirmed these details, but you can make your own conjectures for now.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Rain rain, come again? JK, maybe. All I ask for in a pair of rainboots is that they be comfortable, not too heavy, not too chunky, cute, and actually waterproof. Does this all sound doable? Actually, yes. In fact, I've identified not one, but 10 (!) pairs of rainboots that tick all these boxes and more. Waterproof boots have become as fashionable as any other shoe in my wardrobe, which means the days of hiding them under my work desk are over. In fact, I bet none of my coworkers will be able to tell the first pair on this list are actually rainboots, unless, of course, they read this post (hi, guys!). Shop with me, ahead.Melissa classic chunky heel boot, $132SHOP ITI like when my rainboots don't resemble traditional rainboots. This pair looks like a chic bootie you'd wear with jeans and a sweater on a crisp fall day. But guess what? The glossy rubber does repel water, meaning you can splash through puddles in style. And don't worry about switching out of your rainboots at work, these fashionable ones will carry you through meetings.Moschino rubber chelsea rainboot, $150SHOP ITLeave it to Moschino to come up with a funky iteration of the Chelsea rainboot. The camo print coupled with the heart graphic and "Love Moschino" moto sets this waterproof boot apart from boring black styles. Camo has become as classic as leopard or floral prints, so don't be afraid to incorporate it into your wardrobe. Start small, like with this rainboot, if you can't fathom wearing camo cargo pants just yet.Fendi rubber boots, $630SHOP ITCan you spot the Fendi logo on this shoe? The subtle messaging is great for those who love designer footwear but don't want to go full-on logomania. This boot comes in a calf-length to protect your legs from giant puddles and piles of snow. Wear your longest pair of wool socks for an extra layer of protection from the cold.Jeffrey Campbell hurricane rainboot, $60SHOP ITThe glossy coating and chunky heel disguise this Jeffrey Campbell shoe from its true identity as a rainboot, which means you can wear it even when it isn't pouring outside. Replace your everyday white sneakers or black suede heels with this slip-resistant boot for the rest of fall. Style it with your favorite pair of jeans, a ruffled blouse, cardigan, and trench coat. Anthropologie colloquial rainboot, $78SHOP ITSure, these look like rainboots, but the pencil motif is so cute! Don't they make you nostalgic? I'm planning on gifting this whimsical shoe for the holidays to my friends who are teachers, so they can stroll into the classroom in style. Add to your checkout cart asap. Barneys New York neoprene rainboot, $165SHOP ITHiking shoes, but make them waterproof (and not ugly). This white pair comes with a neoprene sock insert for added warmth and patterned orange laces for some extra fun detailing. If you're looking for a fall/winter boot that is durable and slip proof, this is your pair.Lemon Jelly waterproof boots, $138SHOP ITYou truly haven't seen it all until you see blush pink rainboots with faux fur lining. In addition to keeping your feet warm, the fluffy design serves as a stylistic touch, which, in this case, actually works. If all that weren't OTT enough, the boot comes with a lemony scent to ward off smells (thank god, because I plan to wear these every time it rains, snows, etc etc). Off-White for riding quote rainboot, $450SHOP ITOf course Off-White would make one of the coolest pairs of rainboots out there. After all, its sneakers with the orange zip ties—which makes an appearance on this pair too—and cheeky sayings have become a celeb staple. If you're searching for a waterproof shoe with an urban feel, buy this one immediately.Rag & Bone moto rainboot, $225 SHOP ITThis edgy ankle boot, with its buckle strap and thick soles, will stand up to even the heaviest downpours or muddy roads, which makes it worth the $225. Bernardo paxton rain boots, $145SHOP ITSick of your black rainboots? Get these pink ones. Between the feminine hue and the bow design, the waterproof shoes will add a dash of happiness and positivity to your wardrobe. Just looking at these makes me...cheerful? (For the unconvinced, these boots come in a glossy navy and black, too.)		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			On day three of their royal tour, the Duke and Duchess visited the beach in Melbourne, Australia. Meghan wore a Club Monaco A-line dress with gold buttons underneath a Martin Grant trench coat, which she rocked earlier in the week. This sounds completely normal, but when you mix in sand and water it's actually a very formal (and frankly, surprising) outfit choice for the Duchess. Although she kept on the dress and coat from earlier in the day, Meghan did change into a pair of Rothy's flats (you can shop them here). Even though the closed-toed shoes seemed like a practical choice, they still got completely covered in sand inside and out (it's the thought that counts!), which makes you wonder if Kate Middleton's royal tour beach outfit is the way to go. When the Duchess of Cambridge visited Australia and New Zealand with Prince William on their first royal tour with Prince George in 2014, she wore a white Zimmerman dress and gold wedges. The initial thought: elevation equals no sand. But her feet also seem to be buried. Observe for yourself below:  Now, here's what Meghan's beach outfit looked like with flats: Moral of the story: You're always going to get sand in your shoes, so might as well go barefoot. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			If she looked uncomfortable, she didn't show it. On Thursday, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle visited South Melbourne Beach as part of their 16-day royal tour around cities in Australia, New Zealand, Fiji, and Tonga. For the beach outing, Meghan smartly covered up in her Martin Grant trench coat, which she wore earlier in the week, since it's always breezy by the water. Underneath her trench, she wore a Club Monaco A-line dress with gold buttons. Since royals wouldn't exactly be spotted in Flip-Flops at a public engagement (even if it was at a beach) Meghan opted for the next best thing: a pair of flats.Unlike Kate Middleton, who wore wedges to the beach back in 2014, Meghan re-wore her navy flats from Rothy's. The close-toed shoes matched her outfit and looked great on camera, but you could tell they were completely covered in sand. At some point, Meghan's feet even appeared to sink into the sand, meaning her shoes would have been filled with the grainy particles. Though the thought of that definitely makes some of us feel uncomfortable, Meghan, being the Duchess of Sussex and all, didn't even bat an eye. In fact, she looked rather happy as she held on to Prince Harry's hands and smiled for the cameras. After the beach, Meghan likely emptied out the sand from her shoes before boarding a train with Prince Harry to chat with students. She's a pro. This won't be the last you see of the flats, either. The shoes are completely machine washable, so Meghan can give them a quick rinse, then slip them right back on for the rest of her travel destinations. Shop her exact flats, below.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			These pants are perfect for the Woman Who Would Rather Be In Bed, But Looks Fabulous Regardless.Every week, our editors share "the item they wear to death," whether it be a basic white tee or a super-trendy jumpsuit. Prepare yourself (and your credit card) for some guilt-free shopping."Amanda... why are you so dressed up?"If I had a dollar for every time I was asked this question, I'd buy myself a really nice couch. I haven't been asked it enough to warrant a full millionaire's purchase, but I have been asked it enough that I'd be able to buy a solid couch from like, CB2. No Ikea couches in my house. I am a chronic over-dresser. I'm more likely to wear a ballgown to a baseball game than I ever am to wear a baseball...costume? What is the word for what baseball players wear? I know nothing about sports.While I may know little-to-none about sports, I do know a great deal about looking put together with just five minutes to get dressed. Not to humblebrag, but I love saying, "Oh, this? I just threw this together, pfft."  Some, if not most of my favorite outfits have come together in a sleepy daze on a Friday morning. And my go-to "I don't want to try but I need to try" outfit almost always includes these black cuffed ankle pants from Duro Olowu For JCPenney. As singer Jessie Ware once said, I have entered the slouchy pants stage of my life.Made of a silk-like polyester, these pants are somehow the offspring of a jogger pant and an ankle pant. They perfectly upgrade every single piece in my wardrobe from Nice to Effortlessly Chic. I showed up to a Super Bowl party wearing these pants and everyone asked me why I was wearing fancy clothes. They're the "Silly Rabbit, Trix are for kids" of pants!The bottoms were part of an exclusive line for JCPenney by Nigerian designer Duro Olowu, who has also designed for the likes of Michelle Obama and Solange Knowles, so basically I am Michelle Obama now. #Blackgirlmagic, right? My mom first spotted them in the store and pointed them in my general direction, then wound up buying a pair for herself, as well, because my mother has bad days, not bad taste. Once we found out they were made by a Nigerian designer, we were even more stoked because a) good for you, JCPenney, for supporting and giving exposure to black designers, and b) Olowu's other designs are next-level fabulous–these pants were just the beginning. I love the pants the most because they can be dressed up or down without a lot of effort. Because of the aforementioned silk-like polyester, they exude high-end nighttime vibes without sacrificing comfort; and because of the elastic waistband, they're also great for pulling on and wearing with a t-shirt or sweater for, say, long airplane rides. (Speaking from experience, of course.) These pants are perfect for the Woman Who Would Rather Be In Bed, But Looks Fabulous Regardless.Here are the pants at the base of the Eiffel Tower:And here they are after I went to brunch on a casual Tuesday afternoon:I don't believe in "daytime" or "nighttime" clothing—my wardrobe is comprised of items you can take from day-to-night-to-the-next-day-because-you're-a-grown-woman-who-does-what-she-wants-including-repeating-a-chic-outfit. (Sidebar: I really hate the phrase "day-to-night." Wear whatever you want when you want to wear it! Sequins can be for 11 a.m.!)Really, I'm never going to run home just to change an outfit or my makeup. I want to be ready and roaring to go. Also, if I go home, it's 100 percent more likely I won't go back out, so really, I'm doing this for you. Recently, I dressed the pants up for a "I'm Coming Out, I Want The World To Know" moment: Here's an outfit a little more appropriate for, say, dinner or date night: Here, I tucked in a t-shirt to make the pants part of a cute work outfit:They're also durable: I've spilled many a cocktail on them (I'm clumsy, no shame) and never have they been ruined by the sugary stickiness. They snapped back quickly.Unfortunately, these pants were a limited run for JCPenney in 2013, and are no longer available. It's a huge bummer, because, if I could, I would buy these pants in 100 colors for the rest of my life. They're really that good, make me feel like a Parisian angel, and are comfortable as hell. I'm gonna wear these pants until they fall apart, I die, I lose them, or all of the above. I got your back, however, and I found you another option that fits the bill (but maybe not the $35 price tag).		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Women supporting women! The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are currently on day two of their royal tour (yes, it's daytime in Australia). The couple just arrived at the Dubbo airport to greet children waiting for them, and they look completely adorable—not only because Harry's out here hugging children, but because of the very rare casual outfits they're wearing.  Instead of a formal dress or her go-to midi skirt, Meghan is rocking a Maison Kitsuné white collared shirt, which hangs freely out of her dark Outland jeans paired with black suede J.Crew boots. But perhaps the best part of her outfit is the plaid oversized blazer she picked  from close friend Serena Williams' clothing line, and the tennis star couldn't be more thrilled. (You can shop it here.)"The face you make when you and Meghan have matching @serena blazers 😍#BeSeenBeHeard," Serena wrote on Instagram. "Link in bio to shop the collection!" Women supporting women, amirite? The face you make when you and Duchess of Sussex Meghan have matching @serena blazers 😍 #BeSeenBeHeard  Link in bio to shop the collection!A post shared by  Serena Williams (@serenawilliams) on Oct 16, 2018 at 5:51pm PDTThe last time we saw Meghan in jeans was during the Invictus Games team trials earlier this year, which makes sense considering she'll be attending the event in a few days. Meanwhile, Harry ditched his signature navy suit and looks very dad-like today in his long-sleeve denim shirt, jeans, brown belt, and tan shoes. This is definitely the most dressed-down we've seen the Duke and Duchess together. Mom, Dad, is that you?Now, let's all please take a moment to observe Harry playing with kids and Meghan watching in the background unable to contain her excitement: 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			They still looked super smart.Generally speaking, a first trimester and a 76-appearance-strong royal tour aren’t the most easily compatible of situations, but pregnant Meghan Markle is ready to take a good swing at it. On the same day that she and Prince Harry announced that they’re expecting a baby in the spring of next year, the royal couple also embarked on the first date of their highly anticipated joint tour of Australia. At least 12 weeks into her pregnancy already, Meghan is clearly prepared to make some changes to her wardrobe to keep things as comfortable as possible during their time down under. The Duchess was even spotted ditching her signature heels today, in favor of a pair of flats for (admirably) the first time since picking up her role in the royal family. Sigh, her poor toes.Meghan has always been entirely dedicated to the importance of a good heel. No seriously, she even wears them slightly too big for a genius reason and during past appearances, she’s impressively played ball and navigated soccer pitches in stilettos. But, when she and husband Harry arrived at Taronga Zoo on Tuesday to hang out with a koala for the afternoon, the ultra-rare sight of the Duchess of Sussex in a pair of simple black flats was noted by reporter, Elizabeth Holmes.Hey, who can blame her? It's completely relatable—I'm already exhausted just looking at the photos of the couple's non-stop schedule, and it's hard to imagine how tired mom-to-be Meghan must be right now.Usually, with Meghan standing at 5ft 6in, while Harry towers over her at 6ft 1in - seven inches taller, the Duchess opts without fail for a higher heel, apparently in order to avoid creating an ‘unbalanced’ look between the couple in pictures. Earlier in the day, Meghan stepped out in a pair of her favorite nude suede heels as usual to meet with Governor General Sir Peter Cosgrove and his wife, Lady Cosgrove. But, now that she's carrying her first child and showing very early signs of a baby bump, it seems a good an excuse as any to finally ditch the uncomfortable shoes for something more casual.And if this is the official go ahead for us to all ditch formal heels forever, I'm very much okay with that.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She loved her  Peter Pilotto wedding gown too much.Earlier Friday, Princess Eugenie walked down the aisle of St. George's Chapel in a beautiful, Peter Pilotto wedding dress. She said her "I do" to Jack Brooksbank in front of 800-plus guests, including the royal family and celebrity friends like Naomi Campbell and Demi Moore. She looked beautiful in her designer gown and Emerald Greville tiara (loaned to her by her grandmother Queen Elizabeth). She also wore a pair of earrings that were a wedding gift from Brooksbank. As she left the church in a carriage, everyone, including myself, wondered what she would wear to the reception. MarieClaire.com's exclusive royal wedding expert and bridal designer Caroline Castigliano had predicted that the princess wouldn't change into a new look and though I doubted this for a hot second, it turns out, Castigliano was right! Princess Eugenie was spotted leaving Windsor Castle for the Royal Lodge, where she's having the reception, still in her wedding dress and tiara. She could very well change at the venue into a look we can't see, but it appears the princess has chosen to stay in her bridal dress for the nighttime festivities.This isn't unusual since many brides wear their gowns to the reception, but this choice was definitely different from what Meghan Markle did. Back in May, she opted to switch out of her Givenchy gown and into a halter-neck Stella McCartney dress. In Princess Eugenie's case, it was refreshing to see a royal not fuss over her second look. "I think Eugenie was in love with her dress and wanted to spend as much time as possible wearing it," Castigliano added. "Tomorrow, there will be a second reception at her parents house, so I'm sure that is where we will see a second dress!"The royal got into an Aston Martin DB10 (apparently, it was designed and engineered in the UK and made for the James Bond film Spectre), but barely because her gown was so voluminous, and drove to the lodge in Windsor, where she will party away. The newly married couple, Princess Eugenie and Jack Brooksbank, depart from their afternoon reception. They left in an Aston Martin DB10, designed and engineered in the UK and made for the James Bond film Spectre. #RoyalWedding pic.twitter.com/hLVJVOQmNSThe space has been the York family's home since 2004 and according to Express, was originally built in 1662, but "was mostly demolished and then rebuilt in the 1830s." It makes sense Eugenie wanted to have her reception at a place close to her heart—her father Prince Andrew, the Duke of York, still lives there and her mother Sarah Ferguson occasionally stays at the lodge when she's in town.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Is anyone else obsessed with this? When designers collaborate with H&M, the collection is almost always guaranteed to sell out within minutes. (I broke out into a sweat last year trying to buy an Erdem x H&M gray hoodie online). In addition to Erdem, H&M's past collaborations have ranged from fashion houses like Kenzo to Versace and Balmain. This year, H&M partnered with Moschino, offering everything from MTV-themed hoodies to Disney motif oversize tees. The nostalgically vibrant looks from the collab also ties neatly into Jeremy Scott's own Spring '19 collection, which was inspired by his formative years. "Whenever I design, I think about my friends. The Moschino x H&M look book is like a party; celebrating the fun, the pop, the creativity, and the energy of the people and the collection," he said. Plus, the line wouldn't be nearly as fun without something for a man's best friend:the dog. After you scroll through all the clothes for humans, you'll see that Scott created a mini dog jacket with a gold chain print. It's cute! It's tiny! It's adorable! And, as MarieClaire.com's beauty editor Chloe Metzger points out, this dog looks eerily like Justin Bieber. Unfortunately...I don't have a dog anymore, but I'm sort of wishing I do now. On the bright side, I'm 100 percent willing to buy the jacket for anyone in my life that has a lil pup. Just slide into my DMs with a note and it's yours. Check out some pieces from the rest of the collection, then stay tuned for the Moschino x H&M show on October 24. I better see a puppy or two on the runway...		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Like Meghan Markle, Princess Eugenie kept her wedding gown designer top-secret until she walked down the aisle at St. George's Chapel, Windsor Castle. The princess chose an off-the-shoulder Peter Pilotto gown that looks completely different than Meghan's—though equally as gorgeous from the front and the back. "The Princess looked classic with a contemporary twist," says MarieClaire.com's exclusive royal expert and bridal designer Caroline Castigliano. "The long sleeves stayed in line with royal tradition, the cuff-style neckline and full-flowing skirt in a jacquard print had a freshness and simplicity about it. It's very much at the forefront of bridal design today." Get fitted for royalty and shop your own version of Eugenie's dress, below. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			We need that 360-degree view, please.Today, Princess Eugenie married Jack Brooksbank at St. George's Chapel in front of 800 plus guests, from Kate Middleton to Naomi Campbell and Demi Moore. For the ceremony, Eugenie wore a Peter Pilotto dress, which had long sleeves and special details woven on to the bodice. She also wore the Grenville Emerald tiara, loaned to her by her grandmother Queen Elizabeth, and earrings, which were a wedding gift from Jack Brooksbank. She opted not to wear a veil, so as to not hide her scars from a childhood scoliosis surgery. If you wanted a close up of her dress though, you're in luck. Her gorgeous designer gown was captured from multiple angles by the cameras (thank God), so we decided to round up all the snapshots ahead. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The underrated view.When you spend all day doing photo research for the internet (🙋), you discover some interesting things—like the fact that the back view of all those celebrity wedding gowns you love is actually the best part. Click through for an exhaustive catalog of all the best mega trains, deep Vs, and surprising details you missed the first time.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She made an unexpected appearance.Pippa Middleton is due any day now, but she isn't sitting out on Princess Eugenie's big day. The socialite was spotted with her brother James Middleton at St. George's Chapel in Windsor Castle to witness Eugenie say her "I do"s to Jack Brooksbank. Pippa wore a gorgeous emerald green dress with a pleated skirt that was picked up slightly by the wind. She accessorized with small green earrings and a deep-hued emerald fascinator.Her sister, Kate Middleton, also wore a bright, colorful jewel-tone look. Kate opted for a hot pink Alexander McQueen dress—her go-to designer for weddings. Meanwhile, Meghan Markle wore a navy Givenchy dress. The fashion house is quickly becoming her go-to choice for outfits. The ladies, of course, all wore heels, including Pippa who, lately, has been wearing sneakers while out and about in London.Despite being very pregnant, she walked quickly and effortlessly in her stilettos. She also appeared to be in good spirits, smiling as she made her way into the church. Once inside, she was in good company as Princess Eugenie's wedding had a lot of unexpected guests. Kate Moss, Naomi Campbell, Liv Tyler, Ricky Martin, and Demi Moore were all in attendance to watch royal wedding number two go down.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			These crowns have the coolest stories. The time has come to stop everything and acquaint yourself with the British Royal Family's veritable army of tiaras: A group of jewels that are so precious you can't put a price tag on them, and so old they were around before the days of photography. We've all seen Kate Middleton, Princess Diana, Queen Elizabeth, Meghan Markle, and now Princess Eugenie decked out in bejeweled headgear, but the origin stories behind these tiaras are truly fascinating. Princess Eugenie decided not to follow in her mother's footsteps and wore an emerald Greville tiara straight from the Queen's vault. It was made by Boucheron in 1921 and the center emerald is reportedly 93.70 carats. According to The Telegraph, it was part of a jewelry collection left to the Queen Mother by Margaret Greville, "a prominent member of society who was a close friend of Queen Mary." The Queen inherited the tiara in 2002. Meghan Markle wore the Queen Mary Diamond Bandeau on her wedding day. According to Kensington Palace, the diamond bandeau is English and made in 1932, but the centre brooch dates back to 1893. The diamond bandeau was literally made for Queen Mary to accommodate the centre brooch. It was placed in the Queen's vault in 1953 and has also been seen on Princess Margaret, Harry's late great aunt. Originally a wedding gift to Queen Mary (then a princess) in 1893, the tiara gets its name because it was given by the Girls of Great Britain and Ireland committee for her wedding. Queen Mary gave it to Queen Elizabeth II as a wedding present in 1947, and it's extremely recognizable thanks to its frequent appearance on banknotes and stamps. This crown was made for King George IV for his 1821 coronation, was worn by Queen Victoria and Queen Mary, and has stayed in the family since. Queen Elizabeth II wore it to her coronation, and still wears it while traveling to and from the State Opening of Parliament. FYI, it has a modest 1,333 diamonds and cost just £8,216 to make. But again, this was the 1800s.The queen was given almost 100 Burmese rubies for her wedding day, and had them made into a tiara in 1973. She combined the rubies with diamonds made from a different dismantled tiara. #TooManyTiarasThis tiara was made by Cartier in 1936, and given to the Queen Mother by her husband before their wedding. The Queen Mother gifted Queen Elizabeth II the tiara on her 18th birthday, and its since been worn by Princess Margaret (left) and Kate Middleton—who famously wore it during her wedding to Prince William. The tiara is said to feature "739 brilliants and 149 baton diamonds."This delicate tiara was designed by Prince Albert for his one true love Queen Victoria. It was a favorite of the Queen Mother's (right), who gave it to her daughter Queen Elizabeth II (left). Brazil gifted Queen Elizabeth II a bunch of aquamarine jewelry for her coronation (casual)—so she commissioned a tiara to match. The piece is said to have grown in size as the Queen was gifted more jewels, so go ahead and file under: "I have so much aquamarine that it literally won't fit on my crown" problems.This piece was made in 1919 for Queen Mary, but it's probably most famous for being worn by both Queen Elizabeth and her daughter Princess Anne on their wedding days. Fun fact: it can also be worn as the most epic necklace ever.This tiara belonged to Russian Grand Duchess Vladimir and was purchased by Queen Mary. She passed it on to her granddaughter Queen Elizabeth II. At this point your mind should be pretty much blown by just how many tiaras she owns.This stunning piece was a gift from the Ladies of Society on the wedding anniversary of King Edward VII and Queen Alexandra in 1888. It was eventually passed to Queen Elizabeth II, who can be seen wearing it here.Most commonly associated with Princess Diana, the tiara was made for Queen Mary in the early 1900s before being passed to Queen Elizabeth. She gave it to Princess Diana as a wedding gift, and it's also been seen on Kate Middleton.Kate Middleton has also been seen wearing this tiara, which originally belonged to the Queen Mother, and was made from a necklace her husband gave her. The piece was frequently worn by Queen Elizabeth II's sister Princess Margaret, and was loaned to her daughter-in-law Serena Stanhope on her wedding day.This tiara belonged to Dame Margaret Helen Greville, who gave it to The Queen Mother. It was loaned to the Duchess of Cornwall following her marriage to Prince Charles, and she wears it quite often.This tiara was made for Queen Mary in 1911 and has since been altered. It was passed on to Queen Elizabeth II, who's loaned the tiara to the Duchess of Cornwall. As you can tell, it's among the biggest crowns in the family. Like, it's basically the size of a head.This tiara was originally given to Queen Elizabeth II as a gift from her mother-in-law. Elizabeth then gave it to her daughter Princess Anne, who let her daughter Zara Phillips wear it on her wedding day.One of Princess Diana's most frequently worn tiaras came straight from her family. Diana wore the piece during her wedding to Prince Charles, but it was also worn by both her sisters on their wedding days (peep Lady Sarah Spencer on the left), as well as by her sister-in-law Victoria Lockwood (right) on her wedding day.This tiara was originally made in the 1870s and was acquired by The Queen Mother for her daughter Princess Margaret (Queen Elizabeth II's sister) to wear on her wedding day. The tiara was sold at auction in 2006 for £926,400.Queen Elizabeth's father gave her sapphire jewels (originally purchased by George VI ) as a wedding gift in 1947, and she had a matching tiara made in the 60s. Because clearly she simply didn't have enough tiaras and needed another, don't question it.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She didn't follow in her mother's footsteps. Update 10/12: Princess Eugenie chose the Greville emerald tiara. Eugenie's tiara, straight from the Queen's vault, is made out of gorgeous diamonds and originally created in 1921. Original story 9/24: Princess Eugenie's much-anticipated wedding to Jack Brooksbank is only a few weeks away, and many royal fans are wondering what gorgeous tiara the princess will accessorize with on her big day. Even though Eugenie is royal by blood, this will be the first time she's able to wear a tiara due to strict protocol that prevents royal women from wearing the headpiece until they're married. Both Kate Middleton and Meghan Markle were lent tiaras from the Queen for their special day, but that's because they didn't have anyone else to pass it down to them. Eugenie, however, has the option of borrowing something from her own mother Sarah Ferguson, the Duchess of York's collection. In case you haven't studied the Windsor family tree, Princess Eugenie is the daughter of Prince Andrew—the third child of Queen Elizabeth and Prince Philip—and his ex-wife, Sarah Ferguson. On her wedding day in 1986, Sarah wore a classic diamond tiara known as "The York Tiara." The bride caused a bit of an uproar, though. When she first started down the aisle, royal watchers thought she wasn't wearing a tiara (for the record she was, it was just covered by a flower crown). She removed the flowers after she said "I do," and everyone calmed down, naturally. MarieClaire.com's exclusive royal wedding expert and bridal designer Caroline Castigliano agrees that Eugenie will likely wear the York tiara. "The tiara was created by the Mayfair jeweler Garrard’s," she explains. "Eugenie will want to wear a piece with a special meaning to someone like her mother, who has had such a difficult relationship with most members of the royal family." According to Express, the Queen personally commissioned Sarah's leaf-motif sparkler, which the Duchess has worn on multiple occasions since her wedding. Tiara expert Grant Mobley told the outlet that the tiara is “made entirely out of diamonds set in platinum with floral scrollwork and a large diamond of around five carats sitting on top."He continues, "The value of such a piece is not easy to calculate without knowing details about the diamond sizes, qualities, and also the weight of the platinum. That being said, with the value of a top-quality five-carat stone like this tiara topper, combined with the platinum and other diamonds, the value of this tiara would easily be more than $300,000 USD today."While it would be sweet and traditional to select jewels passed down from her mother, Eugenie might want to go in a completely different direction and wear a tiara that reflects her modern approach to royal life, like having plastic-free nuptials and a festival-themed wedding weekend. "I'm sure her grandmother would be happy to see her in any of the family tiaras," says Castigliano. "There's always the chance Eugenie may not even wear one, but this is quite unlikely considering the royal family likes tradition. With her grandmother there to see her marry [Jack], she'll want to do anything to make her happy. The Queen has been guiding Eugenie through all of the difficult times they have had as a family."After all, nothing would be surprising considering everyone thought that Meghan Markle would wear the Strathmore Rose tiara during her wedding to Prince Harry. Instead, she wore Queen Mary's Sapphire Bandeau—straight from the Queen's vault.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			But not quite as vibrant as what she wore in May.As predicted, Queen Elizabeth wore a brightly colored ensemble to Princess Eugenie's wedding. Her majesty arrived to St. George's Chapel in a Stewart Parvin ice blue cashmere coat with diamanté buttons, a favorite designer of her Majesty,  and a co-ordinating blue, peach and gold dress, with an Angela Kelly hat. While still maintaining her signature colorful style, the hues were entirely different to the lime-colored dress the Queen wore to Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's wedding back in May. (That particular outfit was designed by Stuart Parvin, too.)The royal has a history of wearing neon and pastel-colored clothing. The reason? She wants people to easily spot her in the crowd. Given that St. George's Chapel can seat 800 people, it makes sense that Queen Elizabeth would want to stand out from all the guests at her granddaughter's wedding. For those who need a quick history lesson: Her son, Prince Andrew, Duke of York was married to Sarah Ferguson from 1986 to 1996 and they had two daughters: Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie. The Queen and Eugenie are reported to have a very close relationship, despite all the family drama.Though Queen Elizabeth's attended so many royal weddings at this point, her outfit today might just be one of our favorites. Prior to wearing lime green to Prince Harry's nuptials, she wore a primrose yellow dress to Prince William and Kate Middleton's wedding back in 2011. This pastel ice blue color, however, tops our list as seriously stunning. What she wore to Princess Eugenie's wedding:What she wore to Prince Harry's wedding: What she wore to Prince William's wedding:		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The slight off-the-shoulder style was beautiful.Princess Eugenie's big day is finally here. The royal arrived at St. George's Chapel in Windsor, wearing a gorgeous wedding dress by Peter Pilotto. The dress, as predicted, featured long sleeves but had an unexpected off-the-shoulder look. She wore a Grenville Emerald tiara, loaned to her by her grandmother Queen Elizabeth, and earrings that were a wedding gift from Jack Brooksbank. She didn't wear a long, flowing wedding veil because she didn't want to hide her scars from a scoliosis surgery she had at just eight years old.The dress itself was very different from Meghan Markle's, Kate Middleton's, and her mom Sarah Ferguson's. Kate's Alexander McQueen gown was super traditional with a high neck and lace sleeves while Meghan's Givenchy boatneck style dress was more modern and sleek. (The Duchess of Sussex walked down the same aisle in St. George's Chapel back in May.) In addition, according to MarieClaire.com's exclusive royal wedding expert and bridal designer Caroline Castigliano, there were symbols woven into Princess Eugenie's wedding dress. "The symbols are a Thistle for Scotland acknowledging the couple's fondness for Balmoral, a Shamrock for Ireland as a nod to the Bride's Ferguson family, the York Rose and ivy representing the couple's home," she said. "Peter Pilotto and Christopher De Vos have reinterpreted these symbols in a garland of rope like motifs, woven into a jacquard of silk, cotton and viscose blend." The designs on Princess Eugenie's royal wedding dress were very intricate as the artwork was done in the Como region of Italy. "The result is a very modern looking fabric using a highly intricate weaving technique," said Castigliano. The only part of Princess Eugenie's wedding gown that was similar to Meghan's or Kate's was the fact it had sleeves. This fit with the royal tradition of being modest, but Princess Eugenie put her own spin on the gown with that slight off-the-shoulder fit and the jacquard print. Thus, the bridal gown was entirely unique and true to her own personal style.See her wedding dress from all angles ahead, then check out how it compares to her mother's, Meghan's, and Kate's own wedding gowns.The different dresses, compared!		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She made sure the attention would be on her sister.As Princess Eugenie's maid of honor, Princess Beatrice pulled out all the stops for her outfit. She arrived to St. George's Chapel in Windsor wearing a boatneck-style Ralph & Russo dress.Beatrice's maid of honor dress and fascinator was quite different from the outfit she wore to Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's wedding back in May. For that ceremony, the 30-year-old royal wore a bespoke turquoise Roksanda Viola dress with long, billowing beaded sleeves. She opted for a matching headpiece that resembled a headband more than a hat by Stephen Jones. Today, she seems to have gone with this style too: her fascinator was more like a purple headband. Since Eugenie's wedding dress code was quite strict (men had to wear morning coats and women day dresses), Beatrice followed the rules to a T. She perfectly matched her fascinator to her dress (how do royals always pull this off??) and stood tall in a pair of heels. The headband-like hat was much simpler and definitely not as outrageous as the one she wore to cousin Prince William's wedding. Back in 2011, the royal caught the internet's attention with her pink Philip Treacy hat. Today, however, Princess Beatrice traded in extravagance for something slightly more demure, so the attention would be all on her lil sis. What Princess Eugenie wore to Prince Harry's wedding:What she wore today to her sister's wedding:#RoyalWedding: Princess Eugenie's mother and sister - Sarah, Duchess of York and Princess Beatrice - arrive at St George's Chapel in Windsor ahead of the wedding at 11am.Watch it live on @ITV and https://t.co/X1He4LBgDJ pic.twitter.com/pt6TozVXkf		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Just months after having her wedding at St. George's Chapel in Windsor, Meghan Markle's back at the church. She and Prince Harry arrived together for Princess Eugenie's wedding to Jack Brooksbank. While this isn't Meghan's first time attending a wedding as a royal (she has gone to two different ones since May), the ceremony is extra special since Eugenie is Harry's cousin. Meghan wore a navy Givenchy dress and coat. As we predicted, she chose a more formal outfit to wear inside the church instead of the breezy dresses she's worn to past weddings. The full Givenchy look complete with matching Noel Stewart hat was beautiful, yet subtle enough in both color and style so as to not draw attention away from the bride. Between her outfit and Kate Middleton's brighter pink Alexander McQueen look (both coat dresses!), the two royals kept their ensembles slightly more subdued than Princess Diana did when she attended Princess Eugenie's mom's wedding in 1986. (Quick history lesson: Sarah Ferguson was married to Prince Andrew, Duke of York from 1986 to 1996. Prince Andrew is the older brother of Prince Charles, who was married to Diana from 1981 to 1996)When Princess Diana attended Ferguson's wedding, she wore a bright cerulean dress with black polka dots. She, of course, matched her heels and hats to the dress and added a good ol' Hollywood touch with black gloves. Wearing print isn't unusual at royal weddings (remember Pippa Middleton's floral look at Meghan's wedding?) and Princess Di's look only solidified her as the style force of her time. Fast forward years later, her sons wives have followed in her footsteps to carve out their own fashion legacies. Check out Meghan's wedding guest look from head to toe, below. They have arrived! - #meghan #duchessofsussex #meghanmarkle #duchessmeghan #kesingtonroyal #royalfamily #princeharry #dukeofsussex #meghanandharry #harryandmeghan #monarchy #britishmonarchy #dukeandduchessofsussex #meghanduchessofsussex #suits #suitsusa #rachelzaneA post shared by  Meghan, Duchess of Sussex 👑 (@daily.meghan) on Oct 12, 2018 at 2:30am PDT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Bold and beautiful.After attending her friend's wedding last month, Kate Middleton is back for another wedding, this time for someone within the royal family. Today, the Duchess of Cambridge arrived to St. George's Chapel in Windsor to witness Princess Eugenie say her "I do"s to Jack Brooksbank. For the special occasion, Kate wore a dress by none other than Alexander McQueen. The hot pink look featured puffed shoulders and Kate wore a matching fascinator (as required by all guests attending the ceremony)  from Philip Treacy. This bold and colorful ensemble, of course, was quite different from the one she wore for Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's wedding. While that one was a cream-colored Alexander McQueen dress, this particular look definitely grabbed your attention more. Meanwhile, Meghan Markle went with a neutral tone and opted for a navy Givenchy coat and dress set. It appears that is the Duchess of Sussex's go-to fashion house while Kate sticks to McQueen. After all, she does have this versatile coat dress in multiple colors. However, for today's ceremony, it seems like Kate wanted to wear a pink statement outfit. Check out her look from head-to-toe, below.Kate wore Alexander McQueen to Princess Eugenie's wedding:Kate wore Alexander McQueen to Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's wedding back in May:		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			A lil' wind never hurt anybody.When Princess Eugenie and Jack Brooksbank released their wedding invitations and revealed that they made their dress code a bit more formal than Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's, nobody knew what to expect from guests' outfits. But of course everyone from Kate Moss to Ellie Goulding look incredibly chic in their dresses and fascinators. See the best-dressed guests today at Windsor Castle, ahead. In Stella McCartney, carrying a Gabriela Hearst bagIn Stella McCartneyPrince Harry's ex (left) 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Your bank statements will thank you.It's December, which means the holidays and time of giving splurging. Christmas, Hanukkah, and New Year's Eve are on the horizon, which means a full slate of Christmas, Hanukkah, and New Year's Eve parties and dinners are fast-approaching too. (Not to mention, those fall/winter weddings you just got invited to.) Consider it a miracle if you don't have to buy a new dress for any of these events, but on the solid chance that you do, I have recommendations. And because we all have credit card limits, I've selected best, most stylish, most festive ones—all under $100! My gift to you.Zara minidress, $50SHOP ITIf you’re going to add another black dress to your closet, pick one with a unique detail, like the sheer, puffy sleeves on this otherwise simple minidress. This versatile piece can be worn with velvet pumps or black ankle boots. Bring it to life at your next holiday party with a red lip and silver chandelier drop earrings.NSR velvet dress, $69SHOP ITThis rich blue velvet evening dress is festive without being cheesy (a.k.a. red or green). And ultra flattering: It features a scoop neckline, a knotted belt to cinch your waist, and a high-low hemline that plays with proportion. Don't be surprised if you and your new party dress are the center of attention. Wear with black accessories. Pretty Little Thing twist front dress, $38SHOP ITDeciding what to wear to your company's holiday party can be stressful, but not if you have this dress. Sleeves and a hemline that goes past the knees (save for a small split) ensure a sense of modesty around your directors. Meanwhile, a knotted design makes the dress more dynamic and imaginative—perfect for a party! Style with colorful baubles and a clutch.Topshop bow twist dress, $65SHOP ITShow off your shoulders with this strapless bow-front dress that's equal parts cute and feminine. I love this shade of pink, but FYI, it also comes in black and red. It's one of those pieces you can buy now—or in multiple colors—and wear season after season, thanks to its timeless silhouette. Pair with a pair of silver strap heels.Boohoo velvet sequin dress, $70SHOP ITIt doesn't take much to dress up this shimmery, mermaid-inspired minidress—just add a pair of heels. To dress it down, wear an oversize blazer. Hope you're prepared to be the life of the party because no one will be able to take their eyes off you as you shimmy around the dance floor.Silvian Heach dress, $28SHOP ITThere's lace, there's ruffles. What more can you ask of a party dress that's only $28? The neutral colors provide a nice base for which to up your accessories game—might I suggest oversized emerald earrings?Topshop jacquard dress, $95SHOP ITNot afraid of color? This hot pink Topshop jacquard dress is calling your name. Sure it has a lot going on—we'll call them unique details—the one-shoulder sleeve, the asymmetrical pleated hem, but isn't that the point of a party dress? That it has a little something extra? Since it is so bold, go easy on the jewelry; a simple pair of diamond earrings or gold hoops is perfect.Sequin Hearts foiled floral fit & flare dress, $79SHOP ITA floral dress as timeless as this shimmery piece will work for any occasion, whether it be your birthday party or your mother-in-law's Christmas dinner. The strappy back adds a hint of sexiness but not a whole lotta sexiness. Pair with these flats, especially if you'll be on your feet all night.& Other Stories leopard print dress, $89SHOP ITThis leopard print dress is short and fierce—like you. (Unless you're tall and fierce, in which case this dress would still be awesome.) It's not your traditional party dress adorned with sequins or ruffles, but then again, you're not traditional, are you? To make this piece suitable for chilly weather, style with black tights and black suede pumps. Cover up with a black or beige wool coat.Lulus strapless maxi dress, $72SHOP ITFor more upscale holiday parties, reach for this dress code–appropriate strapless black dress (which also comes in red). It looks classy and sexy thanks to the slight ruching on the bodice and front slit—a peekaboo detail that conveniently shows off your favorite pair of heels. In a daring move, wear only one earring, like this gold bar and chain.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I'm calling it: This is the perfect outfit combo for fall.Katie Holmes is fully embracing that sweet spot in fall when the temperature's neither too hot nor cold. Earlier on Wednesday, Katie Holmes walked around New York City while wearing a long knitted sweater with a red-and-purple stitch pattern. She paired the look with knee-high black leather boots—forgoing pants and tights altogether. The outfit was undoubtedly casual with a hint of sexiness, thanks to her shoes. Holmes kept the colors neutral, opting for a beige-colored bag to finish off her outfit.The star's footwear choices are always on point, especially for walking around in in the city. Back in August, she wore these versatile Chloé ballet flats with a blouse and jeans. Now, it seems Holmes has turned her attention to some trendy boots that go past her knees. They looked both sophisticated and sultry, adding that stylish touch to her, otherwise, plain outfit. With boots this good, one doesn't ever need to wear pants. Although I haven't tracked down where she got her exact pair (don't worry, I am on the look out), I found similar knee-high boots to shop should you want to re-create her outfit. This look is one everyone can wear from now until the end of October. Nine West boots, $73 SHOP ITMichael Kors leather boots, $275 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She wasn't afraid to show some skin.On Wednesday, Kate Middleton visited the Victoria and Albert Museum in London to open a new photography center. To mark her first visit as a royal patron of the museum, Kate wore an Erdem tweed dress (that's now sold out) and pearl earrings from the fashion house. The ensemble featured short sleeves and an off-the-shoulder fit. A burgundy sash ran across her waist and the dress also had floral embellishments on the asymmetrical neckline. The Duchess of Cambridge accessorized with a black Jimmy Choo clutch and velvet pumps. It's been a while since we've seen Kate rock an off-the-shoulder look, but perhaps she took some notes from Meghan Markle—who isn't shy about showing off her shoulders. This was Kate's third public engagement since returning from maternity leave earlier this month. Unlike yesterday's lavender-colored number by Emilia Wickstead, Kate chose a dress with tweed details that added a touch of something special to her look. This look might also be completely new too, though Erdem is one of Kate's go-to designer labels. While this dress is by no means her Alexander McQueen coat dress—what I assume is her favorite piece ever—it does look like something she can pull out for any occasion.Kate's Erdem choice was definitely different than Meghan Markle's black velvet Givenchy dress, which she wore to the Royal Academy's Oceania Exhibit last month. The tweed gave Kate's dress a timeless but polished vibe while Meghan's outfit was a little more sleek and modern.Don't expect Kate to repeat her museum look though at Princess Eugenie's wedding this Friday. The Duchess of Cambridge will likely wearing an outfit that's a little more formal, like another designer dress with a matching coat and fascinator. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Pippa is weeks, if not days, away from giving birth.Pippa Middleton is rumored to give birth any day now, but she isn't just sitting around. After some retail therapy earlier this week, today Pippa Middleton was spotted buying groceries and running errands around London. The expectant mother wore a chiffon polka dot maxi dress that gently draped over her baby bump and layered on a plum-colored cardigan. Pippa, who has been wearing sneakers a lot lately, sported her white kicks with star prints underneath. She kept all her necessities in a plain, beige tote and hid her eyes from the paparazzi with black sunglasses. Ever since we started tracking Pippa's pregnancy style, I've noticed she has mostly worn dresses. (Exhibit A, B, C, D, and E!) Whether they be floral prints or stripes, the socialite gravitates towards effortless, breezy pieces that (sometimes) hide her belly and doesn't resemble maternity wear in the slightest. It's her way of looking stylish and comfortable without resorting to sweats or leggings. Genius, if you ask me.Hopefully, we get to see one or two more outfits before she heads to St. Mary's Hospital in London to give birth. That is presumably where she'll welcome her baby with James Matthews as they were spotted visiting the Lindo Wing last week.Love Pippa's polka dot dress? Shop similar options, below.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			From cutouts to sheer paneling and sky-high slits.Jennifer Lopez, Heidi Klum, Ciara, and more showed up in cutouts, sheer paneling, and sky-high slits at the 2018 American Music Awards on Tuesday night. Scroll on to see the nakedest looks from the show!In a hot-pink gown with a plunging neckline, side cutouts, a thigh-high slit, and angelic cape sleeve details.In a collared mini with a V-neckline and steamy zipper details.In a see-through crochet-detailed gown with a low-cut neckline and fringe trim.In a black blazer, sequin trousers and a bralette top.In a plunging gold dress with a sky-high slit.In a plaid suit worn with no shirt and a sparkly blue choker-neck dress with a thigh-high slit, respectively.In a jewel-encrusted bustier top worn with black slacks.In a black and yellow sequined blazer minidress with a low-cut neckline.In a skintight catsuit with well-placed cutouts and one sleeve.In a black strapless minidress with flirty zippers up the sides.In a fluffy pink gown with a high center slit, a sheer stomach panel, and a plunging neckline.In an embellished gown with completely sheer side panels.In a red sequined dress with an asymmetrical hemline and stomach cutout.In a plunging black gown with a sliver pleated skirt detail and a thigh-high slit.In a red gown with see-through panels and floral appliqués.In a completely see-through mesh gown with well-placed floral appliqués.In a plunging metallic blue suit—worn without a blouse—with a long train and shoulder pads.In a neon mini dress with a keyhole and stomach cutout and asymmetrical sleeves.In an embellished two-piece crop-top gown with sheer paneling.In a gold mosaic dress with a sheer ombré design effect.From: Cosmopolitan US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The theme will guarantee some LOOKS.Just when you’d started to recover from seeing Rihanna dressed as the Pope, Ariana Grande representing the Sistine Chapel, and Jared Leto rocking up as Jesus himself, talk of next year’s Met Gala has already begun. Details of next year’s lavish evening have been announced by the Metropolitan Museum of Art, and it sounds like it could just be the biggest and most suitably over-the-top fashion event of all time. The 2019 costume exhibition and gala has been given the mouthwateringly extravagant theme of "Camp: Notes on Fashion," and the chosen celebrity hosts are the perfect match.Put away all thoughts of Girl Scout-inspired looks and campfire-ready ensembles. For the Met Gala 2019, camp refers instead to exaggerated fashion and, as The New York Times explains, the exhibition will take inspiration from Susan Sontag's 1964 essay, in which she defines all things camp as the "love of the unnatural: of artifice and exaggeration."Andrew Bolton, Costume Institute curator, explained exactly why the choice in theme is so apt for the time. "We are going through an extreme camp moment,” Bolton said. “It felt very relevant to the cultural conversation to look at what is often dismissed as empty frivolity but can be actually a very sophisticated and powerful political tool, especially for marginalized cultures. Whether it’s pop camp, queer camp, high camp or political camp – Trump is a very camp figure – I think it’s very timely.”With this in mind, the selection of A-list hosts for the evening’s spectacle couldn’t be more perfect. As Queen of the sartorial risk, Lady Gaga will take the reigns for the night alongside Harry Styles, also well-known for his love of flamboyancy and pushing the boundaries of typical menswear and gender through clothing. The pair will be joined by tennis star Serena Williams, who’s also been dipping her toes into the world of fashion this year, as well as Gucci creative director, Alessandra Michele.As well as the annual, show-stopping red carpet showcase, the actual exhibition itself will feature 175 pieces in the show across both men's and women’s fashion. Split into two sections, the first will address the origins of camp, and the second will examine how contemporary designers use this irony and exaggeration in their collections.Sponsored by Gucci, the 2019 Met Gala will take place on Monday 6 May. Phew, just enough time for you to plan your costume.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Metallics, plunging slits, thigh-high boots...Artists like Cardi B and Taylor Swift are making their way to the 2018 American Music Awards to celebrate their year in music—voted by the fans—and, naturally, the outfits do not disappoint. With Tracee Ellis Ross set to host for the second year in a row and T.Swift's first award show performance in three years, the show is expected to have its...moments. But first, see the best looks on the red carpet, ahead. In No. 21In custom Sonia RykielIn Dolce & GabbanaIn Bvlgari jewelry In custom Sergio HudsonIn Cartier jewelry In Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The really special thing about visiting a big city isn't the culture or the food, but the energy that hums throughout. It's been built up by generations of people experiencing big moments, discovering new things, falling in love, and having their hearts broken. Taken all together, it's an uncountable amount of heady memories that have seeped into the walls of city sidewalks, establishing a patina that can't be faked.So inspired, we took a favorite Manhattan neighborhood, the West Village, and looked at current addresses with a mind to the past. The result? A trio of spots with a magical feel due to decades of the-city-that-never-sleeps history.Cafe Reggio, 119 Macdougal StreetOpened in 1927, it claims to have brought the cappuccino to the U.S. (you can still see the original, early 1900s-era espresso machine). It's been in iconic set-in-NYC movies and its doorway served as a pulpit for a pre-presidential JFK.Today, cosmopolitan visitors will get a perfect pour plus authentic Italian treats. It's the sort of spot you can pop by first thing, when an early morning hush still hangs over the streets, or traipse into for an afternoon break after hours of shopping. The dress code is decidedly casual, making it perfect for statement denim, a sportswear-inspired topper, and a perfectly sized bag with a playful spirit. We're especially in love with Gucci's lightweight, surprisingly roomy Trapuntata.Shop the look on Gucci.com: Bag, $1,750; Jacket, $5,600; Jeans, $1,300; Glasses, $1,230Gucci Small Bag, $1,750SHOP NOWGucci Small Bag, $1,790SHOP NOWGucci Small Bag, $1,790SHOP NOWGucci Mini Bag, $1,200SHOP NOWGucci Mini Bag, $1,200SHOP NOWGucci Mini Bag, $1,200SHOP NOWAbingdon Square, 8th Avenue and West 12th StreetWay before being a public park, Abingdon's green space was part of a 300-acre farm an early Manhattan settler purchased in the first half of the 1700s. It's been cut way down in size, but still provides the same opportunity to commune with nature.A gem amidst the bustle of downtown. New York City parks are a precious part of the fiber of the city, and the joy of finding one to stop in for a breather can't be overstated. Everything you need on a given Saturday is right there—like stellar food and drinks—but feel free to ignore it all and focus on the lush, well-kept greenery for a bit of city magic.Shop the look on Gucci.com: Bag, $1,750; Sweatshirt, $1,600; Shirt, $650; Skirt, $1,980; Sunglasses, $725; Sneakers, $750Minetta Tavern, 113 Macdougal StreetPoets, playwrights, iconic people in nearly every field—it's the ultimate place to order something at the bar and pray the walls will start talking. Prior to that, it was a speakeasy called The Black Rabbit (it closed in 1929).Go for a drink or go for dinner: No matter where you sit, you'll soak up the feeling of old-school New York. It's an intimate, two-room space that doesn't feel as if the decor has changed since its 20th century heyday (in the best possible way). Sketches and caricatures of famous diners line the wall—the artists were paid in food and drink—and the red banquettes and checkerboard floor compete for status as most glossy. Under the direction of famed restaurateur Keith McNally, the food is sublime (and changed to French focused from its original Italian menu). Come ready for red meat, steak or a burger, and you won't leave disappointed.Shop the look on Gucci.com: Bag, $1,750; Jacket, $3,700; Pants, $1,200; Shirt, $700; Sneakers, $1,590; Necklace, $2,500From: ELLE US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Well, it does look stunning.She’s previously been dubbed the ‘recycling royal’ for often daring to wear the same outfit more than once (*gasp* JUST IMAGINE), and Duchess of Cambridge Kate Middleton has lived up to her eco-friendly nickname once again this morning. The Duchess arrived at the first Global Ministerial Mental Health Summit in one of her old favorites and it makes total sense—if I looked this good in a dress, I’d probably wear it a few times, too.Joining husband Prince William at the groundbreaking mental health event in London (a cause the younger royals passionately support), Kate looked lovelier than ever in a pop of pretty pastel, wearing a long-sleeved lavender dress by one of her go-to labels, Emilia Wickstead. It’s no exaggeration to say that the dress was truly made for her—it’s literally called the "Kate."The fit and flared skirt, scooped neckline and belted waist looked perfectly elegant and sophisticated as she arrived to greet delegates at the summit, which aims to help improve mental health around the world. The Duchess paired her lilac look with an Aspinal of London crocodile bag, suede court heels from Gianvito Rossi, and understated jewelry by Mapping & Webb. As any true fan of royal family fashion will instantly recognize, the classic and colorful dress is a repeated choice which Kate has previously called on for daytime appearances before. She she first wore it to depart from Hamburg on the royal tour of Poland and Germany back in July 2017. When wearing her dress the first time around, Kate's styling of the piece was similarly simple and effortless to the more recent look, although she originally opted for a contrasting maroon clutch bag with the dress rather than carrying today’s taupe style.Past outfit-recycling from the Duchess of Cambridge even included the pale Alexander McQueen coat dress that she wore to the wedding of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, as well as the casual, countryside look worn for her return to royal duties from maternity leave.This makes me feel a whole lot better about having the same pair of jeans for years on end. While Kate's particular lilac shade isn't available to buy, you can shop her exact dress in pink, red or navy below:		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			In the past, she's gravitated toward blue...Update 10/12: Kate Middleton wore a hot pink Alexander McQueen dress to Princess Eugenie's wedding. She held on to her fascinator as it was super windy near the church and accessorized with black pumps and a tiny clutch. McQueen has been her go-to for many events (she wore this cream-colored coat dress to Meghan Markle's wedding back in May), but this magenta hue was definitely different from the rest. It was a nice pop of color for a very special day. Original story 10/8:Kate Middleton doesn't have to panic over what she'll wear to Princess Eugenie's royal wedding on Friday, October 12. Knowing her, she already has an outfit ready. Since becoming the Duchess of Cambridge seven years ago, Kate's had time to refine her princess wardrobe and has gone to a handful of high-profile weddings, including Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's, earlier this year. All these ceremonies and parties have prepared her for whatever the dress code may entail. The attire at Princess Eugenie's wedding is expected to be formal—day dresses and hats for women and morning coats for men. In the past, Kate's wedding guest dress choices have largely been two-piece ensembles (a dress and matching coat) or a simple coat dress. She recently wore a blue Catherine Walker ensemble to friend Sophie Carter's wedding and for Prince Harry's wedding, she stunned in a simple Alexander McQueen coat dress. This style is one of her most worn looks—she owns it in a variety of colors! It wouldn't be a stretch to say that Kate will likely wear something similar to the Walker or McQueen outfit on cousin-in-law Eugenie's big day.She may also rewear a designer piece from her closet for the wedding. Kate is known for recycling her outfits, regardless of the occasion, even though the royal family is given a sizeable wardrobe budget. It was reported that Prince Charles spent £4.96 million (about $6.5 million) on William, Harry, and Kate's clothes in 2017. (And now that Meghan's part of the family and carrying out royal duties, the clothing costs might climb even higher.)In addition to re-wearing clothes, like any of us would, the Duchess of Cambridge also has a knack for finding affordable pieces. While the duchess often wears popular designer labels too from Jenny Packham to Catherine Walker, the polka dot dress she wore to William van Cutsem and Rosie Ruck Keene's wedding in 2013 was, believe it or not, from Topshop! I'm hoping Kate's wedding guest look for this Friday's nuptials is something we haven't seen before and has a bit of color to it, like the blush Alexander McQueen dress she chose for sister Pippa's wedding. It's important to note that she has also worn a lot of blue to past weddings. Maybe she'll wear this color again on Oct. 12? Either way, I'm hedging my bets that the Duchess of Cambridge will either recycle an outfit or wear one in a similar style. Check out what Kate wore to other weddings, below.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			So, no, she hasn't had her baby just yet.Pippa Middleton isn't having her baby just yet. After visiting the Lindo Wing of St. Mary's Hospital in London last week (the same place where her sister Kate gave birth), Pippa Middleton was spotted shopping on Sunday in her Chelsea neighborhood. The socialite stopped by a COS store, and though nobody knows exactly what she bought (maybe something to wear post-pregnancy?), we do know where she got the dress and sneakers she wore while shopping. Pippa turned to European-based brand Claudie Pierlot for a patterned minidress to wear with her white Kurt Geiger sneakers.The expectant mother looked at ease while strolling down the streets and her baby bump was very much visible underneath her dress. Pippa's pregnancy style has mostly consisted of chic floral dresses, proving that pregnant moms don't have to stick with maternity wear if they don't want to. She's worn everything from a J.Crew frock to a Ralph Lauren wrap midi dress. Since Pippa's nearing the end of her pregnancy, lately she's opted for comfortable sneakers and flat boots instead of her usual wedge espadrilles. (Though, I'm sure she will be back in those in no time.)If you want her dress for yourself, shop it below. Wear it with leather knee-high riding boots and tights, once the temperature dips for fall/winter.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Which snap was your favorite?My weekend outfit was a little different from Kylie Jenner's. While I was laying on the couch in my workout pants and top (I never made it to my 8 a.m. barre class), she was posing up a storm in a sexy blue latex dress for Instagram. The strapless minidress from Vex Clothing hugged her curves and was so shiny, the star couldn't resist getting multiple shots of the look from all angles. It appeared she loved the going-out ensemble as she posted not one, but three different photos of the dress. (My favorite pose is the one where she's holding a feathery handbag.)If you follow Jenner's style, then you know this isn't the first time she's worn a latex dress. Last month, she channeled Kim Kardashian circa 2015 in a pink latex look. The 21-year-old, who recently wore this red-hot two piece to Jordyn Woods' birthday party, has an affinity for body-con clothing and isn't afraid to show off her silhouette. The dress is still available to shop for $290 if you're in love with it. And, if you're wondering where exactly you'd should wear it to, my suggestions would be for Halloween (to channel Kylie Jenner, of course) or New Year's Eve.  finally the weekend😎A post shared by  Kylie ♥️ (@kyliejenner) on Oct 6, 2018 at 12:57pm PDT 💎A post shared by  Kylie ♥️ (@kyliejenner) on Oct 6, 2018 at 12:54pm PDTShop Jenner's exact dress here:		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Tailored blazers and dresses were her go-to.Like us commoners, royals have friends and family who get married, too. These days, Meghan Markle and Kate Middleton's outfits differ depending on whose wedding they're attending, whether that be flowy maxis or structured coat dresses. But these old pictures of their late mother-in-law, Princess Diana, prove that Lady Di practically invented the menswear-inspired wedding guest look. The princess often stuck to a classic blazer and dress—topped with a hat, of course. See the princess' wedding style evolution, ahead. At only 19 years old, Diana stood next to the Queen Mother and Princess Margaret during Nicholas Soames' wedding in a bold red polka dot dress and matching hat. Soames is a grandson of Winston Churchill.The Princess of Wales wore a magenta jumpsuit, which greatly resembles a pair of culottes, to the wedding of her former roommate Carolyn Pride and husband William Bartholomew.Diana looked chic in a silver pinstriped jumpsuit to her other former roommate Anne Bolton's wedding in Chelsea, London. Diana attended a private wedding in Foulsham, a village 119 miles northeast of London, wearing a strongly shoulder-padded dress similar to the one she wore for Prince Harry's christening a couple months prior. Diana chose a floral silk suit and matching hat for the wedding of Carolyn Hebert and John Warren in Berkshire. FYI, that's Prince Andrew—Princess Eugenie and Princess Beatrice's father—next to her. Lady Di had no fear of standing out in a polka dot dress at the wedding of Sarah Ferguson and Prince Andrew, Princess Eugenie's parents. Prince Charles and Princess Diana stood in front of fashion designer Catherine Walker at the wedding of Camilla Dunne and Rupert Soames, a grandson of Winston Churchill. Prince William and Prince Harry were page boys at the ceremony. Di's turquoise asymmetrical suit jacket is so '80s.Red is most definitely Diana's color. Here, she wore a white dress and red blazer to the wedding of Joanna Leshallas and Edward Berry Cranbrook Kent. Harry and William were page boys at this ceremony as well. Diana and Charles held hands with William and Harry at Duke Hussey's daughter's wedding. The princess rocked a bermuda-length suit. Fun fact: Hussey's wife, Lady Susan Hussey, is Prince William's godmother. Diana wore a white dress and lilac coat as she stood next to her mother Frances Shand-Kydd at the wedding of her brother, Viscount Spencer. Talk about foreshadowing. Diana arrived with Prince Harry to Windsor Castle in a beautiful green suit for the wedding of Lady Helen Windsor—the daughter of Prince Edward, Duke of Kent—and Tim Taylor. Princess Diana attended the wedding of her friend Harry Herbert alongside the Queen, who was a friend of the groom's father. Quite a statement with that...interesting pattern outlined along her blazer and hat. Princess Diana went to the wedding of David Armstrong-Jones, the son of the Queen's sister Princess Margaret and Antony Armstrong-Jones, in a periwinkle blazer and white dress. Who says the bride is the only one who can wear white? Diana was all of us avoiding smalltalk at Lady Sarah Armstrong-Jones and Daniel Chatto's wedding (but she looked fab doing it—look at those heels!). Lady Sarah is the only daughter of Princess Margaret and Antony Armstrong-Jones. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I'm going to need some booze boos (sorry). Listen, I'm all for the ugly Christmas sweaters, but ugly Halloween sweaters are...taking it to another level. Do I love them? No. Will I wear them? Absolutely. Exhibit A: When the Halloween party is a few weeks away and you don't want to look like Cady or Regina, life will be a lot easier (and warmer) when you can choose from one of these ugly-but-cute sweaters, below. Etsy, $34SHOP ITThis pick's a safe bet for the ugly sweater first-timers—it's not overwhelmingly hideous, and just the right amount of ugly to convince 'em this isn't your first rodeo. Walmart, $21SHOP ITHow to @ the patriarchy in a sweater 101. Wildfox, $98SHOP ITBehold: an accurate representation of my face every time I see Noah Centineo pop up on my Instagram feed. This pullover walks a very fine line between flirty and creepy, which is why it's absolutely perfect. Amazon, $34SHOP ITLook closely and you'll realize this sweater is an ode to your favorite Halloween movie, Hocus Pocus. Buy two more to appropriately match with your coven. J.Crew, $60SHOP ITI love a good theme year-round, which is why I'll be wearing this hoodie every time I don't get a text back. Amazon, $34SHOP IT"You say you want a bad b*tch witch baby, now you have it..." 🎶Walmart, $19SHOP ITNobody puts pumpkin in the corner. Etsy, $20SHOP ITThem: Why do you look so unhappy all of the time? Me: Amazon, $40SHOP ITIntroducing the OG ugly Halloween sweater. Be careful, or you might find yourself accidentally twinning with the girl across the room. Amazon, $29SHOP ITPete Davidson will be wearing this exact sweater in exactly two and a half weeks. Promise. Twenty One Pilots, $60SHOP ITThis sweater checks off two boxes: excellent Twenty One Pilots stan merch (the band's name and logo is embroidered on it), and an accurate representation of how we all feel nearing the end of 2018. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Is it modest? Is it sexy? It's kind of both. The Game of Thrones series may have finished filming, but everyone in the cast are still thick as thieves. Case in point: Last night Emilia Clarke attended HBO's My Dinner With Herve premiere in Los Angeles to support fellow GoT actor Peter Dinklage in his new movie role. For the event, Clarke went with a sexy two-piece black suit, which she likely worked on with her stylist Petra Flannery. The actor kept the accessories simple with a pair of hoop earrings and strappy black heels.And, in case you didn't notice, Clarke also debuted her fresh pixie cut on the red carpet. The hair is daring, bold, and quite different from her mother-of-dragons look (who could forget Daenerys Targaryen's platinum blonde braids?). With a look like that, it was clear the menswear-inspired suit paired perfectly with Clarke's hair. It made her look edgy and confident, though the actress doesn't need assistance in either categories. To keep the look sexy, Clarke skipped wearing an undershirt (and possibly a bra?) and let the plunging neckline speak for itself.She's not alone, however, in ditching the tops—stars like Kourtney Kardashian and Evan Rachel Wood have done it too. Thus convincing me that the next time I suit up, I should skip wearing a shirt too. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			MZ Wallace and Lingua Franca announce a new collab.In an era of heightened social consciousness, simply making "stuff" isn't enough. Today's shoppers want their purchases to have meaning, to stand for something. The women behind MZ Wallace and Lingua Franca—two fashion labels helmed by female founders with entrepreneurial spirits and a desire to give back to their communities, or as I like to call them, power women—know as much, and are giving the people what they want. Not just because it's smart professionally, but because it matters to the women personally. In a genius collaboration, the two companies yesterday released a limited-edition tote bag that calls out the need for more women in political roles. Here, they give MarieClaire.com an exclusive behind-the-scenes look at how the project came together. Monica Zwirner and Lucy Wallace Eustice launched their handbag brand, MZ Wallace, in 2000 with a mission to provide high-quality accessories for women. Not only do they make stylish, sturdy bags, but—through their MZ Wallace Gives Back program—often bags with a higher meaning. (In the past the company has collaborated with artists or industry insiders to create specialized totes whose sales benefit educational or creative arts programs.)Meanwhile, Rachelle Hruska MacPherson turned her hobby of embroidering cashmere sweaters into a business focused on fair trade and ethical labor practices in 2016. The trademark of Lingua Franca sweaters were embroidered hip hop lyrics in a whimsical cursive font—that is, until Donald Trump became president. Since then, the sweaters have flashed resistance phrases. Nashville star Connie Britton wore a custom-made "poverty is sexist" Lingua Franca sweater to the 2018 Golden Globe Awards. Simultaneously, Reese Witherspoon commissioned the brand to make a batch of sweaters that read "Time's Up"  and gave them out to Hollywood A-listers, including Meryl Streep. It didn't take long for Zwirner, Wallace Eustice, and Hruska MacPherson to realize they should join forces (the trio of businesswomen are friends, after all) and dream up an impactful project in the lead-up to the midterms. "We knew the elections were coming up. Lucy and I are passionate about politics and women. I bumped into Rachelle one day and we both said, 'Let’s do something. Let’s use the power of the two brands to raise political awareness,'" explains Zwirner."It’s the first time Lingua Franca did something outside of womenswear. It never made sense until Monica came to us," Hruska MacPherson adds.Together, they created a medium-size metro tote bag featuring that singular LF embroidery. The message: give a damn.The bag creation process began in June, with Hruska MacPherson leading the charge on colors for the stitching and, of course, potential sayings. The trio landed on "give a damn" for multiple reasons. The first-ever Lingua Franca sweaters were embroidered with the inspiring phrase, and it's a motto Hruska MacPherson champions in her own life."I’ve always liked that phrase because it can apply to so many different things, whatever your cause is," she says. "It resonates with what is happening right now in this climate of America. It’s powerful. It's playful, but packs a punch. You know when you see it, that that person cares."The women briefly considered an alternative, "give a shit," but ultimately decided against it. That the tote be accessible to all women (with a child-friendly phrase, just in case they asked about the meaning) was paramount. "My mother wouldn’t carry a 'give a shit' bag," Hruska MacPherson says. "I wanted a message that you would be proud to wear around your house...." Later, she elaborates on what the phrase means to her, personally, saying, "We need to keep reminding everyone, including the younger generation, to give a damn, to not be complacent with what society says you should do. If you’re human and you’re alive, be an active participant in humanity and in culture."Zwirner echos that need to fight complacency: "It’s not about being passive, it’s an active way of being," she says of the bag's messaging. "Hopefully, we inspire people to care and to promote change."As for the palette, the ladies knew black was a powerful canvas to work off of—and would also potentially appeal to men who wanted to buy the bags in support. "We need the men on our side. This could be a cool diaper bag [for fathers]," Hruska MacPherson says.As the limited-edition bags (there are just 700 units) were being made, the women worked on finding the right politically-driven organization to benefit. Whichever group they chose would receive 100 percent of the net proceeds from the bag sales. "It took us two minutes to come up with She Should Run," says Zwirner, noting the importance of choosing a non-partisan organization. Hruska MacPherson chimes in: "I am outspokenly liberal, but it was important we picked an organization that was not one-sided. It was about caring that women worked together. Everyone should give a damn, no matter what side they’re on." Founded by Erin Loos Cutraro, She Should Run encourages women to seek office in the U.S.—regardless of their political leanings—and sets them up with the right resources and networking opportunities to create a truly viable campaign."We were over the moon to work with these incredibly well-known, women-led brands," Cutraro explains. "When we learned that the saying was 'give a damn,' we actually cheered in our office. She Should Run’s role is to get women to run for office, so often we’re like, 'Look, if you care about a cause and you're not seeing anyone in an elected role bring about that change, do something yourself, because, otherwise, you’re missing an opportunity to give a damn.' The bag is such a powerful way for us to take this message even further."For Wallace Eustice, "give a damn" is all about getting involved. "We can all claw our faces and talk about how upset we are, but 'give a damn' is a call to action. Don’t just complain and feel crappy about it."Officially sold on this empowering bag? You can shop it here. For those who may want to go a step further, create change in your own life and get into politics, Cutraro offers this actionable advice:"If you care about a cause and you don’t see a policy connection, look for someone who can make that change. Is there someone to represent you and your community? If not, consider running. And if not you, then who? Find someone else you believe in. It’s highly likely she might have doubts in the ability for her to step up," she says. "We, as women, tend to think we don't have the necessary qualifications. But, having someone you trust say, 'you, you should run for office' really makes a difference. We don’t have to remain in a place with the status quo. Use your power and your voice."From explainers to essays, cheat sheets to candidate analysis, we're breaking down exactly what you need to know about this year's midterms. Visit Marie Claire's Midterms Guide for more.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I've been waiting for this.In case you haven’t heard, Saks kicked off its friends and family sale this week. So what are the deals? You’ll receive 25 percent off a selection of clothes, shoes, and accessories while selected pieces of jewelry are 20 percent off. To make the process easier for you, the website even shows you the original price vs. the sale price—less calculations equals more time to shop, right? Since no one has the time to peruse through all the items, I narrowed down my favorite pieces under $150 ahead. Shop directly from my list or use it as a jumping off point to find your next fall sweater or boot. The sale ends Oct. 8, so don't let that item hang out in your checkout cart for long.Rebecca Minkoff cold-shoulder sweatshirt, $88 $66SHOP ITRag & Bone high-rise jeans, $195 $146SHOP ITRebecca Taylor textured dress, $295, $133SHOP ITJoie tank top, $198 $89SHOP ITSchutz leather sandals, $200 $150SHOP ITRails star sweater, $168 $126SHOP ITAidan Mattox sequin dress, $245 $147SHOP ITTheory striped knot dress, $225 $68SHOP ITDiane von Furstenberg wrap blouse, $298 $134SHOP ITLoeffler Randall knit sneaker, $295 $89SHOP ITCami NYC cutout blouse, $198, $149SHOP ITSplendid faux leather leggings, $98 $74SHOP ITElizabeth and James bodega bag, $195 $146SHOP ITPaige bell-sleeve sweater, $128 $96SHOP ITDraper James love circle dress, $135 $101SHOP ITKendall + Kylie ankle boots, $150 $113SHOP ITA.L.C. stripe T-shirt dress, $195 $88SHOP ITSplendid linen stripe blouse, $108 $57SHOP ITMinnie Rose slippers, $418 $111SHOP ITAlice & Olivia one-shoulder top, $275 $124SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I'm on board. Are you?A few weekends ago, I was out shopping when I noticed something peculiar. Almost every retailer I popped into, from Aritzia to Uniqlo, offered some type of fleece outerwear. You’re probably thinking, it’s fall, of course fleece would be everywhere. But I know better. Fleece jackets, for this season at least, are a trend. Fleece is normally used to create coats, jackets, and footwear for the great outdoors, but also works just as well for a city girl like me. The material, unlike wool or shearling, is completely synthetic (it’s made of polyester), super warm, lightweight, and resists annoying fall/winter elements like moisture. I like to bundle up when the temperatures dip, and luckily, this fall, there is no shortage of cute and fashionable fleece jackets. I picked out my favorite nine styles, below.  They all offer something a little different.Aritzia tna fleece jacket, $178SHOP ITBefore you purchase your first fleece outerwear, explore all your options. Don't know where to start? Go with the simplest of styles like this one from Aritzia. It comes in four different colors—all neutral hues and easy to match with—and has no fussy embellishments or designs, just zippers. This low-key piece will suit women of all ages.Zara fleece jacket, $100SHOP ITOn the opposite end of the spectrum, if you're not loving the neutral-colored fleeces, this pink one from Zara will brighten up your day (and closet). It's feminine, playful, and pairs well with an all-black outfit or floral dresses with a bit of pink in them. The price isn't bad either, if you're on the hunt for something affordable. Burberry striped fleece hoodie, $1,390SHOP ITIf you’re feeling fancy, wrap yourself up in this Burberry fleece hoodie from its fall 2018 collection. The cream-colored fleece provides the perfect canvas for red, yellow, and blue stripes to make their splash. Take a cue from the model on the website and wear layers underneath your hoodie for warmth. Madewell x Penfield Lucan fleece, $135SHOP ITWhen the weather permits, a fleece vest is an easy layering piece if you don’t want to wear a full jacket. Massachusetts-based Penfield teamed up with Madewell to create this ivory coral fleece vest for your fall wardrobe. You can wear it over a long-sleeve shirt for weekend hikes or over a hoodie and leggings on your way back from pilates. Consider this the laidback piece your closet’s been missing.Goodnight macroon fleece teddy, $89SHOP ITOne unique quality about this fleece jacket is its oversize fit. This gives you more room to easily layer a sweater or cardigan underneath without appearing overly bulky. It comes in a nice auburn color that reminds me of fall, while the elasticated cuffs and hems ensure the jacket is fitted to your body. Wear with a gray turtleneck top, flared jeans, and platform combat boots. Sandy Liang cordury-panel fleece jacket, $525SHOP ITCity girls might feel drawn to this icy-blue fleece since the designer, Sandy Liang, herself grew up on the streets of NYC. It’s the wearable piece you throw on without a second thought as you made a mad dash for the train. One cool aspect of this jacket is that Liang sewed corduroy fabric pockets and elbow patches on top of the fleece for a completely unique look. This must-have outerwear is already in my checkout cart.ASTR the Label fleece jacket, $158SHOP ITASTR the Label offers fleece outerwear that’s slightly more structured, like this moto jacket-inspired piece. It has a spread collar and an asymmetrical front-zip closure, not too different from most leather jacket styles. Side zippers give you a place to stuff your hands into when it’s cold. Since the front is tricky to zip up completely without looking off, style with a scarf to cover up any skin left exposed to the elements.Columbia mountain jacket, $80SHOP ITThere’s a reason this Columbia jacket has the description “mountain” in its name: The abstract print resembles the rocky formations. Brown and gray shapes cover the entire fleece outerwear, giving it a fall/wintery feel. Just imagine this jacket draped over you as you’re sipping coffee on a snow day. Nothing sounds more relaxing and cozy, right?Sea madeline fleece jacket, $875SHOP ITSea released its new fleece jacket just in time for fall. The piece has detailed black stitching on the scalloped collar and sleeves while bold black buttons trail down the front—a departure from the zipper styles we've seen. Shrug it on over cozy separates and pair with cowboy-inspired boots to channel the current western trend in fashion.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I'm getting 'Westworld' vibes.Jennifer Lawrence is back to working with Dior, this time starring in their cruise 2019 collection. (Lawrence has been the face of Dior since 2012 and has partnered with the fashion house on multiple fashion and beauty campaigns.) The actress posed for Dutch photographer Viviane Sassen in a desert setting with horses while wearing petticoats, button-downs, and ties that all contained Maria Grazia Chiuri's feminine signature twist.In fact, the creative director of Dior drew her inspiration for her cruise collection from the escaramuzas (a name given to a group of women who ride horses and make them dance in choreographed style to Mexican music). The sport requires power, discipline, and strength, which makes sense why Lawrence was chosen as a face for the ad campaign (have you seen her in The Hunger Games?) In Dior's 30-second video, the actress tries her best to evoke those powerful feelings while the video itself also gives off Westworld-esque vibes.If you're completely taken with the equestrian theme, you'll want to take a look at the cruise collection below. I picked out two must-have pieces, which are available now. But first, take a look at Lawrence's video for Dior and her gorgeous campaign images.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			A British designer will create the gown. In exactly 9 days, Princess Eugenie will walk down the aisle to Jack Brooksbank at St. George's Chapel, Windsor Castle. The wedding, which will include more than 200-plus guests, will air on a television channel in the U.K., ITV's This Morning, though no U.S. equivalent has been announced yet. Regardless of how we all end up tuning in to the wedding, the one thing we want to see the most is, of course, the bride's gown. The princess has managed to keep most details of her ensemble private (similar to Meghan Markle when she planned her wedding), from the style to the exact designer.While we've made our own predictions on what she'll wear, the only thing we can confirm about her dress is that it will be by a British designer. Princess Eugenie first revealed this tidbit to British Vogue and, since then, the press and fans have been placing bets on who will create the gown, naming numerous fashion houses, including Vivienne Westwood and Erdem. "I'm not telling anyone who is making it, but I can say it is a British-based designer. [The dress] is the one thing that I was really decisive about," Princess Eugenie said. "As soon as we announced the wedding, I knew the designer, and the look, straight away. I never thought I'd be the one who knew exactly what I like, but I've been pretty on top of it."Unlike most brides searching Pinterest for inspo, the 28-year-old seems to know exactly what she wants in her gown and the person to deliver it. Though her wedding dress and ceremony will inevitably be compared to Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's, Princess Eugenie's true fans know a comparison just won't do. This bride's got a sensibility all her own (she's reportedly having a plastic-free wedding, which is definitely unique) and her dress, no doubt, will be gorgeous. Meanwhile, her fiancé, Brooksbank, might wear a morning coat or formal suit for the ceremony. Since he has not served in the military, he won't wear a uniform as Prince Harry and Prince William did on their own wedding days. As we count down the days to the reveal of Princess Eugenie's wedding gown, join us in guessing what tiara she'll wear. (Hint: It's likely she'll select a family heirloom, complete with a veil.) 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			True love does exist, and it's on my feet right now. In our biweekly series, our editors will be sharing "the item they wear to death," whether it be a basic white tee or a super-trendy jumpsuit. Prepare yourself (and your credit card) for some guilt-free shopping.Most high-school relationships are fleeting, burning bright for a few months before fizzling to their anti-climactic death. But the relationship I entered into in 9th grade has not only withstood the test of time, but has grown more intense over the last decade. I’m talking about my pure, deep love of white slip-on Keds—the only shoes me and my feet will ever truly love.As a girl growing up in southern California at the height of the Vans checkerboard sneaker craze, it was only natural that my dream pair of first-day-of-school shoes would be a skate shoe. The only problem? My incredibly wide feet couldn’t fit into the white Vans I wanted. And so my mom found a compromise: white canvas slip-on Keds, which came in a wide width and made my duck feet look surprisingly narrow, thanks to their minimalist design.It was honestly like Cinderella and her glass slipper—as I slid my foot into those white canvas Keds, fairy-tale bells chimed. I spent the first four years of my love affair splatter-painting each replacement pair of white Keds in my backyard, meticulously taping off the edges and then waterproofing them with fabric protectant. They were my high-school calling card—the girl with the splatter-painted shoes (nobody actually said this).I then set aside my paints and graduated to pure-white Keds in college, gently washing them every month with a scrub brush and a hydrogen-peroxide-baking-soda mixture to keep them extra clean and white. And now, a few years later, my post-college adult self is rich with money (LOL, not) and has the luxury of rotating between two pairs of Keds—white canvas and white leather—depending on the weather and my mood. White Keds are, at this point, an extension of my body, inspiring full chapters in my future autobiography. And I can’t even really explain why. They are, at their core, pretty basic. They’re what cute little grandmas wear to the airport. They’re not even sturdy (I have to replace mine every 4–6 months). But they’re also crazy comfortable, available in wide sizes, and the perfect chameleon shoe to make dowdy outfits look sharper, and stuffy outfits look softer. I’ve worn my white Keds with fancy, frilly dresses to give them an office-casual vibe, and I’ve worn my white Keds with sweatshirts and yoga pants to give them a crisp, elevated feel. I’ve worn them to job interviews and underneath bridesmaid’s dresses. I’ve worn them in the rain, and I’ve worn them on the train. I’ve worn them in a house, and I've worn them with a mouse (seriously—welcome to NYC).Clearly, white Keds are the one item I’ve worn to death, and will continue wearing to death until I, myself, die. And then I shall be buried with my white Keds and require everyone at my funeral to wear white Keds, too, because I am nothing if not consistent in my #brand.Keds Champion Slip-On Canvas Shoes, $40SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's an unexpected look for the Duchess.On Wednesday, Meghan Markle and Prince Harry made an official visit to Sussex, a rural county in south-east England. The couple, whose royal titles contain the name of the region, will participate in a series of activities from opening the University of Chichester Tech Park to visiting Survivors' Network, an organization that supports survivors of rape and sexual assault.Even though they will be walking around all day, Meghan arrived at the first stop on their mini tour, Chichester town centre, in a pair of Stuart Weitzman nude heels. She wore a forest green Hugo Boss leather pencil skirt with paneled structure and paired the statement piece with a simple but smart & Other Stories blouse. She then covered up with an elegant Armani cream coat to shield from the British fall weather. Meghan accessorized with a matching dark green Gabriela Hearst Nina bag, her sweet Ginette NY 'Mini Wolf' chain necklace, and Missoma bracelets and rings. This latest look from the Duchess was entirely different than her Givenchy velvet dress, which she wore last week to the Royal Academy's Oceania exhibit. Lately, Meghan's gone back and forth between wearing dresses and sleek trousers for public appearances. Today she seemed to be in the mood to mix things up a little and try something different, and looked amazing for her much-anticipated trip to Sussex with her husband Harry.Meghan's smart Sussex attire could not have been further from Kate Middleton's more laidback look from yesterday from her solo outing at the Sayers Croft Forest School and Wildlife Garden. Meghan meets the children from Westbourne School #Chichester who gave her their A-Z of Sussex! pic.twitter.com/Y4NRo2JpIfThat being said, the two royals have dramatically different styles to begin with. Kate likes the more traditional and reserved outfits while Meghan tip-toes along the line between being modest and bold. Today, her look was definitely a little more on the modern side.Get Meghan's exact outfit for yourself, below.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Models walked barefoot in the sand.Karl Lagerfeld's set designs for Chanel shows are almost as notable as his clothes and accessories. He has a knack for turning any space into an Instagrammable moment, whether it's creating an "into the woods" set, like he did for his fall '18 show, or using a live rocket as a prop in his fall '17 show. For the spring 2019 collection, Lagerfeld exceeded expectations by turning the Grand Palais (a museum and exhibition hall in Paris) into the beach. There was a sense of ease yet glamour in the collection, made all the more apparent by models being barefoot as they walked down the sandy "runway." The looks ranged from tweed sets and fishermen vests to Chanel logo belts and chains. As usual, the accessories had their moment as models doubled up on bags, wearing next season's It pieces around their necklaces. My particular favorites were the logo chain belts, which would look amazing if worn with a one-piece swimsuit. As far as Paris Fashion Week shows go, Lagerfeld's #ChanelByTheSea theme is definitely one of the most memorable ones so far. We can't tell who had more fun in the end, Lagerfeld or his group of models. Catch up on everything that went down at the beach, below. Karl Lagerfeld transformed the museum's interior into a beach scene called "Chanel By The Sea."A nice reprieve from wearing heels on the catwalk.Hottest life guards...ever?Pamela Anderson and Pharell Williams attended the show.No surprise here, she recently launched a collaboration with Lagerfeld's namesake brand and dominated Paris Fashion Week runways.I want that dress.Adding the bikini to my spring 2019 wishlist. The coolest baseball-inspired woven hat?"Yup, I did good."		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Here's what Meghan wore to past weddings...Update 10/12: Meghan Markle wore a Bespoke navy Givenchy dress and coat with navy Manolo Blahnik to Princess Eugenie's wedding. She accessorized with a matching blue Bespoke Noel Stewart cocktail hat. The dark hue looked gorgeous on the Duchess of Sussex and ensured she didn't steal the spotlight away from the bride. (In fact, both her and Kate Middleton went into the church rather quickly to keep the focus on Princess Eugenie's arrival to the church.) Givenchy is also quickly becoming Meghan's go-to for outfits, so expect to see more designs from this fashion house beyond today.Original story 10/2:Meghan Markle's no stranger to royal weddings. After she married Prince Harry, she went to the wedding of his cousin, Celia McCorquodale, where she wore an Oscar de la Renta dress. A few months later, Meghan was spotted in a Club Monaco ensemble at the wedding of Harry's childhood best friend, Charlie van Straubenzee and Daisy Jenks. Both of those wedding guest outfits were colorful, bold, and effortless. They were also a breath of fresh air from the usual stiff coat dresses we usually see at royal ceremonies. Given Meghan's sometimes unconventional yet stylish choices, we're all wondering what she'll wear to Princess Eugenie's wedding on October 12. The ceremony will be held at St. George's Chapel in Windsor (the same place Meghan and Harry wed) and is expected to be a huge celebration. Since the church ceremony is a little more formal, my guess is that Meghan won't be wearing a fluttery, floral dress, as she has for the summer weddings. Compared to Kate Middleton, who will likely be in a coat dress (she wore this Alexander McQueen piece to Meghan's nuptials), if Meghan chooses a breezy gown, it might come across as too casual for Princess Eugenie's wedding.The royal will likely go the other route, with more sophisticated styles like this fit-and-flare Roland Mouret number, which Jennifer Garner also wore to her walk of fame ceremony. In order to not steal the spotlight from the bride, Meghan might also choose a more demure color to wear such as navy, pale pink, or caramel. For Prince Louis' christening, the duchess wore an olive Ralph Lauren dress with a matching fascinator. The look was simple and elegant. The color—though a little unexpected—looked gorgeous on Meghan.As for who might design Meghan's wedding guest look, the options are...endless. She has worn creations from Stella McCartney, Carolina Herrera, Prada, Altuzarra, and, of course: Givenchy. As Elle noted, the royal has worn the label to most of her "firsts" as a royal, so she could wear the fashion house again to one of the biggest wedding days in history. One thing we know for sure, however, is that Meghan will most definitely have a fascinator on as guests are required to wear them for royal weddings.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You can buy the exact piece on Amazon.On Tuesday, Kate Middleton returned from maternity leave to visit the Sayers Croft Forest School and Wildlife Garden at Paddington Recreation Ground in London. For the visit, the Duchess of Cambridge arrived in a laidback ensemble that allowed her to move freely. She layered a Joseph blouse underneath a green sweater and then covered up in a Fjallraven army green jacket. The royal also wore re-wore her Zara moto jeans and Penelope Chilvers brown boots. The sturdy footwear was perfect for touring the grounds in while the jeans allowed Kate to bend down to play with the kids. She helped the children make leaf crowns and assisted them with potting plants. (Activities she's likely done with her young children, Prince George and Princess Charlotte.) While her causal green ensemble was seemingly a repeat of her past outfits, one of the most important pieces in her look was the jacket. The $200 Fjallraven design is touted as a "nature" jacket, which makes sense why Kate wore it: she spent all her time outdoors today. The outerwear was similar to the many green army coats the duchess owns, but, of course, this isn't the first time Kate's bought multiples of something. (That's how you craft a signature style, after all.) Don't be surprised if you see this olive jacket pop up every now and then in her wardrobe, again.Shop Kate's exact jacket below, if you're feeling inspired.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Today, she visited the Sayers Croft Forest School and Wildlife Garden. On Tuesday afternoon, Kate Middleton returned from maternity leave after taking a six-month break from public engagements. For her first event, the Duchess of Cambridge visited the Sayers Croft Forest School and Wildlife Garden at Paddington Recreation Ground. As expected, she dressed down in an army green jacket by Fjallraven, a Joseph blouse layered under a green sweater, and Zara moto jeans. She wore her go-to Penelope Chilvers brown boots.Kate's maternity leave time has varied with each child she had. After giving birth to Prince George on July 22, 2013, she was back to work in six weeks at a Ring O’ Fire Anglesey event. She took a longer break after the birth of Princess Charlotte on May 2, returning to work officially on September 17 when she visited the Anna Freud Centre in central London. The outfits she wore to each of these formal engagements semi-differed, too.For the marathon event in 2013, Kate went for a more laidback look with an olive blazer, printed shirt, and jeans. She also wore a pair of wedge espadrilles, which Queen Elizabeth might have had opinions on. For the Anna Freud Centre visit, Kate wore a houndstooth print Ralph Lauren shirt dress and black pumps. It appeared Kate wanted to channel her more casual self, since this time she opted for jeans and a sweater—the perfect fall-friendly outfit. Check out what Kate wore to each of her first, back-to-work public events after giving birth to her children.The looks compared:Now that she's officially back in the spotlight, expect her to debut a mix of old and new pieces from her royal wardrobe. It'll be back to fancy skirt suits and coat dresses for this mum of three.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's just so shiny.Trust none other than style icon Kylie Jenner to make head-to-toe red PVC seem like a really great, wearable idea. This weekend, Kylie headed to Miami with best friend Jordyn Woods to celebrate their joint 21st birthdays this year with a suitably extra party. This will collectively be the girls' fourth time celebrating their big days but hey, you’re only 21 once and you might as well get as much cake as possible out of it.Of course, such a special occasion also calls for a particularly special outfit, so Kylie opted for the shiniest and squeakiest thing in her closet. Bringing Britney’s “Oops!… I Did It Again” turtleneck catsuit straight into 2018, she chose a vibrant red latex bra top teamed with co-ordinated, high-waisted trousers,  both by I.AM.GIA. The pants featured zip detailing across the waistline and thighs, presumably for when things get too sweaty to bear and she has to switch to hot pants instead. It’s the latest look in the life long Kardashian-Jenner love affair with latex looks, after Kylie stepped out in a skintight, plastic pink dress last month that gave a major throwback to one of Kim’s signature style moments.Having been rocking the super-long, ponytail extensions with a cotton candy pink wash as of late, Kylie switched it up and went back to basics with her shorter cut, straight platinum lob in a centre part to complete her 90s-inspired aesthetic. miami♥️A post shared by  Kylie ♥️ (@kyliejenner) on Oct 1, 2018 at 2:55pm PDT Sunday SquadA post shared by  David Grutman (@davegrutman) on Sep 30, 2018 at 9:37pm PDTSharing the night all across social media (well, obviously), Kylie and her bestie first began the night at Komodo restaurant in Miami’s Brickell, where Jordyn was gifted an understated, five-tier birthday cake complete with gold detail, huge flowers and a bedazzled 21. Later, the squad headed to LIV nightclub to join more friends for the night.  Kylie changed into something a little more comfortable, wearing a casual, white knotted tank top and light wash blue jeans to continue the celebrations. 21 never looked this good🔥😍A post shared by  dash_broadcast (@dash_broadcast) on Oct 1, 2018 at 12:30pm PDTAll these latex outfits make me think of is Ross in Friends and his lotion/talc paste in the leather trousers, but fingers crossed that wasn't the ending to Kylie's night.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			From ballerina-inspired outfits to extravagant hats.Paris Fashion Week had a strong designer show list. Dior, Jacquemus, and Gucci all debuted their spring 2019 collections on the first day, proving that fashion is in the heart and soul of the city. While Dior's Maria Grazia Chiuri let ballet inspire her spring collection, Alessandro Michele of Gucci paid tribute to singer Dolly Parton and kitchy Mickey Mouse-themed items on the runway. For the final days of PFW, Pierpaolo Piccioli of Valentino sent down bold red outfits while Olivier Rousteing brought out, once again, the power in Balmain garments. Relive some of our favorite moments, ahead. Models walked barefoot in the sand.Artist Jon Rafman collaborated with creative director Demna Gvasalia to create an immersive video installation titled The Ride Never Ends. The show took place inside a LED screen-paneled tunnel.The show was held at the Longchamp Racecourse.  A wizened woman of @commedesgarcons unleashed, bearing all those many weights and loads, ready to birth a new approach at CDG 👏🏻🙌🏻👌🏻👏🏻🙌🏻👌🏻A post shared by  Susie Lau (@susiebubble) on Sep 29, 2018 at 9:13am PDT - HERE I STAND - SS’19’A post shared by  HAIDER ACKERMANN (@h.a) on Sep 29, 2018 at 1:03am PDT"Rick Owens effigy was particularly powerful as everyone in the front row watched Christine Blasey Ford’s testimony pre-show." — Kate Lanphear, Creative Director ARE YOU COMING TO « LA RIVIERA » ? SUMMER 2019  @dickpageface @ramoneyluv @bureaubetak @claradeshayes @thewoolmarkcompany @lucienpagescommunication @studiopremices @lorealmakeupA post shared by  SIMON PORTE JACQUEMUS (@jacquemus) on Sep 24, 2018 at 11:54am PDT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Reminisce over the best looks.That's a wrap! Paris Fashion Week had officially ended. Both celebrities and fashion influencers alike packed their very best outfits for the city, which included chic coats, sweaters, and dresses. (Prince Harry and Prince William's third cousin, Lady Amelia Windsor, even made an appearance at Dior!) Reminisce over all the unforgettable outfits, ahead. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Expect the gown to have sleeves.Update 10/12: On Friday, Princess Eugenie wore a gorgeous wedding dress by Peter Pilotto to walk down the aisle in at St. George's Chapel, Windsor Castle. The bride accessorized with a glittering Grenville Emerald tiara, loaned to her by her grandmother Queen Elizabeth. The green matched the color of her bridesmaids' outfits and Princess Eugenie's own mom also wore green. For a special touch, the royal wore earrings that were a wedding gift from her husband Jack Brooksbank. The princess's dress was quite different from both Kate Middleton and Meghan Markle's own gowns. It featured a slight off-the-shoulder fit, a heavy train, and woven designs on the bodice. According to MarieClaire.com's exclusive royal wedding expert and bridal designer Caroline Castigliano, the symbols "are a Thistle for Scotland acknowledging the couple's fondness for Balmoral, a Shamrock for Ireland as a nod to the Bride's Ferguson family, the York Rose and ivy representing the couple's home. Peter Pilotto and Christopher De Vos have reinterpreted these symbols in a garland of rope like motifs, woven into a jacquard of silk, cotton and viscose blend." Original story 9/30:Princess Eugenie's wedding to Jack Brooksbank is set for Friday, October 12 at St. George's Chapel in Windsor (the same place where Prince Harry and Meghan Markle said their "I dos"). At the top of everyone's mind, of course, is what kind of wedding dress will Eugenie wear on her big day. Here's a sample of questions running through my brain: What will it look like? Who's the designer? Will it resemble Meghan's? Will she have a second dress? MarieClaire.com's exclusive royal wedding expert and bridal designer Caroline Castigliano, said, "I think it will be entirely different from Meghan’s  bridal gown. I think there will be romance in Eugenie’s dress, a fuller skirt, perhaps some detailed lace. There could be organza, the over all feel will be very different to Meghan’s dress."Though Eugenie has been mum on the details, if you track her style, you can get a sense of what she might look for in a wedding gown. She's known for wearing fashion-forward pieces, from floral minidress to fit-and-flare three-quarter sleeve dresses. She's worn designs by the likes of Vivienne Westwood, Erdem, Michael Kors, and Maggy London. The dresses too often highlight her curves and waistline—something Eugenie might want to emphasize in her wedding gown look. She's not afraid to give trends a try and has broken royal dress protocols before...in style. For example, all women in the royal family are required to wear tights, but back in 2017 Eugenie skipped wearing hosiery with her heels at the Ascot Racecourse. She's not alone in this though as Meghan's done it too. In addition, Eugenie has also worn some unconventional fascinators, along with her sister Beatrice, that have become a fixture of internet talk. One thing is certain—Eugenie simply wears what she likes, paying no mind to anyone else. So, when it comes to her wedding gown, expect a surprise or two, whether it be a beaded dress train or a lace bodice. It's safe to say, however, Eugenie's wedding dress might have sleeves for a more conservative look. After all, Eugenie's mother Sarah Ferguson wore a poofy-sleeved ivory duchess satin gown by Lindka Cierach when she married Prince Andrew in 1986. Plus, Kate Middleton's Alexander McQueen wedding dress featured lace sleeves and Meghan's own Givenchy gown had a three-quarter sleeve style. If Eugenie looks to them for inspiration, her arms will definitely be partially covered at the ceremony.While all these details are fun to speculate, including the tiara she will wear, Eugenie recently revealed one small piece to the wedding dress puzzle. In an interview with British Vogue, the 28-year-old revealed her gown will be made by a British designer. "[The dress] is the one thing that I was really decisive about," she said. "As soon as we announced the wedding, I knew the designer, and the look, straight away. I never thought I'd be the one who knew exactly what I like, but I've been pretty on top of it."Given that Eugenie wore an Erdem dress to announce her engagement in, the fashion house could very well be making her bridal look. In the past, she's also worn creations from British designers like Vivienne Westwood, Preen by Thornton Bregazzi, Burberry, and Osman. "Stewart Parvin could be a contender as he designs wedding dresses and also makes dresses for the Queen, so he is well known to the royal family. Maybe Alice Temperley, too," said Castigliano. On Friday, September 28, Eugenie posted a throwback picture on Instagram that may hold a clue about her dress. The picture is from a 2016 Harper's Bazaar shoot, in which she posed in a bespoke Alberta Ferretti lace gown. The post is leading some to speculate that Eugenie might use the designer for her wedding gown.  #tbt to some serious daydreaming going on here. Pre-wedding vibes! @harpersbazaarus @alexbramallA post shared by  Princess Eugenie (@princesseugenie) on Sep 27, 2018 at 11:28am PDTUltimately, whatever Princess E chooses to wear for her wedding day, she's bound to look beautiful. As for if she'll wear a second dress, Castigliano said, "I don’t think Princess Eugenie will change from her wedding gown for the evening reception."		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Plays Inspector Gadget theme song.Trench coats have evolved beyond the classic beige and belted styles. They now come in materials like leather and vinyl with prints or ruffles for extra detail. Even fashion houses like Monse have taken the silhouette and remixed it, coming up with illusionary creations like this half-and-half coat (where the blazer looks like it's overlapping the trench). Though the belted, classic trench will remain timeless, this season we have our eyes on the newest trench trends. (Try saying "trench trends" five times fast.) Ahead, our favorite picks, so you can embrace fall in style.Topshop vinyl mac trench coat, $100SHOP ITThe beauty of transparent trenches is that they show off your outfit underneath, whether you’re in a printed dress or a T-shirt and sweatpants (hey, no judgement). You don't have to worry about the coat clashing with any of your outfits and it simply looks cool. For those who are worried about warmth (this piece looks awfully thin) layer a fuzzy teddy jacket or another mid-length coat underneath. Avec Les Filles suede coat, $330SHOP ITThis suede trench has been on my wishlist forever. I love the cognac color and the simplicity of its design; you can wear it with jeans for a casual fall day or over a fancy slip dress at holiday parties. The suede adds an interesting texture to the coat and, most importantly, it looks warm too. H&M trenchcoat, $80SHOP ITTrench coats don't have to be stiff and rigid. This H&M option has more of a languid silhouette that gently drapes over your body. It comes in a pretty burgundy color, that reminds me of red wine or fall foliage, and features a neck clasp to keep the wind from blowing down your coat. It's one of the most stylish pieces to buy if you're on a budget.MSGM denim trench coat, $760SHOP ITI would trade in all five of my denim jackets for this cool denim trench. The outerwear is part of MSGM's pre-fall '18 collection and the design's inspired by British punk fashion with a hint of '50s Americana. Made of rigid blue denim, the trench features a double-breasted silhouette and storm flaps, which prevent wind and rain from getting under your coat. Go for a denim-on-denim outfit by wearing yours over jeans.Joie ruffle trench coat, $179SHOP ITA pop of ruffle detail draws attention to your trench coat while still having it feel wearable. This Joie piece is feminine and polished, making it work-appropriate when paired with a chiffon blouse and an a-line skirt. You can easily take this into the weekend too with cropped jeans and a sweater. The world is your oyster when it comes to this ruffled number.& Other Stories Alpaca blend coat, $249SHOP ITAlpaca wool is similar to a sheep's but warmer, not prickly, and hypoallergenic—it's sort of perfect for making into a coat. I have my eye on this piece from & Other Stories because of the relaxed fit and length. It hits right below the knees, ensuring you're all covered up and warm.Mural belted trench coat, $128SHOP ITThe attention-grabbing plaid design add a preppy twist to the classic double-breasted style and it shows you're not afraid to embrace the trends. Since this outerwear also makes a strong fashion statement without being overly flashy, it's a must-have piece for fall.Zara wrinkle trench coat, $119SHOP ITIf you hate ironing, this coat is for you. The creases all over give the outerwear piece character and style, so the wearer feels like the most fashionable person on the streets. Style with a knitted minidress and thigh-high black boots.Rains glossy trench coat, $215SHOP ITRains coats are designed to protect you from stormy weather, which is why this trench looks so slick and glossy. The water droplets slide right off! The coat has deep flap pockets for your belongings (leave the purse at home so it doesn't get wet) while the waist belt and oversize collar give it that trademark trench coat silhouette. Wear with a hoodie, black jeans, and black ankle boots.Storets trench coat, $198SHOP ITWhen looking for a trench coat, look for the tiny details that make it stand out from the usual styles. Instead of a waist belt, Storets incorporated looped rope designs on the sides for a unique fashion touch. Wear this coat with a sweater, jeans, and patent leather knee-high boots.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			As one does. Kim Kardashian knows she's rich. Like, really rich. And she proved it last night, with Kardashian wearing a vintage Jeremy Scott trench coat dress and matching boots covered in dollar bills, as one does. The Keeping Up with the Kardashians star was spotted exiting a restaurant in West Hollywood  for an Anastasia Beverly Hills party accessorizing with tiny sunglasses and carrying a gold glitter bag with a money sign on it. Important question: Do you think she has enough room to fit her wallet? The outfit was resurrected from Scott's fall 2001 collection, according to Harper's BAZAAR. "What do you do when your friend sells her company for a couple billion? You wear a full money fit and throw her a party," Kim said in a video on her Instagram stories. Reminder: Kim is worth $350 million, as reported by Business Insider. Her younger sister Kylie, 21, is worth 2.5 times more than her...coming in at a cool $950 million. A couple months ago, Forbes called Kylie a "self-made multimillionaire," and predicted she's on track to become America’s "youngest-ever self-made billionaire." Twitter had a lot of feelings about the magazine calling her "self made" because, well, she comes from a wealthy family. 💵💵💵 pic.twitter.com/ruTTrshXdnKim isn't the only Kardashian who shamelessly talks about (and wears) their money. Kourtney Kardashian's "I'm so rich" video has become one of the best memes of 2018. So there's that. Kim, if you'd like to pay my rent, I'd happily accept. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The fall/winter items you want.Take a peek into your closet. Are you missing a cozy sweater? Need a new pair of jeans? Well, it looks like you're in luck because The Outnet is having its fall/winter 30 percent off sale, so you can arm yourself with something new and stylish for the season. If you don't have time to browse through all the items on sale, I've handpicked the best 18 items to buy and calculated the discounted price for you. The pieces are all under $150, which is practically a steal. (I have my eyes on you, silky Equipment pajamas.)Proenza Schouler wool sweater, $147 SHOP ITR13 skinny jeans, $113SHOP ITAlexis bodysuit, $123SHOP ITRag & Bone sneakers, $102 SHOP ITEquipment pajama set, $147SHOP ITR13 sweatshirt, $138SHOP ITT by Alexander Wang stripe skirt, $138SHOP ITGanni sweatshirt, $42SHOP ITMother of Pearl pants, $139SHOP ITRTA bodysuit, $61SHOP ITRanjana Khan earrings, $123SHOP ITMarkus Lupfer sweater, $110SHOP ITAlexa Chung sweatshirt, $85SHOP ITHalston Heritage shoulder bag, $102SHOP ITW118 by Walter Baker blouse, $52SHOP ITDiane von Furstenberg flats, $80SHOP ITTheory crepe top, $103SHOP ITVince satin blouse, $134SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She has a knack for finding affordable shoes.On Wednesday, Queen Letizia of Spain hosted guests at Zarzuela Palace to celebrate a new painting room at the Prado Museum in Madrid, Spain. For the event, she suited up in a Hugo Boss tweed blazer and skirt set, which she also wore to Red Cross World Day back in May. The royal styled the suit with a black turtleneck sweater and a pair of heels with a PVC strap across the foot.I'll let you in on a little secret about her shoes, though...the Steve Madden heels are actually one of Queen Letizia's go-to footwear choices. If you don't follow her style regularly, you might never have known, but she's worn this shoe at least three other times this year. She always switches the outfit up, pairing the affordable heels with dresses, skirts, and trousers, which only proves that the $90 shoe is super versatile and comfy. Of course, Queen Letizia isn't the first royal to know a good deal when she spots one. Kate Middleton is known for mixing high-low style by shopping at places like Zara and newly minted royal, Meghan Markle, also finds solid deals at places like J.Crew and Madewell. It seems the most stylish royals have a place in their heart for affordable fashion, and they aren't afraid to let us know. A few other times Queen Letizia has worn her Steve Madden heels...On July 12 to the AECC headquarters:On June 29 to the Rescatadores de Talento conference:On June 27 to the International day of Deafblind People at Plaza de SS.MM. los Reyes de Espana:Shop the royal's exact shoe, below.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			A retrospective. Cardi B wins at life in general, but she decided to take her icon status to another level during New York, Milan, and Paris Fashion Week. After taking a couple months off from performing to spend time with her newborn, Kulture Kiari Cephus, the singer is slowly making her way back to the stage—and the front rows—but not without making a statement from head to toe (literally). From stunning corsets to fuzzy cheetah sunglasses, see the rapper's most over-the-top outfits throughout fashion month, below. A moment of silence for this red Dolce & Gabbana gown Cardi wore to the BAZAAR Icons party...before she lost a shoe. Surprisingly one of her more understated looks for Jeremy Scott's Moschino show. Want need these furry glasses. Not sure if I love the glasses or the boots more though, TBH. Do yourself a favor and watch this video of Cardi in the outfit on her way to the Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan. Three words: Suit up, b*tch. Fashion week or the royal wedding? Cardi stuns in a gorgeous Michael Costello slit dress and matching hat. Once more for the people in the back front. 10 points for the Britney reference in her caption. Cardi changed into this lavender pastel feathered suit by Christian Cowan for the performance she gave at the ETAM show.September 26, 2018: The day I learned that a butt corset does, in fact, exist......But not without a pair of red bottoms. Fin. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The style is classic Bella.On Tuesday night, Bella Hadid took a break from walking the runways to host a party for jewelry label Chrome Hearts. The brand has a special place in Bella's heart—last year, she designed a capsule collection with them. Plus, she's BFFs with Jesse Jo Stark, whose parents founded Chrome Hearts. For the night out, Bella wore a strapless, spotted black minidress with black opaque tights. She channeled the fashion label's rocker-chic vibe with heavily winged eyeliner and a cluster of silver chained necklaces. Since the 21-year-old's dress was completely sheer, everyone got a glimpse of her high-waisted bottoms underneath. She briefly covered up in a black blazer on her way to the car, which she wore off the shoulders. Sure, the look may be quite daring for some people, but naked dress are in Bella's DNA. Last year, she wore this Alexander Wang mesh catsuit to the Met Gala and she's worn sheer tulle gowns from Dior not once, but twice. The model has no problem baring it all for the photographers or her fans. But given that she has posed nude for editorial shoots before, showing a little a lot of skin isn't an issue. Bella was definitely on fire last night.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Don't let it go to waste.I have five silk scarves hanging on the hooks of my closet door. Every time I put one on and check myself out in the mirror, I take it off again. My excuses for not wearing them range from, "The color doesn't match my outfit today" to "It's too hot to wear this right now, I'll save it for fall," (Inevitably, when fall comes around I still don't have one on.) I love my silky, printed scarves, so the only real conclusion I can draw for not accessorizing with them is this: I have no idea how to actually style one.Thankfully, Julia Gall, Marie Claire's Accessories Director tackled this very problem in the magazine's September issue. Ahead, see 8 new ways to style a classic silk scarf.Skip the statement necklace and let your scarf become the centerpiece of your outfit. Wrap the scarf twice around your neck then it knot into a pretty bow that sits right below your chin. The look kind of resembles a pussycat blouse, except the bow can be taken on or off. Wear it to the office with a blazer.Credits: Donna Karan top, $125; Jennifer Fisher earrings, $125, Bulgari scarf, $460; Hair and makeup: Mia Santiago at See Management To the untrained eye, this silk scarf almost looks like it's part of the shirt. In reality, the piece is simply tied around a part of the tank—brilliant. The next time you're wearing a plain sleeveless tank, give this style hack a try to instantly elevate your top.Credits: AG Jeans, $78; DSquared2 scarf, $395; Hair and makeup: Mia Santiago at See Management Never misplace your sunglasses again. Tie the scarf ends to your shades so they're always within your reach. Even better news? When you want to detach the two, your scarf reverts back to being the centerpiece for your neck. Alternatively, you can also attach a small camera to the end of your scarf instead of sunglasses.Credits: Coach scarf, $195; Versace sunglasses, $295; Hair and makeup: Mia Santiago at See Management Tying a silk scarf around your wrist or even around the wristband of your watch is an effortless way to highlight the accessory. It's more unexpected than a bracelet or, in my case, a hair tie. If you're worried the scarf is too long, loop it a few times around your wrist then knot tightly to create a bow that hangs off to the side. Credits: Rag & Bone scarf, $125; Michele watch, $995; Hair and makeup: Mia Santiago at See Management Instead of using a belt to cinch in your trench coat, wrap a scarf around your waist. It serves the same function, but looks dressier and more chic. If your trench comes in a classic beige color, pick a neckerchief with prints or colors to brighten up your whole outfit. Credits: Burberry coat, $1,990; Salvatore Ferragamo scarf, $380; Hair and makeup: Mia Santiago at See Management If your scarf is long enough, you can turn it into a temporary bag. This unconventional (but genius) style hack allows you to repurpose an old scarf you otherwise would have never worn. You likely won't be able to stash heavy items in it, but it's a good makeshift tote for your everyday belongings like a wallet and keys.Credits: Equipment top, $228; Hermès scarf, call for pricing; Hair and makeup: Mia Santiago at See Management Instead of decorating your handbag with keychains, wrap a scarf around the straps. This look has been spotted on street style stars and is a quick way to update your everyday accessory. To avoid a bulky/messy look, wrap the silk scarf tightly around the chain or leather straps. Credits: The Row jacket, $2,190; Levi's top, $35; Donna Karan pants $95; Chanel bag with scarf, $2,700; Hair and makeup: Mia Santiago at See Management To pull off this look, you'll need two scarves. One scarf serves as the back piece while the second covers up your front. In order to make the whole thing stay up, knot each corner of the scarves together. Since your makeshift top will likely be cropped, wear high-waisted bottoms if you don't want to feel too exposed. This model rocked a skirt, but I personally would opt for high-waisted black skinny jeans for a more casual ensemble.Credits: Dolce & Gabbana scarves, $345 each; Fendi skirt, $2,900; Jennifer Fisher earrings, $185; Hair and makeup: Mia Santiago at See Management 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			In the 24 hours since news broke Monday that Michael Kors's parent company, Michael Kors Holdings Limited (now renamed to Capri Holdings Limited), would acquire Versace in a $2 billion deal, the Internet lost it. On Tuesday, John D. Idol, chairman and CEO of Michael Kors Holdings Limited confirmed the deal. "The acquisition of Versace is an important milestone for our group," he said in a press release. "For over 40 years, Versace has represented the epitome of Italian fashion luxury, a testament to the brand’s timeless heritage. We are excited to have Versace as part of our family of luxury brands, and we are committed to investing in its growth."However, fans of the Italian luxury brand started by the late Gianni Versace, and run by his sister, Donatella Versace, since his death, have been devastated over the changes they worry an acquisition might bring."[Versace] founded in 1978 by Gianni Versace. Destroyed in 2018 by [Michael Kors]. It was a good 40 years," actor Drake Bell tweeted. Others reiterated his sentiments as if the fashion brand was nearing some sort of tragic death.Michael Kors bought Versace and now fashion is dead and I’m upsetMichael kors really did just buy Versace..... i am disgusted pic.twitter.com/1mJtNNzRPBBut business experts who study fashion say the deal could be a good thing. Sociologist Anna Akbari, PhD, who worked for a decade in the fashion industry, believes Versace fans and consumers should not be quick to assume that Michael Kors Ltd will do a complete overhaul of the designs that Versace is so famous for."This strikes me less as an indication that Michael Kors will try to shape Versace into the Michael Kors aesthetic, and more possibly that Michael Kors is looking to diversify and grow its portfolio as it develops into a significant fashion conglomerate," Akbari tells ELLE. This is not the first time Michael Kors Holdings Limited, which oversees Michael Kors, the fashion brand, has acquired a well-known luxury company. In 2017, it purchased Jimmy Choo in a $1.2 billion deal. Last year, there was another major luxury acquisition when Coach bought Kate Spade for $2.4 billion.Leslie Davis Burns, author of The Business of Fashion: Designing, Manufacturing, and Marketing, explains why it wouldn't be in Michael Kors' best interest to completely change the design direction of Versace."The Versace family brings the image, glamour, and identity of the brand to this arrangement,"Burns says. "It would be important that this association continues."And according to the reported acquisition agreement, there's a very good chance it will. Idol said Tuesday the Versace family will indeed still play a role in the company.“Donatella’s iconic style is at the heart of the design aesthetic of Versace," he said. "She will continue to lead the company’s creative vision. I am thrilled to have the opportunity to work with Donatella on Versace’s next chapter of growth.”But another concern for shoppers is not just the possibility of the brand's clothing changing, but also the quality of its items and where they will be sold. Some Michael Kors lines are available for purchase at inexpensive retailers like T.J. Maxx and Marshall's, and opposers of the Kors-Versace acquisition, like the actor Drake Bell, fear that will happen with Versace.Michael Kors?!! Wow...Versace. At least now we will be able to find you at Tjmaxxx. It was nice knowing you @versaceJust because Michael Kors bought Versace don’t mean your purse and gold plated watch Versace now... don’t act boogie now. This just means Versace will be available at Marshall’s and TJMaxx stores soon.imagine seeing Versace in Marshalls or Ross lol i would throw upAkbari says marketing products for a larger audience is nothing new, though. "Brands — even luxury brands — selling multiple price points in an effort to offer an aspirational 'affordable luxury' option for a wider consumer audience has been an active strategy for many brands for years," she says.But Burns agrees that public perception can become skewed when companies expand their reach."Brand prestige and image is all about perceived association — association with influencers, association with celebrities, association with retailers," she says. "Therefore, when the Michael Kors brand becomes associated with retailers beyond luxury retailers, then, yes, the image of the brand can change."Still, the full details of the reported agreement have not been released, and these concerns will likely be addressed once the deal is finalized.  "The contract will outline how the businesses will be operated and the decision making for the creative direction of Versace," Burns says. Donatella Versace herself released a statement, calling the acquisition "a very exciting moment for Versace." She, her brother Santo, and her daughter Allegra will be shareholders in Capri Holdings Ltd."We believe that being part of this group is essential to Versace’s long-term success," Donatella said. "My passion has never been stronger. This is the perfect time for our company, which puts creativity and innovation at the core of all of its actions, to grow.”If Donatella approves, then so can the rest of the fashion world.From: ELLE US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's the first royal engagement she's attended solo.You think you've had a busy start to the week? After her appearance with Prince Harry at the Coach Core Awards on Monday, Markle enjoyed her first-ever solo engagement the very next day: The opening of Oceania at the Royal Academy. The Duchess of Sussex is scheduled to view exhibits from New Zealand, Fiji, the Kingdom of Tonga, and Australia. The places aren't random—Meghan and Prince Harry will travel to some of these areas in October during their royal tour. For the Oceania exhibit, Meghan wore a velvet dress with pleated sleeves by Givenchy. This look was different than her previous day's attire where she wore a ruffled top and plain black pants. The royal even tossed a ball around in heels, proving the duchess can play sports while wearing anything. Since today, Meghan didn't have to physically throw anything around, she carried a matching black clutch. As for her shoes, she re-wore her favorite pair of black Aquazzura bow pumps.This is the first time Meghan's gone to an event alone as a royal, but she has nothing to worry about as her outfits always look impeccable and Prince Harry is likely cheering her on...from wherever he is.Video: the Duchess of Sussex in Givenchy tonight  @royalacademy pic.twitter.com/zsRzIZi6kVGet Meghan's exact outfit, below.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's the perfect wear to layer a plunging neckline.Following the promotional tour of her new film A Simple Favor in Paris, Blake Lively took some much needed me time, which included retail therapy and a fashion show. On Monday, the actress arrived in a stunning Dior dress for the fashion house's spring 2019 runway show. The dress featured delicate floral embroidery on the bodice, and the bottom was made of cotton-candy colored tulle. To make the gown appear even more intricate, it featured a silver cage skirt overlay. The piece was evocative of Dior's other "naked dresses," worn by celebrities like Bella Hadid. Since creative director Maria Grazia Chiuri's gown designs often look delicate and sheer, whoever wears it has to embrace the possibility of their undergarments showing. However, as we often know, Hollywood stars can tweak the designs to their liking. Lively, in particular, found the perfect hack for making her dress feel a little more modest on top.Instead of embracing the sheer, plunging neckline, which would have been NSFW, she layered a nude bodysuit underneath her ensemble. This simple piece was sexy and practical—it prevented any accidental slips at the event. The star likely thought of this outfit herself, as she has said more than once to the press that she is her own stylist. Keep the genius fashion hacks coming, Blake.Shop similar beige bodysuits, below.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She also wore the brand to Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's wedding.After vacationing in Tuscany, Italy earlier this month, Pippa Middleton is back in London to prepare for the birth of her first child. (Her rumored due date is in October!) And despite being eight or nine months pregnant, Pippa has not abandoned her love for exercising. She's done barre throughout her pregnancy to stay fit  and on Tuesday, the socialite was spotted leaving a private members' gym in Kensington, London. As she left the gym, Pippa wrapped herself up in a cobalt-blue coat and shielded her eyes with a pair of Ray-Ban sunglasses. Her baby bump was clearly visible in the outerwear, which flew open to reveal a Kate Spade New York dress underneath. The wool coat comes from The Fold, which is the same brand Pippa wore to Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's wedding back in May. (Her wedding guest outfit was this minty green and pink dress with cherry blossoms.) Though Pippa's exact coat is completely sold out, we found similar wrap styles to shop ahead.It's the perfect color for fall, something the Duchess of Sussex might agree with too. Just last week, Meghan wore a similar navy coat by the Smythe while promoting her new charity cookbook. Though, this wouldn't be the first time Meghan and Pippa had similar tastes in clothes, they already own the same J.Crew clutch!		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You might fall in love with her "James" saddlebag.Yara Shahidi is a pro in front of the cameras (she starred in Black-ish, then got her own spinoff series Grown-ish), so to shoot a campaign video for Tory Burch? Easy. The multi-hyphenate helped the brand celebrate its fall/winter 2018 collection by filming a 30-second video to showcase their latest offerings.At the center of attention? Burch's bag, which she named after her youngest son James. The '70s-inspired accessory comes in three different colors complete with a metal "T" closure. When asked what Shahidi personally has in her "James" saddlebag, she said, "My headphones, a great collection of essays, chapstick, and a notebook for all of the ideas I get throughout the day."Shahidi's fans won't be surprised by this answer as she is a known activist, creating causes like Yara's Club and Eighteen x ’18, an initiative to mobilize young people to vote in the upcoming midterm elections. (You may also remember her activist side catching the attention of former first lady Michelle Obama, who wrote Shahidi's Harvard recommendation letter.)While the star might one day run for office, for now she's running around in New York City living her best life in some of the most stylish fall outfits. Watch her short video below.Shop the bag		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Its new corporate name will be changed to  Capri Holdings.It's official: Michael Kors owns Versace. The American company, which already owns Jimmy Choo, paid $2.1 billion for the iconic Italian brand. Michael Kors also plans to rename itself Capri Holdings to better reflect its diverse portfolio of brands. This move echoes that of Coach, which last year changed its company name to Tapestry."The acquisition of Versace is an important milestone for our group," said John Idol, chairman and chief executive officer of Kors, to Women's Wear Daily. "For over 40 years, Versace has represented the epitome of Italian fashion luxury, a testament to the brand’s timeless heritage … With the full resources of our group, we believe that Versace will grow to over $2.0 billion in revenues."Meanwhile, Donatella Versace, who will remain on board to grow her family's luxury brand, said, "It has been more than 20 years since I took over the company along with my brother Santo and daughter Allegra...Versace is not only synonymous with its iconic and unmistakable style, but with being inclusive and embracing of diversity, as well as empowering people to express themselves. Santo, Allegra and I recognize that this next step will allow Versace to reach its full potential."So, with this deal officially in the books, will we see a change in either Michael Kors or Versace's future designs? Will there also be logo changes? We'll have to wait to see. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She even tossed around a ball in heels.Meghan Markle's royal duties are ramping up after the summer break. Last week, she hosted a luncheon to celebrate her charity cookbook at Kensington Palace. Today, she and Prince Harry attended the We Are Coach Core Awards at Loughborough University in England. The couple will each present an award during the ceremony, which celebrates the achievements of young people who are part of Coach Core's programs.For the event, Meghan wore an Oscar de la Renta navy top and black trousers by Altuzarra. The last time she debuted an all-black suit was earlier this month at the WellChild Awards. She wore a pantsuit set from Altuzarra and it appears Meghan might have recycled the bottoms for today's event. The ensemble was a sleek and sophisticated outfit, and one that Meghan could move in. In fact, she was spotted tossing the ball while wearing Aquazzura heels, proving you don't need to be in sweatpants to be sporty. She kept her accessories to a minimum, wearing only a  Pascale Monvoisin necklace and a Catbird ring. And Meghan throws a ball in heels! @WeAreCoachCore pic.twitter.com/LASnZK5hZJTomorrow, Meghan will attend the opening of Oceania at the Royal Academy, where she will see exhibits from New Zealand, Fiji, and more. She and Prince Harry will be visiting these places in October for their first royal tour.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Reminisce over all the outfits.Fashion month is breezing by. Our next stop? Milan. Designers, models, and industry influencers kicked off Milan Fashion Week with runway shows like Fendi and Alberta Ferretti. The street style, of course, was better than ever (especially with the stunning European architecture as backdrops). We spotted utilitarian jumpsuits and dresses, animal prints revamped in bright colors, and must-have fall footwear. Reminisce over the best street style looks. There are enough outfit ideas in here to last you for seasons.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Coming to you straight from Paris. For fall 2018, Maria Grazia Chiuri of Christian Dior revealed a haute couture collection of dreamy dresses. She sent more than 70 looks down the runway, which all struck the ideal balance between sophistication and femininity. The colors ranged from navy and blush tones, giving the collection a romantic vibe—and every look was quintessentially Dior. For her spring 2019 collection, however, not much is yet known. Today, Chiuri will showcase next season’s spring ready-to-wear collection in Paris, officially kicking off the city's fashion week schedule. In the past, the designer was known for making a statement on the runway, whether it was with her “We Should All be Feminists” T-shirts or sheer dresses—the latter having been worn by everyone from Bella Hadid to Natalie Portman on the red carpet. The front row of her show is always packed with celebrities, from Emma Roberts to Cara Delevingne. Based on what you know about Chiuri, you can likely expect the designer to debut a spirited spring 2019 collection that will be sought after by every fashion girl. We may even see a new wave of feminist messages in her outfits, but if not, rest assured Chiuri will make you feel every bit as confident and strong with her clothes.Watch a live stream to the Dior show, below. You don’t need to be in Paris to get in on all the front-row action.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			From an Armani airport hangar to a Fendi utility belt.Milan Fashion Week is in full swing with Italian designers sending spring 2019 looks down the runways—and in some cases, those runways just happen to be in huge airport hangars. Here, see our favorite moments from MFW so far.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Ban.do's products make you feel good just by looking at them, and this weekend there's a whole lot of good coming your way. Hundreds of items will be marked down during the retailer's bi-annual warehouse sale. On September 22 and 23, shoppers will receive up to 80 percent off clothing, bags, and accessories. Plus, if you're in L.A. and can show up to the store IRL, you'll have the opportunity to win a $500 gift card, free La Croix for a year (screaming), a tote bag, and more. But if you'd much rather stay on your couch and mourn the end of summer, we've rounded up the best sale items under $50, below.  Ban.do, $3SHOP ITPeter Kavinsky would want you to buy this. Ban.do, $4SHOP ITForego cheesy birthday and thank you cards and send notes from this compliment card set instead. "You are so good looking." (Thanks, I know.) "Your parents must be obnoxiously proud of you." (You'd be surprised.) Ban.do, $16SHOP ITFound: the gym bag you'll be carrying around for the next three months. Ban.do, $7SHOP ITTake this tumbler with you to the concession stand at a Yankees game, then report back to me. Ban.do, $12SHOP ITBehold the adult version of a lunch bag: a crossbody with insulated lining. (Not not going to stuff a sandwich in here.)Ban.do, $5SHOP ITThis is what they call an unnecessary purchase, but hey, if the paper clip fits...Ban.do, $40SHOP ITIn denial that winter is coming? Same. Buy this cute swimsuit for spring and we'll both pretend like it's not about to be freezing. Ban.do, $10SHOP ITThis tie-dye pyramid candle has a hidden crystal (!) planted inside. Ban.do, $12SHOP ITKeep all of your sh*t together—from your phone and laptop to wallet and lipstick—in this canvas tote bag that's way bigger than it looks. Ban.do, $18SHOP ITDescribe yourself in one t-shirt. Ban.do, $12SHOP ITJen Gotch, founder and chief creative officer of Ban.do, previously told MarieClaire.com that this yoga mat is "super soft and cushioned." Plus, "every time I roll it out, I get a compliment!"Ban.do, $12SHOP ITNow you can always have hot sauce in your bag. Ban.do, $12SHOP ITThis not-too-big, not-too-small circle mesh bag comes in clutch when you want to give your shoulders a break.Ban.do, $7SHOP ITUse this notebook to finally start journaling daily like you promised yourself in the beginning of the year. Ban.do, $4SHOP ITStick this patch on every piece of clothing you own to remind your friends of your true identity. Bonus points if you wear it to the club. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Her sister Bella already called dibs on that veil. After debuting his namesake line at New York Fashion Week, Jeremy Scott, who is also the creative director of Moschino, showed the fashion house's spring 2019 collection in Milan, Italy. The designer is known for his eccentric and often buzzy takes on fashion (he once sent models in dry cleaning bags down the runway), so Thursday's show did not disappoint. Models walked down the runway in scribble-pattern '80s outfits, with some of Scott's looks giving nods to fashion houses such as Marc Jacobs and Dior. The ultimate scene-stealing look, however, was his last: a bubble-shaped bridal dress complete with a matching cathedral veil. Gigi Hadid held the honor of wearing such an extravagant piece as she closed the show in the minidress. (In the past, most shows ended with a bridal look, which was the most painstaking, hardest-to-make garment, and was often regarded as the crème de la crème of the collection.)Hadid, who has walked in Scott's previous shows, was a natural choice to showcase this over-the-top dress. She held a bouquet of baby's breath while people behind her dressed in black pretended to be butterflies and held up her gorgeous veil, which her sis Bella already called dibs on.  Gigi in all her glory:Bella was very into the Moschino veil:		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I have my eyes on her bag.Blake Lively has been very committed to her suits during the entire press tour of her new film, A Simple Favor. She debuted suit after suit from the likes of Ralph Lauren, Dolce & Gabbana, and Givenchy, and had no qualms proclaiming her love for the menswear-inspired looks. But on Thursday in Paris, France, Lively briefly traded in her pants for a long floral-patterned skirt.After wrapping up her latest interview for her movie, Lively did what any girl might do in Paris: Engage in some retail shopping therapy. The actress was spotted waving to photographers and fans as she stepped out to shop. She dressed up in a silky printed blouse and a nature motif skirt from Dior's resort collection while accessorizing with a gold silk scarf and Givenchy boots. In her hand was the It bag of the season: Dior's saddle bag. Lively, however, carried an adorable mini version of the accessory in a pistachio color. The iconic bag, which was brought back by Dior in its fall 2018 collection, was dramatically popular in the '90s and early 2000s. Celebs like Paris Hilton and Beyoncé carried one and even Sarah Jessica Parker's fictional alter ego, Carrie Bradshaw, owned the bag (as evidenced below).Given its rich history, it's no wonder someone like Lively would have one too. The mini Dior saddle bag currently comes in four different colors and you can shop them all here.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The perfect piece of outerwear for tricky transitional weather. It's time to slip your leather jacket off the hanger and sling it around your shoulders. Fall is upon us and this classic piece of outerwear will soon become your go-to topper—until winter renders it not warm enough. (And even then, you might consider rocking it underneath a puffer coat.) Leather jackets are perfect for layering over a dress on a breezy autumn date night or, in my case, for wearing with workwear inside a chilly office. (Why is the temperature never right??) Moving along....The leather jacket is amazingly easy to style. As all good fashion girls know, there are dozens of ways to wear the most classic pieces, including the leather jacket. But I'm not going to bombard you with an infinite scroll of ideas because no one has time. Instead I've selected five easy, but not boring, outfit combinations courtesy of a little street style research. Swap your usual ensemble for one of the fresh looks ahead and you'll come to appreciate your beloved jacket twice as much. Promise. For this office-ready outfit, trade in your button-down top and jeans for a crisp white shirtdress, and your blazer for a leather jacket. This black-and-white combo screams classic, fresh, sophisticated, powerful. Don't forget about accessories: A pair of minimalist gold hoops and ankle boots complete the look.Shop similar pieces: 1. Blanknyc moto jacket, $98; 2. Kenzo tiger shirt dress, $178; 3. BaubleBar hoop earrings, $51; 4. Pop and Suki 'lolita' bag, $295; 5. Vince Camuto heel boot, $169 If dresses aren't exactly your style, try a jumpsuit or, better yet, a sporty-yet-sexy catsuit. While this inspiring street style star looks fierce in her checker-printed one piece and feathered cage heels, I'd make one tiny outfit tweak: Swap the avant-garde footwear for a more office-appropriate pump.Shop similar pieces: 1. The Arrivals leather moto jacket, $495; 2. Karl x Kaia jersey catsuit, $365; 3. Grey Ant cat eye sunglasses, $185; 4. Vince Camuto pump, $110A leather jacket is great for fall, but not so great for winter. To wear it when temperatures dip below 32 degrees, simply add it under a wool trench or puffer. This stylish hack will definitely earn you major street style cred. Bonus: You won't freeze. While the weather still allows, pair the coats with a skirt like blogger Camila Coelho did. Add combat boots for a touch of edginess. Shop similar pieces:  1. Zara faux leather jacket, $70; 2. Topshop midi coat, $125; 3. H&M suede skirt, $40; 4. Repetto combat boots, $695; 5. H&M sweater, $20I'll let you in on a secret: Jackets look better in photos when draped over the shoulders. Once you've done that, you can wear nearly anything and still look like a million bucks. Let's not take that risk, though. To ensure many, many style points, wear both a maxi and jeans, step into a pair of heeled mules, and fasten a fanny pack diagonally across your torso. This ensemble looks complex, but it's actually so simple.Shop similar pieces: 1. Lira Clothing leather jacket, $90; 2. Ganni wrap maxi dress, $235; 3. Grlfrnd straight-leg jeans, $210; 4. Tiba + Marl belt bag, $75; 5. Schutz mules, $190 I'd bet good money your leather jacket is black. But there are so many fun, fall-y other color options available, including forrest green, chocolate, and burgundy. This season, step outside your comfort zone and select outerwear in a new hue. To look instantly rocker-chic, wear it with a pair of dark-wash flared jeans, platform sandals, and a graphic tee. Shop similar pieces: 1. Mango leather biker jacket, $200; 2. Mother bootcut jeans, $238; 3. Day by Daydreamer graphic tee, $39; 4. Prada platform sandal, $650; 5. ZAC Zac Posen box bag, $295; 6. Illesteva sunglasses, $240 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She found the perfect fall outfit.On the heels of debuting her charity cookbook, Together: Our Community Cookbook, Meghan Markle hosted a launch party at Kensington Palace to celebrate the news. On Thursday, the Duchess of Sussex arrived with her mother Doria Ragland and Prince Harry for the special day. For the luncheon, Meghan wore a black turtleneck top by Tuxe, a pleated black skirt by Misha Nonoo, and Sarah Flint pumps. She covered up in a bright cobalt-blue coat by Smythe. This isn't the first time she's chosen an outerwear piece from this brand, she previously wore a beige wool coat from the label back in January. Meanwhile, Doria wore a monochrome beige ensemble and ditched the coat for a fringe shawl. The two were all smiles as they stepped out of the car.Though you might be obsessed with her outfit, today it's really all about Meghan's cookbook. She worked with a small community kitchen in London to produce the published work as a way to help the victims of the Grenfell Tower tragedy. All the recipes in the cookbook are by the cooks at the Hubb Community Kitchen initiative, who support residents affected by the Grenfell fire. Check out photos from the event ahead, then shop Meghan's exact coat, skirt, and shoes. You can also purchase Together: Our Community Cookbook  here.Smythe coat, $1,195 SHOP ITTuxe bodysuit, $110 SHOP ITMisha Nonoo skirt, $250 SHOP ITSarah Flint pump, $395 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			In our biweekly series, our editors will be sharing "the item they wear to death," whether it be a basic white tee or a super-trendy jumpsuit. Prepare yourself (and your credit card) for some guilt-free shopping.I have to admit something to you all: I’m an incredibly lazy dresser. Don't get me wrong, it’s not that I don’t like fashion, it’s simply that mornings are hard enough without having to also figure out what impression I’m going to make on everyone I encounter that day. Like, I just had coffee. Don't force me to think about what you think I look like right now. And trying to assemble an outfit the night before never works, either—I can’t be the only person who lays something out before bed only to wake up completely horrified that Last Night Cady thought this look would work. Right?But a few years ago, I had a revelation. I was visiting my best friend in Chicago for what turned out to be a significantly more humid weekend than I had anticipated, and I found myself scouring the racks of Nordstrom looking for something that would work for our fancy-ish dinner plans but also would hardly touch my hot, hot skin at all and yet also be wildly flattering at the same time. You know, that old standby clothing item.But as impossible as this task was and against all odds and reason, I found the thing I was looking for: a Wayf wrap dress ($148) in a cute but not cutesy floral pattern. Here’s the thing about a wrap dress: It is wildly flattering on almost everyone, can be professional enough for an office or saucy enough for date night, and yet takes nearly zero thought or planning to throw on. This particular one has a great layered skirt effect that I believe gives it a dramatic sense of ceremony when worn outside in a breeze. It makes me instantly Taylor Swift in the “Wildest Dreams” video.I’ve worn this particular wrap dress to weddings in Seattle, to the New York Philharmonic, and to the best cheap dumpling house in Boston. I took my parents to dinner in Belize while wearing it, and donned it for a date night on a boat. Sometimes I wear it with a leather jacket and combat boots. Other times I’ll put on strappy heels with it and gussy it up. This dress is solely responsible for the bond I share with my local dry cleaner, because prior to its purchase if an item I owned was Dry Clean Only, it actually meant Will Never Get Washed. (I’m gross, I’m sorry! I told you I’m lazy about clothes!) I actually dry clean this!And that brings me to the wrap dress’s ultimate virtue, and the secret Diane von Furstenburg probably doesn’t want you to know: Wrap dresses are basically jammies. It takes less than 15 seconds to put on and yet looks like a million bucks. On a very hot, humid, air conditioning-less summer day, you can roll out of bed, put on a wrap dress, and get on with your life with the barest minimum of hassle. It only looks high maintenance, which is the best case scenario.Though this floral number gets a lot of varied use, it's inspired me to take up a collection of wrap dresses. I even have an iconic DVF one now, because I realized I could justify the purchase by wearing it all the time. In fact, I’m wearing a green wrap dress from ASOS as I type this. I could evangelize further but I think you get the picture. A wrap dress is great for every body type, and especially great if you’re lazy but you don’t want to look like you’re lazy. Namaste. Wayf Floral Wrap Dress, $148 Shop It		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			This probably wasn't planned...or was it?Just like that, London Fashion Week's over and the models are now in Milan, Italy for shows. It girls like Gigi Hadid, Bella Hadid, Kaia Gerber, Kendall Jenner, and Grace Elizabeth didn't waste a second on the job. Earlier today, they all walked down the runway in Alberta Ferretti's spring 2019 show. The designer debuted a beautiful, contemporary collection of wearable separates but it was the sheer, naked runway looks that captured our attention. Both Gigi and Kendall modeled two different outfits at the show, but it was their second ensembles that looked similar to each other. While Gigi wore a billowy black victorian-inspired sheer gown, Kendall showed off a black laced embroidered catsuit. Both looks were totally sheer and revealed the models' undergarments, though, at this point, the girls are professionals at baring it all. They didn't seem to mind being half naked as they posed for the cameras at the end of the runway.Though I doubt the friends meant to twin on the runway (usually a stylist curates the looks for the models), it was a serendipitous moment that stood out. It's been awhile since both models walked in a show together and chances are, it'll happen again on the runways of Milan and then Paris.Gigi and Kendall's naked runway looks:The non-naked spring '19 runway looks:		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Fashion is not frivolous. It can be fun, freeing, and fierce, often all at once—there's power to the outfits we put together. Supporting women in their quest to feel great in what they wear, we've joined with Macy's The Edit, a curated mix of trends and inspiration, to highlight some remarkable women. Styled in some of this fall's key looks, each shared insecurities they've faced and how fashion became a tool for fighting through it."My position is that even when you're not 'making a statement,' you're making a statement," Cassandra Jones, Senior Vice President, Macy’s Fashion Office, shared. "What you chose to put on is always an outward expression of yourself. It doesn't have to [mean] spending tons and tons of money on an outfit to make it that. Fashion isn't frivolous—it's a way to express yourself.""Growing up, I felt pretty invisible. What I wore helped me express how I felt and to be understood.""Growing up, I felt pretty invisible. I was quiet and went unnoticed by my teachers at school, despite my height and being a bigger girl compared to my classmates. By the time I hit my teens, I [had] discovered magical fashion. "My family was pretty poor, so having [lots of clothes] wasn't really an option. Finding secondhand stores was an exciting discovery, and I was able to figure out my fashion voice. I tried being a goth, a pattern-addict, a rock-n-roll girl, a hip-hop girl... I tried it all. I was really into the color red for a number of years, probably to compensate for my invisibility. I even dyed my hair cherry red at some point. "I feel like what I wore helped me express how I felt and to be understood better. There's a definite connection between how I feel and what I'm wearing. It's empowering to choose an outfit every day acknowledging that—it’s like owning a part of yourself and being responsible for the outcome. I love fashion, and I love choices.""Clothing encourages who I am on the outside to take better care of who I am on the inside.""Mental health in the Black LGBTQ+ community is something that really matters to me, and I've found clothing, like music, is an amazing tool for encouraging who I am on the outside to take better care of who I am on the inside. This can be as literal as wearing my 'RESPECT BROWN GIRLS' shirt or as abstract as rocking a cheerleader uniform onstage—because I'm my own cheerleader and number one fan."Despite the fact I've been an activist and musician since I was 11 years old, as a queer, black woman, I still find myself not being taken seriously by men in the music industry. But by adorning myself in a way that feels truly 'me'—vintage florals, chunky black four-inch heels, and, of course, my aggressively beautiful afro—I feel [strong and able] to demand to be respected as the bold, confident, creative I know I am.""I’m generally shy, and clothing lets me express myself without saying anything.""I’m generally shy and a little awkward in social settings, so if I wear an outfit that’s interesting and it sparks a conversation, it's an ice breaker. I get to express myself without saying anything, which is great. I can be as loud or as subtle as I want, and I truly love that."In the moments when I forget to take care of myself, clothing can really boost my confidence and remind me to feel beautiful. Self-care is really important. I’m not a stylish person, but during the [Marie Claire and Macy's] shoot, I felt chic and stylish—I felt more confident than I have in a while. Clothing has an impact on how I feel, whether it's jeans and a t-shirt to run around in or a dress that makes me feel pretty when I'm out with friends or on a date night.""An outfit that works makes you feel like you can do anything.""It feels great to stand out, or even apart, [through fashion.] As a teen, it was a way to express my feelings and taste in music. Your [style] choices can also attract the right people into your life—I mean, how many friends have been made over outfits?"Wearing something you love and feel great in is the ultimate confidence boost. You want to be on the top of your game, but also look great as you do it. As a DJ, I'm sometimes expected to be more out-there in my outfit choices, but still need to be able to move and do the job. When I find that perfect mix, it lets me be me. An outfit that works makes you feel like you can do anything—because you can!"		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She calls the attention they're getting a "double standard."The fashion theme for Blake Lively's A Simple Favor press tour is... suits. In the past few weeks, the actress has worn over ten different suits as an ode to her film's character Emily. (Her style in the movie centers around this menswear-inspired look.)"We invented the look when we were putting the movie together, back in one of our first meetings with Renée Kalfus our wardrobe designer," director Paul Feig said to Cosmopolitan. "As we were finishing up, putting everything together, I had seen a couple of pictures of her in suits, then she contacted me and she said, 'You know what, I'm just gonna keep going with the suits to help promote the movie.'"Lively, who has continued to channel her alter ego at premieres, walked the red carpet in designer suits from the likes of Dolce & Gabbana, Givenchy, and Ralph Lauren. It was this pink two-piece set, however, that caught one fan's attention. An Instagram user left a comment about Lively wearing so many suits, writing, "It's suit number 1,356 for Blake Lively's promotion of 'A Simple Favor'. This time custom pink Ralph Lauren Collection." (Personally, this was one of my favorite menswear pieces on Lively.)Lively responded that there exists a double standard in fashion between men and women. That is: No one would notice, or even care, if a guy wore the same tux over and over again.The commenter then replied that her observation was made in good humor, and noted that she's actually a big fan of Lively's suiting choices. This isn't the first time Lively has responded to comments about what she's wearing. Last year, Lively called out a reporter on the red carpet for asking her a fashion question at the Variety's Power of Women event, when she was there to promote her work with the Child Rescue Coalition. "Really? At this event, you're asking me about my outfit?" she said. "Seriously...Would you ask a man that?"In this particular case, there appears to be no bad blood between Lively and her fan. Also, am I the only one who forgets celebs, sometimes, actually check their 953738 notifications and respond back? 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			They don't call the decade the Swinging Sixties for nothing.They don't call the decade the Swinging Sixties for nothing. Amid major social movements, a musical revolution, and changing fashions a new crop of fashion muses emerged, who redefined beauty and carved out the term "supermodel."As one of the world's first supermodels, Jean Shrimpton spearheaded the new wave of cover girls spawned from the Swinging London movement. She was discovered by photographer David Bailey (whom she'd go on to have a higly-publicized 4-year relationship with) in 1960 and went on to cover countless fashion magazines and popularize the mini-skirt.For German-born Veruschka, it was an infamous scene in the 1966 film Blow Up that catapulted her to international fame. Richard Avedon called her "the most beautiful woman in the world," and she went on to become one of the highest-paid models in the world. Back in 2010, 71-year-old Veruschka walked the runway during the Giles Spring 2011 show at Paris Fashion Week.Inarguably the Queen of Mod, Twiggy was crowned "The Face of '66" by the Daily Express at just 16-years-old. Her signature look — a cropped haircut, spider lashes, and boyish frame — was the epitome of modern and landed her on the cover of every major magazine. She retired from modeling in 1970, but continues to be a fashion icon to this day.Donyale Luna was the world's first African American cover girl. She was known for her exquisite 5-foot-11 frame, razor-edged bone structure, and almond-shaped eyes. In addition to modeling, she starred in many of Andy Warhol's underground films, as well as Federico Fellini's Fellini Satyricon (1970). She died tragically due to an accidental overdose at the age of 34.Penelope Tree was first photographed by Diane Arbus at the age of 13. After a much-talked-about appearance in a high-slit dress at Truman Capote's Black and White Ball in 1966, Richard Avedon and Cecil Beaton plotted to make the 17-year-old Tree a supermodel. She became a regular on the Swinging London scene and represented a new kind of beauty. When John Lennon was asked to describe Tree in three words, he called her, "Hot, hot, hot, smart, smart, smart!"Peggy Moffitt had one of the most distinct looks in the business thanks to her razor-sharp, asymmetrical haircut by Vidal Sassoon, Kabuki-inspired makeup, and affinity for extreme fashion. She made international headlines in 1964 when she wore a topless monokini bathing suit created by her dear friend designer Rudi Gerenreich in a photograph that appeared in Women’s Wear Daily. Pattie Boyd was the muse behind two of rock 'n' roll's greatest songs: "Something" by The Beatles and "Layla" by Eric Clapton. She began her career as a model in 1962, where she was photographed by the likes of David Bailey and Terrence Donovan. She met her future husband George Harrison when she was cast in A Hard Day's Night.Linda Keith was another model who inspired pivotal musicians of the '60s. She served as a muse to The Rolling Stones (she dated Keith Richards), as well as Jimi Hendrix, whose career she helped catapult after wathcing him perform in a New York City club. She is portrayed by Imogen Poots in the Hendrix biopic Jimi: All Is by My Side.The Jackie O look-a-like was discovered while studying art in New York City by Eileen Ford herself in 1965. She became notorious not just for her resemblance to the former first lady, but for being one of the first American models to model for French haute couture shows.One of the most photographed and predominant models of the 1950s and 1960s, Saint-Marie exuded a confidence in her photographs that lead path for the modeling style of the era. She was the model and muse for her husband Tom Palumbo. Before Moonlighting  and The L Word, Shephard got started as a model at age 16 years old. She was voted "Miss Teenage Memphis" in 1966, and won the 1968 "Model of the Year" award, which led to her being a fashion star in the decade. Her 1970 cover of Glamour is what sparked director Peter Bogdanovich to cast her in her breakout role in The Last Picture Show. Patchett is mostly notable for her nearly 20-year long career beginning in the late 1940s until the early 1960s. The subject of one of the most famous Vogue covers of all time, she was mostly known for being a "remote" model, instead of the warm and friendly models of the era. A favorite of Irving Penn and Erwin Blumenfield, Patchett was one of the earliest supermodels.Marie Helvin was discovered by a model scout on a trip to Japan when she was 15, and eventually signed to e the face of Kanebo cosmetics. She moved to London, where she worked for Yves Saint Laurent, Versace, and Valentino. Meeting photographer David Bailey when he was photographing her for Vogue lead to their marriage at age 23. She retired from mainstream modeling in the 1980s, but continues to make appearances in British Vogue and as a judge on Britain's Next Top Model.There's no denying this fact: Naomi Sims is the first African-American supermodel. In the 60s, after several rejections from agencies due to her race, Sims's breakthrough came when she bypassed the agency route and went directly to photographers, covering the August 1967 edition of the New York Times fashion supplement. She was one of the first models signed to the new Wilhemina Models, and was the first black model on the cover of both Ladies Home Journal and Life.Pat Cleveland was discovered on a subway platform by Carrie Donovan, fashion editor at Vogue at age 16. She was first featured in Vogue as a fashion designer, which lead to her being featured in a national runway tour as a model for Ebony. She put her design aspirations on hold and pursued modeling, signing with Wilhemina Models at age 18 (after she was rejected from Ford Models... based on her race.) She eventually found herself disillusioned with the racism of American modeling and relocated to Paris, working as a house model for Karl Lagerfeld and Chloé. One of the most famous models of the 1950s and 1960s, Wilhelmina made the cover of 255 magazines during her career's tenure. She modeled in America, Paris, and hold the record for the most covers of American Vogue–28 times. She married Bruce Cooper in 1965, and two years later–at the height of Wilhelmina's career–together they founded Wilhelmina Models, which was the only other modeling agency other than Ford Models at the time.Barzini was discovered on the streets, but Diana Vreeland was the person who saw potential in Barzini, arranging for her to shoot with famed photographer Irving Penn. She was on the cover of the very first issue of Vogue Italia, and eventually joined Andy Warhol's Factory. In a twist, she eventually retired from modeling to become a Marxist and feminist organizer in Milan, and currently is a professor at the University of Urbino in Milan.Matsumoto was discovered by fashion designer Pierre Cardin in 1960 during a trip to Japan, and he fell in love with her immedaitely. She'd eventually go to him with Paris and become his top model and the first ever Japanese model to be the face of a French clothing collection. She retired from modeling in 1967, and her love life became the news of legend–her daughter was kidnapped! The drama!The daughter of a Lebanese diplomat, de Zogheb was signed to Ford Models and was on the cover of French Elle at age 17. She's predominately known for marrying singer Paul Anka in a ceremony at Paris-Orly Airport in 1963, and she now works as an art collector. Sunny's career began in 1957, where she was predominately known for being featured in Vogue and listed as one of Harper's Bazaar's 26 greatest models of all time. A favorite of photographers Richard Avedon and Edgar de Evia, Sunny retired from modeling in 1964 and began working as an assistant to the legendary co-founder of Ford Models, Eileen Ford. She passed away at 63 in 1987 from injuries sustained in a house fire. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Your weekly dose of goat news.Tuesdays are tough even when they don't begin with the news that Stormy Daniels compared the president’s junk to a Nintendo character, so let’s take a palate cleanser: In a second set of photos for Gucci, Harry Styles—pop star, Adonis, Second Coming of Mick Jagger But Woker—has posed around an Italian villa in colorful jacquard while cuddling baby goats, lambs, and piglets. I feel like these photos are a beautiful helicopter, ready to airlift us out of incessant push notifications about the Supreme Court nomination, the flooding resulting from Hurricane Florence, and the president’s cursèd Toad peen. The photos are for Gucci’s 2019 Cruise collection, and were taken in the 16th-century villa near Viterbo, Italy, according to a press release. You may recall that earlier this year, Styles appeared in his first Gucci campaign, for Fall Winter 2018, in a fish and chip shop accompanied by a pet chicken. But this go-round, it’s even better because the goat actually licks Harry Styles in the face (so lucky).This story has everything: Goats (for which MarieClaire.com has a proven affinity)! Harry Styles! Playful and well-tailored menswear! See the photos below:		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The night isn't over until there's been an outfit change.The Emmys red carpet has wrapped, the Emmys winners were announced—and then it was time for the Emmys after-parties. Some celebs like Tiffany Haddish decided to change into a completely new outfit (she swapped her rainbow-colored gown by Prabal Gurung for a more formfitting blue dress) while Emilia Clarke decided her dress deserved to shine all night long. The after party was where the dancing, mingling, and selfies happened. But before you even think about all that, check out what your favorite stars wore.In Christian Dior Haute Couture, Christian Louboutin shoes, Fernando Jorge jewelry In Piaget jewelsIn Brandon Maxwell, Gianvito Rossi shoes, Harry Winston jewelryNoah's in Fendi, Millie's in Calvin KleinRegina King's in a Christian Siriano dress and Irene Neuwirth jewelryIn Anita Ko jewelryIn Christian SirianoIn Schutz shoes, Ileana Makri ringIn J. Mendel, Stuart Weitzman heels		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Too hot to handle.The A-listers of television showed TF up on the Emmys red carpet on Monday night in super sheer and plunging styles. Scroll on to see the nakedest looks of the night!In a low-cut red dress with a thigh-high slit and cutouts.In a bejeweled, V-cut jumpsuit with a train.In a sparkly dress with a low neckline.In a semi-sheer bodiced gown with floral embroidery.In an off-the-shoulder dress with a plunging cut and high slit.In a fringed white jumpsuit with cutouts.In sparkly pantsuits and a crop top and plunging blouse, respectively.In a plunging, semi-sheer black numberIn a see-through, embroidered gown.From: Cosmopolitan US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She dressed three stars for this year's red carpet.Fashion enthusiasts will already know Micaela Erlanger by name. The celebrity stylist has dressed some of the most famous stars in Hollywood, from Lupita Nyong’o and Meryl Streep to Common. (Remember this Nyong'o look? Yes, Erlanger was responsible for it.) Erlanger's career can be traced back to 2013, when she officially launched her own studio and began styling clients under her own name. Fast forward to 2018:The Hollywood Reporter named her as one of the most powerful stylists to the stars (again), an accolade that shouldn't be taken lightly, alongside other women such as Kate Young and Samantha McMillen. As Erlanger's Rolodex of celebrity clients grows, she somehow manages to stay grounded and take on even more tasks, like giving me a personal sneak peek into what life's like as a celebrity stylist. (Spoiler alert: it's not all glitz and glam.)  The timing could not be more perfect as it's the start of award season. First up: the 2018 Emmy Awards. I tapped Erlanger for any behind-the-scenes details as a stylist to the stars and though she did not divulge anything about her clients (she respects their privacy), she did give a special glimpse at the moments leading up to Emmys night. This year, she dressed three different women: Tatiana Maslany, Michelle Dockery, and Constance Wu for the red carpet. To see how exactly she pulled off this fantastic feat, read her own words and check out her BTS photos below. "A clutch in every color to create the perfect Emmys look. I can’t wait to see what fun colors hit the red carpet.""From bright, bold hues and neons to statement ruffles and boho-inspired looks, the Emmys red carpet trends are sure to be MAJOR.""There’s nothing like an amazing heel to elevate a look. You can never have too many shoe options!""Signed sealed and delivered on Sunday morning by our friends at Worldnet.""The unglamorous side of award season! Neatly setting these aside to reuse for returns later this week.""Styling kits are stocked and ready to go. Some of my kit essentials include static spray, safety pins, fashion tape and stain remover.""One of my favorite jewelry trends this season is statement everything. From earrings and necklaces to eye-catching rings, my motto is always go big or go home!""On our way to our three final client fittings! #TeamErlanger"		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			No gown is complete without a diamond ring or three.A gown isn't complete without the right accessories, usually in the form of a sparkly diamond ring or three. You'll hear stars rattle off names like Lorraine Schwartz, Harry Winston, Forevermark, and Chopard before showing off to the cameras their stunning jewels. Just in case you missed any of them, we've rounded up the prettiest, sparkliest, diamond-encrusted accessories at the Emmys we could find.In Dior, Lorraine Schwartz jewelry In Christian Siriano, Jordan Alexander jewelryIn Forevermark DiamondsIn Oscar de la Renta, Tiffany & Co. jewelsIn Nikos Koulis earrings In Brandon Maxwell, Gianvito Rossi shoes, Harry Winston jewelryIn Miu Miu and Bulgari jewelryIn Chanel, Atelier Swarovski by Penelope Cruz jewelryIn Chanel		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The feathers! The neckline!If one actress who won the sexiest dress award tonight at the Emmys, it's Keri Russell. Russell, who stars in The Americans, is nominated for lead actress in a drama series and arrived to the red carpet looking like a winner already. She wore a long-sleeve belted black dress with structured shoulders and the gown featured a sultry plunging neckline design. While her midsection was covered in black feathers, the bottom portion of her look revealed two thigh-high slits. As she walked, the skirt billowed in the breeze, revealing her svelte legs and a pair of lace-up champagne-colored heels. The look, at first, seemed modest but really was one of the sexiest ensembles we've seen so far on the red carpet. To complete the look, she accessorized with a pair of Stephen Webster earrings.Russell, of course, dressed to impress tonight as her show has garnered three different Emmy nominations. While she's up for lead actress, her costar Matthew Rhys is nominated for lead actor in a drama series and the show itself is nominated for outstanding drama series. (TBH, I personally don't watch The Americans, but I might have to start because Keri Russell has captured my heart in this stunning ensemble.)See her look from head to toe, below.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The rainbow colors reflected the Eritrea flag. You can spot Tiffany Haddish from a mile away on the Emmys red carpet. For tonight's special event, the actress wore a scene-stealing rainbow dress. During her chat with Giuliana Rancic on E! News, Haddish revealed that the colorful design was custom made by none other than Prabal Gurung, a Nepalese-American designer based in New York City. That wasn't all. The color choices weren't accidental, instead they also contained a special meaning. Haddish revealed she had asked Gurung to make her a dress that reflected the colors of her dad's home country's flag: Eritrea (a country in East Africa). The end result was a plunging neckline gown that featured a dazzling array of colors like red, green, yellow, and blue. Paying homage to one's country through fashion is something Gurung understands. Just last week, he presented a spring 2019 collection at New York Fashion Week honoring his own country, Nepal. In the show, he also made sure to cast models from over three dozen different countries, adding diversity and voice to his runway designs. On the heels of that, the dress he created tonight for Haddish was exceptionally meaningful and beautiful.The duo seems to be on the same wavelength, as Haddish herself has honored her Eritrean heritage in the past on the red carpet. Back in March, she arrived to the Oscars in a traditional dress as a nod to Eritrea. And tonight, she did it again.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Actors are keeping it simple and chic. While actors and actresses are celebrating the biggest night in television tonight, we're also celebrating their most gorgeous looks on the red carpet. See the best-dressed celebrities from the 2018 Emmys, ahead. In Tom Ford and Chopard Jewelry In Giambattista Valli and Roberto Coin jewelry In custom Vera Wang CollectionIn Maison Valentino and Repossi jewelryIn Forevermark Diamonds In custom Altuzarra, Guiseppe Zanotti heels, Fred Leighton jewelryIn Piaget jewelsIn Stuart Weitzman heelsIn Brandon Maxwell, Gianvito Rossi shoes, Harry Winston jewelryIn Christian Siriano, Jordan Alexander jewelryIn Christian Dior Haute Couture, Christian Louboutin shoes, Fernando Jorge jewelry In Dolce&GabbanaIn Prabal Gurung In Zuhair Murad CoutureIn Zac Posen, Stuart Weitzman heelsIn Calvin KleinIn Carolina Herrera and Sophia Webster heelsIn Prabal Gurung, Stuart Weitzman heelsIn custom Vera Wang, Piaget jewelsIn Ralph & Russo 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She's explained that Fashion Week makes her anxious.After skipping the runways of New York Fashion Week, Kendall Jenner returned to the spotlight by walking in her first show of the season: Burberry. The collection marks Riccardo Tisci's debut collection for the fashion house since taking the helm as chief creative officer. Jenner modeled a beige outfit from head to toe, looking chic and classic. The spring 2019 ensemble consisted of a button down shirt, tailored trousers, and a trench coat with gold ring embellishments. As for the accessories, Jenner wore a pair of nude boots and a wallet coin belt to match. She carried a purse in her hand. Twitter fans were ecstatic for the model's runway return. One user wrote, "YAS KENNY! my girl @KendallJenner is back and shinning on runways. #BurberryShow #LFW." Meanwhile, the model's mom, Kris Jenner, tweeted out her own congratulatory message, writing, "I see you my beauty!! @kendalljenner walking for @Burberry in the finale of #riccardotisci’s debut show in London! #LFW #BurburryShow #proudmama" Jenner has been in Europe for several days now. Last Wednesday, she was in Paris for Longchamp's 70th Anniversary Party while her fellow model friends, Gigi and Bella Hadid, closed out New York Fashion Week with Rihanna's Fenty x Savage show.  The model reportedly took time off for personal reasons, revealing to W that fashion week often gives her anxiety. "I try to keep myself cool. I go in and out of having freak-outs, so I just have to chill out and be by myself," Jenner said. (Like last year, Jenner did not walk in any NYFW shows this season.)And, unlike most models in the industry, the 22-year-old has the fortunate opportunity to pick and choose what shows she wants to walk in. "Since the beginning we’ve been super selective about what shows I would do..." she said to Love magazine. "I was never one of those girls who would do like 30 shows a season or whatever the f— those girls do." This seemingly insensitive comment drew criticisms from other model last month. Sports Illustrated model Vita Sidorkina said, "Maybe 'those girls' need to pay their bills that’s why they are doing 30 shows? No words…" before Jenner later publicly apologized on Twitter."I was misrepresented in a recent interview over the wknd & it’s important to clarify the meaning," Jenner said in a tweet. "It was intended to be entirely complimentary but unfortunately, my words were twisted & taken out of context. I want to be clear. The respect that I have for my peers is immeasurable!" She also complimented her fellow models and said, "I’m inspired by so many of these people I have had the good fortune to work alongside! There’s no way I could EVER hate on that. I want everyone to win. Slay Always."Jenner isn't letting the controversy over her comment or her anxiety keep her off the runways. The model's return to the Burberry catwalk could signal more European shows in the future.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			For a different kind of statement. Oversize baubles are fun, but dainty jewelry makes an impact all its own—one that's chic, simple, and just the right amount of sweet. You can wear said minimalist pieces every day and save the larger, ornate pieces for weddings or when you're just feeling fancy. The best part about dainty accessories, however, is that you can wear as many pieces as you'd like. (Is there anything better than a hand full of stacked rings? No.) If you're in the market for something gold, shiny, and delicate peruse our favorite picks ahead. Catbird sweet nothing ring, $44SHOP ITMy boyfriend gifted me this Catbird chainlink ring for my birthday and it’s my favorite piece from the brand. It’s so thin it’s nearly invisible (like the name suggests) and layers well with other gold rings. Though the jewelry piece is low key, everyone will take notice of it. In fact, I’ve had several friends ask me where they can buy their own. Tai sideways initial necklace, $60SHOP ITIf you’re a fan of initial jewelry, opt for this sideways initial necklace made of 18k plated gold. It’s a fresh take on the classic letter necklace, which hangs in the middle of the chain. This necklace would also make for a great birthday gift to your BFF or bridesmaids. Chan Luu chain anklet, $55SHOP ITAn anklet is probably the last piece of jewelry on your mind as you're getting dressed, but it does take your outfit to another level. This particular design features tiny sterling silver beads on a 18k gold vermeil chain and is perfect for those who want to highlight their ankles and footwear. Wear this with your work pumps or sneakers for a casual day take. Cloverpost twirl hoop earrings, $110SHOP ITDelicate and dainty jewelry can look ornate too, as these hoop earrings with a drop strand of Swarovski pearls can attest to. The earrings are more intricate than your average pair of gold hoops, but they still hold that simplistic quality minimalists love. Style with your favorite white tee and jeans.Vrai and Oro simple stack rings, $181SHOP ITCan't find the right rings to stack? Vrai and Oro solves that problem with its three-piece set. Not only are these rings made of 14k solid gold, but they also come in three different styles, ensuring your stacked look is never boring. Wear all three at once or mix-and-match for a two ring set on your fingers.Adornmonde crystal necklace, $94SHOP ITYour white button-down shirt and slacks outfit is missing something: this necklace. Rock Adornmonde's vintage crescent motif necklace (and its accompanying crystal charm necklace) to work every day for a touch of sparkle. If you want to stand out even more, pick any of its intricate rings to stack. AUrate huggie earring, $180SHOP ITThis earring is the adult version of your childhood charm bracelet. The 14k gold earring can be worn with its matching pair or styled with smaller studs. A suggestion: avoid wearing this and your initial necklace as one might call it a monogram overload. Mejuri lotus bracelet, $169 SHOP ITThis handcrafted 14k solid gold bracelet from Mejuri features genuine AAA white sapphires. The 1.5 mm stones form in the shape of a lotus flower, giving this bracelet a sweet and zen vibe. It provides a subtle beauty to any outfit, so wear this bracelet with another thin gold chain or alone.BaubleBar layered necklace, $68SHOP ITBaubleBar's known for their trendy, statement earrings but its fine jewelry section is worth a look too. I love this handcrafted 18k gold plated necklace. The two conjoined pieces take the thinking out of how to layer your necklaces. And, one of the chic strands features a bunch of micro-discs for a stylish design. Shashi ear cuff, $42SHOP ITThis 18k gold-plated ear cuff features three slim hoops, including one with crystals. It's the piece you slip on when you want to look a little fancy/extra (your everyday studs won't do), but in a tasteful under-the-radar way. Makes sure your hair is up and out of the way to really showcase this ear cuff.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Are you ready for this?New York Fashion Week blessed us with enough street style looks to inspire outfits for months. Now, the stylish crowd brings their fashion A-game to England for London Fashion Week. As bloggers, celebrities, and fashion influencers head to shows, we're keeping an eye on their outfits. So far, we've seen a handful of street style stars rock cowboy-inspired boots, floral maxi dresses, and even some cool monochromatic ensembles. If you thought the style in NYC was top-notch, wait until you see the London looks ahead.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She looked cozy in Chanel at the Toronto Film Festival.Red carpet dresses don't always look comfortable, but that wasn't the case for Kristen Stewart this week. The superstar attended the premiere of her new film, Jeremiah Terminator LeRoy, at the Toronto Film Festival and wore a cozy, yet luxe, sweater dress. The fancy piece was from Chanel and was embellished all over with glittery sequins (Stewart has appeared in several campaigns for the fashion house and often wears the label on the red carpet).  The dress featured a slight dropped waist, and an asymmetrical hemline that flowed away from her body.Stewart kept the look dark and edgy with moody makeup and a chainlink necklace. She completed the outfit with a pair of black Sophia Webster pumps. The actress is big on comfort. If you recall, back in May, Stewart took her heels off at the 2018 Cannes Film Festival and walked the red carpet barefoot, because the shoes were (presumably) uncomfortable. Though she didn't do that this time around, her Chanel sweater dress struck the perfect balance between elegance and ease. As Stewart promotes her new movie, I'll be keeping tabs on her future cozy red carpet looks. Stay tuned.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's not in the official definition of the word, but it might as well be. Trends are prints or silhouettes that cycle through our style consciousness, coming back again and again—but a little bit different each time. Such is the case with plaid, updated for fall 2018 with bold new colors, oversized lines, and quirky cool placements and combos (like being mixed with floral).This new version of a fall favorite found a spot on the It-List at Macy's The Edit and is a print that Fashion Director Cassandra Jones is all about. Watch the video above to see how she helps three real women rock it at work, then shop all the pieces below.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Your work wardrobe doesn't exist in a universe separate from runway trends. Different fields, office vibes, and on-the-job requirements will dictate what you can wear on a daily basis, but there's always a clever way to integrate new colors or prints. Cassandra Jones, Macy's Fashion Director and the super stylish maven behind The Edit, believes in the power of fashion and showing off your personal style when dressing for work. In this special series, watch how she puts together full outfits for women with different professional needs, then shop everything below. Up first? A look at how florals, typically feminine and fresh for spring, are spot-on this autumn.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The model finished her catwalk, then delivered her baby boy.Rihanna's Fenty x Savage show was one of the most inclusive and diverse spectacles of New York Fashion Week. The superstar included two pregnant models on the runway, one of them was her friend Slick Woods. Woods, who was visibly very pregnant on the runway, walked down the catwalk in a sexy black lingerie piece. While that part went off without a hitch, things got a little tricky backstage.According to TMZ, who was the first to report the news, Woods immediately went into labor after her runway walk on Wednesday night. Today, the 22-year-old appeared to confirm that she was in labor, even during the show, in an Instagram post, writing, "A lewk, 14 hours of labor, and A king is born. This is the face of a WOMAN in labor, we hold shit down most of us don’t even know how much we’re going through, I’m here to say I CAN DO WHATEVER THE FUCK I WANT WHENEVER THE FUCK I WANT AND SO CAN YOU. Thank you @qualityresusqueen and the Fenty family for taking such good care of us"Woods and her partner Adonis Bosso named their baby boy Saphir—a nod to his September birthstone. Bosso himself shared the happy news on Instagram with a photo of himself and the simple caption, "Fatherhood." It might be a while before baby Saphir will hear and understand the incredible story that surrounded his birth, but bravo to Woods. She dominated that runway and then went through 14 hours of labor. Feeling motivated now? Yeah, me too. A lewk, 14 hours of labor, and A king is born. This is the face of a WOMAN IN LABOR, we hold shit down most of us don’t even know how much we’re going through, I’m here to say I CAN DO WHATEVER THE FUCK I WANT WHENEVER THE FUCK I WANT AND SO CAN YOU. Thank you @qualityresusqueen and the Fenty family for taking such good care of usA post shared by @ slickwoods on Sep 14, 2018 at 9:30am PDT Fatherhood 📷 @justinwuA post shared by  Adonis Bosso 🇨🇮 (@septumpapi) on Sep 14, 2018 at 6:18am PDT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Step into the world of Hermès, like you've never seen before.In honor of their iconic square silk scarves, Hermès is launching a pop-up showcase, Hermès Carré Club, in New York. "Discover silk as you’ve never seen it before. You’re invited to an unforgettable, immersive experience that will exhilarate your senses!" says the brand. The exhibit launches in New York before traveling to Toronto, Singapore, Los Angeles and Milan, and will feature six interactive modules that reinterpret the Carré in different ways.  Guests will start at the Carré Click and Check, where they check in and receive a membership card and sit for a portrait that they get to keep.  Then it's on to the Carré Studio, where  artists and designers demonstrate their work live. Guests can pose for a sketch by Cyrille Diatkine, get a coloring done by artist Edouard Baribeaud, watch illustrations by Virginie Jamin, or listen to Alice Shirley share her creative process.  Artists Octave Marsal and Théo de Gueltzl will perform live sessions, demonstrating their “drawing machine” that they built and use throughout their practice. Next is the Carré Café, where guests can enjoy a club sandwich and coffee with live music. Carré Stories, the next module, has telephone booths for guests to listen to spoken texts about the history, secrets, and stories behind the brand. Carré-OK, the adorable play on words, is a place to "belt out tunes inspired by silk scores." Finally, Carrémania is a boutique featuring a capsule collection of limited-edition scarves that are only available at this pop-up boutique.Guests can visit the exhibit at 459 West 14th Street from September 13th to 16th 11am-8pm, and admission is free. To learn more, visit hermes.com.From: Harper's BAZAAR US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It was simply magical.Marc Jacobs' spring 2019 runway show started an hour-and-a-half late. But, for the guests who committed and stayed in their seats, they were at last treated to a fantastical world of voluminous ruffle dresses and feathery bow tops. If you're wondering who would wear these creations IRL, the designer has something to say. "I really don’t care if it’s new or old or modern or casual or dressy or whatever," he said to Women's Wear Daily. "I think there are plenty of people dressing women to go to Starbucks. It’s not of interest to me. If you’re going to get dressed up, get dressed up. If you’re going to not get dressed, wear your sweats to go to Starbucks." See all the looks, ahead.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			From Jerry Hall to Iman, these are the iconic models of the disco era.Much like the supermodels of the 1960s, the cover girls of the '70s mirrored the changing times. Whether they were breaking down barriers or just shaking things up, each girl left her own footprint on the industry. From Janice "the first supermodel" Dickinson, to future Bond babe Grace Jones, we've gathered a list of the legendary icons who set the stage for future supermodels.Jerry Hall left her home in Texas at 16 with dreams of being a supermodel. She booked a one-way ticket to France and was discovered on a beach in St. Tropez. Within weeks of being discovered, she was being photographed by Helmut Newton and went on to cover 40 major fashion magazines. Hall was also famous for her high profile relationships. She was the girlfriend and muse of Bryan Ferry, then went on to marry Mick Jagger.Lauren Hutton was a 12th-generation Southerner and raised in the Florida Everglades. During her late teens, she had stints at New York's Playboy club and Al Hirt's jazz club in New Orleans. She eventually met and impressed Diana Vreeland, who sent her to Richard Avedon. She would go on to book over 25 covers between 1966 and 1975 and pursued a career as an actress, starring alongside Richard Gere in American Gigolo.In the early '70s, Janice Dickinson moved to New York City to pursue modeling after winning "Miss High Fashion Model." After being turned down by Eileen Ford herself, she was discovered by photographer Jacques Silberstein. She went on to cover all of the top fashion magazines, including Marie Claire, and calls herself the "world's first supermodel."Gia Carangi was always known for her wild ways. Her career began at 17-years-old when she was signed by Wilhelmina agency. By 18, she was making $100,000 a year and starring in many major campaigns. Sadly, while becoming a nightclub regular, she became addicted to drugs, her career declined, and she eventually died of AIDS-related complications. She was portrayed by Angelina Jolie in 1998's Gia.Iman was discovered in 1975 by Peter Beard who saw her on the street in Nairobi and was taken with her statuesque Somalian beauty. At the time she was at university majoring in political science and fluent in five different languages. She exploded onto the fashion scene, booked many major fashion spreads and covers, and served as a muse to the likes of Thierry Mugler, Calvin Klein, and Donna Karan. She went on to win the affections of another '70s icon, David Bowie, who she married in 1992.Yves Saint Laurent dubbed Marisa Berenson "the girl of the Seventies." Considering her grandmother was the legendary couturier Elsa Schiaparelli, fashion was part of her DNA. She began modeling at 16-years-old and Diana Vreeland eventually took the star under her wing. She worked with the most storied '70s designers including YSL, Azzedine Alaïa, and Halston, as well as legendary photographers Richard Avedon, Helmut Newton, and Irving Penn.Patti Hansen was discovered in 1972 while working at her father's hot dog stand in Staten Island. During the beginning of her career, Patrick Demarchelier took her on her first trip to Paris. Soon after, she starred in Revlon ads shot by Richard Avedon. She was a fixture on the Studio 54 scene and at 23-years-old, she met her future husband Keith Richards on the dance floor.Beverly Johnson paved the way for African American models, breaking down many racial barriers in the '70s. When she first pursued a modeling career, she was rejected by every modeling agency she reached out to. However, after things began to shift culturally, her phone began to ring off the hook. She appeared in over 500 magazines and walking the runway for Yves Saint Laurent, Ralph Lauren, and many more.Cheryl Tiegs embodied the girl-next-store look with her sun-kissed tan, healthy physique, and cover girl smile. She began modeling at 16, working for department stores for $25 a day. Her first major campaign was a swimsuit ad that appeared in Seventeen. She went on to cover many fashion magazines, as well as Sports Illustrated many times over.After being scouted at a Rolling Stones concert in 1972, Rene Russo was signed to Ford Modeling Agency and her career took off. The fashion industry fell in love with her cutting cheekbones and wide set eyes — Brooke Shields once described her as "the most beautiful thing that ever walked the face of the earth." After a successful decade run, she retired from modeling at 30-years-old and went on to have a successful acting career.Kelly Emberg was in high school, a member of the school's female drill team, when she was discovered by a local photographer in Houston. She eventually landed in New York City where she signed with Elite Model Management and went on to cover major fashion magazines, make multiple appearances in the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue, as well as book campaigns with CoverGirl and Calvin Klein.After signing with Wilhelmina Models New York in 1966, Jones moved to Paris in 1970, where her modeling career truly took off. Parisian fashion houses lived for Jones' androgynous and mysteriously bold appearance. She walked the runways for Yves Saint Laurent, Claude Montana, and Kenzo Takada, as well as appeared on the covers of Elle, Vogue, and Stern. She was a frequent model for Azzedine Alaïa, and also lived with fellow supermodel Jerry Hall and actress Jessica Lange in Paris. She eventually transitioned from modeling into music and acting, releasing 10 albums and starring in a James Bond film.  She's an icon in her own right, serving as inspiration for artists such as Rihanna, Lorde, and Lady Gaga. In December 2016, Billboard Magazine ranked her as the 40th most successful dance artist of all time.Standing tall at six feet even, the statuesque granddaughter of Ernest Hemingway was the first supermodel to land a million-dollar contract for Fabergé. Dubbed one of the "new beauties" by TIME Magazine in 1975, Hemingway appeared on the covers of Cosmopolitan, Elle, Harper's Bazaar, and Vogue at the peak of her career. A staple at Studio 54, Hemingway eventually retired from modeling and had a brief film career.Carangi's meteoric rise started with her move to New York from Philadelphia at the age of 17 in 1978. A favorite of photographers such as Richard Avedon and Francesco Scavullo, Gia modeled for the top fashion houses and appeared on the cover of multiple issues of Cosmopolitan, Vogue UK, Vogue US, and Vogue Paris from 1979 until 1981. She was so famous that she went solely by "Gia" at the height of her career. Tragically, after the death of her mentor and agent Wilhelmina Cooper, Gia turned to heroin, and her modeling career was cut short. She passed away at the age of 26 from AIDS-related complications on November 18, 1986. One of designer Halston's "Halstonettes", Bjornson's career has been an interesting trajectory. After meeting Halston one month after arriving in New York from Cincinnati, she served as Halston's muse for two years. She also walked the runways for Calvin Klein, Perry Ellis, Ralph Lauren, Donna Karan, and appeared on the covers of  Newsweek and Cosmopolitan. After retiring in 1989 to take care of her two daughters, Bjornson returned to the runway at the age of 50.Graham is a legend in her own right. She was the first exclusively-contracted model for Esteé Lauder from 1970-1985 and muse to photographers Irving Penn, Richard Avedon, and Vogue editor Diana Vreeland, and appeared on the Vogue cover twenty times between 1970 and 1975. She eventually retired from modeling after turning 40 in 1985 to pursue a career in–get this–fly fishing. She returned for a brief modeling stint with Estée Lauder in 1999, but it seems fly-fishing is where her heart lies.When her family relocated to Los Angeles when she was 14, Ferrare's modeling career quietly took off. At 16, she was hired by Max Factor and was "The Max Factor Girl" for a decade. Haddon is a legend in every sense of the word– a 35 year career  in which she is the only model who has held four major cosmetic contracts,  representing Max Factor, Revlon, Estee Lauder and L’Oréal. A former pageant queen, Hadden also appeared on the cover of the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue in 1973  and was twice named to Harper's Bazaar's "Ten Most Beautiful Women." After leaving junior college and getting cut off by her parents, Taylor walked into Ford Models in pursuit of money, and was signed immediately. Almost overnight she was the next It Girl, most known for the daring poses she allowed herself to be photographed in. She eventually retired from modeling, only to emerge alongside Naomi Campbell, Kate Moss, and Iman for Vogue’s Millennium cover, solidifying her place as one of the greats.Vela began her modeling career in Arkansas, but after the death of her first husband she moved to New York City and her career took off in 1975. She appeared in Newsweek and in Vogue, and did numerous television commercials and appeared in films. She transitioned into music in the 1980s and works as a background singer. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I'm getting disco ball vibes.On Wednesday night, Gigi Hadid closed out New York Fashion Week by walking in Rihanna's Fenty x Savage show. As everyone, including myself, headed home to crawl into bed, Hadid was on her way to one last party. The model traveled from Brooklyn to the city and arrived at Milk Studios ready to celebrate her collection for French jewelry brand Messika.After walking the Fenty x Savage stage in lingerie, Hadid chose a covered yet sexy look for her nighttime soirée. The 23-year-old stunned in a strapless sequined jumpsuit, which gave off disco ball vibes. The piece hugged her silhouette and since the bottom half was semi-sheer, it revealed Hadid's G-string leotard underneath. Hadid paid no mind to this—she's worn plenty of naked dresses—as she smiled for the cameras and even posed with her father Mohamed Hadid, who came out to support her.Hadid accessorized her look with Messika jewels and a pair of black strappy heels. The model's had a full fashion week schedule, but don't expect her to stop just yet. London Fashion Week begins tomorrow, followed by Milan, and Paris shows. Expect Hadid to dominate some of the runways as usual and debut even more exciting (possibly more naked) outfits. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Outfit inspo for days.New York Fashion Week is passing by in a blur, so I'm slowing down and taking the time to reminisce over my favorite looks. Designers drew inspiration from everywhere this season, from the elaborate, fairy-tale gowns of Rodarte to the surfer-meets-western vibes of R13 to Calvin Klein’s Jaws-inspired collection. Like the clothes, the locations for shows were a mixed variety—3.1 Phillip Lim and Oscar de la Renta held their shows on rooftops while Ralph Lauren took over Central Park. Before we turn our attention to the runways of London, Milan, and Paris, check out the best looks from NYC.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The designer served up the ultimate vacation vibes.Michael Kors brought the ultimate vacation vibes to his spring 2019 collection, from floppy printed beach hats to belts adorned with starfish motifs. Models walked down the runway in billowy minidresses, head wraps, and tops with graphic prints of a surfer. To drive the beach theme home, both men and women carried woven beach bags and wore lace-up sandals. The designer's laidback surfer aesthetic follows R13's runway collection from earlier in the week. See all of Kors looks, ahead.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Raf Simons' inspiration for the collection came from films like Jaws and The Graduate.Creative Director Raf Simons drew inspiration for his spring 2019 collection from classic Hollywood films like Jaws and The Graduate. Guests were treated to a floor-to-ceiling projection of water while models walked the blood-red carpeted runway. They had the ends of their hair dipped in water, to create the illusion they just came out of the ocean. As for the clothes, the Jaws poster was stamped with the Calvin Klein logo and printed on tanks and tees. Models walked down the runway in graduation gowns and caps. See if you can pick out references to the movies in the collection, ahead.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Just your average Tuesday night look.Kendall Jenner is keeping a low profile during New York Fashion Week just as she did last season. The 22-year-old model opted not to walk in any shows this week, and on Monday was actually photographed a long ways away from the NYC catwalks, in Paris. The runway shows there don't start for another few weeks, but reason for her trip was revealed Tuesday night when Jenner arrived to the Longchamp 70th Anniversary Party. (She's an ambassador for the brand.) Jenner has also appeared in its fall 2018 campaign and attended Longchamp's NYFW show a few days prior, sitting next to Kate Moss.For the event at Opera Garnier, Jenner wore a sultry black, lace dress. The Longchamp design featured a plunging neckline and was made entirely of lace. Jenner, having worn plenty of naked dresses in the past, knew how to style this one. She wore a pair of black high-waisted briefs underneath the sheer ensemble and styled the look with sock boots and delicate earrings. Jenner swept her hair up into a neat bun and a red lip added a pop of color to her outfit. Not many stars can pull off naked dresses in a tasteful manner, but the model did it right Tuesday night.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			These gowns belong on the red carpet.Laura Kim and Fernando Garcia's Oscar de la Renta spring 2019 collection was held on the rooftop of Spring Studios in New York City. Guests were treated to a variety of bold looks from oversize ikat-patterned tops to fringe sarongs and sandals. There were even gowns and dresses thrown into the mix, which come in time for award season. Even though this collection won't be out until next season, celebs and their stylists will have access to the latest styles. I'm betting they're already placing orders for that yellow ballgown or the black one-shoulder minidress with a train...I can see Kendall Jenner in that.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The runway models we deserve."In my world, humans are the accessories." That's from Anthony Rubio, a.k.a. the Pet Couturier, who designs both womenswear and "canine couture." At New York Fashion Week on Sunday, Anthony Rubio sent both dogs and models down the runway, which led to a series of photos I'll be printing off and taping to my mood board, thank you very much."Why should the owners be the only ones to look fashionable?" Rubio told MarieClaire.com of his Spring/Summer 2019 collection. "After all, the pups are the first to be noticed." (I can back Rubio up here: I just adopted a dog, and now my neighbors greet him by name without so much of a glance at me.) At the very end of Rubio's show, he brought out a golden Lab named Sunny, also known as the Today show's Puppy With a Purpose. Sunny, for his part, wore an Art Deco vest with gold sequins.This is Rubio's seventh time showcasing his custom-made "canine couture" in New York Fashion Week. In a statement about the show, Rubio noted that both human and canine models "not only strutted in full glory, but dedicated time to really get to know one another and harmonize...to bring about a seamless show."Here are some of the now well-acquainted models, both human and dog.And here's Sunny the Lab with Rubio and his embellished vest, because of course you wanted to see him as well.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The designer's collection was inspired by her parents' travels.Tory Burch brought a sense of wanderlust to Burch's spring 2019 collection, using her parents' travels as inspiration for the designs. "My parents, Buddy and Reva Robinson, were adventurers. Every summer, they boarded a steamer ship and spent six weeks sailing from Italy and Greece to Morocco and Spain," Burch wrote on Instagram. The designer debuted chic but easy travel clothes like breezy tunic dresses, striped trenches, and straw bucket hats at the Cooper Hewitt Smithsonian Design Museum in New York City. See all the looks, ahead.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			One of the themes? Nautical attire.Two themes were apparent in Monse's spring 2019 show—nautical attire and unisex clothing. Designers Laura Kim and Fernando Garcia revealed that while they designed the collection for women, they started playing with men in the casting. "We said, let’s have five boys," said Garcia to Women's Wear Daily. "And we told them to keep sending more because the clothes looked decent on them." That part was true as the show's opener was a guy who wore a v-neck marinière sweater. A series of other blue-and-white outfits were presented on the runway, with some dresses being held together with ropes. See all the looks, ahead.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Creative director Nicola Glass presented her first collection for the label.At the Kate Spade New York runway show, glitter outlined the model's route on the pink carpet and at each seat was a card that read, "She left a little sparkle everywhere she went," a heartwarming tribute to the brand's namesake, who passed away in June. Creative Director Nicola Glass presented her first spring 2019 collection for the fashion house, debuting a series of feminine and preppy looks from cheery yellow sundresses to lilac-colored trench coats. The line was sophisticated and smile-inducing, which you'll see for yourself ahead.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The designer took over Central Park for a magical night.For his 50th anniversary show, Ralph Lauren hosted the event in Central Park. His runway was set against the backdrop of Bethesda Terrace and after, guests were treated to an intimate candlelit dinner in the park. Lauren made it a point to include both men and women, old and young, in his runway show. Models debuted clothes in leather, buffalo plaids, tweeds, and collegiate stripes–all paying homage to the designer’s aesthetic. There were more than 100 looks total, but it was Gigi Hadid’s patchwork gown, made from scraps of brocade and velvet, that defined the runway.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Lily Aldridge walked the runway while five months pregnant.So many notable moments went down at Brandon Maxwell's spring 2019 show, from Lily Aldridge's runway walk (she's five months pregnant) to the heartwarming ending when Maxwell took his bow with his grandmother. The collection itself, which can't be overshadowed by the celebrity sightings (the Hadid sisters walked in the show), was bright and full of life with a color palette of poppy reds, fuchsia, and gold. The spring collection, if you haven't guessed already, was inspired by Maxwell's southern roots—he was born and raised in Texas. See photos from the runway, ahead.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			My new uniform for spring: a blazer and shorts.Amy Smilovic, founder and creator of Tibi, is the force behind those well-tailored suits and dresses you see on its runway every season. For Tibi's spring 2019 collection, the designer invited guests to one of the oldest banks in NYC's financial district to enjoy the show. Models rode the escalator down before walking the runway to debut the pieces, which ranged from well-cut pantsuits to fluid trenches and shift dresses. The uniform for next spring is no doubt a tailored blazer with oversize shorts. See all the photos from the runway, ahead.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Four words: Bring on the florals.In February, Carolina Herrera stepped down from her namesake brand and Wes Gordon took over as creative director. He's managed to find a happy medium between Herrera's classic silhouettes and styles and his own vision for the label, which he described as anything but rebranding. Staying true to his word, for Carolina Herrera's spring 2019 collection, Gordon looked back at images of Herrera in the '70s, using that time period as inspiration for the clothes. He upheld the Herrera classics like collars and polka dots while injecting some boldness with cutout dresses and two-piece sets. My favorite? An off-the-shoulder '80s-inspired sleeve minidress featuring both the polka dot and floral print. Ahead, see all the looks from the runway.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"I did not want to make clothes that were ironic or clever, but simply clothes that were beautiful."For Tom Ford's spring 2019 show, he reflected on his life as a designer and used it as inspiration for the season's collection. "I always begin each collection as a reaction to the previous season," he said in his show notes. "I feel that fashion has somehow lost its way a bit and it is easy for all of us to be swept up in trends that have lost touch with what women and men want to actually wear.  So I did not want to make clothes that were ironic or clever but simply clothes that were beautiful." The result? Over 40 looks in shades of nude, blush, and, of course, black, which is a color Ford loves to work with. The pieces ranged from structured jackets and lace tops to the most fluid, liquid-like dresses. Materials used to create the garments in this collection include chiffon, lace, leather, and fake crocodile. Ahead, see the looks from the runway.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The model knows how to get the party started.Thus far, Gigi Hadid’s New York Fashion Week schedule has been filled with runway appearances and fancy parties. On Sunday, after walking in Prabal Gurung with sister Bella Hadid, the model showed up to another soirée: The Business of Fashion’s 500 Gala at 1 Hotel Brooklyn Bridge in New York City. The 23-year-old model wore a canary-yellow jumpsuit from Brandon Maxwell’s spring 2019 collection (the line just debuted on Saturday!) and Le Silla mauve pumps while Bella, who was also in attendance, wore an Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood spring 2019 bridal look with Le Silla stocking pumps. While both their outfits were red-carpet worthy, Gigi's accessory made the biggest statement of all. She carried a see-through handbag with a bottle of rosé inside, even though there were plenty of drinks to be had at the gala. (I have so many questions for Gigi: Is the bottle real? Was the bag heavy to tote around? Why rosé? What's her favorite rosé brand? Questions that need answers.( The Brandon Maxwell design was playful, eye-catching, and definitely the highlight of Gigi's outfit.The model will be in town for a few more days as she'll likely walk in the remaining NYFW shows. But while you wait for her next appearance, check out her nifty rosé-filled bag from all angles ahead. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"You dream of being part of something like this as a kid."Mandy Moore may not consider herself the trendiest dresser—"I'm more of the classic with a modern twist," she says—but her appearances at New York Fashion Week and on the red carpet in designs by the likes of Zuhair Murad beg to differ. She has impeccable taste in clothing and can turn up the glamour to the nth degree. Moore's elegant-yet-stylish preferences should serve her well in her latest campaign. The This Is Us actress is the newest celebrity ambassador for Fossil, one of the most timeless brands out there. "I think back to first my experience of going to the mall and walking past the Fossil stores," she tells me. "Now to be associated with a brand that I deem so classic and understated...it’s crazy. When my friends go into the Fossil store, they send me pictures and it's of my face. You dream of being part of something like this as a kid and for it to come to fruition is incredible." Moore designed three different dials for the brand's newest line of smartwatches: the Fossil Q Venture HR. Inspired by her newly renovated home, the dials feature a marble background with colorful specks. "I wanted to bring some of that fun, creative spirit from my house to the watch world," she says. She's also now the proud owner of a smartwatch for the first time from this new line, whose fresh updates include heart-rate tracking, untethered GPS, optimized charge time, and the ability to be worn while swimming. Before picking up your own new timepiece, take heed of Moore's shopping tips. In order to figure out which style is best for you, "try snapping a couple of photos and get a little distance from it. Send the photos in a group text to ask for opinions." Given that I myself don't own a cute, functional watch yet, I will definitely be taking her advice.Shop some of the new Gen 4 smartwatches, ahead.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Their reactions to finding out the news? Unmissable.As models bounced from runway to runway at New York Fashion Week, some ladies made time to attend the casting call for a different kind of event: the 2018 Victoria’s Secret Fashion Show. Taking place in November, the annual spectacle, which has been televised since 1995, showcases gorgeous models rocking sweet and sultry lingerie down the runway. Though this year’s show location, and performers, have yet to be announced, models have traveled to Shanghai, Paris, London, and Miami in previous years to walk.Last season, VS veteran Alessandra Ambrosio walked in her final VSFS while Bella Hadid strutted down the catwalk for a second time. (Her sis Gigi, unfortunately, could not make it to the show in China.) While the Hadid sisters have been dominating the NYFW runways, they were not spotted at this year’s VSFS castings (neither was Kendall Jenner), which leads us to wonder if they will walk in November. However, over 30 other models have been confirmed for the show and shared the happy news, including their reactions, on Instagram. This year we will see the first Filipino model, Kelsey Merritt, as well as the first Ivorian model, Mélie Tiacoh, walk down the runway. Meanwhile, familiar faces such as Shanina Shaik, Devon Windsor, and Sui He announced they will return for the show. There's no word yet if veterans such as Adriana Lima, Behati Prinsloo, Taylor Hill, and Candice Swanepoel will walk but stay tuned. That moment when your agency @suprememgmt tells you you booked the #VSFashionShow @victoriassecret!!! 😱🙈❤️ The best feeling in the world!!! 💕💕💕A post shared by  Kelsey Merritt (@kelseymerritt) on Sep 7, 2018 at 4:27pm PDT I DID IT OMG 💗 if words could make justice to what i feel right now i would try to find a thousand of them and to describe what i am going through right now.  as time rushes by i can only feel more and more overwhelmed by having one of my lifetime dreams coming true.  every step i took with alongside all these amazing beings who have believed in me have brought me to simply tell you: I WILL BE WALKING FOR @victoriassecret 2018 SHOW #vsfashionshow thank you soooo much @victoriassecret ❤️🇵🇹A post shared by  Isilda Moreira (@isildamoreira) on Sep 7, 2018 at 3:02pm PDT -PART 2- It feels so UNREAL! I cannot believe this is actually happening to me! *Pinch me!!!* THANK YOU SO MUCH @victoriassecret @johndavidpfeiffer Ed Razek @monica.mitro @10magazine for giving me the opportunity to walk the Victoria’s Secret Fashion Show 2018! WOW! 2018 will be by far the best year of my modeling career and YOU made my dream come true!  I will be the first Ivorian 🇨🇮 model walking the show, but also the first Guinean 🇬🇳, and probably Lebanese 🇱🇧 -France and Italy were already represented before 😅- What an honor to represent Ivory Coast, Africa and Diversity ✊🏾 Thank you to my agencies and bookers who pushed me and encouraged me to never give up throughout ALL these years!!! @nextmodels @arthurdemarchelier @nextcanada @didierbelleguic ♥️♥️♥️A post shared by  Mélie Tiacoh (@melie_tiacoh) on Sep 7, 2018 at 12:18pm PDT Getting pulled off set to be given this news!!! After all the missed flights and back an forth from NYC to London this is the best news I could ever get ! Still feels like a dream...pinch me ❤️ BIG MOOD!!!😅@victoriassecret @johndavidpfeiffer @ed_razek @10magazine @monica.mitro @theeyecasting @newyorkmodels @elite_london #VSFashionShow #VS18A post shared by  CHEYENNE MAYA CARTY (@chey_maya) on Sep 8, 2018 at 11:06am PDT Words cannot explain how excited I am to announce that I will be walking in the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show 2018! This has been my dream since I was a little girl and I cannot wait! Thank you to everyone who believed in me and made this happen! Happiest girl in the world ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ @victoriassecret @alikavoussi @johndavidpfeiffer @ed_razek @monica.mitro @10magazine @thelionsny  #victoriassecret #vsfs #vsangel #trainlikeanangel #vsfs2018A post shared by  Willow Hand (@willow.hand) on Sep 8, 2018 at 9:39am PDT Happy to be back @victoriassecret #victoriafashionshow  @ed_razek @monica.mitro @10magazine @johndavidpfeiffer Thank You...♥️💋A post shared by  Grace Bol️️️️ (@gracebol) on Sep 7, 2018 at 6:55pm PDT I would like to start of by saying Thank you GOD for making my dream come true!!! MAMA I MADE IT!!! I just got confirmed for the @victoriassecret FASHION SHOW!!! Thank you sooo much @johndavidpfeiffer Sophia @10magazine @ed_razek @monica.mitro Words can’t even describe how HAPPY I am!!!! Thank you soo much to my beautiful mother and my lovely family  @nyanyork @anglena.koj @ringonumanine @adau_themodel @_nyakeer for supporting me throughout the years!! And too my amazing agents @dymonddame @paulosantosny @mariacognata @marniking @maximakingmusic @georgiabonsema @ericgubnitsky @dereksaathoff @v.perillo @elaynebohary @aletxurner @marilynagencyny @marilynagencyparis @estmodels you guys are the bestest ❤️❤️❤️!!!! Thank you to everyone that has continued to support me I really appreciate each and every one of you!! I LOVE YOU ALL DEARLY!!! #godisgood #wemadeit #victoriassecret #vsangel #blessed #vsfashionshow @victoriasportA post shared by  SABAH WITH AN A ✨ (@iamsabaah) on Sep 7, 2018 at 5:43pm PDT #Winnie Harlow #the moment her agency @womenmanagementny told her she confirmed the Victoria’s Secret 2018  Fashion Show 👏👏👏👏 @winnieharlow @victoriassecret #CongratsA post shared by  Mato Novak (@bodybymato) on Sep 9, 2018 at 5:33am PDT 4 years in a row for the #vsfashionshow !!! @leomieanderson we are so proud of you 💕🙌🏻 @victoriassecret #vsangel #victoriassecret #vsfs2018A post shared by  Fusion Models NYC (@fusionmodelsnyc) on Sep 7, 2018 at 3:46pm PDT Wooowww!! Im speechless. So happy to share the news with you all that i’ll be walking the Victoria’s Secret fashion show this year. Thank you @victoriassecret for making my dream come true!! ♥️ @ed_razek @10magazine @monica.mitro @johndavidpfeifferA post shared by  Barbara Palvin (@realbarbarapalvin) on Sep 7, 2018 at 12:57pm PDT OH MY GAHHHH 💗💗💗 All glory to God!!!!! Never in a million years would I have imagined to be a part of this year’s annual #VSFashionShow , I am beyond thankful and so honored to be chosen to represent their brand and be a role model for all types of women and all shades of beauty! I will only hope to inspire you all to follow your dreams because anything is possible! Go shake up the world baby! Huge thankyou to my mom, and management @one.1nyc @onemanagement and the entire VS Team @victoriassecret #edrazek @johndavidpfeiffer  @michellepriano @monica.mitro  #VSAngel Words can’t express how excited I am! You all literally made this girl’s dream come true - i 💕A post shared by  Iesha Hodges (@ieshahodgesofficial) on Sep 7, 2018 at 11:25am PDT I am so so excited and honored to be able to announce that I will be walking in the Victoria’s Secret Fashion Show 2018. Still don’t think it’s quite hit me yet but this is such a dream come true. Thank you to all of you who have supported and believed in me along the way. So incredibly grateful to @johndavidpfeiffer @monica.mitro and @10magazine for the opportunity to be in the show of my dreams. God is good ⭐️ @victoriassecret @jagmodels #vsfashionshowA post shared by  Sofie Grace Rovenstine (@sofie_rovenstine) on Sep 7, 2018 at 3:10pm PDT My huge honour to be on @Victoriassecret fashion show! It’s the 8️⃣th years, I am so thankful that I am still here !Enjoy every moment with  #VSFashionShow  couldn't be more grateful, Thank you @monica.mitro @ed_razek @johndavidpfeiffer @10magazine 💃💃Now let’s get to work! 💪🏻💪🏻💪🏻A post shared by  何穗 sui he (@hesui923) on Sep 9, 2018 at 4:52am PDT @women360mgmt showing me so much love (and then making me clean up after) 🍾 🎉 @victoriassecret #vsfashionshowA post shared by  sadie newman (@sadienewman) on Sep 7, 2018 at 3:33pm PDT Thank you everyone that believed in me since the beginning, thank you for always rooting for me and making me feel the luckiest girl in the world! I’m so so so happy to announce that I’m gonna be walking at the @victoriassecret fashion show 2018 ♥️♥️♥️ thank you @ed_razek @monica.mitro @10magazine @johndavidpfeiffer for trusting me one more year 🤗 thank you thank you thank you thank youA post shared by  Gizele Oliveira (@giizeleoliveira) on Sep 7, 2018 at 2:42pm PDT Super excited to announce that i am going to be walking in the VICTORIA’S SECRET FASHION SHOW 2018 !!! 🎉Thank you to everyone who believed in me (and who didn’t) @ed_razek @monica.mitro @10magazine @johndavidpfeiffer @victoriassecret for giving me this insane chance, forever grateful💗💗💗A post shared by  Yasmin Wijnaldum (@yasminwijnaldum) on Sep 7, 2018 at 1:15pm PDT Glowing from within 🌻A post shared by  Herieth Paul🇹🇿 (@heriethpaul) on Aug 21, 2018 at 8:50am PDT I ❤️ U Tag that someone special in your life 👇🏼 #spreadlove #redhead #ilovemyjobA post shared by  Alexina Graham (@alexinagraham) on Sep 5, 2018 at 1:45am PDT The theme for fashion week is.... stuck in traffic. Am I right?!A post shared by  devon windsor (@devwindsor) on Sep 6, 2018 at 12:44pm PDT enjoying the last bits of summer 😭A post shared by  Estelle Chen (@chen_estelle) on Aug 17, 2018 at 9:32am PDT 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017 and now 2018 !!! I still can’t believe it ! I feel so blessed and forever grateful to this amazing family 🙏🏽 Merci Merci Merci @ed_razek @monica.mitro @10magazine @johndavidpfeiffer for believing in me for 6 years now, you guys changed my life ! ❤️ @victoriassecretA post shared by  Cindy Bruna (@cindybruna) on Sep 7, 2018 at 4:37pm PDT How do you start your Mornings? 🍹A post shared by  Megan Williams (@meganmayw) on Aug 9, 2018 at 9:24am PDT I’ll hold the sea in my eyes and sand on my face 🐚🌞A post shared by  GEORGIA FOWLER (@georgiafowler) on Jul 30, 2018 at 12:31pm PDT Play hard💃🏽A post shared by  Kelly Gale (@kellybellyboom) on Sep 9, 2018 at 8:09am PDT 🌺A post shared by  Barbara Fialho (@barbara) on Jul 7, 2018 at 5:16pm PDT Easy day on set💜A post shared by  Frida Aasen 🇳🇴 (@frida_aasen) on Aug 24, 2018 at 7:26pm PDT So... two days ago I moved to New York City and today I am shooting with @vspink 💗💗💗 I couldn’t be happier or more grateful right now !!A post shared by  Lani 👽 (@alannahwalton) on Aug 27, 2018 at 3:11pm PDT This is my face permanently for a little while!!! ✨✨✨ I am so ecstatic to say that I’ll be walking this years VICTORIA’S SECRET FASHION SHOW!! I used to think about what this moment might feel like, and it is simply indescribable. Never in my wildest dreams could I have imagined I would get the opportunity to cast, let alone confirm the show of a lifetime. A big thank you to my amazing agents for all that you have done. I LOVE YOU ❤️❤️ @alikavoussi  @andreaplowright @thelionsny @62management and lastly to @ed_razek @10magazine @monica.mitro and @johndavidpfeiffer THANK YOU for making my dreams come true! I am on a cloud right now!!! 💖💖💖💖A post shared by  Maia Cotton (@maiacotton) on Sep 7, 2018 at 11:11am PDT Just woke up and rewatched this video a million times to make sure I wasn’t dreaming 😭😍❤️ #VSFashionShow I’m coming for you!!!!!!! 👼🏼 @victoriassecretA post shared by  Lorena Rae (@lorena) on Sep 9, 2018 at 6:36am PDT Good morning 🍎A post shared by  Nadine Leopold (@nadineleopold) on Sep 2, 2018 at 5:49am PDT Italia, ci vediamo domani✈️❤️A post shared by  Jos🐾 (@josiecanseco) on Jun 16, 2018 at 7:15pm PDT When you realize summer’s over #timetogohome #3monthslater✈️A post shared by  TONI GARRN (@tonigarrn) on Sep 3, 2018 at 12:14pm PDTA post shared by Maggie Laine (@maggievlaine) on Aug 11, 2018 at 10:15am PDT the next casting that asks you your age tell them I said age ain’t nothing but a number 😂 💋✌🏾#fashionweekishereA post shared by  Jourdana Phillips (@jourdanaelizabeth) on Sep 5, 2018 at 5:48am PDT Denim affair 🤪💙A post shared by  Unicorn (@mayowanicholas) on Sep 9, 2018 at 5:38pm PDT Before Bed Selfie - remember ladies always wash your makeup off before bed 💋A post shared by  SHANINA SHAIK (@shaninamshaik) on Aug 24, 2018 at 5:21am PDT All natural with @allure today 💋A post shared by  Zuri (@angelzuri) on Jun 14, 2018 at 9:02am PDT you know what they say...three times the charm!! 3️⃣❤️🦊 so honored and forever grateful to be walking my THIRD @victoriassecret show this year! I wouldn’t be in this position if it weren’t for my incredible support system nearly four years I’ve been modeling and if you would’ve told me I would spend three of them walking this show I wouldn’t believe you but the universe has listened to me and I am so blessed thank you so much @ed_razek @monica.mitro @10magazine @johndavidpfeiffer my @imgmodels @ethanmiller71 for making this farm girls dreams come true I couldn’t be more happy also thank you to my amazing #foxys I love you guys so much you bring so much light to my lifeA post shared by  Lameka Fox (@lamekafox) on Sep 7, 2018 at 2:08pm PDT I’m soooo excited, I WILL BE WALKING THE VICTORIA SECRET SHOW!!! ❤️❤️❤️ I still can’t believe it! Big big thanks to @ed_razek @johndavidpfeiffer @monica.mitro @10magazine @mrs_k_chow @victoriassecret for giving me this chance! ✨🦋✨🦋 I also want to thank my sweet Natascha @modelsrockagency and @nextmodels for their ongoing support 💓A post shared by  Myrthe Bolt (@myrthebolt_) on Sep 7, 2018 at 1:58pm PDT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Catch up on everything you might have missed.New York Fashion Week is upon us, but if you're not constantly on Instagram scrolling through your newsfeed, you might miss something important. (Did you see Jeremy Scott's political T-shirt or Gigi Hadid close out Ralph Lauren's show?) With that in mind, we're providing short, digestible recaps of our favorite spring '19 runway moments throughout the week.  You don't have to sit front row at NYFW to know what's happening!Thank God for Marc Jacobs. Last night's presentation was the definition of ‘worth the wait’ as it was not only the very last show of NYFW but also kicked off 1.5 hours after it was scheduled. I very happily waited and was rewarded with an inspiring, sublime, ridiculous, frothy and fantastic show!! Marc doubled-down on his house’s codes by paying homage to past collections and amping up his tries and true ideas to the umpteenth power. All the greatest MJ boxes were ticked: slip dresses, 1950’s silver screen sirens, band leader jackets, lurex, Buffalo, flirtations with CHANEL, recent takes on Viramontes, even his ever covetable cashmere thermal made appearances on the catwalk. This show went to prove, once again, that Marc Jacobs is the king of NYFW.  — Joseph Errico, Fashion DirectorShark tank terror at Calvin Klein. — Kate Lanphear, Creative Director I am a big fan of Proenza Schouler, so I was thrilled to have them showing back on schedule in NYC. Jack McCollough and Lazaro Hernandez are so talented and so smart. I loved their haute take on humble fabrics—denim, canvas, cotton—these are great looking clothes that can actually exist in the real world. Extra points for a killer casting and a new bag silhouette which is sure to be spotted on all the PYT’s arms v.soon. — Joseph Errico, Fashion DirectorThe highlight of the day for me was the casting at Proenza Schouler. I loved seeing Amber Valletta, Gemma Ward, and Tasha Tilberg  walk the runway in Proenza's acid wash denim. — Kate Lanphear, Creative Director Sandy Liang had her presentation at Congee Village (a place I frequent on the weekends when I'm desperately craving Chinese food) in NYC. When I wandered up to the second floor for the event, models were perched on top of chairs and lingering around the tables while modeling the spring 2019 collection. Noodles and fruit platters were strategically placed on the tables, as if the models were having a meal before being interrupted by us. My favorite piece was this fuzzy shearling jacket as I love Liang's outerwear creations. — Marina Liao, Fashion News EditorIn all my years of attending fashion shows, at Rodarte, sitting outside in a full-on rain storm, was a first for me. You never know what to expect when arriving to a venue for a fashion show and, like a wedding, sometimes all the planning in the world can’t account for the weather. So onward and upward as it were. We were handed clear umbrellas and sent to our seats. As miserable as it sounds, it kinda worked. The models floated through the cemetery, (did I mention we were in a graveyard?) totally indifferent to the weather. The rain casted a spectral, hauntingly poetic feeling to the already dreamy clothes. And, special shout out to Odile Gilbert’s hair, which was long and loose with fresh flowers woven in. It was beyond!! — Joseph Errico, Fashion DirectorClaudia Li’s first runway show was a standout to me. From the all-Asian model casting to the easy New Zealand-inspired sensibility, it was lift in mood from the cold and rainy weather happening outside. — Julia Gall, Accessories DirectorWith all due respect to the fantastic fringed leather and Mongolian lamb clog-slides (love!!) that wafted before my eyes at Longchamp, I found my attention being pulled again and again to, longtime Longchamp collaborator, Kate Moss. A palpable and electric silence took over the room when Kate arrived as she immediately captured the collective imagination of a jaded fashion audience. Her supernovaesque, golden-unicorn like allure seemed evermore heightened in today’s insta-famous landscape. — Joseph Errico, Fashion DirectorI LOVED the surfer meets western meets punk mood at R13. The backless Hawaiian print cowboy boots with spikes were a standout shoe in the season so far. I’m really none of those things so maybe I could just be all of them? — Julia Gall, Accessories DirectorI'm not the best at mixing and matching different prints or colors. Luckily, Han Chong of Self-Portrait has me covered with his spring '19 collection. His dresses featured a medley of florals that gave off happy vibes and all the designs effortlessly paired together. — Marina, Fashion News EditorThere were so many remarkable parts of Ralph Lauren’s 50th anniversary show—the Central Park setting! The celeb-filled audience! The quintessentially Ralph Lauren collection!—but the highlight for me was when Polo models walked the runway with Polo-clad kids, holding their hands, walking beside them, and even carrying them. In one particularly cute instance, a male model walked with a sleeping baby decked out in plaid, which produced an audible “aww” from the audience. Even Ralph Lauren greeted his front row admirers accompanied by a little kid toting a RL teddy bear. — Sally Holmes, Digital DirectorNicola Glass’ debut show as creative director for Kate Spade felt like a real fashion moment. I didn’t feel as though I was watching a typical NYFW show, it felt as though it was something we are more accustomed to seeing in Paris. Her attention to detail and clever twist on the iconic spade, (into hearts and flowers) was exciting. Glass is definitely one to watch as she moves this label into its newest iteration. — Joseph Errico, Fashion DirectorAt Carly Cushnie’s first solo collection show, I loved the mix of neon and tropical colors in sexy silhouettes topped with Sade-inspired glam. — Julia Gall, Accessories DirectorIt’s always so fun to see the inclusion of models at Chromat. It brings such a positive vibe and spirit to fashion week.  — Adrienne Faurote, Fashion EditorThe singer Serpentwithfeet began the Ulla Johnson show with these hauntingly beautiful vocals that transported me away from Brooklyn and the day’s daunting schedule and further into the summer holiday world of Ulla, where straw bags and crochet become a uniform and no responsibilities exist. I didn’t want to leave! — Julia Gall, Accessories DirectorI was psyched to see Nicole Miller dip into her archive to reimagine some of her greatest hits for today. The beaded, shredded blazers and leopard/denim combos recalled a 'Slaves of New York' feeling that is an immediate sweet spot for me. Equally as cool for today as they would have been during the halcyon days of the 1980s Odeon and Mudd Club.  — Joseph Errico, Fashion DirectorThe clothes were beautiful at Mara Hoffman (I am in love with this model's pure elegance!), but I want to thank and highlight the designer for bringing diversity and size inclusivity into her spring 2019 presentation. It was subtle and everyone looked so beautiful. — Marina Liao, Fashion News EditorJohn Elliot’s second womenswear collection was the highlight of the day and the coolness of his collection justified us sitting out in the heat. From the pastel tie dye pieces to the windbreaker and bucket hat combo, these looks definitely made me want to be a John Elliot girl. Another highlight? All the stars I saw: Hailey Baldwin and Justin Bieber, Lebron James, Pete Davidson... —Adrienne Faurote, Fashion EditorI can’t stop thinking about Jeremy Scott’s overall boots from yesterday’s show. They’re sexy, but cool. And the polaroid prints of himself? I’m obsessed. I need that polaroid maxi dress! I also loved watching Offset’s runway debut. — Bella Khoshaba, Fashion Assistant		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Harper's Bazaar hosted its star-studded ICONS party last night at the Plaza Hotel in New York City, and guests brought their A-game to the NYFW soirée. Ahead, some of the major fashion moments of the night, brought to you by Bella Hadid, Victoria Justice, Nicki Minaj, and more. From: ELLE US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			What the editors, influencers, buyers, and more are wearing to the shows.New York Fashion Week is here, and because a lot of the best fashion moments happen off  the runway, check out the best street style hitting the sidewalks this season.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Someone book me a flight to Italy.Golden Goose Deluxe Brand, best known for its sneakers that look scuffed and beat up, released a short film to pay homage to the label's home base: Venice, Italy. Titled Letter of Love, the short was shot by Italian director Luca Finotti and stars Paris Jackson, Emmanuelle Seigner, Roberto Rossellini, Jenke Tailly, and Luka Isaac. The stars, or characters, rather, were filmed exploring Venice, from drifting listlessly in gondolas to hanging out in an Italian square. It's all pretty romantic.The film will be released in eight chapters throughout September, with the first one starring Jackson out now. A warning from me before you watch: this will make you want to book a trip to Venice.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Honestly, I kind of love the look.Kylie Jenner is slowly morphing into Kim Kardashian and we have proof. On Thursday night, the 21-year-old dropped by The Nice Guy in West Hollywood and stepped out of her car in a skintight, pink latex dress. The piece was definitely reminiscent of Kim's past latex looks, like this salmon-colored Atsuko Kudo dress from 2015. It appears Kylie's taking some styling advice from her older sister too as she wore a pair of PVC Yeezy heels (one of Kim's favorite types of footwear). The duo's similar taste in clothes hasn't gone unnoticed by Kim, who once called Kylie her "little twin sissy." The 37-year-old herself recently attended an event in NYC while wearing a hot pink vintage Versace latex dress. Kim's shoes of choice? A pair of clear heels. Kylie's out and about this week attending important events like a party to celebrate Adidas new "Falcon" sneakers. The star was tapped as the brand's latest celebrity ambassador and has been rocking her Adidas kicks nonstop on Instagram. I wouldn't be surprised if Kim's the next Kardashian in the family to land a deal with the sneaker giant as both Kendall and Kylie already rep the brand. Read on to see Kylie's full latex look as well as a side by side of her and Kim. Then, check out all the other times they've twinned too.Proof Kim and Kylie are always twinning.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The designer wore a T-shirt that said, "Tell Your Senator No on Kavanaugh."At the end of every runway show, designers appear for a quick bow or wave to the audience. On Thursday night, Jeremy Scott did his lap around the runway and used the opportunity to make a timely political statement. As he walked by his guests, Scott wore a homemade T-shirt with the message: "Tell Your Senator No on Kavanaugh," along with a Washington phone number for people to call to take a stand against President Donald Trump's Supreme Court nominee.The designer explained to the Associated Press that he was trying stand up for "women's rights, reproductive rights, LGBT rights, affirmative action — you know, it's all at stake with this one man." Scott's message could not have been more timely as Judge Brett M. Kavanaugh wrapped up his four-day Supreme Court nominee hearing on Thursday. If confirmed, the 53-year-old will replace a retiring Justice Anthony Kennedy. His election could have potential disastrous effects on Roe v. Wade and other issues for years to come. He also made headlines yesterday when he seemingly called birth control "abortion-inducing drugs." According to CNN, Kavanaugh has the lowest approval ratings as a Supreme Court nominee in the modern era. Maybe it's time to dial that number, now?As for the other pieces in the spring 2019 collection, Scott says he was the inspiration for his "riot" and "power" slogan-covered sweaters. "Often we have muses for our fashion. I decided I was my own muse this season," he said.This is not the first time, nor the last, a designer has made a political statement at fashion week. After Trump's inauguration in January 2017, designers like Prabal Gurung sent models down the NYFW runway in feminist slogan tees while at Missoni's show, Angela Missoni had her models (and show attendees) wear pink pussy hats. The accessory was synonymous with the Women's March on Washington in January.Before this season's shows conclude on Wednesday, Sept. 12, look out for more hints of political messages in designer collections.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Yesterday, Meghan Markle wore a mesmerizing blue Jason Wu dress to the 100 Days of Peace Gala in London alongside her husband Prince Harry. Typically, the Duchess chooses outfits that are custom-made for her, or better yet, currently available to shop, which is what makes her style so accessible. But this time around, it was neither—and we all missed it. Meghan's Mirror, the fashion blog that keeps tabs on the Duchess' style, originally predicted Jason Wu designed a bespoke piece for Meghan, noting that Karlie Kloss has worn a similar style in the past. However, last night Wu revealed on Instagram that the dress is from his upcoming spring/summer 2019 collection, which he plans to show during his presentation today at New York Fashion Week. In other words, Jason Wu executed a brilliant sneak peek of his collection at the hands of one of the most beloved figures in the world...right under our noses. And it was pure genius.  #meghanmarkle in #jasonwu #jasonwucollection #spring2019A post shared by  Jason Wu (@jasonwu) on Sep 6, 2018 at 9:32pm PDTIt's unclear whether or not the idea came from Meghan Markle's stylist, Jessica Mulroney, Wu, or Meghan herself. The internet, of course, then started to notice how strategic Meghan's outfits really are. (S/o to reporter Elizabeth Holmes for the analysis.) Wu will present his SS19 collection at 1 p.m. today. It will be interesting to see whether the piece was tailored to Meghan specifically, or if we'll be able to wear the exact same style come spring. Check back here for updates.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Pause everything at the office and tune in.I still remember my first Tory Burch purchase: a pair of black "Reva" ballet flats with the iconic double T gold logo. The It shoe almost every high school girl wanted. (My mom bought them for me only after I received an A in one of my classes.) While this was my first Tory purchase, it certainly wasn't my last. The iconic brand, which started in 2004, has become a fashion empire of timeless designs and "affordable luxury," aligning itself with brands like Michael Kors.Thus, every season when Burch hosts a runway show for her eponymous label, the stars come out to support. You'll find celeb fans like Sienna Miller, Jessica Alba, and Zoey Deutch sitting front row. Last season, models walked down a grassy runway filled with 14,000 pink carnations to show off the fall 2018 collection. This year? Anything goes. Though Burch hasn't released any info on her spring 2019 collection, you can expect to see something special.If you're not attending the show this morning, no worries. We have a livestream that will bring you right in to the action from the comfort of your own home, or work desk. Sit tight as the runway heats up and then...enjoy the show!Watch live, below:		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			And the most incredible shoes!It's a busy week for Prince Harry and Meghan Markle. After attending the Wellchild Awards Tuesday, the couple made another appearance Thursday night for the 100 Days to Peace gala. According to the Royal Armouries website, the event marks "the centenary of the last 100 days of First World War hostilities." The gala serves to support mental health charities like Heads Together, which is spearheaded by Prince Harry and his family.For the occasion, Meghan wore a blue Jason Wu dress while Prince Harry wore a dark suit. Meghan's outfit was different than her previous two menswear-inspired ensembles. After wearing a Judith and Charles tuxedo dress to see a performance of Hamilton in London last week, she rocked an Altuzarra pantsuit at Tuesday's WellChild Awards. This time around, however, the Duchess of Sussex chose to channel her inner princess in Jason Wu. To complete her gorgeous ensemble, she wore a pair of amazing Aquazzura heels.Though Prince Harry and Meghan's next appearance has yet to be announced, we do know the duo will head to Australia next month for the 2018 Invictus Games. The overseas trip will also include stops in New Zealand, Fiji, and Tonga, so prepare yourself for all of Meghan's outfit changes.The Duchess of Sussex, in a dress by Jason Wu, has arrived with her husband Prince Harry for a gala concert in aid of mental health charities, 100 Days to Peace. pic.twitter.com/8ibCbTUctF		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Several of her famous friends came out to toast her.This year Minnie Mouse celebrates her 90th (!) birthday. Shocking as it may be (she doesn't look a day over...well, whatever age is considered young and sprightly in mouse years), Minnie celebrated exactly as you'd expect: With a lot of famous friends and right smack at the start of New York Fashion Week. Minnie and her iconic style were celebrated at the #MinnieStyle  Suite, where the likes of Ashley Graham, Jamie Chung, and Law Roach came out to honor the influential mouse and toast her signature polka-dot looks. Here, see how Minnie and her celeb friends marked the big day.Britney Tokyo, Law Roach, Minnie Mouse, Mario Dedivanovic, and Jen AtkinMinnie Mouse and Jen AtkinJamie Chung and Minnie MouseYum.Mario Dedivanovic and Minnie MouseAshley GrahamBritney Tokyo, Minnie Mouse, and Ashley GrahamEars!Minnie Mouse and Nicole MehtaCharlotte Bridgeman and Minnie MouseMolly Sims and Minnie MouseChristy Joseph and Minnie Mouse		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Traveling with BF Tristan Thompson and baby True, Khloé is clearly living her best life right now.Like most couples, Khloé Kardashian and Tristian Thompson's relationship has encountered some major road bumps. (On Tuesday, Khloé took to Instagram to address marriage rumors and also confirmed Thompson cheated on her.) But it seems this week, at least, all is good in paradise. The couple and their four-month-old daughter, True, are currently on vacation at an undisclosed location. Khloé posted several photos from their getaway, writing, "Me and my girl!!" in a snap of her and True.She also shared a solo shot of herself in a white bikini. As she stared off into the distance, we got a good look at the two piece: a semi-sheer top and high-waisted bikini bottoms—very on-trend! Khloé completed her vacation outfit with a breezy pink-and-white beach cover up and accessorized with tassel earrings and a head bandana. Is there a better vacation look? We think not....My guess is Thompson took this #OOTD for her and like all Instagram boyfriends, he did a pretty good job. While Khloé didn't reveal the exact brand of her bikini or other pieces from her outfit, I tracked down similar options, below, in case you want to channel her vacation style. 💚 Forever Thankful For It ALL 💚A post shared by  Khloé (@khloekardashian) on Sep 6, 2018 at 4:29am PDTRockins silk bandana scarf, $30 SHOP ITNew Friends Colony, $53 SHOP ITMuche Muchette cover up, $225 SHOP ITMade by Dawn ruffle bikini top, $95 SHOP ITLane Crawford high-waist bikini bottom, $170 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I'm basic. So sue me. In our biweekly series, our editors will be sharing "the item they wear to death," whether it be a basic white tee or a super-trendy jumpsuit. Prepare yourself (and your credit card) for some guilt-free shopping.I never leave home without my jean jacket. At this point the light-wash Gap 1969 denim topper is essentially an extension of my body. I’ve had it for a good six years now—well, in some version; I left its predecessor hanging on a hook under the bar in a Manhattan restaurant, realized 20 minutes later I didn’t have it, returned to said restaurant to retrieve it, cried when it wasn’t there, and purchased a new one the very next day—and in that time it’s criss-crossed the continent from Massachusetts to California, and been to every country I have, including Norway and Guatemala. And why wouldn’t I pack it every time? It’s the perfect travel companion: It goes with everything and never wants to sightsee when you want to sleep in. (I kid. Kinda.)This particular style has tabs at the hem that can be buttoned in two different places to accentuate the waist and a little interior pocket that fits my phone (maybe all jackets have this, but I only recently discovered it in mine and it’s been a game-changer). The outerwear is the right weight for all weathers. AC blasting at dinner? Throw on your denim jacket. A bit breezy after sunset? Grab your denim jacket. Not cold enough to warrant a puffer? That denim jacket will do. It looks stylish just hanging from my hand, which means I’m never annoyed if I carry it around all day without ever putting it on. (As my father always says, “better to have it and not need it, than need it and not have it.”)But it's not just a travel piece. The jacket has the all-important Very First Spot in my closet because I reach for it—I'd estimate—once a week. I wear it winter, spring, summer, and fall. I wear it to the office, over cocktail dresses, with minis, maxis, shorts, and pants. Name a thing it can’t be worn with. You can’t. Because even a Canadian tuxedo is no longer a faux pas.At this point, I wear it so often, it’s become a thing my boyfriend teases me about. But I don’t care, the jacket and I have more history. If I’ve convinced you that you, too, need a jacket like this in your life, you can go ahead and purchase your own right here. I promise you won’t regret it.Gap icon denim jacket, $70 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The first Fall '18 collection is filled with classics.On Wednesday, Amazon Fashion announced that it's launching J.Crew Mercantile, a line of clothing for women and men in its first-ever partnership with the brand. J.Crew lovers will find a pared-down version of their everyday basics from tees and denim jackets to jeans in the fall '18 collection. In addition, all pieces in this line are under $300 and ship for free. (For comparison, you can get a pair of jeans from the Mercantile collection for $50 versus $75 on J.Crew's website.)Though J.Crew might fully be on board with having its products on the giant e-commerce site, according to The Wall Street Journal, some brands are "worried that Amazon will use sales data to launch less-expensive imitations of their products" or fear that "listing items on Amazon reduces shoppers’ incentive to visit physical stores."This news shouldn't come as a surprise; Amazon is the number two player in the U.S. apparel industry (trailing just behind Walmart) and already offers other prominent labels such as Nike and Calvin Klein on the website. Just recently, Zappos, which is owned by Amazon, developed a relationship with streetwear brand Concept as a way to tap into the "cool" side of footwear. With these new business opportunities, Amazon Fashion is out to crush the apparel game. Check out some of the Amazon x J.Crew offerings, ahead.J.Crew Mercantile denim jacket, $65 SHOP ITJ.Crew Mercantile tee, $33 SHOP ITJ.Crew Mercantile chambray shirt, $45 SHOP ITJ.Crew chino pants, $37 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			They showed up to the U.S. Open to support Serena Williams.Gigi and Bella Hadid are in town for New York Fashion Week. First, however, the Hadids attended the 2018 U.S. Open to support their friend Serena Williams. On Tuesday night, the tennis champ played against Karolina Pliskova—beating her 6-4, 6-3—as her celebrity friends watched the victory. (Priyanka Chopra, Nick Jonas, Sophie Turner, and Joe Jonas were also in attendance.) For the tennis match, Gigi wore a Vivienne Westwood striped shirt, teaming it with white biker shorts–her go-to pants of the moment—BaubleBar earrings, and a pair of Dear Frances knotted slides. The model went the extra mile to make her button-down look unique by wearing it off one shoulder. This tried-and-true fashion girl hack is easy to pull off if you don't mind that your shirt looks like it's about to fall off. Gigi's little sis Bella seemed to apply the same styling trick to her own outfit, wearing her dress off one shoulder as well. After a fun-filled weekend (the sisters spent Labor Day with the Kardasians) and this tennis match, the Hadid sisters will soon be back to work, walking the fashion week runways in New York, London, Paris, and Milan. And if they have time, they might even stop by the Victoria's Secret Show castings, which are happening right now. Check out Gigi and Bella's outfits below, then shop Gigi's exact shirt, as well as other options.Bella wore a flared white minidress from Acler with ankle socks and sneakersThe Hadid sisters cheered on Serena Williams from their seatsShop Gigi's exact Vivienne Westwood shirt, plus similar options.Vivienne Westwood striped patchwork shirt, $467 SHOP ITEquipment striped shirt, $149 SHOP ITBurberry striped button-down shirt, $170 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			They're so sparkly! She's an international fashion icon for a reason, and Meghan Markle added a little heirloom flair to her fantastic look at the 2018 Wellchild Awards on Tuesday. Arriving at The Royal Lancaster Hotel this afternoon for the annual event, which honors sick children and their caregivers, the Duchess of Sussex donned an all-black outfit, consisting of a gorgeously tailored Altuzarra suit and a Deitas "Coco Shantung" blouse. The best detail, however, were her delicate pearl and diamond drop earrings, a gift from Queen Elizabeth to Meghan from earlier this year at the Duchess's first solo public outing in June.The earrings were accented by Meghan's signature messy bun. They made their first appearance in June at a day of royal engagements. It's not the first time Meghan has repeated an outfit, either: She first wore an Alexander McQueen blazer to the Endeavour Fund Gala this past February, only for it to re-appear in April at the a reception for the Invictus Games in London.The earrings' appearance at the Wellchild Awards were first pointed out by Twitter user GabiK:Meghan's earrings today (04.09.2018) looks like pearls given to her by HM The Queen :@whatmegwore @MadAboutMeghan @MeghansMirror @WhatMeghanWore pic.twitter.com/dQB1geKp5lAnd they were first identified as being a gift from the Queen to Meghan back in June:Buckingham Palace say Meghan #DuchessofSussex’s new pearl earrings are a gift from the Queen. (And not Birks as they’re claiming!). pic.twitter.com/fLJcIoZtGtHer Majesty and her new granddaughter have a close relationship–so any opportunity to continue the family legacy is clearly welcomed.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The Duchess of Sussex chose another menswear-inspired look today.Meghan Markle's on that menswear-inspired fashion beat. After wearing a tuxedo minidress to see Hamilton last week, the Duchess of Sussex showed up to the Wellchild Awards on Tuesday in a black pantsuit set from Altuzarra and a black Deitas blouse. The royal kept the outfit sleek and polished with a pair of black heels and carried a Stella McCartney crossbody bag. While this was a change from last week's daring ensemble, this isn't the first time Meghan's gone for the pantsuit look. Back in February, she wore a black suit to the Endeavour Fund Awards Ceremony while Prince Harry wore a blue suit. And once again, Meghan proved a black suit doesn't have to be boring: Her Altuzarra blazer flared out at her hips while her pants were slim around her legs before flaring out at the bottom. The royal walked down the red carpet and past the cameras before sitting down to chat with Matilda Booth, a seven-year-old with spina bifida who is one of the winners at this year's award ceremony.Tonight's events celebrate the courage shown by seriously ill children and the ceremony is being held at the Royal Lancaster Hotel in central London. Prince Harry has been a patron of WellChild for over 10 years while this is Meghan's first time at the event. Ahead, see her outfit from head to toe before shopping the exact pieces from her look.Deitas coco camisole, $376 SHOP ITAltuzarra classic flared trousers, $633 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You'll need a skirt and a pair of pants....Much as shopping is our lifeblood, fashion girls know you don't need to buy new clothes every season to appear more stylish. The trick to refreshing your outfits is to make what you already own seem new again. For example, that black sweater you wear every winter? Have you thought about layering it over a blouse or wearing the sweater under a pair of denim overalls? Small changes can elevate existing outfits, so you don't spend $85 buying another black Zara sweater. Easier said than done though, right? Even the most fashionable among us struggle with mixing-and-matching the pieces already in the closet. To get out of a style rut, we'll need some outfit inspiration, which is where the ensembles, below, come in. Each photo showcases how the top portion of an outfit can be worn two different ways, simply with a variation in accessories and a switch from skirt to pants. (Six outfits magically turn into 12!) Use it as a guide the next time you're wondering aloud to yourself, What the hell should I wear??Neutral colors such as cream and beige are usually the base for something bolder, but when you pair them together it creates an extra sophisticated effect. Notice how in the first look, the model wears a nude sweater with a white skirt and boots. In the second look, all you need is a pair of tailored trousers and some chic loafers to completely switch up the outfit. Who needs color?Left: Philosophy di Lorenzo Serafini beige sweater, $695; Fendi blouse, $1,690; Altuzarra skirt, $1,125; Longchamp sunglasses, $175; Fabrizio Viti boots, $1,306; Simon Miller bag, $590 Right: Philosophy di Lorenzo Serafini beige sweater, $695; Fendi wool pants, $950; Kate Spade pearl earrings, $68; Falke socks, $24; Bally shoes, $650; Chloé handbag, $1,950.Start with a bright blouse and build from there. A plaid skirt is the perfect replacement for jeans and, when paired with a silky button-down shirt, you'll look like you've just stepped out of The Devil Wears Prada (you're Andy Sachs, of course). Alternatively, a pair of paisley-printed trousers is the perfect way to spice up your office uniform on days you're feeling sick of your regular ol' black work slacks. (If this print is too wild for your company's dress code...maybe it's time to find a new job.)Left: Marciano Los Angeles blouse, $118; Sacai at Cielo skirt, $880; Mounser earrings, $225; Valentino Garavani boots, $2,775; Trademark bag, $528 Right: Marciano Los Angeles blouse, $118; Coach 1941 knit top, $295; Michael Michael Kors pants, $88; The Kooples hat, $225; The Kooples belt, $175; Bally Shoes, $790; Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello bag, price upon request.How to rework this printed blouse from Monday to Tuesday: Replace your pants with a skirt. Go the extra mile and switch up your footwear too, swapping a kitten heel for thigh-high boots. For those of you who just love to wear black, the monochromatic moody tones offer the same ease, but with a fashun effect.Left: Tibi jacket, $895; Tibi pants, $495; Marc Jacobs top, $425; BaubleBar earrings, $38; Francesco Russo shoes, $760 Right: Marc Jacobs top, $425; Ulla Johnson skirt, $575;  Ulla Johnson boot, $950; BaubleBar earrings, $38; Proenza Schouler bag; $2,795.The hue is a major fall trend, so you'll find plenty of bottoms in this color from your favorite retailers. For lazy days when you're all about comfort, go for corduroys with white sneakers. On days when you want to feel a bit fancy, slip into a pair of knee-high leather boots and add a baby bag.Left: Longchamp coat, $2,670; Marciano Los Angeles blouse, $118; Cinq à Sept knit top, $295; Polo Ralph Lauren pants, $245; BaubleBar earrings, $58; Chanel scarf, $475; Bally shoes, $395 Right: Longchamp coat, $2,670; Marciano Los Angeles blouse, $118; Carven skirt, $990; Jonathan Simkhai x Eye M by Ileana Makri earrings, $400; Altuzarra boots, $1,495; Coach 1941 bag, $450.Can you spot the button-down? This piece practically gets buried in the avalanche of layers, but that's what makes both looks work. Don't make the blouse the center of attention. Instead, layer it under or over another knitted shirt. Once you have the top portion of your outfit figured out, alternate between pants and skirt, color and monochrome to complete the ensemble.Left: Yves Salomon jacket, $2,700; Salvatore Ferragamo blue top, $760; Cinq à Sept knit top, $295; A.L.C. pants, $425; Dior sunglasses, $415; Gucci shoes, $890; Chloé handbag, $1,850 Right: Yves Salomon jacket, $2,700; Salvatore Ferragamo blue top, $760; Adam Lippes knit top, $750, Adam Lippes knit skirt, $750; Salvatore Ferragamo boots, $1,590; Michael by Michael Kors bag, $378.This season, instead of instinctively reverting to my classic sweater-and-jeans combo, I'm swapping the denim out for a midi skirt or plaid trousers. The first outfit is one I've seen on some of my favorite bloggers—the boho look is perfect for brunch or a night out. So as not to appear frumpy, make sure the sweater doesn't overwhelm your frame. The second look is professional yet comfortable, a win-win.Left: Ulla Johnson sweater, $465; Cinq à Sept knit top, $295; Sies Marjan skirt, $1,295; Coach 1941 boots, $650; Fendi bag, $3,980 Right: Ulla Johnson sweater, $465; Isabel Marant top, $845; Gucci pants, $1, 500; Jennifer Fisher earrings, $500; Dior shoes, $1,750; Loewe bag, $1,190.Credits: Hair, Tommy Buckett for Garnier at Traceymattingly.com; Makeup, Christopher Ardoff for Clé de Peau Beauté at art department; Manicures, Kayo Higuchi for Chanel at Bryan Bantry; Models, Ziayla at New York Models, Zaira Gonzalez at Supreme, Taylor E at State MGMT. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She wore the two-piece while celebrating Labor Day with her fam.I spent Labor Day on my couch, wishing I had the willpower to drive myself to the beach. Although my dreams of a trip failed, I was able to live vicariously through Kendall Jenner, who was having a blast on the sandy shores of Malibu. After hosting a Labor Day weekend party, which Bella Hadid attended, the 22-year-old model joined sisters Kim and Kourtney Kardashian for a dip in the ocean.Jenner walked right into the waves in a teeny-tiny green bikini from Sommer Swim. The neon two-piece featured a double-strap top and a cheeky, high-waisted bikini bottom. Like some of Jenner's past swimsuits, this neon set was surprisingly affordable—her top's only $55. Despite Jenner's access to the top designers and stylists, it appears the star has an affinity for inexpensive swimsuits. (This is lucky for those who want to emulate her style.) Jenner's worn several affordable swim pieces in the past, including this black one piece from Gooseberry and a yellow bikini from her own clothing line.If you're feeling inspired by Jenner's green bikini, shop her exact swimsuit ahead. After all, summer doesn't officially end until September 22, which means I still have time to make that beach trip.Sommer Swim "Daria" top, $55 SHOP ITSommer Swim "Rocha" bottom, $49 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Set a cal reminder for September 6.Kylie Jenner's following in her big sister Kendall's footsteps by officially joining the Adidas family. The 21-year-old announced last week that Jenner has become an Adidas ambassador, while modeling the German brand's chunky new "Falcon" sneakers on Instagram. While Jenner's exact style is currently sold out—a black and light pink combo—the kicks are expected to restock on Sept. 6. According to the brand's website, the "Falcon" is based off '90s running designs and the "carefree, rebellious spirit of that decade's art, music and fashion."Since dad sneakers are heavily trending, it's a given that Adidas has also tapped into this market and chosen Kylie as its main face to rep the new shoes. The youngest of the Jenner-Kardashian clan, she has 114 million Instagram followers and is reportedly on track to becoming the youngest-self-made billionaire. (Not to mention, Jenner reportedly also gets paid 1 million dollar per Instagram post...and I count five Adidas sneaker images, so far.)Jenner clearly loves her Adidas, however, as she's been rocking various styles on social media. Her favorite way to wear sneakers is either with a body-con dress/jumpsuit or with sweatpants. Though she's only repping the "Falcon" sneakers for now, it's only a matter of time before she designs a shoe for the brand.  A D I D A S #FALCON #ADIDAS_AMBASSADOR #CREATEDWITHADIDAS @ADIDASORIGINALS CHECK OUT ADIDAS.COM/FALCONA post shared by  Kylie ✨ (@kyliejenner) on Aug 29, 2018 at 9:30am PDT chillin in my @fashionnovaA post shared by  Kylie ♥️ (@kyliejenner) on Aug 16, 2018 at 9:55am PDT ready for the weekendA post shared by  Kylie ✨ (@kyliejenner) on Aug 30, 2018 at 6:39pm PDTA post shared by Kylie ♥️ (@kyliejenner) on Aug 25, 2018 at 9:43am PDTA post shared by Kylie ✨ (@kyliejenner) on Aug 14, 2018 at 7:47pm PDT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Here's how their similar gowns and hairstyles compare.Since May 19, 2018, achieving the ‘Meghan Markle look’ has probably been the single instruction from thousands of brides to their wedding dress designers, hairstylists, and makeup artists. Her perfectly simple and elegant choices for the royal wedding were nothing less than perfect, so it’s no surprise that even real life princesses of the world seem to be emulating the Markle bridal aesthetic themselves.Photographs from the gorgeous wedding of Deniz Kaya, now officially titled Princess Deniz of Bavaria, were shared online this weekend, and it appears that Meghan may have unknowingly played a huge part in inspiring the beautiful bride’s appearance for her big day. Everything from her sleek updo, to her fresh, minimal makeup, and even her scooped dress silhouette, seems to have a distinct touch of the Duchess of Sussex about it.Pictured at the church in St Mortiz, Switzerland, Princess Deniz wore an ivory lace gown with long sleeves and a wide boat neckline that showed her shoulders, very similar to the unusual Givenchy cut that Meghan chose for her own royal wedding back in May. It's a game of spot the difference between their bridal hairstyles too, as Princess Deniz emulated the Duchess’s relaxed, gathered low bun, complete with center parting and a barely-there makeup look that gave a natural, understated  glow to her skin. While there was no traditional tiara for this weekend’s bride, the luxurious diamond earrings, the veil, and the cream-colored floral bouquet are all comparable to Meghan’s choices. Princess Deniz’s young flower girls were even wearing Princess Charlotte-esque white flower garlands for the ceremony.Princess Deniz of Bavaria (no not Genovia, that’s The Princess Diaries) is now married to Prince Konstantin of Bavaria, after their wedding at the Eglise au Bois. The ceremony was celebrated with a selection of glamorous, high society guests and royalty including Princess Sofia of Sweden.It remains to be seen whether the next royal wedding in the cards—that of Princess Eugenie and Jack Brooksback—will feature any Harry and Meghan-inspired touches, but next time one of your friends gets married, it might be fun to play ‘Spot the Meghan Markle influence’.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Elle Fanning looked beautiful in Miu Miu.The Venice International Film Festival is the oldest film festival in the world, and it's one of the most high-profile events celebrities attend every year. Similar to Cannes, stars show up in their best designer gowns and jewels, ready to promote the heck out of their movies. Emma Stone and Naomi Watts were some of the first celebs to walk the Venice red carpet, though it won't be long before more A-listers arrive. (The film festival officially concludes on September 8.) To give you a sense of who might be in attendance, last year's red carpet arrivals included George and Amal Clooney, Jennifer Lawrence, Alicia Vikander, Natalie Portman, and Kristen Stewart. Scroll through our favorite best-dressed people, so far. In Miu MiuIn Dior Couture dress, Messika Paris jewelry In DiorIn Schiaparelli CoutureIn Dior dress, a Jennifer Fisher ringIn Giorgio Armani PrivéIn Louis VuittonIn Valentino CoutureIn ErdemIn Giorgio Armani PrivéIn Giorgio Armani PrivéIn Giorgio Armani and Chopard.In Versace. In Valentino.In Armani.In Armani.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			When it comes to over-the-top red carpet fashion, there really isn't anyone out there who does it better than Lady Gaga. The singer-turned-actress may have calmed down on the statement-making style thing since her meat dress days, but she still knows how to turn every head on a photo line.This weekend, Gaga (real name Stefani Germanotta) stepped out at the Venice Film Festival for the premiere screening of her upcoming film, A Star Is Born. The movie is buzzy AF, but Gaga's dress rivals the film as thing-most-worth-talking-about from the premiere. Behold: The very full, feathery, pale pink Valentino ballgown makes Gaga look like a walking stick of cotton candy—in the best and chicest way that it's possible to look like a circus snack. Surprisingly, it's possible to look very chic while channeling pink, spun sugar. And, like her sugary sweet inspiration, spin she did (as you MUST in a dress like that):Gaga walked the carpet with her costar and director, Bradley Cooper. The pair have been more or less inseparable (in a professional sense) since filming on the highly-anticipated project began. Early reviews of A Star Is Born (which is the third remake of the original 1937 film of the same name) are absolutely glowing and the audience at the Venice Film Festival screening applauded the movie with an eight-minute standing ovation, according to Variety.Interest in the film, which is about a country singer who discovers (and falls in love with) a young new talent as his career is waning, has only been growing, as shooting has taken place at events like Coachella. It's also already getting Oscar buzz, which is unsurprising considering the reviews and the film festival love. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			So long to The Summer of Engagements. If you're not lying on the beach and reminiscing about the end of summer this Labor Day weekend, you might as well grab your laptop and shop all of the amazing Labor Day sales that brands are having—including Saks. The luxury retailer has marked down clothing, shoes, and accessories up to 75 percent off. Peruse the best pieces under $200 that are perfect for fall, below. Loeffler Randall, $395 $158 SHOP ITMilly, $285 $107SHOP ITVita Fede, $265 $140 SHOP ITVince, $225 $90 SHOP ITClergerie, $495 $198 SHOP IT3.1 Phillip Lim, $495 $198SHOP ITVince, $195 $78 SHOP ITKnowlita, $95 $42 SHOP ITSchutz, $420 $168 SHOP ITElizabeth and James, $395 $158 SHOP ITCole Haan, $300 $120SHOP ITRebecca Minkoff, $195 $137SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She shines from every angle. The fashion at the 75th Venice Film Festival is heating up. Celebrities are arriving in Italy to promote their films and bringing their best designer gowns for the occasion. One star in particular has been dominating the red carpet: Emma Stone. On Thursday, the actress arrived to a screening of her new film, The Favourite, while wearing a mesmerizing semi-sheer embroidered dress. The 28-year-old star looked radiant in her customized Louis Vuitton gown, which was originally just a sheer jacket from the resort 2019 collection. To keep things modest on the red carpet, Stone wore nude undergarments (or perhaps a bodysuit?) under the sheer ensemble and finished the look with a pair of metallic strappy heels. She swept her hair up and off her shoulders, opting for some loose waves to frame her face.Stone's an ambassador for Louis Vuitton, first repping their handbags, and now, most recently, appearing in the luxury house's first fragrance film campaign. It's no surprise then that the actress chose to wear the label to one of the biggest film festivals of the year. (The VFF is considered one of the "big threes," alongside the Cannes Film Festival and the Berlin International Film Festival.)Ahead, see a photo of Stone's original jacket-turned-dress, then prepare to obsess over her stunning red carpet snaps.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			But the Queen has been spotted in it before.The Duchess of Sussex and the Duchess of Cambridge always deliver when it comes to wearing sleek, sophisticated fashion. Meghan Markle and Kate Middleton never let us down with their ability to dress in a suitably sophisticated manner that’s fit for royalty, but they’re also not afraid to keep things fun and fresh with an injection of bright color every now and again. Remember Kate’s sunshine yellow Dolce and Gabbana dress at Wimbledon this summer? Or how about Meghan’s blush pink sleeveless trench at the Nelson Mandela Centenary Exhibition?But, while the two Duchesses are more than happy to step out in a selection of vibrant shades for public appearances, there is apparently one color in particular that you’ll most likely NEVER see either of them wear while out representing the royal family. Harpers Bazaar Australia made the interesting observation that neither Kate nor Meghan have ever opted for wearing orange.There’s not any kind of obscure, 300-year-old royal tradition dictating that orange is strictly off the cards for the royal family, however. It’s actually just more of an unspoken, celebrity-based decision as. According to The Express, it’s widely known amongst famous fashionistas that a bright orange look will never photographs well, and is usually avoided at all costs. Now that you’re thinking about it, when was the last time you saw any celebrity wear a shade of tangerine? Exactly.Orange might be off the table for Kate and Meghan, but it’s an entirely different matter for Queen Elizabeth II. She’s not like a regular queen, she’s a cool queen—so you really think she’s going to worry about unofficial dress codes like the rest of us? Here she is, looking like a total um… queen, in head to toe Orange with a capital O on just one of a handful of occasions. Eat your heart out, Orange Is The New Black, her Majesty did it first.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Winning in style.On Wednesday night, Serena Williams won her second match at the U.S. Open against German pro Carina Witthöft. Williams wore another tutu, this time a one-shoulder lavender piece, also from the Virgil Abloh x Nike for Serena Williams line. Underneath her tutu ensemble, she wore a pair of black fishnet tights. Several Twitter users pointed out that this pair could be compression tights—a type of footwear she's worn numerous times in the past to prevent blood clots. In an interview with NPR, Williams revealed that she suffered post-pregnancy complications—blood clots in her lungs— and that she nearly died from the experience. "I've had a lot of problems with my blood clots, God I don't know how many I've had in the past 12 months," she said at a May conference. "I've been wearing pants in general a lot when I play so I can keep the blood circulation going."Hence the famous catsuit she wore back in May at the French Open. Since then, however, The French Tennis Federation president, Bernard Giudicelli, announced a controversial catsuit ban from future French Opens. Williams gracefully addressed Giudicelli's comments over the weekend and said, "Everything’s fine, guys," while sharing she found other ways, a.k.a. the black tights, to address her health issues.At the U.S. Open on Monday, where Williams won her first match, she wore a black tutu from the Nike x Virgil collab, Nike trainers, and her fishnet compression tights. Don't worry. Nothing will keep Williams down.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's the symbol of a new era.Hedi Slimane's debut bag for Céline is finally here, and Lady Gaga is the first star to own one. According to Gaga's stylist, Tom Eerebout, Slimane, who is the creative director of the French fashion house, "gifted" the singer the Céline handbag (errr, can I be Gaga?). The piece will be presented as part of Slimane's first collection for the luxury label in September at Paris Fashion Week.Gaga seems taken with the structured bag, first pairing it with an all-black outfit then styling it with an orange body-con dress and Ray-Ban sunglasses on Thursday. In fact, the star posted not one, but two Instagram photos that proudly displayed her new accessory. Based off a close up shot from Gaga, Céline fans will notice that the new design differs from its popular luggage tote (a legacy of Phoebe Philo, who was Céline's creative director from 2008 to 2018). The new Slimane design is sleek, shiny, and more polished than its predecessors."Lady Gaga always supported Hedi at Saint Laurent," said Eerebout to Business of Fashion. "They're really close friends and they have been since he photographed her for 'The Fame Monster' album cover."Given that they're such good friends, it's no surprise Gaga's the first to wear any of Slimane's designs. Back in 2012, she was the first celebrity to wear a full Saint Laurent SS '13 look by the designer (he was YSL's creative director from 2012 to 2016) and in 2016, she was again the first to wear this gold sequin mini dress from Slimane's final YSL couture collection.A post shared by Lady Gaga (@ladygaga) on Aug 30, 2018 at 4:48am PDTA post shared by Lady Gaga (@ladygaga) on Aug 30, 2018 at 4:48am PDTA post shared by Lady Gaga (@ladygaga) on Aug 30, 2018 at 4:49am PDTWhile Gaga enjoys her new monogrammed bag, the rest of us will just have to wait a little longer for its public release.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			There's nothing I'd rather be doing.It's Labor Day weekend, which means not only do you get that three-day break, but often times your favorite retailers launch major sale promos. Today, The Outnet kicks off its 50 percent off sale on some of its already marked down items. You can buy designer items like a pair of Diane von Furstenberg heels for $75 (the original mark up was $298!) and anything else your heart desires. Before everything's sold out (the sale ends Monday, September 3), we've gathered our top pieces under $200 for you to shop.Love Moschino striped shirt, $349 $157Plus an additional 50 percent off.SHOP ITAlexander Wang metallic sandals, $450 $202Plus an additional 50 percent off.SHOP ITStella McCartney swimsuit, $425 $182Plus an additional 50 percent off.SHOP ITThierry Lasry, $525 $236Plus an additional 50 percent off.SHOP ITCinq à Sept dress, $395 $197Plus an additional 50 percent off.SHOP ITDKNY pajama set, $78 $39Plus an additional 50 percent off.SHOP ITAnna Sui floral print jumpsuit, $575 $172Plus an additional 50 percent off.SHOP ITA.P.C. slim-leg jeans, $210 $123Plus an additional 50 percent off.SHOP ITDiane von Furstenberg leather sandals, $298 $149Plus an additional 50 percent off.SHOP ITIris & Ink satin-twill dress, $195Plus an additional 50 percent off.SHOP ITIris & ink mini shirt dress, $135Plus an additional 50 percent off.SHOP ITKenneth Jay Lane earrings, $90 $39Plus an additional 50 percent off.SHOP ITJ Brand corduroy pants, $198 $99Plus an additional 50 percent off.SHOP ITW118 by Walter Baker, $148 $74Plus an additional 50 percent off.SHOP ITDiane von Furstenberg clutch, $230 $115Plus an additional 50 percent off.SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It actually makes a lot of sense. Yesterday, Kensington Palace announced that Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's wedding outfits will go on display at Windsor Castle in a couple months and the Palace of Holyroodhouse, the Queen's official residence in Edinburgh, in 2019. The exhibition will be titled, “A Royal Wedding: The Duke and Duchess of Sussex," and the public will be able to see Meghan's gorgeous Givenchy gown, designed by  Clare Waight Keller, in person.However, there's a very important outfit missing: Meghan's Stella McCartney wedding dress that she changed into for the evening reception. So, why isn't Meghan giving up her white halter gown? According to a spokesperson for the Royal Collection Trust, who spoke to Hello!, since the reception was technically a private affair (as much as we all felt like we were there), Meghan has decided to keep her dress secured for her own viewing. Granted, she probably also wants to keep some aspects of her wedding day to herself. No need to fret, though. Meghan's Givenchy gown is completely swoon-worthy with its 16-ft. veil and custom floral embroidery that represents the 53 countries that make up the Commonwealth. Plus, in the exhibition it will be accompanied by Meghan's diamond and platinum bandeau tiara that the Queen lent to her new granddaughter—officially on display for the first time ever. The bandeau was originally made in 1932 for the Queen's grandmother, and the brooch dates back to 1893.  Meghan and Harry's wedding outfits will be on display from October 26-January 6. Adult tickets cost about $25 after the Euro conversion, and about $23 for students and people over the age of 60. Buy tickets to the exhibition here.  		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Meghan is also obsessed with the label.After a whirlwind engagement party in India, Priyanka Chopra and Nick Jonas  are back to business in the States. Over the weekend, the couple grabbed brunch at Nobu in Malibu, California, and yesterday Chopra stepped out solo for a meeting in Beverly Hills. The 36-year-old actress stepped out in a knitted cropped cardigan, which was left unbuttoned to reveal a knitted crop top. The Aritzia "Babaton" piece is only $58 and comes in seven additional colors, though it seemed Chopra liked white the best. She finished off the outfit with a pair of Nanushka lavender jeans, PVC heels, and a white Pop & Suki bag. If Chopra's Aritzia top sounded familiar, it's because this Canadian-based brand also has another devotee: Meghan Markle. The Duchess of Sussex owns a dress, belt, and trench coat from the label, though I'm sure she probably now has more Aritzia pieces in her royal wardrobe. (Guesses on if Meghan introduced her BFF Chopra to this brand?)Though the pair hasn't been spotted together publicly—Chopra's on the other side of the pond for now—I'm betting it won't be long before she calls Meghan up for wedding advice. After all, Meghan did have the wedding of the year.Aritzia Babaton knit top, $58 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Two Duchesses, two contrasting fashion choices.With Prince William and Kate Middleton and Prince Harry and Meghan Markle being dubbed the inseparable Royal Fab Four these days, the Duchess of Cambridge and the Duchess of Sussex have become increasingly close. They’ve provided each other with support and friendship since Meghan and Harry first began dating and, let’s face it, they're the only two people in the world who can really understand what the other must go through in their new, whirlwind lives as part of the royal family.But, while the Duchesses undoubtedly have a lot in common, their individual sense of style has always been quite different. It’s never more apparent than when the two are side by side, but you can also spot the contrast when comparing what Kate and Meghan both chose to wear for similar appearances on their Duchess timeline. For example, their choices for theater-ready fashion could really not be more different, as illustrated when Meghan and Prince Harry attended last night’s Hamilton gala performance together.The Duchess of Sussex opted for a black tuxedo dress from Judith and Charles with long-sleeves and a fitted silhouette. Her dress hit above the knee (quel horreur!) and was one of her most daring outfits to date. She looked modern and superbly on trend in the sleek ensemble, which she paired with Paul Andrew black heels and a golden metallic box clutch to provide a cool edge.But, back in April 2017, Kate chose a completely contrasting aesthetic for her attendance at another London West End performance. Last year she appeared at a royal gala performance of 42nd Street, wearing an endlessly elegant, demure, and feminine crimson midi dress by Marchesa. It had capped sleeves and a flared fit that any Disney princess would be envious of, and the romantic, ladylike dress was styled with matching statement earrings and her signature, shining blow out.Either way, they both look consistently stunning in their own, unique styles of dress. Plus, we all know that opposites attract when it comes to any kind of friendship—how many times as your friend looked amazing in an outfit that you'd never even consider? 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It was actually a pretty controversial choice.Having spent the summer away from the public eye, it was a given that Duchess of Sussex Meghan Markle would return to work with a fashion moment to make up for lost time—and she didn’t disappoint. Last night she and Prince Harry attended a gala performance of Hamilton in aid of the Sentebale charity, and little did royal fans know that Meghan had opted against formal dresses in favor of a much cooler look. The Duchess chose a killer black tuxedo dress from Judith and Charles and, in terms of royal family fashion, it was pretty bold.While super sophisticated, modern and elegant, the dress inevitably raised a few eyebrows as, *shock horror* the short length hit above the knee, meaning that all of the UK tabloid headlines this morning are now screaming in outrage about "Meg’s legs." In 2018. Sure.Not only did the dress make a strong style statement compared to past Duchess looks, but it also inadvertently disproved a long-standing rumor about royal family fashion protocol. Meghan opted for no tights with the stunning dress, showing a whole lot of bare leg—which goes firmly against all past reports that the Queen insists on tights or stockings at all times for female royal family members in their public appearances. Past outfits from Meghan seemed to suggest that she’d fallen victim to the rule, after she opted for midi dresses and stockings for various events, including her look for  Prince Charles’ 70th birthday.However, the tights/stockings/pantyhose rule seems to still be hazy ground if you ask the people in the know. Royal correspondent for The Sun Emily Andrews tweeted that Meghan has firmly put the protocol idea to rest, writing: “Meghan is wearing a fierce dress & earrings & NOT WEARING TIGHTS (shock). So that puts paid to all the complete rubbish ‘she has to wear tights now she’s a royal’.”Meanwhile, royal expert Victoria Arbiter insisted to INSIDER: "You never see a royal without their nude stockings. Meghan, from what I can see from the engagement photographs, it doesn't look like she was wearing tights or stockings. I would say that's really the only hard, steadfast rule in terms of what the Queen requires.”In conclusion, Meghan seems to care less than we do, and we should probably all get out more.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			This was definitely less stressful than a rose ceremony.When I received an email about Bachelorette alum JoJo Fletcher's new clothing line, I immediately Slacked my coworkers about it. I don't follow the Bachelor franchise as closely as some of my colleagues, having only watched Ben Higgins season and then Fletcher's follow-up, but even I knew the fashion line was primed for the super-fan community. Fletcher has that undeniable cool-girl style and the personality to be a star beyond the ABC series—she has  2.2 million Instagram followers alone. After finding love with Jordan Rodgers in 2016, Fletcher and her man moved in together in Dallas, Texas. She ventured into the business world, flipping houses in her spare time and collaborating with Dermalogica on a limited-edition skin kit for "besties." Her ultimate brand baby, however, has been her debut fashion line, Fletch, which officially launched in June and offers fans a chance to finally obtain her coveted style. "I created Fletch to help every girl feel even more badass and beautiful than they already are," she tells me via email. "I wanted to create a line of signature pieces that I’d want to wear all summer long, and at an affordable price."  @Shopfletch launch party!! So. Beyond. Happy. 💃🏻🍷#sofletchA post shared by  JoJo Fletcher (@joelle_fletcher) on Jun 27, 2018 at 9:42pm PDTThe current summer collection features trendy skirts, dresses, jumpsuits, and more, with prices ranging from $34 to $148. I thought it was fitting that the website had a category called "date-night," as Fletcher's been through dozens of dates...publicly. (The date-night category has since been replaced by "Chill, Babe." and "Comfy + Causal.")So, I tapped my fellow Bachelorette-loving colleagues and sister to play dress up in Fletcher's clothes and go on dates with their SOs. It wasn't hard finding enthusiastic volunteers—the Bachelor community is massive—but despite offering pieces in sizes XS to XXL, several women who wanted to participate couldn't find anything that fit them. If there's one pain point for fans, it's that the line could stand to be more inclusive. (Perhaps we will see more sizes in future Fall/Winter collections?)Although no roses were given out on our dates, I thought everyone was a winner in their amazing outfits. Without further ado, the looks...and the men!"Woon and I had double-date plans at Clinton Street Bakery (this delicious brunch spot in NYC), which was the perfect excuse to wear this casual rose-printed minidress. I styled it with Krewe sunglasses and a denim jacket even though it was 90 degrees outside. (I thought the restaurant would be cold; it wasn't.) I wore my white Soludos espadrille flats with the dress for the ultimate summertime vibe. When I asked Woon what he thought about the outfit, he said, 'it's very Marina,' so I took that as a compliment. To top it all off, he accidentally matched me because this pink shirt was one of the only ones that paired well with his pants. I always wear shorts under my minidresses, but I forgot this time around and I felt a wee bit exposed. Luckily, it wasn't windy that day. The dress fit my 5'4 frame comfortably, but I imagine the garment would feel a lot shorter on someone taller or curvier. Overall, this was an effortless dress to wear for brunch on a lazy Sunday." —MarinaShop Marina's exact dress: Fletch Rose Print Sundress, $124 "My first thought as I unpacked the jumpsuit from JoJo Fletcher’s 'date night' category: This is...a lot. Scarlet red. With a high neckline. And a strappy back. And flare-cut legs. Any one of those features puts me a little bit outside my fashion comfort zone, let alone all in one item of clothing. But I love The Bachelor/ette franchise, and JoJo in particular. And, well, I was given this assignment for work, so wear it I would.I happened to be heading off that week on vacation, spending one night in Monaco. If I couldn’t wear this outfit in Monte Carlo, a place where every other car is a Maserati and the median household income is 'filthy rich' (and where no one I knew—except my boyfriend—would see me being an incredible poser), where could I wear it?It turns out all of my hesitations were unwarranted. The jumpsuit, despite how much it has going on, works. Luckily, I’m tall (a little over 5’8”) and not curvy (never thought I’d be glad of that), which meant the piece fit my body type. (I realize I am in the minority here, and that’s something JoJo should work on.) The sash at the waist actually gave me one, and the crisscross straps highlighted my back—a part of my body I like showing off. When I emerged from the bathroom, ready to head out on our date, my boyfriend’s eyes lit up. 'Wow!' he said, and later complimented my backside. We had a pretty unforgettable date (though I have to give the setting some credit for that, too). Sorry for doubting you, JoJo, you know your stuff." —DanielleShop Danielle's exact jumpsuit: Fletch Mojave Jumpsuit, $148 "I wore this dress on a date with my boyfriend of a year, during a visit to an unexpectedly classy Italian restaurant. (Seriously, we just searched 'pasta' on Google Maps and started walking.) I couldn’t quite figure out what to do with the sleeves, so I let them hang down by my upper arms and hoped for the best. This worked fine—except I risked flashing the entire (aforementioned classy) Italian restaurant if I didn’t wear a bra, and if I did, then my bra straps were just hanging out around my biceps. (With the benefit of hindsight, a strapless bra might have been the answer.)Panic over potential public nudity aside, I did like this dress a lot. It was light and floaty and fit well. It would have been perfect for a summer wedding, and if I have any cocktail-attire summer weddings coming up that I’ve forgotten about, this dress will be my first choice. I will probably investigate the strapless bra situation before committing to this, though." —Jenny Shop Jenny's exact dress: Fletch Tulip Print Mini Dress, $129"I decided to wear this dress to celebrate Frank’s birthday. We ate at Bohemian, which is a modern Japanese restaurant in NYC's East Village. I paired this dress with my Chanel classic slingback sandals, a nude cross body bag (not pictured), and stud earrings because I wanted the dress to feel semi-casual. I then made us pose against a white wall–I used Beyoncé's OOTD shots as inspo. The dress has a lot of special details like the ruffles, built-in sash, and a split skirt, but my favorite part was the one-shoulder strap. Frank really liked the midriff cutout and when we walked down the street, a stranger shamelessly yelled 'Dayummm, girl' at me. That was really awkward, but I guess the dress was a hit all around? While I felt cute in the look, the strap on my right side (the one that appeared to be 'falling off') was a little constricting, especially when I tried to raise my arms. But, it does look GREAT in photos. I also usually only wear black outfits, but when Frank saw me in this red dress, he said he felt like he got the 'final rose'...maybe I found my new date-night staple?" —DianaShop Diana's exact dress: Fletch Lola Ruffle Dress, $124		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's her most daring look to date. Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have laid low throughout the summer, but tonight they made a special public appearance in London to watch Hamilton. The duo are attending the show in an effort to raise funds for the Sentebale charity, an organization close to Prince Harry's heart. (The charity works with young people affected by HIV and AIDS in Lesotho and Botswana.) When you're a royal, you can't properly go to the theater without dressing up. So while Prince Harry wore a black-and-white suit, the Duchess of Sussex opted for a black tuxedo dress from Judith and Charles. The long-sleeve ensemble, surprisingly, hit above the knee and was one of her most daring outfits to date. Despite the short length, she looked modern and sophisticated in the sleek ensemble, which she paired with Paul Andrew black heels.This dress was quite different than her modest, fit-and-flare navy Carolina Herrera dress, which she wore last month to the Royal Berkshire Polo Club in support of another Sentebale event. The royal always has an affinity for polished pieces and tonight's look stayed true to her elegant style.This is the second time Prince Harry and Meghan have watched Hamilton (jealous!)—they attended a show last year for Valentine's Day. (Meghan has also seen the show before with BFF Priyanka Chopra.) Tonight is extra special, however, because they're Lin-Manuel Miranda's guests of honor. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex at @HamiltonWestEnd pic.twitter.com/3UbF9w6GAAThe couple will also meet the cast/crew on the stage of London’s Victoria Palace Theatre and address the audience. Even with all the cameras and people watching, Meghan had nothing to worry about—she looked absolutely beautiful.Shop Meghan's exact dress, below.Judith & Charles tuxedo dress, $595 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Alexa, play "Work" by Rihanna.New shopping game alert: Spend a dollar for every minute you've worked at the office past 6 p.m.—but feel less bad about it by perusing the best Labor Day deals on clothing, shoes, and accessories, below. Summer may be officially coming to an end ::sobs::, but at least there's a new fall wardrobe to look forward to. Date: August 31–September 9Discount: Up to 40 percent off summer styles, transitional pieces, and fall essentials, including brands like Equipment, FILA, Joie, J.Crew, Rag & Bone, and moreSHOP Prep your closet for the season ahead. #nsale #sweatersA post shared by  Nordstrom (@nordstrom) on Aug 2, 2018 at 4:44pm PDTDate: August 27–30Discount: 20 percent off everything SHOPDate: August 29–September 3Discount: An extra 40 percent off sale styles with code: SUNSET18 SHOPDate: July 25–September 4Discount: 70 percent off sale items SHOPDate: September 2–3 Discount: Two-day free shippingDate: August 30–September 3 Discount: 30 percent off and free shipping (some exclusions may apply) Date: August 28–September 3Discount: 25 percent off select lines Date: Now–September 3Discount: Additional 25 percent off sale itemsSHOPDate: September 3 Discount: 30 percent off full-price items with code: LD17 Date: August 30–September 3Discount: 50 percent off all jeans, dresses, tees, sweatshirts, and hoodies; jeans from $15, dresses from $14, tees from $6, sweatshirts & hoodies from $12Date: Now-September 3Discount: 40 percent off entire site along with $40 donation to the Alzheimer’s Association for every order using code: 40for40SHOPDate: August 30–September 30Discount: Extra 50 percent off select styles SHOP || POPLIN PEPLUM || Pair a structured shirt with statement earrings for an effortlessly cool daytime look #THEOUTNET  Shop all your favorite Instagram looks, just visit #linkinbio 👆A post shared by  THE OUTNET (@theoutnet) on Aug 26, 2018 at 9:01am PDTDate: August 30–September 3Discount: 20 percent off your purchase when you buy two pairs of flip flops or more (available in-store and online)SHOPDate: September 3 Discount: Additional 10 percent off all sale styles SHOPDate: August 30–September 3Discount: 40 percent off everything SHOPDate: August 29–September 4Discount: 20 percent off regular and sale items in-store and online. Plus, additional offers, including buy one, get one 50 percent off denim, 25 percent off select dresses, and 20 percent off regular and sale items with code: LABORDAYDate: August 31–September 3 Discount: 35 percent off everything SHOPDate: August 31–September 3 Discount: Extra 25 percent off clearance in-store and online with code: LABORDAY SHOPDate: September 2–4Discount: Up to 75 percent off online and in-storeSHOP Leave it to @reesewitherspoon to add extra sunshine to our day.🌻Link in bio to shop our Fleurette Sleeve Sweater dress. 💛A post shared by  Draper James (@draperjames) on Aug 24, 2018 at 10:39am PDTDate: August 27–September 3Discount:  Buy $75+, get 20 percent off; Buy $100+, get 20 percent off; Buy $150+, get 30 percent off with code: LBRDY SHOPDate: August 31–September 4Discount: Up to 50 percent off, plus free shippingSHOPDate: September 1–4Discount: 20 percent off $100+; 25 percent off $150+; 30 percent off $200+, excluding Alber Elbaz x LeSportsac collaboration SHOP “Alber’s enthuastic perspective on life – and thus to design – makes this collaboration so special. His warmth, humor and optimism are a perfect fit with our brand personality.  He has created empowering designs that encourage us to have fun and laugh more” LeSportsac Creative Director D’Arcy Jensen @bag_ette  Campaign:  Photographer: @sebkimstudio Agency: @dmaunited Stylist: @katie_mossman Choreographer: @emmachadwick___  #nowornever #alberelbazxlesportsacA post shared by  LeSportsac (@lesportsac) on Aug 12, 2018 at 3:26pm PDTDate: August 28–September 4Discount: Select merchandise on sale SHOPDate: Now–September 3 Discount: 50 percent off already marked-down stylesSHOPDate: August 29-September 4Discount: Purchase two items and get 20 percent off, three items and get 30 percent off, or four items or more 40 percent off using code: SAVEMORESHOPDate: Now-September 3Discount: 30-50 percent off select products, plus 30 percent off clearance SHOPDate: August 30-September 2Discount: 30 percent off select items using code: LDW30 SHOPDate: September 3Discount: Deals up to 80 percent off SHOPDate: August 29-September 3Discount: 20 percent off full priced orders of $50+SHOPDate: August 30-September 3Discount: 20 percent off purchases of $150+ in-store and onlineSHOPDate: August 30-September 3; September 1-3 Discount: 30 percent off full-priced dresses; 50 percent off highest-priced itemSHOPDate: August 31-September 4 Discount: $50 off purchase of $250, $100 off purchase of $500, and $250 off purchase of $1,000 or moreSHOPDate: August 30-September 4Discount: 30 percent off in-store and online using code: SAVE30SHOPDate: August 31-September 3Discount: 20 percent off sitewideSHOPDate: August 30-September 3Discount: 10 percent through 60 percent off across the home & living, clothing, jewelry, weddings, vintage, and craft supplies categoriesSHOPThis post will be updated with more sales as they become available. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Outfit ideas that move from commute to yoga class to afternoon meeting.Mentally raise your hand if you've ever looked at your workout clothes and wished, so badly, that you could just wear them to the office. Between the technical advancements and the fashion-focused design of what we put into our gym bags, fitness wear is at an all-time high—and it's starting to become harder and harder to figure out why we shouldn't be wearing it straight into real life.Wonder no more. Athleta has bridged the gap with its new Commute/Work line, a collection designed specifically with the office (and getting there) in mind. Some shapes look like standard workout gear—leggings!—while button-downs, knits, and wide-leg trousers have more in common aesthetically with ready-to-wear.Below, our favorites with notes on how to wear them into work.Wear leggings with tailored classicsAthleta Track Tux Tight, $89SHOP NOWWorn with: Athleta NOPA Shirt, $79, athleta.com; Equipment Blazer, $538, shopbop.com; Vince Ankle Boots, $395, vince.com; H&M Bag, $30, hm.comIf you're active beyond the walls of a workout studio, it's imperative that your clothes move with you. Ninety-nine percent of the reasons we love leggings translate for IRL wearing too: They're easy to move in, comfortable, and make a neutral base for styling. A classic button-down shirt and menswear-inspired blazer take them to work seamlessly. Worn untucked, the top gives the length needed for a bit of extra coverage (key to making curve-hugging leggings office appropriate). Flat ankle boots are professional without majorly contrasting against the pants' sporty vibe.Find trousers you can move inAthleta Gramercy Track Trouser, $108SHOP NOWWorn with: Tibi Blouse, $375, saks.com; Athleta Sweater, $98, athleta.com; Aldo Oxfords, $75, aldoshoes.comAthleisure designers are fluent in ready-to-wear silhouettes, remaking classic go-tos in smart fabrics. Wide-leg trousers, typically done in heavy wool, are easy to move in when rethought in a material that's breathable, quick-drying, and wrinkle-resistant. These are made from recycled plastic bottles to boot. Beyond being comfortable to wear, they're practical for busy, active women. With generous give, you can take an afternoon stretch break without worrying about popping seams (or creating major wrinkles).Top cropped pants with a leather jacketAthleta Wander Slim Pant, $108SHOP NOWWorn with: American Eagle Jacket, $100, ae.com; Steve Madden Loafers, $90, stevemadden.com; Topshop Bag, $68, topshop.comWhen it comes to a commute that doubles as exercise, what you wear is key. Clever designers took the best parts of leggings and brilliantly revised them with trouser detailing (like a zipper, pocket, and crisp cuts at the ankle). Wear with a lightweight sweater, leather jacket, and flats for a sophisticated look that's perfect for biking in.Style leggings as you would denimAthleta Stellar Tight, $98SHOP NOWWorn with: Adorn by J/Slides Sneakers, $140, athleta.com; Sea Tee, $80, sea-nyc.com; Current/Elliott Jacket, $298, currentelliott.com; Topshop Bag, $48, topshop.comTo wear leggings on a casual day (or always if your workplace is generally laid-back), think of them as jeans. Wear with a simple blouse, top with a denim jacket, and slip-on sneakers. The elevated, fashion feel should come via the little details. Pick skater shoes instead of lace-ups and a shoulder bag with metallic accents. Small touches, like vertical cuts at the ankle and pockets, make the leggings themselves read more like skinny jeans than workout clothes. Use a workout tank as a layering pieceAthleta Stellar Trouser, $128SHOP NOWWorn with: Athleta Tank, $39, athleta.com; COS Top and Bag, cosstores.com; Gigi Hadid for Vogue Eyewear, $140, vogue-eyewear.com; Mercedes Castillo Mules, on sale $100, nordstromrack.comYogi or not, there's something amazing about workwear that allows you to move (whether you're legitimately running to a meeting or giving your desk chair a break in favor of the floor). Seaming and waistband details done in the manner of traditional tailoring make for pants that look like proper trousers, yet retain the feel-good parts of fitness apparel.The form-fitting top you wore to a low-impact morning workout can double as the world's most perfect base layer. Keep it on after an a.m. session and top with a sculptural blouse. You can strip back down during a mid-afternoon stretch break.Shop key pieces below(Jewelry throughout from Alta Ora, Leigh Miller, Bon Heur, Luz Ortiz, Selin Kent)		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"Everything's fine, guys."Serena Williams' catsuit will be banned from future French Opens, but the tennis pro doesn't seem worried about it. Over the weekend, the superstar addressed the new rules at Williams' U.S. Open press conference, telling reporters, "I don’t know exactly what he [Bernard Giudicelli] seemed to say or what he didn't seem to say. We already talked. We have a great relationship and we talked yesterday. Everything’s fine, guys."A reporter then asked how the catsuit ban would affect her health. (Williams wears pants to play tennis in order to keep her "blood circulation going" after experiencing blood clots post-pregnancy.) The athlete responded that she has "found other methods" to handle the issue, and even slid in a quick joke about the whole controversial debate. "When it comes to fashion, you don’t want to be a repeat offender," she said. The crowd chuckled. Williams' decorous response comes a few days after Giudicelli, The French Tennis Federation president, called out her catsuit at the 2018 French Open, telling Tennis Magazine, "I think that sometimes we’ve gone too far...One must respect the game and the place." After this comment, Billie Jean King, hailed as one of the top female players of all time, tweeted that "the policing of women’s bodies must end" and called for respect for Williams. .@serenawilliams made light of the French Open banning her catsuit: pic.twitter.com/Ltyx7BUcWMNike followed suit with its own tweet, stating, "You can take the superhero out of her costume, but you can never take away her superpowers."The policing of women’s bodies must end. The “respect” that’s needed is for the exceptional talent ⁦@serenawilliams⁩ brings to the game. Criticizing what she wears to work is where the true disrespect lies.  https://t.co/ioyP9VTCxMYou can take the superhero out of her costume, but you can never take away her superpowers. #justdoit pic.twitter.com/dDB6D9nzaDLast night, Williams made her return to the U.S. Open by beating her opponent Magda Linette of Poland. She did it while wearing a Nike x Virgil Abloh ballet-inspired dress. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Younes Bendjima who?Like just about everyone else, Kourtney Kardashian loves a good vacation. Following a trip to Italy last month, the star is back on that getaway life—and this time, the destination is Cabo, Mexico. The newly single mama has been enjoying the beach and pool with her girlfriends Amanda Lee, Stephanie Shepherd (who used to be Kim Kardashian's assistant), Sarah Howard, and makeup artist Hrush Achemyan.After Kourtney posted a snap of herself in this purple metallic swimsuit, the 39-year-old followed up with a purple dress as the group made their way to Acre restaurant for dinner. Kourtney's netted, sheer dress featured neon orange pipping details and a matching belt cinched in her tiny waist. Underneath the ensemble, she wore a beige strapless bodysuit. A pair of simple hoop earrings and Stuart Weitzman nudist purple heels completed her sexy outfit.The star has been amping up the sultry factor with her vacation looks, which is no surprise now she's enjoying the single life. Earlier this month, Kourtney broke things off with Younes Bendjima after two years of dating, though it's unclear why. (Perhaps the whole Instagram comment thing played a role in the breakup?) Since then, both sides have seemingly tried to move on by taking vacations with friends, which, I think, must be a nice escape from reality. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Days after French Open officials banned the catsuit.Following the controversial French Open ban of Serena Williams' “superhero” catsuit (which, aside from looking cool as hell, was literally worn to keep her healthy and help avoid life-threatening, post-pregnancy blood clots), the tennis player took to the court for Day One of the U.S. Open yesterday in another brilliant sports style moment. With no replay allowed for her iconic all-in-one outfit, Williams instead opted for a piece from the Nike, Serena Williams and Virgil Abloh collaboration.For her first game of the tournament, the Wimbledon winner walked onto the Arthur Ashe Stadium on Monday wearing the Off-White x Nike Queen Collection asymmetrical ballet dress. Upon arrival, she styled the piece with a custom-made black leather biker jacket from the designer, and co-ordinated tennis holdall bag with the words “AKA QUEEN” suitably emblazoned across the front.Williams’ dress featured a one-shoulder silhouette, with a long left sleeve and a sheer sleeveless cut on the right, as well as the all-important, layered short tulle ballet skirt. Speaking about their collaboration, designer Abloh previously described how his creation was perfect for the player. "The dress is feminine, but combines her aggression. It's partially revealing. It's asymmetrical. It has a sort of ballerina-esque silhouette to symbolize her grace," said Abloh in a press release. "It's not about bells and whistles and tricks. It's just about it living on the body, and expressing Serena’s spirit with each swing of the racket.”Serena’s French Open catsuit, which had become a symbol of strength and resilience for the player, was banned by French Tennis Federation president Bernard Giudicelli. The official called out Williams for her one-piece, and accused of her of going “too far”. “It will no longer be accepted. One must respect the game and the place,” he told Tennis Magazine.But being a badass dancer/tennis player hybrid clearly worked out pretty well for Serena, and the new dress may just be her lucky charm. She raced through her first-round encounter against Magda Linette of Poland with 6-4, 6-0 in 70 minutes, in a victory that even warranted a prima ballerina-inspired pose for the crowds. We love a multi-faceted sports queen.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Never change, Pippa.Every woman has that one item or style of clothing she wears to death (I can personally attest to this), and celebrities—despite their access to top designers—are no different. Ariana Grande has her oversize pullovers, Kate Middleton has her skirt suits, Meghan Markle has her panama hat, and Pippa Middleton? Well, she has her wrap dresses (and wedge espadrilles).Diane von Furstenberg invented the beloved style in 1974 and sold more than five million wrap dresses by 1976. While there have been many color and print iterations, the silhouette has remained the same: one half of the dress crosses over the other, forming a v-shape neckline, and ties wrap around the body to accentuate the waist. This, plus a billowy skirt that flows away from the body, flatters virtually every figure. You can find the wrap dress in a maxi or mini option—both of which Pippa owns.The star has worn this classic dress style since 2007 (or perhaps before, but Getty Images won't allow me to go back any further) both casually and to events. She recently wore this J.Crew wrap dress while pregnant, proving it works as stylish maternity wear, too! Ahead, check out all the times Pippa's worn the wrap dress. And if you're thinking, "I should probably get one now," go forth. I found 20 must-buy options to kick off your search, below.Back in June, Pippa wore a J.Crew floral wrap minidress with a navy blazer and Adidas Stan Smith sneakers while running errands in Knightsbridge, London.Pippa attended day one of the French Open with her husband, James Matthews. The mom-to-be showed off a hint of her baby bump in a printed Polo Ralph Lauren dress with adjustable sleeves. She wore her signature Castañer wedge espadrilles and a red striped fedora to match her midi dress.Pippa wore a blue printed wrap dress with an asymmetrical hemline while shopping in London in 2011.For the ISSA fashion show at the Natural History Museum in London, Pippa wore a long-sleeved printed wrap dress with a plunging neckline. A silver necklace and metallic pumps finished off the look.In 2007, Pippa left The Mahiki Cluby in London, England, while wearing a three-quarter sleeve purple wrap dress. She accessorized the spotted number with a white handbag and gray espadrille sandals.Madewell floral dress, $145SHOP ITRow A floral midi dress, $55SHOP ITJ.Crew wrap dress in 365 crepe, $138 SHOP ITLa Linge printed crepe wrap mini dress, $325SHOP ITGal Meets Glam Collection wrap dress, $188SHOP ITECI embroidered stripe dress, $120SHOP ITLost Ink wrap dress, $58SHOP ITDiane von Furstenberg polka dot wrap dress, $470SHOP ITGanni floral wrap dress, $250SHOP ITWayf long sleeve wrap dress, $138SHOP ITClub Monaco floral dress, $99SHOP ITLeith midi wrap dress, $79SHOP ITHeartloom polka dot wrap dress, $99SHOP ITSoprano wrap midi dress, $55SHOP ITEliza J plaid wrap dress, $148SHOP ITFrench Connection maxi dress, $120SHOP ITRebecca Taylor wrap dress, $297SHOP ITNanushka leather wrap dress, $685SHOP ITTopshop stripe wrap midi dress, $68SHOP ITHalogen wrap dress, $99SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The royal family is vacationing in Scotland.The Queen has several vacation homes (picture outrageously stunning mansions with lush green lawns) and every summer, she travels to Balmoral Castle in Scotland for a nice escape. Since it would be kind of lonely if the Queen didn’t have visitors, Prince William, Kate Middleton, and their three children, are currently staying with her on the giant estate. Over the weekend, we got a glimpse of the Duchess of Cambridge when she and Queen E made their way to a church service at Crathie Kirk. While the Queen wore a cerulean blue fascinator and matching coat, Kate looked elegant in a gray coat with a peter pan collar and black trim. The designer ensemble was made by Catherine Walker—a label Kate has worn multiple times before. She also donned a black fascinator from Lock & Co and wore the Queen's Bahrain pearl drop earrings. Though the children did not attend the church service with their parents, it was reported that on Friday, Prince George celebrated a big milestone in his life by attending his first grouse shoot. (The five year old went hunting for large birds, accompanied by his mom, of course.) See Kate's outing with the Queen below and then shop similar coats for fall. Giorgia & Johns coat, $124 SHOP ITFontana 2.0 coat, $129 SHOP ITJan Mayen coat, $440 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She wore the one-piece for health reasons.Back in May, Serena Williams made her grand return to tennis at the French Open and wore a catsuit both her and her fans dubbed the "superhero" outfit. "I feel like a warrior in it, a warrior princess...from Wakanda, maybe," she said in an interview. "I've always wanted to be a superhero, and it's kind of my way of being a superhero." The black-and-pink Nike bodysuit was a hit with the internet and Williams herself posted a photo with the caption, "Catsuit anyone? For all the moms out there who had a tough recovery from pregnancy—here you go. If I can do it, so can you. Love you all!!" The catsuit became a symbol of strength and resilience. For those who couldn't wait to see her in the look again, however, that wish has ended. According to The French Tennis Federation president, Bernard Giudicelli, the one-piece is now banned from future tournaments.In an interview for Tennis Magazine's 500th edition, Giudicelli called out Williams' catsuit and said, "I think that sometimes we’ve gone too far. It will no longer be accepted. One must respect the game and the place." He mentioned the rules won't be "as strict" compared to Wimbledon's, which require players to wear white.This was the catsuit Serena wore at the 2018 French Open: Catsuit anyone? For all the moms out there who had a tough recovery from pregnancy—here you go. If I can do it, so can you. Love you all!!A post shared by  Serena Williams (@serenawilliams) on May 29, 2018 at 12:05pm PDTAside from the catsuit looking cool, it had a functional purpose. Williams suffered blood clots in her lungs after giving birth to her daughter, Alexis Olympia Ohanian, and revealed she nearly died from the experience. "I've had a lot of problems with my blood clots, God I don't know how many I've had in the past 12 months," she said in an interview. "I've been wearing pants in general a lot when I play so I can keep the blood circulation going."So the question now is, with the catsuit banned, will Williams still be able to wear pants? And why did Giudicelli single out the tennis pro (she's a three time French Open winner) in his interview? Williams herself has called out discrimination in the past. (She said she was being drug tested the most.) Thus, I'm wondering...what are her thoughts on this new "rule?"...and it’s that time of the day to get “randomly” drug tested and only test Serena. Out of all the players it’s been proven I’m the one getting tested the most. Discrimination? I think so. At least I’ll be keeping the sport clean #StayPositiveBut I’m ready to do whatever it takes to have a clean sport so bring it on. I’m excited.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Obviously my non-existent boyfriend and I are dressing as Ariana and Pete this year. No, Halloween is not the one time of the year when you can appropriate any culture you want, thanks for asking! However, you can channel celebrities, athletes, and pop-culture icons in an outfit that—surprise—doesn't blow your monthly shopping budget. Because, really, who wants to spend money on something you're only going to wear one day out of the year? Pick from these fun, not-super-expensive options, below. Tell them you're wearing Princess Diana's '94 "revenge dress," and they'll know exactly what you're talking about (if they're over the age of 20). Instead of accessorizing with a diamond necklace that belongs to the royal family, a choker will do. Speechless dress, $59SHOP ITForever 21 choker, $10SHOP ITThe best part about channeling the iconic singer is you can wear the long black wig, flare jeans, and bohemian top year-round, rather than just buying pieces that'll only work for one night. '60s wig, $20SHOP ITAmerican Eagle jeans, $20SHOP ITRomwe top, $10SHOP ITGrab a hoodie, thigh-high boots, a lollipop, and a boyfriend who has BDE, and you're all set. Don't forget one very crucial component: the ponytail. H&M hoodie, $25SHOP ITH&M boots, $30SHOP ITPack of lollipops, $4SHOP ITTinder, freeDOWNLOAD ITTake out your anger at the patriarchy in a boxing costume. All you'll need is a sports bra and athletic shorts (which you probably already have in your closet), a robe, and a pair of gloves. Boxing robe, $15SHOP ITEverlast gloves, $21SHOP ITWhile everybody is pretending to be Cher in her yellow plaid skirt (no, not the Cher mentioned above, Cher Horowitz, pictured at right), it's time to give Dionne's style the credit it deserves. Wear a statement hat, matching plaid blazer and skirt, and stockings to replicate the look. Dionne's exact hat is a tricky find, but this patent leather beret is bold and can be worn all fall. Costume Culture blazer and skirt, $56SHOP ITNo Nonsense stockings, $8SHOP ITLeith beret, $29SHOP ITBecause we're all winners here, take notes from Simone Biles, Aly Raisman, McKayla Maroney, and the rest of the fierce five by wearing a leotard and a medal around your neck. If you're not too thrilled with the current state of the country and don't want to spend the money on a patriotic leotard, a plain bodysuit will do the trick. Gap leotard, $9SHOP ITGold medal, $2SHOP ITThe rom-com genre is officially making a comeback, which is even more of a reason to throwback to the '60s with Holly Golightly from the classic rom-com, Breakfast at Tiffany's.Forever21 dress, $8SHOP ITSpritz pearl necklace, $5SHOP ITClaire's tiara, $9SHOP ITForum Novelties gloves, $5SHOP ITLet world-renowned tennis players like Serena Williams and Maria Sharapova inspire your costume this year, then sign up for those tennis lessons you put on your resolutions list...nine months ago.Vineyard Vines tennis dress, $44SHOP ITAhead of The Chilling Adventures of Sabrina reboot, remind everyone who the OG Sabrina is. The black cat is optional (so are the shoes, apparently), though it is Halloween...ModCloth top, $45SHOP ITH&M pants, $35SHOP ITLook, it's you, the flight attendant who helped land Post Malone's plane safely. Flight attendant costume, $25SHOP ITForever21 bandana, $6SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Deuces, international shipping. Meghan Markle made her style debut during her first public event with Prince Harry in December 2017 wearing a double-breasted navy coat and carrying none other than a Strathberry handbag. Though people outside of the fashion world may not have been familiar with the brand, the bag still sold out in 11 minutes, and officially launched the Meghan Markle effect. Eight months later, the Edinburgh-based company has made its way to the States and will now be carried in retailer-that-takes-all-of-my-money, Nordstrom. Though Meghan's exact bag isn't available yet, she has carried many variations of it during different events—including the "Bottle Green East/West Mini" chain strap crossbody bag while visiting Edinburgh in February, and the original Strathberry bag she stepped out with in a different color scheme during her royal visit to Ireland this summer with Prince Harry.The nine different styles—sleek silhouettes topped with a horizontal gold bar—are available for pre-order today, and will be shipped as soon as they are ready. (Nordstrom has not given a definitive timeline for this.) Prices begin at $420 for the Nano Leather Tote and stretch to $810 for the Large Leather Tote and East/West Stripe Leather Crossbody Bag. The good news: The holidays are (kinda, sorta) coming up, and a Meghan Markle-approved bag is always worth the splurge. Shop our favorites, available at Nordstrom, below. Strathberry, $420SHOP ITStrathberry, $465SHOP ITStrathberry, $775SHOP ITStrathberry, $810SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I hope Meghan is wearing it right now to watch Netflix.Meghan Markle's fashion sense has influenced everyone around her, including tennis pro and BFF Serena Williams. Williams, who has her own fashion line, revealed her "Royal Duchess" hoodie was inspired by none other than Meghan herself. (The royal was given the title Her Royal Highness The Duchess of Sussex after she married Prince Harry on May 19.) On Wednesday, Williams was spotted wearing the red and black cropped hoodie while hanging out with Nicki Minaj—and the $90 piece is still available to buy.Given that Williams attended the royal wedding and is a close friend of Meghan's (the two first met at the 2010 Super Bowl), it makes sense she designed a hoodie that said royal on it. Williams, herself, is practically royalty, a.k.a. the queen of tennis. To make the story even sweeter, the athletic shared on Today  that she even sent a hoodie to Meghan. While it's doubtful we'll ever see Meghan leave her home in sweatpants (Queen E might have a heart attack), here's hoping she received the hoodie and is chilling in it while watching The Voice Kids with Prince Harry on the couch. After all, if a package came from Serena Williams herself, who would dare turn it down? Queen + Queen = Royal. Me and @nickiminaj having fun with boomerang. Wearing the royal hoodie by @Serena. Link in bio!!A post shared by  Serena Williams (@serenawilliams) on Aug 22, 2018 at 5:24am PDTRoyal Duchess cropped hoodie, $90 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She's picked up a few tricks.The Duchess of Cambridge Kate Middleton—and her new sister-in-law Meghan Markle, for that matter—is always the epitome of grace and elegance, opting for chic and sophisticated dressing no matter the occasion. It’s probably fair to guess that Kate's wardrobe choices require hours of organized planning to make sure there are never any faux pas or malfunctions, and there may even be a trick or two involved to achieve that perfect Duchess style.Take this Middleton-approved hack for example, which Kate is thought to be a huge fan of when it comes to ensuring that the slippery combination of high heels and pantyhose never ends in disaster. Apparently, the Duchess of Cambridge swears by a particular style of pantyhose, which feature sticky pads on the bottom of the feet, to make triple-sure that her shoes don’t fly off as she walks.Apparently, the Duchess of Cambridge swears by a particular style of pantyhose, which feature sticky pads on the bottom of the feet, to make triple-sure that her shoes don’t fly off as she walks.The stockings by UK retailer John Lewis come in at an affordable $7, and are available in nude, black and tan.Pantyhose is definitely a not-so-cool Duchess accessory, but an essential one nonetheless for any royal lady. "You never see a royal without their nude stockings," royal correspondent Victoria Arbiter recently told Insider. "I would say that's really the only hard, steadfast rule in terms of what the Queen requires.”If Kate has any secret hacks to stop the ankles getting wrinkled as they fall down, that would be handy to hear about, too.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			A love story that will withstand time.In our biweekly series, our editors will be sharing "the one item they wear to death," whether it be a basic white tee or a super-trendy jumpsuit. Prepare yourself (and your credit card) for some guilt-free shopping.Two years ago, I fell in love with a pair of black, lace-up sandals—the kind of love that withstands time. (In the most literal sense, since these shoes have been by my side for 730 days and counting.) The Vagabond sandals are an integral part of my life, taking me from the city to the beach and from work to class.  I knew right away this was not going to be a fleeting love—they looked like they'd go with everything (and they do, as evidenced by my photos, ahead).  I tromped around with one sandal on my left foot and my old white sneaker on my right. I looked in the mirror, I wiggled my toes, I fell deeper in love.  They are sturdy enough to delay death itself: The soles are made of extra grippy rubber; the thick laces that wrap around my ankles don't slide down. The shoe’s soft, worn-in leather (definitely fake, but still soft) keeps me from getting blisters. I have seriously walked miles in them. Those miles we’ve spent together have only made us closer, while, in other shoes, I finish long walks in a hate-filled cloud.  These qualities make them the perfect city shoe. I strolled over to Mud Coffee in the East Village in my black sandals:I made them work for my Marie Claire internship with white jeans, a tee, and a black cardigan. The chunky yet delicate sandals added an interesting detail to the otherwise simple outfit.The sandals transition easily into "going out" shoes at night. I wore them, here, with lightly washed jeans, a lingerie-style cami, and a long blazer to a bar in Brooklyn.Although Vagabond, tragically, doesn't carry these particular sandals online anymore, I found a similar pair at Madewell. May you become as enchanted with your pair of black sandals as I am with mine.Madewell boardwalk lace-up sandal, $60 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Designer logomania is real.   This season all of the major design houses are returning to their roots and in a big way. From handbags to sweaters to even socks, iconic brand logos have taken over. You can show your brand loyalty head to toe (literally) or stick with a subtle hint of logo on one piece, the choice is yours. Not sure what to do with this logomania phenomenon? Here are 6 simple ways to ease these investment pieces into your wardrobe—and look like a million bucks. What better way to camouflage a logo handbag than by going all-in and wearing a print on every body part? Pair this iconic Dior Saddle bag with mismatched florals and suddenly it just works. This is the perfect way to dip your toe in the logomania trend, without making it the main focus of your outfit. It's the perfect blend.Shop similar pieces: 1. Dior saddle bag, in-stores only; 2. Proenza Schouler floral shirt, $310; 3. Moncler printed short, $620; Converse shoe, $85.We've all seen the logo T-shirt, from Gucci to Levi's, but make it street-style chic by replacing the typical jeans pairing with silk joggers. To elevate this casual sporty look, go for a platform heel—what, did someone say you can't wear heels with sweatpants? Dressing up a T-shirt has never been easier. Shop similar pieces: 1.Balenciaga logo t-shirt,$425; 2. Artizia silk pant, $128; 3. Raye platform sandal, $148.Update your go-to autumn outerwear with this statement-making logo-heavy jacket from Louis Vuitton—there's no doubt all eyes will be on you, however you wear it. Our suggestion: Be prepared for the constant weather fluctuations of fall by layering it over a shirtdress, then strap on your crossbody bag and you're ready to turn heads. Shop similar pieces: 1. Tibi shirtdress, $595; 2. Staud crossbody bag, $375; 3.Louis Vuitton logo jacket, $3,100.I feel like by the time mid-season hits, I'm ready to retire ALL of my sweaters...but, a Fendi logo sweater may change my mind. Bella Hadid styled it perfectly here—it's not the focus of her look, but definitely completes it. She even matches her logo sweater to her logo handbag. I guess the question is, how much logo is too much logo? Shop similar pieces: 1. Khaite denim pant, $340; 2. PSWL puffer jacket, $695; 3. Fendi logo sweater, $4,250.Hailey Baldwin's ensemble is the ideal outfit for the logo-obsessed girl. Why pick one emblazoned item when you can wear Versace head-to-toe? OK, maybe not everything needs a logo; style it down with a casual sneaker and chic baby bag and you've nailed the Hailey lewk.Shop similar pieces: 1. Versace jacket, $1,350; 2. Versace jean, $1,250. 3.Theory drawstring bag, $355; 4. Nike sneaker, $130.Another fall staple: boots. This season, instead of buying your classic brown leather knee-high boot, spice it up with a logo boot. This subtle hint at the Fendi logo makes Gigi Hadid's look. Wear them with a cropped jean so the logo becomes a fun "peek-a-boo" moment, then layer on a long corduroy coat.Shop similar pieces: 1. Alexa Chung corduroy trench coat,$1,265; 2. Re/Done cropped denim, $240; 3. Fendi logo boot, $870.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Cardi B eating McDonald's in her dress gives me life.The fun doesn't really start until the after party. After guests and fans at the 2018 VMAs watched the performances and cheered on the winners, they headed off to eat and drink the night away. Stars such as Jennifer Lopez and Winnie Harlow switched into fresh outfits, while Orange Is the New Black star Dascha Polanco stayed in her same naked dress—hey, if it works, it works. Check out all the sexy after party looks ahead.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Twinning.As the woman who brought us 13 Going On 30, Jennifer Garner is already a queen in her own right, but yesterday the actress confirmed that she’s official movie royalty by receiving a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. But what does one possibly wear for a suitably royal occasion? The exact dress worn by Duchess of Sussex, Meghan Markle, obviously.Jennifer was twinning with Meghan in the very same, sophisticated navy blue dress from Roland Mouret that the Duchess chose to wear for tea with the queen, on the final public appearance before her royal wedding to Prince Harry back in May. At the time, Meghan told press that she was feeling "wonderful" as she stepped out with her mother, Doria Ragland. The dress, with an off-the-shoulder fit and pleated ruffle details draped from the waist, was an effortlessly elegant look for both stars. While Meghan styled hers with neutral gray pumps and a sleek blow out, Jennifer opted for side-swept hair, black heels and a selection of bracelets.Of course, I probably shouldn’t let her wardrobe inspiration from Meghan distract from Jennifer’s incredible achievement. The 46-year-old actress was given one of the entertainment industry’s most prestigious honors on Monday, and celebrated her new Walk of Fame star with her whole family, as well as close friends, Bryan Cranston and Steve Carell. Harry and Meghan, if you’re looking for stand-ins, @markruffalo and I are just hangin’ around. #13goingon30 #soyoungsaturday #congratulationsharryandmeghanA post shared by  Jennifer Garner (@jennifer.garner) on May 19, 2018 at 1:16am PDTBack in May, Jennifer made it clear that she’s a royal family fan by sharing a tribute to the royal wedding on her Instagram page. Sharing a throwback photo from her 2004 teen classic movie, Garner captioned a picture of herself and Mark Ruffalo in wedding attire with: “Harry and Meghan, if you’re looking for stand-ins @markruffalo and I are just hangin’ around.” The real royal couple that we all deserve. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Brb, I need to rewatch it.It's a big night for Jennifer Lopez at the 2018 MTV Video Music Awards. In addition to being the first latin artist to receive the coveted Michael Jackson Video Vanguard Award (past recipients include Britney Spears, Rihanna, Kanye West, and Beyoncé), Lopez also performed live at the VMAs for the first time in over a decade (!!). She made her entrance singing on stage while wearing a printed robe and a gold glittery bodysuit underneath.Her performance and her outfit were on fire while her beau, A-Rod, watched adoringly from the audience. The look was very different a.k.a. more naked than her red carpet gown, where she wore a strapless one-shoulder silver dress. As J.Lo seamlessly transitioned from song to song of her greatest hits, she added/took off pieces of clothing, including a furry white coat. After a brief disappearance from the stage, she returned in a glittery gold tracksuit and snapback while singing "Jenny from the Block," before concluding with "Dinero."The song won for "Best Collaboration" and is nominated for "Best Latin Video." If you haven't listened to it yet, I suggest you do that now so you can fully appreciate all that J.Lo goodness. (The music video also features appearances from DJ Khaled and Cardi B.) See all her outfit changes, below.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			So polished. So sophisticated. Kylie Jenner and Travis Scott will have to do date night in New York City, since the two are here for the 2018 VMAs. The couple flew in for the event at Radio City Music Hall, where Scott will be performing. (His album Astroworld is reportedly number one right now on the Billboard Album chart.) Jenner, of course, wanted to be by his side and walked the red carpet in a white blazer dress by Tom Ford and Olgana Paris heels. The crisp, white look was further accented by her slicked back blonde hair and Lorraine Schwartz jewelry.This outfit was slightly more modest compared to her recent 21st birthday party dresses. The star has also been posting up a storm on Instagram of sultry selfies, but Jenner toned it down for tonight's award show. In fact, she was more covered up than some other celebrities on the red carpet, who opted for naked jumpsuits and dresses. Jenner and Scott are reportedly not sitting next to Nicki Minaj tonight after a little bit of internet drama. (Minaj called out Jenner for helping her boyfriend sell albums, as she and Stormi will join Scott on tour.) While we'll be looking for all the side #lewks Minaj might throw at the duo, for now we'll just focus on Jenner's polished blazer ahead.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Are you blushing? Because I am.You can always count on someone to show up at the 2018 MTV Video Music Awards dressed, or rather hardly dressed, in their best designer outfits. Stars are fond of "naked dresses," (exhibit A and exhibit B) because they're sultry, sexy, and show off every inch of your body—if you're into that. While most of us might blush in front of the cameras in barely-there gowns, jumpsuits, and pantsuits, the VMA attendees ahead have no qualms about (un)dressing for photos. Work it, guys.In Off-White In Fleur du Mal In Sonia Rykiel Halle in Nicholas Kirkwood heels In a Naeem Khan jumpsuit and Gianvito Rossi heelsIn Zuhair Murad		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Celebs aren't holding back from fringe, velvet, and naked dresses.This year, all of your favorite celebrities are heading to the MTV Video Music Awards at Radio City Music Hall in NYC to celebrate the best music videos we've been #blessed with this year. Expect to see performances from Ariana Grande, Cardi B, Nicki Minaj, Travis Scott, and more throughout the night, but first take a look at all of the gorgeous dresses on the red carpet, ahead. In Tom Ford blazer dress, Olgana Paris heels, and Lorraine Schwartz jewelry In Atelier Versace and Tiffany & Co. jewelryIn Giuseppe Zanotti shoesIn an Elie Saab dress, Giuseppe Zanotti shoes, Wempe earrings, a Sanjay Kasliwal bracelet, and a Judith Leiber clutch In Ralph & RussoIn Anita Ko In Rosie Assoulin and Alison Lou jewelryIn Oscar de la Renta and Chopard jewelryIn Rodarte and Giuseppe Zanotti In PradaHalle in Nicholas Kirkwood heels and Tiffany & Co. jewelryIn Dundas and Brian Atwood shoesIn Nicolas JebranIn René CaovillaIn a Nicolas Jebran dress and Lorraine Schwartz jewelryIn Zuhair MuradIn a Naeem Khan jumpsuit and Gianvito Rossi heels		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She has her Jimmy Choos, her Castañers, her...Pippa Middleton made headlines when she held the coveted spot as Kate Middleton's maid of honor, and since then, Pippa's become a celebrity in her own right. It's easy to forget she isn't exactly a royal because she hangs out with the crew all the time and has impeccable style. On more than one occasion, she and Kate even dressed exactly alike, proving they're on the same fashion wavelength.Unlike her older sister, however, Pippa doesn't have to follow stringent dress codes, like packing an all-black outfit while traveling or avoiding mini-dresses at all costs. We bet she wouldn't like the rule about not wearing wedges, either, (Queen E reportedly hates the shoe) as Pippa lives in her espadrilles in summer. Her style can best be described as comfortable, but put-together, with a mix of affordable and designer pieces. In the summer, she relies on easy floral dresses and colorful jumpsuits, while in the fall and winter she makes a statement in tailored outerwear.So, where does she get all her clothes, you ask? While Pippa doesn't have a wardrobe allowance like Kate does, her closet is still highly curated. She's a lover of budget-friendly retailers like J.Crew (she has the same clutch as Meghan Markle!), while for special occasions, like christenings and weddings, she'll break out her fancy Jimmy Choo heels. Like her older sis, Pippa keeps a few trusted shoe brands in rotation, reaching for them every time she steps out in public. I've decoded some of her favorite footwear options, below, and also included similar pairs to shop because that's why you clicked on this story, right?Pippa hasn't given up wedges during pregnancy. I assumed she would trade them in for flats asap, because that's what I would do, but she's proved me wrong in photo after photo, wearing them to places like the French Open and Wimbledon. One of her favorite pairs comes from Spanish brand Castañer, which has been making the espadrille since 1927. The wedges are surprisingly affordable—they're around the $120 mark—and can easily be worn with nearly everything in your closet. If you're looking for your first pair of Castañers, invest in the oatmeal-colored wedge espadrille, below.Castañer wedge espadrilles, $120SHOP ITCastañer jean canvas espadrilles, $140SHOP ITCastañer fringe espadrilles, $120SHOP ITCastañer cotton wedge sandals, $153SHOP ITDressy heels aren't part of Pippa's everyday attire—she saves this style for royal events and galas. When it comes time to choosing a heel though, she often reaches for a pair of Jimmy Choos. She wore the luxury footwear label to Prince Louis' christening and to Prince Harry's wedding. The brand has been vetted by royals like Princess Diana, and its sophisticated stiletto offerings suit Pippa's posh style. Though the prices are luxe, these iconic heels will easily make any wearer feel like a million bucks, or so I imagine. (I'm accepting donations to my Jimmy Choo fund.)Jimmy Choo lang leather sandals, $850SHOP ITJimmy Choo romy 60 patent leather pumps, $650SHOP ITJimmy Choo erin 60 slingback pump, $650SHOP ITJimmy Choo romy 60 velvet pumps, $725SHOP ITKate loves her Superga canvas sneakers, but Pippa prefers her Adidas Stan Smiths. The popular style has become such a staple for fashion girls that the company has sold more than 50 million pairs since debuting in 1973. Pippa likes wearing her casual tennis shoes with dresses, as she did back in June when she styled her white kicks with a floral J.Crew dress and navy blazer. It's also the perfect comfy sneaker to wear when she's running errands around London—especially now that she's expecting.Adidas stan smith leather sneakers, $75SHOP ITAdidas stan smith sneakers gold, $68SHOP ITRaf Simons stan smith sneakers, $192SHOP ITStan Smith velcro sneakers, $63SHOP ITNot familiar with Dune London? The fashion footwear group is a London-based label that offers a variety of styles from biker boots to ballet flats. One look at the selections and you might become obsessed with the pieces the way Pippa has. Back in 2016, she chose a pair of block heels—a good combination of dressy and uncomplicated for meetings and conferences—from the brand to wear with her printed three-quarter sleeve dress. In addition to supporting Dune London, Pippa's worn other local British designs, including L.K. Bennett.Dune London block heel sandal, $99SHOP ITDune London studded heel sandal, $120SHOP ITDune London multi strap sandal, $109SHOP ITDune London jazzy block heel, $76SHOP ITPippa relies on her Russell & Bromley suede ankle boots to get her through fall. She usually wears the shoes with jeans and sleek outerwear. Since the booties have a petit heel, Pippa can even wear them while doing one of her favorite activities: bike riding. The label is another British footwear brand—this one dating back to 1873—and its boots selection this season is so good, I bet Pippa already has her eye on a new pair.Russell & Bromley sleekbooty ankle boot, $375SHOP ITRussell & Bromley Americana western boot, $375SHOP ITRussell & Bromley chelsea boot, $299SHOP ITRussell & Bromley belt trim boot, $350SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			If you run into her, she might even quiz you on the collection.Like every other MTV fan of the early 2000s, I watched Laguna Beach and its equally addictive spinoffs: The Hills and The City. When all the shows ended and Lauren Conrad, Whitney Port, and the crew moved on with their lives off-screen, I did too—not thinking one day I would meet any of the cast members. Fast forward to eight years since the end of The Hills (though there are rumors of a reboot) and there I am sitting on a couch in the Kohl's showroom, chatting with Conrad. She's been designing for the retailer since 2009 and this month launched new denim styles, like the super skinny; her weekend collection debuts in September.In addition to her booming fashion line, LC Lauren Conrad, the OG reality TV queen has also authored two books: L.A. Candy, a coming-of-age in Hollywood novel, and The Fame Game, another guilty-pleasure teen read. While her career and personal life have changed drastically since her intern days at  Teen Vogue (she now has a 1-year-old son, Liam, with husband William Tell), Conrad has seemingly managed to stay cool, composed, and nice. We chatted briefly about my recording device (she thought it resembled these fans) and then we launched into the real topic: the new pieces in her clothing line. Before I spoil the entire conversation though, read Conrad's own feelings on her Kohl's line, below, and get some free styling advice while you're at it."We have the super skinny jean, which is very stretchy, so it's almost jegging like—that’s my go-to. You can wear it on the plane and it maintains its shape. It won’t become baggy after a day. You can wear it with a blazer and flats into the office or with heels and a cute top at night.""I don’t ever say anything to them, but if I’m with a friend or someone I will point it out. We were out last weekend at the Orange County Fair and this woman in front of us was wearing a shirt that just came out from the line. I was like ‘look, look, look’ I don’t think that ever stops being exciting, to see your own stuff on people. Sometimes if the person comes up to me about my clothes, I’ll quiz them, like ‘what do you like?’ ‘what do you need?’ I want customer feedback.""White tees, button downs, black blazers, anything that is classic I start to collect. Jeans.''"We always look to our customer, like, what is she doing in her life? In the last year, since I’ve become a mom, I work from home and you don’t need to put on heels and a blazer. But, I also don’t want to wear my pajamas around the house all day. Sometimes, you want to feel comfortable in your home, but look put together. This collection doesn’t have to be strictly for the weekend. The pieces are versatile enough that you can wear them out while still having that relaxed vibe."		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I'm obsessed.If you didn't tune into the U.S. Gymnastics Championships on Sunday night, then you missed not only a performance by Simone Biles, but also a viral feminist moment. Luckily, Twitter (and I) are here to catch you up: 17-year-old Jordan Chiles wore a Wonder Woman-inspired leotard while completing her gymnastics rotation. The 2017 U.S. all-around silver medalist paid tribute to the DC Comics character with a red, blue, and yellow one-piece that was bedazzled with rhinestones. To accompany the outfit, Chiles also performed a floor routine to Wonder Woman music. Fans could not get enough of the bodysuit and shared comments like, "I love the creative liberties athletes have been taking with their leos lately. Looking at you, @ChilesJordan!" One person even admitted he doesn't follow gymnastics, but was taken with Chiles' outfit choice, writing, "I have never heard of her (because I don’t follow gymnastics) but Jordan Chiles wore a Wonder Woman themed leotard to an event and boy howdy is that freaking cool. The age we live in guys. The age we live in."Chiles wasn't the only gymnast to stand out for her leotard. Simone Biles made a powerful statement in a teal one-piece—the color honors victims of sexual abuse—as she swept up the gold medals to become the first woman to have ever won five U.S. Gymnastics Championships all-around titles. (Biles herself is a survivor of the Larry Nassar scandal.) Check out what people are saying about Chiles' Wonder Woman look, then read up on Biles' amazing win.Wonder Woman leo for Jordan Chiles?!?! 😍😍😍 pic.twitter.com/GZ3fSCvSB5Wonder Woman is on the scene! #USGymChamps pic.twitter.com/PclHnhCZFB😭😭😭❤❤❤❤❤I have never heard of her (because I don’t follow gymnastics) but Jordan Chiles wore a Wonder Woman themed leotard to an event and boy howdy is that freaking cool. The age we live in guys. The age we live in. pic.twitter.com/Ut9QCJ4r70We ❤️ you, Wonder Woman. pic.twitter.com/eLjzLXiHURIt's SO AMAZING! Our mouths also dropped open. This is like Kyla Ross in 2012 showing up to Trials in an American flag leo to declare her position on the team. LOVE! https://t.co/mKwFR0fESVI love the creative liberties athletes have been taking with their leos lately. Looking at you, @ChilesJordan! 💪🏾 #USGymChamps pic.twitter.com/iQ7o3yFScT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Mark your calendar.If you had to pick a 16-year-old model to design a fashion collection, you'd pick Kaia Gerber. The It model shot to stardom when she walked down the runways for the likes of Valentino, Isabel Marant, Anna Sui, Alexander Wang, and Chanel. Now, Cindy Crawford's mini me is working with Chanel's creative director himself, the inimitable Karl Lagerfeld, to design a capsule collection for his namesake brand. The Karl Lagerfeld x Kaia collaboration will offer both ready-to-wear clothes and accessories and is apparently the company's largest collaborative project to date. (Even the Hadid sisters have yet to work with Lagerfeld on this scale.) According to Women's Wear Daily, on August 30, fans can expect fashionable pieces such as wetsuit-inspired bodysuits, logo hoodies, biker jackets, and double-breasted tuxedos. There will also be monogram chokers, over-the-knee socks, velvet bags, and chain-embellished hats. All items will be available on Karl.com and Revolve for two weeks before being rolled out to other international shopping sites.Although Gerber has yet to publicly post about the collaboration, Lagerfeld announced it on his Instagram account with the simple #KarlxKaia hashtag. Mark your calendar, because getting Gerber's model-off-duty style just got easier.The Instagrams announcing the two's partnership: Karl Lagerfeld has teamed up with model-of-the-moment Kaia Gerber on a collaboration for his namesake brand. The Karl Lagerfeld x Kaia capsule, launching Aug. 30, is the company’s largest collab to date. #wwdnews #karllagerfeld #kaiagerberA post shared by  WWD (@wwd) on Aug 20, 2018 at 4:13am PDT It’s official: KARL LAGERFELD will introduce an exclusive collection designed with model-of-the moment @kaiagerber, launching August 30. Comment below if you're excited! #KARLXKAIAA post shared by  KARL LAGERFELD (@karllagerfeld) on Aug 20, 2018 at 12:01am PDTGerber walking in past Chanel shows:Gerber at Chanel's Spring/Summer '18 show.Gerber at Chanel's Haute Couture Spring/Summer '18 show.Gerber at Chanel's Fall/Winter '18 show.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The one-piece works for date night, parties, and...Halloween.Kylie Jenner recently gave a tour of Jenner's purse closet that contained more designer bags than I could count. From this three-minute video alone, her lifestyle certainly seemed unattainable. But, as lavish as Jenner portrays her life to be, she can also do a 180 to show off her more affordable style. In an Instagram post on Thursday, the 21-year-old snapped herself in an off-the-shoulder black jumpsuit, which complemented her fresh blonde bob haircut. The one piece came from Fashion Nova, a brand Jenner's worn multiple times on the 'gram, and costs only $25. Though I know Jenner likely gets paid to post about certain brands (an Instagram post from her is reportedly worth $1 million), this jumpsuit would be something she'd wear IRL. She follows in sister Kim's footsteps in terms of wearing super tight body-con clothing.To top off her look, Jenner wore a pair of gold initial earrings–a "K" for Kylie—and a pair of the now-sold-out Adidas "Falcon" sneakers. I have to admit, whether Jenner really loved the bodysuit or wore it as an #ad for the brand, the piece looked really good on her. So much so, I thought about buying it. The one piece would make a sexy, cat woman suit for Halloween, don't you think? chillin in my @fashionnovaA post shared by  Kylie ♥️ (@kyliejenner) on Aug 16, 2018 at 9:55am PDTFashion Nova black jumpsuit, $25 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Because flashing the Queen would be a problem.Scene: You're walking back to the office with your lunch in hand/you're texting on your phone and suddenly, a gust of wind blows your breezy chiffon dress right up. And you know at least one person got a glimpse of your underwear. Dammit. But if this is any comfort, know that royals, too, sometimes suffer weather-related wardrobe malfunctions. Kate Middleton's dresses have fallen victim to windy days on several occasion, though we have yet to see that on Meghan Markle. That's likely because there are precautions in place to protect her, and every other royal, from accidentally flashing strangers—or worse, the Queen.According to Myka, founder of Beaumont Etiquette, a fashion hack Kate and Meghan use to keep their skirts from flying up is to wear "bodysuits and clothes that actually increase static so it’s much hard for something to fly up." (That makes sense to me.)"I know when I went to finishing school we were taught that when you are on the tarmac, if you do not use weights or heavy weighted material, you make sure it will not fly up by wearing under garments that keep the fabrics connect to your body," she said. "Also the undergarment would be chosen for that reason."Although the royals are currently taking a break from their public duties, Meghan has several trips lined up in the fall. And the fashion hack Myka mentioned will definitely come in handy when Meghan steps off the plane. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The campaign features Union's friends, highlighting their diverse voices and stories.Gabrielle Union boasts an impressive resume as an actress, activist, and author. Her memoir, titled We're Going to Need More Wine, is a collection of powerful essays exploring race (particularly about Union's childhood in primarily-white California suburbia), relationships, sex, beauty standards, and, of course, fame. Union also has an unrelated white wine called Vanilla Puddin'. Like many Hollywood celebrities, the multi-hyphenate star didn't stop at just one (or two) entrepreneurial project(s), Union also has a one-year-old fashion line in collaboration with New York & Company. Her August collection, offers a variety of everyday essentials, from cozy knit dresses to party jumpsuits to, even, a piece inspired by her husband Dwyane Wade. Union reveals that she sometimes "steals" clothes from her husband's closet; one time it was "this kimono-type thing," which she happened to love and wanted to recreate for her fashion collection. The fall campaign, called #AllTogetherNow, celebrates body diversity, friendship, and the intricate lives of women. It's deeply personal for Union, who shot the new collection with her BFFs Essence Atkins, Ajiona Alexus, and Valarie Pettiford. "I wanted to show how inspiring and empowering friendship can be between women and how far-reaching friendships can be," Union says in a phone interview—her voice confident and strong.During our chat, I could feel the warmth and seriousness of her message on female friendships and size inclusivity in fashion.Union's line offers sizes ranging from XS to XXL, including petite and tall, to make sure the pieces are suitable for women of all sizes and shapes. If something is missing, whether it be a certain style or size, the star assures me that she will rework the next season's collection with customer suggestions. If you're looking for a specific piece to buy from the August collection, Union made it easy for you by sharing her favorite item: a cropped sweatshirt that reads "Rule the World," in bold white letters. "I love that the phrase runs the length of the back and encourages you to spread out your arms wide. It says 'I’m open to succeed, I’m open to include, I’m open to dreaming things I never knew possible,'" Union says.Shop her treasured choice, below, as well as a few pieces MarieClaire.com editors particularly love.Gabrielle Union "rule the world," sweater, $60 SHOP ITGabrielle Union jumpsuit, $130 SHOP ITGabrielle Union graphic tee, $35 SHOP ITGabrielle Union blouse, $60  SHOP ITGabrielle Union duster shirt, $70 SHOP ITGabrielle Union wide-leg pants, $80 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Baby Stormi will have access to every one.I have three, maybe four, designer bags in my closet that I've saved up my paychecks to buy. They're my prize possessions—a small, ostensible sign that says "Hey, I sort of made it!" So, I understand a person's love or even slight obsession with their handbags. But, all this doesn't come nearly as close, of course, as to the fortune of bags Kylie Jenner has amassed. In a three-minute YouTube video, the star takes her fans on a tour in her purse closet—one that she had custom built. (It looks like a bright, shiny museum inside.)Before you even watch the video, you're probably thinking "This is so extra," and you're right. Nevertheless, Jenner isn't just anyone. She's part of the Kardashian family, and they're known for their extravagant, lavish tastes. (Here's a quick flashback to Jenner's 21st birthday party over the weekend.) Jenner's salary alone—she makes $19,007 an hour and her Instagram posts are reportedly worth $1 million—can afford her to buy all the Hermès Birkin bags she wants. And, if you watch the video, she has plenty of them.If you don't want to watch the video, get the CliffNotes version of the tour, below.The opening shot of her purse closet.Her favorite row contains Hermès bags.If Jenner's house was on fire, she'd save this Birkin bag.Her sister Kourtney gave her this hot pink style."She never really cares about Christmas gifts, so when she gave me this, it was really special," Jenner says in the video. "This one I definitely will let Storm wear when she says 'Mommy, I want to carry a purse.'"Kris Jenner gave these Louis Vuitton bags to Kendall and Kylie when they were "super babies."Jenner also got this custom artsy bag from her mom because "she knows how obsessed I am with her."The bespoke Xupes x Zero London Louis Vuitton handbag is one piece from a wider collaborative collection between the British pre-owned luxury retailer, Xupes, and London-based art collective Year Zero London.Watch the full three-minute purse closet tour, below.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You won't even notice the sunset.It seems Kendall Jenner's taking a little R&R from modeling right before all the fashion shows in September. The star is vacationing in Cabo San Lucas, Mexico with her sister Khloé Kardashian and bf Tristan Thompson. For the getaway, Jenner packed plenty of bright-colored swimsuits, including a green one piece from Gooseberry Seaside. The swimsuit featured a plunging neckline and a thigh-high cut, so the model's legs looked extra long. If you follow Jenner's style, you'll recognize that this one piece is actually the same design as the one she wore in May while in Cannes. The previous one, however, came in black whereas this green suit was slightly more playful and fun. I'm a firm believer that if something works for your body or you just love it, you should always buy the item in multiples. That's why we have like 10 white tees, right? The "so chic minty wonder" style is currently still available to purchase for $99 and comes in sizes XS to L. While my swimsuit-wearing days are coming to an end on the east coat, this piece would be good to have on hand for tropical vacations in December. Sign me up for one, please.Jenner wearing the Gooseberry Seaside swimsuit, in black,  back in May:Jenner wearing the same swimsuit in green:Shop her exact piece, below:Gooseberry Seaside, $99 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The brand is royal-approved.On Monday, Jenna Dewan took a break from her busy schedule to check out a house in Sherman Oaks, California. The World of Dance host reportedly dropped by the neighborhood to look at Joe Jonas' former home, which might give indications that she's planning to move. For the visit, Dewan swapped her flashy, body-con stage dresses for something a little more casual. She wore a billowy white blouse with three quarter sleeves and a slightly distressed pair of blue jeans.The 37-year-old then shielded her eyes with a pair of pink sunglasses and wore two-toned metallic sandals—perfect for walking in when house hunting. The outfit was comfy, casual, and cute, helping Dewan blend right in with her surroundings. If you loved her Mother jeans—good news—they're still available to shop! Dewan wore "The Flirt Fray," in the color cold feet, which costs $265. She's not the only celebrity who loves Mother denim, however. Gigi Hadid, Sophia Bush, Reese Witherspoon, and Meghan Markle do too. Prior to becoming the Duchess of Sussex, the royal was spotted in this pair at the Invictus Games and I'm betting she would have loved Dewan's jean choice too.Mother "The Flirt Fray" in Cold Feet, $265 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Because your bathing suit needs styling too.Gone are the days of just throwing on a cover up and heading to the beach. This season, it's all about the total look, and no knows that better than our favorite celebrities. From Bella in a ball cap to Gigi channeling her inner cowgirl, the inspo for accessorizing is endless. Below, check out how to style your perfect beach look, because let's be honest, now's the time to squeeze in those last few summer instagram posts.Intimidated by all of the accessorizing options out there? Start with the small things (it's true, sometimes less is more). Even just simply layering necklaces, like Elsa Hosk did here, instantly transforms that plain white bikini you've had in your drawer all summer. For a pop of color add a silk hair scarf.Shop similar: 1.Sommer Swim bikini, $138; 2. ByChari mini diamond necklace, $270; 3. Miansai gold statement necklace, $250; 4. Gavala vintage headtie, $45.Take it from Joan Smalls: it's okay to get all matchy-matchy when the thing you're matching is the ocean. Pair turquoise blue jewelry with a sporty black one-piece to create a look as fresh as the water you're in.Shop similar: 1. Cover Swim one piece, $175; 2. Zoe Chicco turquoise pendant, $265; 3. Madewell gold chain, $34; 4. Bronzallure Magnesite pinky ring, $77.What better way to rock your crochet-kini than adding a hint of the Wild West (à la Gigi Hadid)? Buckle up that western belt you thought you would only wear in the fall and pair it with a vintage bull necklace and your look is almost complete. Finishing touch? A gold tone aviator.Shop similar: 1. She Made Me bikini top, $150 ; 2. Chloe aviators, $405; 3. Kate Cate western belt, $245; 4. Gucci bull necklace, $475.Make like Kaia Gerber and trade your typical straw fedora for a bucket hat this summer. Is there a trendier way to block out those UV rays? Don't quite feel like you're on the beach? Add a puka shell earring and you're there.Shop similar: 1. Eres black bikini, $250 ; 2. CrushClub93 shell earrings, $25; 3. Ganni bucket hat, $35.Accessorizing doesn't mean you need to be bedazzled. If you're going for a sportier look like Bella Hadid's, it's actually all about the practical details. Opt for a ball cap and hands-free fanny pack, and you could easily go from beach to baseball game.Shop similar: 1. Fella black bikini top, $140 paired with Zeus + Dione short, $332; 2. Miu Miu fanny pack, $1,250; 3. Rag and Bone ball cap, $150.I think it's safe to say the hoop trend is going absolutely nowhere. Pair a medium-sized hoop with an oversized straw hat, like Emily Ratajkowski. This summer, our straw hats are getting quite the update—the bigger the better. Shop similar: 1. Faithfull The Brand bikini, $150; 2. Jennifer Fisher hoops, $795; 3. Artesano woven hat, $220		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Your tennis gear is about to get much cooler.Designer Virgil Abloh has a lot on his creative plate and shows no signs of slowing down. Aside from helming the innovative vision for Louis Vuitton menswear (he’s been the artistic director of the fashion house since March 2018), Abloh also runs his own line Off-White. And the label just announced its partnering with Nike and Serena Williams on a tennis style collaboration titled The Queen Collection.For those who aren’t familiar with Off-White, it’s a luxury streetwear label beloved by hypebeasts everywhere. Abloh is credited with designing iconic items such as sneakers with an orange zip tie or a black crossbody bag that simple says, “Sculpture.” What this means, I’m not sure, but Abloh has a way of making a regular ol’ bag look ultra swaggy. He also happens to be BFFs with some major style players like Kanye West and the Kardashians—NBD.  This exciting news also comes two weeks before the 2018 US Open tournament, which starts on August 27. Williams will wear a tennis dress designed by Abloh."The dress is feminine, but combines her aggression. It's partially revealing. It's asymmetrical. It has a sort of ballerina-esque silhouette to symbolize her grace," said Abloh in a press release. "It's not about bells and whistles and tricks. It's just about it living on the body, and expressing Serena’s spirit with each swing of the racket."In addition to the dress, the Queen Collection, out later this month, will feature a bomber jacket, a bag, the NikeCourt Flare 2 and limited editions of The 10: Nike Air Max 97 and The 10: Nike Blazer Mid SW. See the announcement as well as pieces from the collection, below. “🎾”A post shared by  Off-White™ (@off____white) on Aug 12, 2018 at 1:27pm PDT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Meghan Markle has been stylish since long before she met Prince Harry or thought of joining the royal family. But, now that she's a duchess, there are definitely more restrictions on what she can wear and what etiquette says she shouldn't. Here are nine iconic looks Meghan stepped out in before the royal wedding that she probably wouldn't wear today. The MOTHER jeans with a slit in the knee that Meghan wore to accompany Prince Harry to the 2017 Invictus Games in Toronto were instantly iconic, but not something we're likely to see Meghan wear in public again now that she's a Duchess. The Queen famously prefers that women wear dresses and Meghan was reportedly vetoed when she tried to pull a tuxedo to wear during her Australian tour later this year, so ripped jeans would be a hard sell.In 2015, Meghan turned heads this this stunning silver dress at the Vogue Fashion Fund Awards. For royals, however, cleavage is a no-no. Princess Diana even famously carried "cleavage bags" — clutches that she could use to strategically cover any hint of cleavage with an outfit. Meghan wore this hot black mini dress to the premiere of The Hunger Games: Catching Fire in 2013 (in London, no less). While the top of the dress is royal-approved, the length is not. Royals opt for longer dress lengths—it's unlikely anything above the knee would make the cut. Unless you're a young prince, shorts aren't likely to be in your royal wardrobe. It goes back to the same rule that calls for longer skirts—showing the knee isn't advised. Meghan has been a fan of tennis since before she joined the royal family, but she's had to change some of her style for watching matches. In 2016, when she attended Wimbledon as a Normal, Meghan wore this black and white hat to shield her from the sun. As a royal, she isn't allowed to. The reason? Now, she watches from the Royal Box, wear spectators aren't allowed wear hats, lest they block the view of other guests. While royal ladies are definitely allowed to wear trousers (especially when they're appearing somewhere casual or just out and about), tradition dictates that they pair them with a blazer or cardigan, meaning this ensemble would be incomplete for a duchess. While there doesn't seem to be a specific rule prohibiting it, you just don't see royals in leather jackets. Even Kate Middleton, who wore them before her marriage to William in 2011, seems to have given them up. Expect to see Meghan in blazers and cardigans going forward. Don't expect to see Meghan in these strappy shoes again—or anything with an open toe for that matter. Royal etiquette requires that women wear closed-toed shoes as open-toed shoes are considered informal. Even Meghan's post-engagement, pre-wedding style shows off the last of her non-royal fashion freedom. At her engagement photo call, Meghan showed off bare legs, but the Queen requires that women in the royal family wear pantyhose. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Summer isn't over yet, which means you still have time to buy, wear, and enjoy Gigi Hadid's new favorite bikini. Or at least a bikini that she's worn and likes enough to post in an Instagram selfie. Either way, if you want to dress more like Gigi Hadid than you currently do, here is your chance, provided you enjoy two-piece swimwear. Yesterday, the model posted a picture on her Instagram Story of herself in a cool, brown bikini top with curvy, scalloped edging at the neckline. She captioned the photo "ayer," which is Spanish for "yesterday," suggesting that the photo is actually from two days ago (in case that impacts your thoughts on the bikini at all, which, like, it won't). The suit is from Marysia, and it's still available to shop — although, it will cost you a pretty penny (actually, make that almost 30,000 pretty pennies). The pieces are sold separately. The top is the Palm Springs top in toffee and it runs $150, according to Marysia's website. While it's not clear what Gigi paired the top with, Marysia recommends match it with the Santa Monica bottoms in toffee, pictured below with the brand's "Broadway Top." The bottoms run $148. If you're more of a one-piece type when it comes to bathing suits, you can also try the brand's signature Palm Springs maillot in toffee. The full-coverage version of the look is also still in stock, but the extra fabric will cost you extra money — it runs $345, according to Marysia's website. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The mom-to-be wore the perfect lightweight dress. Pippa Middleton has exceptional style, whether she's sporting formal bridesmaid-wear or more casual everyday outfits (something she has in common with her sister, the Duchess of Cambridge). Her latest, post-gym look is no different. On Wednesday, Kate Middleton's younger sibling was spotted biking through London after hitting the gym, wearing Anthropologie's Celestia embroidered dress and Penelope Chilver's Dandy star slippers. Middleton, who's expecting her first child with husband James Matthews this fall, has been very open about how important fitness has been to her during her pregnancy. In her most recent column for Waitrose Weekend, the expectant mother wrote about how she's been enjoying swimming as a form of exercise during her third trimester. "As the summer weather contributes to feelings of bloating and swelling, swimming will keep your body cooler while exercising, something that is a relief in pregnancy, preventing swelling in the arms and legs," she writes. "From personal experience, I’d confidently say I find it has been the most enjoyable and rewarding form of exercise since I found out I was expecting. "Middleton hasn't announced her due date, though it's likely right around the corner—sources even report that her sister, Kate, is a "maybe" for her cousin-in-law Princess Eugenie's wedding on October 12 because she's determined to be by Pippa's side when she gives birth. Shop Pippa's summer-perfect look (bike and all) below:Celestia Embroidered Dress, $158 SHOP ITPenelope Chilvers Dandy Star Slippers, $228 SHOP ITPendleton Ashwell Hybrid Bike, $337 SHOP ITPendleton Wicker Style Front Basket,  $51 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She's Prince Harry and Prince William's third cousin.The title of "most beautiful member of the royal family," doesn't belong to Kate Middleton or even royal newcomer Meghan Markle. No, Lady Amelia Windsor holds that honor. If you're wondering, "Wait, who is she?" I shall clue you in. The 22-year-old royal is Prince Harry and Prince William's third cousin—her grandfather is Prince Edward, the Duke of Kent, who is first cousins with Queen Elizabeth II. While it might take you a day to figure out all the nuances of the British royal family tree, it'll take you about five seconds to realize Lady Amelia Windsor is the most stylish young royal of 2018. Aside from her impeccable taste in clothes—she loves bold prints and colors—Lady Amelia Windsor is a model, so there's that. She's appeared in Vogue and attends Fashion Week every season, sometimes walking the runways. The royal even landed on Vanity Fair's International Best Dressed List in 2017. Get to know Amelia even better, ahead, then give her a follow on Instagram to obsess over her outfits even more.She is Prince Harry and Prince William's third cousin and 38th in the line of succession to the British throne. Her paternal grandfather, the Duke of Kent, is a first cousin of Elizabeth II (their fathers were brothers whose father was King George V—following all that?). Meanwhile, her parents are George Windsor, the Earl of St. Andrews, and Sylvana Tomaselli, Countess of St. Andrews. Lady Amelia Windsor has two siblings: Edward, Lord Downpatrick, 29, and Lady Marina, 25. Coordinating parrot earrings with sleeves of top. Coordination vacation 🎨A post shared by  Mel Windsor (@amelwindsor) on Jul 7, 2018 at 3:56am PDTMany members of the British royal family (like Kate and Meghan) can't have their own social media. Lucky for us, Mel can. Here she is in a pic she posted on said account with a personalized clutch featuring her nickname.The royal is signed with Storm Model Management, an agency based in Chelsea, London. She was featured on the April 2016 cover of Tatler and on the August cover of Vogue Japan in 2017. Lady Amelia Windsor made her first runway appearance for D&G in February 2017, then again in September 2017. She looked stunning both times. The young royal attended the Giorgio Armani Prive Haute Couture spring summer '18 show, sitting in the front with Olivia Palermo, Sara Sampaio, and Sabine Getty. "After women, flowers are the most important creatures" Christian Dior - preach - an unreal exhibition 💖A post shared by  Mel Windsor (@amelwindsor) on Sep 12, 2017 at 6:16am PDTLady Amelia Windsor visited the Christian Dior exhibition at the Victoria and Albert Museum in London (known colloquially as "the V&A") and constantly shares fashion posts on her social media account. She has also worked for Chanel, Azzedine Alaïa, and interned at Bulgari. I would like  to frame this and put it above the fire place 🔥💗🔥A post shared by  Mel Windsor (@amelwindsor) on Dec 13, 2017 at 8:07am PSTLady Amelia Windsor has posted multiple photos of the chic, badass singer on her Instagram account. See here, here, and here. Very excited about @warchilduk and @penelopechilvers  collaboration. An incredible charity helping children in zones of conflict whether it be through education or mental rehabilitation and the prevention of vulnerable children being abused and neglected during conflict. Innocent lives that need to be protected and who are owed their basic human rights. It was a joy to collaborate with Penny and create a pair of boots, clogs and a belt with bright pink cow print. I wear PC boots every day and they are all hand made and crafted by artisans in Spain. I hope you enjoy  wearing the pieces and that they make you smile this summer whilst also remembering with every step that every child and person deserves to smile and live in peace  #slowfashion #warchilduk #peace #whatreallymattersA post shared by  Mel Windsor (@amelwindsor) on May 14, 2018 at 5:01am PDTLady Amelia Windsor released a shoe collab with Kate Middleton–approved label Penelope Chilvers. Twenty percent of the proceeds from her collection were donated to War Child, a charity that aids children in conflict areas. Gorillas R Us 🦍A post shared by  Mel Windsor (@amelwindsor) on Jul 20, 2018 at 4:25am PDTShe's not afraid to get silly and playful in pictures (refreshing since royals typically have to be so decorous), especially when she's not on the red carpet or attending Fashion Week shows.For Trooping the Colour (the Queen's birthday party) in June 2017 Lady Amelia Windsor chose a navy hat with white cross-hatched veil. Sunny Sweet n SourA post shared by  Mel Windsor (@amelwindsor) on Jul 26, 2018 at 4:00am PDTMel appears to mix-and-match her swimsuits (yellow and purple? why not?!) and wears whatever she likes, paying no mind to the trends.She wore a see-through Dior dress to the Christian Dior runway show in 2017 and another naked dress to the The Fashion Awards the same year. Lady Amelia Windsor attended the private view of Frida Kahlo: Making Her Self Up event in London in June 2018. She wore an artsy dress, cinched with a buckle belt, and wedge sandals. Polychromatic TangfasticA post shared by  Mel Windsor (@amelwindsor) on May 6, 2017 at 7:34am PDTThe model loves a good pair of statement earrings. She wore a red tassel pair with a pink top and yellow bottoms in this Instagram snap. Sum summer supplies 🌞A post shared by  Mel Windsor (@amelwindsor) on Jun 27, 2017 at 2:16am PDTOkay, I have a serious girl crush on this gal lady.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I only have one question: Was it heavy?All eyes are on the cast of Crazy Rich Asians this week, and rightly so. Not only is the box office success of this film super important (if it does well, other Asian films have the potential to be green-lit by Hollywood), but also, everyone in the cast is very, very beautiful. As the leading lady in the film, Constance Wu already proved she has both the acting and fashion chops to dominate the industry. The star arrived at Hollywood’s TCL Chinese theater two nights ago for her movie's premiere and stunned in a Ralph & Russo gown (a label favored by the likes of Bella Hadid and Meghan Markle). Wu worked with her stylist, Micaela Erlanger, to secure the dazzling off-the-shoulder gown. It took 490 hours for people to hand-embroider the dress, which also features over 200,000 Swarovski crystals and 90 carats of diamonds. While there was enough bling on Wu's dress to blind everyone in Hollywood, the tassels hanging from the Ralph & Russo design had a special meaning too. Given that Crazy Rich Asians marks an important moment in film history (it's the first all-Asian casted movie  in 25 years!) and the movie's based around an opulent world, the theme of Wu's dress tied neatly into this incredible journey. Admire her outfit from all angles below, then buy your ticket to see the movie's premiere on August 15.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The model is on vacation, and she looks very relaxed. Gigi Hadid took a break from her modeling duties to treat herself to a nice vacation. While her exact travel destination wasn't disclosed (could it be the Bahamas, or maybe Bali to hang out with Chrissy Teigen and John Legend?), she did share several snaps on her Instagram story to let her followers know she's OOO. In one of the snaps, Hadid is lying down while wearing an orange bikini top and an AllSaints Hawaiian print shirt. The model left her hair curly and appeared to be wearing no makeup. She accessorized with two necklaces, layered together, and looks chill AF.While I can't see her bikini in full, Hadid is wearing an orange swimsuit top from the label Fae. And, it's only $67! The affordable piece is still available to purchase along with the matching bikini bottoms, which is also $67. I know summer's almost ending on the east coast, but this swimsuit will be perfect for when you escape winter in December for the tropics. No word on if Hadid's boyfriend, Zayn Malik, joined her for this getaway. Though I shall be watching both their 'grams for clues. Shop Gigi's exact bikini, below:Fae top, $67 SHOP ITFae bottom, $67 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She wore red underwear and hopped into a pond.For Love Magazine's 10th anniversary issue, Kendall Jenner makes a splash on the cover—literally. Photographer Alasdair McLellan shot Jenner in London's Hampstead Heath park, which included having the model take a quick dip in the pond. (Question: was it clean to swim in there??) While the cover image only showed Jenner's body half submerged in water, another snapshot, posted by Love's Editor-in-Chief Katie Grand, showed Jenner floating on her back wearing only a pair of red underwear. Once you get past the fact that you're seeing Jenner's boobs on full display, the photo itself looks pretty #artsy. If I was her, I might even consider blowing the image up on a canvas and hanging it in my hallway or bathroom (?). Okay, yes, I'm weird. The 22-year-old model clearly has no qualms about posing nude though, as she's freed the nipples on more than one occasion and has even said on her website that "it's sexy" and "it's comfortable." If you've ever taken off, nay, immediately ripped off your bra after a long day at work, then you'll get Jenner's point. The star is one of many celebs covering Love's anniversary issue. Other notable names with covers include Gigi Hadid, Adwoa and Naomi Campbell, and Talea Lischetzki. Read on to see Jenner's NSFW photoshoot.  @kendalljenner photographed in Hampstead Heath ponds by @alasdairmclellan and @kegrand for her #LOVE20 cover. In her interview with Murray Healy she says, “I feel very, very blessed and I think that I live a very extraordinary life. I wouldn’t change it for the world but there are days where I wish I could walk outside and nothing would be like how it is right now.” #happytenthbirthdaylove  Make up @ctilburymakeup  Hair @jamespecis  Casting @bitton  Interview #MurrayHealyA post shared by  LOVE MAGAZINE (@thelovemagazine) on Jul 24, 2018 at 8:00am PDT who is she? @thelovemagazine @alasdairmclellan @kegrandA post shared by  Kendall (@kendalljenner) on Aug 8, 2018 at 8:58am PDT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I'll take a new one every year until I die, thanks.Every week, our editors will be sharing "the item they wear to death," whether it be a basic white tee or a super-trendy jumpsuit. Prepare yourself (and your credit card) for some guilt-free shopping.My mother and I have certain rituals. Every time I visit home, she makes a special trip to buy a specific pasta sauce that I can't bear to tell her I don't like. When I leave, she won't budge from the train platform, waving frantically through the window, until I'm out of sight. And each Christmas she gets me an obsessively practical present ("Oh, wow, it's a...pair of ski gloves!"). Which brings me to how, on Christmas Day of 2015, my sister and I both found ourselves—unexpectedly and reluctantly—the new owners of Longchamp "Le Pliage" backpacks."Hmmm," said my sister, who was 15 at the time and could get away with naked exasperation."Ah," I said. (At 25, I no longer had an excuse.) Then: "How...useful!"It was useful. An anxious mother's dream, the foldable bag has a secure interior pocket, plenty of space, adjustable leather straps, and is waterproof, tear-proof, shock-proof, you name it. It was nice enough. And it would, I knew, be banished to the back of my closet until I decided to Rid Myself of Clutter come January and give it to Goodwill.Now, thinking about the fate that could have befallen my beloved Le Pliage, I'm almost emotional.I don't know precisely how the Le Pliage backpack became the best thing that had ever happened to me. (Maybe my mom cast a spell on it?) One day, I was a normal bag consumer, trying out a satchel one year, a spacious handbag another. And suddenly, I was a person who knew, deep in my bones, that I would only ever buy versions of the Le Pliage backpack—it comes in nine colors!—for the rest of my life. Suddenly I was telling anyone who would listen about this magic lightweight bag that I could fit everything into—my laptop, a book or two, a charger, a magazine, a water bottle—like I had found Jesus. Suddenly, I was my mother.Until the Pliage came into my life, I thought of the "handbag" as an unwieldy kind of extra limb, a necessarily evil that I would no doubt forget on the subway, leave unzipped, or accidentally hit a pedestrian with. But in the years since I began using Le Pliage—I measure my life into two parts: pre- and post-Pliage—I've kind of forgotten I carry a bag at all. I've shoved all manner of things in it: a shirt, a baseball cap, a moisturizer, an iPad, a half-dozen packs of gum, a fifth of vodka (I kid! But it would totally fit). Never does it run out of space, except when I ask too much of it, like when I tried to shove eight books in there for a vacation and it protested. I don't blame you, Le Pliage! I blame myself. (Note: Longchamp is not paying me to say this. I can't imagine my earnestness is particularly on-brand.)I mean, I love this bag so much, I took it with me to meet Hillary Clinton.I took it all the way to Australia (where I had been promised sunny weather and was bitterly let down).I took it with me to roam the streets of New York, trying on finger puppets.And when I eventually shuffle off my mortal coil, you will have to pry the Pliage from my cold, dead hands. (I don't have a photo of that. Yet!)This has been my ode to Le Pliage. If you're as moved as I am right now, you can shop the bag itself in any of its nine shades, below.Longchamp, $125    SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"Meghan chose me for reasons other than just a beautiful dress."Designer Stella McCartney has spoken out about being tasked with the small, no-big-deal job of designing the dress for Meghan Markle to wear on the evening of her wedding to Prince Harry. The gown in question—that beautiful white silk halter neck—ended up gaining just as much adoration and attention as Meghan’s original Givenchy ceremony dress. Speaking to Elle, McCartney revealed why she thinks she was chosen and commissioned by Meghan—explaining that their relationship has gone beyond fashion and into a real friendship. "I think Meghan chose me for reasons other than just a beautiful dress,” the British designer said. “Plenty of people can do that. She is not a difficult client to make look beautiful. Amal called me and asked me to do it, as did Oprah. I look at that Amal dress, and it is made of sustainable viscose that took us three years to develop. And I think, obviously I am a British designer, but I think being a woman and being a women's woman played a part. They are all women's women. It's a big deal.”McCartney, who has collaborated with Meghan before on designs including her black coat for a visit to Wales in January, and the gown that she wore to the Royal Albert Hall in April, said that it was the Duchess of Sussex herself who reached out to her. "[Meghan] approached me and we worked on other things,” she continued. “She wore other pieces of mine and we had a friendship. And then she asked me to do her second wedding dress. I was honored and I still am.”When asked previously about her creation for the royal wedding, Stella told the BBC that the dress had to represent something incredibly special and unique. "The role that she's taken on is very austere,” the designer said at the time. “It’s very serious and I think there's a great weight that she has acquired through that and she takes it very seriously. It was the last moment that she could reflect sort of the other side to her... the joy and the human within her.”		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Can you see the butterflies?Actress, producer, entrepreneur, mother—Reese Witherspoon does it all. On Monday, the Big Little Lies star tapped into her entrepreneurial side when she attended an AT&T and Hello Sunshine event celebrating Shine on With Reese! (It's an unscripted docu-series where Witherspoon chats with female celebs and power women.)  Hello Sunshine is Witherspoon's multimedia company, and, together with AT&T, has debuted two new female-driven series to viewers. (If you know anything about the star, it's that she's a champion for more women producers and directors in Hollywood.)For the joyful celebration, Withersoon walked the red carpet in a feminine dress by Monique Lhuillier. Upon closer inspection, the black-and-white lace on her dress was actually in the shape of butterflies. The long-sleeve sheath dress featured a fitted silhouette, which perfectly suited Witherspoon's 5''1 frame, and looked both playful and sweet—a fashion vibe she usually goes for. The actress completed her outfit with a pair of ankle-strap bow heels and thin hoop earrings. Though her exact designer dress is completely sold out, you could potentially put yourself on the waitlist as its not expected to ship out until sometime October. If you can't wait to scoop up a butterfly printed dress, however, I found some viable options ahead.Shop similar dresses with butterfly motifs:Bottega Veneta, $1,095 SHOP ITBronx and Banco, $391 SHOP ITNeedle & Thread, $645 SHOP ITMarchesa Notte, $795 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The dress is done. Who's ready to party?It’s that time of year again: Your birthday’s a week away and you still don't have outfit…dammit! Before you frantically order 10 different dresses online, hoping one’s a winner, take a deep breath. Then, look to the stars for inspiration. No not the universe, Hollywood. Celebrities are known for throwing extravagant, outrageous celebrations (remember Kris Jenner’s Great Gatsby-themed party?), and obviously they wear fabulous ensembles to all of them.If you prefer a quiet b-day night at home in your pajamas, that's cool too. But, you can still use your birthday as an excuse to treat yourself to a little shopping. Plus, if you snag an LBD or jumpsuit you'll wear again and again, consider it an investment. Here, five memorable celebrity looks to inspire your next party #OOTD—they're all worth a selfie.Who can forget Kendall Jenner’s 21st birthday look? She wore an ultra sexy custom-made silver Labourjoisie minidress and looked like a glamorous '90s supermodel (she's a glamorous 2010s supermodel, so, fitting). The major style takeaway here? Don't be afraid to wear shiny, shiny sequins. The show-stopping shimmery material immediately puts you in the spotlight. Let the dress shine with a pair of clear heels and a lucite clutch. For an extra dose of fanciness, drape a furry stole over one arm.Shop the pieces: 1. Topshop flower sequin dress, $68; 2. Edie Parker clutch, $995; 3. Raye clear heels, $148; 4. Marni fur stole, $2,980I'm a firm believer that there's no occasion you can't wear a slip dress to. Find one in a silky texture, similar to what Emily Ratajkowski wore for her 25th birthday. While she accentuated her long legs with stiletto heels, I prefer sneakers for that cool-girl look. Add some delicate gold jewelry and your party outfit is complete. Shop the pieces: 1. Fleur du Mal cowl neck slip dress, $465; 2. Catbird gold ring, $75; 3. Jules Smith earrings, $65; 4. Veja leather sneakers, $120 Not any ol' black dress will do. Look for one with interesting elements (think: lace-up details or a body-con fit or both!), which, as with Bella Hadid's Dolce & Gabbana number, add a super sexy appeal. To tie the whole look together, wear diamond or crystal earrings, black heels, and a colorful bag. (It's always a good idea to include a dash of color somewhere.) There's really no kind of party this look wouldn't work for (I mean, you are the birthday girl).Shop the pieces: 1. Rebecca Vallance celestina dress, $312 and more sizes here; 2. Botkier crossbody bag, $228; 3. Steve Madden strap sandals, $90; 4. Gorjana cluster earrings, $50 For an end-of-summer birthday celebration, go with a breezy white dress, suited for daytime celebrations like a picnic or brunch at your favorite farm-to-table restaurant. While Rosie Huntington-Whiteley styled her white midi dress with heels and a belt, a sandal is more practical if you plan to be day drinking or bar hopping. Add a layered necklace and carry a floral bag for that final ode to summer.Shop the pieces: 1. Wayf cutout dress, $47; 2. Zac Zac Posen cross body bag, $350; 3. Madewell layer necklace, $48; 4. Pour La Victoire sandal, $137Pull a Jennifer Lopez and wear a pajama-inspired set on your birthday. J.Lo made her Zuhair Murad two-piece look seductive by letting her top drape open to reveal a bra. (Her pants also came with a thigh-high slit). If you're not comfortable with this much skin exposure, however, you can still elevate your nighttime look with a pair of printed pumps and a studded clutch. This whole outfit is the definition of comfy, but make it fashun.Shop the pieces: 1. Equipment velvet pajama set, $200; 2. Jerome Dryefuss clutch, $230; 3. Sam Edelman pumps, $150		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's wedding season and Meghan Markle's royal calendar has been full since her own highly-anticipated, internationally-televised wedding in May. Since walking down the aisle herself, Meghan has attended not just one, but two royal-adjacent weddings as Prince Harry's plus one. In June, Harry and Meghan attended his cousin, Celia McCorquodale's, wedding. Celia is the niece of Harry's mother, the late Princess Diana. This weekend, Meghan spent her 37th birthday at the wedding of Harry's childhood best friend, Charlie van Straubenzee and Daisy Jenks. Both were summer weddings. Both were the weddings of people close to Harry. Both were sure-to-be-photographed affairs—but Meghan's looks for the two weddings couldn't have been much more different. Let's compare. For Celia's wedding, Meghan splashed out big (or Prince Charles did, anyway) on a flowy, blue and white Oscar de la Renta dress that cost $5,490.Meghan paired the light, airy dress with a white,  $49 fascinator from Marks & Spencer. Buzzwords for Meghan's June wedding look: Dainty. Delicate. Effervescent.For van Straubenzee's wedding this weekend, Meghan went in a totally different direction in just about every imaginable way. Here's what the looks have in common: They are both dresses and they were both worn by Meghan Markle. Instead of light and bright, Meghan went with a darker, bolder dress from Club Monaco. At $328, the Shoanah Dress is also considerably more affordable than the Oscar de la Renta Meghan wore to Celia's big day. While the top of the dress was pure navy, the real star of the look was the dress' pleated, multi-colored skirt, which commanded attention in diagonal splashes of blue, green, and pale pink. Meghan also went darker with her fascinator, sporting a black piece from her favorite milliner, Philip Treacy. Buzzwords for Meghan's August wedding look: Bold. Fun. Playful. Now we just have to wait and see what Meghan wears to Princess Eugenie's wedding in October. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Yesterday, Charlie van Straubenzee married Daisy Jenks in a royal-studded wedding in Surrey. The event was famously attended by Prince Harry and Meghan Markle (on the Duchess of Sussex's 37th birthday, no less). Harry, who has been close friends with van Straubenzee since they attended Ludgrove Prep School in Berkshire together as kids, served as best man.  Harry and Meghan were by far the most famous royals (/humans) in attendance at the wedding, but they weren't the only ones. Harry cousin, Princess Eugenie of York, was also there to celebrate van Straubenzee's special day and she proved she is not a one-trick pony in the eye-grabbing accessory game. Eugenie is known for her eccentric taste in hats, most notably, this masterpiece that she wore to Prince William and Kate Middleton's wedding in 2011: At the van Straubenzee wedding, Eugenie traded in her fascinator for a pair of intense sunglasses that are just a joy to behold. From a distance, you're like, "What are you talking about? They're just black sunglasses." No big deal, right? Wrong. They are amazing, which becomes apparent the moment you get close. Eugenie, who attended the wedding with her fiancé, Jack Brooksbank, wore a pair of black, round sunglasses, ringed in a white outline that makes them look weirdly (and wonderfully) science fiction-inspired: The closer you zoom, the better they get:No jacket? No problem. That's just less to distract from the sunglasses (which admittedly start to have a little space-age vibe if you look at them long enough). Which accessory will Eugenie claim next? I honestly cannot wait. She is the Lord Disick of royals (but in a good way, I promise). 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			This means I can wear a hoodie, right?You've seen the movie: Recently single heroine sees ex with new girlfriend in the grocery store. Heroine ducks behind a display of cereal boxes, because being single is a weird, new feeling; it makes you wear your pajamas all day while eating ice cream straight out of the quarter-size container. I'm 90 percent sure this was a scene out of How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days... Anyways, these types of situations do happen IRL—like when you happen upon your new boss on your way to Sunday Funday, or are seated next to your frenemy at a mutual acquaintance's dinner party—and when they do, it's best to be armed with a cute outfit. Here, 5 dressed-down outfits that are presentable enough for any type of encounter.The phrase "casual and cute" signals to me that the look took less than five minutes to put together. First you'll need jeans because they go with everything. Second, you'll need a v-neck or crewneck tee of your choice. To take this plain outfit from drab to fab, focus on the outerwear: Cover up with a blazer for a hint of sophistication and, if your outfit is lacking color, add in a bright pair of earrings or floral boots. The beauty of this ensemble is that it combines all your basic pieces together to form a fresh new look.Tibi plaid blazer, $895SHOP ITMadewell black tee, $19SHOP ITBanana Republic girlfriend jeans, $55SHOP ITUncommon Matters earrings, $273SHOP ITKG Kurt Geiger floral ankle boots, $115SHOP ITHoodies are cozy, warm, comfortable—they're amazing. I wear one at work when the AC is blasting, I lounge in one while watching The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills reruns on Sundays, and I definitely have hoodies in at least five different colors. If you thought this casual piece was reserved for lazy days only, however, you're wrong. A simple way to elevate said hoodie is with a pair of sleek trousers (bonus points if they're silky) and kitten heel mules. The polished-ness of your pants will balance out the relaxed feel of your hoodie. If you think the outfit's still missing something, layer on accessories like a cool belt or designer bag.Diane von Furstenberg cropped hoodie, $155SHOP ITJuicy Couture striped pants, $108SHOP ITSchutz, $180SHOP ITIf you associate the word "casual" with sweatpants, same. Thanks to the rise of athleisure, there now exist stylish pairs you can leave the house in. Draw inspiration from this fashion week-goer and pair your sweats with a classic button-down. The juxtaposition between loungewear and 9-to-5 work top gives you that effortless, I tried (but not too hard) look. For an extra dose of comfort, style your outfit with sneakers. Aritzia button-down shirt, $65SHOP ITVetements sweatpants, $880SHOP ITJules Smith choker necklace, $100SHOP ITVans sneakers, $60SHOP ITIf you own a denim jacket, you already have the perfect casual-but-cute piece in your wardrobe. This versatile outerwear works with spring dresses, chunky wool sweaters, ruffle blouses, t-shirts—the list goes on and on. Freshen up your black dress and jean jacket combo with a pair of leopard print boots. Cool footwear is the quickest way to turn your look into a street style hit. Ksubi denim jacket, $313SHOP ITFelicity & Coco, $98SHOP ITRollie leopard print boots, $180SHOP ITBaggu leather tote, $160SHOP ITFor a cute and casual look that requires minimal effort, wear the same color from head to toe. All-black is typically my go-to, but for a slight twist try, navy or camel (still neutral, more interesting). Take a page out of this street style star's book and build a monochrome outfit out of two pieces: a soft sweater and a pair of sleek trousers. Add a splash of color with your footwear. What appears to be a complicated outfit, will, in reality, take you only minutes to throw together.J.Crew tippi sweater, $79SHOP ITTibi wide-leg twill trousers, $174SHOP ITLe Specs x Adam Selman sunglasses, $118SHOP ITSam Edelman flats, $56SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			My sister and I can relate.Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie of York may just be one of the most famous and stylish royal pair of siblings out there. Fans watch their every fashion move. I mean, remember when everyone freaked out over Beatrice's potential hat choice for Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's wedding? (Both York sisters ultimately chose to wear less elaborate fascinators on the big day.)  Given their celebrity status, they're constantly scrutinized by the public. The two, for the first time ever, gave a joint interview to British Vogue to discuss this not-so-fairytale side to being princesses, which involves enduring "mockery" and criticism. Outside of all this, however, the sisters seem relatively relatable. Both Eugenie and Beatrice have Instagram accounts (you can follow Eugenie here) and like most brides, Eugenie uses Pinterest to get wedding inspo (she's getting married in October). The two, similar to most sisterly pairs, also fight over clothes. In one of the most lol-worthy moments in the interview, Beatrice jokingly said, "One of the biggest fights we ever had was about a pair of Converse trainers. We have the same size feet and both of us had identical pairs. One pair got trashed and the other sister may have swapped them."Wait a minute, guys, you mean these?Yep, just like most sister duos, Eugenie and Beatrice borrow, or sometimes take, each other's clothes too. While they didn't elaborate on the color or style of the shoe they both own (was it high tops? low tops??), I did find plenty of Converse kicks to shop below, should you suddenly want a pair.Converse low top sneaker, $50Comme des Garçons PLAY x Converse Chuck Taylor sneakers, $135Converse colorblock sneakers, $65		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			They go with everything in your closet.When it comes to Katie Holmes' style, it's simple but put together. She invests in basics like tees, denim skirts, floral dresses, and jumpsuits—all with a less-is-more style approach. Holmes' non-flamboyant fashion sense has managed to help her keep a low profile in crowded places, like riding the New York City trains completely undetected. On Wednesday, the star showed off her effortless city style again when she stepped out with her daughter Suri. Holmes wore a lacy white blouse and cropped blue jeans with a pair of understated Chloé ballet flats. The beige color blended almost perfectly with Holmes's skin, rendering the flats nearly invisible. She seems to have an affinity for nude flats; she also posted this Instagram photo of herself and her daughter wearing nearly identical shoes two days ago. While I'm not positive where she got those, I do know her Chloé flats literally go with everything in one's closet. It can be worn with your favorite jeans, a cute summer dress, or work trousers. Plus, Holmes's isn't the the only a fan of the scallop style shoes. Celebrities from Reese Witherspoon to Mandy Moore own a pair too, making it a must-have item.Shop Holmes's exact flats below, plus similar styles.Chloé, $495Esprit, $39Athena Alexander, $61		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Trade in your oversize work tote for a chic pyramid bag.In the market for a new handbag? (When are we not, tbh?) You've come to the right place. We've got a few more weeks left of summer before fall officially rolls in, and with that, a new season of clothes and accessories to shop. Don't be bummed if your woven bag or pineapple printed tote doesn't match your furry coat or suede knee-high boots: Autumn whisks in a fresh selection of purses, from mini designer creations to shearling-covered pieces. Ahead, the hottest bag selections for next season that will keep you up all night shopping.Balenciaga, $1,790SHOP ITAfter the debut of Jacquemus’s “Le Sac Chiquito” micro bag earlier this year to much fanfare, other designers are following suit. Enter Demna Gvasalia of Balenciaga, who designed this tote out of red textured leather and printed the brand’s name across the bottom in bold lettering. Get accustomed to traveling light, though, as this tiny bag can only hold the bare necessities: a cellphone, a cardholder, keys, and chapstick.Rebecca Minkoff, $98SHOP ITA Belt bag is really just your dad’s favorite fanny pack reinvented. The updated designs feature textures like suede or leather and distinctive details such as fringe or studs. You can wear the bag around your waist or slung diagonally across your shoulders à la Kendall Jenner or Kaia Gerber. This trend hit its peak in spring/summer, but for fall there are countless fresh options, like this Rebecca Minkoff number.Stuart Weitzman, $950SHOP ITStuart Weitzman’s new signature handbag silhouette is called "The Shoebox," which is perfect if you're obsessed with its footwear. This particular shoulder bag style comes in two colors and is accented with square studs and cylinder hardware details. You can dress this handbag up with an LBD or down with jeans and a tee—I prefer the latter.Fendi, $2,290SHOP ITNext season, you’ll see the return of logos. Brands are stamping their iconic monograms on clothes, shoes, and bags. (Dior even brought back its iconic logo saddle bag!) My personal favorite is this trendy, but not overly splashy Fendi flap bag. The black embossed double F logos blend in with the smooth calfskin leather for some subtle branding. Michael Michael Kors, $398SHOP ITFashion Week designers like Tom Ford and Versace presented chain strap bags on the Fall ’18 runways, so expect others to release their own versions. Michael Kors combined traditional gold hardware with leather for his bag's straps and even included lion head designs inspired by the designer's astrological sign, making the item a trendy must-have for fashion lovers. Wear it with your favorite summer dress now, then a denim jacket once the weather gets cooler.Hunting Season For Carolina Herrera, $975SHOP ITBrands are finding ways to make vintage trunk-inspired handbags feel relevant in 2018. Take Hunting Season x Carolina Herrera’s limited-edition multi-striped crossbody bag. While the silhouette looks old school, the array of playful colors and reptilian texture make it feel new. If you’re not a fan of the hues, the label offers three more color options, ensuring every shopper gets what she desires.Nita Suri, $725SHOP ITThe focus for fall handbags is shape: You have the pouch, the trunk, and now the pyramid silhouette. First spotted on the Moschino and Marni fall runways, this architectural bag is constructed with sharp, elegant lines and adds a mystical feel (perhaps because you’ll think of ancient Egypt?) to any outfit. Give your favorite black crossbody a rest and reach for this funky new design to step up your fashion game. Topshop, $55SHOP ITYou likely saw the woven circle bag make the Instagram rounds this summer. Come fall, that circular shape will still be popular but instead of raffia, expect leather. The material is more polished and richer—perfect for the cooler months ahead. I plan to ditch my massive work tote for this cute circle bag on the weekends.Mango, $70SHOP ITNineties-inspired fashion is alive and well, with beaded bags in dazzling rainbow colors quickly becoming a cult accessory for spring and summer. If you've yet to buy one, though, fall is the perfect time to finally scoop this style up. Autumn will bring deeper shades (think: coffee and chocolate). I personally have my eye on this $70 Mango piece.Staud, $275SHOP ITPouch bags—their silhouettes remind me of soup dumplings—are in, and I 100-percent support the trend. One of my favorites is Stand’s “Grace” bag, which is made with cowhide and a patent finish. A braided strap forms a cute little handle for you to tote this tiny bag (it only measures 8.75 inches in height and 6.75 inches in length) around to parties. Like Dreams, $68SHOP ITIf you need an occasion bag, this feminine box clutch with a pale pink top handle fits the bill. Designed to look like an abalone shell (notice the smooth, glossy finish), this structured accessory is fancy enough for all those fall weddings you’ll attend. Best of all, the bag looks expensive, but the price is actually quite modest.Danse Lente, $470SHOP ITAnyone else want to pet the plush white shearling on this bag? Danse Lente’s use of mixed materials and cool structural shapes make its shoulder totes look and feel different than other ones on the market. This bucket bag will make a serious street style statement for September Fashion Week, so I’m already adding it to my checkout cart.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			“I was, I think, our best tester at many different sizes.”Khloé Kardashian is officially in the activewear game. Good American—the brand Kardashian launched in 2016 with partner Emma Grede—is adding workout gear to its lineup. Like the jeans that made the brand $1 million the day they dropped, Good American's Performance activewear is all about fit and inclusive sizing, offering sizes XS-4X. Ahead of the launch, MarieClaire.com spoke to Kardashian and Grede about the new line, how getting dressed feels different after having a baby, and whether leggings really are pants.Marie Claire: What made you take the leap from jeans to activewear? Khloé Kardashian: Our whole design team is women, and I think, when you're making something as intimate as athleticwear, you're really at your most vulnerable place, and even if you're trying to get into shape or just had a baby, you want to still feel and look your best. Sometimes I know the most daunting part about getting back in shape is going to the gym in public, people don't feel comfortable. So, feeling your best and looking your best in your workout clothes really was important to us and making sure that fit was right. But I think someone designing for a woman's body should be a woman so they know exactly what we're looking for and what we want when we're in those gnarly positions of working out.Good American Break Through Crop Top, $85 SHOP ITGood American Break Through Leggings, $119 SHOP ITGood American Icon Crop Top, $75 SHOP ITGood American Icon Bike Short, $65 SHOP ITGood American Break Through Sports Bra, $69 SHOP ITGood American Break Through Leggings, $119 SHOP ITGood American Crossback Icon Bra, $59 SHOP ITGood American Icon Legging, $89 SHOP ITMC: Totally. It's become such a thing to be able to throw on workout clothes to get brunch. That's my favorite look: Like I could be working out this weekend.KK: I was gonna say, that's my favorite part about it all [laughs]. I think Emma and I really kept that in mind as well and being from L.A., everyone kind of lives in yoga pants in L.A.  We have this great catsuit because you can wear it and if you're working out, great, and then if you have a leather jacket in the car, you can [throw it on to] go get drinks with your girlfriend, it doesn't really matter. And I think from our experience wearing workout clothes, you never know if you're running to go pick up your kids or going to brunch, it's just kinda, the day just goes on, so why not look really good and have clothes that you know can take you through a couple hours of the day. It's not just for workout purposes.   Emma Grede: That was really one of the things that we were...Right from the beginning, Khloé said to me, "This really needs to take me from the hardest workout right throughout my day." So, the collection is really half-half. Everything that's in the collection, you can sweat in and you can have a great workout. And everything from the collection really works together: We've taken really all of that stress out of pairing things together. Alexa: play let’s get physical by Olivia Newton-John 🎶 Dropping August 2ndA post shared by  Khloé (@khloekardashian) on Jul 27, 2018 at 11:45am PDTMC: Khloé, you're also a big proponent of working out and you share so much of your workouts on social media. Why is that important to you? KK: Working out is like my sanctuary and it's my form of therapy. It's not even about a weight number. I don't care about that. I actually...I love muscle more than anything, so I don't care how heavy or how much the scale says. I just love the way I feel mind, body, and soul. It's really centered me, and I know it probably sounds really over-dramatic, but it has saved me in a way. And it's made me a better, calmer person. I know how to channel all my energy I guess. I want to promote a healthy lifestyle and I think that's also where people get things really confused. People think, 'Oh you have to be really skinny to mean that you're really healthy.' And that's something that Emma and I totally disagree with. That's what we love about our #GoodSquad and our girls. I want to promote women of all different shapes and sizes and heights and everything, because these women still work out and they live healthy lifestyles. Not everybody wants to be a size zero, two, or four. Some people are very comfortable being a size 16 or a 22 and that's beautiful. We want to highlight that. So, for me, working out is really important for my day-to-day and my sanity. But it's also, I like to promote just living a healthy lifestyle. And that doesn't mean being a size four. And I really hate when people emphasize skinniness with healthy. Because I know a lot of skinny people that are really unhealthy.MC: Khloé, you're a new mom. Did that change the way you look at activewear at all? Or change how you feel when you're getting dressed or going to work out? K: I think when you're in shape or just really comfortable with your body, you feel like you can put on anything and you're good to go. And then right after a baby you’re just like, "Oh my gosh." Your stomach, you just need a little bit holding it in, if you want—right after a baby, it's hard to explain, you feel less supported in your stomach area. And so, for me, I love that we go an inch higher than most workout pants and that really made a big difference for me. I felt much more supported working out and just the compression fabric alone really made a difference for me. I also really appreciated being able to test all the clothing at many different sizes after my baby, because I was able to really confirm, 'Ok, there's no see-through-ness, everything is doing exactly what we were hoping and, you know, spending so much time designing for it to do.' I was, I think, our best tester at many different sizes.MC: So, the line really is all about confidence, where does your confidence come from? And on those days that you don't feel motivated or are having a bad day, where do you find that confidence? K: For me, honestly my confidence has always been from my family. I was always from a very loving and supportive family. I am the first one to say that I didn't know that I was chubby or overweight until I got in the public eye. No one in my family ever made me feel that way. And I didn't know. I have always been super confident and when I started, I remember I was on a blog and they said something about my weight and I was like, "Wait, I'm fat? Someone called me fat?" I just, like, laughed at it because I was like, 'I'm not fat, no one has ever said that to me before.' And I love that no one really called me fat before. I just love that, my whole life, my family, they just didn't see that. They saw my heart and our love for each other, so I'm so thankful for that. I've just always had a bizarre amount of confidence ever since then. For the motivation, honestly, you do have to motivate yourself and we all need help sometimes. Sometimes if I’m on social media or a see another woman that empowers me or motivates me I'm like, "Okay, I got this and I can do this." And, literally, as soon as I get into the gym I feel great and then it's like, I just keep going and I can't stop because I love it. But sometimes you do need that extra push just to get into the gym. I just motivate myself. I set very small personal goals, because one you accomplish them you feel really good. So, I set small, realistic goals and when I accomplish it, I set another small, realistic goal. So, I never feel overwhelmed or discouraged if I don't get there. And that's something that's always really helped me on my fitness journey.MC: What's your favorite kind of workout these days, and what is your favorite item from the collection to wear while doing that workout? KK: I love, love, love to box. I think it's such great cardio and you distract yourself so you don't really realize you're doing cardio. I also love circuit training because you can focus in on something, it's so cool. You're just controlling how you want to build your body basically. Like, do I want better arms, and if so, these are the workouts to do. It's just crazy that we're able to, you really have full control over how you form your body and I don't know I love it, it's fascinating to me.   I love our compression workout pants. With the high-waist, even right after having the baby, I felt like I could take my shirt off and I just felt really good and everything was holding in. I just love the compression on your tummy, and, like I said, after a baby you just feel really out of whack, your body. And holding in my lower stomach, I just felt a lot more comfortable working out and starting to do abs because you have to start up slowly, and that really made a big difference for me.EG: I love to train with a trainer, but doing those classes, like a SoulCycle or a Barry's, sometimes they're so convenient that you can just jump in on the hour and do those types of things.    I'm feeling like now is the moment for a bike short. I'm embracing these bike shorts like there's no tomorrow. That's definitely my favorite piece right now. It's a really flattering shape. It hits at the right place and they're really high-waisted, ours have this nice band on the top. It's actually super flattering.MC: Why was it so important for you both to make this collection such a range of sizes? EG: That's what we do at Good American. When Khloé and I set out to create this brand we were very steadfast in our principles and beliefs and what we really felt like we should be doing. So, the launch of activewear is no different from what we've been doing from day one. We believe in inclusivity in every sense of our business, whether that comes from a size point of view, a diversity in our casting, a price point of view, we want to make our product as accessible to as many people as possible. We've spoken about how antiquated we think the fashion industry can be and so for us there was never a question of, are we going to try to do this in as many sizes? Technically, it's quite difficult, but we, again, we're both perfectionists and we work long and hard to make sure that we could do this in seven sizes and encapsulate that full size range, so it's a core principle of our brand and anything that we do and anything we launch in the future we're going to always be available in a really wide size range. We only work with the partners that will support the full size range and we're doing exactly the same here. So, Nordstrom, Six:02, and Selfridges are taking all the sizes. It's something we live and die by.MC: Where do you fall on the leggings are or are not pants debate? EG: They're pants!  KK: They're fucking pants. I, especially after baby, I think I have needed to look myself in the mirror and been like, "Okay, you've got to get out of these. It's okay. Put back on your jeans," and that also felt really good to have that talk with myself in the mirror because I really got too comfortable in my leggings every single day.   Shop Good American's new activewear here.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			An inclusive range of leggings, shorts, sports bras, and more, courtesy of Khloe Kardashian.Good American Break Through Crop Top, $85 SHOP ITGood American Break Through Leggings, $119 SHOP ITGood American Icon Crop Top, $75 SHOP ITGood American Icon Bike Short, $65 SHOP ITGood American Break Through Sports Bra, $69 SHOP ITGood American Break Through Leggings, $119 SHOP ITGood American Crossback Icon Bra, $59 SHOP ITGood American Icon Legging, $89 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			They were designed from scratch in four weeks.Riccardo Tisci is ushering a new creative wave into the luxury brand Burberry. Today, Tisci, the chief creative officer of the fashion house, unveiled Burberry's new logo: "Burberry London England" in black capital letters over a white print. Tisci also unveiled a new monogram print—white B letterings intertwined in an orange and-beige woven pattern. The bright design was inspired by Tisci's dive into Burberry's archives, where he found a design from 1908.In a series of emails released on the brand's Instagram account, they showed Tisci asking Peter Saville (he re-designed the Calvin Klein logo with Raf Simons last year) to design the logo and monogram in just four weeks. Saville delivered. "Peter is one of our generation's greatest design geniuses," said Tisci in a statement. "I'm so happy to have collaborated together to reimagine the new visual language for the house." This new logo is the first update for Burberry in decades, which marks an important point in history for the luxe brand and comes just in time before Tisci's first Burberry runway show at London Fashion Week in September.  The #Burberry Logo August 2018 . ‘Peter is one of our generation’s greatest design geniuses. I’m so happy to have collaborated together to reimagine the new visual language for the house.’ – #RiccardoTisciA post shared by  Burberry (@burberry) on Aug 2, 2018 at 4:00am PDTFormerly of Givenchy, Tisci took over Burberry after Christopher Bailey, then chief creative officer and president, left the company in 2017. As designers jump from one fashion house to another, you can most definitely expect a change in that brand's visions and designs. As a fan of Givenchy, I, for one, can't wait to see what Tisci brings to the table for Burberry at FW. The #ThomasBurberryMonogram August 2018A post shared by  Burberry (@burberry) on Aug 2, 2018 at 4:57am PDT A conversation between #PeterSaville and #RiccardoTisciA post shared by  Burberry (@burberry) on Aug 2, 2018 at 2:29am PDT Discussing the #Burberry archive . #RiccardoTisci #PeterSavilleA post shared by  Burberry (@burberry) on Aug 2, 2018 at 2:32am PDT The #ThomasBurberryMonogram pattern revealed . #RiccardoTisci #BurberryA post shared by  Burberry (@burberry) on Aug 2, 2018 at 2:34am PDT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Never enough beanies. If you've been keeping up with Meghan Markle's and Kate Middleton's style over the last six months, you know that they can both make a hat look damn good, which also means they've officially inspired our wardrobe for fall. Sure, straw hats and visors are great in the summer, but the chic fedoras, slim berets, and cozy beanies that come out in autumn provide even more opportunities to hide bad hair days and accessorize like a pro. Shop the best cool-weather headwear you'll want to wear all season, ahead. Eugenia Kim, $93SHOP ITAnthropologie, $58SHOP ITDorfman Pacific, $95SHOP ITFrame, $85SHOP ITUrban Outfitters, $39SHOP ITASOS, $7SHOP ITUrban Outfitters, $24SHOP ITEugenia Kim, $315SHOP ITAnthropologie, $78SHOP ITAcne Studios, $150SHOP ITGents, $98SHOP ITAnthropologie, $48SHOP ITLola Hats, $195SHOP ITAnthropologie, $40SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Khloé was eight months pregnant at the time.The second installment of the Kardashian-Jenner sisters' Calvin Klein campaign is officially here. The Fall 2018 #MyCalvins shoot (photographed again by Willy Vanderperre) features all five sisters in the brand's signature underwear and denim—including an eight-months pregnant Khloé. "I think we were all a little more comfortable this time around, but shooting for Calvin Klein is always a little bit intimidating," Khloé told People of the shoot. "I stayed calm though, and it was nice to laugh a lot with my sisters throughout the whole day." On April 12, Khloé gave birth to her and Tristan Thompson's daughter, True.At the time of the family's first campaign, a secretly pregnant Kylie Jenner covered her body with a blanket in each shot. This time around, Kylie—who is now the mom to a baby girl, Stormi Webster—posed freely alongside her sisters (the same blanket in her hand).Without further ado, here's the campaign in full:		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Suddenly, all my shoes seem boring.After posting a cryptic Instagram photo of herself in a sporty look with the caption “player one,” Kendall Jenner finally revealed her full outfit. On Tuesday she stepped out in Calabasas to film interviews for her family's reality TV series, Keeping Up With the Kardashians, and wore a blue Adidas x Alexander Wang formfitting top with a pair of off-white jeans that cost a cool $585. "Cute," you might have thought when you saw Jenner's two-piece look. The real scene stealer, however, were her shoes.The model got out of her Ferrari in a pair of Prada shoes that were on fire—literally. The $1,365 orange wedge sandals featured fluorescent laser-cut flame accents on the back heels and sides that basically engulfed Jenner's feet in "fire." The footwear is part of Prada's Fall '18 collection and is a nod to the fashion house's iconic flame motif. While the shoes are a sight to behold and kind of intense–to be honest, I'm not sure if I'd ever wear them—Jenner effortlessly pulled it off with just a jeans and a top. Though, I would expect nothing less from the street style savvy model. While her exact orange heels aren't available online, I did find a black pair and a pink pair, ahead, should you want to test drive these babies yourself.  Prada 🔥🔥🔥A post shared by  Kendall (@kendalljenner) on Jul 31, 2018 at 4:01pm PDTShop the iconic flame sandals, below.Prada, $1,365 SHOP ITPrada, $1,365 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			They have a back pocket. And a belt loop.If you thought "nothing exciting has happened today," then you haven't seen Jennifer Lopez's thigh-high boots yet. Earlier today, the singer attended a Music Choice event in New York City and for the appearance, she wore an oversize white button-down shirtdress and knee-high denim boots. If I had walked by her, no matter how distracting the streets of NYC were, nothing could have distracted me from these shoes. The boots were designed to look like Lopez's pants slipped halfway down her legs. It had back pockets and a belt loop, which was convenient since a black belt looped around her thighs to cinch in the boots. A gold Medusa medallion shined brightly to let everyone know the design was by Versace. While denim boots aren't a new concept (I found similar pairs below because Lopez's, unfortunately, isn't shoppable), this particular designer boot is the closest I've seen to looking like real jeans.In fact, when I texted the photo to my boyfriend to ask for his opinions, he said, "It looks like she got her BF's jeans and rolled them around her ankles." (A-Rod, you hear that?)Shop similar denim boots, if you dare.Guess, $129 SHOP ITAlexander Wang, $340 SHOP ITBalenciaga, $796 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			From the dress to the shoes to the handbag because you can't ever be too prepared.It doesn't take an American Express survey to reveal you're hemorrhaging money on wedding season—your bank account probably already knows and doesn't want to talk about it. But the cool thing about preparing for a wedding is that if you find a dress you look stellar in (for amazing Instas, of course) and a pair of comfy heels to dance all night in, you can rock your wedding wear long after the reception's ended.Hence, our dressing for the fall wedding guide. Even though you probably have a few summer marriage ceremonies still left on the calendar, it's not too early to think about what you'll wear to all those nuptials next season. Below, colorful dresses, shoes, and jewelry options that you will want to all your cool-weather events this season—all suited for whatever your dancing, styling, and budgeting needs require.Once breezy summer styles like pastel-colored maxis are off the racks, in come the silky or velvety gowns in autumnal hues, like gold and burgundy. Look for dresses in rich, dark colors or moody floral prints that show you know the season's hottest trends. For a sexy silhouette, slip into a waist-hugging off-the-shoulder number. If you're into a more demure look, wear a figure-flattering cap-sleeve wrap dress. As long as you feel beautiful and comfortable in your gown, it's a winner.Shop the pieces: 1. Gal Meets Glam Collection off-the-shoulder dress, $101; 2. Alice & Olivia wrap dress, $440; 3. Maggie Marilyn red ruffle dress, $272; 4. Topshop slip dress, $75Once you have the dress, it's time to turn your attention to the shoes. A plain black strappy heel would theoretically match almost any dress, but you're not about to settle for a shoe that's just "meh." Look for the season's latest styles, like a slingback pump or kitten heel (perfect for dancing in all night). Should you want a pop of color, go with a bold and fiery red, like the pair from Alexandre Birman (pictured above). The laces fasten itself into a dainty little bow—much more eye-catching than a regular buckle. Shop the pieces: 1. Alexandre Birman ankle tie sandal, $595; 2. Bella Belle lace pump, $255; 3. Diane von Furstenberg slingback pumps, $248; 4. Schutz block heel sandals, $170Draw accessory inspiration from the runway (statement earrings are in). If your dress is simple and plain—nothing wrong with that—jazz up your look with colorful gemstone drop earrings. For more conservative dressers, consider swapping out your go-to gold hoops for crystal studs in the shape of mini icebergs. Finally, properly show off your jewels with a pulled-back hairstyle.Shop the pieces: 1. Tory Burch chandelier earrings, $198; 2. Shashi solar earrings, $55; 3. BaubleBar drop gem earrings, $48; 4. Deepa Gurnani leandra earrings, $98If you're not Kate Middleton, a clutch only comes out to play for fancy occasions (ahem, weddings). Luckily, there is no shortage of fashionable and affordable clutches—sequined pearl pouches, satin knotted bow clutches, the options are endless. When selecting the dainty accessory, double check to make sure it'll hold the necessities: your phone and a tube of lipstick for touch ups. The less items you have to carry, the more glasses of champagne you can hold.Shop the pieces: 1. Santi inimtation pearl clutch, $218; 2. Ted Baker knotted bow clutch, $109; 3. Zara beaded crossbody box bag, $70; 4. Asos marble clutch, $45		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Prepare to become obsessed with this royal.Royal women have at least one trait in common: impeccable taste in clothes. Granted, all of them need to dress to impress for the many public engagements they attend (galas, palace dinners, royal tours, etc.), and, like other aspects of their lives, there is surely a staff to assist them. But style seems to run through their veins. This much is true for Queen Letizia of Spain, who can hold her own amongst best-dressed royals, like Meghan Markle and Queen Rania of Jordan. Letizia, now 45, married King Felipe VI of Spain in 2004 and, since then, has amassed quite the designer wardrobe. Carolina Herrera, Hugo Boss, Felipe Varela, the names are endless. Perhaps her keen sense in fashion is enhanced by her brilliance: Prior to becoming queen, Letizia worked as a journalist for ABC, EFE, and CNN+ (she's the first Spanish queen to have been born a commoner). Queen Letizia doesn't just dress worldly, she is worldly. See her best looks, ahead.Queen Letizia wore a denim dress by Hugo Boss while visiting the Princesa de Asturias International School of Music in Oviedo, Spain. The knee-length designer number featured a collar, button details, and subtle striped belt.Queen Letizia and King Felipe VI of Spain visited the city of Bailen, Spain to mark the 210th anniversary of the Bailen Battle. For the occasion, the royal wore a white-and-black polka dot silk chiffon halter dress from Carolina Herrera. She accessorized with pumps from Steve Madden.Queen Letizia greeted APRAMP members (Association for the Prevention, Reintegration, and Care of Prostituted Women) in Madrid while wearing a white high-neck top and Hugo Boss snap button pants. Her navy and white Magrit heels complemented her outfit.Queen Letizia of Spain attended an event organized by the Mujeres Por Africa Foundation. She wore a white silk blouse and printed flare skirt, both by Adolfo Domínguez, and gray Magrit pumps.For Armed Forces Day in Logrono, Spain, the royal wore an orchid print Carolina Herrera coat from the designer's pre-fall 2018 collection. She paired the outerwear with heels in a matching shade.Queen Letizia wore a fashion-forward olive-green cape dress with matching python pumps to the Innovation and Design Awards in Alcalá de Henares in central Spain.Queen Letizia of Spain arrived to a meeting at the Spanish Association Against Cancer in Madrid in a traffic-stopping head-to-toe red outfit: robe coat, over-the-knee boots, handbag, and all.Queen Letizia of Spain attended the Princesa de Asturias Awards ceremony at the Campoamor Theater in Oviedo, Spain. For the event, she wore a black-and-white embellished floral dress.King Felipe VI of Spain and Queen Letizia of Spain attended the delivery of Princess of Asturias awards medals in in Oviedo, Spain. The royal wore a semi-sheer beige dress with a pink floral print.Queen Elizabeth II and Queen Letizia of Spain posed for a photograph ahead of a state banquet at Buckingham Palace. Letizia wore an off-the-shoulder beaded red gown and a dazzling bejeweled tiara.Looking like a street style star, Queen Letizia of Spain wore a white vest dress by Massimo Dutti with leggings while heading to the Museo Nacional de la Ciencia y Tecnologia in Madrid, Spain. King Felipe and Queen Letizia left their hotel to attend the private birthday party of King Willem-Alexander of The Netherlands. Letizia wore a Stella McCartney gown with an asymmetrical cape train.Not one to shy away from showing off her collar bone (a British royal no-no), Queen Letizia tucked her off-the-shoulder top into a pair of black pants while attending an awards ceremony in Madrid, Spain. The Spanish royal couple gathered for a Gala Dinner at the Royal Palace in Madrid, Spain. Queen Letizia wore a long-sleeve Felipe Varela black gown and accessorized with diamonds.Queen Letizia proves a trench coat is the ultimate wardrobe staple, even for royals. She wore hers with gray slacks while visiting the UNICEF Spanish Committee.Queen Letizia attended a gala dinner at Palacio de las Necesidades during her official visit to Portugal. She wore a long-sleeve, shimmery emerald dress by Felipe Valerla with matching green heels.For a visit to the Chamber of Commerce of Porto in Portugal, the royal covered up in a Felipe Varela pink textured coat over a lavender dress. Her accessories were also by Varela.Queen Letizia made an appearance at the Zarzuela Palace in Madrid, Spain. She wore a red Carolina Herrera crosshatch houndstooth blouse and gray high-waisted trousers from the fashion house. She completed the look with Uterqüe fabric heels.Queen Letizia of Spain attended the Red Cross Fundraising day event (Dia de la Banderita) in Madrid, Spain. She wore a white Hugo Boss top and Uterqüe red button culottes, which she paired with heels from the brand, and a pop of red lipstick.At a Spanish Association Against Cancer event, Queen Letizia broke up her white Felipe Varela suit with a star-printed blouse from Massimo Dutti.Queen Letizia of Spain attended the inauguration of the Royal Theatre Season in Madrid, Spain. She wore a black Felipe Varela dress with a scalloped lace hem and Magrit pumps.The royal wore a pink chiffon top and Hugo Boss gray skirt while visiting the Volkswagen Factory in Navarra, Spain. For the opening of the Madrid Book Fair in Spain, Queen Letizia showed off her playful feminine side once again with a pink sweater and gray skirt combo, both from Hugo Boss (royals! they repeat clothing! just like us!). She carried a Felipe Prieto clutch and wore pink reptile-patterned pumps from Magrit.Queen Letizia is a royal but she still keeps casual T-shirts in her wardrobe. She wore this striped tee from Massimo Dutti under a beige coat with black slacks while attending an event in Madrid, Spain.Queen Letizia arrived to the Zarzuela Palace in Madrid, Spain, for a meeting in a bold red Felipe Varela blazer. Underneath it, she wore a monochromatic blouse from Zara and Uterqüe wide-leg cropped trousers. She finished the look with Magrit black pumps.While meeting Queen Rania of Jordan in Madrid, Spain, Queen Letizia wore a gray cashmere skirt suit from Carolina Herrera. She accessorized with Prada pumps and carried a Hugo Boss black leather bag.Queen Letizia wore a Hugo Boss lambskin leather sheath dress to welcome representatives from the tenth edition of the International Prize "Yo Dona," in Spain.King Felipe and Queen Letizia visited the Velasquez Exhibition at Le Grand Palais in Paris, France. She wore a navy button-down shirt and a Carolina Herrera floral skirt with crisscross strap heels.Letizia and Felipe attended an official dinner at the Palacio Real de Madrid. The royal wore a textured red  ballgown.In 2009, then-Prince Felipe and then-Princess Letizia attended the PhotoEspana exhibition opening at the Real Jardin Botanico in Madrid, Spain. The princess wore a floral shirt dress and lace-up peep-toe heels.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The print is a work of art.Over the weekend, George and Amal Clooney whisked themselves away to Lake Como for some R&R with friends. The pair was spotted taking a boat ride to dinner at the Villa D’Este restaurant, where they were joined by Stella McCartney and her husband Alasdhair Willis. While George looked dapper in a gray suit, Amal went for a full-on vacation look that consisted of a one-shoulder silky top, mustard-colored shorts, and nude sandals. The most eye-catching piece in Amal's outfit was most definitely her printed top, which came from Monse's resort '19 collection. The asymmetrical number depicted a coastal scene with palm trees and vintage cars, which evoked summertime vibes. Given that Lake Como is located in Northern Italy and is known for its dramatic scenery, Amal's top could not have been more suited for her getaway. She then expertly tied a matching silk scarf around her neck and carried a silver clutch for accessories. Leave it to Amal to come up with the most casual yet glamorous dinner looks. While her exact designer piece isn't available to shop yet, I found similar top options below.Off-White, $508 SHOP ITRoland Mouret, $768 SHOP ITIsabel Marant, $158 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			 Even if the humidity kills your hair, the rest of you will look a-okay.Rainy days aren't just bad for hair (mine hangs limp and straight), but for our outfits too. I can't even count the number of times my soaked jeans stuck to my legs and my feet squished cold and wet in my shoes because I defiantly wore flats instead of rain boots. But through trail and error, I have finally decoded exactly what to wear when it rains, like swapping jeans for dresses and adding a bright raincoat to bring a little cheer to a rather dreary day. And, of course, a sturdy umbrella. Let these five rainy-day outfits inspire your look the next time it pours, and shop similar pieces, ahead.Bat away any rainy day blues with a colorful waterproof coat. Pink is a bold option, but also fun and stylishly feminine. As for what to wear underneath? If you’re on your way to work, a blazer, jeans (slacks, if your company’s dress code is more stringent), and a pair of comfy sneakers will do the trick. Should there be a downpour rather than a drizzle, skip the sneakers in favor of heavy-duty waterproof boots.Mira Mikati raincoat, $436SHOP ITLeith blazer, $45SHOP ITTreasure & Bond jeans, $89SHOP ITVans sneakers, $60SHOP ITThe only thing more annoying than rain when you're having a good hair day is a torrential downpour that completely drenches your jeans. Because sitting at your desk in bottoms still dripping water isn't pleasant or comfortable, I prefer to wear dresses (or light-weight leggings that dry rather quickly). Here's a foolproof rainy-day outfit: a raincoat, a T-shirt dress, and sporty sneakers.Herschel raincoat, $100SHOP ITFacetasm dress, $71SHOP ITFila sneakers, $75SHOP ITNo raincoat, no problem. Clear bubble umbrellas are the next best water-repellent accessory, providing coverage while allowing you to see the path in front of you. Opt for a cute long trench—like this street style star's—and leave it unbuttoned to show off your top, then wear with jeans and patent waterproof ankle boots. This look will come in handy when you're caught in the rain during Fashion Week. Derek Lam 10 Crosby trench coat, $695SHOP ITZara blouse, $39SHOP ITLevi's jeans, $98SHOP ITJeffrey Campbell patent leather boots, $60SHOP ITHunter Boot umbrella, $60SHOP ITWhen it rains, and getting dressed seems harder than usual, it's easy to default to an all-black outfit. Keep your look from fully succumbing to gloominess with a rainbow of accessories. This street style star gave her navy and black outfit life with a bright red top-handle satchel. Before you rush out the door, take a minute or two to throw on floral earrings or a colored gemstone ring to prove the weather won't bring down your style.Topshop raincoat, $63SHOP ITJ.Crew dress, $188SHOP ITBotkier handbag, $198SHOP ITUGG rain boots, $80SHOP ITYou probably witnessed this trick on every fashion girl last season: layer two coats (a trench and a see-through rain jacket) on top of each other. It's an effortless look that gives you instant street style cred. I, for one, am not over this layering hack and will continue wearing it throughout the year.MM6 Maison Margiela raincoat, $357SHOP ITMichael Kors trench coat, $150SHOP ITGrlfrnd jeans, $230SHOP ITMarc Fisher boots, $165SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Pippa Middleton has the exact same one.Meghan Markle might have access to every designer in the world, but she certainly hasn't forgotten about her go-to affordable brands. Pre-duchess life, the star was known for shopping at popular retailers such as J.Crew and Madewell. In fact, Meghan's beloved Madewell panama hat was something Meghan couldn't seem to part with once she became a royal—she was spotted in the hat earlier this month. On that note, the Duchess of Sussex attended the Sentebale Polo today and perfectly displayed her mastery for high-low styling. While attending the match to support Prince Harry, Meghan wore a fit-and-flare navy Carolina Herrera dress and Aquazzura pumps. (Note she wore heels instead of wedges because Queen E reportedly hates wedges.) The designer items were expected on Meghan as she's worn the luxury labels before. What was a little surprising, however, was her rather affordable accessory: a woven clutch from J.Crew. The royal casually held it in her hands and if not for some research by royal fans, us included, no one would have guessed it came from J.Crew. The summertime piece comes in two different colors, with Meghan's "pink multi" style selling out in a matter of hours. Before the "brilliant citron" color is completely gone too (use the promo code "flash" for an extra 30 percent off) shop it ahead. If you need further convincing it's a must-have, Pippa Middleton also owns the same bag.J.Crew, $30 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's the perfect dress to throw on to look exceptionally put-together.Every week, our editors will be sharing "the item they wear to death," whether it be a basic white tee or a super-trendy jumpsuit. Prepare yourself (and your credit card) for some guilt-free shopping.Getting dressed in the morning is always stressful for me. Nearly every day I stand in front of my closet wondering how I could possibly own nothing to wear, when there are so many things hanging there. Inevitably, I rotate through a few of the same, trusty items, one of which is Veronica Beard’s Sierra dress.This button-up, tie-front dress is the perfect one-and-done, don’t-think-too-hard (honestly who wants to think in the morning unless it’s about coffee or The Rock?) outfit that looks cute and professional and all the right things. Because of all this, I end up wearing the Sierra dress to work at least once a week. I bought it nearly a year ago and, unfortunately, I have almost worn it to death. Actually, it’s died and I’m still wearing it regardless.When I first got this sucker it had pretty (and very flattering!) pleats across skirt where it buttoned. I held out on dry cleaning it as long as possible knowing no magically fitting garment fits quite as magically after it’s washed, but eventually I gave in (I wear it once a week, I’m not a monster!), and poof, the perfect pleats were cleaned right out of it. Nevertheless, the pleatless dress is still a life-saver on a regular basis.Another key factor of this dress is that I’m comfortable in it—basically, I think it looks good on my bod. I have learned that Veronica Beard is a brand that fits me well—it cinches in the right places and lays neatly in all the others (also, pleats can be truly wonderful things)—so I own a second, similar VB dress that’s also a go-to: This one is sleeveless, striped, and slightly fancier, but it does the same job of giving me a boost of confidence and saving me from a morning meltdown when I pull it out of the closet. In fact, the only photos I could find of myself wearing either dress were pics I have with celebrities (#humblebrag), because both were situations where I wanted wanted to look nice.Also, Caitriona Balfe told me she liked my dress so...going to wear it forever!Veronica Beard Sierra Dress, $450 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			All the layering inspo I need.It's hard to get me excited for in-between seasons because transitional dressing isn't my forte. (How does one layer without looking bulky?!) However, Madewell's Fall 2018 collection comes close to convincing me that autumnal weather maybe isn't so bad after all. On Tuesday, the popular retailer released a lookbook (fashion speak for a collection of photos showcasing next season's pieces) containing clothes inspired by the American southwest. Fall's newest offerings include graphic print peasant blouses, denim shirts and skirts, and shearling outerwear. The clothes come in earthy tones and folky florals that speak to that dreamy, western vibe. As with most Madewell pieces, everything pairs excellently with jeans—an item I can't wait to wear again when the temperatures dip. While the products featured in the lookbook aren't ready to shop just yet, the brand, for the first-time ever, is allowing its "Insider" customers to pre-order pieces from the online lookbook as part of its loyalty program (maybe it's time to join?). If you're not part of the program, you'll have to wait until July 31 when pieces will begin to roll out from the collection. I'm not sure about you, but I personally have my eyes on the oversize lavender furry jacket. Get in my closet, please.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She's not over her vacation to Italy. Neither am I.Remember Kourtney Kardashian's Italian vacation earlier this month? She swooned around Instagram-worthy destinations such as Rome, Capri, and Portofino with boyfriend Younes Bendjima and her three children. During the trip, the 39-year-old star couldn't resist posting snaps from her trip, including some smoldering bikini selfies. It seems she isn't quite ready to let go of the vacation: Kourtney shared a stunning throwback swimsuit photo on Tuesday.In the photo, Kourtney is standing on the seats of a boat while wearing a teal swimsuit. The cutout one-piece, designed by Norma Kamali, perfectly highlighted her chiseled abs and arms. Kourtney then seemingly stared into the abyss while wearing a pair of ski-goggle inspired shades. It seems the reality star has an affinity for cutout swimwear; she captioned the 'gram: "Cutout swimsuits, on my app."While I tracked down her exact swimsuit—the style is called "Bernie"—the piece is sadly sold out. Not to fret, however, as we found similar styles below. This #throwback swimsuit photo comes a few weeks after her boyfriend Bendjima publicly shamed her for posting this sultry bikini pic. (No word yet if he called her out again, though I hope he has since learned better.) 🧚🏼‍♂️A post shared by  Kourtney Kardashian (@kourtneykardash) on Jul 24, 2018 at 11:25am PDTMikoh, $109 SHOP ITOYE Swimwear, $350 SHOP ITAdriana Degreas, $305 SHOP ITFlagpole, $375 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Do not pass these up. When a pair of Hunter rain boots that normally retail for $140 are $50 off during Nordstrom's amazing anniversary sale, you don't pass them up. They're certified life savers when you're commuting to work in terrible weather and don't want to slip and fall, or worse—ruin your shoes. Everyone and their mother has a pair of Hunter's for a reason. They're stylish, comfy, and can be worn in all weather conditions, including snow. A pair of rain boots is the most underrated item in a woman's capsule wardrobe, and if you don't know which fit is best for you there's a variety of styles to choose from that also happen to be on sale (!). In addition to the "Original Short" rainboot, there's a pair of "Quilted Gloss" Chelsea rain boots that are $55 off and come in a chic dark slate color (a.k.a. grey) that are still available in sizes 5-9. As for the original short rainboot, sizes 5-9 are also still available, and they come in a medium width in case you want to wear them with thicker socks when it starts to get cooler outside.You can get an incredible deal on the "Original Tall" version too, but only size 5 is left. These rain boots come in whole sizes, and it's recommended to order a size down if you're in-between.Shop these Hunter rain boots before they sell out, then scroll through more incredible deals, below, from Nordstrom's anniversary sale happening through August 5.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Khaleesi, is that you?Yes, you could slap on a pair of ears and a bodysuit and call yourself a mouse (duh), but it's always more fun to get creative for Halloween—from your hair to your carefully curated outfit. This year, draw inspiration for your homemade costume from these 12 pop-culture characters, ranging from culturally relevant to all-time classics.1. Crystal Primrose Hair Comb, $162SHOP IT2. Likely Driggs Dress, $178SHOP IT3. Le Specs Cat-Eye Tortoiseshell Acetate Sunglasses, $60SHOP IT4. Bling Jewelry, $33SHOP IT5. Long Black Nylon Gloves, $8SHOP ITA black cigarette holder in hand and you're all set to play one of Manhattan's most iconic silver screen socialites, Holly Golightly. The best part about this outfit is that you probably already own the work-friendly black sheath: now all you have to do is some light shopping on the accessories. 1. Halston Heritage Elbow Sleeve Gown, $147SHOP IT2. Anastasia Beverly Hills Brow Wiz, $21SHOP IT3. Yellow Gold Spike Band Knuckle Ring, $85SHOP IT4. Micah Light Gold Lace-Up Flat Sandals, $19SHOP ITTo portray the Mother of Dragons, hair and makeup is key from a waterfall braid to some heavily filled-in brows.1. Polka Dot Rockabilly Headscarf, $8SHOP IT2. Roll-Sleeve Denim Shirt, $88SHOP IT3. Sam Edelman Embellished Pump, $70SHOP IT4. 10" High Rise Skinny Jeans, $135SHOP ITPrepare your best flexin' poses. 1. Eleven Dress, $37SHOP IT2. Quilted Bomber Jacket, $59SHOP IT3. Converse Chuck Taylor High Top Sneakers, $55SHOP IT4. Leotruny Over the Calf Socks, $9SHOP ITThe only thing missing is a box of Eggo waffles. 1. Vintage Gingham Apron, $10SHOP IT2. Nautica Ruffled Button Front Top, $9SHOP IT3. Monki Metallic Socks, $6SHOP IT4. Red Glitter Mary Jane Shoes, $37SHOP ITDon't forget to click your heels twice and wear double ponytails. 1. Maximus Silky Hair Clip, $54SHOP IT2. Burberry Fur Coat, $3,495SHOP IT3. Lacoste Cotton Pique Polo Dress, $77SHOP IT4. Cole Haan Emmons II Loafer, $100SHOP ITSome heavy eyeliner and a blunt bob are the final accents to this iconic indie role. You could probably source everything from a faux-fur coat to some worn-in loafers at  a local thrift store, too. 1. Reversible Sateen Bomber Jacket, $80SHOP IT2. Suicide Squad Harley Quinn Raglan Tee-Shirt, $22SHOP IT3. Gold Spike Stretch Bracelet, $17SHOP IT4. Converse Chuck Taylor Americana High Top, $60SHOP ITLoad up on the spiked gold jewelry and eye makeup this year to play Suicide Squad baddie Harley Quinn. To complete the look, check out this makeup moment for inspiration and chalk-dye your hair in red, white, and blue.1. Scoopneck One-Piece Swimsuit, $88SHOP IT2. Flannel Check Long Sleeve Shirt, $2SHOP IT3. Moto Rich Indigo Jamie Jeans, $21SHOP IT4. Schutz Wedge Heeled Sandals, $180SHOP ITMickey, the lovable stoner cynic on Netflix's Love, also happens to have one of the most recognizable outfit combos in recent TV history, and we're okay with wearing this one way past Halloween.1. Retro Hippie Round Colour Lens Glasses, $10SHOP IT2. Laurette Dress, $30SHOP IT3. Jeffrey Campbell Over-the-Knee Boot, $185SHOP IT4. Sherpa Denim Jacket, $178SHOP ITPenny Lane's cool Band Aid aesthetic (complete with wild curls) from Almost Famous never gets old. This year, emulate the Free Love-era with a '70s-inspired Mongolian fur shawl collar and Penny's signature blue tinted lenses.1. Off-the-Shoulder Bodysuit, $37SHOP IT2. Chunky Hoop Earrings, $16SHOP IT3. Faux Leather Leggings, $65SHOP IT4. Kelsi Dagger Brooklyn Bergen Clogs, $53SHOP IT5. Rouge Allure Intense Long-Wear Lip Colour in 'Passion,' $37SHOP ITThe Grease heroine is a classic for Halloween moments from a red lip and tight curls to thigh-hugging leather. "Tell me about it, stud."1. Kiss Me Bow Top in Candy Pink, $39SHOP IT2. Faux Fur Jacket, $60SHOP IT3. Jacquard Weave Skirt, $40SHOP IT4. Charter Club Imitation Pearl Necklace, $20SHOP ITLots of fur, pink, and pearls then you've got Chanel's look from Scream Queens.1. Multicolor Butterfly Band, $4SHOP IT2. Vintage Wash Crewneck Tee, $13SHOP IT3. Satin Lipstick in 'Casablanca,' $31SHOP IT4. Vans Washed Denim Shoes, $40SHOP IT5. Orange Scrubs, $14SHOP ITNab Piper's look (or another of your favorite prison characters) from Orange Is the New Black with a pair of tangerine scrubs, understated sneakers, and a temporary tattoo—the more visible the ink, the better.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Twins.Listen, if Meghan Markle became my new cousin, I'd be following in her fashion footsteps, too. While attending an event in London on Wednesday night to honor the late Nelson Mandela's 100th birthday, Princess Eugenie wore the same Aquazzura heels that Meghan wore when she and Harry announced their engagement. While Meghan paired the shoes with a white Line the Label wrap coat and emerald green dress underneath, Eugenie wore an Osman three-quarter-sleeve asymmetrical dress (you can shop it here) in a different shade of green. The nude, strappy heels can go with practically anything, and both royals looked great in their respective outfits. Meghan is a big fan of the Italian shoe brand. She also chose to wear a pair of white Aquazzura pumps for her wedding, and re-wore them to the late Princess Diana's niece Celia McCorquodale's wedding in June.It will be interesting to see if Eugenie wears Aquazzura heels for her special day, too. Princess Eugenie is set to marry longtime boyfriend Jack Brooksbank in October. Like Harry and Meghan, they're also planning to invite members of the public to share their special day with them. The only downside: You have to be a resident of the U.K. in order to be considered.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			No Santal 33 gets left behind.Call it the month of deals, but Nordstrom's anniversary sale is the biggest one yet. From July 20-August 5, hundreds of items are discounted on the site—which means it's even harder to decide what's worth the time spent perusing through and, you know, the money. Between the great transitional pieces, chic oil diffusers, and that Santal 33 perfume, we've curated a roundup of the fashion, beauty, and home items you don't want to miss. Shop these and more favorites before they sell out, ahead. Gibson, $46SHOP ITOriginally $68Diptyque, $55SHOP ITOriginally $75Hunter, $100SHOP ITOriginally $150Rebecca Minkoff, $32SHOP ITOriginally $48Rebecca Taylor, $250SHOP ITOriginally $375Herschel, $100SHOP ITOriginally $150Cathy's Concepts, $42SHOP ITOriginally $63Serene House, $26SHOP ITOriginally $40Felina, $21SHOP ITOriginally $32Madewell, $130SHOP ITOriginally $198Jo Malone, $45SHOP ITOriginally $60Vince, $195SHOP ITOriginally $295BB Dakota, $70SHOP ITOriginally $105Alice + Olivia, $294SHOP ITOriginally $440Voluspa, $16SHOP ITOriginally $24BP, $32SHOP ITOriginally $49Marc Fisher LTD, $125SHOP ITOriginally $189Vince Camuto, $59SHOP ITOriginally $89Frye, $266SHOP ITOriginally $398Vince Camuto, $100SHOP ITOriginally $150Badgley Mischka, $300SHOP ITOriginally $495AGL, $240SHOP ITOriginally $365Era Home, $30SHOP ITOriginally $48Diff, $57SHOP ITOriginally $85Adidas, $60SHOP ITOriginally $80Mural, $99SHOP ITOriginally $148Rodin Olio Lusso, $89SHOP ITOriginally $125Astr the Label, $45SHOP ITOriginally $68Argento Vivo, $40SHOP ITOriginally $65J.Crew, $53SHOP ITOriginally $80		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Gone are the days of burlap sacks and tattered hand-me-downs. Dressing green is going chic. We’ve made strides in applying environmental and ethical practices to food (organic! Non- G.M.O! Locavarism!) and beauty (all-natural! Cruelty-free! Recyclable packaging!), but when it comes to greening our wardrobes, sad hemp hippie-wear still springs to mind. To that, we ask: Who did the Duchess of Sussex turn to for her sexy wedding-reception halter gown? The eco O.G. we all know—Stella McCartney, that’s who. We’ve heard a lot about clothing with a conscience, but we’re going back to basics with a lay of sustainable-fashion land.Reebok is developing plant-based sneakers, Osklen has decorated accessories with discarded fish skins—plus eight more innovative fabrics good for the environment.What is it? An FSC/Oeko-Tex- Standard-100-certified (see “Seals of Approval,” opposite) viscose that uses less water in its production and is made of wood pulp sourced from trees from renewable forests. Fan: Zero + Maria Cornejo.   What is it? Fabric made from nylon waste (such as old fishing   nets and carpets), developed by Italian company Aquafil. Fans: Mara Hoffman, H&M, and Speedo.   What is it? Recycled natural leather fiber that uses 90 percent less water and has an 80 percent lower carbon footprint than leather manufactured traditionally.   Word: “Real change happens when we can get our customers to buy a product from the planet’s perspective,” explains Nike chief sustainability officer Hannah Jones. “Seventy-five percent of our apparel now contains recycled materials.”   What is it? A silk-like fabric made from Sicily’s citrus-juice by-products, repurposing orange peels and seeds that had amounted to 700,000 tons of waste each year in Italy alone.   Fan: For spring 2017, Ferragamo debuted its first capsule collection of scarves and accessories made from the material.What is it? A lab-grown silk from Bolt Threads made from proteins brewed with genetically engineered yeast.   Word: “We’re essentially making spider silk, but without the spiders,” says CEO Dan Widmaier.  Next up: Bolt’s latest innovation is Mylo, a vegan leather made from mushrooms.   What is it? Just what it sounds like. Nonprofit group Parley for the Oceans has teamed up with labels like G-Star Raw to combat marine pollution by transforming plastics found in our waterways into high- performance sportswear.   Word: “An estimated 8 million metric tons of plastic enters the oceans from the coasts annually, or somewhere between 4 and 12 million metric tons,” says Parley for the Oceans founder Cyrill Gutsch. “We need to take action in order to avoid destroying our environment.”   Fan: Vionnet just launched a 340-piece Sustainable Surf collection, which uses materials like recycled plastic and eco- leather. Fifty percent of profits will go to Parley for the Oceans.   What is it? A cottonlike semisynthetic fiber from Austrian company Lenzing made from the pulp of eucalyptus trees grown on certified sustainable farms. It uses 80 percent less water than cotton and is grown without pesticides. Fans: Zara, DSTLD (a denim favorite of Kendall Jenner and Gigi Hadid), and Amour Vert (which plants a tree for every tee sold).   What is it? Faux leather that doesn’t harm animals.   Examples: Piñatex, developed by London-based company Ananas Anam, is made from the fibers of pineapple leaves harvested in the Philippines. Meanwhile, Modern Meadow, Vegea, and MycoWorks are creating leatherlike materials out of yeast, grape extracts, and mushroom mycelium.Look for these textile certifications on hangtags and labels the next time you go shopping Bluesign-certified dyeing facilities use only nontoxic chemicals, monitor their air and water emissions, and ensure that every piece of dyed fabric is safe for consumers, workers, and the environment.Every year, 150 million trees are cut down to make fabric like viscose, a.k.a. rayon. Certification signifies that products come from responsibly managed forests that maintain their biodiversity and regeneration capacity. 3.1 Phillip Lim has used FSC-certified viscose and Oeko-Tex-certified biodegradable yarn in its collections.    Items carrying the GOTS label grade “organic” must contain at least 95 percent certified organic fibers. The following textile ingredients are also prohibited: toxic heavy metals, formaldehyde, aromatic solvents, GMOs and their enzymes, and azo dyes that release carcinogenic compounds. Gisele Bündchen recently wore a GOTS-certified organic silk-and-cotton Versace custom dress on the red carpet. You can look up products at global-standard.org.    This nonprofit’s Standards Program for Homes and Small Workshops seal indicates that products have been made ethically by artisans. It was launched with brands like Maiyet and Target.    When a textile meets the criteria of the independent certification system Oeko-Tex, that means it has been tested for harmful substances and is free of carcinogens, azo dyes, and other chemicals, in accordance with the European REACH (Registration, Evaluation, Authorization, and Restriction of Chemicals) standards. Burberry and Christopher Kane have used OekoTex-certified fabrics.The GuppyFriend Washing Bag helps protect synthetic clothes in the washing machine while trapping microfibers that might end up in our waterways. ($29.75; patagonia.com.) Setting your washing machine to “cold” (30 degrees Fahrenheit) saves energy and helps your clothes live a little longer. (Heat can break down fibers.)    Spot-clean as much as possible, and wash your clothes only when necessary. (Try airing out or steaming them instead.) Apart from underwear and workout gear, most items rarely need constant washing.   Air- or line-drying clothes can eliminate up to 700 pounds of greenhouse gases annually—the energy equivalent of driving a Prius 2,500 miles.    About 85 percent of dry cleaners use a chemical called perchloroethylene (perc for short) that’s linked to respiratory issues, birth defects, and air pollution. Even if your cleaner advertises that it’s “green” or “organic,” ask if it uses perc, hydrocarbons, or D-5 cleaners—in order to avoid the toxic stuff—and biodegradable bags. When you do dry-clean, remove the cover from clothes as soon as they come back. Keeping them encased traps in chemicals, which can cause condensation and mildew.So you’re trading car keys for a bike helmet, using a water bottle, and sorting paper from plastics. Good job. Now consider approaching your wardrobe in the same earth-friendly ways.• Invest in high-quality clothes that you can keep for a long time, and repair garments whenever possible, so you buy fewer pieces over your lifetime.    • Shop your closet and wear things time and again.    • Keep your closet in the cloud, as Rent the Runway CEO and cofounder Jennifer Hyman says, and rent pieces to change up your wardrobe constantly at renttherunway.com, armarium.com (ready-to-wear and couture), letote.com, and closet.gwynniebee.com.    • Most retail receipts are made of thermal paper coated in BPA, which makes them unrecyclable, so opt for an e-mailed version if you need one.    • Buy or sell clothing and accessories through consignment sites and apps like the Real Real, Poshmark, and ThredUp.    • GFX (globalfashionxchange.org), which has diverted 23 tons of clothing from landfills since 2013, hosts clothing swaps worldwide.    • Patagonia’s Worn Wear program allows you to shop secondhand for its products online. You’ll also get store credit for trading in your used Patagonia pieces.    • Blue Jeans Go Green partners with retailers from Madewell to Rag & Bone to Wrangler to collect old denim from any brand. Consult the calendar for where it heads next at bluejeansgogreen.org.    • H&M and Levi’s accept clothing and shoes from any brand, and their partner, I:Collect, will ensure that your unwanted garments and footwear are reworn, repurposed, or recycled.    • The North Face’s Clothes the Loop program partners with Soles4Souls to distribute any brand of clothing and shoes dropped off at its stores to help with disaster relief efforts.    • Nike’s Reuse-a-Shoe program transforms worn-out shoes into athletic and playground surfaces. Drop off your old kicks at any of the athletic brand’s stores.    • Check out recycling programs like American Textile Recycling Service, Fabscrap, GrowNYC, Planet Aid, USAgain, and Wearable Collections to find garment-collection services in your city.   Women artisans hand-beaded this Unleashed by Kara Ross organic cotton tee. All clothing or similar styles available at maison-demode.com.A few of the most commonly used sustainable fashion terms and what they mean  Leftover fabric from designers and garment factories that companies repurpose into new pieces and products. Brands known for this practice include Reformation, Viktor & Rolf, and Alexander McQueen.    A socially and environmentally conscious approach to the design, sourcing, and manufacturing of clothing. That means employing artisans with traditional skill sets, making animal-cruelty-free products, providing safe working conditions (e.g., buildings that are up to code), and avoiding sweatshop labor. Brands known for this practice include Brother Vellies, Loomstate, and Lemlem.    Emphasizes sustainable farming methods, support for local communities’ economic development, and safe and equitable conditions—including fair wages—to ensure that workers and local producers in the developing world are not exploited. Check products for certification from a nonprofit like Fairtrade International (fairtradeamerica.org) or Fair Trade USA (fairtradecertified.org).    Falsely leading consumers to believe that a company’s products, actions, or policies are environmentally friendly.    The philosophy that companies and individuals should act in a way that advances the well-being of society and the planet. This includes philanthropic donations made to environmental organizations.    Converting old or discarded materials into another product (e.g., turning fabric scraps, or deadstock, into clothing or recycled plastic bottles into sneakers). Brands known for this practice include Gabriela Hearst, Eileen Fisher (its Resewn line), Timberland, Missoni, Vetements, and Rothy’s. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			“I finally not only get to prove it to the world that I'm worthy of attention and time, but in a way I also proved it to myself and my family. "Earlier this week, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle arrived in London for the Nelson Mandela Centenary Exhibition in London, and the world collectively swooned over the Duchess of Sussex’s latest wardrobe choice. A simple but stunning dusky pink, sleeveless trench that most of us would probably have swapped our grandma for, given the opportunity. Sorry, grandma.Fashion lovers and royal family fans were in love with the look, but imagine how it must have felt to be the mastermind who’d created the gorgeous piece, when she saw it on the Duchess. Canadian designer Nina Kharey—founder of high fashion label House of Nonie—has revealed what it’s really like to be swept up in the Meghan Markle effect.Speaking to HELLO!, Kharey described how she found out that Meghan had worn one of her designs when her publicist texted her in the early hours of the morning. At 6:45am on the other side of the world from Harry and Meghan’s appearance, she called the moment “unbelievable” and “really surreal”.“My dad was in tears. I just started Googling right away and looking, and I was in awe of how she looked. She just looked so amazing in it.”She also explained that Meghan’s close friend and stylist Jessica Mulroney has been a client for many years, and is probably the all-important link between House of Nonie and the Duchess.As you can imagine, sales of the trench rocketed almost immediately. Kharey continued: “I finally not only get to prove it to the world that I'm worthy of attention and time, but in a way I also proved it to myself and my family. I have something! My Instagram has blown up, [and] my emails, and I can just imagine how the orders are looking at the moment!”Room for one more order? That trench has got to be one of Meghan’s best looks to date.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Gal Gadot and Danai Gurira show up, too.If you’ve been avoiding the gym at all costs for fear of someone judging your leggings with the hole in the crotch and your once-white-now-gray sports bra, Reebok’s new campaign will give you all of the gymwear inspo you could ever need. The celebrity-filled #BeMoreHuman Rebook shoot features Ariana Grande and Gigi Hadid alongside Gal Gadot and Danai Gurira, all looking next-level fierce.If Wonder Woman herself, a Black Panther star, the God Is A Woman preacher, and a real life Hadid all approve a fashion range, you know it’s got to be pretty good.The kickass campaign sees the four members of female celeb royalty joining together to support the beauty in imperfection, and celebrate the value of being far from superhuman. All while wearing really great, form-fitting athleisure wear, obviously.In the accompanying short videos for the new Reebok hashtag, Gigi shows off her best boxing technique as she says: “I always try where I can to step out of my comfort zone, I think being more human is realizing no one wakes up feeling like a superhero. You have to find things on a daily basis that inspire you and that make you happy and feel creative, feel like you want to get out in the world and make a difference."Newly engaged Ariana, looking adorable per usual while showing off some dance moves says it's about pushing yourself further. “What it means to be human is being as accepting as possible of yourself, and evolving," she tells the camera. "We’re never done.”Meanwhile, Danai is all about the girl power, stating: "There's nothing more powerful than women celebrating each other. The connection of sisterhood to me is profoundly crucial to how we can actually self-empower through seeing each other's greatness, through validating the other, being the rock to another. You actually are empowering yourself as you empower one another."If I had these women calling me up every morning to go to the gym with them, I might actually go more than once a year.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Her daughter was hungry. She had to work.On Sunday, model Mara Martin walked the Sports Illustrated Swim Search show in Miami while breastfeeding Aria, her five-month-old daughter. Mara wore an off-the-shoulder metallic gold bikini; Aria wore noise-cancelling headphones, a diaper, and a green sparkly bikini. In an Instagram post about the attention she's since received, Mara wrote, “I can’t believe I am waking up to headlines with me and my daughter in them for doing something I do every day.” She added, “I’m so grateful to be able to share this message and hopefully normalize breastfeeding and also show others that women can do it all. But to be honest, the real reason I can’t believe it is a headline is because it shouldn’t be a headline!!! My story of being a mother and feeding her while walking is just that."Sports Illustrated Swim's Instagram page also posted a photograph of Martin standing with Aria in a wide-legged power-stance—illuminated by her gold bikini, her smile, her daughter's presence—smiling at the camera as Aria clings to her. “A moment we’ll never forget,” reads the caption. A moment we’ll never forget! @_maramartin_ walked the #SISwim x @paraisofashionfair runway show while breastfeeding her daughter. Click the link in bio or swipe up in our story to learn more.A post shared by  Sports Illustrated Swimsuit (@si_swimsuit) on Jul 16, 2018 at 5:31pm PDTAnd this morning, Martin appeared with Aria on the Today Show. The show’s segment opened with a line that praised both Martin and Sports Illustrated in the message they’ve sent: “Fashion forward, and forward-thinking.”  Tune in to @todayshow tomorrow morning around 7am EST to see these two cuties and hear more about how @_maramartin_'s viral runway moment came to be! #SISwimSearchA post shared by  Sports Illustrated Swimsuit (@si_swimsuit) on Jul 16, 2018 at 10:01pm PDTMJ Day, Sports Illustrated Swimsuit issue editor, appeared on the Today show to explain that the moment was not even planned. Martin was nursing her baby backstage, was “really hungry.” Day says she asked Martin, “Do you want to just nurse when you walk down the runway?”Instagram and Twitter users have been showering both Martin and Sports Illustrated with praise. Shonda Rhimes, creator of Grey’s Anatomy and Scandal, linked an article on Martin and captioned her Tweet, “Love this.” Love this. https://t.co/a8yukEIzq4Model praised for breastfeeding while walking the runway at Sports Illustrated fashion show. https://t.co/FbFcrTP3h5 pic.twitter.com/sDm0398VP7Other women have also jumped in in to praise Martin.She not only looks amazing but Mara Martin is who we all are - women, strong beautiful people and she’s doing the best job being a mum while working. https://t.co/mL28wAEu7TYep. THIS. When women are empowered the world is a better place. Thank you Mara Martin for your bravery. And thank you to all the brave women that stand proud in their own skin, doing… https://t.co/3wCpY3jdnESports Illustrated is clearly making an effort to shift its historically homogenous swim model casting—the show also featured models up to size 24. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			They feature "attractive metal hardware."If you, like me, believed that the only way to improve Crocs would be to paste a fat heel on the end, then you're in luck. Right now, high-heeled Crocs, a.k.a. the "Cyprus V Heel," can be yours—and if you wondered, yes, they're just Crocs with a wedge heel. "This version has an elegant strap design with a little more top-of-foot coverage and attractive metal hardware around the collar," the Crocs website informs me. ("Attractive" and "metal hardware" seem to be at odds, but who am I to judge?) The website adds: "You’ll appreciate the subtle elastic on the straps for a more forgiving fit." (Will I?!)To be fair, the Cyprus V Heel isn't the very first pair of heeled shoes by Crocs. There's the Isabella Block Heels, the Sanrah Strappy Wedge, the Leigh Wedge, the Lina Wedge—the list goes on. Most of these shoes don't look like Crocs, though, which is perhaps their selling point. The Cyprus V Heel is different—just an elevated Croc that comes in a variety of colors, including "Platinum/Wild Orchid," just in case you thought things couldn't get weirder.Yet I appear to be in the minority here. The Cyprus V Heel is completely sold out on the Crocs website, and the original $55 price tag has been hiked up to a staggering $225 on Amazon if you really, really need a pair.Some consumers felt strongly enough to leave reviews. Glowing reviews, I should add!Others felt so strongly that they're literally begging Crocs to restock and to add more color options.So, I mean, there you have it. The Cyprus V Heel, a.k.a. the perfect day-to-night footwear, topped off with some "attractive metal hardware" and just enough "top-of-foot coverage" to keep 'em guessing. Get on the waiting list while you still can!		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She's always been a fan of pastels.Recently, we've seen a stream of unexpected colors in Meghan Markle's royal wardrobe. There was the bold blue stripes for Wimbledon, the olive green shade for Prince Louis’ christening, and the sleek black dress for her RAF Centenary appearance. It’s fair to say she’s been keeping fashion editors on their toes.But, arriving at the Nelson Mandela Centenary Exhibition with husband Prince Harry at the Southbank Centre, London, the Duchess of Sussex made a return to her original pastel preferences in a dreamy dusky pink sleeveless trench.Striking the difficult balance between formal and modern cool, Meghan’s House of Nonie trench was a similar blush color to her Young Leaders Awards Prada dress. The coat dress featured bold black buttons, a huge structured collar and a sash tied at the waist. She paired the piece with a matching pink Mulberry clutch, nude pumps, and a nail shade identical to her jacket. Impressive coordination, right?The Duchess wore her hair in her new favorite style—pulled back into an effortless messy bun. Meanwhile, the Duke of Sussex looked equally stylish, opting for a grey suit jacket paired with a dressed down white shirt. Perfect for the summer weather.Harry and Meghan are touring the exhibition at the Queen Elizabeth Hall this afternoon, which traces Mandela's iconic career from activist to president through six themes: character, comrade, leader, prisoner, negotiator and statesman. They’ll also meet the leader’s granddaughter, Zamaswazi Dlamini-Mandela as part of their visit to the event, and enjoy a performance by the Ubunye Choir, brought together by the South African Diaspora Ubunye Trust especially for the exhibition. So in conclusion, remind me to buy everything in this shade of pale pink from now on.Shop Meghan's stunning sleeveless trench, below:		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Sorry to break it to you, but you may have been saying Versace wrong for years. The more you know, right? The revelation comes courtesy of the Versace Instagram page, with help from a slew of models (including Gigi Hadid) and Donatella Versace herself. "It's Versace not Versachee," the fashion brand captioned a video of several models and Donatella collectively schooling the world on how to properly pronounce the name. The video was released as a prelude to the Clans of Versace ad campaign for the #VersaceFW18 collection. The campaign, shot by photographer Steven Meisel, features the longest-ever advertising image, which highlights a cast of fifty-four models who symbolize inclusivity, a key value for Artistic Director Dontatella. "This image made up of 54 models is a true representation of clans that embody everything Versace stands for – diversity expressed together with innovation in the fearless representation of what it means to be daring," Versace captioned one preview of the image on Instagram. "The longest Versace line up is made up of a mega mix of personalities – from super models to young new talent in looks that are all about confidence," the brand explained in another caption.The Instagram launch of the new campaign, which began with the pronunciation video and broke the soon-to-be iconic photograph into 13, 'Gram-friendly sections, culminated in a video of the "clans" coming together to form the Versace logo. "The Versace clans come together to form the Versace logo, using their bodies as a form of physical self-expression juxtaposed to the clothes that express their different personalities," the company wrote. "Their unity through the strength of the name Versace is a resounding expression of inclusivity."  The Versace clans come together to form the Versace logo, using their bodies as a form of physical self-expression juxtaposed to the clothes that express their different personalities. Their unity through the strength of the name Versace is a resounding expression of inclusivity. #TheClansOfVersace #TeamDV @donatella_versace  Discover the #VersaceFW18 campaign at the link in bio. Directed by @ferdinandoverderiA post shared by  Versace (@versace) on Jul 14, 2018 at 7:07am PDTTo make sure you're saying Versace correctly, watch the short tutorial Instagram video over and over until you have it down.  It's Versace not Versachee. #TeamDV to be revealed soon... Stay tuned! #TheClansOfVersace Directed by @ferdinandoverderiA post shared by  Versace (@versace) on Jul 14, 2018 at 12:28am PDT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Meghan Markle is at Wimbledon today, attending the Ladies' Singles Finals with her sister-in-law, Kate Middleton. The newlywed chose a stunning blue and white striped Ralph Lauren shirt and white culottes for her first Wimbledon as a member of the royal family. Meghan's Wimbledon style is perfection, of course. Thanks to the Meghan Markle effect, we expect everything she is wearing to sell out immediately and for copycat looks to pop up quickly. What we did not expect was for someone to show up on the same day wearing a very similar look. But Emma Watson did exactly that. The actress turned out for Wimbledon wearing head-to-toe white, including a pair of culottes that are very similar to the ones Meghan chose. While the top half of the outfits definitely aren't identical, Watson's look is similar to the white-on-white ensemble Meghan chose for Wimbledon in 2016—right down to the white hat.From: ELLE US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			A lot has changed for Meghan Markle since her wedding to Prince Harry. She's traded in her acting career for the life of a full-time royal and now has to adhere to some strict rules when it comes to fashion and etiquette. She's also quickly become an international style icon. Has becoming royal really changed Meghan's style though? Today marked the best possible test of that question, with Meghan attending Wimbledon with her new sister-in-law, Kate Middleton. Meghan also attended Wimbledon in June 2016, just a month before she and Harry were set up by a mutual friend. This means, we have a perfect comparison on our hands: How Meghan dressed for the same event just before meeting Harry and just after marrying him. Here's her 2016 look: In 2016, Meghan wore almost all white to Wimbledon, from her hat to her shirt and pants and even her bag. Here's what Meghan is wearing at Wimbledon today: This year, Meghan is wearing a blue and white striped top by Ralph Lauren and white pants. One the face of it, maybe it seems like she's changing things up, but overall, her pre- and post-royal wedding Wimbledon looks are remarkably similar. Both years, Meghan opted for a simple, classic button down shirt and plain white pants. Both years also saw her in nearly-identical sunglasses. The differences are fairly insignificant—sure, she's not wearing a hat this year and she opted for her signature low, messy bun instead of wearing her hair down like she did in 2016, but the overall looks are basically the same. The biggest change, of course, is that this year she was able to accessorize with her equally-stylish sister-in-law. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The kind you'll want to wear long after the reception's over. Wedding dress codes can be a headache to adhere to—unless it's beach casual—but at least "cocktail attaire" falls into that golden realm of style and price, in which you're not draining your bank account and also not teetering around in a silky maxi dress. Because we're smack dab in the middle of wedding season, we gathered a range of semi-formal summer dresses for every budget and style that'll actually have staying power beyond the nuptials. After you pick out the dress, shop these comfortable wedding heels so you can stay on the dance floor all night long.Bardot, $66SHOP ITThis off-the-shoulder midi dress has dramatic bell sleeves and comes in three colors—blush, navy, and black—so pick the one that fits your mood. (Navy is always a solid choice, in our humble opinions.) Wear with red ankle-strap heels for a pop of color or beige pumps if you'd rather keep things neutral. Diane von Furstenberg, $500SHOP ITThe amazing thing about DVF floral wrap dresses is that they suit all types of occasions. This particular midi number is cut from silk, making it an elegant choice for weddings but, you can easily re-wear it for graduations, bridal showers, and date nights. The options are endless.Wayf, $99SHOP ITThis multi-tiered dress is made for dancing, whether you're getting down to Beyoncé at a wedding or Calvin Harris at your friend's birthday celebration at a fancy rooftop bar. To keep your feet from becoming blistered and sore, opt for flat sandals.Alice & Olivia, $395SHOP ITTired of floral dresses? I present to you this Alice & Olivia number featuring stripes and geometric prints. The light peach color on this fluttery creation suits a sunny, outdoor event, whether that be a wedding or bridal shower. You'll stand out at the party in a good way. H&M, $80SHOP ITUsually the "something blue" applies to the bride, but go ahead and sneak the color into your wedding guest outfit, too. I love tulle dresses with lace inserts like this one because they make the dress feel a bit fancier, but you can wear this with a comfy wedge espadrille for a more casual look.Tibi, $1,350SHOP ITSequins do work for daytime if done right. And this Tibi dress is a perfect example. The pre-fall 2018 look is adorned with black sequins on the bodice, while the pleated skirt contains multicolored sequined stripes. This marriage of colors gives it a playful, daytime appropriate look—especially if you style the dress with simple metallic sandals. Misa Los Angeles, $180SHOP ITThe pretty knotted front of this dress is as attention-grabbing as it's shoulder-showing-off back. It also comes in black, dusty rose, red, and gray. So, what are you waiting for? Scoop it up and wear it to your BFF's beach-side wedding.Charles Henry, $98SHOP ITIf you're going to wear a black dress, make it stand out with eye-catching details. This one-shoulder contemporary dress has a ruffle overlay, a built-in sash to cinch in your waist, and an asymmetrical hemline—all of which helps make it different from just any ol' LBD.Vince Camuto, $138SHOP ITYou can definitely get away with a minidress for semi-formal cocktail affairs. To keep your outfit modest, however, go for a more covered neckline like this Vince Camuto halter dress. It's slightly sexy, but instantly sweeter with the bow.Mango, $80SHOP ITTwirl around on the dance floor and watch this dress's pleated skirt fan out as you spin in glee. The fabric is made to move even from the gentlest breeze. Find a dance partner to keep you steady on your feet (maybe your friend's cousin's best friend?), just in case you loose your balance after the champagne toasts.Maggie London, $168SHOP ITWhat this dress lacks in color, it makes up for in details. Notice the cool eyelet designs, white leaf prints, and intricate stripes. Even the straps can be fastened into romantic bows, ensuring this dress is anything but dull.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Stuff 'em in the back of your closet and pat yourself on the back for not procrastinating. Yes, I know, summer just started and you're living your best life (same), but inevitably cooler temps will eventually force us to retire  the t-shirt dresses and silk slips we've been sporting on a daily basis. Before you end up staring at your closet with "nothing to wear," stock your wardrobe with a few of these cute fall dresses, ahead. J.Crew, $118SHOP ITWear this dress with sandals now, then grab a pair of thigh-high boots when the temperatures drop below 60. 3.1 Phillip Lim, $248SHOP ITWhen an effortless piece like this metallic ribbed-knit dress is on sale for 50 percent off (!), you don't let it pass you by. This beauty is lightweight enough for cooler summer nights, and warm enough for winter underneath a leather jacket. Equipment, $293SHOP ITFlorals are most definitely not reserved for spring—especially when you have this soft, silky maxi dress to wear with ankle boots. Free People, $98SHOP ITLayer this stretchy sweater dress over a wool turtleneck or a simple longsleeve shirt depending on how much the temperature is expected to drop. Zara, $26SHOP ITGive off back-to-school vibes with this checkered-print mini dress that can totally stand on its own when you don't feel like layering. Bailey 44, $98SHOP ITOkay, this dress is a must-have for two reasons: 1) It's made of leather and stretch-jersey material, so you're stylish but not suffocating and 2) It's currently 55 percent off. Zara, $16SHOP ITWhen the (inevitable) nostalgia for summer's bold prints strikes, this rainbow-striped dress will look perfect with a pair of ankle booties and a light scarf. Free People, $148SHOP ITAs fall slowly starts to turn into winter, this mini sweater dress—worn with a pair of tights—will come in handy for a night out with girlfriends.H&M, $15SHOP ITIntroducing athleisure: fall edition. Nail the effortless look with this hooded dress for a lazy weekend spent in the neighborhood. Free People, $228SHOP ITEnter: The '70s-inspired dress—with its comfortable clinched waist and flared sleeves—that you'll be wearing to the office every other week. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Don't wait until everyone else is wearing them.The Fall 2018 runways have already answered the question of how we’ll dress next season: We’re tapping the ‘80s for inspiration and the decade’s biggest trends, like animal prints and ruche details, are back. But let's be honest, most of us aren't going to wear that runway look to brunch. We're going to wear a more approachable iteration of that runway look to brunch. Here, I've rounded up which pieces to buy now in order to achieve said looks IRL. While I wouldn't dare suggest retiring your summer dresses yet (it's hot out there people!), I do recommend making room in your closet for one or two new fall pieces. After all, the goal is to wear the trends before everyone else does.Fashion houses from Calvin Klein to Bottega Venetta (pictured) and Givenchy have given animal prints the stamp of approval for Fall. Before you groan and say, "This print again??" check out the runway creations. Aside from your usual cheetah prints, designers incorporated bold tiger stripes and white snow leopard designs in their RTW collections. This trend is not for the faint of heart, so if you weren't ready to embrace it before (I completely understand), maybe this is the season to start?Topshop, $68 SHOP ITThe snow leopard print on this shirt isn't so overpowering as to scream, "I look like a snow leopard!" The black spots, from far away, almost resemble polka dots or brush strokes. It's an easy, neutral look that can be simplified even more with a plain pencil skirt or black jeans and ankle boots.Dolce Vita, $100SHOP ITShoes are an easy way to dip your toe (no pun intended) into the animal print trend—and this season you'll find it on the currently-ubiquitous slide. Wear this pair with denim shorts and a white blouse or under a floral maxi dress for that mix-and-match printed look.Clare V., $135SHOP ITA full cheetah-printed dress too extra? Try a leopard-print accessory. This neutral-colored clutch adds a small pop of animal print to your outfits, but won't make you feel unlike yourself.When Little House on the Prairie meets fashion 2018, you get dresses like this ethereal one from Calvin Klein (left). Many designers sent fluttery long, loose dresses to the tune of Laura Ingalls Wilder  down the runway. The pieces—part bohemian and part Victorian—weren't constructed only of thick knits, but also of paper-thin chiffon and silk, making the style instantly sexier. Free People, $168SHOP ITWhen I think of "prairie" style, the first place I turn to is Free People. And, proving me right, I immediately found this billowy maxi dress with a blush-and-brown bandana print (it also comes in blue) that looks like it belongs on Westworld. All I need now is a pair of brown or black ankle boots to complete the look.Staud, $395SHOP ITFor something slightly more feminine that still speaks to that prairie theme, see this pink dress from Staud. The voluminous tulle dress comes with sheer sleeves and is embellished with tiny multicolored beads near the hem. The details make it feel a little more fancy, so consider this the prairie-style look you'd wear to a wedding or garden party.Innika Choo, $380SHOP ITIf you're looking for a dress to show off your cowboy boots, this number from Innika Choo has your name written all over it. The olive green midi dress is hand-embroidered with daisies (like the ones you'd spot in a field?) and also hand-crocheted for that extra personal touch. This is the perfect transitional dress to take you from summer into fall.The color red alone isn't a trend, but worn as a monochromatic look? Totally a trend. The fiery, power-woman color was spotted across runways from Tibi to Oscar de la Renta to Mother of Pearl (pictured). This model walked down the catwalk in a silky striped shirt and pants set, and the endless shades and patterns of red on offer allow for even more imaginative creations. There's no chance passersby won't notice you.Ganni, $250SHOP ITFor a summer shirt that you can wear into fall, invest in this Ganni peplum top. When the weather is warm, you can style this with an asymmetric denim skirt and a woven crossbody bag. Once the temperature drops, swap the skirt for white jeans like this pair from Brock Collection, and sneakers.Shashi, $45SHOP ITFor the tiniest pop of color in your outfit, accessorize with this three-petal floral earring set from Shashi. The gold-and-red hues make it elegant enough for formal affairs (fall is the new wedding season, it seems), but you can easily dress it down for the day with jeans and a tee.Vince, $325SHOP ITIt's impossible to not feel like a street style star with a bold red shoe, like this mule. The pointed-toe silhouette and curved design makes the shoe unique among mules, and particularly fashion-y. Wear with blue frayed jeans.Plaid is in next season and I'm welcoming it back with open arms. It's not a groundbreaking print, but brands still found fresh ways to showcase the look: take this layered outfit from Creatures of Comfort (pictured). This Fall, try mixing different colored plaid pieces together. If you want more of a challenge, mix materials (a plaid wool coat and a nylon plaid bag) too for that ultimate runway outfit. Veronica Beard, $650SHOP ITTrade in your black or navy blazer for a plaid one. This Veronica Beard piece looks smart and professional, but not boring, thanks to cool details like ruched sleeves and double-breasted black buttons. For the office, wear the blazer with trousers, then swap for jeans on the weekend. Topshop, $100SHOP ITWhen everyone else is wearing a plaid jacket, go for this Topshop jumpsuit. For summer, style the one piece with a white crop top. For fall, wear with a knit beige sweater. A true transitional piece to have on hand season after season.Elizabeth and James, $445SHOP ITThis Elizabeth & James long-sleeve maxi dress has a very Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen feel to it, of course. They started the label! There are two ways to wear this: the Olsen way (a.k.a. slightly oversized and loose) or belted, so the dress hugs your body. Personally, I prefer the latter so I can have a more defined waistline.Ruching is the gathering of a strip of fabric that then causes a ripple effect. The technique started in the '80s, and fashion houses are bringing it back for fall 2018. You'll see the likes of Miu Miu (pictured), Saint Laurent, and Gucci incorporating ruching—which can completely change the look of a garment, making it more dynamic in feel and appearance—into dresses, tops, and even coats.Bishop + Young, $99SHOP ITThere's a lot to admire in this top, starting with the floral print and ending with the built-in tie and ruched sleeves. It's the kind of shirt you can wear to work and then on a semi-fancy blind date afterwards without worry about changing.Bailey 44, $208SHOP ITDraw attention to one side of your body with this ruched jersey dress. You can dress it down for the day time with a denim jacket and sneakers, or pair it with a leather moto jacket and heels for night. No matter what you decide though, the gathered fabric will outline your curves for a figure-flattering shape all day long.Wayf, $85SHOP ITThis flirty dress has enough ruching on the front and sleeves for all my clothes combined. It has a bit of an old-school feel, but the sexy peekaboo cutout in the middle keeps it modern. Wear with white ankle boots.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Everything is up to 85 percent off and I am not okay. Let's be honest—The Outnet's sales are always good, but this summer sale is really good. We're talkin' up to 85 percent off  clothing, bags, shoes, and accessories and an additional 15 percent off with code "FURTHERS" from now until July 20. There's still a solid two months of heat waves in front of us, so before you start spending your money on sweaters, shop these warm weather pieces under $200, ahead. Tibi, $89SHOP ITGianvito Rossi, $128SHOP ITChloé, $164SHOP ITStella McCartney, $98SHOP IT...Because why not. Kenzo, $164SHOP ITIris & Ink, $40SHOP ITPreen by Thornton Bregazzi, $202SHOP ITSleepy Jones, $59SHOP ITHeidi Klum, $38SHOP ITAlice+Olivia, $58SHOP ITIris & Ink, $48SHOP ITBailey 44, $54SHOP ITAlexander Wang, $179SHOP ITVanessa Seward, $118SHOP ITKenneth Jay Lane, $14SHOP ITIro, $118SHOP ITKayu, $45SHOP IT3x1, $59SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She was mostly just excited about the dogs.Meghan Markle and Prince Harry are on a two-day royal tour of Ireland. Yesterday, the Duchess of Sussex arrived via a private plane in a forest green outfit—the colors paying homage to the country she’s visiting. She wore a three-quarter sleeve top and a Givenchy pencil skirt while carrying a Strathberry tote, one of her go-to bag brands. She then changed out of the look for a summer garden party at the Glencairn House. For the reception, Meghan wore a classic black fit-and-flare dress by Emilia Wickstea. She carried a Givenchy satin clutch and wore a pair of Aquazzura bow pumps, all in black too. And, that was just day one of outfits.Today, on their final leg of the visit, Meghan and Prince Harry visited the official residence of President Michael D Higgins. Following on from her Irish-inspired green look yesterday, The Duchess of Sussex opted for a somewhat more muted shade of taupe this time with a Roland Mouret dress, featuring an asymmetrical skirt and sash waist. Meghan previously wore the designer back in May to have tea with the Queen and her mom. She accessorized with an elegant, oversized black bag, plain black court heels and a pair of diamond earrings. The Duchess of Sussex is slowly finding her signature style with clean silhouettes and a balanced mix of neutral and bright-colored pieces. Of course, heels are also an important part of her royal wardrobe. Though, she does have a lot of walking around to do today, so good luck Meghan? The couple will attend the Gaelic Sports Festival, visit the Famine Memorial, and take a trip to EPIC The Irish Emigration Museum.Thank you to the President of Ireland Michael D. Higgins, Mrs Higgins (and Bród and Síoda!) for the warm welcome at Áras an Uachtaráin #RoyalVisitIreland pic.twitter.com/SeDS0LThJ5The Duke and Duchess of Sussex ring the Peace Bell at Áras an Uachtaráin, designed to mark the 10th anniversary of the Belfast Agreement #RoyalVisitIreland pic.twitter.com/n1N1YXJlmDSee Meghan's day-two outfit from all angles:		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She attended a reception with Prince Harry at the Glencairn House.Meghan Markle and Prince Harry are having a busy day so far in Ireland. After arriving at the Dublin airport in a forest green outfit, the Duchess of Sussex changed up her look for a summer garden party at the Glencairn House. While Meghan first paid homage to the national color of Ireland (green!), her second look was a classic little black dress.The fit-and-flare number by Emilia Wickstead (the same British designer who reportedly critiqued Meghan's wedding gown back in May) was short, though still modest, so it showed off her  Aquazzura bow pumps, which she wore last month to the Young Leaders Awards Ceremony. The royal accessorized with a Givenchy black satin clutch, paying tribute again to the designer for the second time today. She accessorized with a dramatic pair of diamond drop earrings, which you can see clearly in the video below.The reception tonight is just one of many events both Meghan and Prince Harry will attend for their royal tour. Tomorrow, the couple's scheduled to visit the Gaelic Sports Festival, the Famine Memorial, and take a trip to EPIC The Irish Emigration Museum. The Duchess of Sussex definitely has more outfits packed for the various occasions, though I personally hope she wears more color. Perhaps yellow, like this Brandon Maxwell dress?See her LBD, below.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			They're a little beat up, but I still love them.Every week, our editors will be sharing "the one item they wear to death," whether it be a basic white tee or a super-trendy jumpsuit. Prepare yourself (and your credit card) for some guilt-free shopping.Everyone has that wardrobe staple they just love—that one black wrap dress or lace-up brown sandal they wear at least two, er, three times a week, secretly hoping the coworker in the next cube won't notice. (She won't!) For me, that beloved piece is a pair of Kenneth Cole "Kam" sneakers. My once-white kicks are now coated with a light layer of New York City grime, because that's how much I wear them. (How much, you ask? If I'm being honest, usually five out of the seven days, give or take). They've officially replaced my summer mules, flats, and wedge espadrilles. Truly, I rarely need a different pair of shoes: I reach for them when I'm trying to get dressed quickly for work or when I'm attempting to pack light for a night at my boyfriend's apartment. They match with virtually everything in my closet, from printed slip dresses to winter sweaters, making them a no-brainer. My love affair with this shoe started two years ago, when I came across paparazzi photos of Kendall Jenner in the Kam style (evidence, below) and subsequently received a press release (perks of working in fashion) on where to get them.For months, I had been on the hunt for low-top white sneakers and these cute, affordable ones (I bought mine on sale for $75) finally concluded the search. I must admit, the fact a celebrity like Jenner owned the inexpensive Kam sneakers had little to no effect made me covet them too. Once the UPS guy delivered them to my door, I slipped them on my feet and never looked back.Here I am wearing them on the first day of my new job at Marie Claire (!!). The photo is a little blurry because I was trying to get a quick snap before my coworkers caught me in action.I've worn the sneakers to a rooftop bar in Brooklyn for post-work drinks with a friend. They matched effortlessly with my blue striped dress and cropped denim jacket.This is me asking my boyfriend (not pictured: him sighing) to take a photo of me in my cute work outfit. Luckily, our office allows for this casual look. But, you can count on me packing this exact jumpsuit and the Kam sneaks for my upcoming vacation, too.So yes, I have really worn these white sneakers to death. In fact, I am now on my third pair! My first were worn down to the soles (I blame the city streets), and the second pair? Well, my sister "borrowed" them for the club and never returned. The Kam really is that comfortable and magical.Kenneth Cole "Kam" sneaker, $125 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Day 1 of the royal tour has commenced!A day after attending Prince Louis' christening, Meghan Markle and Prince Harry traveled to Dublin, Ireland. The royal couple arrived on Tuesday for their two-day tour of the country. (The flight itself from London is only about 75 minutes, which means they were also able to squeeze in an appearance this morning at Westminster Abbey.) For day one, Meghan stepped out in a two-piece forest green set. She wore a three-quarter sleeve top tucked into a fitted Givenchy pencil skirt (now sold out in her color). The two items were so identical in hue, you could almost mistake the whole look for a dress. The color choice was appropriate, too, as green is Ireland's national color. The outfit bared a similar color resemblance to her outfit from yesterday, when she attended Prince Louis' christening in an olive green dress by Ralph Lauren. Meghan ditched the fascinator this time around and instead simply accessorized with a brown Strathberry bag, Vanessa Tugendhaft earrings, and tan suede pumps.While this is the first time Meghan's visited Dublin since she received her Duchess of Sussex title, she has visited the capital on several occasions in 2013 and 2014. This trip, however, is all the more special now that she is a royal.The purpose of the couple's visit is to learn about Ireland's history and experience Irish culture, which includes a rumored trip to the Guinness Storehouse. While we're happily wishing for photos of Meghan and Harry cheers-ing with mugs of beer, we'll settle for a look at her outfit right now.Dublin won't be the only trip abroad that the couple makes this year. The newlyweds will also head to Australia, Fiji, the Kingdom of Tonga and New Zealand in the fall. Meghan will also join Prince Harry at his next Invictus Games in Sydney in October.Shop pieces from Meghan's outfit, below.Strathberry, $675 SHOP ITGivenchy, $1,590 SHOP ITVanessa Tugendhaft, $881 SHOP IT 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Clothes go up to size 5x.In an effort to be more size-inclusive, J.Crew has partnered with plus-size brand Universal Standard on a new collection. Today, the two companies released a line of tops, dresses, skirts, and pants that go up to size 5X. The J.Crew x Universal Standard collection is currently available on J.Crew's website and in select stores.And it sounds like there's more in this vein to come from America's favorite maker of preppy basics:Currently, the popular retailer only offers denim in extended sizes, so this collab announcement is a step forward for the brand. The fashion industry, as a whole, seems to be (slowly) realizing that it's not only decent and important to make clothing beyond a size eight, but, oh yeah, it's good business, too. The average clothing size for women in the United States is a size 16 or 18—it's about time brands cater to this demographic. "We knew we had more work to do. We’re on a mission to make great style available to everyone," said Greenwald.As promised, the 22-piece collection speaks to J.Crew's ethos for stylish dressing. It consists of easy-to-wear striped dresses and comfy T-shirts you'll want to spend all your weekends in. Shop some of our favorite J.Crew x Universal Standard pieces below.J.Crew x Universal Standard dress, $130 SHOP ITJ.Crew x Universal Standard pants, $120 SHOP ITJ.Crew x Universal Standard dress, $150 SHOP ITJ.Crew x Universal Standard top, $90 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Try on gorgeous necklaces and rings in your pajamas.AUrate is poised to disrupt the accessories world with the official launch of its jewelry style box, Curate by AUrate. To receive a customized box, first answer a few simple questions about jewelry tastes and budget. Then, an in-house stylist uses this information to assemble a mix of up to five AUrate pieces (they offer rings, earrings, necklaces, and bracelets) that are shipped out to you. Once the edited pieces arrive at your door (magic!), you have seven days to try them on, including, but not limited to, wearing them to brunch or on date-nights with your SO. Once the trial period is up, you can keep what you liked (the item gets charged to your card) or you can send back the entire box via free shipping. If this sounds too good to be true—it's not! And here's another selling point: There's no upfront cost to ordering a box.With the success of try-on-at-home models like Warby Parker and Stitch Fix, it's not a huge surprise AUrate founders Bouchra Ezzahraoui and Sophie Kahn hopped on this box opportunity for their fine jewelry brand.I decided to test out AUrate's almost too-good-to-be true style box (I just happened to need new earrings). It was, as promised, a painless process that involved a short questionnaire. Several days later, I received a pretty blush-colored box with my chosen gold and pearl pieces, pictured below.SHOP ITBecause AUrate prides itself on offering quality jewelry (including solid 14-karat and 18-karat gold and even real diamonds!), the prices reflect that. The pieces in my box ranged from $150 to $320. I received a mix of dainty earrings, rings, and necklaces in gold and rose gold with pearls and onyx. While this may seem luxe, remember you don't have to buy anything. How many pieces in my box did I want to keep, though? Uh, all of them.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's safe to say she loves it?The Duchess of Cambridge is known for repeating outfits, which, in addition to making her slightly more relatable, is actually very smart. Kate doesn't have to spend quite so much on her wardrobe (last year, the royal family altogether reportedly spent about $6.5 million on outfits) and she knows she already looks good because she already wore the dress once before. There is one item in particular she absolutely loves: a long-sleeve coat dress with crisp lapels by Alexander McQueen. She's worn her ivory dress on three different occasions from Princess Charlotte's christening to Trooping the Colour and even had a similar version made for Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's wedding. She did make tiny tweaks to that specific dress though by adding buttons to the sleeves and customizing it in a pale yellow color. Just when you thought you saw the last of that dress silhouette, however, Kate debuted a mint green version today while celebrating the royal air force's 100th birthday. Clearly, no other coat dress holds Kate's heart like her McQueen numbers. And, she looks gorgeous in them every.single.time. Ahead, all the times she's worn the dress.On July 5, 2015, Kate wore this ivory Alexander McQueen coat dress to Princess Charlotte's christening. On July 11, 2016, she re-wore the ivory look to Trooping the Colour.On July 30, 2017, Kate stepped out in the same dress again while attending a commemorations ceremony in Belgium.On May 19, 2018, the Duchess of Cambridge attended Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's wedding in a pale yellow version of the Alexander McQueen dress. This style, however, had buttons on the sleeves so it was slightly different than the ivory look.On July 10, 2018, Kate once again went for the McQueen dress style, this time in a mint green color for a service commemorating The Royal Air Force's 100th birthday.A side by side of the royal's favorite Alexander McQueen dress.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She looked gorgeous alongside her husband, Prince Harry.Meghan Markle has given us the gift of another appearance—and another gorgeous dress—today at Westminster Abbey. The Duchess of Sussex wore a custom Dior A-line dress, matching Stephen Jones hat, and Cartier earrings for a service to mark the centenary of the Royal Air Force. She was accompanied by her husband, Prince Harry, as well as Prince William and Kate Middleton (who chose a pale blue dress for the occasion), all of whom joined the Queen for the event.Meghan's gorgeous outfit is an unexpected choice, yet looks strikingly familiar. It's a strong departure from the parade of pale pinks and creams she's worn to her official royal events so far post-wedding (she wore white Givenchy for the Royal Ascot, another cream Givenchy number for an appearance with the Queen in Chester, peach Carolina Herrera at Trooping the Colour, and a pale pink Goat dress at a garden party at Buckingham Palace), but the neckline is one we've seen before. For many of these events, Meghan's opted for an open boatneck cut, showing off a little shoulder—even yesterday she wore an olive Ralph Lauren dress with a wider neckline to Prince Louis' christening—but her most memorable boatneck fashion moment to date: The bespoke Givenchy dress she wore to her wedding in May.In addition to the shoulder sighting, today's outfit looks a bit familiar for another reason: The LBD has major Audrey Hepburn vibes.With fitted top, tiny belted waist, and gorgeous, stiff A-line skirt, Meghan's Dior dress looks just like something Audrey Hepburn would wear—and did wear in movies like Sabrina and Breakfast at Tiffany's and to real-life events.And I'm very here for it.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's a family affair.Perhaps you want to invest in a future family heirloom? Kim Kardashian West has a suggestion: the Fendi Peekaboo bag. Kim, her daughter North, and her mother, Kris Jenner, are featured in the fashion house's new campaign, #MeAndMyPeekaboo, celebrating the 10th anniversary of the iconic bag and highlighting the way the purse can be passed between mothers, daughters, and sisters."[The three women] star in candid and spontaneous shots, which instead of focusing on their public images, capture their most authentic and intimate personality,” Fendi reps said in a press release.  The grainy film, Kim’s barely-there makeup, North’s perch on Kim’s lap, Kris’ soft gaze—it's beautifully intimate, a glimpse into both Kris and Kim’s identities as mothers. The tone of the photographs rings true to Fendi's intended message: The Peekaboo is a treasure created to be passed on to a daughter, after being worn and weathered by a mother.Kim tweeted about the new project today, writing, "so major to be in a campaign with my mom and daughter," and quoting Creative Director of Accessories, Silvia Fendi, about why the reality stars were chosen: "they are all three of them very strong women, with strong personalities. It’s an iconic family." “The idea was to expand the concept of family, as it’s part of our history, and we wanted other families of women. In the case of the Kardashians, they are all three of them very strong women, with strong personalities. It’s an iconic family" - Silvia Venturini FendiFendi Campaign coming soon! So major to be  in a campaign with my mom and daughter 💕 #FendiFamily #MeAndMyPeekabooThe first phase of the #MeAndMyPeekaboo campaign (released in April) featured a series of short videos of Silvia Fendi and her two daughters, Delfina Delettrez and Leonetta Luciana Fendi, in which they praise each other and explain their relationships with the Peekaboo bag. The video opens with Leonetta and Delfina seated at a table, clad in Fendi clothing:  “My mum is unstoppable,” Leonetta says.The second phase, starring Kim, Kris, and North, has the same feminine, familial tone of the first. Starting on July 11, Fendi will begin releasing images and short videos of the trio on their social networks. And, despite the fact that we've already witnessed so much of these women's lives on television, the ads give viewers the sense that they're privy to intimate scenes of motherhood and family.  Each of the campaign's short videos will feature Kanye West’s 2008 song Love Lockdown as its soundtrack. Fendi says the videos "develop a narrative, highlighting the special, irreplaceable and strong bond between outstanding women.”Here is the first campaign video starring Kris, Kim, and North: 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Give your itsy-bitsy swimsuits a break.Take it from your elders: The high-waisted silhouettes of the '50s and '60s possess the superpower to enhance your curves and elongate your legs. So if you want to look sexy poolside—but with a bit more coverage than an itsy bitsy bikini offers—this is your comfortable (and stylish!) middle ground. Shop the best high-waisted swimsuits of this season, below, before your next beach vacation.Seea top, $80SHOP ITSeea bottom, $85SHOP ITThe pastel blue stripes and pale yellow ruffles on this bikini give it a sweet and feminine vibe. It's perfect for chilling in by the pool or for water-sport activities like paddle boarding. If you're going with the first option, accessorize your two piece with a pair of white shades like this one by Ray-Ban and woven raffia slides.As a small-chested gal, I gravitate towards bikini tops with light padding and underwire, like this balconette style, which lifts what you have to create the illusion of a fuller bust. Meanwhile, the high-waisted bottom draws the eyes to the smallest part of your waist to accentuate your figure.Tory Burch top, $148SHOP ITTory Burch bottom, $138SHOP ITAerie offers trendy and affordable swimsuits, so of course its high-waisted bikini options are seemingly endless. You can also mix and match any of their pieces for a completely new look. This navy top and velvet bikini bottom, for example, aren't part of the same set (could have fooled us, I know), but they pair perfectly together. Aerie top, $18SHOP ITAerie bottom, $18SHOP ITYou can spot a Lisa Marie Fernandez original from a mile away, thanks to the button details (so cute!). This particular whimsical style, made from sculpting stretch fabric, is comfortable and flattering. Pair it with the brand's yellow skirt as a cover up and go from beach to bar with ease.Lisa Marie Fernandez, $395SHOP ITFor extra support, invest in a sporty racerback bikini top like this one from Chromat. It'll hold everything in, whether you're playing volleyball on the beach or diving head first into the pool. Chromat top, $176SHOP ITChromat bottom, $149SHOP ITGo for a vintage feel with this floral swimsuit by Zimmermann. The brand's known for their stylish vacation pieces that evoke Australian coastal vibes. It's time to book a trip to the land down under, yes? Don't forget to pack this bikini.Zimmermann top, $165 SHOP ITZimmermann bottom, $210 SHOP ITIf you're going to buy another black bikini, find one that's not boring. The cutouts on the top and bottom of this style give it edginess and sex appeal. Plus, we're pretty positive you can easily mix and match both pieces with other bikinis in your wardrobe. Mikoh top, $112SHOP ITMikoh bottom, $112SHOP ITKourtney Kardashian  owns this swimsuit, so that means I should definitely buy it, right? The beauty of this crochet bikini top is that it can be worn alone with a maxi skirt or even denim shorts, effectively making it appropriate for swimming and then dinner by the boardwalk.She Made Me top, $175SHOP ITShe Made Me bottom, $165SHOP ITThis bikini reminds me of (really chic) wallpaper. The print comes from Liberty, the British print house that's known for making "mood-lifting" florals. This yellow is definitely making me feel all kinds of happy.J.Crew top, $75SHOP ITJ.Crew bottom, $65SHOP ITThis foliage-print bikini is supposed to reflect designer Adriana Degreas' native home of Brazil, and the vibrant green colors do remind me of a tropical rainforest. But let me point out my favorite part: The high-rise briefs tie at the left side to form a sexy cutout.Adriana Degreas, $365SHOP ITThis simple black-and-white stripe bikini is reversible—when you're not feeling the stripes, flip it inside out to find solid black fabri—which means your dollar goes further. This is the bikini to bring if you're only carrying a weekender bag.Marysia top, $141SHOP ITMarysia bottom, $161SHOP ITThis ruffle swimsuit from For Love & Lemons, carries hints of elegance and romance—perfect for ladies who love lingerie and want to channel those same sexy energies at the beach. And we're talking sexy: The beige lining gives this bikini an almost completely sheer, naked look.For Love & Lemons top, $106SHOP ITFor Love & Lemons bottom, $106SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Please no, not another Otterbox. Look, I thought I was doing God's work when I decided to scour the internet for waterproof phone cases, but what I found was even scarier than the "rice in a bowl" trick—there are virtually zero waterproof cases on the market that don't look like they belong in Transformers. Luckily, I did the impossible and found 10 cases that protect your phone from water damage and show off a little personality. After all, no matter how careful you are or how safe you think your phone is currently, water-resistant doesn't mean waterproof. Save yourself the replacement phone cost and shop the best waterproof cases, below.Catalyst, $90SHOP ITGet yourself a waterproof phone case to match your all-black uniform, like this sleek one from Catalyst. It can survive up to 33 feet of water and it has a special lens to keep dirt and sand out of the camera. LifeProof, $50SHOP ITLifeProof guarantees all of their phone cases to be waterproof, dropproof, dirtproof, and snowproof. Bring this one next time you go to the beach if you're worried about getting sand in the crevices. Seidio, $80SHOP ITThe sound-tunneling technology on this iPhone 6/6S Plus case ensures you can still listen to Drake by the pool without sacrificing sound quality. It also happens to look like a yellow submarine (in the best way possible), which means it's perfect for underwater selfies. Punkcase, $30SHOP ITEasy to access ports mean you don't have to worry about struggling to fit your charger in this case. It also comes with a horizontal prop that you can pop out when you want to watch a movie or music video so your hands don't fall asleep.LifeProof, $53SHOP ITThis uber-thin iPhone X case from LifeProof lasts underwater for a full hour (!) and comes with a built-in scratch protector for your screen—which the fingerprint feature still works through. Now, if somebody wants to buy me an iPhone X, I'll be purchasing this case to go along with it. Punkcase, $40SHOP ITPunkcase's iPhone 7 case is ideal if you want a tiny pop of color with your protection. Once it's on, you can take your phone with you anywhere from a cruise to the desert without worrying that it'll get splashed or dirty, since it protects from both the water and the sand.LifeProof, $50SHOP ITThis pink phone case will last through 6.6 feet of water—a decent amount, but you should still try not to, you know, accidentally leave it in your pocket when you go water skiing. As for everyday use, choose this one for the simple fact that it looks the least like a waterproof case.Ounne, $20SHOP ITFor a less expensive option, try this waterproof phone case with camera and flash protection (so you can still take your pictures). And, continuing with our money-saving theme: You won't have to get rid of it when you upgrade your phone since it fits both the 7 Plus and 8 Plus. LifeProof, $90SHOP ITSealed from water, dirt, snow, and debris, this case is ideal for that visit to the national park you were planning this summer or those random afternoon showers. Just like the other LifeProof cases, it offers 360-degree protection (so no sneaky drips seep in) along with a range of color options to choose from.Wemco, $10SHOP ITOkay, technically this isn't a phone case—it's a pouch. Before you're all like, "My phone would never be caught dead in that," reminder: It's a great option for that day on the boat when your phone is in your bag, but you're still worried it might get wet. It's only $10, so what do you really have to lose?		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Her go-to designer.Save for an appearance in early June, Kate Middleton has shied away from the public eye lately to take care of her three kids. Today, however, is a special day: Prince Louis's christening at St. James's Palace. The Duchess of Cambridge wore a cream-colored Alexander McQueen dress while carrying the little prince into the chapel. The baby will be christened by The Archbishop of Canterbury, the Most Reverend Justin Welby. And, he already has six godparents named!Kate's outfit was similar in hue and style to the looks she previously chose for Prince George and Princess Charlotte's christenings. In 2013, the first-time mom wore a creamy-white Alexander McQueen dress with ruffle details on the front and paired it with a hat by milliner Jane Taylor. Two years later, for Princess Charlotte's baptism, Kate once again wore Alexander McQueen. She rocked a bespoke ivory coat dress from the fashion house, white pumps, and a matching feathered fascinator. It seems off-white is the Kate's preferred color for christening events, perhaps as a way to match her children's gowns. Prince Louis reportedly wore an ivory Honiton lace christening gown, the same one his siblings Prince George and Princess Charlotte wore. See Kate's three outfits side by side below and yes I know, her royal babies are ADORABLE. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She can seriously rock any color.Today is Prince Louis' christening, and now that she is part of the royal family, Meghan Markle was on hand to help celebrate. She and Prince Harry arrived holding hands to St. James's Palace, where Prince Louis will be christened by The Archbishop of Canterbury, the Most Reverend Justin Welby. (He already has six godparents named!) For the momentous day, Meghan wore an olive green belted Ralph Lauren dress, green Manolo Blahnik pumps, and a Stephen Jones fascinator of the same color.The dress hue definitely veered towards neutral-color territory (perhaps she did not want to attract too much attention?), especially  compared to the sunshine-yellow Brandon Maxwell dress she chose for the 'Your Commonwealth' Youth Challenge Reception last week. Meanwhile, Pippa Middleton wore a blue collared dress while Kate Middleton stunned in a cream-colored Alexander McQueen dress.The Duchess of Sussex has curated quite the stylish wardrobe, which is paid for by the royal family, by stocking up on Queen E-approved basics such as clutches, beige pumps, fitted skirt suits, and sleek dresses. While Meghan's christening look was fairly safe, she has taken risks with her fashion choices where she can. For example, she opted to wear an off-the-shoulder look at Trooping the Colour and traded in flats and heels for brown sandals (that showed her toes!) at Prince Harry's polo match.If you're excited to see more of Meghan's royal style this month, you won't have to wait too long. She will visit Ireland tomorrow and Wednesday with Prince Harry, and Lord knows her outfits will definitely be the talk of the town.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She looks gorgeous!It's been almost a month since we've seen Kate Middleton out in public (she was last spotted at the Maserati Royal Charity Polo Trophy). No doubt she has her hands full with taking care of her newborn and two little tots. While the Duchess of Cambridge has been laying low, she certainly was guaranteed to be present at Prince Louis' christening. Today, Kate and the rest of the royal family arrived to St James's Palace for the baby's baptism. For the special day, Kate wore a beautiful white Alexander McQueen dress. Meanwhile, Prince Louis reportedly wore the same dress as his siblings did at their christenings: the Honiton lace christening gown. Kate looked quite as ease and happy in the Alexander McQueen look. She accessorized the look with a hat by Jane Taylor and carried baby Louis in her arms. This outfit was very similar in color to her previous two christening outfits, having chosen white and cream in the past.Members of the Royal Family arrive at St James's Palace for the christening of Prince Louis. pic.twitter.com/3pDk4D898CKate's outfit at Prince Louis' christening:Kate's outfit at Princess Charlotte's christening in 2015:Kate's outfit at Prince George's christening in 2013:		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Is this a hint she's having a baby boy herself?Pippa Middleton has attended the last two christenings of her sister's children, so obviously she wouldn't miss Prince Louis'. For her nephew's special day at St James's Palace, the socialite arrived in a baby blue collared dress and matching fascinator. The custom Alessandra Rich pleated outfit showed off a hint of her baby bump. In previous years, Pippa has worn cream-colored ensembles with matching fascinators and nude pumps to christenings, so it was nice to see her switch things up. Meanwhile, her sister Kate Middleton chose a white Alexander McQueen look.The church-appropriate pieces were also more polished than her casual day-to-day looks. Pippa has been living in breezy dresses, from designers like J.Crew, and can't stop wearing her wedge espadrilles. The summery shoe, of course, wasn't a fit for today's events. Pippa swapped them out for a pair of ankle-strap pumps and carried a blue clutch to match. The expectant mother has been playing tennis to stay fit and strong during her pregnancy and revealed she's been playing for the past two trimesters, inspired by Serena Williams. She looks amazing—and so happy!—on her way to celebrate her new little nephew.Pippa's outfit from Prince Louis' christening:Pippa's outfit from Prince Charlotte's christening in 2015:Pippa's outfit from Prince George's christening in 2013:		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's also waterproof.Asos has left its mark in the fashion industry as one of the most inclusive retailers, from featuring models with stretch marks to offering collections for the curvy, tall, and petite shoppers to collaborating with LGBTQ organizations. Now, in an effort to be even more representative of all types of shoppers, Asos has specifically designed a jumpsuit for people in wheelchairs.The idea came about after Paralympic athlete Chloe Ball-Hopkins, who uses a wheelchair, became soaked in the rain at a music festival and subsequently sent an email to Asos about creating a product that would fit wheelchair users. From there, the tie-dye jumpsuit was born and Ball-Hopkins was chosen to model the design. The components that make the $64 jumpsuit special include: the waterproof pocket on the breast (to store your phone in), the top and jacket zip together around the waist or can be worn separately, the hem's a little longer in the back so it doesn't ride up, and there are adjustable sleeve cuffs. Basically, the whole jumpsuit is meant for getting in to and out of easily. Ball-Hopkins shared the exciting news on her Twitter, writing, it's all about making "fashion accessible" to everyone.So over the last several months I have been working with @ASOS to create a fashionable, yet practical waterproof all in one! Not just for people like me in a chair but for anyone. It's about making fashion accessible! So what should be next?! https://t.co/1gzzkRlED9 pic.twitter.com/7yS57QEmpDOf course, the positive support has been pouring in from around the internet with many Twitter users praising both the athlete and ASOS for creating the inclusive jumpsuit. How cool is it that  @ASOS have teamed up with Chloe Ball-Hopkins to create this cool wheelchair user friendly jumpsuit. Love their acceptance of diversity & disability. Now we need other brands to recognise this too!! #equality #diversity #fashion #acceptance #change pic.twitter.com/JYvlCST7aY@ASOS created a Wheelchair friendly jumpsuit! it's not everyone's cup of tea but seriously HOW AMAZING is this! Deigned w disabled people! pic.twitter.com/4z8B9J4JxTASOS went one step further and designed a jumpsuit for people in a wheelchair. More of this please 🙏🏻♿ https://t.co/BMWtx7isEKYou can purchase the jumpsuit, below:Asos, $64 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Wait until you see that snap from 2004.Thanks to Keeping Up with the Kardashians, we've quite literally watched Kylie Jenner grow up before our eyes—and during this time she's made many a fashion statement. From cheeky tween to an all-grown-up 20-year-old mom, she's followed in the fashion-forward footsteps of her sisters, while cultivating a style all her own. If there's one—er—two word(s) to describe her looks though, it is this: sexy AF. Have a look at her best outfits, ahead.Jenner wore Alexander Wang leggings to dinner in Hollywood. The bottoms resembled a pair of men's long johns, which we're assuming is way more comfortable than her usual go-to of skintight minidresses. Travis Scott and Kylie Jenner attended the 2018 Met Gala in matching black outfits. Jenner wore a strapless Alexander Wang gown with diamond-encrusted glasses from the label. The theme for the night was Heavenly Bodies: Fashion & The Catholic Imagination. Jenner packed a strapless army green jumpsuit for her visit to New York City. She added a splash of color to the outfit with purple lace-up heels. Leaving Nice Guy in L.A. in a gold, high-slit dress. Jenner attended the 2017 Met Gala in an embellished mesh gown by Versace. She paired the look with a platinum bob wig. The theme for the night was Rei Kawakubo/Comme des Garcons: Art of the In-Between. Did Jenner hit the mark?Jenner arrived at the Sugar Factory American Brasserie in Las Vegas, Nevada for a promotional event. Though still too young to drink alcohol, she nevertheless held a bubbly concoction (perhaps it was virgin?) for the cameras while wearing a striped minidress.The star attended a red carpet event for PrettyLittleThing x Paper Magazine in Palm Springs, California. She wore a shimmery halter dress with black boots and donned a highlighter green–colored wig.While strolling around the Westfield Topanga Mall in Los Angeles, she kept it casual in a monchromatic sports bra and high-waisted leggings from Alo Yoga. Jenner bundled up in a beige furry coat as she left her NYC hotel.Jenner went for the full denim-on-denim look while out in New York City. She kept it simple on the bottom with a pair of translucent boots.Jenner attended the Alexander Wang show during New York Fashion Week to support sister Kendall, who walked the runway. The star channeled grungy vibes with her plaid oversize jacket and all-black ensemble.Jenner stepped out for dinner with then-boyfriend Tyga in a red vinyl coat with matching miniskirt and nude Kookaï bodysuit. Jenner attended Marie Claire's Image Maker Awards while wearing a sultry two-piece purple set from Balmain. The Jenner sisters hit the red carpet for the 74th annual Golden Globes after-party at The Beverly Hilton Hotel. Kendall wore an orange strapless dress by Paule KA while Kylie wore custom Labourjoisie. Following the opening of her first-ever retail store, Kylie headed out to celebrate with Tyga at Catch L.A. in Hollywood. She was dressed in head-to-toe red, layering a red patent trench over a latex crop top, L'Agence leather pants and strappy heels.  Kylie was partying it up in Miami with Tyga during Art Basel, and from the looks of it, fully embracing the South Beach heat. The cosmetics mogul hit the town on in a cherry-red bodycon dress by Michael Costello—and tbh the look was almost too hot to handle. This makes stringy, swingy dress #2 for Kylie's NYFW wardrobe. The reality star attended Alexander Wang's Spring 2017 runway show wearing this edgy metallic number by the designer. Sitting front row at Jonathan Simkhai's Spring 2017 show, Kylie wore custom embroidered denim pieces by the designer, along with a white do-rag to hold her platinum strands in place. Kylie came out in full fashion force at the BAZAAR Icons party in a pink tasseled Balmain dress and Kim's favorite Yeezy lucite heels. Kylie took her newly-bleached strands out on the town, appearing as a blonde-Kim-K lookalike in an oversized coat worn on the shoulders, plunging catsuit, and visor shades. Kylie posted this picture of herself in a sliced graphic t-shirt and exposed bra on Instagram and, we have to admit, it looks pretty sexy. For her 19th birthday party at The Nice Guy in Hollywood, Jenner went full-on glam in a see-through lace jumpsuit paired with a black, waist-cinching belt boasting ornate gold detail.Flaunting her massive diamond (rumored engagement) ring, Kylie stepped out for dinner with friends wearing Givenchy pajama-inspired separates and Oscar de la Renta shoes. Kylie Jenner attended Kanye's 'Famous' music video screening in L.A.Jenner returned to her beloved blue hair for the first time in a while and went edgier with her style in the process. She donned an oversized red T-shirt and accessorized with over-the-knee black suede boots and a Gucci backpack.For a girl's night out at The Nice Guy, Jenner opted for this silver bodycon House of CB jumpsuit with sultry cut-out detail. She suffered a malfunction in the end, but made the best of it.For a night out at The Nice Guy in Hollywood, Jenner sported blonde, waist-length extensions, a brown sweatshirt dress, tassel necklace, and strappy pointy-toe heels.While out in Los Angeles, the youngest Jenner kept it edgy and cool in an of-the-moment Vetements hoodie, army green mesh jacket by Alexander Wang, J Brand leather leggings, black Nike sneakers and an olive Balenciaga bag. Kylie's errand-running look includes a black T-shirt, oversized gray sweatpants, trainers, and stunner shades.On a trip to a farmer's market with her brother Robert Kardashian, Jenner wore a bodycon halter LBD, pairing it with high-top sneakers.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Yellow is definitely her color.Today, Meghan Markle accompanied Prince Harry to the ‘Your Commonwealth’ Youth Challenge Reception at Marlborough House in London. The gathering marked the culmination of the Common Wealth’s youth leader workshops and for the occasion, Meghan wore a yellow Brandon Maxwell dress, beige Manolo Blahnik pumps, and Adina Reyter earrings. The dress, which is still available to purchase at several places like Moda Operandi and Net-a-Porter, comes from the designer's Spring 2018 line. It featured a square neckline and a spliced back so as to not restrict any movement—perfect for an on-the-go royal. This summery outfit was different from the one she wore to another young leaders event on June 26. For that awards ceremony, she wore a Kate Middleton-esque Prada skirt suit, which was a slight departure from her usual contemporary dresses. However, Meghan's style has quickly adapted to the type of events she attends.Over the weekend, however, the Duchess of Sussex took every opportunity to break out her more casual, breezy separates. While watching Prince Harry play polo, Meghan wore a gingham print dress by Shoshanna Gruss, brown Sarah Flint sandals, and a woven Madewell panama hat—an outfit you rarely see from the royal when she's carrying out her public duties. Meghan's casual ensembles reveal that while she might have to don a skirt suit every now and then, she ultimately finds comfort in her favorite button-down shirts and pants. (I would, too.)This outfit is one of many to come this month as the Duchess of Sussex has several public appearances on her list, including a trip with Prince Harry to Ireland on the 10th and 11th.Shop Meghan's exact outfit below:Brandon Maxwell, $972 SHOP ITManolo Blahnik, $625 SHOP ITAdina Reyter, $498 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Both Pippa and sister Kate love this brand.On Thursday, Pippa Middleton and James Matthews attended day four of the Wimbledon Lawn Tennis Championships. The couple arrived to watch the men's singles second round match between Rafael Nadal of Spain and Mikhail Kukushkin of Kazakhstan. For the outing, both Pippa and James managed to (unintentionally?) match in blue tones. James looked dapper in a navy suit jacket with white slacks and a pair of blue loafers while his wife coordinated in similar colors. Pippa covered up her baby bump with a bespoke white Broderie Anglaise Bergman dress by Anna Mason. She kept her accessories, a panama hat and woven clutch, neutral to complement the summer look. But, the most surprising part of her outfit, however, were her shoes.Instead of flats or sandals, Pippa chose a pair of blue espadrille wedges from Penelope Chivers (the same brand her sister Kate loves). It's not every day an expectant mama opts for heels instead of something slightly more practical, like sneakers. But, Pippa isn't playing by any fashion rules—she wears whatever she wants. The last time she was spotted in wedges was back in May for the French Open.If you're inspired by Pippa's tennis look, shop her exact wedges, below.Penelope Chilvers, $126 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Including Meghan Markle, Serena Williams, and Chrissy Teigen.I, like most of the world, am a sucker for celebrity wedding dresses. But since affording a haute couture gown is probably definitely not in my future, I decided to comb through the depths of the internet to find the prettiest, celebrity-inspired wedding dresses that I can actually afford (read: price tags that won't demolish my bank account). Ahead, the 15 best wedding gowns of all time—including those worn by models, athletes, and royalty—and their damn similar dupes that you can shop right this very second.The big reveal of Meghan Markle’s royal wedding gown was well worth the wait—the (now) Duchess of Sussex opted for a timeless, boatneck Givenchy dress that screamed sophistication. The ideal combination of timeless and romantic, I have a feeling this gown will inspire brides for years to come.Lucky for you, stealing the Duchess’ look doesn’t have to come with a designer price tag. This simple, über-flattering gown is a budget-friendly and gorgeous option for brides-to-be. SHOP SIMILAR: BHLDN Bacall Gown, $900SHOP ITOf course one dress wasn't enough for Meghan—she who has become a legit style icon in the past year—which is why I wasn't even surprised when she rolled up to the evening reception in a crazy-chic high-neck Stella McCartney gown.Cop Meghan's dress with this silky, halter-top gown by Galvan. It's understated but guaranteed to make an impression.SHOP SIMILAR: Galvan Silk-Satin Halterneck Gown, $1,995SHOP ITWilliams wore not one, not two, but three dresses during her wedding to Alexis Ohanian. The tennis pro changed into a short Versace dress (adorned with feathers and beads) for the reception—the hemline and fun details made for the perfect dancing dress.Prepare to dance the night away like Serena in this fringe-y piece by BHLDN.SHOP SIMILAR: BHLDN Promenade Dress, $190SHOP ITGoogle the definition of "fairytale" and I'm pretty sure a photo of Miranda Kerr's wedding gown will pop up. The model wore a stunning Dior Haute Couture gown on her big day with Evan Spiegel. The dress is loosely inspired by Grace Kelley's iconic 1956 wedding gown (namely in the cut and fit).For a similar, long-sleeve gown, look no further than this Givenchy dress, which is adorned with faux pearls along the neckline. SHOP SIMILAR: Givenchy Crystal and Faux-Pearl Embellished Gown, $1,717SHOP ITKate Middleton's royal wedding gown was a lot different than Meghan's—the Duchess of Cambridge wore a long-sleeve, lace Alexander McQueen by Sarah Burton gown with a deep-v neckline. With an impeccably tailoried waist, the dress made for a ridiculously pretty ensemble. This lace gown by BHLDN gives off the ultimate Kate Middleton vibe—for far less than the rumored $400,000 price tag attached to the Duchess' dress.SHOP SIMILAR: BHLDN Pique Gown, $1,450SHOP ITThe OITNB and The Handmaid's Tale actress opted for a gorgeous Christian Siriano gown for her wedding to writer Lauren Morelli. "Having spent years in an orange jumpsuit, Samira really wanted to have her fairytale wedding moment and therefore opted for a more traditional look," the designer told People.This off-the-shoulder gown by Sareh Nouri offers an elegant, über-romantic look that mirrors Wiley's.SHOP SIMILAR: Sareh Nouri Ethel Off the Shoulder Shantung Mermaid Gown, $4,995SHOP ITI'm a sucker for alternative wedding dresses, hence why I  was super keen on Kaley Cuoco's reception jumpsuit. The actress went for a white-lace one-piece with a plunging neckline, because why not.Either fasten the top button for a more conservative look, or let it fly like Cuoco—this deep-v jumpsuit by Rosie Assoulin is a surefire win.SHOP SIMILAR: Rosie Assoulin Long Sleeve Jumpsuit, $1,195SHOP ITConsidering Teigen could have worn a paper bag to her wedding and still shown up on my best dressed list, it didn't take much for the model to stun. But Teigen certainly knocked it out of the park in this super-extra Vera Wang gown (one of three gowns the model wore on her big day).This Watters gown is simple and extra—the lace-covered corset serves as the perfect companion to the large, billowing skirt.SHOP SIMILAR: Watters Marjorie Beaded Corset, $1,690SHOP ITKate's younger sister chose a bespoke Giles Deacon gown for her big day. "I wanted that 'how-was-that-done?' factor," Deacon told Business of Fashion of his process. "It’s all hand-pieced which is why you don’t actually see a seam."Corded lace and delicate organza flowers make this White by Vera Wang both special and classic—and very similar to Pippa's.SHOP SIMILAR: White by Vera Wang Short Sleeve Lace Wedding Dress, $1,298SHOP ITEmmy Rossum was the epitome of chic at her ceremony, thanks to her simple and elegant Carolina Herrera gown. "As soon as I got engaged, I immediately knew that I wanted Mrs. Herrera to make my wedding dress," the actress told Vogue.This fitted, off-the-shoulder gown by Katie May pays homage to the simplicity—and elegance—of Rossum's look.SHOP SIMILAR: Katie May Legacy Gown, $295SHOP ITJohn Galliano was the mastermind behind Kate Moss' vintage-inspired wedding gown. The subtle accents and sheer fabric were super on-brand for Moss; the model is the queen of cool, laid-back style.Although this BHLDN gown calls on lace rather than jewels, the sheer straps are a damn-close dupe to that of Moss'.SHOP SIMILAR: BHLDN Cecily Gown, $1,175SHOP ITKate Upton was glowing in sheer, lace-y gown by Valentino. "They are the best at creating delicate, beautiful lace and details, and their Italian heritage kept the fashion and feel authentic to our venue," Upton told Vogue. "The design process was extremely collaborative, so I was able to really include my personal style and create my dream dress."Channel your inner Kate Upton with this body-hugging gown by Rosa Carla.SHOP SIMILAR: Rosa Carla Adalia Lace Mermaid Gown, $2,075SHOP ITLeave it to Kim Kardashian to perfect the art of showing skin on your wedding day—the bride opted for a Givenchy Haute Couture gown with lace and sheer panelling throughout. Get inspired by Kim with this stomach-bearing gown by BHLDN (the soft, floral lace is the perfect demure offset to the cutouts). SHOP SIMILAR: BHLDN Celestine Gown, $850SHOP ITPoppy Delevingne had two wedding ceremonies—for her second, the bride wore a gorgeous Emilio Pucci gown. The floral embellishments added a unique element to an otherwise classic silhouette.This understated Temperley London Bridal gown features the prettiest flower embroidery.SHOP SIMILAR: Temperly London Bridal Lucille Embellished A-Line Dress, $8,415SHOP ITAllison Williams wore a gorgeous, hand-crafted Oscar de La Renta gown for her wedding to Ricky Van Veen. "I wanted sleeves because I'm always cold," the actress told Page Six about how she chose the design. Looking for sleeves? This Nouvelle Amsale gown has your name written all over it.SHOP SIMILAR: Nouvelle Amsale Noelle Long Sleeve Lace & Crepe Gown, $2,475SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Her burgundy wrap dress will make you swoon.Since spending Memorial Day weekend together earlier this year, Priyanka Chopra and boyfriend Nick Jonas have been pretty much inseparable as a couple. But yesterday, the actress made her first solo appearance in a while as she arrived back in New York, minus the JoBro boyf.Former Miss World Chopra was spotted in SoHo wearing a chic Burgundy shirt dress from DVF, with contrast stitching detail, a statement buckled waist and gold hardware. She accessorized the piece with a pair of gold Alexandre Birman heels, a white Fendi bag and '90s miniature sunglasses that even a Hadid would be jealous of.She also finished off her look with the ultimate celeb essentiala: A giant burly man to carry your umbrella for you when Nick Jonas is unavailable.While she turned the streets of NYC into her personal catwalk, Nick was taking some down time with family for a mini Jonas Brothers reunion. The trio were spotted out and about by fans in Wycoff, NJ.Nick, Joe, and Kevin Jonas with fans today in Wycoff, NJ - July 3rd pic.twitter.com/DQzPIyuszEPriyanka arrives back in New York after a whirlwind couple of weeks traveling the world. She and Nick kicked the dating rumors into overdrive after they attended his cousin’s wedding together, before heading to India to meet the Chopra family. A trip to Brazil soon followed, where Priyanka was spotted supporting the singer stageside at his latest performance.And if this isn’t an outfit that simply says "I am winning at life right now," I truly don’t know what is.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Expect everyone to want a pair by next season.It wouldn't be Haute Couture Week in Paris without a Chanel show. Karl Lagerfeld, who by now can pull off a glorious runway event in his sleep, debuted over 60 looks for his Fall 2018 couture collection. The pieces ranged from sequined glitter suits to structured silk dresses. The accessories, particularly the glitter boots, set the trend for what everyone will wear next season (Chanel did start the PVC boots mania.) Lagerfeld ended his show with an unexpected Chanel bridal couture look—a model in a pistachio-colored jacket and skirt. Ahead, peruse through the gorgeous looks.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Cue the iPhone ankle holsters at Maison Margiela.In a blink of an eye, it's already Haute Couture Week. For those who are just tuning in, these runway looks are different than the ready-to-wear collections from regular fashion week season. The creations are usually more elaborate and extravagant, constructed with higher quality materials, and require extensive design time. Fashion houses such as Givenchy, Dior, and Chanel are amongst the labels that offer couture runway shows and for Fall 2018, the artistry from the designers and creative directors do not disappoint. Ahead, our favorite looks from each show, so far.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It even made it into her royal wardrobe.Since she married Prince Harry, Meghan Markle's style has done a complete one-eighty. That's to be expected: The royals have a history of established rules when it comes to what to wear. As Meghan makes more public appearances with the family, her outfits have gotten quite sophisticated and tailored.  She's traded in her jeans for trousers, red-carpet gowns for skirt suits, and crossbody bags for clutches. All these little fashion tweaks have helped the Duchess of Sussex craft a signature royal look that's approved by the Queen and Prince Harry (who reportedly gives styling advice to his wife).Though Meghan has almost completely rid her wardrobe of super casual or overtly sexy pieces (you won't ever see her in this Deal or No Deal dress again), there is one thing, or rather, accessory, she has held on to from her pre-duchess days.It's her woven panama hat from Madewell! Meghan's taken countless photos with it on her (now deleted) Instagram and was last spotted wearing the hat in 2017 when she attended the ATX Television Festival with her Suits costars. We thought Meghan had banished the hat from her royal wardrobe forever when it, surprisingly, popped up over the weekend.On Saturday, she attended Prince Harry's polo match and wore a gingham print dress by Shoshanna Gruss, Sarah Flint sandals, and her trusty Madewell panama hat. The piece made another appearance on Sunday, when Meghan re-wore it for day two of the match. This time, she was spotted in an outfit that seemed more "Meghan" than "Duchess of Sussex." She wore black pants and a white J.Crew button-down shirt. We even saw the return of her crossbody bag.It's nice to know Meghan didn't discard one of her go-to summertime pieces because, well, the Madewell hat is completely sold out now. We found similar styles to shop, however, should you feel inspired by Meghan's. J.Crew, $35 SHOP ITCuyana, $85 SHOP ITRag & Bone, $230 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's patriotic because you're helping the economy.Just after Black Friday, Cyber Monday, and Memorial Day, Fourth of July is at the top of the list of days to do your online shopping, since it offers up some of the biggest deals from tons of our favorite brands. Take a brief break from the beach bliss, cocktails, and fireworks to peruse our roundup of the holiday's best fashion, beauty, and home sales—then go back to eating your hotdog. Date: June 29–July 4Discount: Up to 70 percent off on outdoor pieces, furniture, bedding, and moreSHOPDate: June 29–July 6Discount: 20 percent off of their limited edition Twill CollectionSHOPDate: June 28–July 8Discount:  $150 off purchases of $495SHOP Mix it up. @kellyinthecity styles her bed to perfection with dueling striped pillows from our Globally Inspired and New American Bedscapes. #stripesonstripesA post shared by  Allswell Home (@allswellhome) on Jun 27, 2018 at 12:07pm PDTDate: June 29–July 4Discount: Up to 75 percent off on outdoor furniture, bedding, living room furniture, mattresses, lighting, storage, and moreSHOPDate: June 30–July 9Discount: Take $125 off of purchases totaling $1,250+ and $225 off of $2,250+ with code: SUMMERSHOPDate: June 28–July 5Discount: 20 percent off all rugs with code: July4SHOPDate: June 28–July 5Discount: 20 percent off entire purchase with code: FIREWORKSHOPDate: Now-July 4Discount: Take 15 percent off bedding, sheets, pillows, and more with the promo code: STRIPESSHOPDate: Now-TBDDiscount: Up to 80 percent off items sitewide SHOPDate: June 29–July 3Discount: 30 percent off sitewide SHOPDate: July 2–July 6Discount: Free shipping on all orders plus a floaties gift with purchase on orders over $50SHOP now THAT is how you pack for a trip to palm springs. 📷 @studiodiyA post shared by  ban.do (@shopbando) on Jun 30, 2018 at 9:45am PDTDate: June 27–July 4Discount: Extra 30 percent off sale with code: JULY30SHOPDate: Now-July 4Discount: Up to 50 percent off sitewide excluding POWER washes, Blacktop, Ash, and Villa  SHOPDate: Now–August 19Discount: Everything up to 50 percent offSHOPDate: Now-July 4Discount: Save 30-50 percent on select items. Save even more when you sign up for email or shop in-store during Deal Reveal where you can take an extra 20-40 percent off sale and clearance items labeled "deal reveal"SHOPDate: June 30–July 4Discount: Up to 85 percent off in-store and online; take an additional 25 percent off clearance with promo code: HAPPY4THSHOPDate: June 27–July 4Discount: 20 percent off regular and sale items plus up to 70 percent off clearance with promo code: JULYSHOPDate: July 1–July 6 at 2:59 a.m. ESTDiscount: Buy any item, get a second item half off with code: SUNNYSHOP It may be rainy outside, but we’re serving up post-beach vibes with our Wide Leg Pant and Zephyr Jacket. #beachykeen #relaxedfitA post shared by  Alala (@alala) on Jun 28, 2018 at 7:08am PDTDate: Now–July 4Discount: 20 percent off swimwear with code: SWIM20SHOPDate: June 29–July 4Discount: 20 percent off sitewide + free shipping *Excludes full price original product + kids and work productSHOPDate: June 28–July 4Discount: Extra 20 percent off sale itemsSHOPDate: June 30–July 4Discount: $25 off every $100 spent with code: JULY18SHOPDate: June 27–July 4Discount: 25 percent off sitewide with code: AmericanAFSHOPDate: July 1–July 8 at midnight Discount: Spend up to $500, take 20 percent off your order; spend more than $500, take 25 percent off your order with code: FOURTH SHOPDate: July 3-July 10Discount: Purchase one item, get 20 percent off your order; Purchase two or more items, get 30 percent off your order with code: BMSM30; Extra 50 percent off sale styles with code: SALE50SHOPDate: June 20-July 8Discount: Extra 20 percent off sale items with code: SALEONSALESHOPDate: June 29–July 4Discount: Extra 20 percent off all sale items with promo code: JUL20 SHOPDate: June 25–July 9Discount: 30 percent off sitewide with code: FOURTHSHOPDate: July 3–July 4 at 6 p.m.Discount: 50 perecent off entire purchase with code: 73284SHOPDate: June 29–July 9Discount: 30 percent off select products SHOPDate: Now-July 4; July 4-7Discount: Extra 25 percent off with code: SBFOURTH; 75 percent off RTW and earrings using this special linkSHOPDate: July 2–July 6; July 4–July 5 Discount: Practk Blue Power Blender + Blue Palmat bundle for $15; Buy more, save more event: $10 off $50, $20 off $75, and $30 off $100SHOPDate: In-store July 1 and online July 2 Discount: Save 15 percent off purchases of $75 or more and 20 percent off $100 or moreSHOPDate: July 1–31Discount: 10 percent off + free shipping in honor of their 10th anniversary SHOPThis post will be updated with more sales as they become available. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Can I have them all?Maria Grazia Chiuri of Christian Dior strikes the ideal balance between femininity and sophistication with every collection. For her Fall 2018 couture show, the artistic director debuted over 70 impressive looks comprising of dresses, tops, skirts, and outerwear. The pieces came in navy, gold, and blush tones that gave a romantic and delicate feel to the collection. But, most unforgettable were the tulle and silk dresses, which I bet celebrities are already likely calling dibs on for red carpet events and dinner parties. Ahead, see photos from the runway show.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			And now I'm convinced I need it, too.Apparently I'm not the only one eyeing Meghan Markle's closet—over the weekend, Selena Gomez showed up to the premiere of Hotel Transylvania 3: Summer Vacation wearing the same Oscar de la Renta print that the Duchess of Sussex wore last month. Yup, the 25-year-walked the red carpet in a matching crop top and skirt in the same white- and blue-floral that Markle wore to the late Princess Diana's niece's wedding.Unlike Gomez's two-piece ensemble (which you can cop here, for a whopping $2,490), the Duchess modeled the print in a long-sleeve wrap dress. Gomez took a more weather-appropriate approach with a cropped bustier and a long, flowing skirt—ditching the fascinator and sweeping her hair into a piece-y bun. Both women paired the print with understated heels—for Gomez, a pair of strappy Miu Miu sandals, and for Markle, bejeweled Aquazzura pumps (which she recycled from her wedding day).Gomez isn't the only celebrity to mirror the Duchess's style—last week, Angelina Jolie's custom Ralph & Russo dress at the Service of Commemoration and Dedication of the Most Distinguished Order of St. Michael and St. George in London gave off major Meghan Markle vibes. Considering the Duchess's style continues to be so spot on, we have a feeling that this won't be the last Meghan-Markle-inspired red carpet of the summer.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Chic!Gigi Hadid, who's vacationing in Mykonos, Greece, wore a bustier-style one-piece bathing suit from Solid & Striped x Re/Done while enjoying some yacht-related activities yesterday. The swimsuit, dubbed "The Hollywood One Piece," (the perfect description for a famous model like Hadid) is a simple yet sexy option for anyone trying to balance the whole sunbathing-swimming-lounging-yachting thing (or whatever it is people do on yachts). This isn't the first time Hadid has worn a swimsuit from Solid & Striped; she also owns a blue-and-white two-piece from the brand and of course, the red-white-and-blue number she wore for Taylor Swift's Fourth of July shindig a few years ago. The brand is beloved by celebrities and has been spotted on everyone from Demi Lovato to Shay Mitchell.  To make her swimsuit stand out from the (yacht) crowd, Hadid accessorized with necklaces, rings, and a pair of tiny white cat-eye sunglasses. She was also joined by fellow model and actress Emily Ratajkowski on the boat as the two soaked up the sun. Ratajkowski wore an itty-bitty polka dot bikini from her own swimsuit line Inamorata Swim and showed off her dance moves via an Instagram story. Hadid's exact swimsuit retails for $170 and is still available to shop (yesss!). Before you go on your next vacation, scoop up her one piece below.Solid & Striped x Re/Done, $170 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Runways aren't just for models anymore. Some of the biggest names in fashion have taken to recruiting celebrities (and sometimes even royals, if the mood strikes) to walk in their shows. Miuccia Prada is the latest designer to go the celebrity route, calling on a stable of stars for her Resort 2019 show highlighting her latest collection for Miu Miu. The cast included top models like Naomi Campbell as well as actresses like Chloë Sevigny, Kate Bosworth, Gwendoline Christie, and Uma Thurman. Here are the celebrities in the show. From: ELLE US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's bigger than her pants. And her shirt.This summer, there's a straw hat taking over Instagram and you've likely seen. It's so big, you can't really miss it. Designed by Simon Porte Jacquemus, the "Le Grand Chapeau Bomba" straw hat  measures 22.5 inches in circumference while the brim measures 12.75 inches. It's become that outrageous, iconic  piece that's not only easily recognizable, but sought-after by fashion girls looking to take a picture for the 'gram.Bella Hadid's worn it on the beach (with just a thong might I add), Danish actress Emma Rosenzweig wore it in lieu of a veil on her wedding day, and, now, Emily Ratajkowski's hopped on the trend. The 26-year-old star is in Mykonos, Greece for vacation and packed her Jacquemus straw hat for her travels.Though her's appeared a little smaller in size to the "Le Grand" style, it was still an oversize fit, extending past her shoulders. It also required two hands to keep the brim from flopping over. Ratajkowski styled her hat with a bustier stripe top, Re/Done denim cutoff shorts, and sneakers. Though I'm not quite sure how or where she managed to fit that into her suitcase, there's one thing I know for sure: I want it. in my leisure suiteA post shared by  Bella (@bellahadid) on Jun 6, 2018 at 4:02pm PDT we got married yesterday and my new name is emma rosenzweig. Thank you for the beautiful @jacquemus hat @birgerchristensenA post shared by @ emma_rosenzweig on Jun 3, 2018 at 4:55am PDTIf you're looking for the ultimate vacation accessory, you can buy the extra large Jacquemus straw hat for $697.Jacquemus, $697 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Snag Bella Hadid's $17 choker for yourself.Turns out you don't need a raise to dress like a Hollywood star. After combing through pics of our favorite and most fashionable celebs, we spotted 15 pieces of jewelry that are surprisingly affordable. Ahead, shop the chains, chokers, and earrings that style icons including the Hadids, Blake Lively, and Emily Ratajkowski are wearing right now. The best part? They're all under $150.From layered necklaces to hoop earrings, jewelry is a key component of Bella Hadid’s style. Lucky for you, copping her bling doesn’t require spending an entire paycheck. Exhibit A: The model paired this thick, $17 gold chain with a white crop top and high-rise jeans for a casual day out. Looks like you've found this weekend's outfit. 8 Other Reasons Kim Chain, $17SHOP ITSure, these chunky statement earrings look expensive, but Vanessa Hudgens actually swooped them up for $38—and so can you. The actress slicked her hair into a low ballerina bun to give the earrings the attention they deserve. Baublebar Tristana Hoop Resin Earrings, $38SHOP ITGigi Hadid accessorized her monochrome ‘fit with these long, dangley earrings courtesy of Baublebar. The $42 pair added just the right amount of sparkle to the model’s ensemble (especially when paired with those futuristic white shades).Baublebar Seirta Drop Earrings, $42SHOP ITFor proof that the ultimate gold hoops don’t have to destroy your bank account, look no further than Jasmine Tookes’ $45 pair. The Victoria’s Secret model paired the earrings—which are the perfect combination of small but chunky—with delicate gold necklaces and tortoiseshell sunglasses. Perfect for a day in paradise.Luv AJ Positano Hoops, $45SHOP ITEmily Ratajowski is typically one for expensive jewels, but this Ventrone Chronicles creation is an exception. The ridiculously cute, $45 necklace features two Virgin Mary charms on a long, 14k gold–filled chain that works for layering or solo wear.Ventrone Chronicles Religioso Chain, $45SHOP ITThese hoops are the best of both worlds: They’re big enough to make a major statement, but lightweight enough that your ears won’t feel stretched or strained. Make like Bella and pair them with a bold, collared shirt for a polished, ‘70s-inspired look.Jenny Bird Icon Hoops, $70SHOP ITGood news: This made-for-layering star choker comes in at under $100, which means looking like Lily Collins may not be impossible after all. Collins highlighted the piece with a scoop-neck tank and a dainty, gold chain.Adorn Monde Legolas Gold Choker, $72SHOP ITIf the delicate necklace trend doesn't fit with your bold style, instead opt for thick pendants like Camilla Belle. The actress styled her $79 piece with a floral-printed dress for a look that’s equal parts dressy and casualStella & Dot Rebel Pendant, $79SHOP ITThe best part about this $80 choker is that it looks like Hadid layered three chains—in reality, it’s one necklace with a single clasp. If the thought of stacking your necklaces forces you into a panic (dainty chains tangle easily), this choker is your style life-saver.Luv Aj Not Coin Charm Necklace, $80SHOP ITThese sterling silvers earrings, as seen on Lucy Hale, are the perfect combination of stylish and timeless. Plus, the subtle drop on each hoop adds a unique touch.Young Frankk Drop Earrings, $118SHOP ITAt first glance, Imaan Hammam’s earrings appear to be an average pair of hoops—look closer and you’ll notice they’re ever-so-slightly distorted. These sterling silver with 18-karat gold plating earrings are the perfect addition to any hoop lover’s collection and they’re reasonably priced.Bonheur Renee Gold Hoops, $119SHOP ITSure, these drop earrings are a classic shape, but the mis-matched colors add a little dose of cheekiness. These Swarovski crystal clip-ons seen on Gigi Hadid give the illusion of fine jewelry, but hit only slightly above the $100 mark.Roxanne Assoulin Hip-Hop But Not Earrings, $120SHOP ITKaia Gerber’s versatile stainless-steel and gold-plated hoops are a must-have addition to any jewelry collection. Pair them with a bathing suit like Gerber or dress them up for a night out—the options are basically endless.Bagatiba Simple Gold Hoops, $120SHOP ITBlake Lively’s expensive-looking abalone shell earrings are playful, wearable, and less than $150. Translation: Scooping up these statement earrings is a no brainer.Kendra Scott Diane Gold Statement Stone Earrings, $130SHOP ITThese sterling silver earrings are a two-for-one: Wear them as classic studs like Jenna Dewan, or angle them to climb up your ear. Either way, you’re left with a look that’s understated but pretty.Bonheur Ani Earrings, $145SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I'd borrow it, too.Zayn Malik is kind of hard to miss in public. Aside from the fact he's, well, insanely famous, his newly dyed silver-blue hair will also catch everyone's attention. Or, at least mine when the singer stepped out in New York City on Thursday. Malik dressed in a graphic Wrangler x Peter Max tee, gray slacks, and bright blue Nike sneakers. The look was "so" Zayn, or so I thought, when it turned out he actually borrowed the tee from his girlfriend. Hadid first wore the Wrangler tee on June 1, and Malik happened to wear it only a few weeks later. The singer also wore Roxanne Assoulin bracelets, one of which is a custom design that Hadid created for him.The two are known for borrowing each other's clothes. In their joint August 2017 Vogue cover, the couple admitted when it comes to fashion, they don't follow society's gender rules on what they can and can't wear. "What was that T-shirt I borrowed the other day," Malik asked Hadid in the issue. She responded that it was Anna Sui and Malik said, "I like that shirt. And if it’s tight on me, so what? It doesn’t matter if it was made for a girl."Hadid echoed his sentiments with, "Totally. It’s not about gender. It’s about, like, shapes. And what feels good on you that day. And anyway, it’s fun to experiment."Here's Zayn:Here's Gigi:Malik and Hadid are a modern couple rewriting the rules for themselves and their relationship. (The duo recently rekindled their romance and left a trail of love clues for fans to follow.) Though, their exact tee is sold out, I found similar ones below that you can share with your SO.Maison Margiela, $255 SHOP ITMadeworn, $160 SHOP ITBalenciaga, $450 SHOP IT 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Everyone wants to copy Meghan Markle's royal style. Sadly, most of us can't afford to and, even if we could, we'd have nowhere to wear those fabulous outfits to anyway. One person with neither of those problems: Angelina Jolie. The actress expertly channeled the Duchess of Sussex's royal style at the Service of Commemoration and Dedication of the Most Distinguished Order of St. Michael and St. George in London on Thursday. And, when in London, dress like the royals do, right? Angelina was joined at the service by actual royalty. His Royal Highness The Duke of Kent, Grand Master of the Order was also in attendance, according to People. Angelina stunned in a pale gray, custom Ralph & Russo dress with a cowl neck and matching gloves. Oh, and a fascinator just to make sure the royal vibes came through loud and clear. She even wore her hair in one of Meghan's signature styles: a low chignon. Meghan is also a fan of Ralph & Russo, of course. The duchess wore a gorgeous black and gold dress with a sheer bodice by the designer in her official engagement portraits with Prince Harry back in December 2017.  Thank you so much for all of the wonderful comments following the release of Prince Harry and Ms. Meghan Markle's engagement photographs. The couple are so grateful for the warm and generous messages they have received during such a happy time in their lives. As a way to say thank you, they have decided to share this candid photograph from the day of their portrait sittings directly with all of you.A post shared by  Kensington Palace (@kensingtonroyal) on Dec 21, 2017 at 6:00am PSTThis isn't Angelina's first brush with royalty, of course. Queen Elizabeth II named the actress an honorary Dame Commander of the Most Distinguished Order of St. Michael and St. George for extraordinary service to U.K. foreign policy in 2014. The title is a huge honor—it's the female equivalent being granted an honorary knighthood.Now, if Angelina and Meghan can just coordinate a shopping trip while Angelina is in London filming Maleficent 2...		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Meghan Markle has been famous for her sense of style much longer than she's been a member of the royal family, but her royal wardrobe has been jaw-dropping. As Harper's Bazaar UK points out, since becoming the Duchess of Sussex, Meghan stuck to a very specific color palette. She's only worn light shades of white, blush, and cream to her official engagements. And now, for the photographic proof. For her first post-wedding engagement, Prince Charles' birthday party, at Buckingham Palace, Meghan stepped out wearing a nude Goat dress and matching accessories.Meghan's next appearance was at the Trooping the Colour parade, where she wore an off-the-shoulder Carolina Herrera dress and a matching Philip Treacy hat.The next time fans saw Meghan out in public was in Cheshire, during her first-ever solo engagement with the Queen. For the momentous occasion, Meghan wore a custom-made, cream Givenchy dress.At her Royal Ascot debut, Meghan wore a white shirt dress by Clare Waight Keller for Givenchy, along with an amazing hat.Then, for her most recent appearance, at the Queen's Young Leaders Awards at Buckingham Palace, Meghan opted for a blush pink Prada skirt suit. Of course, there was one notable exception to Meghan's new color palette rule: Celia McCorquodale's wedding. She wore a blue, floral Oscar de le Renta dress to Prince Harry's cousins wedding. As Harper's Bazaar UK points out, of course, the wedding was technically a private event and not an official royal engagement, so Meghan hasn't broken her streak at official outings. "Romance is soft, like a neutral palette—she is a newlywed after all," Guilia Papailias, styling expert at Beaumont Etiquette, told Harper's Bazaar UK of Meghan's current style obsession. "Meghan continues to give us the fairytale that we became enamored with the first day we saw her walk up those stairs. She continues the magic."		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			David Beckham will LOVE it.As Victoria Beckham knows, what one wears to one's anniversary dinner can be very important. The star is planning to celebrate her wedding anniversary with David Beckham (they were married on July 4, 1999) and she revealed to fans the dress she plans to wear. Beckham shared a video of herself on Instagram, writing, "Shopping for a dress for my anniversary dinner!! X I’m super happy! The perfect date night dress!! X well done Team VB!!" Beckham fans know the star often wears clothes from her own fashion label, and this sequin black dress is from her Spring 2018 collection. Of course, when every piece in Beckham's line is super stylish and of luxe quality, finding the right date-night look isn't too difficult. She confirmed that she'll wear the silk-chiffon midi dress in her last snap, which read, "Yep this is the one!!" Shopping for a dress for my anniversary dinner!! X I’m super happy! The perfect date night dress!! X well done Team VB!! #VBSS18A post shared by  Victoria Beckham (@victoriabeckham) on Jun 27, 2018 at 4:52am PDTThe celebrity couple will be celebrating 19 years of marriage (!!). Earlier this month, the two were embroiled in divorce rumors, to which Victoria's rep responded that "This [was] nonsense."Shop Beckham's exact anniversary dress, below.Victoria Beckham, $2,995 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's openly anti-Trump.The new Moschino campaign, "Alien Nation," headed by creative director Jeremy Scott, is facing backlash for its brash portrayal of models as "aliens" as political commentary in regard to the Trump administration’s abhorred immigration policies. Supermodels Gigi Hadid and Kaia Gerber are starring as “aliens” in the campaign. Yesterday, on each of their personal Instagram stories, the two models' faces, framed within a five-second selfie, sported the fiercely beautiful stares we are accustomed to. Also: Gigi was blue, and Kaia was orange. In Instagram and Twitter posts advertising the collection—and the monochromatic bodies that pose in them—Scott asks: "What is an 'alien'?" Most bitterly received was Scott’s description of a Twitter photo of a blue-skinned, Moschino-clad Gigi Hadid: “The only thing illegal about this alien is how good she looks.”One Twitter user responded, “Please reconsider this phrasing,” another with “Hey this caption ain’t cute.” Yet another deemed this campaign “actual xenophobia.” In response to the backlash, Scott defended the political intent behind his ad campaign to a single commenter: “THE ENTIRE CONCEPT OF MY AD CAMPAIGN WAS TO BRING ATTENTION TO THE US ADMINISTRATION’S HARSH STANCE TOWARDS ‘ILLEGAL ALIENS.’ I PAINTED THE MODELS IN MY SHOW AND THIS CAMPAIGN AS A WAY TO BRING ATTENTION TO THIS AND DISCUSS WHAT EXACTLY IS AN 'ALIEN' ARE THEY ORANGE BLUE YELLOW GREEN? NO THEY ARE OUR FRIENDS, NEIGHBORS, CO WORKERS, RELATIVES AND PEOPLE WE LOVE.”In Hadid’s Instagram story, the models' faces and necks were absolutely opaque, and their hands and forearms—which poked gracefully through the sleeves of Moschino jacket-sleeves in subsequent Instagram pictures—were equally vibrant. The look juxtaposes a polished, suit-wearing Jackie Kennedy aura with that of an otherworldly creature: Technicolor, whimsical, and utterly bizarre.In February, Moschino launched its Fall/Winter 2018-2019 collection, and brightly painted models—among whom were Kaia Gerber, Soo Joo, Gigi Hadid, and Bella Hadid—walked the runway clad in mid-length skirts, matching suit-jackets, and sixties bobs. Hence, the Jackie-O-technicolor-creature juxtaposition. The new ad campaign features the same clothes and artificial skin colors. A single word has worked its way through Hadid's Instagram caption, a Vogue Paris piece on the February show, and Scott’s Instagram reference to Trump's disparaged immigration policies: Alien. An i-D article reported the show as Scott’s creative interrogation of historical conspiracy theories—mostly involving aliens—surrounding Marilyn Monroe’s death, Jackie Kennedy, and Area 51.  Jackie O as a space alien for @Moschino👛 @itsjeremyscott was inspired by a conspiracy theory in which JFK told Marilyn Monroe that aliens exist and they’d both have to be assassinated by the government to keep it under wraps 👽👽👽 Hair by @paulhanlonhair, makeup by @kabukinyc  #mfwA post shared by  Lauren Valenti (@lauren_valenti) on Feb 21, 2018 at 3:18pm PSTYesterday, with the announcement of the new campaign, Scott is continuing to use the multi-faceted, extremely volatile concept of “alien”—and the blue and orange body makeup he uses as indicators of one—to make a political statement about Trump’s immigration policy, child detention centers, and, more generally, the American fear of illegal aliens. Scott captioned another Instagram photo, of a blue-bodied Gigi Hadid in an orange Moschino coat and black bag and hat, with a longer discussion campaign’s project: “WHAT IS AN ‘ALIEN?’ THE CONCEPT OF MY AD CAMPAIGN IS TO BRING ATTENTION TO THE US ADMINISTRATION’S HARSH STANCE TOWARDS ‘ILLEGAL ALIENS.’ I PAINTED THE MODELS IN MY SHOW AND THIS CAMPAIGN AS A WAY TO OPEN A DISCUSSION ON WHAT EXACTLY AN 'ALIEN' IS - ARE THEY ORANGE BLUE YELLOW GREEN? DOES THIS MATTER? THEY ARE OUR FRIENDS, NEIGHBORS, CO WORKERS, RELATIVES AND PEOPLE WE LOVE.” ALIEN NATION ! @gigihadid STARS IN MY NEW @moschino CAMPAIGN SHOT BY STEVEN MEISEL & STYLED BY @carlynecerfdedudzeele HAIR & MAKE UP BY @guidopalau & @patmcgrathreal. WHAT IS AN “ALIEN?” THE CONCEPT OF MY AD CAMPAIGN IS TO BRING ATTENTION TO THE US ADMINISTRATION’S HARSH STANCE TOWARDS ‘ILLEGAL ALIENS.’ I PAINTED THE MODELS IN MY SHOW AND THIS CAMPAIGN AS A WAY TO OPEN A DISCUSSION ON WHAT EXACTLY AN 'ALIEN' IS - ARE THEY ORANGE BLUE YELLOW GREEN? DOES THIS MATTER? THEY ARE OUR FRIENDS, NEIGHBORS, CO WORKERS, RELATIVES AND PEOPLE WE LOVE.A post shared by  Jeremy Scott (@itsjeremyscott) on Jun 25, 2018 at 11:20am PDTThe collection is part investigation of old conspiracy theories and part commentary on the political climate in which we are living.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I vote for Brazil, too.If the names Sara Sampaio, Jasmine Tookes, and Martha Hunt sound familiar to you, it's because they're Victoria’s Secret Angels. You know, the winged models that represent the brand that throws the most elaborate annual lingerie shows and whose Bombshell perfume became your signature scent in high school (just me?). The ladies are well-versed in the world of sexy undergarments, catwalks, and everything VS (they currently all love the T-shirt bra), which comes as no surprise as you should live and breathe the label you love and rep, right?When I had the opportunity to ask the models a few questions, at the top of my list was, where is the next Victoria's Secret Fashion show. (Last year it was in Shanghai and the year before it was in Paris.) While I didn't get a definite answer (the show's date hasn't even been announced), the ladies did share their dream locations as well as some other fun, personal fashion tidbits.Sara Sampaio: A pair of panties.Jasmine Tookes: It had to have been one of the fragrances! I remember, growing up, all my friends always lined them up on their vanities.Martha Hunt: A PINK bra. I remember it was a purple striped bra.SS: Portugal—it’s my home country, gotta represent!JT: Brazil! Brazilians have the most amazing energy and I fell in love with Brazil during my time spent there for New Year's Eve.MH: It would be really fun if the show was in Brazil. The culture is so sensual, flavorful, and vibrant. I think [the country] would love to host the show.SS: I love braiding my hair. I also always pack a bathing suit wherever I go.JT: Don’t forget about dresses. They’re so easy to wear and always give such a fun summery feel to any day.MH: Wearing sleepwear as outerwear. Slips are super comfortable and they’re really breezy in the summer and always look chic. You can even dress up a matching PJ set by throwing on a pair of heels.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Pippa ditched maternity wear for this easy, breezy look.Pippa Middleton is counting on one fashion item to get her through her pregnancy: gorgeous summertime dresses. Since announcing that she was expecting a baby with husband James Matthews, the socialite has pulled off a range of dress styles from the floral wrap piece to a printed maternity shirtdress. At one point, Pippa made a switch and rocked a jumpsuit, proving to everyone that nothing is off limits for expectant mamas. (Well, except maybe platform wedges.) But, a breezy dress still seems to be her uniform of choice. On Monday, Pippa stepped out in a classic striped cotton dress from J.Crew, which prominently highlighted her baby bump—one of the first times it's been clearly visible since she announced her pregnancy.She frequently wears easy summer pieces from the affordable retailer and this particular dress is only $158, with plenty of sizes still available to shop. Pippa topped off the look with brown accessories—a studded thong sandal and a fringe Dee Ocleppo shoulder bag. (If the designer sounds familiar, it's because she's married to Tommy Hilfiger!) Get Pippa's exact dress, below.J.Crew, $158 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The skirt suit was perfect for the occasion. If it feels like Meghan Markle has a public engagement every week, it's because she's a busy royal. This month, after a visit to Cheshire with the queen, followed by her first-ever Royal Ascot event, the Duchess of Sussex added another exciting program to her list of to-dos. She attended the Young Leaders Reception for the first time with Prince Harry. (David Beckham was there too!)Meghan wore a custom blush two-piece set from Prada. For her shoes, she turned to her go-to footwear brand Aquazzura for a pair of black suede pumps. She accessorized with a Prada clutch and a delicate cross bracelet. The look was slightly more formal than her previous ensembles given this is a special awards ceremony. Aside from what she wore, this moment was important for Meghan as she officially took over Queen Elizabeth's role in the organization. The Duchess of Sussex will have a busy July as well with Prince Louis's christening, which she'll likely attend, and a visit to Ireland on July 10 and 11 with Prince Harry. No doubt her suitcase will be packed full of glamorous travel looks.Shop some of Meghan's accessories, below:Prada, $1,459 SHOP ITAquazzura, $750 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			When the '90s meets 2018.What's a good alternative to heels and sandals, you ask? Platform sneakers. These shoes give you that height boost without sacrificing comfort and as Gigi Hadid proved on Monday, they're perfect for walking around the city in. The model was spotted out with her mother and wore a pair of pink chunky sneakers from Buffalo London x Opening Ceremony. The '90s-inspired sneaker will definitely bring back memories of your childhood platforms (um, remember wheelie sneakers?), though I admit Hadid's 2018 version is way cooler. Her millennial pink kicks even resembled this season's It shoe—the dad sneakers—with an even thicker sole. The star styled the footwear with casual denim cutoff shorts and a white T-shirt with the sleeves rolled up. She appeared to be catching a flight out of town as she was seen getting into her car with her Away carry-on luggage.Hadid isn't the first to wear the designer kicks; both Madison Beer and Rita Ora own a pair of the $225 sneakers. If you've fallen in love with the futuristic shoes, as I have, shop them ahead and then wear it with skinny jeans or a white summer maxi dress.Buffalo London x Opening Ceremony, $225 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She's traded them in for dainty clutches.Meghan Markle is quickly morphing into the perfect princess. She’s adapting to her royal duties nicely (the queen even passed one of her roles off to Meghan) and her princess street style has been spot on. She's swapped her jeans for polished dresses, fedoras for fascinators, and, now, her casual crossbody bags for elegant clutches. Prior to becoming the Duchess of Sussex, Meghan was spotted in crossbody pieces and top handle totes from the likes of Strathberry and Chloé. While the items themselves were cute and trendy, they apparently weren't a fit for a royal's wardrobe, especially for more formal public appearances. "Cross-body bags look great with jeans and trousers and more informal clothes, but not with designer outfits, especially when you are being photographed and scrutinized from every angle," Royal expert Penny Junor said to Harper's Bazaar UK. "Now that she is a Duchess, she doesn't need anything more useful than lipstick, and possibly her phone."Clutches do look daintier and cleaner with Meghan's new royal wardrobe, as the photos can attest to. "As the Duchess of Sussex has started attending events that are more formal in nature, we see her handbag style transitioning from larger, casual totes to smaller, more formal clutches," said etiquette coach Myka Meier from Beaumont Etiquette.She's also seemingly following in her sister-in-law's footsteps as Kate Middleton's known for holding clutches in order to avoid awkward handshakes. Princess Diana, too, often carried the tiny accessory as a way to shield her chest when she wore low-cut dresses. So, you can say clutches run in the family.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Best. Day. Ever.Meghan Markle and Prince Harry made their first public appearance as a couple at the 2017 Invictus Games. Even then, the Meghan Markle effect (the ability for her to wear something and have it instantly sell out) was real. Fans were eager to dissect every inch of her look and within a day, we knew exactly what she was wearing: a white button-down from Misa Nonoo, Sarah Flint flats, Mother jeans, Finlay & Co. sunglasses, and a brown Everlane tote bag. Her affordable pieces sold out at the drop of a hat fascinator, particularly her denim choice, which, according to the brand, saw a 1,000 percent increase in traffic to the page compared to just one week prior. Presently, the waitlist for said jeans totals almost 4,000 people. If you weren't able to grab Meghan's "Looker Ankle Fray in Love Gun" style the first time around, the label announced it's restocking the jeans...TODAY. The denim will be available on Mother's website and in stores, marking the first global re-issue of the style. Considering the first denim restock back in March sold out in three days, you have exactly 72 hours or less to grab yours now. Good luck!Mother "Looker Ankle Fray in Love Gun," $228 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She rarely posts swimsuit pics to Instagram.Unlike her sisters, Kendall Jenner rarely posts bikini photos on Instagram. So when she does share one, I definitely notice. As I was scrolling through my feed, I caught sight of Jenner's yellow bikini, which featured high-waisted bottoms and a knotted bandeau style top. Jenner posted several snaps of the two piece, leaving her face completely out of the picture (a photographic aesthetic she uses frequently.) Since my attention was directed at nothing else but the swimsuit, I, of course, tracked down the exact piece just in case anyone else was wondering where to shop it. The Kendall + Kylie piece comes from the Jenner sisters' own clothing line (they also sell bags, clothes, sunglasses, and shoes) and is an affordable $78 for the top and $68 for the matching bottoms. The model, in a genius self-marketing move, would rep her own designs for the 'gram. You might want to add this summer item to your checkout cart, ASAP. Kendall + Kylie bikini top, Revolve, $78 SHOP ITKendall + Kylie bikini bottom, Revolve, $68 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			...at an event Meghan attended.Back in May, in the days leading up to Meghan Markle’s wedding to Prince Harry, there were a few bumps in the road with her family. Her father, Thomas Markle, ultimately did not attend the ceremony because of his health conditions. But, unbeknownst to many of us, his royal suit—the one he would have worn to walk Meghan down the aisle in—was left at the tailor’s with no one to claim it. Fast forward a month later, sports PR Johnno Spence needed a snazzy suit for the Royal Ascot (where the Duchess of Sussex was in attendance) and ended up purchasing Markle's wedding suit (!) as well as a few of his other custom pieces. "I went into my tailors because I needed a new morning suit," Spence said to The Sunday Telegraph. "His face lit up and he said 'Well, actually I’ve got the perfect thing for you, a tail suit, a summer suit and three shirts we made for Mr. Markle, but unfortunately he couldn’t take them.' It was a shame Mr. Markle couldn’t attend his daughter's wedding, but you could say his misfortune was my good luck."So in conclusion: Meghan was at the race, Spence was at the race, and Spence wore Meghan's dad's wedding suit. What a strange twist of events. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			An ongoing look at the model's best outfits.From cutout dresses on red carpets to sleek suits at Cannes, Bella Hadid's style is always on point. Here, an ongoing look at the model's best outfits.Leaving the Pretty Box vintage store in Paris wearing a bright yellow suit and sneakers.At the TAG Heuer Grand Prix De Monaco Party in Monaco, wearing Dion Lee's Fall 2018 X-Ray Sheath Dress in Ivory and BaubleBar earrings.In Cannes, France wearing silver bike shorts, a grey crop top, and Bulgari diamonds.In Greenwich Village, New York City, wearing a see-through white vest top, with high-waisted pants, and red boots.In Paris heading to the Dior menswear show. Wearing a black suit without a shirt, with a neck tie, sunglasses, and sneakers.Wearing a Fendi top with a matching purse in Paris.Hadid wore head-to-toe black out in New York City. Hadid wore a white top, red boots, and jeans with red detailing while out in London. Hadid wore a '90s-inspired shiny red suit, with black boots and a black hat, out in New York City. The model wore a chic white gown and Bulgari jewelry at the Bulgari store opening in New York City.The model wore a ribbed dress and yellow-tinted sunglasses in New York City.The model stepped out in a red newsboy hat, mini sunglasses, retro hoop earrings, streetwear style long-sleeve tee, plaid vest with matching trousers, and black heeled boots in Paris.The model wore a black slip dress and party animal headband while out in New York City. The model wore a white, off-the-shoulder crop top and ripped jeans while out in New York City.The model wore loose, black, high-waisted pants and a white crop top while out in New York City. The model wore blue pants with a yellow strip, a blue sports bra, and a white jacket while out in NYC.The model wore a gray, bell-bottomed jumpsuit at the airport in Paris. The model wore a see-through, crocheted white ensemble at the Majestic hotel during the 70th annual Cannes Film Festival.The model wore a fur-trimmed Chrome Hearts x Bella cardigan, a white t-shirt, a pleated leather mini-skirt, and strappy pumps while out in London.The supermodel strutted down the streets of Paris sporting a "Real Love" red hoodie and a pair of frayed jeans patched with two broken hearts, both from the brand StickyBaby. She topped off the look with a cropped cutoff denim jacket and black loafer slides. So the question remains: Is the model trying to tell us something, or is she just trolling us?Leaving the gym in New York City.Out in Manhattan, wearing a Chrome Hearts sweatsuit.While out in Paris, the model wore a tight leather dress, leather gloves, and strappy shoes. While out in Milan during Fashion Week, the rising model stepped out in a particularly unique outfit. Bella wore a head-to-toe bedazzled look, featuring an asymmetrical crystal stripe top with one long sleeve and one thin sparkly strap, matching sparkly striped pants and strappy black heels. ~Casual~The model made her way down a NYC sidewalk wearing a Marcelo Burlon x Alpha Industries jackets over a black top and distressed jean shorts with Wolford fishnets and ankle-strap sandals. For a Dior beauty event, she wears a denim balconette dress by the house with a furry stole and lariat necklace. The model also wore black patent platform sandals by Stuart Weitzman. Hadid leaves the Chanel Haute Couture show in Paris wearing a white cowl neck dress with over-the-knee heeled boots by Stuart Weitzman. She carried a black bag and wore a pair of retro sunglasses. The model wore an oversized coat with fringe arms over an all-black pant and high-neck shirt ensemble for a shopping trip in Paris. And, obviously, Hadid had the best accessory of all: a Louis Vuitton shopping bag.Hadid wore a pair of patchwork jeans with white booties and a leather jacket while out in Paris. Out in Paris wearing a black Givenchy bomber over a totally sheer mesh bodysuit with a black miniskirt and thigh-high boots. From: ELLE US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Meghan Markle has impeccable style. She's been a style icon since before she joined the royal family, but ever since her engagement to Prince Harry, she's taken things to the next level. Everything about every look is on-point—that's why some fans have been surprised to notice one fashion quirk of Meghan's: Her shoes are almost always a size or two too big. It's true. Look closely at Meghan's shoes and you'll almost always notice a gap at the heel. Fans especially took note of this with her Royal Ascot outfit. The stunning Givenchy look was paired with black pumps that were noticeably loose. According to fashion expert Harriet Davey, there's a good reason for Meghan's ill-fitting footwear."Celebs often go a size up, or even two, in the shoe department when they're at an event or on the red carpet and it's for one reason we can all relate to—to avoid blisters," Davey told The Sun. "There's nothing worse than uncomfortable shoes (we've all been there on a night out) and when celebs like Meghan are wearing heels for a long period of time their feet can often swell up."This makes sense—especially for someone who spends as much time on her feet (and in heels) as Meghan. "The swelling can cause blisters and in the long run bunions—like long-time heel fan Victoria Beckham has been rumored to suffer with," Davey added. Meghan has been working this fashion trick for a while now—even the shoes she wore at her November 2017 engagement photo call with Harry looked too big. So how does Meghan (and other celebrities who use the same trick) keep her shoes from slipping off when she goes up a size or two? "A trick of the trade is to stuff the toe with padding like tissue or cotton wool, and this can be taken out once they feel like they need a bit more room in their shoes," Davey explained. The more you know. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			They chose nearly identical black-and-white looks.On Tuesday, Meghan Markle and Prince Harry joined the Queen for the opening day at the Royal Ascot. For the big event, Meghan wore a white Givenchy shirt dress that was belted at the waist, a black-and-white Philip Treacy hat, black pumps, and a simple black clutch. The look was simple! Pretty! And, apparently, The Look for Royal Ascot because yesterday Ciara arrived at day three of the races wearing a nearly identical outfit:The singer also chose a white dress belted at the waist for the occasion, though hers was more structured than Meghan's and designed by Edeline Lee. Like the Duchess of Sussex, Ciara finished her look with black pumps, a simple black clutch, and a black-and-white Philip Treacy hat. Ciara's asymmetrical sleeves even look a bit like the cut of Meghan's skirt! There are, of course, several differences: the Givenchy dress features delicate lace detailing, buttons down the front, and is cinched with a black belt. The Edeline Lee dress sticks to all white and one fabric, but gets fancy with the shoulders and sleeves. Ciara also chose a pop of color for her lips while Meghan wore the clean, minimal makeup look she's been sporting lately. (Who could forget her royal wedding makeup?!) Their hats, though by the same designer, aren't quite the same. Ciara is also wearing her name tag while Meghan chose to carry hers instead.Considering the Royal Ascot's strict dress code is all about "sartorial elegance," it makes sense that the women dressed in a similar fashion. It requires ladies to wear skirts that fall below the knee, dresses that have at least one-inch straps, and hats that have "a solid base of 4 inches or more." Both women look marvelous and ready for a day at the races!		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The limited-edition line sold out in an hour.When Melania Trump flew to Texas from Washington, D.C. wearing a Zara jacket with the slogan, “I REALLY DON’T CARE, DO U?” on the back, it drew the ire of the internet. That’s because Melania was on her way to visit one of the immigrant detention centers that’s currently housing over 2,000 children who have been separated from their parents as a result of her husband’s zero-tolerance immigration policy. The separation policy has been so universally unpopular that President Trump backpedaled and signed executive order to stop the separations. The jacket felt like an intentional slap in the face to those children. Later, Donald Trump tweeted that the, uh, statement garment was an eff-you to the “Fake News Media.” But even if that were true, the optics were horrific. And though Melania took the jacket off when actually meeting with children, she made sure to get photographed with it back on later.But in a move that’s as classy as it is clever, L.A.-based clothing brand Wildfang released a limited run of t-shirts and bomber jackets Thursday night, all emblazoned with the phrase, “I REALLY CARE, DON’T U?” Even better, 100 percent of the proceeds—$40 for shirts, $98 for jackets—go to the Refugee and Immigrant Center for Education and Legal Services (RAICES), which has been providing legal help and financial assistance to families that have been separated by ICE. According to site Them, the entire collection sold out in an hour, and a second run of the pieces sold out overnight. “Within a few hours we decided as a team we wanted to do something — this could not go unnoticed — so we put our heads together and went with impact,” Wildfang founder Emma Mcilroy is quoted as saying.It’s an awesome move on Wildfang’s part. Gotta love any gesture that can provide actual help to people while also dragging the Trump administration. Here’s a list of things you can also do to help migrant families. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			SO many pockets.In her first return to Paris since the 2016 robbery, Kim Kardashian-West attended the Louis Vuitton Menswear Spring/Summer 2019 runway show yesterday in a jacket that any serious camper would be envious of.Her electric blue Louis Vuitton coat featured more pockets than there are females in the Kardashian family, which is impressive and incredibly handy:Everyone always says that women’s fashion needs more pockets, so LV has finally answered all of our prayers, as Kim demonstrated in the jacket which provides a convenient slot for all of your snacking, makeup, loose change, tampons, technology, and hundred dollar bill needs. Kim styled the brightly colored jacket with barely visible black bike shorts, strappy heels and the world’s most enormous sunglasses. I’ve only just bought a pair of those miniature, slim sunglasses, so clearly I really cannot keep up with the Kardashians.Unfortunately there was no pocket quite big enough to store Kanye in, so he stood side by side with Kim in a casual, long-sleeved sweatshirt covered in DIY artwork, sweatpants, a baseball cap, and sneakers straight outta 1994.It seems as though utility chic is officially in though, as Kylie Jenner opted for a similarly practical look in what can only be described as a bright yellow hazmat suit. No infectious disease for Kylie, thank you very much.In their Rainbow Brite lewks neither sister was going to be missed in the crowd, but sitting together they look like two fabulous highlighters ready to mark up passages in your middle school science textbook—and it's so good!		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Because outfit planning starts now.On July 4th, before you hop into the pool with a cocktail in hand, you’ll want to show up to the backyard BBQ or rooftop party dressed in your summer best. If wearing red, white, and blue from head to toe doesn't appeal to you, there are other outfit ideas, courtesy of your favorite stars below, that are well-ventilated, casual, and cute. Whether you chose an easy red jumpsuit or forgo all independence-day traditions by showing up in a denim shorts and black tee, as long as your comfortable that's all that matters.Stars and stripes is the standard fare for July 4th outfits, so change it up with a floral print à la Lily Aldridge. You hit two of the three flag colors with the white and red, so it’s definitely still appropriate for the day’s festivities. A simple dress like Aldridge’s Reformation number is the definition of slip on and go, but if you want that additional fashion girl touch, pile on the jewelry. Style your effortless look with white mules and that trendy bag you turn to on your days off. Shop similar: 1. Lush dress, $59; 2. Cult Gaia acrylic clutch, $318; 3. Halogen mules, $90The surest way to stand out in the crowd while you watch the fireworks is in red. Get inspired by Ashley Madekwe and add a red jumpsuit to your list as a July 4th outfit contender. This option gives you the greatest mobility, so you can sit cross-legged on the grass or run around with your nieces and nephews. Accessorize your jumpsuit with a pair of t-strap sandals, sunglasses, and a bag. Another option: Swap out the shoulder bag and travel light with just a clutch. Shop similar: 1. BP linen blend jumpsuit, $59; 2. Le Specs x Adam Selman sunglasses, $120; 3. Madewell drawstring tote, $98; 4. Ancient Greek sandals, $185Let the holiday fervor get the best of you with a star-spangled top. Tuck it into a denim mini skirt for that all-American look Kendall Jenner’s channeling. This street style outfit is perfect if you’re planning to spend the day on a rooftop with friends (make sure to take plenty of photos!). Instead of sandals or heels, take the model off-duty approach and pair the look with ankle boots. My choice is patent leather for that sleek and shiny feel.Shop similar: 1. Amiri halter top, $239; 2. H&M sunglasses, $10; 3. MICHAEL Michael Kors bag, $298; 4. Topshop denim miniskirt, $55; 5. Jeffrey Campbell bootie, $170If you’re in a panic over what to wear, follow Olivia Palermo’s lead and select an all-white look. This basic outfit is so easy to throw together (think of all the white pieces you own), it’ll only take minutes to pull together. You’ll need two items: a white T-shirt and a white skirt. Palermo added texture to her overall look with an eyelet pattern midi skirt, but you can easily emulate that feel with a ruffle design or a breezy, chiffon number. Slip on some sunglasses and you’ll be all dressed and ready while your roommates ponder over their own outfits.Shop similar: 1. Double Trouble Gang tee, $43; 2. Quay sunglasses, $60; 3. Rebecca Taylor eyelet skirt, $395; 4. Linea Paolo sandals, $120Pull a Gigi Hadid and go for denim on denim. The key to making this outfit look uniform is by selecting a jacket and jeans of the same or similar wash. To emphasize a waistline, choose a crop jean jacket or top (in red for July 4th). The most difficult styling trick in this particular look, however, is what to wear underneath. Take this cue from Hadid, who expertly matched her shirt to her boots for a consistent color scheme. The best part about this outfit is that you can re-wear it to work the next day. Though, perhaps you could substitute the crop top for a longer shirt that doesn’t expose your belly button.Shop similar: 1. Ksubi jean jacket, $215; 2. Topshop stripe top, $18; 3. Zara sunglasses, $26; 4. Aquazzura boots, $895; 5. GRLFRND jeans, $250		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			And none of her pieces will break the bank.On Thursday, Amber Rose released a curated collection of 25 pieces for fashion retailer Simply Be (after announcing the news earlier this month). The edited group contains a mix of items from body-con dresses to swimsuits to shoes with prices ranging from $20 to $75. If you follow the star, you know Rose has a unique sense of style and isn't afraid to bare it all. In fact, you can practically see the star wearing all of the clothes below.Along with a strong sense of style, the body-positive activist is also an advocate for self-love and female empowerment. She proved that by partnering with a label that offers extended sizing to celebrate women of all sizes and shapes. Fans of Rose can easily channel her street style with the five items, ahead.Simply Be bodycon dress, $41 SHOP ITSimply Be slides, $20 SHOP ITSimply Be skirt, $41 SHOP ITSimple Be bodysuit, $33 SHOP ITSimply Be sock boots, $75 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			This is disturbing.Kendall Jenner was trying to live her life and do "normal people" things like go grocery shopping yesterday, when she ran into a rather disturbing (to put it mildly) situation. According to her Instagram story, Jenner went out to buy milk and spotted someone wearing a "Kill the Kardashians" tank. The model posted the quick snap on her social media account:My first thought was "OMG" followed by "That is so disturbing" and then, "I never want to be famous." The worst thing that ever happens to me when I run out to buy milk is that a neighbor spots me in pajama pants, so I can't even imagine how Jenner was feeling when she saw the shirt. I'm sure the shirt was meant as a "joke." But no one is laughing—especially considering the threats that have been made against the Kardashian family in the past. Kylie Jenner reportedly received kidnapping threats for daughter, Stormi, which prompted her to delete most of the photos of her infant from her social media earlier this month. In 2016, Kendall Jenner had to testify against a man accused of trespassing and stalking her, telling the judge, "I’ve never been so scared in my life." And Kim Kardashian has shared that she was convinced she was going to die when she was robbed at gunpoint in Paris in October 2016."I was looking at the gun, looking down back at the stairs," Kim told her sisters, recounting the incident on an episode of Keeping Up With the Kardashians. "I have a split second in my mind to make this quick decision. Am I going to run down the stairs and either be shot in the back—it makes me so upset to think about it—but either they're going to shoot me in the back or if I make it and they don't, if the elevator doesn't open in time or the stairs are locked, then I'm f*cked! There's no way out.""I just knew that was the moment," Kim said of the moment a gun was held to her head. "They're just totally going to shoot me in the head. I just prayed that Kourtney's going to have a normal life after she sees my dead body on the bed...I have a family. I have my kids, my husband, my mom—I'm not going to make it out of here. I know how these things go." So, yeah, not funny.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			This is her signature style.Kylie Jenner is in France for the Cannes Lion Festival, and for the trip, she packed a few gorgeous outfits. On Wednesday, the star was photographed in a body-hugging brocade print minidress and while my first thought was "is this from Fashion Nova?" the luxe piece (it's $550) was actually designed by Manning Cartell. The print and material also drew parallels to the Chinese garment qipao.The 20-year-old kept her look sporty with a pair of Chanel trainers and accessorized with a L'afshar lucite clutch and Andy Wolf sunglasses. It seems Kylie loved her outfit, too, since she posted a back shot of her dress on Instagram. From that angle, you can see the dress's crisscross strap details and open back design. 🌎A post shared by  Kylie ✨ (@kyliejenner) on Jun 20, 2018 at 10:35am PDTKylie's swanky dress is still available to shop in several sizes, but I also found similar, more affordable brocade dresses ahead.Manning Cartell, $550 SHOP ITby the way., $66 SHOP ITLovers + Friends, $198 SHOP ITby the way., $70 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Leave the bandaids at home.The shoes you wear to your friend’s summer wedding are almost as important your dress. Heels are notorious for causing painful toe blisters or sinking right into the grass, which makes finding the right pair all the more difficult. One lesson I've learned? Leave the 5-inch stiletto heels at home if you plan to dance the night away. Ahead, 10 options to keep you on your feet, the comfortable way, all day long.Joie, $348 SHOP ITFor a comfortable boost in height, select a pair of platform espadrilles that will give you both arch and ankle support. The crisscross straps and buckle detail ensure the shoes won't slip off your feet with every dance move.Dolce Vita, $120SHOP ITThis block heel sandal isn't just your everyday shoe, it's suitable for fancy occasions too. It comes in five different colors, but I'm picking a summery yellow to match the floral prints in my summer wedding wardrobe. Let's call this the all-occasion sandal, shall we?Alice & Olivia, $350SHOP ITIf your wedding guest outfit could use a colorful pick-me-up, these rainbow mules from Alice & Olivia will do the trick. The metallic leather bands will shimmer and shine as you walk—a guaranteed way to make an entrance.Francesco Russo, $356SHOP ITIf you prefer closed-toe pumps, this Francesco Russo pair is my pick for its unique signature flame silhouette. You won't have to worry about discomfort with the 2.75-inch cigarette heel. Party away!Nine West, $80SHOP ITMinimalists will love this rather classic single-strap sandal. The ultra slender straps provide a barely-there feel while the curvy demi-block heel adds a nice architectural design element. Wear this with your favorite minidress or keep it hidden under a maxi.Botkier, $138SHOP IT With a 2.5-inch heel, this Botkier mule is the perfect option if you plan to mingle at the reception. You won't have to excuse yourself from the conversation with your friend's cousin's hot older brother because the straps are digging into your skin.Topshop, $90SHOP ITBlock heels pass the grass test every time, so stride confidently to your seat at the ceremony. This particular Topshop design has a 3-inch heel, which falls into that sweet spot for a bearable heel height.Jagger, $134SHOP ITI will gladly trade in my sky-high pumps for this summer kitten heel. The red-and-white side bow adds a feminine touch to the shoe, if that's the vibe you're going for at the wedding.Sol Sana, $145SHOP ITAn easy way to make sure your heels always match your dress is to go with PVC details. The translucent material won't clash with the prints on your favorite dress.Zara, $70SHOP ITThese goddess-like gold sandals are suited for more elegant affairs like black tie weddings. You can pair it with a navy cocktail dress or a burgundy chiffon maxi for that dressy vibe. Expect to keep this shoe in your wardrobe for seasons to come.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The Draper James piece is called "Madeline."Reese Witherspoon spearheaded the creation of HBO's hit-series Big Little Lies, so it obviously has a special place in her heart. The multi-hyphenate actress recently showed her fans just how much she loves the show by launching a dress named after her BLL character, Madeline Martha Mackenzie. Available through Witherspoon's personal Draper James fashion line, which is full of southern charm, the "Madeline," silk number features a detailed leaf print and yellow beaded embroidery. The vibrant dress clearly pays homage to both Witherspoon's southern roots and her character's preppy housewife vibes. A quick recap of Madeline's style:Here's Witherspoon looking cute in the "Madeline" dress:Draper James "Madeline" dress, $295 SHOP ITThe feminine dress is absolutely a genius design on Witherspoon's part because now every BLL fan can channel her character's style, and, essentially, Witherspoon's too. If you're looking for a place to wear the limited-edition piece, it would work as a wedding guest dress or as a Halloween costume should you wish to dress like Witherspoon's show character. (What? It's never too early to plan ahead.)		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The pink dress is my fave.Victoria Beckham touched down in New York City on June 18 for business, and she packed the most colorful outfits we’ve seen yet. Over the past couple of days, she has easily turned the concrete streets into her own fashion runway. On her very first day in the city, the star stepped out in pastel separates paired with mint-green pumps from her own collection. The Spring 2018 look was a Beckham signature—she’s known for wearing her own designs. While this outfit was sweet, Beckham then changed into a slightly more edgy look (she is in NYC, after all) with a cameo print T-shirt and jeans.For day two, Beckham proved she's truly not afraid of color by walking out in a Pepto Bismol-pink dress. She wore the sleeveless number, along with a pair of blue pumps, both from her own line, for the Forbes Women's Summit. The designer shielded her eyes from the paparazzi with her Céline visor top sunglasses all three days. Take a peek at all her NYC ensembles (so far), ahead.The star truly brought her fashion A game to the big apple on June 18. Beckham stepped out in a striped ensemble and gave her sherbet-colored look another pop of color with minty green pumps.Jeans are a staple, especially when you're traveling. Beckham packed a pair of versatile dark blue skinnies, which she wore with a boyish cameo shirt on June 18. Beckham dress tip: Tuck your top in to make the outfit look pulled together.Beckham stepped out on June 19 for the Forbes Women's Summit in a sleeveless pink dress and blue pumps, all from her own collection. She has a history of wearing different colored shoes with her outfits. And, she rocks the hell out of it.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The top picks from stylists, CEOs, and designers.It’s rare to find a shoe that fits comfortably on your first try. (If you’ve found that Cinderella pair, please email me.) For sandals and heels, you can almost anticipate them pinching or rubbing the skin off your heels, but for sneakers, it’s slightly more difficult to tell which ones will result in sneak-attack blisters.Though I'm lucky to have finally found a magical pair (they're Kenneth Cole "Kams" and Kendall Jenner owns them too—I always tell people this), I know I might not get so fortunate with my next sneaker purchase. So, I tapped several footwear experts, from shoe designers to style tastemakers in the fashion industry, to share their personal recommendations on "a comfy sneaker." Here, the best sneaks, from classics like Nike to newcomer brand Allbirds."Right now I am really into my Adidas Deerupt sneakers. The technical fabric and performance capabilities make it a really comfortable shoe that molds to your foot. It is perfect for all-day wear. In addition to the comfort, the overall design with the two tone and netting keeps me reaching for these shoes time and time again. These sneakers are also very versatile—I find myself wearing them on the weekdays and on the weekends, whether I pair them with jeans or a knit tank dress." — Erica Russo, Bloomingdale's VP and Fashion Director for Accessories and BeautyAdidas, $100 SHOP IT"Most people are surprised to know that I love to wear my Nike LunarEpic Flyknit sneakers to the office. Call it one of the perks of living in Los Angeles, which has a more casual work culture, but on days when I don’t have any big meetings, I pair them with my workout clothes and do 30 minutes of Pilates during lunch.On the weekends, you can find me wearing them to hike Franklin Canyon with my daughter Minty and my partner Michael. I love this spot because it’s a bit off the beaten path and much less of a scene than Runyon." — Tamara Mellon, Designer and Founder of Tamara Mellon Nike, $112 SHOP IT"My go-to sneakers for travel are my Apollo Mocs by Native. They are lightweight and laceless, they're so easy to remove through security at the airport, and they don’t lose their form as you squish them under the seat on the plane. The perforated upper makes them totally breathable and the cushioned sole has great grip for running across airport terminals and over different terrain. Best of all, they weigh like nothing in the suitcase. I love all the color ways they make, but my light grey pair goes with everything except socks." — Rose Jones, TOMS Design DirectorNative Shoes, $38 SHOP IT"The Nike Air Max 270 is pretty much, hands down, the most comfortable and supportive sneaker that also looks good IMHO. I wear them when I know I’m going to be on my feet all day at a photo shoot or on appointments. They’re also great for travel because they double as running shoes. Plus, they’re vegan which is essential for me. Most days I wear them with jeans and a men’s striped button down, but when I’m feeling extra I’ll pair them with a pantsuit." — Rachael Wang, Stylist & Brand ConsultantNike, $150 SHOP IT"I recently developed a new addiction: Allbirds wool runners. The wool is very soft and flexible on your bare feet, which means no socks necessary. The minimal, barely there feeling of these shoes coupled with the fact that they are extremely lightweight, makes them great for travel (which I do a lot of)! These are definitely my go to pair of shoes if I'm not wearing my Nisolos." — Zoe Cleary, Co-Founder and Designer of NisoloAllbirds, $95 SHOP IT"I am currently obsessed with my Nike x Off White air vapormax white sneakers. They fit like a sock and have the most comfortable cushioned sole. I rock them with everything from my activewear to streetwear and they are my favorite go-to travel shoe. They make everything I have look and feel hipper." — Kay Sides, Founder of R0AMNike x Off White, $540 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The definition of a one-and-done outfit.Pippa Middleton proves you can wear anything you want while pregnant. The expectant mama has worn her share of breezy dresses, platform espadrilles, and, now, a jumpsuit. Over the weekend, Pippa attended a charity event in London honoring the paralympians who took part in the Winter Games in South Korea. (She is a patron of Disability Snowsport UK.)For the event, the socialite wore a blue halter-neck jumpsuit from Tephi London. Because the one piece exposed her shoulders, Pippa went for the modest approach by covering up with a white blazer. She also chose not to match her accessories to her outfit, instead she opted for a pair of lavender-colored Bimba y Lola drop earrings. The jumpsuit was slightly fancier compared to her street style looks, though it had the same easy-dressing approach Pippa's been applying to her pregnancy wardrobe. While her everyday looks have been affordable, this one piece rings in at a pricey $457. I suggest you splurge on this only if you have a special occasion coming up, or, if you just happen to have $500 lying around.Tephi London, $457 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			But Kate would love this look.On Tuesday, Meghan Markle attended her first-ever Royal Ascot event with Prince Harry, the Queen, and the rest of the royal family. The Duchess of Sussex wore a cream-colored Givenchy dress with a black-and-white Philip Treacy hat. Noticeably absent was Prince William and Kate Middleton, who likely is at home caring for her newborn Prince Louis.Meghan's outfit was slightly different than Kate Middleton's first royal ascot look in 2016. Her dress featured a collared neckline and a more buttoned-up vibe while two years ago, Kate wore a breezy, lace Dolce & Gabbana dress with nude pumps and a matching rose fascinator. The Duchess of Sussex's coatdress, however, does seem like something her sister-in-law would wear herself. Kate gravitates towards the more classic styles, and like Meghan, her outfits have inspired a legion of followers, too.Aside from their outfits, when they chose to make their appearances at the Royal Ascot event differed too. The Duchess of Cambridge attended her first race in 2016, 5 years after  getting married, while Meghan experienced this occasion just a month after saying her "I dos." It was reported that while the Queen invited both Prince William and Kate to the Royal Ascot every year since their wedding, the Duchess of Cambridge waited to attend in order to celebrate the Queen's 90th birthday.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Meghan Markle for the win.In honor of what's starting to look like the Kentucky Derby of England, we combed through each of the impressive hats at the Royal Ascot for the ultimate roundup. Ahead, the coolest, most insane hats of the day—including the heads of Meghan Markle, Princess Eugenie, and more.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She already has a go-to designer.Meghan Markle is fully embracing the busy life of a royal. After attending the wedding of Princess Diana’s niece over the weekend, Megan joined Prince Harry, the Queen, and other members of the royal family on Tuesday at the Royal Ascot. For a day of racing, the Duchess of Sussex wore a Givenchy collared dress and a black-and-white Philip Treacy hat.The designer dress featured embroidery around Meghan's waistline and she cinched the look with a black buckle belt. She topped off her outfit with black, closed-toe pumps and a custom Carolina Herrera clutch. This long-sleeve dress was more buttoned-up and sophisticated than her wedding guest ensemble from Sunday, where she wore a more casual printed blue-and-white dress. Today marked the royal's first time at the races and she will even get to present the winning trophy. There's also another special detail to note: Meghan attended the race just a month after becoming a member of the royal family. Unlike Kate Middleton, who made her first appearance in 2016 (this was what she wore, in case you need a refresher). Ahead, see Meghan's outfit from every single angle.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The Duchess of Sussex matched with her late mother-in-law.Meghan Markle and Prince Harry made an unexpected appearance yesterday when they stepped out for his cousin Celia McCorquodale's wedding in Lincolnshire, England. After sporting neutrals on her recent public engagements, the Duchess of Sussex surprised us in a blue-and-white printed dress by Oscar de la Renta for the occasion. The breezy wrap dress was apropos for a summer wedding. In classic royal fashion, the Duchess paired the frock with a snowy fascinator, cutout pumps, and a matching box clutch. The resulting look had her looking like a real-life porcelain vase, but she had an even better twinning moment with her late mother-in-law, Princess Diana.   In 1986 (when Harry was just two years old), the Princess of Wales wore a similar blue and white print on a Catherine Walker tunic during a trip to Saudi Arabia. Her version of the look included white trousers, white flats, and moon-shaped earrings. Daily Mail points out that fan account @loveprincessdiana spotted the similarities between her and Meghan's matching outfits. Markle's sartorial tribute to her late mother-in-law might've been entirely coincidental, but it wouldn't be a shock if it was planned. The Duchess of Sussex is said to have been a big fan of the late princess; she reportedly "wants to be Princess Diana 2.0 ," Markle's childhood friend told royal biographer Andrew Morton. The Duchess also honored Diana's style in a few ways on her wedding day. Her 16-foot veil was seen as a tribute to the princess' trailing version from 1981. Markle's second wedding dress, with its high neckline, was also deemed reminiscent of Diana's wardrobe. She even borrowed an aquamarine cocktail ring from her late mother-in-law's' collection too.From: Harper's BAZAAR US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The royal and King Abdullah II visited the White House.Kate Middleton and Meghan Markle have made their mark as some of the best-dressed royals in history. But there’s another regal woman leaving a fashion legacy behind: Queen Rania of Jordan. A former marketer for Apple in Amman, Rania met then-Prince Abdullah II bin al-Hussein of Jordan in 1993 before marrying him later the same year. She became a queen at just 28 years old. Since receiving the title, the 47-year-old royal has accumulated one jaw-dropping wardrobe (as her 4.5 million fans on Instagram can attest to). Queen Rania has access to coveted designers such as Alexander McQueen and Valentino and her fashion choices might be more daring than either Kate or Meghan's. She's not afraid to wear bold colors or prints and on more than one occasion, has even bared her shoulders. Check out her most fashionable moments, ahead.King Abdullah II of Jordan and Queen Rania of Jordan arrived to the White House for a meeting with President Donald Trump and Melania Trump. The royal wore a pastel pink jumpsuit by Adeam.Queen Maxima of The Netherlands (left) and Queen Rania twinned in gray while visiting the ROC Mondriaan technical school.Queen Rania met up with Queen Maxima to visit the Gemeentemuseum in The Hague, Netherlands. Queen Maxima wore a taupe-colored cape coat while Queen Rania chose a pastel blue outerwear.The royal arrived to the opening of the ordinary session of parliament in Amman, Jordan. She wore a tie-neck white blouse and printed midi skirt.Queen Rania wore a white Tibi bateau neckline top and a Fendi chiffon maxi skirt to the graduation ceremony of the first group of the Teacher Education Professional Diploma in Amman, Jordan.Queen Rania of Jordan stood out in a bright red coat and pink pumps while attending the Sovereign's Parade at the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst in Camberley, England.Queen Rania wore a crisp white Givenchy Haute Couture dress to the 70th Cannes Film Festival.For the Ein Herz Fuer Kinder Gala, Queen Rania wore a long-sleeve embellished gown.Queen Rania wore a black-and-white floral print dress to the Global Goals Awards Dinner at Gustavino's in New York City.For a casual stroll around Amman Design Week's Craft District at the Raghadan Tourist Terminal, Queen Rania dressed down in a shirtdress and tan cowboy-inspired ankle boots.Queen Rania wore a gown by Jordanian-Palestinian label Hama Fashion to celebrate Jordan's 70th Independence Day with her family. While the top portion of her look was a solid plum color, the bottom portion featured a peek of a star print.Queen Rania arrived to the Manus x Machina: Fashion in an Age of Technology Met Gala in a feather-and-sequin Valentino gown.For a visit to the Prado Media Lab cultural center, Queen Rania wore a white billowy-sleeve top and a black-and-white skirt. A red belt tied together the look while also giving it a pop of color.Queen Rania dressed up her belted leather skirt with a silky grid print blouse and asymmetrical pumps. She was visiting the Prado Media Lab cultural center in Madrid, Spain.For the 2015 Social Good Summit, Queen Rania arrived in a white Alexander McQueen dress and Valentino pumps.Queen Rania rubbed elbows with Jennifer Lopez at the UN Foundation's Gender Equality Discussion in New York City. While the royal wore an all-white look, Jennifer stunned in a peachy ensemble. Queen Rania attended the 2014 Global Leadership Dinner in New York City. Her royal blue dress featured black geometric designs, and she color-coordinated her clutch and shoes.Queen Rania arrived to the Mahis School in Jordan and stepped out of the car while wearing a blue-and-white dress that featured a flower decal at the waist. Queen Rania attended Glamour magazine's 2010 Women of the Year Gala in a printed dress from Halston. Queen Rania and her husband, King Abdullah of Jordan, attended the royal wedding of  Crown Princess Victoria of Sweden and Daniel Westling. Queen Rania arrived in a jewel-tone purple dress with matching shoes. She wore a simple headband instead of an elaborate fascinator. Queen Rania left Good Morning America in a polished beige trench coat that covered up her blue top and black skirt. She wore a pair of brown pumps.For the Sanremo Song Festival at the Ariston Theatre in San Remo, Italy, Queen Rania showed up in a ruffled black-and-white column dress.Jennifer Lopez and Queen Rania seem to run into each other quite often (are they secretly besties?). The pair posed for photos at a party celebrating Time Magazine's 100 Most Influential People issue. The royal wore a ruffled blue dress while Lopez chose a strapless printed gown with an embroidered belt.Queen Rania chose a structured blue top and black pleated skirt for her meeting with Bernadette Chirac, wife of former French President Jacques Chirac.Queen Rania wore a lace purple skirt and white button-down shirt for the wedding of then-Spanish Crown Prince Felipe de Bourbon and former journalist Letizia Ortiz at the Almudena cathedral in Madrid.Queen Rania braved the rain in a silver gown for the pre-wedding royal dinner gala for then-Crown Prince Felipe of Spain.Queen Rania of Jordan arrived at a gala dinner for the Jordan River Children Program in Versailles, France. She wore a beautifully draped blush dress with beaded feather designs from Elie Saab and carried a sequin gold clutch.King Abdullah and Queen Rania dressed up for a banquet at the Spencer House during a state visit to London.Queen Rania attended The Midsummer Night's Dream Gala Charity Ball in London in a glittery off-the-shoulder dress.Queen Rania covered up in a cream-colored coat while attending the Sandhurst Military Academy Passing Out Parade.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I want it, and I'm not pregnant.There’s a reason you obsess over Pippa Middleton’s maternity outfits—they always look effortlessly put together. Case in point: She stepped out this weekend in a printed shirtdress and black flats. The socialite's Seraphine maternity look featured an empire waistline and simple buttons on the front. It perfectly highlighted Pippa's growing belly (this was the first time you could clearly make out her baby bump) and she looked quite comfortable in the piece as she ran her errands.The expectant mama has a knack for finding affordable outfits, and this dress is only $65 (and still available). While Pippa styled hers with flats for an easy look, you could take yours up a notch with ankle boots or platform wedges, if you dare. (We know Pippa has a pair in her closet.) Though, she's likely now saving them to wear post-pregnancy. Seraphine, $65 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She loved these pumps so much.Over the weekend, Meghan Markle and Prince Harry attended the wedding of Celia McCorquodale, the late Princess Diana's niece. The Duchess of Sussex chose an Oscar de la Renta floral wrap dress (which could be yours for a cool $5,490) for the occasion. While this was the first time we’ve seen Meghan wearing the blue-and-white designer number, her shoes might have looked rather familiar to you. An eagle-eyed fan on Twitter pointed out that Meghan’s bejeweled Aquazzura pumps (now sold out) were the same ones she wore on her wedding day!Here’s Meghan at McCorquodale’s  wedding:Here’s Meghan leaving Windsor Castle for her wedding reception on May 19:Prior to both these events, Meghan often wore Aquazzura heels (she wore this lace-up pair for her engagement announcement at Kensington Palace), so it's no surprise she continues to turn to the label for important occasions. It appears the royal has also taken a fashion tip from sister-in-law Kate Middleton on how to recycle one's wardrobe, without drawing much attention to the fact. The Duchess of Cambridge is known for re-wearing her outfits on multiple occasions.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Prince Harry and Meghan Markle spent the weekend doing a very normal, married couple thing: attending the wedding of one of Harry's cousins. Of course, since Harry is royalty, the family wedding was not-so-low-key. Meghan and Harry were guests at Celia McCorquodale's, niece of the late Princess Diana, wedding to George Woodhouse at St. Andrew and St. Mary's Church in Stoke Rochford, Lincolnshire, on Saturday.The Duchess of Sussex wore a blue and white, floral wrap dress from Oscar de la Renta for the occasion. The dress retails for $5,490, if you happen to have thousands of dollars lying around that you don't know what to do with. Meghan accessorized the look with a $49 fascinator from Marks & Spencer, the customary hat at royal weddings. Prince Harry coordinated with his wife, wearing a blue tie that perfectly complemented her long sleeve cocktail dress. The bride is Harry's first cousin, the daughter of Princess Diana's oldest sister, Lady Sarah McCorquodale. Celia looked stunning as well in a princess-style dress with a lace bodice and a full-length veil, which was held in place by the iconic Spencer tiara—the same exact tiara Diana wore when she walked down the aisle with Prince Charles 1981.Harry and Meghan attended the wedding just under a month after they exchanged vows themselves at St. George's chapel in Windsor. Celia was a guest at Harry and Meghan's nuptials. Celia joined famous guests at last month's royal wedding that included David and Victoria Beckham, Oprah Winfrey, and Priyanka Chopra. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The MTV Movie Awards were filmed tonight in Santa Monica, two days ahead of their airing Monday night, but there's no wait to see all the fashion celebrities wore to the ceremony. Here, the best outfits from the red carpet, including the dresses Kim Kardashian, the ladies of the Riverdale cast, and more showed up in.From: ELLE US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Who needs dresses, anyway?On Wednesday night, Edward Enninful, the editor-in-chief of British Vogue, hosted a private dinner for Giambattista Valli. The celebration was in honor of his first store opening in London—and Amal Clooney, who has worn the designer on multiple occasions, was there to help toast the occasion. The human rights lawyer showed up in a custom-made one-shoulder jumpsuit from the fashion house and stood tall in a pair of flashy gold pumps. The burgundy design featured ruffles going across her chest and a lace material that gave the jumpsuit a party vibe—it was also the perfect alternative to an evening gown.Being the fashion girl she is, Amal's closet is full of designer goodies. She has worn every label from Alexander McQueen and Monse to Valentino and Versace. Giambattista Valli, however, is definitely one of her favorites. She wore his designs during her wedding weekend back in 2014. Though her party jumpsuit was specifically made for her, I found similar ruffle one pieces, ahead, for you to wear to your next dinner party.Express, $88 SHOP ITMSGM, $344 SHOP ITBoohoo, $30 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Yee-haw!Grab your closest cowskin jacket, leather chaps, and cowboy hat, because Kendall Jenner and Bella Hadid enjoyed a dramatic Western makeover for their new DSquared2 campaign.Revealing their new looks in an Instagram video for the brand, Kendall and Bella can be seen rocking a head-to-toe Western wardrobe, while hanging around in a dimly lit hotel room like it ain’t no thang.The model BFFs are also possibly single-handedly responsible for the hole in the ozone layer, considering the hairspray that must have been required for that enormous hair. I can only conclude that it is, indeed, full of secrets. (The hair of new heights is the work of hairstylist Sam McKnight, who created the impressive wigs for the shoot, while the full short film was shot by Mert and Marcus.)Apparently, doing up the buttons on your shirt is officially out: Outlaw Kendall styles dark blue skinny jeans with a bright red leather jacket, while Bella goes lighter with a cream-colored floral shirt, khaki pants, and a new blonde look à la Gigi.The whole vibe ties in nicely with the fall/winter 2018 designs DSquared2 showcased at Fashion Week, which included western tops with embroidered yoke details, skintight jeans and cowboy boot-inspired sandals. Yep. That's a thing.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			That $23 top? I'll take TWO.I like to hoard items in my online checkout cart, look at the total (oh, $879?), and then immediately close my window. Seeing the cringe-inducing actual number is my way of combating an otherwise frighteningly long credit card bill. (This works most of the time.) My wardrobe, however, could stand to use a few more seasonal pieces and my need to buy something, anything has returned like a pesky itch. In an effort to find the middle ground between my online shopping addiction and a third-party collections agency,  I’m keeping the price range for any clothes to under $100. If you, too, are in need of a budget-friendly wardrobe refresh, shop along with me. (The Zara striped tunic dress, below, is already in my shopping bag.)You're in need of a new summer dress, you say? Direct your attention to this perfectly crafted striped dress from Zara. The tunic style is easy to wear and will be your "something red" for Fourth of July. Arrive to your family's backyard BBQ in style.Zara, $70 SHOP IT I never say no to a second round of spicy jalapeño margs and this tee makes that explicitly known to the bartender. While it's suited for the weekends, I'll happily wear this shirt to the office Monday through Friday with a pleated black skirt and pumps. Sorry, boss?Ban.do, $44 SHOP ITDear environmentally-conscious shoppers, you'll want to quickly add these pants from H&M's sustainable collection to your checkout cart. Made of recycled fabric, the high-waisted twill style comes with a removable belt and tapered bottoms, so they move as you walk. Let that summer breeze hit your skin.H&M, $60 SHOP ITWhen you're in that Monday morning rush, you don't have time to second guess your outfit choices. This cute jumpsuit (paired with colorful mules) is an easy solution for getting dressed quickly, so you make that train or bus.Leith, $79 SHOP ITSure, summer is all about bright colors, but you don't have to neglect your love of black just because temperatures hit 90 degrees. This Topshop piece comes in a dark hue but still seems sunny, thanks to the tiny colorful florals. Wear with sneakers and a white silk tank.Topshop, $68 SHOP ITThis striped top can be styled in every way imaginable. I would wear it with white culotte pants and neutral block heel sandals one day, and blue jeans and sneakers the next. The outfit options are endless, saving you from any future impulse buys.Storee, $49 SHOP ITI've never met a fruit print I didn't like.  And this lemon motif jumpsuit with its vibrant summertime colors is one of my favorites. Every time I look at it, I find myself daydreaming about another trip to the Amalfi Coast. And this time around, I'm bringing the jumpsuit with me.Socialite, $65 SHOP ITIt's difficult to find stylish yet office-appropriate tops, but Babaton's "Aiken" blouse solves that problem. The matte satin material drapes beautifully and goes well with trousers, pencil skirts, and even blazers. I'll take this 9-to-5 top in all three colors, please.Babaton, $88 SHOP IT Daisy dukes may not be part of your "adult" wardrobe, but that doesn't mean you have to completely give up denim shorts. Look for high-waisted styles with longer hemlines, so your tush stays covered, but your legs can still see the sunlight.Treasure & Bond, $69 SHOP ITYou can dress up this gingham ruffle skirt with heels or dress it down with sneakers—the styling hacks are limitless. The cool sweeping design is a smidge dramatic, so it adds that fashion kick to your everyday wardrobe.Chelsea28, $47 SHOP ITSwap your basic black bikini for this colorful one-piece swimsuit. The multi-colored stripes are a treat for the eyes, so you'll stand out in style at the pool or beach.  Don't be wary if strangers come up to you to dole out compliments. & Other Stories, $55 SHOP ITWhen someone in the office cranks up the AC, drape this floral kimono over your shoulders. The print will brighten up any meeting you walk into.Evans, $69 SHOP ITThis off-the-shoulder dress is for the ladies who like a little country charm. The flounced ruffle hem and gingham print will pair nicely with these white cowboy-inspired boots from Ganni. Now, someone book me a flight to Austin, Texas.Treasure & Bond, $89 SHOP ITOn the weekends, your top can be a little more flirty and less conservative. While this eyelet embroidered shirt might raise a few eyebrows in the office, come Saturday, your shoulder is ready to be shown off. Style the feminine and sexy look with jeans or a maxi skirt.H&M, $35 SHOP ITPinstripe details are classic, but add in a ruched design and the piece becomes trendy. This dynamic top will add flavor to your workday outfits, so prepare to command that board room in style.Lydelle, $23 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Hello, I'd like to place an order, please.I admit it: I loved Meghan Markle's reception dress ten times more than her wedding gown. And I was already thinking how I could buy a similar dress IRL. I don't even have to search high and low for a similar design now, because Stella McCartney announced she will be selling dresses identical to the one The Duchess of Sussex wore on May 19. (If you recall, Meghan's second wedding look was a beautiful floor-sweeping halter-neck dress.)The collection, called The Made with Love, will only have 46 gowns (23 in "lily white" and 23 in "onyx black,") available to shop and all are made from sustainable viscose. The price for just one dress? £3,500 or about $4,657. In order to even see these dresses in person, via a private appointment, you'll have to email 23oldbond.store@stellamccartney.com, and the designer herself will respond. The gowns will be housed at McCartney's new flagship store in London starting June 13.I suggest you start crafting that email right now. But, if you can't get your hands on one of these 46 dresses, there's always replicas of Meghan's wedding gown to shop.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The reactions are...mixed.In the wake of the #MeToo movement, two women are making a statement with their politically and socially-charged fashion line, Denimcratic. Gabriella Meyer and Marta Goldschmied launched their We Wear the Pants collection, a limited-edition line that features two denim pieces and one T-shirt, in the hopes of sparking a dialogue about sexual harassment. On the skinny jeans and denim jacket, the ladies laser-etched an estimated 30 news reports on stories of sexual harassment in the workplace. The articles were printed by newspapers such as The New York Times, The Los Angeles Times, and The Boston Globe. The buttons on the pieces have the phrase, "We wear the pants," while the T-shirt simple features a photo of a woman unbuttoning her jeans and the words "Want: Women who wear the pants." (The photo was taken by Meyer herself).  THE STATEMENT JEAN — ONLINE NOW #WEWEARTHEPANTS  10% of each sale goes towards @timesupnow #metoo  #missgoldschmied #iskodenim #metalbottoni #tonello #chapter2agencyA post shared by  DENIMCRATIC | Gabriella Meyer (@denimcratic) on Jun 13, 2018 at 7:16am PDTFor Meyer, these three pieces are the fruits of her labor since launching Denimcratic in college. For Goldschmied, it was her way of taking back ownership of her own sexual harassment experience. (She was reportedly harassed by Gary Brifil, who's the majority owner of Made Gold—a company Goldschmied herself helped to start.) The two women met by chance in 2017 and their partnership has cumulated into these three political pieces.Though they have a message to share with the world, not everyone on Twitter was receptive to the creations. One user pointed out the limited sizing options (jeans only go up to a size 10), another touched on the price point ($375 for a denim jacket?), and some took offense to having the actual stories from victims printed on clothes, which are then being sold for a profit. (Though, in Meyer and Goldschmieds defense, 10 percent of all sales will go to the National Women’s Law Center.)i guess my problem with the limited sizing range is that it doesn't feel small-d denimcratic enough, you know?Regardless of the side you take, Meyer and Goldschmieds are only a part of a larger puzzle when it comes to how fashion approaches the discussion of social issues of our time. Past brands like Topshop have sparked controversy with its "Fake News" jeans and designers such as Alexander Wang and Missoni (remember the pink pussy hats?) both have made political statements on the runway. And, no doubt, there will be many more designers and artists with messages to make in 2018.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's from the same designer who made her wedding gown!Only a month after becoming the Duchess of Sussex, Meghan Markle has already transitioned smoothly into her new royal life and she gets plenty of face time with the Queen. After celebrating Queen Elizabeth's birthday at Trooping the Colour last weekend, Meghan arrived to Cheshire today with the Queen to open the Mersey Gateway Bridge and Storyhouse theatre in Chester about a half hour away. For the special occasion, the Queen wore a vibrant lime-green suit while Meghan stunned in in a bespoke pink Givenchy dress with a high neckline and accessorized with a black Givenchy belt and clutch. (Clare Waight Keller of Givenchy designed Meghan's gorgeous wedding gown, which she wore a few short weeks ago.) The Duchess of Sussex completed the look with a pair of tiny pearl earrings that belonged to the Queen. This event marked Meghan's first solo outing as she takes on more duties within the royal family. She usually accompanies Prince Harry on public engagements, but he sat this one out. Perhaps it was for the best, since his grandmother didn't invite him to take the royal train. The Duchess of Sussex arrives in Cheshire, where she is accompanying Her Majesty The Queen for a day of engagements today #RoyalVisitCheshire pic.twitter.com/tHXPeN3nL5Yup, Meghan was the first one in the group (sorry, Kate and William!) to ride the royal train, which is usually reserved for use by the Queen, Prince Phillip, Prince Charles and Camilla, and their guests. Her smart outfit also clearly reflected the fact she can handle her royal duties alone (she did walk down the aisle by herself!) because she is the best. Shop some of Meghan's exact pieces, below:Givenchy, $1,190 SHOP ITGivenchy, $450 SHOP ITSarah Flint, $355 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Pretty in pink.If you’re still reeling from the Jenna Dewan and Channing Tatum split (I know I am), rest assured: she is doing fine. (There's still "love" and "support"  between the two apparently, if that soothes your soul.) The actress has dived into her career full force, working on the second season of World of Dance and doing voiceovers for shows like Blaze and the Monster Machines. In between these activities, on Tuesday, Dewan was spotted living life, a.k.a. running errands. For the daytime activities, she dressed down in a pale blush summer dress and gray crisscross strap slides. In the spirit of finding affordable summer pieces, I tracked down her exact dress to Australian online retailer Hello Molly. As of writing this, the $67 cotton number, is still available to shop, though I have a feeling it'll quickly sell out after fans spot it on Dewan. Be right back, making my purchase in 3, 2, 1. . .Hello Molly, $67 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It was designed to reflect her "joy."Meghan Markle's bridal looks will forever be part of history. If you need a quick refresh: She first walked down the aisle in a Givenchy wedding gown, then followed up with a Stella McCartney halter-neck dress for the reception. While Meghan herself hasn't publicly commented on either of her outfits, McCartney, who designed the second dress, recently spoke to BBC about the creation process.In the interview, the designer revealed she and Meghan "worked" together on designing the gown. "You know, it was very much her dress and I felt very proud that she came to me for that part of the wedding and that she got to reflect her in it," McCartney said. The sleeveless number was clean, modern, and sophisticated—qualities that Meghan always channels with her clothes.The designer also went on to say the dress served as a place for Meghan to reflect on her journey to becoming a royal (she's now known as the Duchess of Sussex). "I think it was the last moment she could reflect sort of the other side to her and you know, the joy and the human within in," she said. On May 19, Meghan walked out in the stunning ensemble and sweetly marked the special moment with a tribute to Princess Diana by wearing her aquamarine ring.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Don't give up on this style just yet.You’ll find me in black high-waisted skinny jeans year-round—they're my denim crutch. But lately, I’ve been eyeing that pair of lightly-washed fringe bottoms in my closet. I bought the jeans last year, when I told myself I’d give the trendy style a try, only to continually reach for the same three pairs I've had forever. Fast forward to now and the fringe piece is silently judging me for having not worn it. I almost donated the pair to Beacon's Closet (where it can join my clothes from yesteryear) when a little voice inside me said "stop." I realized it's not that I dislike the jeans, I just need inspiration for how to wear them. Via some street style research, I've found five different ways to style fringe jeans—all of which I'm planning to re-create asap. I challenge you to do the same with yours.What’s an easy way to feel comfortable in any (slightly) out-there style, you ask? Wear all black. I know the weather is warm, so reach for a sheer bodysuit with a bralette underneath for coverage. This look is sexy without showing too much skin, though you can always throw on a navy blazer—the color is almost as versatile as black. Finish with a pair of smart-looking mule pumps for an outfit that says, “I’ve got this trend on lock.”Shop similar pieces: 1. J.Crew navy blazer, $198; 2. Boohoo black bodysuit, $16; 3. Balmain fringe jeans, $1,044; 4. Madewell bralette, $32; 5. Vince Camuto mules, $80One of the most popular hem styles for fringe jeans is the kick-flare. To balance out all the fuss happening in your lower half, wear a breezy floral blouse in a bright color on top. A pair of heeled sandals helps you stand tall and confident in your trendy look. Now where's that street-style photog? Shop similar pieces: 1. Joie blouse, $278; 2. Citizens of Humanity flared jeans, $195; 3. Urban Outfitters mules, $59The trick to keeping a fringe-jean look from swerving into too trendy territory is to wear the bottoms with classic pieces, like a timeless trench coat and a pair of white Stan Smith kicks. Then, throw on a graphic tee (I own so many, it’s almost a no-brainer to pair one with fringe jeans). When you step back to examine your look from head to toe, you’ll see how all the items complement one another.Shop similar pieces: 1. H&M trench coat, $99; 2. Prada printed T-shirt, $264; 3. Jovonna jeans, $106; 4. Adidas originals Stan Smith sneakers, $56The top you pair with fringe jeans can be equally unique or as plain as a simple white tee, depending on how funky you want to go. I love the idea of a high-neck collar shirt, especially one decked out in florals for all those summertime vibes. Swap out your black booties—they’re more appropriate for winter—for a pair of white ones. Then, get your BFF to take a pic of you because this outfit deserves some Instagram likes.Shop similar pieces: 1. Loveshackfancy top, $255; 2. SJYP jeans, $392; 3. Dolce Vita boots, $170You can wear your fringe jeans anywhere, anytime. Chiara Ferragni wore her's to Fashion Week, but I'll wear this bomber jacket and denim combo to an outdoor concert or sporting event. It's athletic, yet still speaks to my fashion girl soul, thanks to the on-trend Golden Goose sneakers and Kenzo outerwear. Now, where's my hotdog and coke? Shop similar pieces: 1. Kenzo jacket, $312; 2. 3x1 jeans, $295; 3. Golden Goose sneakers, $256		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Lots to unpack here.On Tuesday night, Kanye West tweeted out a series of 34 photos from the latest Yeezy ad campaign, shot by frequent Kardashian-West collaborator Eli Linnetz (there are more snaps on Linnetz's Instagram) and ostensibly promoting the Yeezy 500 Super Moon Yellow sneaker.And there are definitely sneakers in many of the photos! (Scroll to the bottom of this post to see an even wider selection of them.) But let’s be honest: That’s not why we’re looking at this campaign. Hey, is that a Kim doppelganger?Even though it’s pedantic to start sentences with the phrase “as a feminist,” as a feminist, I have a lot of feelings about these ads. Should I be offended by them? Should I celebrate them? I have no idea! Why is the burden of feminist thought on feminists?!  So, in rapid succession, here are all the thoughts I had. I present them in this format partially because I'm confused and partially because I want to cushion myself from Internet blowback by not picking just one takeaway.1. This campaign is really diverse! Lots of colors, sizes, ages, and looks represented. And, honestly, I don’t hate those sneakers (though I probably wouldn’t pay $250 for them either, but that's just me).2. And it doesn't escape me that only women are naked in these pics, which feels a little exploitative. And seriously, what’s up with the Kim Kardashian doppelganger? It sort of reminds me of the “Famous” video that featured a naked Taylor Swift ringer. I mean, obviously this is different because Kim is married to Kanye and could therefore give her consent. 3. OK, but how is that full-frontal nude shot promoting sneakers? Like, I get that fashion campaigns are artistic expressions and fine art has long been the exception given when claims of objectification are volleyed at an artist’s work. But there’s a lot to be said about the fact that the history of art actually is super sexist. We can’t change that history, but artists can try to move forward responsibly without trying to make claims that, because their male gaze-y vision actually fits into a long history of similar work, it’s somehow off the hook. Right? 4. Then again, one of the big reasons that depictions of naked women are considered controversial is because of a patriarchal history that’s cultivated fear and revulsion toward the nude female form, so IDK! Maybe we’re supposed to embrace it more to make up for lost time?5. But also, Eli Linnetz and Kanye West are both cis men, so their “celebration” of the female nude could just be objectification by any other name. Like, wouldn't the best way to make up for that sexist history be to amplify the work of female artists who celebrate those forms? 6. And furthermore, it sort of seems like Kanye West sometimes confuses contradiction with nuance, like how in 2005 he bravely spoke truth to power when he said that “George Bush doesn’t care about black people” at a Hurricane Katrina benefit, but is now buddy-buddy with Donald Trump, a president who courts support from KKK members. Maybe some opinions are just bad! 7. What were we talking about again? Oh yeah, sneakers.You know what? Never mind. I need a palate cleanser, ideally in the form of Kim Kardashian’s future campaign ads for Space President.Ah, that’s better. See more Yeezy photos below.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The actress grabbed dinner with Nick Jonas.Priyanka Chopra and Nick Jonas are continuing their whirlwind romance in New York City. On Tuesday, the pair snuck out the backdoor after grabbing dinner at the Park Avenue Summer restaurant. For the rendezvous, Priyanka wore a silky blue ruffle slip dress and black strappy heels. The actress draped a white blazer over her shoulders (one of her go-to ways to wear it) and matched her outerwear with a white chain-link handbag from Bottega Veneta.The actress, who is reportedly dating Nick, was last spotted at his cousin's wedding. (If you bring someone to a family gathering, the relationship is definitely official, yes?) While neither has publicly commented on this newfound love, they have dropped hints for their fans with Instagram comments and photos. All I know for sure is Priyanka's serving up some seriously beautiful date-night outfit ideas. Shop similar dresses if you love her look:Iris & Ink, $300 SHOP ITHelmut Lang, $234 SHOP ITRacil, $336 SHOP ITTheory, $395 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			There's a naked Kim K lookalike.It's only June, but it's already been quite the year for Kanye West. The self-proclaimed "genius" has welcomed a new baby, released a major album, expressed (controversial) vocal support of President Trump, and, as of today, spearheaded one of the most daring fashion campaigns in recent memory. The new Yeezy campaign photos for the  Yeezy 500 Supermoon Yellow sneakers are bold, brazen, and very, very NSFW.On Tuesday evening, Kanye and director Eli Linnetz released a series of promotional photos for the new Yeezys on social media. The photographs show a variety of women and men in Yeezy apparel—many of them barely clothed, but all of them wearing the brand-new sneakers.There's a Kim lookalike:A Kourtney lookalike:A Kylie Jenner circa 2015 lookalike:Some people wearing literally nothing but their new Yeezys:Some more Kim lookalikes:Some kids:And a family:There's no Trump lookalike. (Yet.)		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I saw Meghan Markle wearing a Baublebar ring, so I bought a Baublebar ring. Baublebar, affordable jewelry retailer once spotted on Meghan Markle, is currently having its first-ever sale on its everyday fine jewelry collection. This means 30 percent off select 18k gold-plated and sterling silver necklaces, earrings, and rings along with diamond pieces from the Adina Reyter collection until Thursday, June 14. Make gold jewelry your new thing, and shop the best of the sale below.Baublebar, $52 $36SHOP ITBaublebar, $58 $40SHOP ITBaublebar, $58 $40SHOP ITBaublebar, $72 $50SHOP ITAdina Reyter, $298 $208SHOP ITBaublebar, $58 $40SHOP ITAdina Reyter, $375 $262SHOP ITBaublebar, $72 $50SHOP ITBaublebar, $52 $36SHOP ITBaublebar, $78 $54SHOP ITBaublebar, $58 $40SHOP ITBaublebar, $68 $46SHOP ITBaublebar, $62 $42SHOP ITBaublebar, $68 $44SHOP ITBaublebar, $62 $42SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Time to replenish your bikini brief stash.Aside from that tattered—but beloved—college tee you sleep in every night, the second most-worn item(s) in your dresser is underwear. Unless you prefer to go commando, which, you do you, you probably have a panty collection that ranges from, "it's that time of the month" grey briefs to "it's our anniversary" lingerie. You need different underpinning styles depending on the occasion or outfit, right? Right. Like with most everyday pieces in your wardrobe, your thong and brief stash needs to be replenished frequently (every six months to a year, to be precise). Now that you have an excuse to stock up, check out 2018's best styles, from the flirty to the plain and the luxe to the affordable. The options ahead are the crème de la crème of undergarments, organized by use case, so you can find exactly what you need.This Eberjay cheeky bikini bottom transmits flirtatious vibes with its sheer, stretch lace and feminine petal details. But the pair isn't so OTT that you won't feel like you—because confidence is sexiest. For the complete look, get the matching Eberjay bra. Eberjay, $68 SHOP ITGive the thong a rest overnight and slip on a pair of comfy cotton boy shorts—perfect for ladies who aren’t fans of g-strings and all-lace garments. Aerie’s option provides full coverage, so you can forgo pajama pants when it's sweltering outside.Aerie, $9 SHOP ITFor nights when you simply want to lounge on the couch and watch four episodes of  Westworld, don’t overthink your underwear choice. Go for comfort first with a pair of Commando’s seam-free panties. The no-fuss, minimalist design is available in three different colors. Commando, $85SHOP ITTechnically, you can wear any type of underwear with jeans, but I like to choose fun, embroidered options. Life’s a little more exciting when you’re wearing colorful underwear, right? I reach for this Agent Provocateur pair with pops of neon yellow when I'm feeling cheeky. Agent Provocateur, $105SHOP ITLIVELY’s geo lace bikini is my favorite kind of underwear to work out in. I call it my "invisible panty:" Thanks to the ultra-sheer material, I can go into downward dog pose without worrying about VPL.LIVELY, $10 SHOP ITI sent out an SOS text to my friends asking which underwear they work out in and received several recommendations on Uniqlo's seamless briefs. The undergarment is made from "AIRism fabric" (comfort ✔️), and has both dry and cool-touch technology (no trapped butt sweat ✔️).Uniqlo, $8 SHOP ITVictoria's Secret’s no-show thong panty is seamless and elastic-free, so you'll feel like you're going commando. Thanks to the super-smooth shape, your worries about camel toe in those leggings will be non-existent.Victoria's Secret, $10SHOP ITImportant note about Under Armour's "UA Peer Stretch Hipster:" It's constructed with four-way stretch, so it moves in every direction. The fabric even includes technology to prevent the growth of odor-causing microbes—a must since you're going to sweat while running.Under Armour, $12SHOP ITBodycon dresses notoriously reveal the outlines of your undergarments. The solution? Go with a barely-there thong. Look for underwear made with thin lace or opt for seamless styles, so they lay flat against your skin and won’t result in those dreaded ripples underneath your dress. Fleur du Mal, $38SHOP ITThe tricky part of wearing a paper-thin dress is finding underwear that doesn’t expose everything. Look for briefs or boy shorts, which provide optimal butt-cheek coverage, in a skin-like shade.  Baserange’s high-waisted underwear ticks these boxes, plus is made with sustainable fabric. Baserange, $95 SHOP ITIt seems counterintuitive, but white underwear isn’t the most suitable choice for white clothing. It’s too opaque. Instead, go with a nude option that blends in with your skin tone. These lace bikini briefs are made from soft, stretch-jersey that glues perfectly to your skin so you can wear all the LWDs you want this summer.La Perla, $95SHOP ITIt's Murphy's law: Every time you wear your favorite mini dress, a gust of wind appears out of nowhere to blow your skirt up. To avoid flashing your bare cheeks to the world, pick undergarments that resemble shorts. Calvin Klein’s body boy short reveals nothing and looks sporty, not matronly.Calvin Klein, $22SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			He's her "surprise stylist."We all know Meghan Markle's stylist is her BFF Jessica Mulroney (her children were even bridesmaids and pageboys at Meghan's wedding). But, there might be an even more influential player in who shapes Meghan's style and his name is—wait for it—Prince Harry.According to The Daily Mail, the Duke of Sussex has been giving advice to his wife about her royal engagement outfits and "Meghan is always asking Harry's opinion." The unnamed source reports that Prince Harry "gives his views on what he thinks looks best, rather than helping her follow royal protocol on hemlines or anything like that. The joke is that Harry is Meghan's surprise stylist."This idea isn't too far-fetched, given that Prince Harry is more than familiar with the royal dress protocols and he, personally, has stepped up his own fashion game. He reportedly hired Kate Middleton's stylist Natasha Archer to overhaul his wardrobe a few years ago, so you know Prince Harry has some tips and tricks up his sleeves. The Daily Mail is even claiming "Stella McCartney is working on a few more outfits for Meghan," and that "Prince Harry attends the design meetings and fittings to give his opinions on the looks." If that's true, we'll wait for these said creations to debut. And in the meantime, I'm looking back on some outfits Prince Harry might have had a role in picking and the thoughts he had once he saw Meghan in them.“These photographers are going mad for your ring!""A fascinator looks good on you, dear.""Your outfit looks beautiful in the sunlight.""Do you think the press will notice us twinning in navy?""Pink is definitely your color."		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You know you want some tiny frames.The leading cause of sunglasses loss in the United States is leaving them on a brunch table after you've vignetted the heck out of them. Does it suck? Yes. Does it suck even more if they were Céline and your traitorous butt sat on them? Yes. Because going without sunglasses in the summer is not an option (squinting can lead to crow's feet!), we've rounded up 14 inexpensive-yet-stylish frames you can afford to misplace.Most sunglasses trends come and go, but the cat-eye style will always be a classic. This season, the frames are smaller and better than ever.Zara, $26 SHOP ITNope, that's not the sky reflected in these shades. The lenses are that blue, and with the contrasting marble print, this pair reminds me of Greece. Time for vacation, guys?Quay, $55 SHOP ITHesitant to try red or pink specs? Ease into colored frames with a pair of navy sunglasses. It's more striking than black, yet still versatile enough to match any outfit.Toms, $68 SHOP ITIf you keep up with the Kardashians, you know that Khloé's signature sunglass style is ski goggle–inspired. Oversize shades > than tiny frames? With this pair, yes.Topshop, $38 SHOP ITThis pair of rimless sunglasses is the definition of trendy. And even though the lenses are colored, it's a cool tone, so you don't have to worry about clashing.Kendall & Kylie, $68 SHOP ITThere's a reason why everyone likes to shield their eyes in public (aside from sun protection): You can people watch in peace. This pair of oversize frames is perfect for the job.Forever 21, $6 SHOP ITThis pair of sunglasses is an Instagram moment waiting to happen, with your friends clamoring to comment "Where are those from!?" as soon as you hit the post button. Wear with a neutral-colored swimsuit to make the print pop.Free People, $20 SHOP ITOval sunglasses are having a moment. Though the funky specs might scare you, you can test drive the style without wallet regret thanks to this pair's low price. Prepare to say bye to aviators forever.Le Specs, $59 SHOP ITFor sunglasses that are not of the ordinary variety, may we present this unique style. The design gives the illusion that your shades were cut in half, which is a cool effect you must document with an Instagram selfie.Boohoo, $16 SHOP ITThese yellow-tinted frames are embellished with starfish for that playful charm. Every time you put them on, they'll remind you to finally book that island vacation you've been putting off.& Other Stories, $39 SHOP ITWhen you want a pair of no-fuss sunglasses, go with dark lenses and tortoise shell frames. They're guaranteed to look good with every outfit you own.Komono, $70 SHOP ITThese Jeepers Peepers lightweight aviators come with super-slim arms for that sleek look. The brand has a cult following, so scoop up a pair before they're completely sold out.Asos, $38 SHOP ITLet people see your eyes with these cotton-candy shades. They won't fully shield your gaze, so when you're glaring at that guy who's manspreading on the train, he'll (hopefully) get the hint and close his legs.Glance Eyewear, $14 SHOP ITI love the marble design on this pair of dramatic cat-eye frames. The neutral hue makes it easy for dressing up or down. I prefer the latter, so I'll wear the sunglasses with jeans and a white tee for that everyday stylish look.Zac Zac Posen, $95SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She's feelin' her sexy swimsuit.Summer is the time to break out your favorite swimsuits for the 'gram, and Kourtney Kardashian is already on it. The reality star shared a quick snap of herself lounging on a couch under a tree and captioned it, "you can find me here." Though Kourtney didn't specify where exactly "here" was, we can assume she was hanging out in the backyard of someone's house (perhaps her own?).The main focus of the photo, however, was her swimsuit. Kourtney took advantage of the day's beautiful weather by slipping into a brown bikini—the $45 two piece was from Naked Wardrobe. The swimsuit top featured a knotted front design while the bottoms were designed with a high-waisted fit. She shielded her eyes with a pair of sunglasses and looked away from the camera for that oh-so-candid pose. If you want to channel the same summer vibes, I suggest first getting Kourtney's exact bikini, below. Then, practice posing for Instagram.Naked Wardrobe, $45 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Wear it to a polo match, or for a picnic in the park.Blue is Kate Middleton’s choice of color for the summer. After stunning in an Alexander McQueen ensemble for Trooping the Colour on Saturday, Kate changed into a more low-key ensemble for Prince William’s polo match on Sunday. For the Maserati Royal Charity Polo Trophy, the Duchess of Cambridge wore a striped blue dress with a pair of Russell & Bromley ankle-strap espadrille wedges. Kate's casual dress came from one of her favorite affordable retailers: Zara. The sleeveless style featured an off-the-shoulder fit, a ruched front, and a built-in wrap belt—cute, tiny details that didn't go unnoticed. Of course, if you want the dress, the piece is currently sold out on the website (call it the Kate effect), but as with some of the brand's items, there's always the chance it'll be back in stock. (I suggest you bookmark the page, STAT.)The Duchess of Cambridge could not have chosen a more appropriate look for the day's activities as she sat on the grass and played with her children. At one point, Kate even made a run for it in her wedge sandals—proving they're the comfiest shoe one can wear for summer. She topped her look with a white Victoria Beckham tote bag. Kate's exact dress:Zara, $70 SHOP ITShop similar options:Veronica Beard, $450 SHOP ITFree People, $98 SHOP ITH&M, $60 SHOP ITJ.Crew $79 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			When Beyoncé and Jay Z kicked of their On the Run Tour II on Wednesday in Cardiff, England, fans were treated to footage of the famous couple dressed in white and surrounded by their children, Blue Ivy, 6, and twins Rumi and Sir, 11 months. The video, which included the words "This is real love," definitely looked like a vow renewal. Now, we have some proof that what fans saw in the video was indeed a vow renewal. According to People, designer Galia Lahav confirmed in a press release that Beyoncé was wearing the couture label’s "Thelma" style wedding dress for a—direct quote here—"vow renewal." The dress is from the designer's "Victorian Affinity" collection, inspired by Queen Victoria’s wedding dress. The off-the-shoulder dress featured Swarovski crystals and pearls embellishments. While we'll have to wait longer (or maybe forever) to see a full-length picture of Bey in the gown, this video shows the dress from every angle: From: ELLE US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Is it a nod to baby Louis?Kate Middleton has had her fair share of balcony moments as a royal (that's where she and Prince William had their wedding kiss!), so she knew exactly how to dress for Trooping the Colour. On Saturday, she joined the rest of the royal family to celebrate the Queen's birthday, wearing an Alexander McQueen dress with gorgeous shoulder details and a flowery matching hat. Both the hat and the dress were a shade of light blue—perhaps a nod to her new baby boy, Louis, who didn't make an appearance this morning with his parents.She sat next to the Duchess of Cornwall on her way to Buckingham Palace while Prince William and his father Prince Charles "rode on horseback and not in carriages because they are both royal colonels of the Household Division," People reports.She was all smiles alongside newlywed Duchess of Sussex Meghan Markle, who wore bespoke pink Carolina Herrera. Though the two differ in personal styles, they both looked beautiful for the Queen's special celebration.Kate's attended several Trooping the Colour events since 2011. Last year, she wore a bright pink Alexander McQueen dress with a matching Jane Taylor hat (and she matched with her daughter, Princess Charlotte). Here's her look in 2017:Today's celebration marks Kate's first public appearance since Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's wedding. She has been busy taking care of her newborn, Prince Louis. Ahead, see her outfit from every angle.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			And have we seen that hat before?Meghan Markle joined the royal family on Saturday to celebrate Queen Elizabeth’s birthday at Trooping the Colour. The Duchess of Sussex marked her first balcony appearance in a stunning off-the-shoulder peach Carolina Herrera dress. She topped off her look (literally) with a Philip Treacy hat that looks a lot like the one she chose for her first garden party a few weeks ago:They don't appear to be exactly the same hat, but they're quite similar—at the very least, it's evidence that Meghan has her hat style down:The whole ensemble is just really, really pretty:Though the Queen's real birthday was on April 21, a birthday parade is held in her honor every year in June. (The tradition has been around for more than 260 years!) Prior to today's event, Meghan's most recent public appearance was at the Prince of Wales' 70th Birthday Patronage celebration. She is expected to embark on her first solo journey with the Queen on June 14. They will be taking the royal train together for a visit to Cheshire (fancy!).Ahead, see Meghan's Trooping the Colour outfit from every angle.[image id='5f694733-0d88-4474-9f4f-3dca3c2666a5' mediaId='163ea40e-c8b5-45e8-abef-6a27190c26e2' align='center' size='medium' share='true' caption='' expand='' crop='original'][/image][image id='d5d06f60-749e-48b4-b616-56f0ce54fac0' mediaId='7ffa6be7-42b0-4610-adc3-8cd94534dc38' align='center' size='medium' share='true' caption='' expand='' crop='original'][/image][image id='75e841a9-9b30-4ae7-9fa4-d9cff77d0dae' mediaId='53bcf53a-e649-4a06-8a97-d2e98aeb61da' align='center' size='medium' share='true' caption='' expand='' crop='original'][/image][image id='764003f5-3ea1-4c5a-bb44-4012d83078cd' mediaId='0793f500-b541-4e00-85d7-f8ed1479e3f8' align='center' size='medium' share='true' caption='' expand='' crop='original'][/image][editoriallinks id='04fbafab-1ef2-4863-81a7-2a0d94bb4863'][/editoriallinks]		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Careful whilst slapping the ketchup bottle.If your idea of "color" is heather gray, why not just throw in the towel? Really. White—technically the absence of color—is nearly as low-maintenance as black, with the advantage of being particularly striking in the summer (or on the deck of Sean Combs' yacht). Giving up never looked as good as these 12 monochromatic looks from your favorite fashion girls, ahead. There are even style tips to help you master the all-blanc ensemble. Until Labor Day...The LWD (little white dress) is a summer staple, so take a cue from Kendall and invest in one that can be worn to polo matches or lunch with your grandma. Instead of wearing sandals or heels, keep it from veering into overly girly territory with a sleek sock boot.The thought of wearing my early-aughts capris makes me cringe...but then I saw Kim's outfit. When the bottoms are reworked with a fitted tank and oversize jacket, worn off the shoulders, of course, they take on a new life. I approve.Is it cheating if your "all-white outfit," is simply a dress? I won't tell, if you won't. Selena amped up this look with matching accessories like a cool studded belt and miniature clutch. Bookmark for when you're styling your own maxi dress.There's a reason the white T-shirt is a wardrobe staple. It can be styled with virtually any piece in your closet, including that eyelet skirt you forgot about. Pair with neutral brown heels à la Olivia. Très chic.Tap into your sporty side with a white bralette and athleisure sweats. Instead of covering up with a hoodie or sweater, when temperatures soar, pull a Bella and wear a loose, white button-down.Transitional weather makes for tricky dressing, but not if you follow Lily's fashion lead. A cream-colored sweater pairs seamlessly with silky white pants. Top off your look with neutral accessories.Kristen provided everyone with the easiest all-white summer outfit idea: a crop tee, midi skirt, and heels. If this look is good enough for the Cannes Film Festival, it's good enough for brunch.Winter whites don't all have to be all Olivia Pope furs and cashmere—the color palate looks just as sophisticated in Gigi's more casual getup, down (up?) to the dad cap.For ladies who think that wearing all-white to a fancy event is like walking into a fashion land mine (wine spills! lipstick stains!), may I present Karlie's Brandon Maxwell ensemble. This type of glamorous evening gown is worth sticking to champagne all night long.Texture is key when figuring out how to cohesively layer your white pieces. A furry coat that doesn't come in the exact shade of the rest of your items will keep the outfit from looking monotonous.Everyone's familiar with the blue denim-on-denim look, so take the traditional and twist it, opting instead for white denim pieces. Try an oversize shirt and cuffed pants with velcro-strapped sneakers. Nineties nostalgia dressing at its finest.To complement your all-white outfit, choose brown or taupe accessories, such as fedora or boots. These pieces add style without distracting the eyes from your crisp ensemble.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I know what I'm doing this weekend.If you missed your chance to shop the sales over Memorial Day Weekend, don't despair. For a limited time, The Outnet is offering a 40 percent off sale on top of its already discounted items. (Cue our best Oprah voice: You get 40 percent off! You get 40 percent off!) The online retailer's sweet deal runs from Friday, June 8 to Monday, June 11. Items are selling out fast, so get your hands on the 13 still-available items, below.Ganni, $380 $171Plus an additional 40 percent off.SHOP ITI'm trading in my beige trench for this floral print design so I can stand out from the crowd.Atp Atelier, $335 $150Plus an additional 40 percent off.SHOP ITThe comfortable buckle-strap shoe that will match every outfit you wear this summer.W118 by Walter Baker, $150 $75Plus an additional 40 percent off.SHOP ITDress up your favorite pair of jeans with this gingham print top.Cinq à Sept, $595 $268Plus an additional 40 percent off.SHOP ITShove all your white summer dresses to the side because this two-toned floral slip will be your closet's new BFF.J Brand, $228 $100 Plus an additional 40 percent off.SHOP ITHR might not let you wear denim mini skirts in the office, so this lengthier option will help you bypass the dress code.Rochas, $885 $398Plus an additional 40 percent off.SHOP ITDon't mistake this dress for a boring ol' pink number, the back dips low with a bow detail.Muubaa, $650 $325Plus an additional 40 percent off.SHOP ITStill searching for the perfect leather jacket? Might I recommend this quality option. It has a detachable belt and faux-shearling lining complete with zipper details.Michael Michael Kors, $125 $62Plus an additional 40 percent off.SHOP ITThanks to the tie-front detail, this isn't your average denim shirt.Marie Black, $140 $68Plus an additional 40 percent off.SHOP ITI love to stack my rings. This piece provides a unique design to the more traditional gold band.Marc Jacobs, $1,800 $540Plus an additional 40 percent off.SHOP ITBreakfast is my favorite meal of the day, so this whimsical rainbow toast pullover is already in my shopping bag.Proenza Schouler, $995 $398Plus an additional 40 percent off.SHOP ITThis multi-knit skirt is perfect for formal work functions or on the weekends styled with a plain cropped shirt.MSGM, $1,605 $802Plus an additional 40 percent off.SHOP ITThe dress I'll be wearing to all my friend's bridal showers, birthdays, even vineyard weddings.Alexis, $660 $264Plus an additional 40 percent off.SHOP ITAll you'll need to wear with this striped ruffle pants is a white T-shirt.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Hair flip, because she looked beautiful.Bella Hadid is the face of Dior Makeup, and on Thursday, she attended a dinner celebrating the brand’s backstage makeup collection. For the special event, the model went high-glam in a sheer, halter-style dress. The black Dior ensemble had a wrapped tulle bodice and a completely sheer, layered skirt that showed off Bella's legs.The designer gown is similar to some of Bella's past naked dresses (remember this statement-making red tulle gown from the 2018 Cannes Film Festival?). The 21-year-old seemingly doesn't mind baring it all and, I mean, she looks great so more power to her. Bella completed her outfit with a red Dior handbag and matching pumps, as well as a very sparkly crystal cuff, and wore her hair down in long waves. We have a feeling The Weeknd—the two are rumored to be back together—would think she looks smashing.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Psst: You can still buy it.Zara might be Kate Middleton's go-to for affordable pieces, but her lil' sis seems to prefer J.Crew. On Thursday, Pippa Middleton stepped out in Knightsbridge, London and, staying true to her classic, feminine style, wore a J.Crew wrap mini dress. The breezy floral piece featured a ruffled hem and Pippa covered up with a navy blazer. Given that she's pregnant, the expectant mom opted for comfy shoes—a pair of white sneakers—to run her errands in. It seems like Pippa's found her stride in wearing the most stylish pregnancy outfits and luckily, her exact dress is still available to shop. To make it even more enticing to fans, the piece is on sale for $49 (um, steal?).The socialite announced her pregnancy back in April and since then, has attended numerous public engagements, from Meghan Markle's wedding to the French Open. And, she's done it all with style.Shop Pippa's exact dress:J.Crew, $49 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The Princess of Wales didn't just repeat outfits—she remade them completely. The Duchess of Cambridge may re-wear key pieces from her wardrobe from time to time, but her late mother-in-law Princess Diana completely deconstructed and redesigned several outfits to suit her changing style. Below, a few of the princess's best "recycled" looks.Diana wore this long-sleeved gown for the first time during an official visit to Lisbon, Portugal in 1987. She then remade the dress, removing the sleeves and re-crafting it with a heart-shaped strapless neckline to wear to a charity ball two years later in 1989.Clearly, Diana brought a few of her favorite looks with her to Lisbon in 1987. The photo on the left shows her on the official visit, and in the picture on the right, she's in Cannes just a few months later, wearing the same skirt, just styled a bit differently.Diana was even inventive with her jewelry. In May of 1986, she wore a headband made from jewels, which she had reset from the Saudi suite of sapphires. The gems reportedly came from a watch, and she wore the new look both around the head and as a choker necklace.Diana was a big fan of polka dots. On the left, she's seen with Princess Anne at an equestrian event in June of 1986, and on the right, she appears to be wearing an altered version of the same dress, sans-peplum, at a polo match just one year later.Diana wasn't afraid to break apart a two-piece set to make multiple outfits. On the left, she's seen in the full ensemble at the 1981 Wimbledon Tennis Championships. Several years later, in 1985, she wore just the skirt to a polo match in Cirencester.Two years after Princess Diana wore a striking floral gown to meet the president of Nigeria, she wore the same dress with a different skirt to a banquet in Seoul, South Korea.Sapphires were one of Diana's signature stones. On the left, the late Princess of Wales wore her striking sapphire brooch as a pin while at the Dutch royal family banquet at Hampton Court Palace in 1982. On the right is a portrait of Diana wearing the same brooch set into a pearl necklace in Vienna in 1986.On the left, Diana wears a Mondi white skirt with red polka dots with matching ankle socks at a polo match in Windsor in June, 1986. And on the right, she receives flowers from well-wishers during a visit in Melbourne, Australia in the same skirt!Members of the royal family are quite fond of their plaid, and Diana was no exception. The late princess favored this tartan suit by Caroline Charles. She wore it to the Braemar Highland Games in Scotland in 1981 and then changed up the neckline before she wore it again in 1985.Diana wore this notable pastel evening gown twice, once in Melbourne in 1983 (left) and again without the peplum and with shorter sleeves (right) in 1986.Diana wore this striking top once on the royal tour of Australia in 1983 (left) and again at a polo match (right) that same year.From: Town & Country US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The sultry $175 number is still shoppable.Leopard print is a classic. Just ask Kylie Jenner. The social media maven shared several snaps of herself on Instagram while wearing a cheetah print maxi dress, and captioned her first photo with one word: “Happiness.” Presumably, this references the last few months, which included the birth of her daughter Stormi Webster. Though it’s unclear where Kylie took these scenic photos (perhaps on a hill somewhere in Calabasas?), the young star wanted to show off every angle of her silhouette-hugging outfit. The close-up shot:A post shared by Kylie ♥️ (@kyliejenner) on Jun 6, 2018 at 7:26pm PDTThe black-and-white shot: i never post black and white photos..A post shared by  Kylie ♥️ (@kyliejenner) on Jun 6, 2018 at 11:29pm PDTThe full-body shot: happiness ✨A post shared by  Kylie ♥️ (@kyliejenner) on Jun 6, 2018 at 7:39pm PDTThe dress, which one might assume came from Fashion Nova — the Kardashians are known for repping the brand — is actually by Rat & Boa. The sultry piece, as well as similar options, is still available to shop, if you want to channel Kylie's style. Rat & Boa, $175 SHOP ITNasty Gal, $60 SHOP ITBoohoo, $24 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			They're already in my checkout bag.After launching its popular wrap dress and denim, Everlane’s releasing two new summer shoes. The first, a "modern wrap sandal," features crisscross straps and comes in five colors, while the "modern buckle sandal" resembles a pair of laidback slides and comes in three colors. Following the brand's ethos for minimalist, affordable pieces, the shoes retail for only $98. Before you commit to a pair (my personal vote goes to the buckle sandal), get inspired by how to wear them. Here, two different ways to style them—one for day and one for night—because you'll want to wear the sandals 24/7.I wear a jumpsuit year-round (it’s my favorite one-and-done outfit), but come summer, it’s the piece I gravitate towards the most. This casual striped jumpsuit is your no-fail outfit for daytime activities. Pair it with Everlane’s buckled sandals in dark green suede to stand out in the crowd. (You know everyone else will choose the "safe" colors: black or sand.) Accessorize with some dainty, no-fuss pearl earrings and let everyone know you're "off duty," on the weekends with a clutch that spells it out. Shop the pieces: Everlane buckle sandal, $98; Chriselle x J.O.A. jumpsuit, $55; Catbird pearl earrings, $88; Rebecca Minkoff straw clutch, $125It's easy to amp up the sultry factor for date night in a silky, lingerie-inspired camisole. For summer, ditch the jeans and wear a pair of black shorts (leather would be my preference) to let your legs breathe. Slip into Everlane's wrap sandal, which, luckily, comes in a variety of colors to match all your nighttime looks. Black, of course, is always a classic choice. Add a pop of color to your outfit with accessories like a tiny top handle bag. Then, wait for your SO to give you all the compliments.Shop the pieces: Everlane modern wrap sandal, $98; Cami NYC top, $155; Marissa Webb shorts, $349; Mejuri hoop earrings, $69; Jacquemus red tote, $610		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Does that "I'm a Miranda" tee come in my size?Cynthia Nixon is running for governor of New York, and one can’t properly run for office without releasing some cool campaign merch right? Right. To get her supporters and Sex and the City fans riled up, Nixon's campaign website launched limited-edition Miranda T-shirts and accessories on Wednesday in honor of SATC's 20th anniversary. The genius designs were created by the team behind Instagram account @everyoutfitonsatc, and all proceeds will benefit Nixon's gubernational campaign. (I already have my eye on the, "I'm a Miranda and I'm voting for Cynthia" tee in white.)20th Anniversary Black SATC Tee, $35 SHOP IT20th Anniversary White SATC Tee, $35 SHOP IT20th Anniversary SATC Tee-Toddler, $28 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"Is it really a red carpet without a wardrobe malfunction?" she asked.The most fashionable movie premiere of recent memory went down last night in New York City, and we have the ladies of Ocean’s 8 to thank for that. The all-female cast showed up in an array of breathtaking outfits, so you'd never guess one actress had a slight wardrobe malfunction prior to taking the red carpet. Moments before Mindy Kaling met up with her costars, she shared this 'gram with the caption: "Post-panic. Mid-sew in. Pre-#Oceans8 Premiere. Is it really a red carpet without a wardrobe malfunction?"Seemed that Mindy had a minor problem with her dress that required an on-the-spot sew in—an experience probably not uncommon in the celebrity style world. Being Mindy Kaling, the comedian was sure to document this behind-the-scenes moment for her fans.The star wore a black, hand-draped Atelier Prabal Gurung dress with the most dazzling assortment of Cartier jewels. Once on the red carpet (dress intact), Mindy shone next to stars Sandra Bullock (in Elie Saab Haute Couture) and Rihanna (in Givenchy). I mean, the entire Ocean's 8 cast looked so.damn.fabulous. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Chanel, Oscar de la Renta, Gucci...the gang's all here.It’s not New York Fashion Week just yet (we still have three more months), but don’t despair. Resort ’19 collections, also known as cruise or holiday, will give you plenty of outfit inspiration for next year. Louis Vuitton, Gucci, Chanel, and Dior were some of the major fashion houses to host shows that featured a myriad of outfits fit for traveling in and beyond.Here are some of the most gorgeous looks.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The AP is reporting that fashion designer Kate Spade was found dead Tuesday morning in her New York City apartment. Though information is still coming in, CBS News reports that she was found by her housekeeper, and that her passing looks to be the result of suicide. She was 55.Spade was a popular American fashion designer who got her start in the ‘80s and rose to worldwide acclaim for her Kate Spade New York designs. This story will be updated as more information becomes available. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Kim Kardashian was also named the winner of the Influencer Award. The 2018 CFDA Fashion Awards took place on Monday night at the Brooklyn Museum. Stars like Gigi Hadid and Kendall Jenner wore their most eye-catching outfits on the red carpet; meanwhile, Kim Kardashian was honored with the first-ever Influencer award. Kim wasn't the only person to win big. Raf Simons took home Womenswear Designer of the Year (he also received that honor in 2017) while Supreme won Menswear Designer of the Year. See the full list of winners, below.Diane von Furstenberg Ralph LaurenNarciso Rodriguez Carolina Herrera Donatella Versace Edward Enniful Naomi Campbell Kim Kardashian WestAshley Olsen and Mary-Kate Olsen for The RowSupreme Sander Lak for Sies Marjan Raf Simons for Calvin Klein		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She joked about "being naked most of the time."On Monday night, Kim Kardashian won the Influencer Award at the 2018 CFDA Fashion Awards. It was the first honor of its type to be given out and, given her iconic fashion moments, Kim could not have been a more suitable recipient. (I mean, remember when she wore this talked-about nude latex dress? Or when she made biker shorts a wardrobe staple?) Kim's speech made light of the irony of winning a fashion award when she has a known affinity for wearing barely-there clothes (exhibit A). "I'm kind of shocked that I'm winning a fashion award when I'm naked most of the time," she joked." The star then became serious, however, and said that fashion "was always something she loved," and was honored to have received the award. See Kim's full speech, and then check out what her sis Kendall Jenner wore on the CFDA red carpet. Congratulating Kim on receiving the #cfda #influenceraward 👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼 You’re  humble ,beautiful ,and truly awesome and everything you touch turns golden  #kimkardashian #numberoneinfluencerA post shared by  Lorraine Schwartz (@lorraineschwartz) on Jun 4, 2018 at 7:31pm PDT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She is the canvas and this is an artistic masterpiece. Gigi Hadid attended the 2018 CFDA Fashion Awards in a Versace catsuit that left me—and possibly everyone else who saw her—completely speechless. The one-piece designer number features an attention-grabbing, graphic print resembling abstract art, and at first glance, looks like it could be painted on.The 23-year-old model was at the event to support her friend and designer Donatella Versace, who is receiving the International Award. There was also no better way for Gigi to pay tribute to the fashion guru than by wearing a design from the iconic fashion house. (Look closely and you can make out the Versace logos on Gigi's arms and legs.)She styled the vibrant outfit with jewels from Lorraine Schwartz and Gigi by Messika, a pair of red Stuart Weitzman heels, and a matching bold red lip. The model most likely met up with BFF Kendall Jenner, who wore her own eye-catching look on the red carpet, at the event. And, we can only imagine the conversations they're having about each other's outfits.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The definition of fashun. The CFDA Fashion Awards is an annual celebration honoring designers, emerging talent, and creative tastemakers in fashion. It’s no surprise then, that one of the industry’s most in-demand models, Kendall Jenner, stopped by for the fête. After sharing a few snaps of her lavender look on Instagram, Kendall finally arrived on the red carpet at the Brooklyn Museum in a stunning feather mini dress. (Where she met up with familiar faces like Karlie Kloss and Rosie Huntington-Whiteley).The lavender number, worn off the shoulders, featured an asymmetrical cut, long-sleeves, and a shaggy train—or should I say tail—that draped to the ground. We know the star has an affinity for short (and often times, sheer) dresses, so this thigh-high cut was definitely on theme.Kendall likely attended the event to support her sister, Kim Kardashian, who will be honored with the CFDA's first-ever Influencer Award. We're anxiously awaiting her arrival. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			From Beyoncé to Janelle Monáe.Since 2001, the Black Entertainment Television network has been celebrating African American stars in all entertainment fields, including music, acting, and sports. And every year the attendees bring their A-game to the annual event's red carpet. Click through to see the best fashion moments through the years, leading up to the 2018 BET Awards on Sunday, June 24.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			His designs were commentaries on life as a first-generation American.Breaking away from the traditional fashion week schedule, Alexander Wang debuted his latest designs, titled “Collection 1,” on Sunday. The show marked a move to a June/December schedule and the rejection of seasonal collection names like “Spring 2019.” The powerful theme for Wang’s newest collection centered on his parents’ immigration journey and his own upbringing as a first-generation American. The designer cohesively depicted the two parts of his life through outfits that paid tribute to both American and Chinese culture. The result was a deeply personal and politically-infused runway show. Ahead, talking points for when this inevitably comes up in conversation with your most stylish friend.We spied Jourdan Dunn and Rosie Huntington-Whiteley.Models debuted outfits that incorporated classic American iconography, such as football jerseys and bandanas, mixed with "thank you" shopping bags and "Chinatown" printed pants.This look referenced the surgical face masks worn in Asian culture. Kaia Gerber and Bella Hadid shared plenty of snaps on Instagram.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Her sewing skills are A+.Recently, one of Taylor Swift’s fans went above and beyond to honor the singer—and the result was priceless. Lotte, who goes by the Twitter username @teatimetay13, decided to re-create one of Taylor's costumes from her Fearless tour, specifically, the marching band ensemble, and she shared a step-by-step process of the DIY look on Twitter. The post, which has received over 1.1k likes, makes Lotte the number 1 Swiftie in my book. Read on to see some highlights from her creation process.Lotte began with this announcement:process thread of me making the Fearless tour opening outfit pic.twitter.com/kNUT5WSeKLShe laid out the pieces she needed for the outfit:front & back panels are done & ripping them apart works! pic.twitter.com/dyDZhVs6quHere are shots of the collar, sleeve, and jacket details:it's not time to sew all of the details on yet but I wanted to see what it looked like so pic.twitter.com/Vwq5u8C90pPresumably, Lotte's grandma was there for moral support:taylor swift who? pic.twitter.com/iJFe3091EKLotte (who kind of looks like Taylor Swift herself) tried on the jacket:this is the only mirror I have here LMAO but you can kind of see the fit pic.twitter.com/mf1R0WWDWpShe added some finishing touches a.k.a. sequins (a Taylor signature) to the look:got on some of the black sequins, it's late and I'm tired so I'm done for today whew pic.twitter.com/nv53RwAz2FAnd posted pics of the look coming together:SO CLOSE i have to buy some more gold cord to add to the shoulders but besides that the top is done! pic.twitter.com/Nw2iCJ0YG3There was a skirt portion too:not completely satisfied with the look of the skirt yet but it's something(also yes the jacket looks crooked bc I put it on in a rush lol) pic.twitter.com/iEQPtsK312The completed outfit:it's 1:30am and I need to press the skirt but...... I think....I'm done... HALLELUJAH pic.twitter.com/YAtd6dl4MvLotte, this is amazing. Taylor, if you need a new costume designer, you know who to call.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Harry Styles loves a good suit and there doesn't seem to be any look he can't pull off. Floral? Yep. Mariachi-inspired? You know it. The star also loves Gucci and now the feeling is officially mutual. Styles is the face of the fashion brand's new tailoring campaign. The campaign shows Styles in a range of, well, styles, and hanging out around London with a range of animal pals, too. The campaign features no fewer than five dogs and one chicken. In the first picture Gucci shared from the campaign, Styles wears a classic grey three-piece suit by Alessandro Michele while hanging out at a fish and chips shop. He's accompanied by a dog and accessorizes the look with striped sneakers. In the second photo, Styles wore a suit that seems custom-made for his fashion sense. The intricately-detailed lapel on the New Marseille jacket is everything. It even pulls focus from the chicken Styles is posing with. Finally, Gucci shared a picture of Styles in a dark blue, printed suit, sharing his lunch with a group of hungry puppies. "In a narrative sequence that echoes many famous photographs and scenes from British films, @harrystyles brings his pet chicken and dog into the fish and chip shop. He orders and shares it with the animals," Gucci captioned the picture. From: ELLE US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Kim Kardashian loves a good naked dress and, in case anyone could forget her pioneering efforts in the look, she posted a throwback to one of her most iconic and most naked dresses of all time. On Saturday, Kim shared a picture on Instagram that shows her strutting super casually around a parking lot in a 100 percent transparent dress with visible bikini underwear, no bra, and an open trench coat. The result is WOW, even for Kim K. Kim left the photo caption-less, because honestly, what is there to say?Well, for those who don't remember, the reality star first wore this transparent dress in July 2017. Something must have made her nostalgic for the look. Lately, Kim has been hanging out in Wyoming with her family and her girls. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Despite backlash from some parents.It’s an adorable concept: a shirt little boys can wear to show they care about equality with girls. But when J.Crew started selling T-shirts for boys with the words “I Am a Feminist Too,” some fans of the brand weren’t too happy, Insider reports. Despite the backlash, J.Crew is standing by their shirt.The tee is a product of J.Crew’s collaboration with Prinkshop, a company that makes clothing and accessories with activist messages. Their site also sells adult-sized shirts with the “I Am a Feminist Too” slogan. Sales from the J.Crew/Prinkshop collaboration benefit Girl Up, a group that partners with the United Nations to help girls around the world get an education.  On J.Crew’s Instagram account, some commenters, especially conservative ones, called the company out for encouraging kids to wear slogans they don’t fully understand. “This poor kid doesn't even know what he's representing,” one commenter wrote. "Shame on you for politicizing little boys into what their MOMS want them to be. Kids should be kids not political grandstanding tokens,” another wrote. The backlash continued on Twitter. Y'all... don't make your children pawns in your political game. It ain't cute. I work in politics and my almost 5 yr old doesn't even know what I do or who the president is. All she knows is that I talk to her "uncle @benshapiro."  https://t.co/1OGOdyutjWThis has nothing to do with "right-wing fans". It's the fact that CHILDREN DON'T HAVE THE MENTAL CAPACITY TO UNDERSTAND IDEOLOGIES!This is tonedeaf adults using their children as a platform to push their narrative. It's sickening https://t.co/OZAETslEmgOther people supported the shirt, saying feminism isn’t a political issue and that all parents should be raising their children to be feminists. People mad over a J. Crew shirt... If I raise my son and he decided he’s NOT a feminist, I’d disown him and send him a bill for being such an assclown.This hurts my brain. Isn’t it exhausting to get so offended by everything. Like are you trying to raise your son to not believe in equality or? Feminism isn’t political. It’s about recognizing women are human. Lordt. https://t.co/d5gHQvku8WThe same conservative hand-wringers who are upset about J. Crew’s feminist t-shirt probably see no problem in making their little ones wear pro-life t-shirts.Why is this even an issue? A feminist is someone who thinks women deserve equal rights. Men can be feminists. Men SHOULD be feminists. If I had a son, I’d be raising him to be a feminist.The company is defending the somehow-controversial shirt, saying it shows their commitment to equality. A representative for J.Crew responded to the uproar in a statement to MarieClaire.com: “J.Crew stands for equality, and is for everybody.” And that commitment is working, because it’s already sold out in a few sizes. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Spoiler: I found the strapless bra dreams are made of.It’s officially summer (or some muggy, humid, sweaty version of it), which means less layers, which, in turn, means thinking about which bra you're wearing in a way the cooler seasons never require. I went bra-first for an entire week, challenging myself to wear necklines and cuts that would require a bra other than my trusty t-shirt style. If the last-summer version of me was paper-clipping straps into a DIY racerback—or deciding against buying something cute because I had no idea what I'd wear under it—the 2018-summer version is reigning over an entire wardrobe of bras meant to work with whatever I'm wearing. So, join me: Stop trying to hack it, and check out the five outfits I wore this week, some version of which I'll be repeating all season.Behold: A strapless bra that doesn’t pinch, squeeze, or slide down, yet still manages to make your breasts look like, well, breasts. I layered it under a shoulder-baring maxi dress and a simple cardigan for battling office A.C. Basic white sneakers kept it simple and casual.Banana Republic Cropped Cardigan, $78, bananarepublic.com; Wilfred Dress, $175, aritzia.com; Wacoal Strapless Bra, $65, wacoal-america.com; Superga Sneakers, $70, amazon.comMy requirements for an everyday bra: comfortable, comfortable, and more comfortable, like this simple t-shirt bra. It looks invisible under thin cotton tops, like this ruched one, which I paired with white jeans for a bright, thoroughly summer look. I'd recreate the same look on the weekend with sandals, but heels made it work for the office.Wacoal T-Shirt Bra, $60, wacoal-america.com; COS Shirt, $69, cosstores.com; Madewell Jeans, $128, madewell.com; Stuart Weitzman Mules, $455, stuartweitzman.comA sports bra by any other name is still a sports bra—except when it’s a sleek charcoal shade and works for work. Then you’ve got yourself a (very comfy) lewk. Bonus points: The hidden underwire in this style avoids the dreaded uni-boob look, making this piece easy to wear under a clingy top without screaming, "I'm wearing a sports bra!" I styled this for a middle-of-the-week day when I had plans to run immediately from the office to a workout class. Not having to switch my bra made the change that much quicker.Madewell Tank, $19, madewell.com; Wacoal Sport Bra, $72, wacoal-america.com; Gap Linen Pants, $48 on sale, gap.com; Cocobelle Sandals, $99, everythingbutwater.comOld-me would have thought, "Oh, this is a cute dress, but shoot, that neckline is too weird." New-me realized that the stars (and straps) could align perfectly with a racerback bra. And hey, if they happen to peek out, the coral color makes it okay. Having your bra straps show is one thing, but having your hot-pink bra straps show is a fun thing.Wacoal Convertible Bra, $48, wacoal-america.com; Marysia Dress, $620, matchesfashion.com; Topshop Cuff Bracelet, $22, topshop.com; Schutz Mules, $170, shopbop.comListen, it’s 2018, and showing off your bra is officially cool again (so feel free to ignore your mother). This lacy beige bralette is cute and unassuming, so having the edges peak out of a flowy maxi dress feels fresh, not sloppy, especially worn with flat sandals and cheeky earrings.Amber Sceats Earrings, similar: ambersceats.com; H&M Conscious Dress, $199, hm.com; Wacoal Wire-Free Bra, $30, wacoal-america.com; Cocobelle Sandals, $99, everythingbutwater.com		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The young royal was spotted at Queen E's garden party.When Queen Elizabeth throws a garden party, one wears a hat. (It’s kinda written in the dress code.) Thankfully, Princess Eugenie of York, being a royal and all, had plenty to choose from when she attended the Buckingham Palace Garden Party on Thursday. She met up with Princess William and was spotted wearing a navy three-quarter sleeve dress with a matching Misa Harada fascinator. Embroidered on the front of her hat was the word, "Love." Though this message could have simply been a general proclamation (like when your friend wears that T-shirt that says "summer forever"), I prefer the theory that this word was directed to Princess Eugenie's fiancé, Jack Brooksbank. The pair announced their engagement back in January and will marry on Oct. 12, 2018 at St. George's Chapel in Windsor Castle—the same place Prince Harry and Meghan Markle had their little get-together a few weeks ago.As of now, Princess Eugenie's exact hat is still available to shop, should you throw a garden party of your own. (Pssst, Queen E, we're still waiting for our garden party invites.)Misa Harada, $255 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			We've reached peak '90s nostalgia. Nike’s new shoe is a toast to athleisure spiked with a hint of ‘90s nostalgia. The sporty retailer plans to release “fanny pack slides,” which are spin-offs of the brand’s iconic Nike Benassi JDI slides. As for the actual design, the fanny-pack-meets-slide footwear looks exactly how it sounds.The shoe starts with your typical cushioned sole, then where a single strap across your foot would typically appear, a zippered pouch is affixed. In theory, you can stuff your keys or loose change into the pockets should you want to go hands free at the pool. Though, if you fill the pouch up, the straps will probably feel like ankle (toe?) weights.While there is no set release date, we know the collection will come in three different color ways: black, black/pink, and green/blue. This isn't the first time a brand has attempted to revamp the fanny pack from its dad-image days. Fashion houses such as Chanel, Versace, Marc Jacobs, and Kate Spade debuted more stylish versions dubbed "belt bags" last season much to the delight of the street style crowd.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			These are not your mom's maternity sweats.Pippa Middleton isn’t letting pregnancy alter her typical (amazing) style. After attending Sunday's French Open in the perfect summer wrap dress, she stepped out on Thursday to run some errands in her neighborhood. While many women might (happily) give in to the sweatpants life three one month into pregnancy (no shame), Pippa, who's reportedly four months along, is looking chic as ever. Kate Middleton's little sis wore a casual-dressy ensemble consisting of a blue blazer, navy top, and gingham pants. The black-and-white checkered bottoms were cropped at the ankles to show off her loafers, which matched the royal blue hue of her blazer. Pippa attempted to stay incognito with a pair of oversize sunglasses, though with those pants we could spot our style icon a mile away. As with most of her maternity looks so far, Pippa is keeping her baby bump expertly concealed. And although I, personally, am not expecting a child, I am very into her pants and plan to wear them to the office approximately once a week this summer. If you're inspired, shop similar trouser options, below.Theory, $345 SHOP ITTalbots, $95 SHOP ITAkris, $495 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			In the most literal sense.Gucci’s cruise 2019 show was a stunning spectacle. Creative director Alessandro Michele invited 400 guests to the Promenade des Alyscamps, a cemetery in Arles, France, and kicked off the show with a line of fire down the runway. Models debuted 114 looks that referenced famous icons such as musician Billy Idol and famed hat maker Frank Olive. However, in keeping with the location, the central theme for the cruise collection was death. Michele infused gothic romanticism into every item on the runway, from the accessories to the props. Here, 10 things to know about the show.Creative director Alessandro Michele held the show at Promenade des Alyscamps, a prestigious Roman cemetery in Arles, France.Salma Hayek, Saoirse Ronan, and A$AP Rocky were some of the lucky stars who sat front row.The collection featured both womenswear and menswear.The clothes and accessories contained symbols of death, giving total gothic romanticism vibes.In the past, wealthy Romans made death masks by taking the casts from corpses in order to worship and remember their loved ones.As this headpiece demonstrates.This sleeveless denim jacket was covered in sequined patches.This sweater referenced the popular Chateau Marmont Hotel in Los Angeles.This outfit featured a little hat sprouting an oversize feather. Olive designed hats for fashion houses, department stores, and worked with performers like Diana Ross and Peggy Lee.The musician plans to wear the label for his three-year Farewell Yellow Brick Road tour.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Guaranteed to please even the fussiest of dads.Dads tend to be the most neglected member of the family when it comes to gift-giving holidays. They're strong proponents of "not needing anything new," which explains why they usually get the most snooze-worthy presents (see: socks and ties). But your pops definitely deserves to be shown he's loved and appreciated this Father's Day. Check out our selection of gift ideas aimed to please a range of interests.Warby Parker, $95SHOP ITWhen he gets his lasik glasses and sunglasses confused, that’s when you know it's time to make the switch. Change his life with this chic pair of polarized lenses that'll have him looking a decade younger.Aluratek, $40SHOP ITTechnology! Swap the traditional photo frame with a digital one that rotates through all of the photos of his favorite kid (you). Lands' End, $50SHOP ITSwim trunks, board shorts—whatever you call them, he'll enjoy them on the beach all summer. Samsung, $118SHOP ITGive the man what he wants: the ability to take himself to the front row of concerts, sporting events, and games with this VR headset. Sandro, $285SHOP ITEvery guy needs a good denim jacket in his closet. It's time for dad to retire the one scented with cigarette smoke from the '70s. Calvin Klein, $55SHOP ITHe's not a regular dad, he's a cool dad. Just because he likes to lounge around the house on Sundays doesn't mean he has to look like a schlub while doing it. Parachute, $99SHOP ITTreat him to this classic unisex robe he'll want to live in 24/7. Smythson, $1,384SHOP ITYour dad will officially name you the favorite child if you give him this iconic Smythson leather briefcase. Tom Ford, $98SHOP ITThe inimitable Tom Ford is back at it again with this smoky blend of exotic oud wood, sandalwood, and vetiver. The perfect addition to your dad's man cave. Away, $195SHOP ITThe perfect bag for weekend trips when he doesn't feel like schlepping an entire suitcase. It can also double as his new gym bag. New Balance x J. Crew, $75SHOP ITNever forget the dad sneaker trend—extra stylish with this J. Crew collaboration. Go-Pro, $600SHOP ITA remote-controlled drone for the dad who's really just a kid at heart. Todd Synder, $138SHOP ITHello, yes, men wear pink. And your dad needs a nice new summer shirt. Hario Mizudashi, $13SHOP ITAn iced coffee pot for the dad who loves his cold brew, but wants to kick his Starbucks habit. Gift him with this one so he can have it ready to go before he leaves in the morning. REI, $60SHOP ITA cozy, durable, and lightweight sleeping bag for the avid camper or backpacker to curl up in.LG, $144SHOP ITWith these surround-sound wireless headphones, he can listen to his favorite music without killing his hearing (though there are available earbuds) or enhance his Netflix experience. Williams-Sonoma, $285SHOP ITA bit of a splurge for kitchenware, but worth it for the crème de la crème of cast iron slow cookers that lasts forever.Mouth, $175SHOP ITIf your dad is  particular about his spirits, have the foodies at Mouth help him develop his tastes with a curated craft bourbon trio. Goby, $60SHOP ITHe won't have to use the same toothbrush head on repeat anymore with this electric Goby toothbrush subscription service, which sends you new heads every three months. Plus, when it looks this sleek, he'll feel like Bruce Wayne brushing his teeth. Food52, $150SHOP ITA worn-in, waxy apron for the grill-master and stir-fry chef who doesn't want any splatters on his custom shirts. The Art of Shaving, $120 SHOP ITA full shaving kit—including a traditional shaving brush, pre-shaving oil, and soothing balm/cream duo—that was crafted by the wizards at The Art of Shaving. It's unscented, too, so it won't set off any sensitive skin types.J. Crew, $35SHOP ITThis gingham shirt screams, "I'm reliable and I know how to dress."  Google, $129SHOP ITFor the guy who loves everything tech (or just wants a fancy voice-operated speaker), gift him the nifty Google Home—then watch him request sport stats from the kitchen. Miansai, $80SHOP ITEven if he's not an actual sailor, the minimal nautical band looks charming—the perfect add-on for when he decides to dress up and treat mom to a fancy dinner.  Food52, $220SHOP ITBeautiful wooden boxes to store gadgets, tools, utensils, and food items. Garmin, $495SHOP ITFor the super-powered triathelete dad, have the family go in on the best of athletic smart watches, like Garmin's latest. It boasts a range of new functions he can play with, like an integrated heart monitor and fitness tests for swimming and cycling. Lockwood, $48SHOP ITEven if he's not one to really appreciate skincare (FWIW, this one's chock-full of antioxidants) he'll love a body wash that has a cooling mint sensation and smells like his favorite aromatic kitchen ingredients.Braun, $60SHOP ITAn especially meticulous shaving set with five attachments for the man who is super particular about his stubble. Baxter of California, $23SHOP ITFancy hair clay to keep that quiff perfectly coiffed. Logitech, $130SHOP ITNo more scouring the couch cushions for one of the five remote controls: This universal Logitech control does it all. It connects to all the devices in your house and even to your Smartphone.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			A very naked look indeed.If you’re well-versed in what a “naked dress” looks like (exhibit A), let Emily Ratajkowski introduce you to the “naked top.” If you can’t picture the design, just scroll through her latest Instagram photos. The star couldn’t resist sharing a few snaps of her artfully constructed Paco Rabanne top.  #emrata in Cote D’AzurA post shared by  Emma Jade Morrison (@emmajademorrison) on May 29, 2018 at 1:04pm PDTThe designer number came in a shimmery metallic fabric with fringe details on the front, call it a "sequin waterfall," while the back was just two silvery straps holding the whole thing together. It appears Emily was loving her barely-there look as she took several bathroom selfies (iconic).  🇫🇷A post shared by  Emily Ratajkowski (@emrata) on May 29, 2018 at 12:48pm PDT Côte d’AzurA post shared by  Emily Ratajkowski (@emrata) on May 29, 2018 at 12:53pm PDTThough my favorite image has to be this snap, where she showed off her full top, trouser, and heels ensemble, in front of a Rolls-Royce no less. (Okay, the photo is kind of extra, but I still  love it.) Chou ChouA post shared by  Emily Ratajkowski (@emrata) on May 29, 2018 at 3:03pm PDTIf Emily's convinced you that a backless, silver top is must-have party attire, shop similar pieces below.h:ours, $148 SHOP IT8 other reasons, $89 SHOP ITForever 21, $47 SHOP ITNasty Gal, $22 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She styled the menswear-inspired piece two different ways.Bella Hadid is the master of wardrobe changes. The model attended the Dior Backstage Launch Party at Loulou’s in London (she’s the face of Dior Makeup) Tuesday night and arrived to the event in an all-black ensemble: a menswear-inspired vest and a sheer, tulle skirt, which hid her bandaged foot. In a move that would have Queen E's approval, Bella accessorized with a netted beret-style fascinator. The party look was ultra glamorous with a hint of edginess—Bella's signature style. While she channeled moody princess vibes at the Dior party, afterward she slipped into a more casual outfit—but only from the waist down. She swapped her voluminous skirt for a pair of straight-leg blue jeans and tucked in her vest before cinching her waist with a buckle belt. She kept her hat on (and why not? Hat's are definitely having a moment) and threw on a pair of sunglasses. When Bella turned around, she revealed that her formal-looking vest was actually scintillatingly sexy, thanks to the open back. Now, the tough question (someone has to ask!):		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The tennis champ won her first round at the French Open.Serena Williams made her triumphant return to tennis at the French Open on Tuesday, beating Kristyna Pliskova of the Czech Republic in the first round with a score of 7-6 (4), 6-4. Williams' athleticism wasn't the only thing that caught the crowd's attention, however; fans were equally as excited by Williams' Nike bodysuit, which featured a hot pink waistband. The skin-tight look was surprising to some fans, as it's a marked departure from the more traditional outfits worn by female tennis stars. Generally, women wear dresses or skirts on the court, though tennis player Anne White famously donned a white bodysuit in 1985 (as one Twitter user pointed out).What was once a scandalous outfit is now, if not de rigueur, simply no big deal, thanks to fashion taste makers like Serena Williams. Well done @serenawilliams for your fashion tribute to Anne White and her 1985 Wimbledon outfit. pic.twitter.com/FCGONKXLA1Fans also likened Williams' unexpected tennis look to a superhero's suit (she is almost super human in the tennis world, after all), including Cat Woman, and gave her major fashion kudos online, which you can read ahead.Serena Williams came to @rolandgarros dressed as a super hero and I am ALL ABOUT IT. pic.twitter.com/soSeKs3jb1Serena Williams et sa tenue CatWoman 😅#rg18 pic.twitter.com/XEW8kqejFnI am absolutely living for Serena Williams' bodysuit. The queen has returned. 👑🎾 pic.twitter.com/xQ7JWQwYpZThe catsuit is back and it’s having my queen looking like a superhero! 🙌🏾 #slay @serenawilliams #FrenchOpen2018 #RolandGarros pic.twitter.com/PKYFNHMq5ERemember when Serena Williams tweeted this picture back in 2011? The catsuit is back! #RG18 pic.twitter.com/xKdJzDUnigThe 2018 French Open marks the first major championship for Williams since she gave birth to daughter Alexis Olympia Ohanian Jr. in September. The tennis star is a three-time French Open champion, so here's hoping she crushes the tournament this time around—and does so in more fierce bodysuits.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She and husband James Matthews attended the French Open.Pippa Middleton and her husband James Matthews attended the French Open over the weekend. For the daytime outing, KMidd's sister wore a printed wrap dress by Ralph Lauren that hit just above her ankles. The breezy dress was the perfect summertime staple and—in a move that probably irked the paparazzi—easily concealed her pregnant belly as she walked around the grounds of the tennis tournament. However, Pippa's adorable baby bump became noticeable when she sat down to watch a match.The socialite is rumored to be four months pregnant (the news broke back in April) and is frequently spotted out and about running errands or attending events. Her last public appearance was at Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's wedding. To complete her French Open outfit, Pippa opted for Ray-Ban sunglasses, a pair of (comfy) heels in the form of wedge espadrilles, and matched her husband in a striped fedora. Luckily for Pippa fans, her exact dress is still available to shop, along with a similar pair of espadrilles. Get her whole outfit, below.Pippa's Ralph Lauren dress:Ralph Lauren, $398 SHOP ITSimilar wedge heels:Soludos, $95 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Cat bags! Sneaker-boots! Feathers!Nicolas Ghesquière of Louis Vuitton isn’t going anywhere. Last week, the fashion house renewed his contract as creative director and over the weekend, the French fashion designer lived up to his artistic legacy by treating guests to a spectacular Cruise 2019 show. The runway took place at the Fondation Maeght in Saint-Paul-de-Vence inside a sculptural maze. Ghesquière drew inspiration from the natural surroundings, infusing his clothes with elements from the garden. This was the designer's fifth Resort collection for Louis Vuitton, and a memorable one at that. Here, what you need to know about the show.Models walked through the Joan Miró’s Labyrinthe, a life-size maze of sculptures that overlooked the hills of Saint-Paul-de-Vence. The Welcome invitation to @louisvuitton cruise show. The art of travel is at the core of @louisVuitton. Some of my favorites:  a sachet full of the unforgettable smell of the south of france to take with me, plus a favorite passport holder in the color 🍊🧡🧡A post shared by  Nina Garcia (@ninagarcia) on May 28, 2018 at 3:27am PDTSo pretty!The fashion house's muses were all in attendance: Jennifer Connelly, Lea Seydoux, and Emma Stone.The result? Avant-garde creations like this sneaker-boot hybrid. This isn't the first time Ghesquière drew inspiration from architecture. His resort 2018 collection was held at the Miho Museum, near Kyoto. This belongs in an editorial spread. Or on The Bachelorette.Worn under an embroidered, sheer duster coat.Prediction: This bag will be everywhere next season. "This cruise show is about eccentricity for me. It’s about how an individual can have his own proper style and can start a movement," Ghesquiere said to Women's Wear Daily. McGrath channeled this "eccentric" vibe by painting flames on model's foreheads.Ghesquière and Coddington worked on a collection of bags based on the sketches she does of her cats and his dog. This cat-motif purse popped up on the runway. Guests were treated to several dinners and parties around Cannes because Ghesquière knows how to provide an experience.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Lady Kitty Spencer, the niece (and spitting image) of the late Princess Diana, has been making a name for herself in the fashion world for years. From runway looks to street style, here are some of Kitty's best looks through the years. At the royal wedding in Windsor.In London.In New York City.In London.In London.In Milan. Walking for Dolce & Gabbana in Milan.In Milan.At NYFW.In New York City.At Paris Fashion Week.In London.In London.In London.In London.In London.In Madrid.Walking for Dolce & Gabbana in Milan.In New York City. In New York City. At Paris Fashion Week.In London.In Berlin. In Windsor, England.In London.Walking for Dolce & Gabbana in Milan.At Paris Fashion Week.In London.In London.At London Fashion Week. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Balenciaga has released a new shirt and Twitter has feelings. Mostly because the shirt is actually two shirts, sewn together and then worn casually, as if the wearer is not wearing two shirts sewn together. Behold: The Balenciaga website describes the shirt as, "Striped short sleeves and long sleeves shirts with two wearing options." It's a t-shirt with a long-sleeved button-down shirt sewn to the front. And it costs $1,290. Here's what it looks like on a human being: From multiple angles. Notice that, from the back, it's literally just a t-shirt: Twitter always has a comment and here's what the people of the internet have to say about the unique design. LMAOOOOO bro what in the actual fuck pic.twitter.com/IsWSV0DMGD pic.twitter.com/ZZvMnJj1dRHey @BALENCIAGA,I just made my own Double Shirt and it didn't cost thousands of dollars! pic.twitter.com/8daWqAGy7CBalenciaga’s take on the classic shirt t-shirt combo. 😂😂😂 pic.twitter.com/maofvPdNbJI thought this Balenciaga shirt was a joke. ...Its real and it's $1,290 pic.twitter.com/j0gwfmEaRSBalenciagas fall 18 line is so ugly oh my god wtf Is this bs this shirt is 1300 pic.twitter.com/jpOCbZOdy2Balenciaga really glued a shirt onto a t-shirt and called it a “t-shirt shirt” 😂😂 AND IS SELLING IT FOR 1,300 😂😂 pic.twitter.com/jQNYav84RN		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Lady Kitty Spencer, niece of the late Princess Diana, is making a name for herself in the fashion world. Her latest gig is as an official brand ambassador for Bulgari. "It is an immense honor to be working with the most iconic Italian jewelry brand in the world. Bulgari has always been synonymous with creativity, heritage, beauty and glamour. I am, therefore, very excited to be part of the Bulgari family, as it means experiencing their passion and magic first-hand," she said of the opportunity, according to Harper's BAZAAR UK. Bulagri has said that Spencer is a perfect fit for the ambassadorship, because she represents the brand's "fearless attitude." She also looks absolutely stunning—and eerily like her famous aunt—in the pictures from the campaign. This isn't Spencer's first time working with Bulgari. In the past, she's work with charities that are connected to the brand to help raise funds. Notably, she's done work with the Elton John Aids Foundation and Save the Children.Spencer has been building a résumé as a model, appearing in runway shows for the likes of Dolce & Gabbana. She was also in attendance for the royal wedding last weekend. She traveled to Windsor to celebrate the wedding of her cousin, Prince Harry, to Meghan Markle. She wore Dolce & Gabbana to the ceremony, accessorizing the dress with orange heels, an orange clutch, a green fascinator, and a gorgeous necklace.For more stunning pictures of Lady Kitty Spencer, follow her on Instagram. You'll be in good company, the model has more than 350,000 followers to date.  It is an immense honour to be working with the most iconic Italian jewellery brand in the world. Bvlgari has always been synonymous with creativity, heritage, beauty and glamour.  I am, therefore, very excited to be part of the Bulgari family, as it means experiencing their passion and magic first-hand. @bulgariofficial #BvlgariAmbassador #BvlgariFamilyA post shared by  Kitty Spencer (@kitty.spencer) on May 25, 2018 at 5:39am PDT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Lady Gaga stepped out in three separate retro-inspired looks during a day in New York City this week. On Thursday, the singer started her day in a white, vintage dress that she accessorized with a black clutch, high heels, and retro sunglasses. She topped the look off with a beehive, because Gaga doesn't do anything halfway. She was spotted heading to an appointment at a recording studio in the classic ensemble.Later in the day, Gaga changed into a yellow and grey tweed suit with a matching mid-length skirt and jacket. She kept her accessories the same, sticking with her black clutch, heels, and sunglasses. And, yes, she also kept the beehive. For her evening look, Gaga kept the beehive and traded everything else for a sexy red-and-black look. Her short red dress featured an elaborate tulle back that gave off major showgirl vibes. She paired the look with black, elbow-length gloves, black sunglasses, a sparkly black bag, black fishnet stockings, and black heels (although a different pair than she wore during the day). She was also dripping with diamonds, with huge earrings, a statement necklace, and bracelets on each wrist. We may have officially reached peak Gaga. From: ELLE US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Models walked through the rain in bold, rodeo-inspired looks.Last night, Maria Grazia Chiuri presented her 2019 Dior resort collection in Chantilly, France. The inspiration: escaramuza riders—Mexico's female rodeo riders—eight of whom were flown in and suited up in custom Dior to open the show in France. Models walked through rain in a range of equestrian looks that referenced 1920s style. Here, some of the best looks from the show. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			And they're wedding guest appropriate!To this day, I still think about Carrie Bradshaw’s iconic, poofy wedding dress. You know, the one where she almost walked down the aisle in, but then Big (played by Chris Noth) got cold feet and screwed everything up. I’ve since forgiven him...I guess.Designed by Vivienne Westwood, the "cloud dress" first popped up in the designer’s Winter 2007/2008 collection. It was then re-designed for Sarah Jessica Parker’s Sex and the City character. The strapless gown featured two different colors of material: The corset top was made from gold backed ivory silk satin duchess while the skirt was crafted from ivory silk Radzimir taffeta. It was truly one of the most magnificent pieces I've ever seen from the television series, and I'm positive I am not the only one who's still obsessed with the gown. (Raise your hand if you've pinned this onto your secret Pinterest wedding board.) Though you can't buy Carrie's exact dress, to celebrate the Sex and the City movie's 10-year anniversary, Westwood designed several pieces for the Spring/Summer 2018 collection that features elements inspired by Carrie's wedding gown. In particular, the items were created with the "Wilma cutting system," which Westwood used to create the original feminine bridal look.The pieces will be available in select Vivienne Westwood flagship stores across the country and online. Take a peek, and shop the dress-inspired pieces below. As an added bonus: From May 27 to June 10, Carrie's original wedding dress will be on display at the Vivienne Westwood flagship boutique in NYC. (The dates are already marked on my cal.)Vivienne Westwood "Wilma Dress," $920 SHOP ITVivienne Westwood "Wilma Frit Dress," $1,286 SHOP ITVivienne Westwood "Wilma Cocktail Dress," $1,488 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			At an additional 40 percent off. I repeat: an additional 40 percent off! The Outnet is having a huge sale right now, and I am not okay. (Neither is my upcoming credit card statement.) This Memorial Day weekend from May 24 through May 28, the retail giant is hosting an additional 40 percent off sale items that are already more than half off. Here, a curated list of the most coveted pieces under $200 I'm adding to my cart right now. Tibi, $395 $158 Plus an additional 40 percent off. SHOP ITNothing says summer more than this draped floral top. Sandro, $510 $194 Plus an additional 40 percent off. SHOP ITIntroducing the suede 2.5-inch heels I'll be wearing all summer long. Lisa Marie Fernandez, $365 $182 Plus an additional 40 percent off. SHOP ITThrowback to my cotton-terry Juicy jumpsuits that have reincarnated into this towel-soft cover up. It's perfect for Fourth of July. Halston Heritage, $395 $198 Plus an additional 40 percent off. SHOP ITA suede shoulder bag that will carry you through the seasons. Fleur du Mal, $325 $162 Plus an additional 40 percent off. SHOP ITA feminine blush bodysuit made for work and play. Kenzo, $400 $198 Plus an additional 40 percent off. SHOP ITNever enough denim—especially when it's embroidered.  Milly, $335 $150 Plus an additional 40 percent off. SHOP ITThe fancier alternative to the plain white tee. Stella McCartney, $495 $158 Plus an additional 40 percent off. SHOP ITA bohemian pair of jeans that will pair perfectly with the white Milly top above. T by Alexander Wang, $450 $180 Plus an additional 40 percent off. SHOP ITWhen you need a going out dress, but don't want to deal with any sweat seeping through. Opening Ceremony, $250 $112  Plus an additional 40 percent off. SHOP ITTwill platform sneakers that will go with a jumpsuit, dress, or shorts—a.k.a. everything.  Elle MacPherson Body, $150 $75 Plus an additional 40 percent off. SHOP ITTaking "I woke up like this" to another level.Mara Hoffman, $240 $144 Plus an additional 40 percent off. SHOP ITMake a statement on the beach with this one-piece suit. Chinti and Parker, $140 $70 Plus an additional 40 percent off. SHOP ITTranslation: "Girls." See by Chloé, $315 $140 Plus an additional 40 percent off. SHOP ITIt's official: Suede looks cooler in the summer. Splendid, $165 $82 Plus an additional 40 percent off. SHOP ITThrow this mini dress over a longsleeve shirt for cooler afternoons or wear it solo on your next beach vacation. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The new denim-on-denim.The best way to describe deconstructed denim is that the whole garment should look “off.” Think: missing buttons, misplaced zippers, and the good ol’ illusion of two denim pieces in one. If you're having trouble picturing the latter, Rihanna is more than happy to model the trend. As the star left The Mayfair Club in London, we got a quick glimpse of her party attire: a Helmut Lang white button-down shirt and a denim mini skirt—or should we say skirts, plural.The Unravel Project piece featured a denim skirt belt over another denim skirt. The edgy fashion brand, founded by Ben Taverniti, is known for making eyebrow-raising denim garments that are right up Rihanna's style alley. The singer topped off her look with Gianvito Rossi PVC heels and a Balenciaga bag.Though Rihanna's exact skirt isn't available, you can still shop similar deconstructed pieces for that cool-girl vibe.Ben Taverniti Unravel Project, $1,490 SHOP ITSJYP, $147 SHOP ITUnravel, $583 SHOP ITTortoise, $360 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			For $28, the Fashion Nova mini dress can be yours too.Fashion Nova has the Kardashian family’s full support. All the sisters have worn pieces from the e-commerce retailer and posted a look or two on Instagram, of course. The biggest Fashion Nova fan, however, might be Kylie. The youngest Jenner posed for a photo while wearing a gray off-the-shoulder mini dress from the brand. It was short and sexy—exactly Kylie's style. She captioned the snap, "Left my designer for this @FashionNova fit."Unlike Kylie's usual designer outfits (lately she's loving Fendi), this gray dress is only $28 and comes in four additional colors, including oatmeal and pastel pink. (Her gray option, sadly, appears to be sold out.) At the moment, Kylie's Instagram photo has garnered over 2 million likes, which means the mini dresses won't be in stock for long. Get yours asap, below.Fashion Nova, $28 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			They nailed that #twinning moment.Would you ever wear the same outfit as your mom? For Black-ish star Yara Shahidi, the answer would be an adamant "yes." The actress recently shared a cute Instagram snap of her and her mother, Keri Shahidi, in matching green and white color-block tracksuits. The athleisure two piece was from Tory Sport and Yara followed up the sweet snap with the caption, "Same same" and twin dancing emojis. The mother-and-daughter duo even had on the exact pair of sneakers.The photo was a throwback to the pair's Mother’s Day campaign for the brand, but that didn't make this #twinning moment any less endearing. If you're feeling inspired, you can even buy their exact tracksuits to recreate the look with your own mama. (BRB, texting this idea to my mom right now.)Tory Burch color-block track jacket $165 SHOP ITTory Burch color-block track pants $135 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Summer dresses for DAYS. Every May and December, Nordstrom presents its half-yearly sale, featuring hundreds of discounted clothing, accessories, and shoes. This time around, items are up to 40 percent off (!) from May 23 to June 3. Direct your focus to something other than Harry and Meghan and shop the best of the sale, ahead.  Sea, $435SHOP ITChannel your inner Amal Clooney. Lewit, $159SHOP ITNordstrom Signature, $249SHOP ITMac x Patrickstarrr, $20SHOP ITVince, $117SHOP ITVeronica Beard, $550SHOP ITNordstrom, $50SHOP ITJeremy Scott x Longchamp, $245SHOP ITHerschel, $98SHOP ITRobert Rodriguez, $495SHOP ITThe Great, $385SHOP ITEileen Fisher, $378SHOP ITRag & Bone, $237SHOP ITFrye, $158SHOP ITVeronica Beard, $298SHOP ITOpening Ceremony, $150SHOP ITVince Camuto, $72SHOP ITBaubleBar, $44SHOP ITZella, $39SHOP ITHunter, $104SHOP ITVince, $417SHOP ITKenzo, $325SHOP ITRag & Bone, $285SHOP ITVince, $195SHOP ITEquipment, $131SHOP ITRebecca Minkoff, $195SHOP ITGorjana, $30SHOP ITAlice + Olivia, $264SHOP ITBP, $30SHOP ITGivenchy, $1,267SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Get 'em while they're hot.Net-a-Porter kicked off its bi-annual sale today, meaning all the items you’ve been filing away on your online “wish list” can finally be yours—if the piece hasn’t sold out yet. The luxury e-commerce retailer is offering discounts up to 50 percent (!!) and prices like that only come around once (okay, twice) a year. I, personally, have bookmarked 22 must-have items to shop, which I'm sharing, ahead, because we really don't have a second to lose.The red-and-white stripes on this linen button-down are perfectly patriotic (but not cheesy-patriotic). Hey, it's never too early to start planning your July 4th look.Marques' Almeida, $294 SHOP ITFashion influencers like Camille Charrière love Ganni tees. This one features a whimsical cherry print inlaid with orange flowers for a colorful design. The tee will dress up your plain jeans in no time.Ganni, $48 SHOP ITShow off a fresh pedicure with these pink knotted velvet mules. The tiny block heel provides some comfort and cushion between your feet and the city ground as you walk around.Loeffler Randall, $163 SHOP ITThis picnic basket-inspired bag comes all the way from Paris, so, of course, it's chicer than the average food-toting pouch. Wear it with a white summer dress or a simple tee and denim shorts.Muun, $108 SHOP ITI credit Kendall Jenner for introducing me to the "paperbag trousers" last year, and since then, I've been a fan. This soft denim pair works year-round, so even though they're trendy, they're a smart investment. Stella McCartney, $495 SHOP ITNow's the perfect time to scoop up all the coats and jackets for a fraction of the price. If you're still on the hunt for the perfect piece furry outerwear, look no further than this unique three-toned fuzzy coat.Saks Potts, $785 SHOP ITMarysia's 'Palisades' swimsuit comes in a ruffled style with a plunging v-neckline—sweet and sexy. Wear alone as a one-piece by the pool or styled as a top with denim cutoff shorts.Marysia, $175 SHOP ITIf you're in the mood for a major splurge, this Saint Laurent crossbody bag is a smart investment thanks to the classic logo buckle and timeless silhouette. Saint Laurent, $1,393 SHOP ITMake your top the focal point of your outfit with this Spring' 18 Prada shirt. It features a devil-horned femme comic illustration by Stellar Leuna that represents empowerment.Prada, $468 SHOP ITThese retro-inspired cat-eye sunglasses come with crystal embellishments, drawing the attention to your face. (But if you wish for a more incognito look, the piece is easily detachable.)Jimmy Choo, $297 SHOP ITTrack pants are the more stylish alternative to sweats for when you want to be comfortable, but still presentable. This pair features a cool red side stripe.Maje, $159 SHOP ITThere isn't anything Ulla Johnson designs that I don't love. It's my go-to for bohemian-inspired pieces. Take this pretty ruffled skirt, which you can pair with an off-the-shoulder top or striped shirt for that mixed-pattern look.Ulla Johnson, $240 SHOP ITToss out any flats that have been worn down to the soles and slip on this fresh, lace-up pair from Sam Edelman instead. They'll make any daytime (or even nighttime) outfit feel playful and glamorous. Sam Edelman, $45 SHOP ITStaud is known for its iconic bucket bags, but don't discount the brand's clothes. This cotton-blend poplin piece is the definition of a summer dress you can wear week after week after week.Staud, $167 SHOP ITThere's a reason celebrities such as Margot Robbie and Gigi Hadid are obsessed with this jewelry label: the pieces go with everything in your closet. Pro tip: To properly show off your new hoops, tie your hair up into a messy bun. Jennifer Fisher, $275 SHOP ITIf you have a 9-to-5 job, "work outfits," is the biggest category in your wardrobe. Stay cool and stylish in the warmer months with this three-quarter sleeve silk shirt dress. It'll go well with a pair of ankle boots or heeled sandals.Vince, $232 SHOP ITVirgil Abloh's designs are known for their tongue-in-cheek slogans, and this textured leather, conversation-starting accessory is sure to be your new going-out clutch. Off-White, $298 SHOP ITI love my jean jackets (all five of them), but this summer I'm looking for a slightly different denim style. Enter J.Crew's knee-grazing denim coat, which can be worn with the collar popped and sleeves rolled up.J.Crew, $98 SHOP ITThe little white boot is as versatile as a pair of black flats. These cigarette-lighter pink heels will add that pop of color to all your outfits.Vetements, $592 SHOP ITWhen I see this top, one word comes to mind: summer. The halter-style features a fun orange daisy print that'll bat away all your rainy day blues.Madewell, $49 SHOP ITCard holders are the perfect option when you want to invest in a designer piece without breaking the bank. This pink one from Miu Miu also makes for a fun gift for your BFF or sister—if her birthday happens to be coming up.Miu Miu, $105 SHOP ITYou'll live in this Three J NYC striped pajama set. Why? The brand promises that the cotton-poplin pieces get softer with each wash.Three J NYC, $95 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The bathing suit brand I need in my life right now.You’ve heard of the power woman pantsuit, now it’s time to embrace the power swimsuit. In a new campaign, Swimsuits For All encourages women to evoke the same confidence in a bikini as they would in their work uniforms. And to promote that idea, the online retailer—known for spreading body positive messages—tapped several different faces for their "Power Suit" ads.The diverse group includes curve model Ashely Graham, actress Brook Shields, reality star Angelina Simmons, professional swimmer Pat Gallant Charette, and nurse practitioner Katie Duke. Each woman brings her own unique perspective and persona and, together, they equal a force for shaping the conversation around diversity and size inclusivity.As the ad campaign's images prove, no matter what your age or size might be, you will look freaking great in a swimsuit. See all the empowering photos from the shoot, ahead. Then if you're feeling inspired, shop the exact swimsuits, ranging from sizes 4 to 24.Swimsuits For All pioneer red bikini, $51 SHOP ITSwimsuits For All tankini, $48 SHOP ITSwimsuits For All hipster bikini, $47 SHOP ITAshley Graham x Swimsuits For All swimsuit, $58 SHOP ITAshley Graham x Swimsuits For All white swimsuit, $62 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			That Zara bag is only $80!Jane Birkin put basket bags on the map back in the 1970s, and while the popularity of woven accessories has waxed and waned since, they've recently taken on a new life. This season, designers have updated the textured style, working the wicker or raffia elements into shoes, earrings, and whimsical summer bags. The ever-so-Instagrammable accessories are 2018's must-have trend, meaning it's time to purchase that woven slide you've been eyeing—today. All of our top picks, ahead.These woven circle bags are all over Instagram. Do you want in on the trend? Of course you do. Luckily, Zara offers its version for less than $100.Zara, $80 SHOP ITA neutral summer sandal like this woven mule will save from hours of agonizing over which shoe matches which dress.Schutz, $175 SHOP ITOops, you forgot to paint your toenails? Not to worry, this little white boot provides full coverage, while the tiny holes let your feet breathe.Dolce Vita, $251SHOP ITThis leather-trimmed and flower-printed drawstring bag is a reminder that summer accessories can be functional, versatile, and un-stuffy. Wear it with your favorite dress or simply a T-shirt and jeans.Kate Spade, $267 SHOP ITI'm allergic to cherries, so I'll opt for these fruity Mercedes Salazar earrings instead. They'll add that stylish touch to an otherwise plain outfit.Mercedes Salazar, $130 SHOP ITYour coworkers will do a double-take when you walk by in these woven ruby-colored pumps. Be prepared to share the shopping link in a company-wide email. Miista, $285 SHOP ITThe fanny pack receives a cool update in the form of a woven waist bag. If you're a fashion maven who loves minimalist styles, consider this the IT item of the season.Leith, $35 SHOP ITStrut through the crowd at your next rooftop happy hour in this sunny pair of lace-up espadrilles. The bright marigold hue says "I know how to make the most of summer."Tory Burch, $358 SHOP ITBefore you finish packing for your tropical getaway, you'll want to order this pineapple bag. It'll add a funky, fun feel to all your outfits.Pitusa, $105 SHOP ITThis pair of woven footwear comes with adjustable straps and a 1.5-inch heel—clearly the most comfortable height. They will look great with midi skirts or cropped trousers.Jenna, $85 SHOP ITProtect your hair and face from harmful UV rays with this woven, wide-brimmed straw hat. It'll provide ample shade and even ampler (oh, it's a word) style as you walk down the streets of your next vacation destination.Brixton, $44 SHOP ITSwap your neutral-colored footwear for this pair of technicolor slides by Loeffler Randall. The textured fabric adds enough edge taht no one will think you left the house in your slippers.Loeffler Randall, $295 SHOP ITI'm already counting all the ways I can wear this woven sneaker. Here's two: peeking out from underneath a white maxi dress or styled with a pair of Everlane's denim shorts.Joie, $258 SHOP ITYou'll wear these Topshop mules down to the soles because they come in such a versatile color. We know, white isn't very practical for city-dwellers, but the uber-chic style is worth the risk. Topshop, $68 SHOP ITAs soon as you've submitted your time off request, make it official with this "Off Duty," tote. No one will dare bother you as you sip on that mojito poolside. Rebecca Minkoff, $195 SHOP ITThese "Akumal" woven pool slides are named after a Mexican town known for its pristine white sand beaches. Wear them on your next island vacation or around the city as comfy, errand-running-yet-still-fashion-forward shoes.Kaanas, $77 SHOP ITCinch in a billowy dress with this woven belt. The white-and-black pattern makes it easy to match with any piece in your wardrobe.Zara, $26 SHOP ITBlink and you might miss the woven element in this double-knot sandal as your most stylish friend walks by. Dolce Vita expertly incorporates the design in the heel and complements the beachy look with striped knots.Dolce Vita, $120 SHOP ITI'll take this taco-shaped woven clutch on the side with two margaritas, please. Cute-as-can-be regardless, the pom-pom embellishments really give add some extra flavor.Whistles, $70 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Don't worry, Queen Elizabeth, it was still modest.Meghan Markle made her first official appearance today since tying the knot with Prince Harry. The event: a celebration honoring Prince Charles' 70th birthday. For the special occasion, the Duchess of Sussex wore a rose-colored dress with sheer sleeves and a matching pale pink Philip Treacy fascinator.The wool-crepe "Flavia" dress with its paneled bodice and pencil-style skirt spoke to Meghan's classic and elegant style. The silk-chiffon number featured sheer sleeves with raw edges. It came from the label Goat, a brand Meghan has worn on several occasions.She accessorized with a clutch of the same rose color from Wilbur & Gussie and beige Tamara Mellon pumps. Meghan also appears to have adopted the royal dress code now that she's officially part of the family. After making headlines for not wearing tights earlier in the year, Meghan added a pair of neutral-colored stockings underneath her dress.As far as first appearances go post-wedding, Meghan nailed it with her soft, feminine pieces. Shop her exact dress below, while it's still available.Goat, $450 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Adorable! Scandalous!When it comes to dressing for public events, the royal family follows a strict dress code. Even the youngest members, including Prince George, abide by certain rules and there’s one that may surprise you. According to a longtime British tradition amongst royals, boys under the age of eight have to wear shorts, even in the winter time (!!!).There was one small exception, however, to this traditional rule. For uncle Harry's wedding, Prince George was allowed to wear long, black pants for the first time in public. The 4-year-old wore a pair of custom-made black Dege & Skinner pants and a miniature version of the Blues and Royals coat that his uncle and dad, Prince William, wore to the wedding ceremony. Prince George, undoubtedly, looked quite dapper as a pageboy at the royal wedding. And the fact he wore pants, well, let's call it a huge moment in his young life. While it's likely he'll be back in shorts for the next four years (Prince George turns eight on July 22 2021), at least we were blessed with this major moment at the royal wedding.Read on for some of Prince George's best shorts moments as this little royal can rock it like no one else can.Prince George's first day of school in 2017:Prince George on a royal tour of Poland and Germany in 2017:Prince George at Pippa Middleton's wedding in 2017:Prince George's official Christmas picture in 2014: 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			BRB, taking a mid-afternoon break to shop.Have your credit card out and ready because Everlane just launched its first ever denim shorts and skirts. The sustainable fashion company introduced skirts in four different color ways: bone, black, light blue, and indigo rise while the shorts come in: dark blue, bone, black, and light blue. The denim are all ethically sourced, a plus for environmentally-conscious shoppers, and retails for $58 a piece. (Not bad, not bad you're probably thinking.)This latest launch comes after Everlane's release of this summer's must-have wrap dress. And like most of the brand's summer staples, the denim pieces speak to your minimalist lover's soul. Before the shorts and skirts completely sell out, shop my favorite picks below.Everlane the denim skirt in dark indigo rinse, $58 SHOP ITEverlane the denim short in vintage light blue, $58 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The bride gave jewelry to all her besties and her new sister-in-law as a thank you on her wedding day.Meghan Markle’s wedding will go down in history as one of the most exciting days in 2018 ever. To mark the special occasion, Meghan gifted her six best friends and sister-in-law Kate Middleton with a momento: a beautiful gold disc bracelet. According to People, Meghan approved of and bought the bespoke design from jewelry brand Zofia Day. “It’s a really simple, elegant piece that’s just very true to her personal style,” said Lisette Polny, the brand’s founder.The minimalist bracelet, appropriately named "Kensington," retails for $450 and was reportedly given to Meghan's new family member, Kate, and friends including Benita Litt and Jessica Mulroney, whose children were part of the bridesmaids crew on Saturday. Even though Meghan didn't include the adult women in her bridal party, it's clear she wanted them to know that she appreciated their presence and support on the big day.Certainly they all turned to each other as they received the jewelry and had a moment like this:Polny also created two necklaces for Meghan's two goddaughters and bridesmaids, Rylan and Remi Litt: the Windsor Heart Pendant Necklace and the Charlotte Bow Necklace. These sentimental pieces are not only precious, but also show Meghan's thoughtful, giving side—qualities a true royal embodies. Even though the jewels were custom-created, you can own a matching version. Shop the exact pieces, below.Zofia Day kensington bracelet, $450 SHOP ITZofia Day windsor heart pendant necklace, $675 SHOP ITZofia Day charlotte bow necklace, $950 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			This is the sweetest—and chicest—tribute to the late royal.Throughout their royal wedding, Meghan Markle and Prince Harry have found little ways to honor Princess Diana. Whether that was through Meghan's floral bouquet (it contained white garden roses, Diana's favorite) or at the ceremony itself (a seat was left open in front of Prince Phillip and next to Prince William), the duo made sure to keep Princess Diana's spirit alive.Meghan went a step further to honor the late royal at the evening reception when she stepped out in a white Stella McCartney gown. Meghan waved as she headed to Frogmore House, and we spotted a glowing blue ring on her finger. The sparkler once belong to Princess Diana. Princess Diana wore the same ring to an auction back in 1997. It makes sense that the Duchess of Sussex decided to wear a piece of jewelry belonging to Harry's mum. Meghan's engagement ring from Prince Harry, after all, contains diamonds from Princess Diana's personal collection. And, the aquamarine diamond added a pop of color to Meghan's stark-white reception dress. Stunning.Follow along here as we report on the royal wedding in real-time—from the dress to the tiara to Harry and Meghan's most adorable moments.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			They changed into red carpet-worthy looks for the party.Now that the royal wedding church service is over, it’s time to party. Stars (and royals) are now attending the evening reception to celebrate Prince Harry and Meghan Markle. Meghan has changed into a jaw-dropping Stella McCartney number (see it right here). And the guests have ditched their proper attires and fascinators for more red carpet-worthy dresses and beaded ensembles. Serena Williams and Priyanka Chopra were the first to share their looks, though we know there will be more. As for Meghan herself? She wore an elegant silk crepe Stella McCartney halter dress with Aquazzura heels to the reception. See all the outfit changes so far, ahead.The tennis star changed into a Pierpaolo Piccioli for Valentino dress and Bulgari jewels. Earlier in the day, Serena wore a pretty in pink look by Atelier Versace to the ceremony.After wearing a purple Vivienne Westwood ensemble and Phillips Tracey fascinator, the Bollywood star ditched her polish outfit for a fun, beaded dress by Dior.Follow along here as we report on the royal wedding in real-time—from the dress to the tiara to Harry and Meghan's most adorable moments.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The bride changed into a white halter gown for the evening reception. Cue round two of the dress. Earlier today, Meghan Markle wore a boatneck long-sleeve wedding gown designed by Givenchy for her and Prince Harry's wedding ceremony. Afterwards, she changed into a bespoke lily white high-neck Stella McCartney gown for the evening reception at Frogmore House hosted by Prince Charles. According to a press release from the palace, Meghan is wearing shoes from Aquazzura (as we predicted) made in silky satin, with nude mesh and soles painted in baby blue. The pair look STUNNING if we do say so ourselves. Harry could be mistaken for James Bond in that tux. And Meghan is effortlessly chic, like a Bond girl, but more egalitarian.The socially conscious newlyweds are driving to the reception in an electric Jaguar E-Type Concept Zero.The Duke and Duchess of Sussex depart Windsor Castle for a reception hosted by The Prince of Wales at Frogmore House, in a silver blue Jaguar E-Type Concept Zero. This vehicle was originally manufactured in 1968, and has since been converted to electric power #RoyalWedding pic.twitter.com/hRrxEUlFlJHere, Prince Harry, ever the gentleman, helps his new wife into the classic sports car for their ride:Harry and his new wife Meghan have left Windsor Castle in an open-top classic sports car for their evening wedding reception at Frogmore House on the Windsor estate. #Royalweddinghttps://t.co/GAseHO3pHC pic.twitter.com/xdq3kMdc2YHere, they wave to their fans before they drive away:The Duke and Duchess of Sussex will now attend an evening reception, which is being hosted by The Prince of Wales. #RoyalWedding pic.twitter.com/Eod144lsLcMeghan switched her hair from an elegant chignon (sure to be the go-to bridal hair style for years to come) into a tight bun with face-framing layers—more appropriate for dancing—styled by George Northwood.The new Duchess of Sussex is also expected to give a speech tonight, just another way the modern couple is breaking with royal tradition. MarieClaire.com's exclusive royal wedding expert, Caroline Castigliano, originally predicted Meghan would choose "something quite slinky and sparkly—perhaps with little shoestring straps and a very low back, showing her figure. I think it'll be a really shimmering, beautiful evening dress that's quite sensual in its style." With the exception of shimmering, Castigliano was spot-on.Though we won't get to see any pictures of Meghan and Harry inside the evening reception, you can hold yourself over by staring at all of the gorgeous pictures of Meghan in her ceremony gown below.Follow along here as we report on the royal wedding in real-time—from the dress to the tiara to Harry and Meghan's most adorable moments.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			British designer Clare Waight Keller of Givenchy created it.Update 5/19: Today, Meghan Markle finally said "I will" to Prince Harry at St George's Chapel inside the grounds of Windsor Castle. The bride arrived to the church in a 1950s Rolls Royce and stepped out in a gorgeous, boatneck wedding dress. British designer Clare Waight Keller created the (soon-to-be iconic) Givenchy gown as well as Meghan's ethereal veil. The headpiece featured an embroidered flower from every commonwealth county and was held in place by The Queen Mary Tiara. Meanwhile, Prince Harry wore his uniform (and beard!) with permission from the Queen. Both their wedding rings were made by Cleave and Company. Meghan's ring was fashioned from a piece of Welsh gold, which was gifted to her by the Queen. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex could not look any happier than they did on May 19. (The proof is in the pictures, below.)Original post 5/10: If you can't wait to see the dress Meghan Markle will say "I do" in, you're about to be even more excited—Kensington Palace has confirmed that Meghan will be wearing not one, but two dresses on her royal wedding day.According to Daily Mail royal reporter Rebecca English, we'll get a look at Meghan's second dress briefly before the newlyweds head to the evening reception hosted by Prince Charles. "We will also see her evening grown when she leaves Windsor at 7 p.m. for Frogmore," she tweeted.We will catch a first glimpse of Meghan’s dress as she approaches the chapel in a car with her mother. Full view as she gets out. We will also see her evening grown when she leaves Windsor at 7pm for Frogmore. #royalweddingSo, what about her main gown? For starters, Meghan reportedly cried when she first saw it. And tbh, we probably will, too. Fans gathered at Windsor and watching from home will get a first glimpse of the dress as Meghan approaches Windsor Castle with her mother in a car, bridesmaids and page boys in tow. After the ceremony, the couple will proceed to the royal procession where we'll get a better view and officially see Harry and Meghan as a married couple. Since Kensington Palace plans to keep the dress details and designer top secret until Meghan exits the car, MarieClaire.com's exclusive royal wedding expert and bridal designer Caroline Castigliano gave us some insight as to what we might see her wearing on May 19. Castigliano says it's likely Meghan has chosen something a little less traditional than her future sister-in-law did, though this doesn't come as a surprise. Still, the Queen has to give her gown the final approval, just like she did for Meghan and Harry's engagement. Castigliano sketched a beautiful design of what we might expect to see Meghan walk down the aisle in on May 19. Of course, it's stunning—and we can only hope Meghan's dress will look something like this. As for the designer? Castigliano definitely thinks Meghan will go with a British one, though the second reception dress could be a total surprise. Rumors have recently surfaced that Meghan's gown will be designed by Ralph & Russo, the British brand she wore in her engagement portraits. Royal experts also think Erdem is a top contender due to a sudden change in internal staffing.  Thank you so much for all of the wonderful comments following the release of Prince Harry and Ms. Meghan Markle's engagement photographs. The couple are so grateful for the warm and generous messages they have received during such a happy time in their lives. As a way to say thank you, they have decided to share this candid photograph from the day of their portrait sittings directly with all of you.A post shared by  Kensington Palace (@kensingtonroyal) on Dec 21, 2017 at 6:00am PSTCastigliano revealed that the strict rules Meghan has to follow for her ceremony gown likely won't apply to her dress for the evening reception. This means we could see Meghan in a completely different look than ever before. Follow along here as we report on the royal wedding in real-time—from the dress to the tiara to Harry and Meghan's most adorable moments.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			So! Many! Fascinators!Meghan Markle and Prince Harry officially tied the knot at St. George's Chapel, Windsor Castle. As the guests arrived, their outfits were (unsurprisingly!) a chic mix of American and British tradition. From over-the-top fascinators to springtime florals, see the best-dressed royal wedding guests ahead. Mulligan in ErdemIn Oscar de la RentaIn custom Stella McCartney and Gianvito Rossi shoes In Stella McCartneyKate in Alexander McQueen by Sarah BurtonIn Atelier Versace		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			A classic look.Update 5/19: Meghan Markle gave off Audrey Hepburn vibes on her wedding day. The (now) Duchess of Sussex wore a Clare Waight Keller for Givenchy haute couture wedding dress and veil from the fashion house. The gown featured a boatneck style, long sleeves, and a slightly flared hem. She then accessorized with Cartier earrings and The Queen Mary Tiara. Though her dress draped to the floor and covered her shoes, when Meghan appeared on the church steps we received a quick glimpse of the heels. The white satin pumps looked comfy and were reportedly based "on a Givenchy refined pointed couture design made of a silk duchess satin." However, the exact designer has yet to be confirmed.Original post 5/9: The best part about Meghan Markle's wedding day on May 19? She'll be wearing not one but two dresses, which means double the shoes. Markle has favored brands like Sarah Flint, which she wore to the special Anzac Day service, and the iconic Manolo Blahnik that she wears frequently, like to celebrate the Queen's birthday, attend the Invictus Games reception, celebrate Commonwealth Day, visit Birmingham on International Women's Day, and more. Markle loves her Manolo's.Markle also loves her velvet Jimmy Choo's, which she's worn for a day of engagements in Belfast, the suede cut-out Aquazzura pumps that she wore to the Women's Empowerment reception in April, and another pair (this time with a chic, thick ankle strap) she wore to her first royal event with Harry, William, and Kate at the Royal Foundation Forum. The Meghan Markle effect—i.e. the immediate sellout of anything she wears—continued with the shoe brand Tamara Mellon after Markle wore the brand's suede heels with a buckle closure to meet young delegates at the Commonwealth Youth Forum. So, what footwear will Markle choose for her big day? All signs point to a pair of Manolo's accompanying her sure-to-be gorgeous wedding gown (which MarieClaire.com royal wedding expert and bridal designer Caroline Castigliano sketched out below—we hope it looks just like this!). The only reason it may not be the Manolo's is if Meghan decides to follow in the footstep's of her future-sister-in-law, Kate Middleton, and wear a pair by the same designer of her wedding dress. Middleton's bridal shoes were designed by Sarah Burton for Alexander McQueen to match her dress. Blahnik doesn't design wedding dresses, therefore the brand would be ruled out.As for the style of the shoe? "She has to be comfortable, right? There's nothing worse than being incredibly uncomfortable on an occasion like this. I'm sure she'll have a simple, closed-toe court shoe," says Castigliano. (Fun fact: "Court shoe" is how the Brits refer to "pumps.") "She needs to be taking in the whole experience and not worrying about her feet."Although it will be hard to catch a glimpse of Markle's footwear underneath her (likely) voluminous gown, we'll be watching intently as she walks down the aisle to see if she goes with our prediction: Manolo's, naturally. At the evening reception, it should be easier to spot her shoes (since Castigliano thinks she'll go with something "slinky" and "more her personal style"), and we're pretty sure what you'll see is a fun strappy, velvet pump like the Aquazzura pair below that she wore when she and Harry announced their engagement. They're sold out everywhere, btw. Hence, the Meghan Markle effect.Until May 19. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			A required accessory for invitees.Guests who attended Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's wedding wore some of the wildest hats and fascinators we've ever seen. It's custom for ladies to wear decorative hats to a royal wedding, and they are even encouraged to leave them on in the church. From Victoria Beckham's black hat to Oprah's pink fascinator, see every single hat worn by guests for Meghan and Harry's special day, ahead.Follow along here as we report on the royal wedding in real-time—from the dress to the tiara to Harry and Meghan's most adorable moments.In VersaceIn bespoke Stella McCartney and Stephen Jones head dressIn an Alexander McQueen coat, Philip Treacy, and Jimmy Choo shoesIn a Vivienne Westwood ensemble, Philip Treacy hat, and Lorraine Schwartz jewelsIn a Stuart Parvin ensemble and Angela Kelly hatIn bespoke Stella McCartneyIn a Victoria Beckham dressIn Lanvin 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Oh, you don't have a custom Givenchy gown waiting for you back at your palace?Meghan Markle's wedding dress is officially the look most coveted by brides-to-be now that she and Prince Harry have officially wed at St. George's Chapel. With its gorgeous boatneck style and long-sleeves accompanied by a 16.5 ft. veil, how could it not be? Since we all can't be lucky enough to receive a custom Givenchy dress, here are a few similar options to make you feel every bit of a princess  duchess on your big day.BHLDN, $900SHOP ITOleg Cassini, $700SHOP ITRoland Mouret, $4,175SHOP ITBHLDN, $1,200SHOP ITBHLDN, $780SHOP ITDavid's Bridal Collection, $349SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			In a delightful twist, Clare Waight Keller for Givenchy designed Meghan Markle's royal wedding dress, which was sleek, minimal, and fashioned from matte silk cady with a boatneck and only six seams, according to Kensington palace. There's another fashion icon who loved the insanely timeless designs from Givenchy: None other than Audrey Hepburn. The Belgian-born actress famously wore a Givenchy wedding gown in Funny Face in 1957.Both dresses don't have a stitch of lace, and each has a straight, bateau neck. Markle's, of course, is, three-quarter sleeve, not tea-length and not outfitted with a fluffy ballgown skirt. But still! Really similar, right?Hubert de Givenchy passed away earlier this year after a lifelong relationship with his muse, Audrey Hepburn. Although he didn't design her dress for any of her real-life weddings, there's no doubt his clean and simple aesthetic made an indelible influence. Her Givenchy-like taste can particularly be seen her first wedding dress by Zoe Fontana, which she never ended up wearing down the aisle. Her engagement to James Hanson ended in 1952.Hepburn ended up donating that dress, telling the Fontana sisters, "I want my dress to be worn by another girl for her wedding, perhaps someone who couldn't ever afford a dress like mine, the most beautiful, poor Italian girl you can find."She wore a long-sleeve dress by Pierre Balmain to marry Mel Ferrer in 1954:And a more casual dress for her wedding to Andrea Dotti in 1969.Follow along here as we report on the royal wedding in real-time—from the dress to the tiara to Harry and Meghan's most adorable moments.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She has very specific taste.Update 5/19: Meghan Markle wore a pair of Cartier diamond earrings and The Queen Mary Tiara on her wedding day. According to a statement released by Kensington Palace, the diamond and platinum accessory was made in 1932. It was formed as a flexible band of 11 sections, pierced with interlaced ovals and pavé set with large and small brilliant diamonds.Of course, she's also now wearing her wedding band. The ring is made of  Welsh gold, crafted from a piece of gold gifted by the Queen, herself. According to royal correspondent Rebecca English, Cleave and Company have made both her ring and Harry's.Original post 4/13: When Meghan Markle marries Prince Harry on May 19, her wedding gown will likely be accessorized with a Welsh gold wedding band—a tradition passed down through several generations of British royalty. The Queen Mother, Queen Elizabeth II, Princess Margaret (the Queen's sister), Princess Anne (the Queen's daughter), Princess Diana, and Kate Middleton all had Welsh gold wedding rings. But when it comes to the rest of Markle's wedding-day accessories, her other pieces of jewelry are a lot more unpredictable than the ring. A diamond necklace, a bracelet, a hair clip? The possibilities are endless!During public events with Harry throughout the past year, Meghan has often chosen dainty gold earrings, necklaces, and bracelets to match her belted coats and turtlenecks. She rarely wears silver jewelry, which makes it even more likely she'll follow suit with royal tradition and choose a Welsh gold band—along with the accessories to match it, of course. In 2011, Kate Middleton's gorgeous lace detailing on her wedding gown made statement accessories like a bracelet and necklace unnecessary. Instead, Middleton chose to wear the Cartier Halo tiara passed down from Queen Elizabeth II and $20,000 custom-made Robinson Pelham diamond earrings. In 1981, Princess Diana wore the Cambridge Lovers’ Knot Tiara—also passed down from Queen Elizabeth II—and chose not to wear a necklace or bracelet either. Her dress was dramatic enough with its puff sleeves that embodied an antique Victorian-style era. She did, however, wear pear-shaped earrings owned by her mother.If Markle chooses to follow in the footsteps of her soon-to-be sister-in-law and late mother-in-law, we'll only be seeing a tiara and earrings as the main accessories on her wedding day. While Markle's typically understated jewelry is definitely not in the royal wedding vocabulary, we have seen Markle's taste in accessories evolve since she and Harry went public with their relationship. Back in her Instagram days, Markle was seen wearing this Baublebar crystal leaf ring. Recently, she's been playing around with different yet still subtle  styles—from $498 Adina Reyter yellow-gold diamond curve earrings to $90 Isabel Marant gold hoops (shop similar here) to $1,495 Birks stackable yellow-gold rings. She consistently chooses gold accents. The one that she would most likely replicate on her wedding day, however, are the Birks white gold snowflake round jacket earrings that retail for $5,995. (Not exactly Markle's style.) The main reason? Unlike the other pieces, these were worn during an official royal event with the Queen at Christmas Day church service in Sandringham. Plus, they're considerably more expensive and traditional-looking, which seems to be a major theme with royal wedding jewelry. Only 38 days until we know for sure what Markle will choose. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			And how it compares to her sister-in-law Kate Middleton's. Perhaps more beautiful than Meghan Markle's wedding dress is the jewelry she chose to accessorize it with. Meghan wore a simple but classic pair of Cartier earrings. The silver jewelry was a departure from her preference for gold stacked rings. But just like we predicted, Meghan's wedding ring was fashioned from a piece of Welsh gold, gifted by The Queen.There's a good reason for the minimalist choice in jewels, however, and that was to let her wedding tiara shine. According to a statement released by Kensington Palace via Twitter, Meghan wore The Queen Mary Tiara. The diamond and platinum accessory was made in 1932 and the center was set with a detachable brooch of ten brilliant diamonds.On Kate Middleton's wedding day in 2011, Kate wore the Cartier Halo tiara passed down from Queen Elizabeth II along with $20,000 custom-made Robinson Pelham diamond earrings. Like Middleton, Princess Diana didn't wear a necklace or bracelet either on her wedding day in 1981. Meghan also followed suit as a necklace would have distracted from her boatneck style Givenchy wedding gown.Follow along here as we report on the royal wedding in real-time—from the dress to the tiara to Harry and Meghan's most adorable moments.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You could easily pick her out of the crowd.It wouldn't be a royal wedding without the Queen—after all, this day wouldn't be happening without Her Majesty's formal consent. And while all eyes are on Meghan Markle's wedding dress, we couldn't help but obsess over Her Majesty's brightly colored outfit. As predicted by bookmakers, Queen Elizabeth II wore a vibrant, lime green dress designed by Stewart Parvin with a matching neon green coat and hat, which is by Angela Kelly, decked out with purple flowers around the rim.At Kate Middleton and Prince William's wedding in 2011, Queen Elizabeth wore a primrose yellow dress, designed by an in-house team led by her personal assistant Angela Kelly. The dress was made from crepe wool and hand-stitched with beads to look like sun-rays around her neckline. She completed the look with a matching primrose-colored jacket and hat, which was made with handmade silk roses and apricot leaves. The iconic outfit she wore to Westminster Abbey that day was displayed in an exhibit at Buckingham Palace. If you haven't noticed, the Queen is always wearing neon colors, but for a good reason. She wants people in the crowd to be able to spot her from wherever they're standing. And though people are mostly there to see Meghan and Harry today, of course, you'd want to be able to say you saw the Queen, too! Follow along here as we report on the royal wedding in real-time—from the dress to the tiara to Harry and Meghan's most adorable moments.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Clare Waight Keller of Givenchy designed the boatneck style gown.After months of anticipation, we finally know who Meghan chose to design her wedding dress: British designer Clare Waight Keller of Givenchy. The French fashion house revealed the once top-secret news in the following statement via Twitter:MarieClaire.com's exclusive royal wedding expert Caroline Castigliano predicted that Meghan would choose a British designer (and she did, sort of). It was originally reported that Ralph & Russo and Erdem were top contenders, but Meghan chose a French fashion house led by a British designer to create her boatneck style gown instead. Her sister-in-law Kate Middleton chose Sarah Burton for Alexander McQueen when she married Prince William in 2011.Castigliano predicts that Meghan has chosen an American designer for the second dress she'll wear during the evening reception at Frogmore House that's hosted by Prince Harry's father, Prince Charles. "For the evening party, I'm sure she'll change into something that's much more her personal style," says Castigliano. "For that, I think it would be really nice if she wore an American designer."Follow along here as we report on the royal wedding in real-time—from the dress to the tiara to Harry and Meghan's most adorable moments.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She was the first one to see Meghan in her dress!Meghan Markle's amazing style clearly runs in the family. Meghan's mom, Doria Ragland, wore a pastel green dress with embroidered white flowers and a matching top coat for her daughter's wedding at Windsor Castle today. Of course, she was in tears!Her mom's in tears already! Mehn God bless Meghan! #RoyalWedding pic.twitter.com/X6lTuSMCd0Earlier this week, Ragland flew to the U.K. from Los Angeles to be by her daughter's side. She was spotted carrying a Burberry garment bag on her way to the airport, but here she is wearing Oscar de la Renta designed by Fernando Garcia and Laura Kim. Perhaps she'll wear Burberry to the evening reception?Follow along here as we report on the royal wedding in real-time—from the dress to the tiara to Harry and Meghan's most adorable moments.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			We can already tells she looks stunning!Meghan Markle is en route to her wedding! The bride is wearing her hair in an updo and her gown includes what looks like a boat neck. She's traveling 25 minutes to Windsor Castle from the Cliveden House Hotel in Windsor with her mother, Doria Ragland. Sarah Hewson of SkyNews caught this great shot of the Duchess of Sussex en route:All the guests have already arrived, and brought their A-game when it came to their own outfits and fascinators. Follow along here as we report on the royal wedding in real-time—from the dress to the tiara to Harry and Meghan's most adorable moments.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Just a zillion pictures of the bride in her Givenchy gown.It feels like we've waited a zillion years to see Meghan Markle's wedding dress. But it was worth it: Meghan Markle wore a stunning Givenchy dress to marry Prince Harry. Unlike her sister-in-law Kate Middleton who chose a lace long-sleeve gown by Alexander McQueen, Meghan picked a boat neck neckline that showed off her shoulders. And since you waited a zillion years for this moment, here are approximately a zillion photo of the Duchess of Sussex in her stunning dress, for your enjoyment. (You can also follow along here as we report on the royal wedding in real-time—from the dress to the tiara to Harry and Meghan's most adorable moments.)		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She's one of Meghan Markle's BFFs!Meghan Markle is about to say "I do," to Prince Harry and all her best friends will get a front row view, including Priyanka Chopra, one of Meghan Markle's dearest friends.The actress attended the wedding in an all-purple ensemble by Vivienne Westwood and looked absolutely radiant in her Lorraine Schwartz jewels. Priyanka revealed on her Instagram story that her hat was by none other than famous Irish milliner Philip Treacy. Like all the guests, Priyanka even matched her fascinator to her dress for that royal monochrome look. There's no doubt she's one of the best-dressed celebrities there.Follow along here as we report on the royal wedding in real-time—from the dress to the tiara to Harry and Meghan's most adorable moments.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She wore a a floral print green dress by The Fold.Pippa Middleton, the Duchess of Cambridge's sister, looked absolutely incredible at Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's wedding. The 34-year-old wore a floral mint green dress by British label The Fold and earrings by British jeweler Robinson Pelham.The dress featured a softly pleated skirt and is made from pure Italian silk with a delicate floral print inspired by chinoiserie. The artwork was exclusively painted in Italy for The Fold. She wore a hat by milliner Jess Collett, who has also designed Headwear for the Duchess of York. Pippa is expecting her first child with husband James Matthews. You can't see her baby bump quite yet, but she's reportedly about three months pregnant. (This means her baby and Kate and William's third child, Prince Louis, will be less than a year apart.) Here's hoping for a shot of Kate, Pippa, and Megan together. Follow along here as we report on the royal wedding in real-time—from the dress to the tiara to Harry and Meghan's most adorable moments.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The sophisticated piece was from Roland Mouret.After wearing a white bodysuit to her royal wedding rehearsal, Meghan Markle stepped out in a fancy navy dress today. The sophisticated number was appropriate given she had just come back with her mother, Doria Ragland, from having tea with the queen. For the occasion, Meghan picked a Roland Mouret dress that had an off-the-shoulder fit and pleated ruffle details on the front. It fell just below her knees and Meghan completed the look with a pair of neutral gray pumps. Doria matched her daughter in stiletto heels, but kept her outfit casual with a black cardigan and cream-colored dress.Meghan's exact designer dress is selling out fast, so grab yours for the next tea party you're invited to. Or, in a more likely scenario, wear the dress to a summer wedding.Roland Mouret navy dress, $2,165 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			And you can get it for yourself right here.Yesterday, Kate Middleton made her first public appearance (inside a car, but we’ll take it) since leaving the hospital with Prince Louis on her way to Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s wedding rehearsal at Windsor Castle. While Meghan wore a white bodysuit to the rehearsal, Kate arrived in a spring time dress from Michael Kors. Since you can't make out the full outfit from that paparazzi snap, we tracked down Kate’s exact floral shirtdress online for a better view. And, bless up, there are still a few sizes in stock.Michael Michael Kors shirtdress, $175 SHOP ITThe designer piece hits right below the knees (suitable for Kate since she takes a modest approach to royal fashion) and features billowy long sleeves. The colorful carnation print was a mix of red, pink, navy, and white hues while the dress’s material was made from lightweight crepe. For the final touches, Kate shielded her eyes with a pair of Givenchy sunglasses.Tomorrow, the Duchess of Cambridge is set to arrive around 6:20 a.m. EST to the royal wedding. Based off her past stylish ensembles, we know Kate's wedding guest look will be absolutely gorgeous.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			That dress is from Zara? Purchasing.You no longer have to ask your best friend where she bought that cute dress, then go home, search for it online, and order it. Now, you can simply point your phone at her and Google will do it all for you. The internet behemoth just released a new app, as part of Google Lens, that makes it easy to identify the items people are wearing and shop them in real time.Here's how the app, Style Match, works: If you see an item you like, open the app and point your phone's camera at the piece clothing. Google will then pull up the same exact piece or similar pieces for purchase through Google Shopping. Sounds easy enough, right? (In more technical jargon, the app works in real-time by using image-recognition technology, and is the first of its kind to have that function built into the camera.)Plus, before you purchase that stylish pair of shoes your friend is rocking, you can also read reviews for it. Style Match also works on home decor—if you happen to want your friend's coffee table, too.The Google Lens app is only available on Android phones and Google Assistant, so for iPhone users like myself, we're out of luck at the moment. Dammit. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Oh yes, there were definitely sheer gowns.The 2018 Cannes Film Festival wraps up on Saturday, so celebrities are bringing out their very best looks for the final festivities. For the amfAR gala on Thursday, stars like Kristen Stewart and Elsa Hosk wore their most glamorous designer pieces. Other celebrities opted for sheer, sexy dresses—a style we’ve seen repeatedly on the Cannes red carpet. In case you missed any of the looks from the event, catch up, ahead.In Ermanno Scervino In Zuhair Murad In Nicholas JebranIn Zuhair Murad In Rosacha In a Romona Keveza Collection dressIn David KomaIn Magda ButrymIn ChanelIn The RowIn Georges Hobeika CoutureIn Julien MacdonaldIn Elie Saab, Chopard jewelry In a Roberto Cavalli Couture dress, Giuseppe Zanotti shoes		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Last week, Rihanna released her first line of lingerie, Savage X Fenty, which included a wide range of sizes, colors, and styles (that will be getting even more inclusive!). The collection was—if the three-hour waits to purchase are any indication—a huge hit with fans. The line has seven different shades of nude undies (special thanks to Rihanna for calling them "undies" instead of "panties"), which makes the Savage X Fenty collection markedly more inclusive than many other underwear lines offering neutrals.But just how nude are the nudes? We asked eight women to test out the underwear to determine if they could find their true shade among RiRi's options—and share their thoughts on the lingerie line while they're at it."I love the inclusivity of this entire line and the sexiness and sleekness of these. They match my skin perfectly."Savage X Fenty Microfiber Hipster, $16.50 SHOP"These are so cute and they’re so comfortable; It’s the perfect cheeky thong."Savage X Fenty Lace Cheeky, $18.50 SHOP"I’m going to wear this every single day.  I’ve never had a pair of underwear that matches my skin tone."Savage X Fenty Lace Cheeky, $18.50 SHOPSavage X Fenty High-Waist Microfiber Brief, $16.50 SHOP"It has a more reddish undertone instead of plain beige, which is kind of flat looking."Savage X Fenty Microfiber Hipster, $16.50 SHOP"This means I could wear white dresses without a problem."Savage X Fenty Lace Cheeky, $18.50 SHOP"I like the range of the tones, especially the way they’re made. When you wear them with jeans, they won’t show. I like the material."Savage X Fenty Lace Cheeky, $18.50 SHOP"Nude is just something every girl should have in her closet. It passes the nude test—you can’t see it anywhere."Savage X Fenty Lace Cheeky, $18.50 SHOP"I’m really redefining my definition of nude. I’m going to have to go home and toss out everything I considered “nude” because clearly that was not nude, this is nude."Savage X Fenty Lace Cheeky, $18.50 SHOP		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Questions that need answers.Last year, the jeans world released some questionable styles, from mud-splattered jeans to clear plastic pants. Just when you thought you’ve seen it all, however, Fashion Nova, a retailer endorsed by celebs like Kylie Jenner and Cardi B, created a pair of jeans held together by studded garter straps.What does that mean, you wonder? Well:The top portion looks like high-waisted shorts while the bottom features zip-up details. Both pieces are held together by straps that attach to a ring on the shorts. Fashion Nova named this baby "So Good to be Bad Skinny Jeans." I'm not sure where one would wear these (perhaps in a music video?), but if you are a fan, you can purchase the jeans for $55.Before you make that decision though, you have to see the bottoms from every angle.And lastly, a side by side of the front and the back for your viewing...pleasure?		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The best spot in the house, TBH.I’m the self-proclaimed grandma of my friend group. Most Saturday nights I'd rather stay at home on my couch, under a blanket, than venture out to bars. (And if there happens to be a Law and Order: SVU marathon on TV, you definitely won’t see me out.) Lounging around is the best feeling ever. And now, you can do it in both comfort and style. Browse through our favorite cozy "couch outfits," then shop the exact pieces. Warning: You may end up canceling all your weekend plans.Serious question: Who doesn't love luxuriously silky sleepwear? Tap into your feminine side with this pink cami and floral printed shorts. Should you get a little chilly from your cranked-up AC, throw on a classic wool cardigan and ribbed socks.Zara cardigan, $50SHOP ITCami NYC pink camisole, $155SHOP ITEberjay veranda shorts, $58SHOP ITJ.Crew ankle socks, $12SHOP ITAthleisure as we know it entered our lives in 2014 (thank you Beyoncé and Ivy Park) and never left. Easily master the style in as little as three pieces: sweatpants, a cropped hoodie, and a basic tee.Adidas x Alexander Wang jogger pants, $150SHOP ITRe/Done cropped hoodie, $220SHOP ITH&M short tee, $10SHOP ITAs the saying goes, one can never have too many socks. (Is that a saying? Well I just said it, so there.) Especially, if the pair you're eyeing is from Gucci. The stripes on this luxe piece match perfectly with the design on the sweater dress. Just because you're not venturing outside, doesn't mean you can't be put-together.The Upside sweater dress, $153SHOP ITGucci socks, $95SHOP ITMy favorite type of outfit: the kind you just throw on and go. Tracksuit sets have gotten an upgrade (fresh colors and styles) since the velour-loving crowd made them a staple of the early aughts. If you still prefer that material, Danielle Guizio makes a great two-piece.Puma snapback, $10SHOP ITDanielle Guizio tracksuit, $423SHOP ITThe sweater-with-leggings is a tried-and-true combination I will always swear by. Feel even cozier (and sexier—yes, that's possible) by skipping the underwire bra in favor of a delicate, lace bralette and matching panty. Y-3 leggings, $143SHOP ITLingua Franca sweater, $360SHOP ITMadewell lace camila bralette, $35SHOP ITMadewell lace tanga underwear, $12SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It will be elaborate. On Saturday, everyone's attention will be on Meghan Markle's wedding dress, but there is another royal who fans are excited for: Princess Beatrice of York. You may remember Beatrice and her sister, Princess Eugenie of York, causing quite the stir at Prince William and Kate Middleton's wedding when they wore these two extravagant hats. Post wedding, the pink Philip Treacy hat worn by Beatrice was auctioned off on eBay for charity at an estimated $109,435. The fascinator made headlines all over the internet (it's basically the hat that spurred a thousand memes) and now Twitter is hotly anticipating what headpiece Princess Beatrice will wear to Meghan and Harry's wedding.The online comments about her and her sister's potential fascinator choice ranged from the laugh-out-loud positive to kinda mean and negative:I'm more excited to see Princes Beatrice hat at the royal wedding on Saturday than i am about eating my Nana's homemade scones. pic.twitter.com/6ljSqG16jdBeatrice is my hat idol. pic.twitter.com/dQiuHBrtQWBlow Meghan’s dress. I want to see Beatrice’s and Eugenie’s hats.The nation is now counting on Princesses Beatrice and Euginie to save the circus of this #RoyalWedding solely by the strength of their hat choices 🙏 #MeghanAndHarry #weneedthis pic.twitter.com/ieTjx8zDyzI only care about the Royal Wedding insofar as Beatrice and Eugenie wear even uglier hats than they did at the last. #BitchYouLeanInToThatWickedStepsisterVibe #MakeItYourOwnThere's no doubt the York sisters will dress to impress at the ceremony and we have a feeling their fascinators will be just as grand. Scroll through some of Princess Beatrice's most memorable hat moments. This should give you a good indication as to what she might wear.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The women, all dressed in Balmain, gathered on the red carpet to promote their cause.This year, the steps at the 2018 Cannes Film Festival has served as a place for protests and dissent. Over the weekend, Cate Blanchett led an 82-women #MeToo protest on the red carpet and just yesterday, 16 black actresses gathered around French actress Aïssa Maïga to make a statement of their own. The women—including Nadège Beausson-Diagne, Mata Gabin, Maïmouna Gueye, Eye Haidara, Rachel Khan, Sara Martins, Marie-Philomène Nga, Sabine Pakora, Firmine Richard, Sonia Rolland, Magaajyia Silberfeld, Shirley Souagnon, Assa Sylla, Karidja Touré, and France Zobda, and Aïssa Maïga—all dressed in Balmain, wanted to call attention to their multimedia project “Noire N’est Pas Mon Metier,” which translated means, “Black Is Not My Profession.” The work aims to expose and denounce the discrimination black women face in the French and American entertainment industries. Maïga had approached Olivier Rousteing of Balmain to create all their outfits, which he was on board with. Rousteing said he recognized the discrimination the women have faced and wanted to express his support for their project.See all the powerful imagery below.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			They're from BaubleBar.Bella Hadid packed so many gowns for the 2018 Cannes Film Festival, it's easy to forgot she had some casual street style looks stowed away in her suitcase too. The model took a break from walking the red carpet on Tuesday and left the Le Majestic hotel in a dressed down, yet still sexy, ensemble. Her top, which looked like a cross between a bodysuit and one-third of a button-down shirt, was paired with high-waisted mom jeans and silver sandals. At first glance, Bella’s shirt looked like two separate pieces, but it was actually a cutout bodysuit from Fleur du Mal. The one piece featured a pointed collar and long sleeves. For accessories, she styled the look with Baublebar’s lucite hoop earrings and a Dior handbag.If you're feeling inspired by Bella's easy street style outfit, you can still shop her exact earrings and bodysuit, below.Fleur du Mal, $365 SHOP ITBaubleBar, $38 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Take a closer look at the powerful print on her gown.The red carpet at the 2018 Cannes Film Festival has blessed us with naked dresses, pantsuits, and poufy gowns. But no outfit has had a backstory quite like Thandie Newton’s. The Westworld star, who also plays Val in Solo: A Star Wars Story, attended the movie’s premiere at Cannes in a custom Vivienne Westwood dress. Upon closer inspection, you can make out a special print on her gown: The design featured all of the black characters that have appeared in the Star Wars franchise.Newton’s stylist, Erin Walsh, even shared on Instagram a sketch of the eco-friendly gown and some more information on how the process came about. As Walsh points out, Newton is the first black woman to appear in a Star Wars movie in a leading role. For tonight's #StarWars premiere , Thandie had the brilliant idea to make a dress covered in a print with photos of iconic black @starwars characters! She wanted to celebrate her role in the iconic history of the franchise!! She is the first black woman onscreen in a @starwars movie with a leading role 🙌@christianhogstedt photographed the action figures from her personal collection and @viviennewestwood made a SICK print on a gown that's totally ethical given the guidance of @ecoage and @liviafirth... more on this to come, but have a peek at the sketch and up close on the print!!! 🖤🖤🖤A post shared by  Erin Walsh (@erinwalshnyc) on May 15, 2018 at 12:54pm PDT"For tonight's #StarWars premiere, Thandie had the brilliant idea to make a dress covered in a print with photos of iconic black Star Wars characters!" Erin wrote. "She wanted to celebrate her role in the iconic history of the franchise!! She is the first black woman onscreen in a Star Wars movie with a leading role."The photos that were printed onto the dress—which were taken by Christian Hogstedt—are actually pictures of action figures from Newton's personal collection. (That is pretty kickass, if you ask me.) Some of the characters on the dress are John Boyega's Finn, Samuel L. Jackson's Mace Windu, Forest Whitaker's Saw Gerrera, and Billy Dee Williams' Lando. Before heading into the theater, Newton also (appropriately) snapped some photos with Stormtroopers. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Doria Ragland was spotted with a Burberry garment bag on her way to the airport.Meghan Markle’s mom is officially on her way to London for the royal wedding. Doria Ragland left her Los Angeles house for the airport on May 15, just four days before her daughter says “I do,” to Prince Harry. She was carrying a Burberry garment bag, which one can only assume contains a Burberry outfit she will wear to the wedding celebrations. (Could it be her reception dress? Or perhaps, it’s the outfit she’ll wear when she walks Meghan down the aisle?)Rumor has it there’s a good chance she’ll end up giving Meghan away at the ceremony due to Thomas Markle’s health conditions. Meghan’s father was originally supposed to attend the royal wedding, but after a series of incidents, including admitting he staged paparazzi photos of himself preparing for the wedding, there is now uncertainty as to whether he'll make it. To make that situation even less likely, Thomas had told TMZ he will be having heart surgery, which would prevent him from flying to the UK in time for his daughter's ceremony.While all this is happening, Meghan is still focused on her wedding. Today, she and Prince Harry announced their bridesmaids and page boys (Princess Charlotte and Prince George are definitely in the wedding!). And, her BFF and stylist Jessica Mulroney landed in London today, too. Regardless of the current family situation, Meghan will make a beautiful bride on Saturday and we can't wait to see what everyone else wears, including her mother.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Not all fans were happy with the current options.Rihanna’s Savage x Fenty lingerie line is so popular the site crashed briefly on the day of the launch (we were on it shopping, of course). One of the most exciting aspects of the release is the inclusivity of the brand: Underwear goes up to 3X, bras are available up to 44DD, and there are even seven different shades of “nudes” to cater to diverse skin tones. Despite these efforts to include a wide range of sizes, some fans who shopped the collection were disappointed that the pieces only catered to "straight sizes." People who were smaller than a 32A, in between sizes, or larger than double D's felt left out.And, of course, they took to Twitter to air their grievances:Do not try and say you cater for ‘all body types’ by only selling a 32 band size as the smallest option and the most generic, easily available cup sizes 🤦🏻‍♀️ #savagexfenty #allbodytypesRihanna, Queen, Robyn....I was rooting for you when you said meant for everyone but not even half my titty fit in a DD. Where the bras for us plus size girls?  #SavageXFentyI was soooooo excited for #SavageXFenty but all the pieces I was excited about don't come in my size. Story of my life. "Size inclusive" is almost always a lie. It always means "here's 25% of what straight sizes get, that's good enough right?" pic.twitter.com/meXnR9b0rAAfter the complaints started rolling in, the brand responded itself (on Twitter, of course) yesterday, releasing a quick message addressing the concerns:We understand how you feel. This is only the beginning. We'll keep you updated as more styles and sizes become available. Make sure to opt-in to receive our Savage X Fenty emails.Apologies for any inconvenience. This is only the beginning. We'll keep you updated as more styles and sizes become available. Make sure to opt-in to receive our Savage X Fenty emails.While there's no information on when or which new sizes will be available (yet), we trust Riri, creator of pretty much the most inclusive makeup line ever, to make lingerie that's truly for every woman.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			No one does fashion like France does fashion.Hollywood’s biggest stars packed their most glamorous looks and flew into the French Riviera for the 2018 Cannes Film Festival. The 11-day event, which ends Saturday, showcases new films and documentaries of all genres from around the world. We witnessed outfits spanning the spectrum on the red carpet, from naked dresses to power woman pantsuits. With only one more day left to go, check out all the best Cannes looks ahead.In Givenchy Haute Couture and Chopard jewelryIn Sarah Flint loafersIn Ermanno ScervinoIn Nicolas JebranIn Zuhair Murad In Georges Hobeika Couture In Julien MacdonaldIn an Elie Saab dress, Chopard jewelry In Magda ButrymIn Sonia RykielIn RosachaIn custom Lyla Dumont St. Barth, Messika jewelry, and René Caovilla shoesIn  a Zuhair Murad dress, Schutz shoes, and Lorraine Schwartz jewelryIn Roberto Cavalli Couture and Giuseppe Zanotti heelsIn The Row dress and Bulgari jewelry In a Romona Keveza Collection dressIn Chanel and Christian Louboutin pumpsIn Dior In SchiaparelliIn PradaIn custom Julien Macdonald In Alberta Ferretti and Aquazzura sandals In ChanelIn a Gucci dress, Boucheron jewels.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Every pair of heels Lady Gaga has ever worn.What's that old axiom? Ahh, yes, the cuter the shoe, the harder it is to walk in. Celebrities feel your pain—literally. Earlier this month Kristen Stewart removed her shoes on the Cannes red carpet and went the rest of the way barefoot. Who among us hasn't done the same? Click through to see your favorite stars wearing some of the world's most uncomfortable-looking shoes to ever exist. RiRi posted a picture on Instagram wearing a pair of rhinestoned, slouchy boots straight from the YSL 2017 runway. Each boot was reportedly crafted with 3,000 stones, and altogether the pair of not-very-comfy-looking shoes cost a whopping $10,000. So, I guess, beauty is pain and money.In 2012, seasoned heel-walker Nicki Minaj wore a head-to-toe pink ensemble, complete with pale pink Giuseppe Zanotti peep-toe pumps to promote her new fragrance. The peep-toe style looks to be squeezing her toes together, and the platform is nearly five inches!The singer walked the 2014 People's Choice Award red carpet in a pair of strappy sandal heels that were noticeably crushing her pinky toes. And it looks like there is barely any sole to support her feet. Yikes! In 2011, the Queen of uncomfortable shoes wore 24-inch platform...heels?...to the CFDA Awards. Shoe designer Christian Louboutin created a pair of heels that were inspired by Angelina Jolie's role in the Disney movie Maleficent, and she wore them to a London photo call for the movie. The heel is sculpted to look like one of of Maleficent's horns. Just a few hours after she rocked a dominatrix-y, latex gown and 10-pound veil at the Met Gala, Bella Hadid showed up at the after party in a pair of open-toed mules that appear incredibly hard to walk in. It looks like Hadid is scrunching her toes in an effort to keep them from sliding off. Guess she's comfortable with uncomfortable clothing.Princess Beatrice had a small shoe mishap at the Met Gala this year. Her heels were so slim, one got caught in a street grate. That's one way to twist an ankle in a pair of heels.Beatrice's cousin-in-law, Kate Middleton has also experienced some heel difficulties. Though her shoes don't look that uncomfortable to wear, the position her foot got caught in does. If anything, Kate is the Queen of heel-wearing—she can even throw a pair on hour after giving birth.While she was in the final trimester with her and Kanye West's first daughter, North, Kim Kardashian wore a pair of very high heels with with criss-crossing straps to promote the Kardashian Kollection at Sears. Later, when she took the shoes off, she revealed just how badly the straps were cutting of her circulation. The Sex and the City star wore a pair of Louis Vuitton lion heels to the film presentation of I Don't Know How She Does It at the Ritz Carlton hotel—and really, we don't know how she does it wearing those pumps. Wondering what's it's like to walk around like a lioness? Uncomfortable. Yes, here's Lady Gaga again, because the Alexander McQueen Armadillo shoes she wore to the 2010 VMS's look extremely painful to put on, let alone walk in. You know when ballerinas wear pointe shoes and dance on their toes? That's what we imagine wearing these heels would be like. Also, let it be noted that these heels are almost one-foot tall.Fashion designer Daphne Guinness loves to wear Gaga-like shoes. Her sparkly, purple boots are noticeably missing one important part: a heel. Yes, Guinness actually walked around in a pair of shoes that was all platform, no heel, which looks extremely difficult if you ask us.When Aubrey Plaza looked back at the camera, it became very noticeable that her heels didn't fit. But, apparently a lot of celebrities choose to wear shoes that are just a little too big to help prevent blisters, and to stop their feet from swelling. Walking around in shoes that might fall off sounds pretty uncomfortable, but swollen feet and blisters do, too. So, wash.Poor Rashida Jones' pinky toes didn't quite fit properly in the shoes she wore to the Film Independent Spirt Awards in 2013. Instead of wearing shoes that were too big, it seems like she walked out in a pair that were too small.Here, at the 2013 Cannes Film Festival, Julianne Moore's heels fit so poorly that somehow her pinky toe managed to slip out of the metallic, silver straps. You had to have known Lady Gaga was going to be in here not once, not twice, but three times (at least). Who could forget when the singer attended the 2010 VMAs wrapped completely in raw meat? It doesn't seem like the most breathable material, so surely her meat-and-butcher's twine platforms weren't comfortable.The Orange is the New Black star rolled up to the Young Hollywood Awards in 2014 wearing a pair of strappy heels that looked like they were squishing her pinky toes. Ouch!The New York Times best selling author and former Playmate wore a pair of pumps to a dog show in 2013, just a few months after giving birth. If you look closely, her very high Charlotte Olympia “Cherie” heels are sculpted to looks like pink poodles, which is cute, but they don't look too fun to walk around in. During The Hunger Games: Catching Fire premiere in New York, Jennifer Lawrence wore a pair of heels that were too big, and it looks like her feet were sliding around in the shoes. That's probably not good for the ankles.The Keeping Up with the Kardashians star debuted a pair of thigh-high, clear, plastic boots in 2016. The see-through boots were from Kanye West's Yeezy Season 4 collection. While she might be supporting (or promoting) her husband's brand, she's not making us think these shoes are easy to walk in. Jessica Alba took a misstep while attending a Dior show during Paris Fashion Week in 2011, maybe due to the fact that the heel of the shoe appears to have very little support. The design of her white open-toed pumps seems very easy to twist an ankle in. Can you find Katy Perry's pinky toes? Nope, because they aren't visible in the shoes she wore to the 2013 MTV EMAs in Amsterdam. That just seems downright painful. And here she is again for a fourth (and final) time, because we couldn't not acknowledge how awful these heels look to walk around in. But if anyone can manage, it's Lady Gaga.The model-slash-actress-slash-businesswoman was spotted walking barefoot, carrying her very high-looking heels during a Transformers 3 press conference. Everyone's feet need a little break sometimes.Kim Kardashian is in here a lot, too, because she's always rocking heels—no matter how badly they may hurt her feet. While she was pregnant with baby Saint, she was spotted in a pair of Yeezy Season 2 clear pumps that looked like the heel was about to snap.At the 2012 European premiere of The Lucky One, alongside her co-star Zac Efron, the actress wore a pair of clear heels, that were noticeably steamy. Hot feet never equal happy feet.T. Swift knows when to shake them off. During the 2008 CMT Awards, the Reputation singer got a little more comfortable and kicked off her metallic, fuchsia heels. Remember Lady Gaga's armadillo heels from earlier? Well, Daphne Guinness wore a very similar pair to a 2009 NARS launch party. Not the first pair of shoes we'd pick.The French actress wore a pair of Dior pumps during the Bike In Style Challenge winner announcement and awards ceremony. Surely, she wouldn't bike in these shoes with heels sculpted to look like goddesses?The French actress attended the 26th annual Cabourg Romantic Film Festival in a pair of classic red pumps—but she, too, followed the time-old Hollywood "tradition" of wearing a heel a size too big. How?		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Her floral dress was both comfy and stylish.If I'm ever pregnant, I plan to trade all my trendy fashion pieces in for sweatshirts and leggings in a heartbeat. (There's really no better excuse to lounge in athleisure for the nine months.) Every time I think this, though, I see expectant celebrities doing the exact opposite. Stars like Chrissy Teigen and Beyoncé have continuously proven that just because you’re having baby, it doesn’t mean your style has to completely change.And now, I'm adding Pippa Middleton to that list. The duchess-in-law (yes, I made that royal title up) proves it’s possible to dress cute and feel comfortable in her latest pregnancy look.Middleton was spotted in London on May 13 in a plum-colored printed dress with tights and a black trench coat. The outfit was dressed down, but still feminine, which spoke to Pippa's personal style. It also showed off a hint of her growing belly. The socialite announced her pregnancy with husband James Matthews in April and I'm betting this versatile dress is one she can still wear long after she's given birth.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Take a deep breath before you see these photos.It takes confidence and a zero-fucks attitude to wear super sheer clothes in public. Stars such as Irina Shayk and Kendall Jenner make it look easy, especially on the red carpet. They, along with a host of other Hollywood A-listers, attended the 2018 Cannes Film Festival and stuck to the "naked" dress code, which translates to a lot of drama and very little left to the imagination. If you haven't seen their daring outfits yet, take a deep breath and click on through.In Nicolas JebranIn a Zuhair Murad dress, Schutz shoes, and Lorraine Schwartz jewelryIn Roberto Cavalli Couture and Giuseppe Zanotti heelsIn an Atelier Versace dress, Versace sandals, and Chopard jewelry.In Schiaparelli.In Roberto Cavalli.In Christian Louboutin heels and Chopard jewelry.In Roberto Cavalli.In a Guy LaRoche dress.In Roberto Cavalli Couture.In Dior.In Emilia Wickstead.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			These photos speak to my soul.Today, Kristen Stewart, hero, went barefoot on the Cannes red carpet. The star arrived for the premiere of BlacKkKlansman in a shimmery, semi-sheer silver mini dress by Chanel, which she paired with black pumps. She looked like a total movie star and did her duty by striking several poses for the cameras before heading up the carpeted staircase. Once she got to the foot of the steps, however, Kristen bent down to whip off her super tall Christian Louboutin pumps:A bird's eye view of the whole shoe situation.I can only imagine the sweet, sweet relief that's flooding Kristen's feet right now. The actress has been vocal about her stance on Cannes' heels policy in the past: During a roundtable conversation at the event last year, Stewart railed against the double standards men and women are held to at the festival.Also, uncomfortable shoes are terrible, so bless Kristen for having no shame in going barefoot—and in the rain no less.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She walked the Cannes red carpet in yet another gorgeous look.Hollywood’s biggest stars are at the 2018 Cannes Film Festival and that includes supermodels. Irina Shayk was one of the first to walk the red carpet, while Bella Hadid later arrived in a glamorous pink gown. All the ladies have dressed to impress so far, and it won’t be long before the rest of the models touch down in the French Riviera. See who has arrived so far—and their enviable outfit choices—below.In Zuhair Murad In Roberto CavalliIn custom Julien MacdonaldIn Alberta Ferretti In Roberto Cavalli CoutureIn DiorIn Schiaparelli Haute Couture, Chopard jewelry In Zac Posen In Roberto CavalliIn Roberto CavalliIn custom Dior In Ralph and RussoIn Georges Hobeika, Chopard jewelry In TWINSET official and Chopard jewelry In Roberto Cavalli and Chopard jewelryIn Giambattista Valli Haute Couture, Gianvito Rossi shoes, Chopard jewelryIn Alberta Ferretti In Atelier Versace gown, gold Versace sandals, Chopard jewelry In Ralph & RussoIn Alexander Wang		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She wore a very short knit dress to the Fashion For Relief Cannes event.The theme for Kendall Jenner’s 2018 Cannes outfits is sexy and sheer. The model made her debut on the red carpet in a mesh mini dress and then attended the premiere for Girls of the Sun in a super sheer Schiaparelli gown. Both looks left little to the imagination and Kendall certainly mastered that naked look.As if to prove her point, she showed up to the Fashion For Relief dinner on Sunday in just a metallic cable knit sweater dress and heels. The Nicolas Jebran number had a plunging neckline and a very short hem. It's the kind of outfit that makes you wonder if Kendall had trouble sitting down, or even bending over, in the look. If she did, however, she didn't show any signs of discomfort. Instead, the star stood tall in her Christian Louboutins and struck a pose for the camera like a supermodel. Leave it to Kendall to toss out all those dinner dress codes. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Bella Hadid stepped out at the Dior dinner at Cannes Film Festival Saturday night in a jaw-dropping sheer red dress. Hadid accessorized the stunning dress with Dior makeup (of course) and Bulgari diamonds, which took front and center with the off-the-shoulder gown. The model shared pictures of herself getting ready for the event on her Instagram grid and Instagram Story, crediting her makeup and jewelry in the caption of her photo. "A few of my favorite things.... @diormakeup @bulgariofficial diamonds and @fannybourdettedonon #rockrockrock 💍," she wrote. A few of my favorite things.... @diormakeup @bulgariofficial diamonds and @fannybourdettedonon #rockrockrock 💍A post shared by  Bella (@bellahadid) on May 12, 2018 at 12:16pm PDTHadid also wore Bulgari diamonds to the Ash Is the Purest White premiere at Cannes earlier this week.  Always possess a Cannes-do attitude. @bellahadid shines in Bvlgari High Jewelry collection. . . . . . . #Bvlgari #Jewelry #Cannes #RedCarpetA post shared by  BVLGARI (@bulgariofficial) on May 11, 2018 at 11:11am PDTShe wore a princess-worthy floor-length rose-colored ball gown to the Ash Is the Purest White premiere, where she also made headlines for sitting with her ex-boyfriend, The Weekend (real name Abel Tesfaye), during the screening. The former couple were also spotted kissing at the Magnum x Alexander Wang party on Thursday. "You could feel the energy between them and there was no doubt they were together. They were whispering and holding hands while talking. People were coming over to say hello, but they were focused on each other and never got too far away from one another," a source told E! News of Hadid and Tesfaye's PDA at the Magnum party."They had some drinks and were dancing and talking," the source continued. "He had his arm around her waist and was pulling her in close. She was touching his face and stroking it. They kissed a few times passionately. They left Magnum Beach together at the end of the night. They didn't care who was watching. There were cameras all over and they didn't mind."No word yet if Tesfaye is also at the Dior dinner. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Oh my.Well, guess we should go out and buy a lotto ticket: We predicted—based on her rather see-through travel outfit—that Kendall Jenner would appear on the Cannes red carpet in a similarly sheer look. And, not to toot our own horn or anything, but we were right. Jenner finally made an appearance on a red carpet, attending the Chopard Secret Night, and the model wore the nakedest mini dress of all time. Exhibit A:Exhibit B:The shimmery mesh material wrapped around her silhouette, and since everything was, well, mesh, we got a full glimpse of her beige underwear and bra-less breasts. The model appeared to have no doubts about her outfit choice as she stuck a leg out confidently in her Christian Louboutin heels for photos. Prior to the event, Kendall even filmed herself in the look, which she shared on her Instagram story.While Kendall went for that sexy Tinkerbell look, her BFF Bella Hadid walked the red carpet in a rather regal, pink ball gown. The ladies are part of the supermodel crew that have descended on Cannes, and it's only a matter of time before someone else shows up basically naked.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Is that red lip waterproof?Kendall Jenner arrived for the 2018 Cannes Film Festival on Thursday, but she isn’t quite ready to hit the red carpet yet. Instead, the model got in some R&R by the pool at the exclusive Hotel du Cap.Kendall wore a classic Gooseberry Seaside black swimsuit with skinny straps and a plunging neckline design with a high-waisted fit. She also wore a pair of Ray Bans and later added a backwards baseball cap—basically normal poolside attire (sun safety is important!).Less traditional: The bold red lip and jewelry she chose. It's like the red carpet version of a pool look—or the Instagram-version. Which:She did appear to remove the red lip before actually entering the water, but she still looks to be wearing the necklace which just seems highly impractical. But to each her own!This poolside look comes right after the model was spotted in a pair of sheer leggings at the airport. See how Kendall styled her one piece below.If you want to copy Kendall's black swimsuit (for Instagram, swimming, or instagramming yourself swimming) you can shop similar options below:Vitamin A, $172 SHOP ITSolid & Striped, $158 SHOP ITTopshop, $38 SHOP ITThe Bikini Lab, $58 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She wore an oversize menswear-inspired blazer and mini dress.You might have heard: Bella Hadid and The Weeknd (a.k.a. Abel Tesfaye) were spotted kissing in Cannes. The two attended the Magnum x Alexander Wang party together, which Bella hosted with Wang. While everyone was most likely focused on Bella’s cozy reunion with her ex, the fashion girl in me couldn’t help but zoom in on Bella’s outfit.Turns out, Bella was in an oversize menswear-inspired blazer with a matching mini dress. Both check print pieces were by Alexander Wang (who is good friends with the model). The two-piece set was a smart and sleek ensemble that had everyone looking, including The Weeknd. Bella completed her outfit with simple gold hoop earrings and black pumps.The look is very going-to-a-board-meeting on the top and ready-for-the-club underneath. Inspired!See similar styles from Alexander Wang SHOP		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			And the bras range from 32A to a 44DD.Attention, world: Rihanna’s first lingerie collection is here. After teasing us for weeks about her Savage x Fenty line, the singer has finally released all 90 pieces. There's lingerie! sleepwear! accessories! There are even four capsule collections—lines within the line, if you will.Her "On the Reg" collection includes everyday essentials (think: bras in every shade of nude, T-shirt bras, underwear, and more). The "U Cute" capsule collection is full of feminine, lacy pieces, while the "Damn" line moves toward the sexier end of the spectrum, featuring items like rompers, garter belt sets, and bodysuits. To round out the group, the "Black Widow" collection is for those super risqué ladies in the market for bodysuits, half-cut bras, and bikini bottoms with cut-outs.The most exciting part of all this, however, isn't how sexy and stylish everything looks. It's how inclusive the sizing and color options are. Bras are available from a 32A (get in line my fellow small-boobed babes) to a 44DD. Lingerie, underwear, and loungewear come in sizes XS to 3XL and prices aren’t terrible either, with a range from $14 to $99, and the line includes seven different shades of "nudes."“I want people to wear Savage x Fenty and think, I’m a bad bitch. I want women to own their beauty,” Rihanna told  Vogue.The full Fenty x Savage collection is available now on SAVAGEX.com but you can shop some bras in the seven shades of "nude," below.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Uh-oh.Burberry is out to protect its iconic check print.The fashion house filed a trademark infringement and counterfeiting lawsuit against beloved retailer Target for selling products that were “blatant reproductions” of Burberry's trademark check print, which was introduced in the 1920s. According to the lawsuit, the luxury brand sent Target a cease-and-desist letter back in 2017 after discovering the retailer produced “unauthorized copies” of the pattern on items including eyewear, luggage, and water bottles. Target, however, continued to produce items featuring the check print, including scarves (one of Burberry’s most coveted items).The fashion house argues that the "superficially indistinguishable" print Target is selling can confuse shoppers, who might mistake those items for actual Burberry pieces. (Side note: Target does sell Burberry perfume, but not clothing or accessories.)"Target’s well-publicized history of collaborating with popular brands and fashion designers to promote and sell Target-exclusive limited-edition collections further heightens the risk of such consumer confusion,” reads the lawsuit.Burberry's currently seeking $2 million for each alleged trademark infringement plus other contentions. Guess we won't be see a Burberry x Target collab any time soon.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Who needs a dress?Who says you have to wear a gown on the red carpet? At the 2018 Cannes Film Festival, women are showing up in pastel-colored pantsuits and rocking the hell out of them. Take Kristen Stewart,  Léa Seydoux, and Cate Blanchett, who all decided on a suit for their photocall in Cannes. And, looked amazing. The ladies below prove pantsuits are the ultimate power-woman outfit.In Aquazzura shoesIn Chanel, Aquazzura sandals In Louis VuittonIn Calvin Klein blazer and pants, a L’Agence shirt, Stuart Weitzman boots, a Tyler Ellis bag, and Fendi sunglasses 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She hasn’t gone out in five months, and has forged a friendship with Huma Abedin.Though she didn't dress up like the Pope, like Rihanna did, Scarlett Johansson still caused some controversy with her Met Gala gown on Monday night. That's because she decided to wear a dress from Marchesa, and one-half of that designer duo, Georgina Chapman, is the ex-wife of Harvey Weinstein. It was the first time a major star had worn Marchesa on the red carpet since Weinstein became the center of a sexual misconduct scandal. And Chapman herself had remained silent—until now.To recap: Since October, more than 50 women have come forward with allegations against Weinstein; the allegations include sexual assault, harassment, and unwanted advancement over the past three decades. In a response to a New Yorker article on the matter, Weinstein’s spokesperson noted, “any allegations of non-consensual sex are unequivocally denied by Mr. Weinstein.” Shortly after the allegations became public, Chapman announced she was leaving Weinstein, and back in January they agreed on a divorce settlement, according to People.In a new interview with Vogue, Chapman reveals what her life has been like since the scandal, from getting therapy to striking up a friendship with Huma Abedin, whose ex-husband is disgraced politician Anthony Weiner. Here are some of the biggest takeaways from Chapman’s first return to public life.When asked whether she was ever suspicious of Weinstein, Chapman responded, “Absolutely not. Never.” She said that their marriage was a happy one, with Weinstein giving her confidence and being a great father to their children (India, 7, and Dashiell, 5). “There was a part of me that was terribly naive—clearly, so naive. I have moments of rage, I have moments of confusion, I have moments of disbelief!” she said. “I don’t know. I wish I had the answers. But I don’t.”Chapman told Vogue that she hasn't felt right going out in public since the scandal hit. “I was so humiliated and so broken...that...I, I, I...didn’t think it was respectful to go out,” she said. “I thought, Who am I to be parading around with all of this going on? It’s still so very, very raw. I was walking up the stairs the other day and I stopped; it was like all the air had been punched out of my lungs.”Chapman said she’s been seeing a therapist, and it’s clear from the interview she still has a lot to emotionally process, especially as a mother to their two children. “I have moments when I just cry for my children. What are their lives going to be?” she said, through tears. “It’s like, they love their dad. They love him. I just can’t bear it for them!”It’s easy to presume that after the Weinstein scandal hit the news, celebrities would steer clear from wearing clothing made by his wife. In the past, Chapman’s friend Neil Gaiman admitted, Weinstein would sometimes push actresses to wear Marchesa on the red carpet. But Chapman insisted that the decision to scale things back post-scandal was hers. “We didn’t feel it was appropriate given the situation. All the women who have been hurt deserve dignity and respect, so I want to give it the time it deserves. It’s a time for mourning, really,” she said. “A lot of people reached out and said, ‘Let me wear something.’” And post-Met gala, perhaps they'll get to. A few months before Weinstein’s scandal broke, Chapman met Huma Abedin, the now-ex wife of Anthony Weiner. Abedin, who rarely gives interviews, spoke to Vogue about how the two grew closer, bonding over their husbands’ scandals. “We just...bonded. In allll kinds of ways,” Abedin said. “This particular club, ironically, it’s not such a small one: women who have had to endure it in such a public way, women like Georgina and me. People don’t feel sorry for us; you don’t get that empathy.” 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Wait until you see the back.Kendall Jenner has arrived in France for the 2018 Cannes Film Festival. The model landed at Nice airport with BFF Hailey Baldwin on Thursday morning, wearing the most comfy travel attire. Her monochrome gray ensemble consisted of a slouchy long-sleeved shirt and matching pair of leggings and can only be described as a "mullet outfit"—you know, business in the front, party in the back. It wasn’t until she turned around that on-lookers realized Kendall’s shirt left her back exposed and that her leggings were completely sheer. The model’s skin appeared to show through her sporty bottoms and if I had to venture a guess…dare I say she might have even gone commando?Of course, the second youngest KarJen sibling pulls it off in a way that only she can and looks completely amazing.Better still, this see-through look may just give an indication of what she’ll wear on the Cannes red carpet—I’m thinking something sheer with a little bit of that surprise factor. Stay tuned! Meanwhile, check out all the incredible looks from Cannes thus far.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Her Instagram comment is too real.Regardless of what you thought about Selena Gomez's Met Gala look, she had the last laugh. The star shared a throwback Instagram on Wednesday, of herself in her Coach gown, and the video showed her running away before getting into a car. Selena captioned the photo, "Me when I saw my pictures from MET," followed by a shrug emoji. If you remember, many people, especially Twitter users, had strong opinions on Selena's red carpet ensemble. Some thought she looked beautiful while others mocked her makeup choice and bronzed skin. (Her look was created by none other than renowned celebrity makeup artist Hung Vanngo.) Based on Selena's own Instagram comment, the singer appeared to have read, or at least heard from others, about the negative comments on her photos. But the singer, quite frankly, doesn't appear to give a damn—as it should be.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The star was the first to wear the label to a major event post-Weinstein scandal.Update, 5/8, 6 p.m.: After making headlines for wearing Marchesa to the 2018 Met Gala, Scarlett Johansson defended her decision. "I wore Marchesa because their clothes make women feel confident and beautiful, and it is my pleasure to support a brand created by two incredibly talented and important female designers," the actress told People.The brand, co-founded by Georgina Chapman, has received little recognition at major events since her ex-husband, Harvey Weinstein, became embroiled in scandal, so Johansson's public nod to the fashion house last night didn't go unnoticed. Marchesa released its own statement to People, saying, "We are truly honored that Scarlett chose to wear Marchesa for the Met Gala. She is an amazingly talented actor who has incredible style and presence. It was wonderful to work so closely with her in creating this custom look."Original post, 5/8, 10 a.m.: Scarlett Johansson wore a Marchesa dress to the 2018 Met Gala. The burgundy, off-the-shoulder style was adorned with floral embellishments, which trailed down the side of her gown. The ombre look spoke to Marchesa’s brand aesthetic for sweet, feminine creations. And while the selection is beautiful, it's notable because it makes Johansson the first star to wear the fashion house—co-founded by Georgina Chapman, Harvey Weinstein's ex-wife—at a major event since the Weinstein scandal.Last year, shortly after news broke about Weinstein's alleged sexual harassment and assault of women, his wife's label came under fire, too. It was reported that the film producer had forced several Hollywood celebrities to wear his wife's designs; if they didn't, he would threaten their careers. Felicity Huffman and Jessica Chastain confirmed this news. While Huffman complied with Harvey's requests, Chastain says she defied Weinstein and chose not to wear Marchesa to the premiere of The Disappearance of Eleanor Rigby. Instead, she wore a blue Atelier Versace gown. Later, Weinstein publicly taunted her. Chapman filed for divorce from Weinstein following the allegations, and the two reached a settlement in January. Still, since the news came out, many in the fashion world wondered if any star would wear Marchesa ever again. Judging from last night, the answer is yes. It's worth noting that the star who chose to step out in Chapman's creation, Johannson, has been vocal about supporting the #MeToo movement and the Time's Up campaign.Here, more images of the star looking stunning in the ethereal creation and happy on the arm of new(ish) beau, Colin Jost. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Just throw on and go.The Met Gala calls for extravagant gowns but as soon as the red carpet wraps up, stars often change into a comfier look. (I vote for sweats!) As if to prove that point, Blake Lively stepped out the morning after in a simple springy dress. She paired the Malene Birger nude slip with white sneakers and a navy Aviation Gin baseball cap for that quintessential warm-weather outfit. To top it off, Blake even went braless. Considering she wore a corseted outfit last night, it all makes sense—this look seems way more comfortable than her Met Gala gown. Although that was a royal masterpiece by Versace, it looked quite heavy as Blake ascended the stairs and the gown was so big, she had to take a bus to the event. After debuting that majestic outfit, I don't blame Blake for wanting to go casual the next day. And luckily, her exact slip dress is still available to shop.Malene Birger, $525 SHOP ITShop similar: Topshop, $65 SHOP ITShop similar: Annie Bing, $250 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She looked stunning in a gold Prabal Gurung dress.The Met Gala red carpet wouldn't be complete without the models, including Ashley Graham. She arrived for the annual event in a strapless golden column dress by Prabal Gurung and even posed with the designer for some cute photos. To bring her dress to life, Graham received a bronze goddess glow and accessorized with Tasaki jewels. If you thought she looked amazing (we certainly did), Twitter also agreed. Fans went absolutely wild for her outfit as soon as her Giuseppe Zanotti heels hit that red carpet. Fans loved that Ashley showed off her curves, which isn't a big surprise, the model is known for championing body positive vibes and inclusivity in the fashion industry, and her dramatic leg slit stole the show, giving us major outfit envy.See the star radiate confidence at the Met Gala ahead, then check out what Twitter users said about her look. @ashleygraham is looking like the thick snack I need to see her as. Us thick girls need to see more of this beauty 😍 #METGALA18 #MetHeavenlyBodies😭 @ashleygraham *Thigh Game 🏆* #MetGala pic.twitter.com/Gd5RqPwBROAshley Graham giving us big body benz looks, blessings@ashleygraham you are fantabulous! That dress was and how you wore it, made the rest of us feel the need to love ourselves more.Miss @ashleygraham out here looking like a gold-dipped religious relic!!!! #MetGala pic.twitter.com/CDWL80DExZ		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Tiny crop top, check.Bella Hadid showed up to the Met Gala after party in a slightly scandalous outfit—that of course she looked killer in. The model arrived with sister Gigi (who wore a pink pantsuit) in black leather pants and matching crop top. A silver chain wrapped around Bella's midsection (hello '90s) drew eyes straight to her abs as she walked confidently in her PVC heels. The skin-tight outfit was a departure from Hadid's more modest look on the Met Gala red carpet (though a natural continuation of her previous ensemble in color and material (black, leather)). Earlier in the night, the model wore the gown of a dominatrix/vampire by Gareth Pugh x Chrome Hearts.  The covered look surprised Bella fans, as the model often bares it all on the red carpet. Although Bella was likely just trying to follow the theme, which was Heavenly Bodies: Fashion and the Catholic Imagination. Once the more formal event was over, however, all bets were off and Bella partied the night away in New York City in her go-to attire of leather and cropped pieces.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			What Rihanna, Kendall Jenner, Gigi Hadid, and more changed into after the red carpet.Though the stars certainly didn't shy away from going all-out on this year's Met Gala red carpet, celebrities decided to swap their decked-out jewels and statement headpieces for simpler (albeit still gorgeous) ensembles following the main event. See all the best looks from the after parties, ahead. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She let her hair down (literally) at the end of the night.Last night, Blake Lively made a big statement (like needs-a-bus-to-transport-your-dress statement) at the Met Gala in an elaborate Versace gown that gave off major Guinevere vibes. The dress was so big she had to take an actual party bus to the event, and the bodice alone took 600 hours to embroider. One of the last to arrive, Blake's was an appropriately show-stopping ending appearance on the red carpet.For the after-party, the actress changed into a more casual, but equally WOW look. She chose a full tartan ensemble with spangle fringe thigh-high boots and matching mini skirt. She topped the look off with a mismatched plaid coat:As for her beauty look, Blake took out the carefully crafted, sunburst bun she wore on the red carpet:Literally letting her hair down for the after party to create a look anyone who's had her hair in a bun all day can relate to:The free, loose curls look gorgeous and give off the perfect more relaxed look for an after party...it also probably feels really good to get your hair out of the tight knot, not to mention taking off that huge train after a long night.Earlier in the night, Blake also shared a look at her killer nail game on Insta:Never say this woman doesn't come to play.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Don't overthink your outfits ever again.The trick to building a great wardrobe is finding those go-to pieces you can wear again and again. And, Jenni Kayne is here to help. The brand,  which offers minimalist pieces, launched its first-ever "Find Your Uniform," campaign on May 7. Its message is for women to curate quality, every-day pieces so that their lives become a bit easier. (After all, not having to overthink your outfits saves you a lot of time in the mornings!). The campaign also stars three different women—Phoebe Tonkin, Lara Worthington, and Tylynn Nguyen—to show that not everyone's "uniform," is the same. It's about finding a style that works for you and letting your own personality shine through. Scroll on below to watch the empowering video, then check out some stills from the campaign.This is a modal window.Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window.End of dialog window.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The hidden message you might have missed.Blake Lively’s Versace gown took over 600 hours to make, so you better believe it was one of the most regal looks at the Met Gala. For her ninth time at the annual event, Blake wore an intricate woven dress, which required a party bus for getting her to the red carpet. The designer number featured a beaded bodice and Blake's heavy train trailed behind her as she walked the red carpet.  To give the outfit an even more royal flair, Blake accessorized with a spiked crown and Lorraine Schwartz  jewels.The actress also carried a custom Judith Leiber clutch, which had a special message. The beaded accessory featured a bejeweled cross with Blake's initial as well the first letter of the names of her husband and their two children, James and Ines. Underneath the letters 'B', 'R', 'J,' and 'I' was the family's last name Reynolds. This special shout out made Blake's outfit all the more memorable.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Kim Kardashian arrived on the Met Gala red carpet in gold, body-hugging Versace:The dress fits her body perfectly: She looks like she's dripping in gold—and looks a whole lot like her naked perfume bottle because, well, the way that dress fits, she basically looks naked.She shared a glimpse at her look on Instagram stories, spanning down on her bod as she noted the gala's "heavenly bodies" theme. Though sisters Kylie and Kendall and mom Kris Jenner are all already inside, Kim did come alone: Kanye West hasn't appeared on the red carpet, which isn't all that surprising based on the week he's had. According to a source, Kanye was "all over the place about going," telling Us Weekly, "One minute he says that he will go. Another, he insists that the album needs more work. Kim just wants to go to the gala and have a great time."Kanye and Kim often attend together—at the 2016 Met Gala, the two leaned into the Manus x Machina theme:		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You have to see it from the front and back.Most stars showed up to the 2018 Met Gala in costume-esque dramatic outfits—except Miley Cyrus. The star, who’s known for her eccentric outfits, walked the red carpet in a rather classic Hollywood dress. She wore a black Stella McCartney gown with a plunging neckline and mermaid-style train, and left her hair tousled in gentle waves. When Miley turned around for the cameras, however, her dress got instantly sexier. The back dipped so low, it almost seemed like a wardrobe malfunction. But, we know this LBD is just Miley being Miley.Miley's only nod to the theme (Heavenly Bodies: Fashion and the Catholic Imagination) were her dangling cross earrings, and layers of necklaces featuring religious iconography. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Iconic.Tonight, Jared Leto embraced his Jesus-like facial hair for his Met Gala look by dressing as, well, Jesus, basically:He choose a powder blue Gucci velvet suit and a gold crown, and looks tremendous—peak Jared Leto, really.He walked the red carpet with Gucci creative director Alessandro Michele and singer Lana Del Rey, who wore a very elaborate Gucci number, which included a halo made of birds, heart pendant of swords, and opera glasses with eyes in them. As one Twitter user pointed out, the eyes are a nod to Saint Lucy, who, according to one legend gouged her own eyes out to discourage a potential suitor who admired them.lana knows her iconography and i also would pluck out my eyes like st lucy if i had to stand next to jared leto at an event pic.twitter.com/wSsLE3aIntThe three are on point for the Heavenly Bodies theme: Moments before the #MetGala, Gucci Creative Director #AlessandroMichele together with @lanadelrey and @jaredleto in custom #Gucci. #MetHeavenlyBodiesA post shared by  Gucci (@gucci) on May 7, 2018 at 4:41pm PDTTwitter gave Leto and the gang major props for fully embracing the spirit of the event.Jared Leto been WAITIN for his moment to be white Jesus. Poised and ready. https://t.co/FAkTp5Ihiq		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			They're truly unforgettable.As good as the gowns were at the Met Gala, the headpieces were SO unforgettable. Stars showed up in the most outrageous crowns and veils—many of which actually made us audibly gasp. Frances McDormand hid her face behind a teal bush of what looked like flowers, while Ariana Grande played it sweet with a bow that was reminiscent of a nun's habit, and of course, there was Rihanna's pope's mitre. No matter which way you turned on the red carpet, there was another headpiece waiting to be admired. See all of them, ahead.In a Prabal Gurung dress, Tasaki jewelry, and Jimmy Choo shoesIn VersaceIn a Prabal Gurung gown, custom Gianvito Rossi shoes, a custom Philip Treacy head piece, Tasaki jewelry, and carried a Jimmy Choo clutchIn a Ralph Lauren dress and headpieceIn a Moschino outfitIn a Gaultier Paris Haute Couture gown, Miu Miu boots, Rinaldy Yunardi crown and necklace, Jacob & Co mesh gloves and necklace, jewelry by Lana Jewelry, Narcisa Pheres, Pascale Monvoisin, and Catherine AngielIn a Maison Margiela lookIn a Valentino gown, James Banks earrings, The Code bracelet, and Jimmy Choo heelsIn a Givenchy dress, Cartier jewelry, and a Clare Waight Keller crownIn a Versace dress, custom Christian Louboutin shoes, a custom Judith Lieber bag, and Lorraine Schwartz jewelryIn a Marc Jacobs outfit with Christian Louboutin shoes and Jennifer Fisher jewelryIn an Iris van Herpen dress, Lorraine Schwartz jewelry, and shoes and bag by Brother VelliesIn a Tommy Hilfiger dress, Stuart Weitzman shoes, Bulgari jewelry, and a Brittny Wood headpieceIn a Dior dress and Marianna Harutunian crownIn Valentino Haute CoutureIn a Vera Wang dress and Butani earringsIn a Ralph Lauren Collection gown, headpiece, and Anito Ko jewelryIn a Vassilis Zoulias dress, Giuseppe Zanotti shoes, and a Pericles Kondylatos crownIn a Louis Vuitton look with Fred Leighton jewelry, Jimmy Choo clutchIn Gucci		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Are you sitting down? Are you KNEELING? Because Katy Perry, goddess, just arrived on the Met Gala red carpet as a full angel—full-size angel wings and all—and ALL THE PRAISE HANDS EMOJIS.The singer climbed out of a white vintage car (E! had some glorious footage of her trying to maneuver out of the car with those wings attached to her) and arrived on the red carpet in all of her winged glory.She did have some help adjusting her wings before walking in: AN ANGEL  #katyperry #katycats #katherynelizabethhudson #witnessthetour #prismaticworldtour #californiadreamstour #hellokatytour #witness #prism #teenagedream #oneoftheboys #nugget #chanel #adidas #santabarbara #losangeles #california #fave #idol #inspiration #ootb #td #hkt #cdt #pwt #wtt #metgalaA post shared by  CLAUDIA (@katykicksass) on May 7, 2018 at 4:37pm PDTWhat does one wear with humongous, angelic wings? Gold chainmail it seems, plus matching gold, heeled pumps:Rihanna, Queen of the Met Gala red carpet (and one of this year's hosts), showed up to this year's Heavenly Bodies event dressed as the pope, so they make a good pairing as people who took this theme seriously.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			And we love it.If there’s one star who followed the 2018 Met Gala theme to the T, it's co-host Rihanna. (This year’s theme is Heavenly Bodies: Fashion and the Catholic Imagination.) The star walked the red carpet in a voluminous ensemble and looked like, dare we say, a sexy pope. The Maison Margiela outfit was composed of three separate pieces: an embellished minidress, an oversized jacket, and a bejeweled mitre (a.k.a the kind of hat a bishop wears). Rihanna finished the look with silver pumps. The singer is known for her over-the-top Met Gala outfits, and this one definitely stood out.Designer John Galliano encrusted the coat with white, black, and silver jewels. We can't even begin to estimate how heavy this ensemble must be, but of course, Rihanna only needs one shoulder to hold the whole thing up.And here's a close-up of Rihanna's jewel- and bead-covered headpiece, which also appears to be embroidered. Riri pulled her hair up into the hat, leaving just a few sleek pieces in front of her ears.  		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Look back at it.We love nothing more than a gown with a gorgeous train and the 2018 Met Gala is giving us what we want.  Amal Clooney chose a dramatic floral ensemble while Riverdale star Lili Reinhart wore a custom H&M dress with a flowy silver train. Of course, we all did a double take as the celebrities walked up the Met Gala stairs. This was the perfect spot for stars to look over their shoulders and give us that signature red carpet pose. Take a look at all the stunning trains, ahead, that say "look back at it"—it'll be hard to choose your favorite.In a Versace dress, custom Christian Louboutin shoes, a custom Judith Lieber bag, and Lorraine Schwartz jewelryIn a Balmain dress and shoes with a Jimmy Choo clutch and Tiffany & Co. jewelryIn VersaceIn an Oscar de la Renta dress and Tiffany & Co. jewelryIn a Dolce & Gabbana gown and jewelry by Fred Leighton and Jennifer FisherIn a Moschino outfitIn a Ralph Lauren gownIn a Tommy Hilfiger gown, Jimmy Choo shoes, and Tiffany & Co. jewelryIn Richard QuinnIn an Atelier Prabal Gurung dress, Tasaki Atelier jewels, and a custom Philip Treacy x Tasaki fleur-de-lis and South Sea pearl head pieceIn a Gareth Pugh x Chrome Hearts dressIn a Prabal Gurung dress, Tasaki jewels, Stuart Weitzman shoes, and a Tyler Ellis clutchIn a custom H&M dress, custom Giuseppe Zanotti shoes, and Featherstone Fine JewelryIn an Oscar de la Renta gown, Tacori jewelry, Manolo Blahnik shoes, and carried a Jeffrey Levinson clutchIn a Versace gown, Jimmy Choo heels, and Tiffany & Co. jewelryIn an Alexander Wang dress and diamond-encrusted framesIn a Prabal Gurung pink dressIn a Ralph Lauren Collection gown and cape. Bag and headpiece were also by the brand. She wore Anita Ko jewelryIn a Prada gown and Lorraine Schwartz jewelryIn a Dolce & Gabbana Alta Moda dressIn a Marc Jacobs outfit with Christian Louboutin shoes and Jennifer Fisher jewelryIn a gown by H&M and Giuseppe Zanotti shoesIn a Michael Kors gown, Loriblu heels, Repossi jewelry, and carried a Tyler Ellis clutchIn a Carolina Herrera gown, Brian Atwood shoes, and Jennifer Meyer jewelryIn a Vassilis Zoulias dress, Giuseppe Zanotti shoes, and a Pericles Kondylatos crownIn a Ralph Lauren Collection dress, Jimmy Choo shoes, Bulgari jewelry, and carried a Jimmy Choo clutchIn Vera Wang and Butani earrings.In a Gaultier Paris Haute Couture gown, Miu Miu boots, Rinaldy Yunardi crown and necklace, Jacob & Co mesh gloves and necklace. She also wore jewelry by Lana Jewelry, Narcisa Pheres, Pascale Monvoisin, and Catherine AngielIn a custom Coach dress and Tiffany & Co. jewelryIn a dress from H&M Conscious Collection, a Michael Schmidt headpiece, Christian Louboutin shoes, Lorraine Schwartz jewels, and carried a Jimmy Choo clutch		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Bella Hadid just appeared on the Met Gala red carpet looking divine—and rather dominatrixy: She's wearing a patent leather corset bustier with a black skirt covered in crosses, and topped it all off with a leather jacket with big, dramatic sleeves that give off vampirey vibes. She also has some dramatic lace-up gloves and a dramatic, intricate veil.The outfit makes sense for the theme celebrating Costume Institute’s new exhibit Heavenly Bodies: Fashion and the Catholic Imagination curated by Andrew Bolton.Twitter had strong feelings about it (as they always do!) and shared their reactions:BELLA HADID DIDN'T COME TO PLAY!! #MetGala pic.twitter.com/fPeun3b258bella hadid baby what is you doing #MetGala pic.twitter.com/nL3kJmclH0Bella Hadid dressed as the bat that lives in the attic of the Catholic Church  #MetGala pic.twitter.com/Jf8fU3jXypLast year Bella wore a sexy, very naked jumpsuit by Alexander Wang:		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The host nailed it on the red carpet.Amal Clooney arrived to the 2018 Met Gala ready to dominate the red carpet. One of the co-hosts of this year's festivities, Amal chose a bold, floral ensemble. She walked arm-in-arm with husband George Clooney while wearing a trouser-meets-dress look by Richard Quinn. The ensemble featured a metallic floral corset with a voluminous skirt. Paired with navy pants, the outfit appeared smart and sophisticated.The unique outfit definitely got Amal noticed on the red carpet—and leave it to George to let his wife stand out. He simply rocked a plain black suit with a bow tie. Scroll to see more photos of Amal.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The theme: Heavenly Bodies.The Met Gala is the fashion event of the year, and for good reason—celebrities make their way to the Metropolitan Museum of Art Costume Institute to raise money for NYC's iconic exhibit, and the outfits never disappoint. This year's theme, Heavenly Bodies: Fashion and the Catholic Imagination, has inspired gorgeous ensembles from jewel-adorned dresses to embellished floral gowns. See the best looks from the night, ahead. In bespoke ALEXACHUNG dressIn Louis VuittonIn a Michael Kors dressIn Versace In an Iris van Herpen dress, Lorraine Schwartz jewelry, and shoes and bag by Brother VelliesIn a Dolce & Gabbana Alta Moda dress and Christian Louboutin shoesIn Marc JacobsIn a Coach dress and bag, Forevermark DiamondsIn Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello In Atelier Versace and Christian Louboutin shoesIn MoschinoIn a Dior dress and Marianna Harutunian crownIn Atelier Versace and Platinum by Tiffany & Co. jewelry In Marchesa In Gentle Monster x Alexander Wang sunglasses, Alexander Wang dress, and Platinum by Chopard earrings; Scott in Christian Louboutin shoesIn Coach and Platinum by Tiffany & Co. jewelry Ashley in a Paco Rabanne dress, Stephen Russell jewelry, and Saint Laurent shoes. Mary-Kate in The Row dress and Paco Robanne tunic, Stephen Russell jewelry, and Saint Laurent shoesIn Dolce & GabbanaIn Jean Paul Gaultier gown, Miu Miu boots, Rinaldy Yunardi crown and necklace, Jacob & Co mesh gloves and necklace, jewelry from Lana Jewelry, Narcisa Pheres, Pascale Monvoisin, and Catherine AngielIn Oscar de la Renta, Le Silla shoes, and Platinum by Tiffany & Co. jewelry In Chanel SS18 couture and Christian Louboutin shoesIn VersaceIn GucciIn Atelier Versace and Christian Louboutin shoesIn Altuzarra In BalmainIn Tommy Hilfiger dress, Stuart Weitzman shoes, Brittny Wood headpiece, and Bvlgari diamondsIn Nicolas GhesquièreIn Marc Jacobs and Christian Louboutin shoes		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She couldn't wait one more second—and neither can we.Rihanna’s lingerie line, Savage, doesn’t come out until May 11, but that isn't stopping the singer from rocking her own pieces. While out in New York City on Saturday, Rihanna chose a lace white camisole top from her collection and wore it with a cropped denim shirt and ripped jeans. The casual outfit was paired with a bold, pink coat that only Riri could pull off. The outerwear featured a poufy, tulle collar, three-quarter sleeves, and a quilted gold design. For her feet she chose clear, lucite pumps, naturally.To top off the look, Rihanna shielded her eyes from the paparazzi with a pair of blue sunglasses, which happened to match her glittery lip. Consider this the hype outfit to get everyone excited about her new lingerie line, which clearly does not need to be limited to underwear.Riri will be co-hosting the Met Gala tonight (along with Amal Clooney and Donatella Versace), and frankly we are counting down the minutes until we get to see what the performer/designer wears to the year's biggest night in fashion.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Hint: It's not a suit.With the royal wedding just days away, we've been imagining every possible detail—mostly focusing on Meghan Markle because we're way too excited to see the bride-to-be's dress, hairstyle, and jewelry. But what will Prince Harry wear to his wedding? "As a nod of respect to the Queen, I think Harry will wear his traditional uniform," says British bridal designer Caroline Castigliano, MarieClaire.com's royal wedding expert. "It is likely he will wear the uniform of the Captain General Royal Marines, which is a role he has recently taken over from his grandfather, Prince Phillip."Following the Duke of Edinburgh's retirement from his public duties, the Queen appointed Prince Harry to the role in December. It's likely he'll choose to wear his royal regalia just like his brother, Prince William, did when he married Kate Middleton in 2011.William wore a Colonel of the Irish Guards uniform, which included a traditional bright red coat. According to CNN, the buttons placed on the coat were positioned in groups of four to "symbolize the Irish Guards' position in the Order of Battle as the Fourth Regiment of Foot Guards."The outfit was reportedly custom designed with special heat-absorbing material so that William wouldn't faint on live television. Russell Kashket, who helped tailor the coat, said that no one takes the groom's outfit into consideration."Everybody worries about what the bride will wear, but no one seems to think that the groom also wants to look his best on the day," Kashket told the Daily Mail. Kashket explained that the two, "worked together to get the look he wanted, while making sure he didn't pass out in front of two billion people. We added micro sweat pads under the arms and used less padding."Though his uniform was specially made, many people were confused (and some were upset) that William didn't choose to wear his air force attire since he is a Flight Lieutenant in the RAF. But, the prince also holds an honorary rank in the Irish guards. And reportedly, the Queen preferred he wear the red uniform over his RAF one. As for Harry, who served in the military for 10 years, it's very likely he'll keep the tradition and wear some kind of uniform—whether it's the regalia of the Blues and Royals, the cavalry regiment of the British Army that Prince Harry joined in 2006, which he wore to Will and Kate's wedding, or his Captain General Royal Marines ensemble. "I think all the wonderful people at the Invictus Games would want to see Harry in his uniform on that day," Castigliano says. No matter what he chooses to wear, surely we'll see Harry looking equally as happy as this photo, below, when he sees Meghan in her wedding dress, walking down the aisle.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Here are the best looks from the 29th Annual GLAAD Media Awards at The New York Hilton Midtown. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			We are just not worthy. When it comes to fashion (or anything, really), RiRi is no shrinking violet. On any given day, she's introducing a daring new trend or styling trick and making it look effortless. Here, find every single time the Barbadian bombshell left us awestruck with her head-to-toe look.Wearing a Yankees hat and jacket and camo pants while attending the Gucci store opening party. Wearing a Wu Wear long sleeve shirt, posted on Instagram.Posted on Instagram.In Prada at the Parisian premiere of Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets.At the European Premiere of Valerian And The City Of A Thousand Planets. At LAX in Fenty X Puma Fall 2017 velour track suit and Balenciaga ankle boots.Out in New York City, she loosens up in an off-the-shoulder, belted denim jacket, long skirt, and, once again, Raen sunglasses. Leaving L.A. after her pop-up shop appearance, she upgrades her black sweats, blue hoodie, and bomber with her own Fenty x Puma satin slides and her favorite Raen sunglasses. RiRi surprised fans at her pop-up Fenty x Puma in L.A. donning a pale green windbreaker-style dress and pointed-toe sneaker style pumps, designed by none other than herself. RiRi shut down Coachella for the second day in a row, stepping out in a oversized denim jacket with a train, as well as white, thigh-high platform boots. Rihanna wore a grey puffy coat, white Raen sunglasses, black sweatpants, socks, and sandals at LAX after a trip to Japan. She painted the town olive in a monogrammed, oversize trench, coordinating boots, and a slogan hat. RiRi attended the Roc Nation Pre-Grammy party wearing an orange Delpozo crop top and white trousers with pointy-toed white pumps. Rihanna rocks a reversible camo print coat and pants combo with a gray hoodie underneath while out in New York. Rihanna bundles up in chilly NYC wearing an oversized black and red hooded coat. She wore an orange baseball cap underneath with crisp white sneakers. RiRi heads out in New York wearing a turtleneck red sweatsuit with a glossy black jacket and *huge* hoops. Rihanna stepped out in NYC wearing the comfiest of outfits and proved that even in sweats, she's still totally stylish. Rihanna stepped out in Barbados wearing *super* high-waisted striped pants and a structured white shirt, both by Jacquemus, with pointed white pumps and orange sunglasses. She also wore a red ribbon in honor of World AIDS Day. Rihanna wore a printed one-shoulder dress with strappy black heels and hoop earrings while in Barbados with Prince Harry. Only Rihanna could combine a baseball cap and Chopard jewelry. RiRi wore a velvet long sleeved shirt with a matching velvet skirt and Puma by Rihanna creepers to the 30th FN Achievement Awards in New York.At the Dior Spring 2017 show in Paris, Rihanna wore an embellished dress and strappy sandals, looking chic and badass all at once, as only Rihanna can. In Paris, RiRi stepped out in a black hoodie worn as a dress, white tank, and thigh-high fur boots because she just DGAF.Out in West Hollywood, RiRi wore a white button-down top worn off the shoulders and unbuttoned on the bottom to show off her midriff. She paired it with white shorts, a mini Louis Vuitton bag, and strappy sandals. Because RiRi can never pack too much denim into one look, she hit the street in NYC donning an asymmetrical denim dress paired with matching culottes. She accented the look with a baseball cap, navy suede boots, and a Louis Vuitton handle bag. The pants we all loved to wear in the '90s—and the pants every prankster loved to rip open when you least expected it—Rihanna's snap-up trackpants are giving us all the nostalgia. Following the VMAs, RiRi continued to be the woman of the hour in a green fringe jumpsuit, matching satin heels, and hoop earrings. She punctuated the look with a dark plum lip.Rihanna opted for maximum comfort on her way to VMA rehearsals in NYC in these slouchy boyfriend jeans and a loose-fitting, off-the-shoulder top. Still packing on the warmth despite the summer heat, she stepped out in yet another Trapstar tracksuit. She complemented the pink sweatshirt and black sweatpants with white trainers.She may have left the puffer coat at home, but RiRi kept dressing for the non-existent cold in an army green Trapstar tracksuit and black Fenty x Puma trainers.Because no one is more ready for fall than RiRi, she returned to NYC after 31 stops on the European leg of her ANTI world tour wearing a snug brown puffer coat, T-shirt, distressed skinny jeans, and boots.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Kendall Jenner, Madonna, and many other stars have taken some pretty risqué risks at the fashion event.The Met Gala—the Super Bowl of Fashion—requires an OTT oufit. And for some celebrities, over the top means extremely revealing (a.k.a "naked dresses"). Over the past 70 years of the Met Gala, we've seen just about everything from bare backs to side boobs to sky-high slits. Click through to see some of the most scandalous dresses your favorite stars have worn to the event. While the dresses weren't quite as scandalous in the 80s, Diana Ross' ruffled can-can-like dress was definitely a show stopper.Cher has worn a number of revealing dresses to events over the years, but this one is particularly memorable. The sparkly, sheer, mesh top only has strategically placed feather-shaped embellishments to hide her breasts. Dresses worn during the 80s to the Met Gala weren't quite as scandalous as ones we see celebrities wearing today. Rather, they tended to mimic figure-skater costumes with their mesh tops (seen on the previous slide, too). Gina Lollobrigida's dress might not be all that outrageous, but it's definitely noteworthy for its sheer fabric, sensuous cleavage, and gold embellishments that make her look goddess-like.Geraldo Rivera's now ex-wife, C.C Dyer, wore a brown-and-black tulle dress to the 1989 Met Gala—and her boobs were clearly outlined in the mesh fabric.While it's not all the scandalous, in 1990 David Bowie's soon-to-be wife wore a tight-fitting dress that accentuated her cleavage. Kelly clearly has an affinity for sheer gowns. Calvin and Kelly also attended the Met Gala the previous year, and Kelly's stunning gold dress was fairly see-through and featured a high side-slit that showed off her left leg.The man behind the popular fashion house and his now ex-wife, Kelly Klein, attended the Met Gala in 1992. Kelly wore a sparkly, almost see-through gown. The Wonder Woman actress and Robert Trump's now ex-wife became Met Gala friends, undoubtedly because they both decided to wear sheer-top gowns in 1993 to celebrate Diana Vreeland: Immoderate Style. The American model attended the Met Gala in a tight, black, latex dress with multiple circular cut-outs that revealed her midriff. During the 1995 Met Gala, both Goldie Hawn and Clarissa Bronfman, pictured together here, wore scandalous dresses. Hawn's nipples are visible through her satin gown, and Bronfman's entire flower-stitched gown was see-through, too. When model Linda Evangelista attended the Met Gala in 1996 with her then-fiancé Kyle MacLachlan, she opted to wear a brown, textured gown sans bra—and her nipples were noticeably visible.Fulcrum Gallery desinger Valerie Monroe Shakespeare wore a dress with a completely see-through top—and she decided to forgo a bra or nipple pasties. Quite a scandalous option!Designer Vera Wang made a statement when she wore a see-through, lace-y black dress during the 1998 Met Gala.Liz Hurley walked the Met Gala red carpet in 1999 wearing a black black taffeta gown with an intense plunging neckline and dramatic side-slit. Victoria Beckham made a bold decision when she wore a see-through silver-and-gold, tulle dress in 2001. In 2004, Donald Trump proposed to Melania Knauss during the Met Gala—and now, as the present-day first lady, she wouldn't be caught in anything exposing as much skin as this midriff-revealing gown. In 2005, actor Richard Gere and his then-wife Carey Lowell attended the Met Gala, and she wore a black gown that's tasteful with a side of scandal: lace-y cutouts around her waist and up the front of the dress.During the 2006 Met Gala, the spokesmodel, pictured here with Scott Henschel, wore a revealing cutout gown, showing off her bare midriff and cleavage.Backless gowns are quite a Met Gala trend—celebrities including Jessica Simpson, Gisele Bündchen, and Renee Zellweger have all be spotted on the red carpet wearing them. Gisele Bündchen rolled up to the 2008 Met Gala in a blush pink, satin Versace gown that completely exposed her back and also featured a deep-V neckline and side cut-outs. In 2009, Kerr showed off her bare midriff in a Jill Sanders black fringe dress that's reminiscent of Rose McGowan's iconic chain dress from the 1998 VMA Awards. Blake Lively shook things up a bit when she chose to wear a very short, one-shoulder dress to the Met Gala in 2010. It's typical for celebrities to wear elegant gowns to the event, and Lively's ruffled blue dress stood out from the crowd.The actress daringly walked the Met Gala red carpet in a dramatic backless, gold Carolina Herrera gown, showing off her muscular definition. Heidi Klum stepped on the 2012 Met Gala red carpet in a barely-there lace Escada gown, and naturally, heads were turning, especially because of the dress' high side-slit. Rosie Huntington-Whiteley opted for a black and gold Gucci gown with a sheer, mesh top for the 2013 Met Gala.In 2014, Chrissy flaunted a little side boob in her custom-designed Ralph Lauren gown outside the Met. Though she was the last one to arrive to the 2015 Met Gala, Beyoncé made quite the statement in this Givenchy sheer, pink-and-green-bejeweled dress. In 2016, Madonna stepped out on the red carpet in an outfit with fabric cutouts exposing her boobs—but her nipples were covered by black diamond pasties. Like Kendall Jenner, the singer's backside wasn't covered, revealing her strap-y thong.Kendall Jenner wore a sheer chainmail dress with an asymmetrical shoulder-to-hip slit to last year's Met Gala. From the back, Jenner's black thong is clearly visible, making it quite a scandalous "naked dress."		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			*Books vacation aboard the Chanel liner immediately*When it comes to runway shows, Chanel knows how to pull out all the stops. So it should hardly come as a surprise that Thursday, for its Cruise 2019 show in Paris, the fashion house brought an actual cruise ship onto its runway.The larger-than-life liner, named 'La Pausa' after Gabrielle Chanel's summer house on the French Riviera, served as the ultimate backdrop to the fashion house's nautical-inspired collection. After models boarded the Chanel-branded ship alongside Karl Lagerfeld for the grand finale, the ship then opened up to guests, making for the ultimate photo op.  As for the collection itself, there were plenty of white and navy stripes, berets, and straw hats perfect for your next getaway on the French Riviera. There was also, of course, no shortage of Chanel's signature tweed in the form of skirt suits and dresses. Perhaps most striking, however, was the fact that nearly every look was worn with a pair of white tights—an item that's been passé in the fashion world for quite some time now. Bella Hadid hit the runway in a blue two-piece set accessorized with a tweed beret and pearl belt.Stella Maxwell, Adut Akech, Gigi, and Bella Hadid were amongst some of the models who walked the show. Chanel regulars including Kristen Stewart—who wore a black sparkling tuxedo dress— and Lily-Rose Depp were amongst those sitting in the front row. This, of course, is hardly the first time Chanel went big with the set of its runway show. In the past, the fashion house has transformed its runway set into a space station, supermarket, airport, carousel, and more. From: Harper's BAZAAR US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Spoiler: They’re made from quality materials (that will last), the fit is ah-mazing, and you’ll support local workers in LA. Finding the perfect pair of jeans can be a lifelong struggle. But when you do, it’s like magic. For AG, that magic is created at a can't-believe-it-all-happens-here warehouse in Los Angeles. Hundreds of people and dozens of weird-looking machines work on creating denim that not only fits you just right, but is also made to last.There are 15 unique steps to creating a pair of AG jeans, and experts carry each one out meticulously. Basically, the AG factory is like Willy Wonka's chocolate factory IRL. Massive washing machines that could fit football teams fill one room, while another has pant mannequins with inflatable booties. Upstairs, hundreds of sewing machines fill a giant airy space. “There are a lot of moving parts and a lot of people that help make it happen,” says AG’s senior designer Sandy Oh (below, wearing the white lacy top and cool jeans). "AG’s president hand-selects fabrics and blends, and then the company imports them from Japan and Italy." The cloth is cut into jigsaw-like pieces that’ll eventually become jeans, and then left to sit overnight so the fabric can shrink to the right size. “Once the pattern pieces are cut, they’re bundled onto carts by style and size and begin moving around the factory to be assembled,” Oh says. “The sewing department pieces the jeans together one at a time, with each person tending to a specific task to create expertise and efficiency.” Then it’s time to give each pair a signature look. “For vintage washes, sanding and distressing is done freehand for an authentic look,” she says. “We also have 13 laser machines that burn in specific patterns created in-house, specific to each style.” Imagine a massive machine that burns each jeans with a laser beam—very futuristic. Next comes the wash process, the result of tons of testing with specific formulas to get the shade and rinse juuust right. “We also use a filtration system that recycles a portion of water back into the washer,” she adds.Last up? The finishing touches: Buttons, rivets, leather patches, and labels are added, and then the jeans are done. Oh wears a piece of AG every day, and for her denim is life. She never gets bored of it.“My first job out of fashion school was with a denim company, and for the last 12 years I’ve worked as a designer for a handful of different denim brands,” she says. "Denim is a staple in my closet. My go-to uniform is jeans and a white t-shirt/tank, a blazer or a structured jacket, and either a great white sneaker or if I’m feeling dressy than a great pair of heels—and I'm not afraid to wear heels at work. You can never get bored of denim. There are so many ways to style it, from classic to street to feminine to edgy."A white t-shirt in unexpected fabrications (like oversized lace), or proportions, can also be more exciting than a simple white t-shirt. A feminine top like this one dresses up distressed denim that might seem too weekend-y. “The Phoebe (worn above) is an editorial favorite,” says Oh. “It’s high-waisted, has a tapered leg, and offers a super flattering, old-school inspired silhouette."If you’re wearing jeans with fraying and different colors, keep your top business-like. A blazer and t-shirt is always polished, says Oh, and a go-to look for her. Her trick to balancing denim with a sharp jacket? Look for a fashion forward jean (like the Isabelle), that combines a genius crossed over waistband and individually washed panels on the legs. "The high-rise straight crop is very much influenced by a great pair of vintage jeans," she says. "It’s a great one for our cool, sophisticated modern girl." Oh's also a fan of combining different colors, prints, and textures. "I love mixing and matching trends and looks, high to low. Right now I am very much into athletic influences with a touch of unexpected femininity."There are a few key things to keep in mind when looking for jeans, says Oh: “Make sure the wash is top-quality. The jeans should look like they’ve been lived-in. The fading, whiskering, and distressing all need to look authentic—like they happened over time from natural wear and tear. Then, make sure they feel good! The fabric should be well made but soft, and the fit should be impeccable."Look for a pair that fits well—proper fit always looks more work-worthy—and top them with a businesslike blouse in crisp cotton or soft silk. “The Farrah Skinny Ankle is a great fix for a lot of women,” Oh says. “It complements so many body types and suits any style. It’s a skinny with a higher rise, and the fabric blends it’s offered in all have really great stretch and recovery for all-day comfort.” The Phoebe in Bering Wave, $225 SHOPThe Isabelle in 21 years Illusion, $355 SHOPThe Farrah in 21 Years Blue Nile, $225 SHOPThe Isabelle in 13 Years Saltwater, $225 SHOPThe Farrah in Bungalow Blue, $188 SHOPPhotography by Cheyenne Ellis, Styling by Tara Lamont-Djite, Hair and Makeup by Lauren Lancaster		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Um, $7 earrings? Yes, please. If you, like me, have previously run the other way at the first mention of J.Crew because of the brand's "preppy" reputation and high price tag, newsflash: We're both missing out. The clothing retailer is currently having a major sale with a ton of items on offer for an additional 50 percent off. That includes a $14 bodysuit and the leather satchel of my dreams. Shop the best of the sale before it ends on May 3, ahead. J.Crew, $15SHOP ITExtra 50 percent off with the code, "Hooray." J.Crew, $100SHOP ITExtra 50 percent off with the code, "Hooray." J.Crew, $33SHOP ITExtra 25 percent off with the code, "Hooray." New Balance x J.Crew, $60SHOP ITExtra 50 percent off with the code, "Hooray." J.Crew, $70SHOP ITExtra 25 percent off with the code, "Hooray." J.Crew, $100SHOP ITExtra 50 percent off with the code, "Hooray." J.Crew, $70SHOP ITExtra 50 percent off with the code, "Hooray." J.Crew, $150SHOP ITExtra 50 percent off with the code, "Hooray." J.Crew, $204SHOP ITExtra 50 percent off with the code, "Hooray." J.Crew, $35SHOP ITExtra 50 percent off with the code, "Hooray." J.Crew, $14SHOP ITExtra 25 percent off with the code, "Hooray." J.Crew, $66SHOP ITExtra 25 percent off with the code, "Hooray." J.Crew, $8SHOP ITTwenty percent off of these life-savers, no code necessary.J.Crew, $20SHOP ITExtra 50 percent off with the code, "Hooray." J.Crew, $60SHOP ITAn office staple that's already 31 percent off! J.Crew, $30SHOP ITExtra 50 percent off with the code, "Hooray." J.Crew, $60SHOP ITHello, 32 percent off! J.Crew, $65SHOP ITSelect colors 15 percent off. J.Crew, $42SHOP ITThis super flattering pair is already 66 percent off. J.Crew, $70SHOP ITTwenty-eight percent off this baby. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			And they are truly INSANE.A few months ago, I made a bad decision. Or, okay, at the very least, a questionable decision. After a rousing night out with friends, during which some drinky drinks may have been consumed, I came home, spent my usual two hours scrolling through social media, and saw an ad that made my burry little brain go, “Oh, shit, okaaaay!”The ad? A really sketchy, scammy-looking video of completely indestructible, rip-proof, tear-proof, apocalypse-proof tights. I’m talking two minutes of a woman unsuccessfully trying to poke a hole through these tights with a knife, before failing to slice them open with a box cutter, before sticking a pineapple in them and cutting through said pineapple with a cleaver—no harm to the tights whatsoever. I mean, can you imagine how that would look to a tipsy mind? Harry Potter–level magical.And so, against my better sober judgement, I bought them. I went to the sketchy site called Little Play Land (although I've seen them on a bunch of other sketchy sites, too, so who knows where they originated), which has a sketchy, clipart-looking logo, along with a sketchy, barely English product description: “Super Flexible Magical Stockings. This tights also super thin that you can compare it to how thin the cicada's wings are.” But did any of that deter me? Hell, nah. Bought those suckers for the low, low price of $14.97. (Thankfully, the website did offer PayPal as a payment option, which means my identity and credit card info were probably not stolen). I then went to sleep and completely forgot about this purchase. But a cool seven weeks later, a pair of magical stockings arrived at my door, housed in a war-torn envelope covered in a billion foreign stamps.I ripped open the packaging, half expecting the tights to dissolve into a pile of ash in my hands, but, surprisingly, the material—vaguely described as a “super elastic material” on the website (which, um, isn’t that just elastic?)—were ridiculously soft and hella sturdy. As my co-worker said when she felt them, “This is the kind of material you know will give you a yeast infection”—i.e. not breathable at all.As for how they actually felt on my legs, I couldn’t tell you. The tights are supposedly one-size-fits-all, which didn't worry me initially, considering every photo depicts a woman splaying them around her body like a tent. Seeing as I am a woman, not a tent, I figured they'd fit fine.But no—these tights were apparently made for a cartoon stick figure with lines instead of limbs. Though they could easily be stretched the length of my body (times two), the legs themselves could barely stretch out wide enough to accommodate my arm. Seriously—I managed to wriggle them up to my knees before the material became an impossible compression wrap, like one of those paper finger traps you had as a kid.After trying to fit them over every part of my body and failing, I gave up and stuck a bunch of sharp shit in them, trying to see how quickly I could destroy them. Surprisingly, they were really resilient. I didn’t have a pineapple or a samurai sword or a box cutter or a cleaver, but I did have scissors and some rings. First, I scratched a line down the tights with the tip of my sharpest scissors. No rips or runs. I rubbed my sharpest, most annoying rings across the surface of them. No snags. I wrapped them around my body like a boa constrictor, stretched them from one side of the room to the other, and bit them. No rips at all.   Then, I tried cutting them, like the photo on the website shows the model doing. And boom—they cut clean through, like any normal fabric. I also tried piercing and skewering my scissors through the tights, as evident in the photo at the start of this article, and, a second after the photo was taken, they tore through the tights, leaving behind a big hole. Granted, I don’t think this is a totally fair test, since I don’t imagine too many people will be attacked with scissors in their daily tights-wearing, but I’m nothing if not thorough.   Overall, I’d rate these tights a 10/10 for resilience, and a 0/10 for practicality, solely because they are not at all wearable by any adult human ever. And I realize that there are plenty of very tiny, skinny adult humans out there, but considering the fact that I couldn’t get these tights comfortably up my arm, I can’t in good faith recommend anyone buy them to wear on their legs. Of course, I may have just gotten a pair from bad, faulty batch, but I’m not about to spend another $15 to find out. At least, not until my next happy hour.   		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Many companies act like there's only room for one woman at the top—Rothy's has six.The world of women’s shoes has a lot of men in it. Think of Christian Louboutin and Manolo Blahnik, or Stuart Weitzman and Steve Madden. Two more recently entered the fray: Stephen Hawthornthwaite and Roth Martin, founders of Rothy’s, a San Francisco e-commerce startup that makes flats fancied by the tech set.Yet as Rothy’s expands—including opening its first retail store this week—the male founders have put together a senior management team comprised entirely of women. Five of the six women joined the company in the last ten months, including Kerry Cooper, a veteran of Modcloth and Levi’s, as the new president and chief operating officer, and Elie Donahue, now vice president of marketing, who has held positions at Pinterest and Sephora.   In a group interview, along with discussing shoes, these six executives describe a kind of workplace utopia, one without ego but with trust and vulnerability, where office politics are kept to a minimum and work-life balance is actually possible.“Just like the women we’re creating shoes for, we’re trying to do everything,” says Donahue.   Rothy’s colorful flats line the cubicles of Silicon Valley and dot sidewalks of cities on both coasts. The shoes are easy to spot because they're so distinctive, with a 3D-knitted top made from recycled water bottles. The shoes, priced from $125 to $165, come in three styles: a round and a pointy-toe flat as well as a loafer, in a wide array of colors and patterns. Fans say they are drawn to the brand's comfort, style, and sustainability. And people who wear Rothy’s seem to really love Rothy’s—a stop-you-on-the-street-to-rave-about-them kind of love. Their customers are enthusiastic, engaged, approaching cult-like.The founders, longtime friends, had heard from many women in their lives that there was a need for a versatile, comfortable shoe that wasn’t a sneaker or a flip flop. They spent three years developing the first two styles. Both Hawthornthwaite, a former finance guy, and Martin, the co-founder of a design gallery, were new to the shoe industry. Before launching in 2016, they recruited another friend, Erin Lowenberg, who had extensive experience at Gap, as a consultant. What was intended as a short-term gig turned into a pivotal hire: Lowenberg is now the creative director.   “The only way we can help women grow is to bring your whole self to work.” In compiling the rest of their team, the founders were open about what they didn’t know. Hawthornthwaite and Martin’s candor surprised Lesley Clifford, who joined Rothy’s last July as director of merchandising. When Clifford worked as a shoe buyer for a major retailer, she grew accustomed to someone else telling her how to do her job. It was a familiar profile: “A guy, who could be my uncle, in his 60s, saying, ‘No, no, that’s not a good shoe. This is a good shoe,’” she recalls. It was off-putting and unhelpful, she says. After all, Clifford was the demographic of the customer she was buying for—not the older men.   Hawthornthwaite says he was impressed by Clifford’s ability to spot trends and forecast what would sell. Take the Marigold Point, a deep, golden yellow version of its pointy-toe flat, which was supposed to retire after the 2017 fall season. Clifford pushed to keep it. “The color is timeless, and, frankly, it looks great with jeans,” she asserts. Many months later, it’s still one of the brand’s best sellers.   That ability to dissent is important to Kerry Cooper, Rothy’s new president, who came on board in February. Biting your tongue or worrying how something might come across kills collaborative culture, she says. Yet it’s critical that others receive the feedback with an open mind, Cooper adds, preferring “I hadn’t thought about it that way” as a response, instead of “I need to prove to you why I’m right.”  Cooper, who has also worked at Walmart and mentors students who want to start their own companies as an entrepreneur-in-residence at Harvard Business School, recalls her early days at consultancy McKinsey & Co. Her female boss always wore blue suits and never displayed a picture of her children. Cooper, a mom to two teens, is cognizant of being a better model for her own employees.“The only way we can help women grow is to bring your whole self in,” she says. “I want to show what’s it like to make this balance work.” Kids are welcome, and often present, in the office—not just as back-up childcare, but so that they can see what their parents do. And Cooper frowns upon the trickle-down effect of late-night emailing, when the boss sends an email and everyone feels the need to respond. “It’s a lack of respect for your human being-ness,” she says.  Building trust in the workplace requires a certain amount of vulnerability, too. Admitting your faults or calling yourself out on a mistake makes you more approachable, Cooper has found. Recently the team voiced concerns over aspects of a new product and recommended delaying the launch. “It was something we had spent considerable time and investment in,” Cooper says. “It wasn’t an obvious choice.” After a meeting with a handful of key players, it became clear that delaying was the right decision. “That’s how you keep great employees,” she says.    On a recent weekday afternoon, the six women gathered in the brand’s main conference room to talk openly about asking for a raise (ask for what you are worth, Cooper says) and crying in the office (“It’s not something you really want to have happen,” Cooper says, but if you feel tears coming on, give yourself permission to do it; trying to stop makes it worse. “To be clear, I run to the bathroom every time.”). They were dressed in classic San Francisco office casual attire: unstructured white blouses or chunky sweaters, distressed denim, and, of course, Rothy’s flats. They all wore the new loafer style, with two in each the dark red and leopard print, one in black-gray camo and another in heather gray.The group grew most animated when discussing shoes and the intimate relationship women have with them, their ability to make a look or break a day. “To leave your house at the beginning of the day and feel pulled together is everything,” says Donahue. And if those shoes fail you? What about when it’s two in the afternoon and you start to feel a blister? “Then it’s too late!” bemoans Cooper. “If you dare take them off, you will never get them on again,” Clifford groans. Given the unique feel of the 3D-knitted Rothy’s styles, these kinds of insights are an invaluable part of the development process.  It becomes clear, quite quickly, that the women like one another. Not just tolerate as a co-worker, as in I like you because I sit next to you, but more of a I like to spend my days with you. One of Cooper’s go-to boxes to tick before hiring—Is this person someone you would like to be stuck on a layover with?—has clearly yielded the desired results. Clifford regularly sees Lowenberg, the creative director, and Lauren Taflinger, director of production and R&D, on weekends. “We have real friendships outside the office,” Clifford says.   “What are people doing when they are sitting in their chair? That doesn’t inspire creative energy.”What about the clichés that plague women, of cattiness or cliques? “People can be emotional,” Donahue says, but it never veers into destructive territory. Even internal politics are kept to a minimum, says Heather Howard, Rothy’s vice president of operations and people. Howard credits the office’s open-floor plan, without doors to shut or hallways to whisper in. The team is still small enough—about 30 people in the San Francisco office, only nine of whom are men—that everybody has a hand in just about everything. “If I’m going to grab popcorn, I can see what they are working on, I can be involved,” says Howard. The entryway has a big L-shaped gray sectional, where employees can work on their laptops. And it’s not uncommon to see folks working on the floor, sorting product or having an impromptu shoe trying-on party whenever a box of samples arrives.   Indeed, it does not feel like the hyper-competitive, socially awkward office setting of a typical tech company depicted on HBO’s Silicon Valley. Although it does look the part of an e-commerce startup, occupying a former art gallery in the historic Jackson Square neighborhood with a communal kitchen where people gather and an array of top-notch snacks (melon pomelo La Croix, anyone?).   It’s an entirely different vibe from the major department store where Taflinger began her career. Being at your desk from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. was not only celebrated, but required. “What are people doing when they are sitting in their chair?” she says. “That doesn’t inspire creative energy.”  At Rothy’s nobody is keeping tabs on who's first in the office or last to leave. “What you bring back to the office when you are thriving in your life, as a woman, adds more value than some time clock,” says Lowenberg. There are 1,440 minutes in a day—that’s right, Lowenberg looked it up—and there is only so much you can do, she says. Her advice is to not get too hung up on the imperfections of a particular hour or day but rather consider what you accomplish in a week or a month.“We are humans,” she says. “We have families, we have dogs, things happen, we cover each other,” she continues, “and we trust each other that we will figure it out.”		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Hits and misses and everything in between.The Met Gala, otherwise known as the Oscars of fashion, is a sartorial playground for Hollywood to experiment with its style. The annual fundraising event has brought us headpieces and sweeping trains, a boatload of feathers and jewels, and some of the most breathtaking fashion moments we've ever seen. Ahead of this year's event, "Heavenly Bodies: Fashion and the Catholic Imagination" on May 7, we're looking at what some of our favorite red carpet stars have worn throughout the years. A Dolce & Gabbana tuxedo.A white Stella McCartney crop top and ruched skirt.A custom Guo Pei fur-trimmed silk cape and headdress that launched a thousand memes.A Comme des Garçons dress covered with paillettes.A stunning red DVF dress. A custom Tommy Hilfiger dress.An asymmetrical, off-the-shoulder Tommy Hilfiger dress.A Balmain sequined dress at her first-ever Met Gala.A naked Versace dress.A floor-length Diane von Furstenberg gown.A white cut-out Vera Wang dress.A Louis Vuitton dress and boots.A cream Coach dress.A creamy colored strapless gown by Armani Prive.A sheer Givenchy gown covered with floral jeweled embellishments.A body-hugging latex Givenchy gown.A custom-designed Topshop dress.A sparkling green Calvin Klein gown. A cut-out Atelier Versace gown. A glitter La Perla slip dress.A custom, black and white Oscar de la Renta gown with evening gloves.A white capri-pant and button-down-coat. A custom Topshop dress with embroidered flowers. A strapless black Givenchy gown.An Alexander Wang bodysuit. A floor-length blue snake print dress with a keyhole detail.A pale purple Prada mini-dress.A hot pink Valentino dress with sheer paneling across the front and sleeves.A one-shoulder Calvin Klein dress.A black floral gown by Lanvin.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Yes, there is such thing as a "hatinator."Much like the royals who attend church, weddings, and other special events with extravagant headgear, Kentucky Derby attendees come decked out in the most over-the-top hats for the annual horse races. In fact, the accessories are so similar—wide brims, bright colors, flowers, and lots of decorative pieces—it's hard to tell whether they're being worn at Kensington Palace or Churchill Downs. Allow us to inspire your hat game with these nearly identical royal and Derby looks throughout the years, then shop our favorite variations. Shop similar: Amazon, $26SHOP ITThe Queen looks happier than ever during Easter Sunday church service at St. George's Chapel in this pink straw hat, adorned with flowers. She seems to prefer hats to fascinators—a kind of formal millinery worn as an alternative to a full-coverage hat, typically on the front or side of the head, popular amongst Brits.Shop similar: Amazon, $32SHOP ITA Kentucky Derby attendee wears a similar hat variation to the Queen, taking it to the next level with mesh flowers covering the entire headpiece. Shop similar: Maison Michel, $382SHOP ITThis is one of the more understated looks worn by Princess Beatrice, the granddaughter of the Queen. Her wide-brim headpiece seen at Easter Church service mirrors a fascinator, which we'll call a hatinator—it doesn't necessarily go over the entire head, but it very much resembles a hat. (Very important difference, people.) Shop similar: Eugenia Kim, $1,295SHOP ITThis Derby attendee's topper crosses over to the hatinator side as well with its wide, angled brim, similar to Princess Beatrice's. Shop similar: Philip Treacy, $1,225SHOP ITRoyals like Princess Anne, the daughter of the Queen and Prince Philip, don't mess around when it comes to matching their accessories to their outfit. Shop similar: Eugenia Kim, $465SHOP ITNeither does this Derby-goer, who also matches her big-bowed hat to her ensemble. Shop similar: Eugenia Kim, $435SHOP ITPrincess Diana's elegant, wide-brimmed  hat, worn in '92, is a classic example that not all accessories have to be over-the-top to make a statement. Shop similar: Marzi, $400SHOP ITThe same goes for simple Kentucky Derby hats like this one, which, with it's sun-blocking power, seems just as likely to be spotted on the French Riviera.Shop similar: Amazon, $45SHOP ITAs evidenced by Kate Middleton at her sister Pippa Middleton's wedding last year, fascinators don't always look "out of place"—especially when they match an outfit perfectly.  Shop similar: Eugenia Kim, $795SHOP ITIntroducing the Americanized, Blair Waldorf–approved version of the fascinator—one step fancier than a decorative headband.Shop similar: Amazon, $12SHOP ITAnother royal fascinator, seeming to defy the laws of gravity, sits sideways atop the head of Zara Tindall, Prince William and Prince Harry's cousin. This one is likely fastened with a clip. Shop similar: Amazon, $14SHOP ITThis Derby fascinator is so similar to Zara Tindall's that, if this equestrian fan wasn't wearing a horseshoe necklace, you might have mistaken her for a royal cousin.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Lookin' at all the non-traditional brides out there. Sarah Jessica Parker wants to design your wedding dress. In a new partnership with Gilt, the actress-slash-shoe-designer is now venturing into the bridal market with a ready-to-wear bridal line. SJP is keeping the non-traditional bride in mind, which is why the collection will be a mix of 10 different styles of dresses, bodysuits, skirts, and jumpsuits. So yes, the collection will host basically every outfit you need from your bridal shower to your wedding day. The best part? The pieces come in a wide array of colors including white, black, blush, gray, blue, and red. Prices range from $295 to $2,395 with sizes from zero to 14. Gilt will also offer 15 exclusive styles of SJP's shoe collection so you have access to an entire bridal wardrobe. Shop our favorites, below. SJP by Sarah Jessica Parker, $475SHOP ITSJP by Sarah Jessica Parker, $625SHOP ITSJP by Sarah Jessica Parker, $1,795SHOP ITSJP by Sarah Jessica Parker, $465SHOP ITSJP by Sarah Jessica Parker, $475SHOP ITSJP by Sarah Jessica Parker, $325SHOP ITSJP by Sarah Jessica Parker, $425SHOP ITSJP by Sarah Jessica Parker, $795SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			This isn't the first time the Duchess of Cambridge has paid homage to her late mother-in-law.All eyes were on Kate Middleton as she walked out of St. Mary's Hospital in London on Monday with Prince William just hours after giving birth to her third child. The Duchess of Cambridge stunned with a bright red three quarter-sleeve dress, which seemed incredibly reminiscent of the look Princess Diana chose to wear for her royal baby reveal with Prince Harry in 1984. Kate and Diana's dresses are both the same shade of crimson, and feature a white collar around the neckline. The Duchess of Cambridge also chose to pair the ensemble with classic pearl earrings like her late mother-in-law did.A tribute to Diana? Kate chose similar designs as Diana did when introducing the world to her first and second sons. pic.twitter.com/qItPufwghyThis is not the first time Kate has draw inspiration from Princess Diana's sense of style. She has noticeably channeled Diana's looks in at least 37 other occasions, which include a red houndstooth suit, an all-red ski outfit, and flowing red gown.What is the royals' fascination with color red? In the documentary The Queen at 90, Sophie, Countess of Wessex explained that it is customary for royalty to want to wear bright colors in order to stand out in a crowd."She needs to stand out for people to be able to say 'I saw the Queen,'" Sophie said of Queen Elizabeth. "Don't forget that when she turns up somewhere, the crowds are two, three, four, ten, 15 deep, and someone wants to be able to say they saw a bit of the Queen's hat as she went past." According to ColorPsychology.org, the color red attracts attention more than any other color.For the reveal, Kate not only chose a dress that is a standout color, but also from one of her favorite designers. According to royal correspondent Richard Palmer, the red dress was designed by British fashion designer Jenny Packham.Kate in Jenny Packham pic.twitter.com/IZNpuDXar3 The Duchess of Cambridge wore Packham in both of her previous reveals following the births of Prince George and Princess Charlotte. Below she is pictured wearing Packham's in a light blue dress with polka dots for George, and a cream and yellow silk dress with a buttercup print for Charlotte.From: Town & Country US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The mother of modern swimwear, 71-year-old design innovator Norma Kamali has been revolutionizing fashion with her body-celebrating bathing suits (see left), sleeping bag coats, and sportswear-as-ready-to-wear since opening her first boutique in New York City in 1968. Rising star Becca McCharen-Tran, the 33-year-old founder of architectural bodywear label Chromat, which launched in 2010, is making her own waves with pieces that cater to all sizes and gender identities. Here, the two trailblazers come together to talk body politics, feminism, and the future of fashion. NORMA KAMALI: How did you go from studying architecture at the University of Virginia to creating clothes?  BECCA McCHAREN-TRAN: Chromat started as a fun side project. Designing a building is like looking at lines on the body—shoulder seams, arms, legs. You’re connecting points. We started with bustier tops and bondage gear, but evolved into swimwear because it represents our ethos: making women feel empowered in their bodies while wearing something exposing.  "I want Chromat to stand out by showing people that they don’t have to fit into a specific body mold."NK: I was sort of forced into it. I wanted to be a painter, but my mother reminded me I had to pay rent so I focused on fashion illustration. I designed bathing suits from my little shop, then after one landed on a magazine cover I had to start making more. My stuff wasn’t typical at that time, and I don’t think buyers thought it was salable. What inspired your spring collection?  BMT: Fall was about survival during political upheaval, so for spring we felt the urge to cling to rocks, feel grounded, and practice self-care. We looked at zen gardens, salt baths, and healing crystals. We felt a volcanic energy—things are about to burst, but new land is forming.NK: Swim is a crowded space. How do you differentiate yourself?  BMT: Growing up, I saw only one way to be beautiful: Be skinny. I had an eating disorder. I was depressed. I want Chromat to stand out by celebrating different ideas of beauty and showing people that they don’t have to fit into a specific body mold.  NK: When I launched my Stop Objectification campaign five years ago, encouraging women to speak up about their experiences, I began tracing the root of my own self-esteem issues. I believe they’ve come from being objectified as a female business owner. It’s so important for us to now tell these difficult stories with the #MeToo movement. I’ve lived through several feminist movements and there are always loud voices and lots of energy, then we hit a wall. My fear is that it will happen again this time.BMT: Why do you think they hit a wall in the past?NK: Taking on feminism while managing a family, kids, and career is difficult. Many women have to make a choice and leave the workforce. Men need to become advocates and play an equal part in helping raise children to create a power balance."We teach daughters to 'be careful around guys,' but don’t teach sons to 'be a good person around girls.'"BMT: Toxic masculinity is so prevalent in our culture. We teach daughters to “be careful around guys,” but don’t teach sons to “be a good person around girls.”  NK: Men feel like their power is being taken away. These guys at a restaurant recently were taken aback when I insisted on opening the door for them. They’re used to asking the girls out and opening the doors.  BMT: The subject of diversity is more on the forefront now versus when I started in 2010. How has women’s fashion changed since you entered the industry, and where do you see it going?  NK: Fashion changes faster now than it did before, but it’s always been connected emotionally and socially to what's going on. I think clothes are going to have to be more inventive and intelligent: generate energy, regulate body temperature, help someone float. The big move forward will be thinking about what clothes do for us—the design around it will be secondary.BMT: As more women design for women, do you think they’ll implement more functionality in garments? You can’t run in high heels—they’re debilitating!NK: Sneakers are becoming popular because women want to be able to do anything. Think about all the women that had to run down stairs on 9/11. Women feel that heels give them power, but they ended up taking away their power that day. Clothes that give us power, not take it away, are the future.  BMT: Because I’m gay, I never think about the male gaze. People talk about how sexy Chromat’s clothes are, but I don’t see them through that lens. Thinking about power in garments becomes totally different when you’re not just concerned with generating a feeling for men.  NK: What was the first thing you ever designed?BMT: Barbie clothes … ironically.  NK: Ha! For me, it was a pair of velvet patchwork hot pants. I had to sew myself into them because I didn’t know how to do zippers at the time.  BMT: What’s your sign?NK: I'm a Cancer, the maternal nurturer. I’m not a mother in the traditional sense, but I mentor and nurture students and am fascinated by kids.   BMT: I’m a Gemini, so I like to be introverted and have time alone every day.   NK: I meditate daily, even if it means sneaking into the bathroom in my studio and sitting on the toilet seat with the lights off. I also started doing acupuncture as a facelift, because I'm not into a lot of the other stuff people do.   BMT: I’m also a big believer in meditation. I use the Meditation Studio app on my phone. When my to-do list seems never-ending, the only thing that shuts down my brain at night is listening to guided meditations and ocean sounds.  NK: We are so overstimulated, especially with social media. Do you find it exhausting or empowering?  BMT: I love it, but I'm rare. A lot of my friends deleted it because they're couldn’t stop comparing themselves to others. I'm obsessed with following dancers on Instagram, especially Mela Murder (@melamurder). She and her husband (who does lots of popping and locking, which I find fascinating) dance with their newborn baby.  "People talk about how sexy Chromat’s clothes are, but I don’t see them through that lens." NK: I know you’re fascinated by movement and dance. Do you ever dream of doing something else?   BMT: I’ve always loved NASA and learning about deep space (my wife Christine and I geeked out and bought space outfits at the space station in Huntsville, Alabama, during a road trip after our wedding), but I weirdly fantasize about a second career in poodle grooming, even though I’ve never even owned a pet! You?  NK: I think I could’ve been a good journalist.  BMT: What do you want your legacy to be?  NK: As you grow, you more clearly realize your purpose. I believe women trust me, and I want to help improve their lives. Right now, I’m really interested in abortion rights and finding ways for women to have more choices. What attracts me to you is that as a strong voice for gender fluidity and equality, you’re also driven by a higher message. That’s never been more important.  This article appears in the May issue of Marie Claire, on newsstands April 24.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Coachella is happening yet again, and that means lots of fringe, crop tops, and general boho-chic style.From: ELLE US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Amanda Hearst hand-picks the coolest fashion brands saving the planet (and our closets).The Collaboration: Osklen and Tarsila do AmaralOsklen designer Oskar Metsavaht has created a 35-piece capsule collection honoring Tarsila do Amaral, one of Brazil’s most acclaimed  20th-century female artists. With the approval of do Amaral’s family, a variety of her sketches and paintings, including her most famous work, Abaporu, have been silk-screened onto structured tops, fluid dresses, and wide leg pants. And by using recycled cotton and sustainably harvested pirarucu fish and salmon skins for accessories, Osklen—which has developed eco-fabrics with sustainable-development organization Instituto-E for its main line—stays true to its ethical-fashion ethos.Osklen top, $469; skirt, $1,089; shoes, $179; sunglasses, $297SHOP ITThe Designer: Maggie MarilynNewcomer Maggie Marilyn is already a pro at creating in-demand looks for street-style stars. Unexpected pattern combos? Yup. Vetements-esque blousing silhouettes? You bet. Almost all production takes place in Marilyn’s home country, New Zealand, so she can ensure that pieces are being made ethically (with, say, living wages for employees) and sustainably (using organic cotton and recycled metal zippers, for instance). “I want to produce clothing that enriches the lives of the customer,” she says, “but it also has to enrich the lives of the people involved in my textile and garment production.”Maggie Marilyn jacket, $1,800; pants, $295SHOP IT The Accessory: Behno BagsFounder and creative director Shivam Punjya has turned the focus of fashion company Behno to handbags. The hallmark of its first accessories season is the Sister Bag set, a trio of bags named after three of Punjya’s favorite working women—Hannah Bronfman, Lily Kwong, and yours truly. The versatile Amanda, for example, can be worn as a fanny pack, clutch, cross-body, or shoulder purse. The label is known for its bottom-up “Behno Standard,” which addresses the needs of garment workers and artisans in India, including access to health care and clean water. “We wanted to be in spaces,” says Punjya, “where we could make the most impact.”Behno bag, $395SHOP ITThis story appears in the April issue of Marie Claire, on newsstands now. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			On Thursday, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle stepped out for a women's empowerment reception as part of the week's events for the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting. Meghan was, as always, elegant and chic in a perfect little black dress. #MeghanMarkle in a chic black dress (and, as always, foxy heels) for tonight’s Commonwealth reception pic.twitter.com/cjcdzyWuguMeghan went all out for the evening event, hosted by the U.K.’s Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson. She wore a Black Halo belted sheath dress (the brand is based in her hometown of L.A.), a pair of black strappy Aquazzura velvet pumps, a new Gucci suede and leather shoulder bag, and a pair of Birks diamond swirl earrings. The Black Halo “Jackie-O Belted Dress" is a classic (and retails for a kind-of, sort-of, if-you-feel-like-splurging affordable $375). It is so classic, in fact, that Meghan is far from the first celebrity to sport it. The dress, which comes in a range of colors, has been a red carpet staple for years. Blake Lively wore a white version of the dress to the 2007 CW Upfronts at Madison Square Garden in New York City: Kim Kardashian wore the white version of the dress to the one-year anniversary part for The 944 Magazine in Los Angeles in 2007:Tyra Banks wore a tan version to the 4th Annual New York Times Sunday with the Magazine event at TheTimesCenter in New York City in 2009:Katherine Heigl wore the dress in blue to the Peter Alexander Flagship Boutique Grand Opening and Benefit in Los Angeles in 2008: The Black Halo classic is even movie-famous. Scarlett Johansson wore it as Black Widow in Iron Man 2: As People reports, literally dozens of celebrities have been photographed in the iconic dress over the years. Other members of the Black Halo club include Britney Spears, Fergie, Kelly Clarkson, Kelly Ripa, and Lisa Rinna. Welcome to the club, Meghan. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"It's time to move on," Kim said.Kim, Kourtney, and Khloé Kardashian have decided to say goodbye to their DASH boutiques for good. "After nearly 12 years, my sisters and I have decided to close the doors of our DASH stores," Kim wrote in a statement on her website Thursday.  "We opened our first store as a family in 2006 and, since then, we have made so many lifelong memories," she continued. "We've been busy running our own brands, as well as being moms and balancing work with our families. We know in our hearts that it's time to move on."The sisters opened up their first DASH store in Calabasas, California, in 2006, before their Keeping Up With the Kardashian fame, but later relocated the inaugural store to Los Angeles after the success of their E! reality show. They later opened two more locations in Miami and New York.According to Celebuzz, Khloé wrote in a blog in 2016 about why the sisters decided to open up the stores in the first place.“We started DASH in 2006 and really struggled for a long time to make it a successful business—there were months we couldn’t pay our bills, and the store didn’t turn a profit for years,” Khloé wrote. “After my dad died in 2003, I was partying all the time, drinking a lot and sleeping in every morning. At this time, my mom and Kourtney were running their kids store Smooch, and when the space next door opened up, Kourt got it!”“She saw that I was spiraling and wanted to give me responsibility, a reason to wake up in the morning," she continued. "So, she told me I was going to help her run her new store."In a Season 13 episode of Keeping Up With the Kardashians, the sisters fought over whether or not to keep the stores open. In the video below, Kim and Khloé were on board to have discussions with potential buyers, but Kourtney really wanted to try and keep the stores open.According to TMZ, the New York store closed down in 2016 due to high rent, so the remaining Los Angeles and Miami locations are the ones being terminated this year."We love our DASH Dolls and are so grateful for the amazing memories," Kim added in her statement with a mention of the spinoff DASH Dolls, which premiered on E! in 2015. "And we have to give a special thanks to the DASH employees and all of the incredible fans and customers who have supported us throughout the years! We couldn't have done it without you. Thank you to everyone!"From: Cosmopolitan US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Being punctual never looked so good.Whether you're always running late (hey, no judgement), prefer an analog planner over the one on your phone, or are simply looking to up your jewelry game, let these finds inspire you're next e-tail binge. Cartier, $2, 780Shop ItYou'd be hard pressed to find a more classic style than the Cartier Tank which has famously been worn by Elizabeth Taylor and Brigette Bardot to name a few Hollywood icons.Cavallini Papers, $22Shop ItFor those with serious wanderlust who can't seem to remember what day it is. Anthropologie, $168Shop ItThis vintage-inspired clock has modern updates like LED lights and a touch activated snooze that'll come in handy, well, every morning.Piaget, $6,900Shop ItThe interchangeable straps can take this rose gold watch from the bar to a proper cocktail party. Lillian Farag, $30Shop ItWhether you're into bullet journaling or just want a fail-safe for when your phone crashes, a vibrant planner is excellent desk candy.Jaeger-LeCoultre, $13,100Shop ItThe sun and moon keep this elegant watch looking playful enough to pair with jeans or a denim jacket.Cloudnola, $335Shop ItA sleek timepiece will remind your colleagues that you mean business. Wayfair, $18Shop ItThe OG way to keep track of just how tardy you are, this piece is the perfect accessory for anyone who finds catharsis in watching sand move slowly. Reeds Jewelers, $125Shop ItPut your personal stamp on this romantic, monogrammable pendant or honor a loved one. Bow and Drape, $68Shop ItOr, you could just ditch the watches and calendars and let your shirt proclaim that being on time just is not going to happen for you.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Found: the Pippa Middleton wedding gown of your dreams—at a fraction of the cost!While everyone else is focusing on the wedding of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle on May 19, we're here to affirm that you, too, deserve to feel like royalty on your big day. Whether you're looking for a cap sleeve style, a detailed lace trim, or a traditional ball gown, there's a royal who shares your sense of style. Get inspired, then shop your own magical version of these wedding dresses royals have worn throughout the years. Shop similar: BHLDN, $1,450SHOP ITKate Middleton perfectly blended tradition and modernity with the a-line, lace Alexander McQueen gown she wore when she married Prince William in 2011. Originally designed by McQueen creative director Sarah Burton, the wedding dress has inspired near-identical variations including the BHLDN one above. There's also an H&M version that retails for $299—a lot less expensive than Kate's, which is reported to have cost nearly $358,000. Shop similar: David's Bridal, $349SHOP ITThe Crown Princess of Sweden—the oldest daughter of Carl XVI Gustaf, the King of Sweden—wed Prince Daniel in 2010 wearing a stunning off-the-shoulder gown by Swedish designer Pär Engsheden. (Fun fact: Victoria and Daniel hosted Prince William and Kate Middleton during their royal tour in Sweden a few months ago.) The price on this similar David's Bridal gown alone is reason enough to order it immediately. Shop similar: BHLDN, $780SHOP ITIn 2013, Claire Lademacher officially became a princess when she married Prince Felix—the second son of Grand Duke Henri of Luxembourg. Her beautiful embroidered Elie Saab gown, with its boat neck and lace detailing can be easily replicated through the fitted floral "Medallion Gown," above. Shop similar: White by Vera Wang, $1,198SHOP ITThe ultra-chic sister of Kate Middleton is basically royalty by association, and she has the stunning, open-back Giles Deacon wedding gown to prove it. The dress she wore when she wed financier James Matthews, reportedly cost $52,000; a similar version with corded lace exists in Vera Wang's David's Bridal line at a fraction of the price. Yes, this is what dreams are made of. Shop similar: BHLDN, $1,450SHOP ITPrincess Diana's ivory silk antique lace gown—created by British fashion designers David and Elizabeth Emanuel—is one of the most iconic wedding dresses in history. If you're going for a more traditional look and don't have a vintage gown in your family to choose from, opt for a dramatic ball gown style like this ivory BHLDN number.Shop similar: BHLDN, $700SHOP ITPrincess Sofia married the only son of the King of Sweden, Prince Carl Philip, in 2015. (He's the brother of Princess Victoria, mentioned above.) Her hand-stitched, a-line silhouette gown was created by Swedish designer Ida Sjöstedt. Similar in style to Kate Middleton's gown, Princess Sofia's dress was designed with the aim of hiding the tattoo on her back (scandalous!). Our pick with it's understated train and open back most certainly wouldn't hide any tattoos, but it's equally as fabulous.Shop similar: David's Bridal, $400SHOP ITPrince Harry and Prince William's cousin Zara Tindall married former England rugby player Mike Tindall in 2011. She's the only daughter of Anne, Princess Royal—the sister of Prince Charles. Her simple ivory silk cap sleeve gown was designed by British fashion designer Stewart Parvin, a favorite of the Queen, and you can find a similar angelic lace ball gown here.Shop similar: BHLDN, $295SHOP ITPrincess Charlene, the wife of Prince Albert II (son of Prince Rainier III and Grace Kelly), wore a Giorgio Armani Privé duchesse silk dress when she married him in 2011. A former Olympian, Princess Charlene chose a form-fitting silhouette with embroidery that took 2,500 hours to make. A version that's just as magical (and probably way less expensive) currently exists with an off-the-shoulder finish and cheeky back cutout detail. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The genius fashion designer wants to get closer to his customers.Christian Siriano, one of the handful of fashion designers who's truly inclusive when it comes to their sizing and models, is expanding his personal relationship with customers in a new retail venture. Siriano recently opened a new concept store called The Curated NYC, which will feature a range of luxury clothing and accessories across price points. The gist? Instead of utilizing a buyer, who typically controls what you see on the racks, Siriano will personally curate what's in front of you to enhance the designer-customer experience. (Hence, the "curated" in the name.) Siriano's clothing, shoes, and handbags will be accompanied by a few other designers—plus-size clothing line Universal Standard, David Hart Menswear, European hat gallery Betto Garcia, Stephanie Kantis jewelry, and Irene Lummertz jewelry. This diverse group of brands featured in the store is part of Siriano's mission to increase inclusivity across all facets of the customer shopping experience. “We want all customers from all over the world—no matter age, size, or where they come from—to feel comfortable shopping within a new beautiful curated store that showcases some of the best designers in the world," he explains. The clothing and accessories are on display in a gorgeous eight-floor 1920s townhouse (that quite literally feels like you're in a beautiful, art-filled Upper East Side home) located a few blocks from Central Park. The items are featured amid a range of vintage decor and furniture from brands like Todd Merrill and Kelly Wearstler, amongst others. It also includes a full café created by Alicia Silverstone and a rooftop garden, so you know where to find me when summer rolls around. Visit The Curated NYC located at 5 W. 54th St. between Fifth and Sixth avenues.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			And they're here just in time for summerNow that the sun is shining, it's finally time to dig the summer wardrobe out of storage. Yep, sunglasses season is here and if you're looking for a new pair, Lidl is launching a new range of affordable styles inspired by two royal fashion icons.There are five different designs in the Auriol collection, which will arrive in stores on Sunday, April 22, but the standout product is this rounded two-tone style. They're perfect for the warmer days ahead, and just so happen to look very, very similar to the £120 Finlay and Co pair worn by Meghan Markle at the Invictus Games last year.If Kate Middleton's summer look is more your thing, the range also includes a take on the Ray-Bans that the Duchess is regularly seen wearing, as well as a pair inspired by the classic aviator style.The sunglasses offer 100 percent UV protection, and of course, there's a big difference in price, too. Lidl's versions start at $2.99 a pair.The only downside? The Auriol range is only available while stock lasts, so you'll have to be quick if you want to snag these sunnies before the summer.From Good Housekeeping UK		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Because you have no time for boring.Spring is on its way 🙌 and you know what that means: Time to do some anticipatory closet cleaning to make room for new finds. This season, it's all about versatile pieces that have a little *something* to set them apart. Here, 10 items that are on our list of must-buys, from feminine, floral tops to glistening booties.Pitch the toe-pinching heels in favor of stylish flats that go the distance. Off-white straps with neutral soles are the epitome of laid-back warm-weather style.Style & Co slip-on sandals, $40SHOP ITIn need of the ultimate vacay tote? The striped lining of this straw bag gives it a dose of polish.Muuñ Caba mini canvas and woven-straw tote, $161SHOP ITThe term "peasant skirt" may sound dated, but this one sure isn't. A slightly high-low hemline keeps it interesting; wear it with booties during transitional weather and open-toed sandals when things really heat up.Style & Co black skirt, $60SHOP ITGold chain detailing lends a mixed-metal chicness to these low-heeled ankle boots. Pop them on to make your trusty jeans and a tee look startlingly new. Marc Jacobs Remi chain-trimmed metallic leather ankle boots, $450SHOP ITThe white tee comes in a billion iterations, but we'd argue that none are more useful than one that hits just above the hips and gathers at the front. Pair it with ripped jeans and flat slides. Style & Co twist-front t-shirt, $35SHOP ITMichael Kors is king of the versatile watch—wear this one with jeans and a tee, or dress it up for cocktail hour just the same. Sparkling stones will make you feel *100* no matter what.Michael Kors Partia watch, $225SHOP ITMeet the Boho cousin of the peplum top. Thanks to layered lace and a flattering waist tie, this flirty top is flowing and fun and perfect with white jeans. Style & Co lace top, $50SHOP ITWe know, we know—florals aren't entirely groundbreaking for spring. But when dotted atop muted stripes and matched with flutter detailing, they make this shirt bloom.Style & Co floral top, $55SHOP ITFrom a distance they make look like regular aviators, but 8 distinct edges on each lens make these Ray Bans feel far from ordinary.Ray Ban hexagonal sunglasses, $113SHOP ITA body-skimming t-shirt dress should be in every woman's closet, period, but laces on this give it an edge. Reach for it as a poolside cover-up, a one-piece brunch look or an athleisure-inspired standby for whizzing through errands when worn with low-top sneaks. Style & Co lace-up dress, $50SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The trend (we pray) never dies. Remember a time when denim was reserved for jeans? Yeah, neither can we anymore. This spring, the iconic American fabric is giving everything from sundresses to sneaks cool-girl edge. The white jean is a trusted staple season after season. Dress it up, dress it down—you really can’t go wrong. Understated lace detailing at the hem adds texture and interest to this pair. Style & Co white skinny jeans SHOP ITThe freshest way to wear black is in denim form, complete with metallic accents. Top this mini with a black jean jacket for an urban-cowgirl vibe. Topshop MOTO half zip denim skirt, $55SHOP IT Embroidery is everywhere. So when temps start to rise, opt for a short with a little stitching (a pop of red and green doesn't hurt, either). Style & Co embroidered shorts, $46 SHOP ITChambray gives sneakers a fresh and modern look. The oversized bow is distinctly feminine, but still grown-up. Nine West Onosha denim sneakers, $35SHOP ITBell sleeves and ruffle details give this topper more than a touch of femininity. Wear it with super-skinnies or over your shoulders for a finished look. Style & Co ruffled denim jacket, $52SHOP ITBecause this terracotta red is 🔥🔥🔥and wide-leg is eternally flattering—need we say more?Topshop MOTO cropped wide-leg jean, $ 75SHOP IT Wear this curve-hugging sundress with an off-the-shoulder top underneath for extra style points.Free People sleeveless dress, $98SHOP ITStandard-issue jeggings have had their day. Now it's all about frayed, flared and interesting crops. Wear these with ankle booties for an easy-breezy appeal.Style & Co fray-edged jeans, $35SHOP ITEvery closet needs a good jean jacket; a faux fur collar becomes springtime-appropriate when paired with a lighter shade of denim to keep it light and bright.Pam & Gela jacket, $162SHOP ITA fresh pair of dark-wash denim is the fashion-equivalent of a new notebook—just think of all the possibilities! The deep indigo shade looks pulled-together enough for the office, and plays well with most shades. Cuff the bottoms for a more relaxed look.Style & Co bootcut jeans, $37SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			In his third appearance on the franchise, the show's "King of One-Liners" wins gold.Anthony Williams is first and foremost a beauty queen. “I am a true pageant girl,” says the 37-year-old designer from Atlanta. “I was a female impersonator in college [at the University of Alabama]—that’s how I paid my way.” Designing garments grew out of necessity: A dress he had commissioned for a competition flopped, so Williams took needle and thread into his own hands. “From that point on, I decided I would make gowns.” When his pageant career ended in 2006, Williams turned to another creative outlet: Project Runway season 7. Despite finishing fifth, a challenge win landed his blue oneshouldered dress on Heidi Klum for a cover of Marie Claire. The fan favorite returned for the first season of Project Runway All Stars in 2012 (he placed ninth), then came back this year for season 6; his evolution as a designer was evident. “Anthony had great energy on set and his designs were showstoppers,” says Marie Claire editor-in-chief and All Stars mentor, Anne Fulenwider. “It was a true delight to watch his aesthetic evolve over time.” For his latest shot at stardom, Williams sought to capture the essence of timeless elegance. “Growing up, there was nothing more sophisticated than a black woman dressed up for church,” he says. “There was a certain pride and confidence. I watched my mother go through a lot of situations with men and finances, but she never stopped being a lady. I learned at an early age that being a lady never goes out of style.”His muses, Rihanna and Audrey Hepburn, inspired the seven vintage-meets-eclectic looks in his finale collection, filled with hand-painted details, fitted silhouettes, and bare shoulders. Standout looks included a dress with a halter neckline and asymmetrical pleated-leather detailing, and a sculptural strapless top paired with tailored cigarette pants.Williams is the first male black winner in the show’s history (it was also the first time all three finalists were men of color). “It’s a right and a privilege to be an African-American designer in the United States of America,” Williams says. “No matter how hard life is, you have a responsibility to show up. I have a responsibility to be a credit to the human race, my race as African-American, my gender, and my sexuality. I want my community to be proud of me.” This story appears in the May issue of Marie Claire, on newsstands April 24.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The actress shows off her new line of sunglasses—and hand-picks which pairs Betty, Veronica, Cheryl, and Archie would wear. If you watch Riverdale, you know Madelaine Petsch is as badass IRL as her hate-to-love-her TV character, Cheryl Blossom. And now the 23-year-old actress is upping her cool-girl fashion cred, partnering with Privé Revaux—a super affordable, celeb-favorite sunglasses line—to create five unisex styles dubbed the "Privé Revaux x Madelaine" capsule collection."I've always been somebody who would put together an outfit and my go-to accessory would be a pair of sunglasses," Petsch tells MarieClaire.com. "I went to Privé's launch party about nine months ago and they knew I was a fan  of their frames, so they reached out to me to make my own collection. It’s been a dream of mine forever to do something in fashion, and it just felt like the right time with the right people."Privé x Madelaine includes five pairs titled, "Street," "Candy," "Mister," "Rogue," and "Clique." "I avoided picking the names for so long—it’s a lot harder than you think. My parents wanted to name me Street when I was a kid and I was like 'Oh, Street.' Then my boyfriend and I were talking about another pair and I was like, 'These kind of remind me of Candy,'" explains Petsch. "The Misters seem sexually ambiguous to me, which I like, and the Clique feel like very cliquey, standard glasses from the ‘90s. The bar in the middle of the Rogue's seem very fierce, so I was like 'Rogue is the perfect name for this.'"The best part? Every Privé pair is just $30. But the low price doesn't mean they're not top-notch and completely drool-worthy—celebs like Bella Hadid, Blake Lively, Nick Jonas, Ashley Benson, Cara Delevingne, and Jennifer Lopez have all been spotted wearing the brand's shades since it launched last summer.So, what would the Riverdale cast be caught in? We asked Madelaine to choose which pairs Cheryl, Betty, Veronica, and Archie would rock on an average day in Riverdale  hanging out in Pop's or, you know, catching the Black Hood.  "Cheryl would wear the black Mister's. They’re edgy, classy, and they've got that little feisty cat wing at the end, which is why I totally think she would wear them. I actually made these particular glasses with her in mind.""Veronica would definitely wear my purple Candy's. She wears a lot of purples and blues on the show, and I just feel like Cami [Mendes] would totally rock these in general, obviously." "At first I was going to say the pink Candy’s, but the rose gold Street's feel very Betty to me. They remind me of a different era, and to me Betty feels like she’s from a different time. They’re sweet-looking, like Betty, so I totally see her pulling them off.""Archie would wear these black and brown tortoise shell Clique’s. KJ Apa wears glasses similar to these in real life, and they would totally frame his face well. The brown would also bring out the red in his hair. They’re simple enough that he would like them, but also different enough that he would think that they’re cool."The CandyPrivé Revaux x Madelaine, $30SHOP IT"My favorite is the Candy. They're definitely statement glasses." The CliquePrivé Revaux x Madelaine, $30SHOP IT"The Clique's feel like standard glasses from the '90s." The MisterPrivé Revaux x Madelaine, $30SHOP IT"All of my glasses are made for everyone. My boyfriend wears these a lot."The RoguePrivé Revaux x Madelaine, $30SHOP IT"Jughead would totally rock the Rogue's. They also feel very timeless to me and I think that’s really in line with who he is."The StreetPrivé Revaux x Madelaine, $30SHOP IT"My parents totally wanted to name me Street as a kid."Privé Revaux x Madelaine is now available in-store and online; Photographs by Kathryn Wirsing. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You can stand under my (new) umbrella, ella, ella. The iconic Hunter brand responsible for your favorite rain boots, which typically retail for around $150, is collaborating with Target on an exclusive collection—and now you can snag the same sleek boots for $40 or less. Hunter for Target also features a full range of weatherproof attire (with plus-size options!) including raincoats, rompers, shorts, and bombers. Shop the best of the collection, officially available in-store and online April 14, ahead.Opt for these colorblocked chelsea boots on the days when you want to wear rain boots that don't actually look like rain boots.Waterproof ankleboot, $35SHOP ITYou never want to put effort into your outfit when it's raining, but this weatherized tie-waist romper does the work for you.Longsleeve romper, $35SHOP ITNo more ankle blisters with these chic unisex waterproof high-top sneakers.High-top sneakers, $40SHOP ITYou'll appreciate this hooded romper's hair-hiding magic when the humidity starts to creep up.Hooded romper, $35SHOP ITWindbreaker, but make it fashion.Windbreaker jacket, $40SHOP ITA bucket bag that won't get destroyed during spring showers (it's made of rubber!).Tote bag, $25SHOP ITBloom where you are planted walk with these rain boots any nature-lover will adore.Waterproof rain boots, $40SHOP ITWhen's the last time you found a soft pair of athletic shorts that are waterproof and complete with side zippers to store your phone and ID? Never before, that's when. Athletic shorts, $25SHOP ITFor the days it's coming down like it's Noah's Arc 2.0, throw on this versatile raincoat over your gym or work clothes.Raincoat, $45SHOP ITRemember the same pair of Hunter's you spent $150 on? Yes, I'm simultaneously crying and rejoicing with you.Waterproof rainboots, $40SHOP ITFound: an umbrella that doesn't awkwardly flip backwards with the slightest gust of wind. Nothing to see here, folks...Bubble umbrella, $20SHOP ITRain doesn't automatically scream "Wear a bomber," but this cozy olive one is a game-changer thanks to its water-resistance.Bomber jacket, $35SHOP ITEverybody needs a statement raincoat like this nylon one that protects from even the heaviest of downpours. Raincoat, $40SHOP ITWho needs Juicy tracksuits when you have Hunter trackpants?Trackpants, $26SHOP ITThe '90s mesh sweater is back and better than ever—ideal for days that turn into nights.Mesh sweatshirt, $28SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The new collection reduces, reuses, and recycles.The grounds of Skansen, a 127-year-old open-air museum on the Swedish island of Djurgården, are like a history book come to life, with a petting zoo and an aquarium sitting among re-created working farms and dwellings representing five centuries. It’s also the setting for the preview of H&M’s seventh Conscious Exclusive Collection, launching April 19. A mannequin is outfitted in an ethereal white floor-length gown, which looks like it’s made of lace but is actually in a new fabric called Econyl, nylon made from old fishing nets and carpets. A shiny box holds silver tulip-shaped earrings and rings fashioned from melted-down coins, candlesticks, and cutlery. Vegan grape leather is made out of the discarded fruit from wine.The repurposed nylon and silver are the latest materials H&M is using to create its Conscious Collections, alongside the more familiar organic linen, cotton, and Tencel, a fiber made from eucalyptus trees and produced with nontoxic chemicals. The company launched its first Conscious Collection in 2011, but the conversation on sustainability has only intensified as mitigating climate change has become a global imperative. H&M is trying to do its part. Last May, it signed the 2020 Circular Fashion System Commitment—joining behemoths Kering, Adidas, and Zara, among others to use 100 percent sustainably sourced materials and develop eco-friendly production processes by the next decade. The 40-piece collection currently uses 50 percent certified sustainable materials, and H&M has a growing list of fabrics for future seasons, like a bamboo-and-organic-cotton velvet and a vegan grape leather, made out of the discarded fruit from wine making. In addition, 96 percent of the company’s electricity comes from renewable resources, and it’s also launched a clothing-recycling initiative, collecting 55,000 tons since 2013. Progress, of course, doesn’t always come easy. “We know when we start a sustainable collection that we can’t do everything we want, but challenges often create innovation out of necessity,” says H&M creative advisor Ann-Sofie Johannson. The aesthetic of the collection (the campaign’s face is Christy Turlington) pays homage to Lilla Hyttnäs, the home of 19th-century Swedish painter Carl Larsson and his wife, Karin, an interior designer. Folkloric prints mimic Karin’s tapestries, her aprons are reimagined as striped button-down blouses, and black arrows cover a cream cloak, a reference to the Larsson family tree. “I love fashion; I want to continue to love fashion,” says Johannson. “How do we love it in the best possible way? See this?” She points out the metallic threads on a green floral dress. “The Lurex is polyester, but it’s not recycled polyester—yet.”This story originally appeared in the April 2018 issue of Marie Claire, on newsstands now. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			File this under: WHAT?!In completely unexpected news, Bella Hadid has a blonde alter ego called Rebekka Harajuku that she created in Japan. I'm serious.Taking to Instagram over the weekend, Hadid shared a series of photos introducing her alter ego to the world. Without any explanation regarding the new character, Hadid donned a blonde wig, and went about her everyday life:But that's not all. Hadid also appeared to create an Instagram account especially for Rebekka Harajuku, in which photos of the alter ego are posted, along with captions explaining what she's being doing.Firstly, there was "Bekka as seen today in Shibuya, Tokyo, Japan. 🇯🇵":Then, "Rebekka Harajuku and her friend Jenny Nogizaka as seen in Tokyo tonight. 🇯🇵":She posed with the doorman and wrote, "Rebekka as seen this past weekend in Shibuya, Tokyo. 🇯🇵":Later, there was a shot of simply, "Rebekka being Rebekka yesterday in Harajuku, Tokyo 🇯🇵" as she visited a store and dressed up in mismatching clothes, including a cap with the word "loser" embroidered on it:"Bex" was then "Caught in Shabuya 🇯🇵" unexpectedly:And then one of Hadid's friends donned the wig, with the caption, "Rebekka wondering where her Juul charger is":Rebekka is currently following just 5 people (including Hadid, of course), and has already amassed almost 14,000 followers.The fact that the account is followed by Hadid, and that she posted about the character on her own Instagram first, seem to indicate that she created the alter ego.Maybe everyone needs a blonde alter ego they can turn to in times of need?		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Just normal 6-year-old things.At just 6 years old, Blue Ivy Carter already has a wardrobe full of clothes that outshine anything we owned at that age (a.k.a jelly shoes and ponchos)—and that amazing sense of fashion is all thanks to Manuel A. Mendez. Yes, Beyoncé and Jay-Z's eldest daughter has her own stylist and personal shopper, according to WWD. Mendez is an employee at Parkwood Entertainment, a company founded by Bey, and he has worked as her personal assistant since 2009.  Mendez is behind some of Blue Ivy's most noteworthy looks, including her golden ensemble from the Wearable Art Gala where she bid $19,000 for a piece of art after Jay-Z tried to stop her. He's also responsible for the custom white Valery Kovalska tuxedo pantsuit she wore while attending the Grammy's alongside her parents.And he styled her in a custom Billie Blush collar and Raimana Cowan dress for her appearance in Jay-Z's "Family Feud" music video. Cuatom collar by @raimanacowan dress by @billieblush shoes by @aquazzura #kidstyles Manú #celebritykidsA post shared by  Manuel A. Mendez (@itsamanuworld) on Dec 29, 2017 at 8:09pm PSTIt's unclear as to when Blue Ivy and Mendez began working together since he's been working with Queen Bey long before her daughter was born in 2012. Maybe someday soon he'll be styling (or already is styling) Blue Ivy's 1-year-old twin siblings, Rumi and Sir Carter. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's $299, and totally flawless.As Meghan Markle's wedding to Prince Harry fast approaches, the world is excited to find out what the bride will be wearing when she walks down the aisle.And while we don't yet know which designer Markle has selected for her big day, an affordable version of Kate Middleton's classic wedding gown is finally available at H&M. Seriously.Her flawless Alexander McQueen wedding gown has been unforgettable since she married Prince William on April 29, 2011. And while H&M's much cheaper version of the dress doesn't have the same lengthy train that Pippa Middleton helped carry for her sister, it's still a gorgeous option for anyone's nuptials:At $299, H&M's long lace dress is an elegant replica of Middleton's own wedding gown, at a much more affordable price. The website describes the gown as having a "lace bodice and skirt in an airy weave," and it appears to have an almost identical neckline to the Duchess' gown:According to H&M's website, the dress also has a "scalloped V-neck with support panels at the top, an opening with a covered button at the back of the neck and a concealed zip at the back. Long sleeves with scalloped trims, a seam at the waist with a grosgrain band, and a gently flared skirt." If you want to feel like a literal princess on your wedding day, then H&M's version of the Duchess of Cambridge's gown is essential. H&M's new bridal collection caters to every budget, and the fact that it draws inspiration from a royal wedding is totally apt right now.It's also a good option if you're looking for something to wear on May 19...		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			All the secrets to real-life fashion. (You might want to take notes.)Dressing for photo shoots and front rows is one thing, but it's the everyday moments in between big events when personal style really comes through. And that's where Chloe Metzger, MarieClaire.com's beauty editor, is #closetgoals. Her self-described look is "essentially the most New York version of 'is she going to brunch or a business meeting?'" she says. That means stocking up on skinny black jeans, leggings, flowy tops, high-waisted pants and dresses. "I gravitate towards pretty much anything dark at Topshop or Helmut Lang," she says.  Shoes are her practical magic. Unlike other accessories, which fall further down on the optional scale, "shoes are very important," she says. "Good style starts at your feet, and I'm tall so I don't need to wear heels, but when I do, I'm not willing to kill myself in the name of fashion." Fortunately, with today's styles, she doesn't have to. Sticking with a work uniform means Metzger can get ready super-fast. "I pretty much always wear some combination of a skirt with a t-shirt or sweatshirt tucked in," she says. "I work ten-hour days and need some level of comfort." Since the office is typically cold, she tops off her look with a blazer, bomber, or leather jacket. On days she's channeling a more dressed up vibe, a coordinating jacket easily subs in. She keeps accessories minimal, opting for these Vionic strappy block heels that feel as comfortable as sneakers but look more elevated.Vionic Carmel Heeled Sandal, $140, vionicshoes.com; Jacket, $129, zara.com; Skirt, $50, zara.com; Rag & Bone Shirt, $325, saksfifthavenue.com; Vita Fede Earrings, $320, vitafede.com; Vita Fede Mini Titan Bracelet, $390, vitafede.com; gG Maull Outlaw Clutch, $595, ggmaull.com; MuiMui Sunglasses, $440, sunglasshut.com."I love spending my free time cooking or catching up with friends over brunch," says Metzger. "I want my clothes to feel relaxed, but still polished." The one thing that always makes her feel pulled-together: a leather jacket and a pair of chic sneakers. "Something about adding the jacket and a pair of statement sneakers, that just says, 'This is a look'," she explains. These metallic sneakers keep her look casual and practical with just the right bit of pop. "I do a lot of walking on the weekends and like my sneakers to be sleek and minimalist," she says.Vionic Edie Casual Sneaker, $130, vionicshoes.com. B. B. Dakota Dress, $88, bloomingdales.com; Zara Faux Leather Jacket, $70, zara.com; Aquatalia Blet Bag, $495, aquatalia.com.Metzger, who lives in Brooklyn Heights, heads into Manhattan three or four times a week to do improv. On stage, her style is the same understated chic: usually head-to toe-black with slip ons for an an easy, yet polished look. With hours standing on stage and running around to event spaces, she's always looking for good support. These effortlessly cool slides do just the trick.Vionic Reagan Mule, $130,vionicshoes.com. J Brand Capri, $173, jbrandjeans.com; Kate Spade Jacket, $398 katespade.com; Cami NYC Top, $161, bloomingdales.com; B-Low The Belt Ana Mini Vibrant, $108, b-lowthebelt.com; Aquatalia Mini Flap Cross-body, $450, aquatali.com; Gorjana Bespoke Necklace, $70, gorjana.com; Gorgana Taner Studs, $40, gorjana.com$129.95Shop Now$139.95Shop Now$129.95Shop NowMakeup by Mark Edio; Hair by Charles McNair; Styled by Brandy Joy Smith.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The fashion giant is struggling.Despite high-profile collaborations with both Erdem and Nicki Minaj last fall, H&M admitted that it is sitting on a stockpile of $4.3 billion worth of unsold dresses, accessories, and other clothing and has seen a 62 percent drop in profits in the three months through February of this year, The New York Times reports.While this is bad news for the Swedish retailer, which also owns Cos and & Other Stories, it’s great news for everyone else since H&M plans to slash prices in the upcoming months to get rid of the unsold stock to fix the problem. But some of that inventory includes months-old Halloween costumes and Christmas sweaters, according to the Washington Post. The massive pile of unsold clothing—a 7 percent increase in the past year—is just one example of how the fashion giant has been unable to keep up in a world where more shoppers are skipping stores and heading online to buy clothes instead.In addition to cutting prices, H&M also plans to cut back on opening new stores and focus their efforts on expanding their online business by 25 percent this year. However, that might not be enough to fix the problem and financial analysts aren’t optimistic about the company. In fact, one even called H&M “a slow-motion wreck” after seeing the company’s first quarter results, according to The New York Times.Part of the problem is that the millennial consumer base is starting to opt for well-made clothes rather than cheap "throwaway products," Milton Pedraza, CEO of New York-based market research firm Luxury Institute, told the Washington Post. They're more interested in "classic and quality, neither of which H&M has been able to deliver."But for those who are still loyal to H&M, keep an eye out for massive sales in the upcoming months.From: Harper's BAZAAR US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Lookin' at you too, Passover. Let’s be honest—your family probably couldn't care less about what you wear to see them (aside from Aunt Jean, who sticks her nose into everyone's business), but that doesn’t mean you can’t use upcoming holidays like Easter (and Passover!) as an excuse to add a few pieces to your spring wardrobe. Floral and maxi dresses were brought out of hibernation the second the snow melted, so snag yourself something even newer with these five effortless outfits you'll want to live in all year.Behold: an understated floral skirt that will stand out during the Easter egg hunt. Pair it with a cropped white tee like this versatile Hanes x Karla one, seen on celebs like Karlie Kloss, Tracee Ellis Ross, and Kaia Gerber. Shop the pieces ahead. Hanes x Karla t-shirt, $48SHOP ITMelanie Auld necklace, $90SHOP ITRixo London skirt, $300SHOP ITEileen Fisher wedges, $198SHOP ITIf you're celebrating the holiday in warmer temps, skip the jumpsuit and opt for this ($30!) romper instead. The utilitarian style will take you from day to night, which means you've got yourself a brunch and dinner-approved outfit in one. Plus, a whole lot more space in your suitcase.H&M; jumpsuit, $30SHOP ITKate Spade bracelet, $45SHOP ITMadewell mules, $148SHOP ITIntroducing springtime in kimono form. Throw on the extra layer for a more conservative style without looking like you just came from the office. For brunch after church, go from traditional to effortless cool sans kimono with this simple jersey T-shirt dress and sequined crossbody.  Alice + Olivia kimono, $495SHOP ITT by Alexander Wang dress, $95SHOP ITDiana von Furstenberg crossbody, $248SHOP ITIs it  really a family occasion if you don’t have at least one cousin passive-aggressively asking you why you paid for those holes in your jeans? Avoid the frustration and choose these high-rise straight legs instead. Let us not forget about April showers, which is why we've paired these weatherproof Hunter boots with this perfect jeans and wrap-top combo.Madewell blouse, $88SHOP ITFree People bracelet, $128SHOP ITAlexander Wang jeans, $265SHOP ITHunter boots, $185SHOP ITIt's not summer yet, but we can pretend it is with this versatile dream I call the striped button-down maxi. It's suitable should the weather report read springtime breezes or warm sunshine and has just the right hint of "family-friendly" without sacrificing style. Add a pair of white sneakers and you're the coolest gal in the room.Equipment dress, $191SHOP ITCuyana bag, $115SHOP ITAdidas sneakers, $90SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I have bought so many things because of Katie Heaney. Her newsletter "Do Not Buy" is intended to be a place for the Brooklyn author to share the things she's trying not to buy, instead foisting her buying urges upon her readers. But she readily admits (often) that she succumbs to her desires and purchases some items anyway.In my case, possibly because of the reverse psychology trick that is the newsletter's mission (and my equal-to-Heaney's obsession with pajamas), the foisting works. I first became a fan of Heaney when she wrote for Buzzfeed, and then after reading her first memoir, Never Have I Ever, I kept seeing her name everywhere (she's a prolific freelancer) and found myself subscribing to her newsletter. I've clicked on subject lines like "Extremely loud earrings and soft fake food" and "Velvet sacks and luxury yogurts" and bought things that I never would have thought of getting, and probably did not need, thanks to Katie.On January 3rd, after more than a year of producing such content, Heaney announced a big resolution: She vowed not to buy any clothes, jewelry, shoes, or bags for one year. "I did some calculations," she wrote in the intro to the newsletter, titled "No New Clothes 2018," "and by my estimation, I spent about six thousand dollars on clothing/shoes/jewelry last year. That's too much money!!!!!"As a fan of the newsletter and her books (her latest memoir Would You Rather? was released in February), I talked to Katie about how, exactly, a self-described shopaholic with a newsletter about shopping is going to pull off...not shopping. In the process we came up with a few tips you can steal to save your own wallet.Marie Claire: How would you describe your newsletter before the clothing-buying-ban? Katie Heaney: The spirit of the newsletter has always been the same. I provide some links to items I want, but probably, really shouldn't get. But then I end up explaining why I want them so much anyway, and some of the time I inadvertently talked myself and my readers into buying the things I was ostensibly telling them/us not to. MC: What made you decide to stop purchasing clothing and accessories for a year?KH: Ann Patchett wrote this great essay for the New York Times about how she didn't buy new clothes at all in the year 2016. My friend Chiara sent it to me and was like, "We should do this!" At first I was like, "Lol, no." But then I read and reread the essay, and I found it so compelling. I was definitely in the habit of buying a bunch of clothes I don't need, and especially once I became a freelance writer who worked from home, it started to seem like even more of a waste of money and energy. I'm also just competitive, and when Chiara told me she was going to do it I felt like I had to do it too, and better, if possible. MC: What was the last item you bought? KH: A shapeless black Everlane dress much like several other shapeless black Everlane dresses I already own. And I bought it in a panic on like, December 30, 2017, after I'd made my decision. "I just find it so soothing to know something new is coming in the mail."MC: What are your purchasing triggers? KH: Boredom and anxiety. My favorite way to shop is on my phone while I'm watching TV. It's bad because then I don't really pay attention to the show, and constantly have to ask my girlfriend what just happened, and I also don't really pay attention to what I'm buying. I just find it so soothing to know something new is coming in the mail. MC: Are there certain items that you find it harder to resist? For example: I will buy anything that is a tray or could be called a tray.KH: Pajamas. I have a real problem with cute matching pajama sets. MC: Me too! Have you done anything to protect yourself from the urge to shop? One of my friends blocks online stores, and I stopped listening to a podcast recently that was "making" me buy every single item they talked about.KH: The main thing I'm doing to prevent myself from shopping is leaning heavily into my Catholic guilt, which I still have in abundance despite not having been Catholic in 15 years. I just know I'll feel so disappointed in myself if I quit or cheat or fail. And I will just love to brag if I pull this off, so I try to motivate that way. I also try not to put things in my various online shopping carts just to leave them there, but I have done it with a few things. I definitely haven't eliminated the urge, though. I've sent a few "hints" to my girlfriend in the form of links to clothing items I'd really, really like...if she happens to find herself wanting to buy me something. MC: What is the closest you have come to breaking this resolution?KH: I am having a really, really hard time not buying this T-shirt in every color. My girlfriend bought me the black and white striped one and I swear it's the best T-shirt I've ever owned. I just think my life would be complete if I could have it in black and white and blue and the red stripe!MC: Do you consider asking for gifts "cheating," and, if so, have you "cheated"?KH: I would call asking for clothes a morally ambiguous loophole. I pretty much begged  my girlfriend for that T-shirt, and I give her those "hints." Like, she chose the occasion—she gave it to me as a present on the day my book came out—but she only knew of it because I'd emailed her a link to it with a very leading subject line.MC: How much money have you saved so far?KH: I'm not sure, but it's probably at least $200 – $300. I think I've ended up buying a little more needless skincare than I would have, like this Vitamin C serum from The Ordinary that I haven't even tried yet, and I've bought far too many Colourpop highlighters and books. But I don't really punish myself for buying books. I am able to rationalize that as a professional responsibility. Still, I do think I've overall spent less than I would if I allowed myself clothes. "Nobody remembers if you wore something at another event. And if they do, they really don't care."MC: What about events? Are there any that you're worried about not having the right clothes for? KH: I don't have any weddings this year, which would be the harder thing, but for nearly everything else—like my book launch party and readings—I definitely own enough suitable clothing for those occasions. That was one part of Patchett's essay that really stuck with me. You don't need something new every time there's an "occasion." Nobody remembers if you wore something at another event. And if they do, they really don't care.MC: Even though it's ostensibly about not buying stuff, your newsletter was always about...buying stuff. What's it like sending out a weekly newsletter with things to buy when you're not buying things yourself? Does it feel like sadism? Or masochism? KH: Yeah, it's a little torturous. I've actually only been doing it every other week because it was getting too hard to do that fruitless online "shopping" every week. While the mission of the newsletter was always to shop less and not buy the things I wrote about, I ended up buying at least 10 to 20 percent of them, I'd say. But now I really can't buy the things I'm telling myself not to buy.MC: What is the first thing you will buy on January 1, 2019? KH: Probably something I find online in mid- to-late December this year, honestly, because everything else will be long gone (and hopefully forgotten) by then. Knowing me it'll probably be a sweatshirt. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Abloh is Kanye West's Creative Director, and previously interned at Fendi.Louis Vuitton has announced today that Virgil Abloh is joining the brand as its new Artistic Director of Menswear. Abloh is the founder of Off-White, and is also Kanye West's Creative Director and longtime collaborator. West and Abloh also interned together at Fendi in 2006. Abloh is set to show his first collection for Louis Vuitton during Men's Fashion Week in Paris in June..@VirgilAbloh joins #LouisVuittonLouis Vuitton is delighted to welcome Virgil Abloh as its new Men’s Artistic Director.  His first show will take place in June during Men’s Fashion Week in Paris. pic.twitter.com/4aEOH7T9J8In a statement regarding Abloh's new role, CEO of Louis Vuitton, Michael Burke, said (via WWD):Of his new role with Louis Vuitton, Abloh said (via WWD), "It is an honor for me to accept the position of men’s artistic director for Louis Vuitton. I find the heritage and creative integrity of the house are key inspirations and will look to reference them both while drawing parallels to modern times."According to Bloomberg, "While Abloh has kept quiet regarding his work for West, he rose to prominence in the fashion industry as a consultant for the rapper," advising and collaborating with him on Yeezy, as well as music releases.Speaking to The Guardian in March 2018, Abloh said of his Off-White label, "My brand started in the streets and the alleys of the internet–I come from a different school of thought about clothing. I understand people see it as fashion. To me, this is an art practice." 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			This. Is. Everything. Just when you thought ASOS couldn’t get any better—the trendy fashion house recently stopped Photoshopping its models’ stretch marks and skin imperfections—the brand made a decision that will win your heart all over again. Today they became one of the first retailers to show clothes on multiple body types.And I don’t mean a separate-but-equal situation, where an item of clothing is only shown on a curvy woman when the item is also available in plus-size. No, I mean that ASOS is showing the same apparel on different models with different figures.Twitter user Eleanor (@ejhc) was the first to point out the change, Tweeting, “omg i love @asos even more!!! finally showing the same item on girls with different body types 💕💕💕.”ASOS then confirmed the monumental move, responding that the update will roll out across the ASOS app soon.“We’re always testing new technology that can make our customers’ experience even better,” said an ASOS rep to Cosmopolitan UK. “In this case, we’re experimenting with AR to show product on different size models, so customers can get a better sense of how something might fit their body shape.”  As someone whose nightly pastime is scrolling through the ASOS app and who isn’t a size zero, this news is incredibly exciting. Finally, I can stop staring at the screen trying to calculate the likelihood that my boobs will fit into a tiny romper that an even tinier model is wearing.   And clearly, I’m not the only one who is pumped:  Though there’s no official word on when exactly the update will roll out, I’ll be using this as an excuse to check my ASOS app twice a day, instead of just once. Bye, credit limit.  		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Nobody does style quite like Queen B. Few things are certain in life—but Beyoncé delivering serious style inspiration is one of them. This season, Queen Bey is all about injecting her look with a slew of ultra-vibrant prints. Click through for her fashion forecast and get your wardrobe on point.Beyoncé's latest Instagram look is perfect for Spring. The long-sleeved chiffon dress moves perfectly, and she accessorizes the look with the sweetest pair of transparent pumps.Beyoncé posted this look on Instagram, wearing a stunning gown with two thigh-high slits. Attending Clive Davis' Pre-Grammys Gala with husband Jay Z. Beyoncé posted this look on Instagram, wearing a feathery holiday dress and heels. Beyoncé posted her latest look on Instagram, pairing an Ivy Park crop top, with a fitted skirt, and white toeless pumps.Beyoncé posted her latest look on Instagram, pairing a cropped blue hoodie with a black and white bodycon skirt.Beyoncé posted her latest look on Instagram. Comprising of a fitted floral dress, and a perfect pair of bright red pumps, the singer looked flawless as always.Beyoncé updated her Instagram with this incredible ensemble. Her pregnancy style has been incomparable, and this eclectic look is perfection.Beyoncé, the unofficial queen of courtside style, was seen at the Staples Center in L.A. watching the Clippers battle the Utah Jazz with hubby Jay Z. This time she sported a Gucci backpack from their latest collection, that has the words "Modern Future" printed on the front. Fall may just be kicking into gear, but the Queen was giving us major spring vibes in a pink, butterfly-emblazoned sweater, striped midi skirt, and red velvet sandals. As she rounds out her Formation World Tour, Bey dons a neon green Formation T-shirt, waist-cinching belt, pencil skirt, and strappy heels. She punctuates the look with a leather beret and matching dark pout.Bey spent date night with Jay in an army print Ivy Park baseball cap, oversized denim jacket, cut-offs, brightly-colored pumps, and a furry clutch emblazoned with "I kiss better than I cook." Same, Beyoncé. Same.While grabbing dinner in Hollywood with Jay, Bey swore a billowy blue print romper and matching navy pumps that made her killer gams looks that much longer.For her Soul Train-themed birthday party, Queen Bey channeled Foxy Cleopatra in a pale yellow mini-dress, nude fishnets, round sunnies, silver platforms, and a print coat worn the shouldersBey cozied up next to Jay-Z at the U.S. Open wearing a floral corset top with a cleavage-bearing cutout paired with a mid-length, ribbed skirt. She layered the look with a dusty pink jacket, seamlessly transitioning into fall fashion. Like a real-life Eloise without the attitude or the absentee mom, Blue Ivy hit Bergdorf Goodman for a spot of shopping. Beyoncé wore a hot pink ruched skirt and color-block shirt, while Blue was in a frilly pink dress. Following the VMAs, Queen Bey wore the very white lace gown she accepted her Video of the Year Award in on a date to an Italian restaurant with Jay Z.To support their friend Usher at the Hands of Stone premiere, Queen Bey and Jay donned matching gray power suits. Now excuse us while we order our own bespoke pinstripe number à la Bey.After grabbing dinner in Capri, Italy, Bey decided to slip off her shoes yet again, walking around barefoot in an ivory bodycon dress.For a boat ride in Nice, France, Queen Bey wore a sand-colored maxi slip dress and took the boho vibes even further by going totally barefoot on the pavement. Goddess much, Bey?When she's not looking fierce AF in a bejeweled bodysuit or latex gown, Queen B likes to channel her inner boho babe, like she did here for a romantic date night with bae. But whether she's dressed in hippie chic or haute couture, she's always 100 percent flawless. While out with her husband Jay-Z in NYC, Queen Bey made a sultry statement in all black with a leather beret, tailored blazer, matching shorts, and heeled ankle boots. She even punctuated the look with black lipstick.Yes, Queen Bey's latest look is without question an ode to Lemonade, but that aside, it's just totally chic outfit inspo. We're loving the summery-yet-polished combination of her straw hat, white tank, blazer worn on the shoulders, and sharply-tailored trousers. Stepping out with her hubby Jay Z, Bey was a downtown goddess pairing a leather motorcycle jacket with a spring-ready graphic floral dress with ruffle detail. She punctuated the ensemble with a hot-pink pout. If anyone can pull of a bright orange velour suit, it's Beyoncé. This retro look is proof enough that if you're not currently tapping into the '70s, you should Bey.Bey laughs in the face of convention, so naturally she's not afraid to don white after Labor Day. She eases her style into fall with a long-sleeved V-neck top, high-waisted graphic skirt, and nude sandals.Like a bohemian siren, Bey struts her stuff in NYC wearing a form-fitting Dolce & Gabbana dress with a white blazer worn on the shoulders. On the footwear front, she keeps things sexy, yet simple in Stuart Weitzman's nudist silk sandals.We never thought we'd see the day, but Bey is totally geeking out with her latest get-up, wearing a red blazer, graphic T-shirt, navy shorts, white tennis shoes, and classic square metal frame aviator glasses.Looking nothing short of a summer goddess, Bey puts her stems on full display in a brown, long-sleeved ribbed maxi dress (with a sultry split hem!) while having a Marilyn moment over an NYC subway grate. She accessorizes the look with a nude bag and matching ankle-strap sandals.SLR in tow, Bey hits the town in black-on-black-on-black fashion with a felt boater hat, round sunnies, tailored blazer, sheer panel top, slim-fit pants, and chunky platforms. Rumor has it that since she's constantly using accessories to cover her stomach, she may be pregnant. We can't help but be cautiously optimistic!Braving the heat in NYC, Bey channels the '70s in a tan knit crop top, denim hot pants, and chain-strap heels. To modernize the look, she tops things off with a structured white vest.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Tiler Peck and Eden Grinshpan are serious #goals.This is a modal window.Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window.End of dialog window.While they've taken very different professional paths, Tiler Peck, a principal dancer with the New York City Ballet, and Eden Grinshpan, host of the Cooking Channel's Eden Eats, have a few key things in common: They're both all about supporting other women, know that confidence is key to overcoming failure (and achieving success), and have honed their personal styles to represent their authentic selves."I love being a woman because I feel like I'm part of a really strong sisterhood," Grinshpan says. "There's a movement right now where women are really starting to come together, build one another, speak their minds, push themselves, and be who we should have always been and who we always have been."Peck agrees: "Working alongside women is really empowering. I think there's nothing more important than successful women helping other women succeed. [In my industry,] we're basically a family. We're working from 10:30 in the morning until 10:30 at night, so if we're not supporting each other, literally nothing is going to get done during the day."I love being a woman because I feel like I'm part of a really strong sisterhood.And, Grinshpan muses, there's a heckuva a lot to get done. "It's our time to prove that there's absolutely no difference between male versus female. We're here. We're equal. It's our time to shine. It's not about jealousy. It's not about cattiness. It's about building each other up."Interestingly, fashion is intrinsic to their efforts. Both women realized long ago that success starts with being at ease in their skin, and yes, their clothes as well. Grinshpan says, "In any profession, self-acceptance is everything. And I feel like when you are really happy with who you are, it shows in the work that you put out there and the people you befriend in any task you do in your life. So it all starts from self-acceptance and self-love." Peck, who favors a feminine but edgy vibe, explains, "[When it comes to fashion], I feel my best when my outfit is an extension of me." Grinshpan agrees, "I feel [my best] when I am doing the things that I love the most and wearing clothes that make me feel comfortable and happy."One label that both women feel represents their sense of ease and self-assurance: Lauren Ralph Lauren. "I've always thought it was this iconic American brand. They're current and relevant, and I think they're for everyone," Peck says. We're here. We're equal. It's our time to shine.Grinshpan agrees. "When I think of Lauren Ralph Lauren, I think of effortless style, and as a mom and as a chef, I am very much attracted to effortless, but really classic, outfits."Watch the video above for more insight into how Grinshpan and Peck feel about womanhood and all the badass things that come with it, and shop the outfits they're sporting below. Win-win.Lauren Ralph Lauren Polka-Dot-A-Line Dress, $125, macys.com; Lauren Ralph Lauren Embroidered Contrast-Trim Blazer, $185, macys.com; Lauren Ralph Lauren Twill Jeans, $115, macys.com; Lauren Ralph Lauren Embroidered T-Shirt, $70, macys.com; Lauren Ralph Lauren Collena Denim Flat, $100, ralphlauren.com		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The news comes after a growing list of fashion designers have pledged to stop using real animal fur. While Versace, Gucci, Michael Kors and a growing list of luxury brands have recently vowed to stop using real fur, San Francisco just became the first major U.S. city to officially ban sales on all fur products.  Tuesday night, the San Francisco Board of Supervisors ruled they would ban selling new fur products within the city. The ban, which goes into effect on January 1, 2019, doesn't apply to secondhand items, sheepskin or lambskin. Furriers and all retailers selling real fur products will have until 2020 to sell their current fur inventories. "The sale of fur products in San Francisco is inconsistent with the City's ethos of treating all living beings, humans and animals alike, with kindness," supervisor Katy Tang, who pushed for the legislation, said in a statement. "There’s no humane way to raise an animal to peel its skin off." Although the recent anti-fur movement has been a major win for animal rights activists, critics worry this move will hurt San Francisco's economy. According to The Hollywood Reporter, San Francisco's Chamber of Commerce estimates that fur sales account for at least $40 million of the city's sales per year. Along with the economical argument, the Fur Information Council of America raised concerns about faux fur's effect on the environment. In a statement, the council revealed San Francisco's ban of animal fur would cause an increase of petroleum-based faux  fur, which would “directly contradict the many positive environmental moves the SF city council has taken regarding plastics and Styrofoam.” “Fur? I am out of that. I don’t want to kill animals to make fashion.” - @Donatella_Versace  Versace is proud to take this ethical step into the future and hopes it will inspire innovation and raise awareness. Versace will phase out all fur products from the 2019 collections onward.A post shared by  Versace (@versace) on Mar 16, 2018 at 8:51am PDTThe fashion industry has also been a strong force in the recent expansion of the anti-fur movement. More and more luxury brands are halting the use of real fur and instead opting for faux fur alternatives. Versace, Tom Ford, Michael Kors, Gucci, Furla and more have recently announced a ban on all fur products. However, brands like Karl Lagerfeld, Saint Laurent, Fendi and Dior are still using real fur in collections. Below, see an updated guide as to which high fashion brands are no longer using real fur. HIGH FASHION BRANDS THAT ARE NOW FUR-FREEFrom: Harper's BAZAAR US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"No frills. No bows. No bullshit."The minimalist online clothing retailer known for its ethically-sourced, comfy knits and tees has just expanded to underwear. Today, Everlane introduced its first-ever underwear collection featuring seven different styles—four bottoms, one bra, a bodysuit, and a men's boxer brief—all made from soft Supima cotton. The line has been over two years in the making and will include sizes XS-XL. Everlane is making it clear that they will stick to minimal, gender-neutral designs—none of the so-called "feminine frills" underwear brands think women want to wear.  To: Everyone From: The Women of Everlane #LoveYourUnderwear for women (and men).A post shared by  Everlane (@everlane) on Mar 20, 2018 at 11:51am PDT"Underwear should be made for you. But for decades, it’s been designed with someone else in mind. Bras that push, pad, and squeeze. Fabrics that suffocate. Lace that chafes," says the sustainable apparel company. "Two years ago, our product team set out on a mission: Create simple, natural underwear that women can feel confident and comfortable in. No frills. No bows. No bullshit."Into it? You can sign up for the waitlist here to be one of the first to get your hands on the collection, available March 26. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Big job, big style.When I started at ELLE.com as senior news editor four years ago, it didn’t matter all that much what I wore. I cared about what I looked like, but on days when I had an I-have-nothing-to-wear meltdown, I could settle on a sweater-jeans combo and not stress about it. I rarely had meetings that included people outside of my own team, and if I needed to attend a meeting or after-work drink that prohibited me from wearing, say, sneakers, I knew about it in advance. But, as I rose in the ranks at ELLE, I started getting invited to more unexpected meetings, asked to attend more last-minute events, and met more people whom I couldn’t wear clothes that were merely “comfortable” in front of. Getting dressed became more stressful.Then I became Digital Director of Marie Claire and I had a wardrobe epiphany. I was a boss, so I should start dressing like one. I have meetings nearly every day now—ones that pop up on my calendar a half hour in advance. I find myself sitting across from fancy people with important jobs all the time—and, I’m one of them (and I should embrace that!), so I need to look and feel like I belong.I’m also super busy, so I don’t have time to stand in front of my closet freaking out that I have nothing to wear. I wanted a uniform of sorts—so I started weeding through my closet, picking out the things I loved, pieces that I could easily mix and match, and clothes that made me feel good. Then I identified the holes and made a mental list of things I wanted to buy. I realized I somehow didn’t own black pants or white button downs, the most classic of wardrobe staples, and those were the first items I invested in. Now, I’ve slowly started to build a wardrobe that’s put-together and comfortable—and makes me feel like a boss.Again, I didn’t own a pair of trousers until six months ago. Zero white button-downs hung in my closet. This is shocking to me now, because this pants + blouse combo has become my saving grace. My new go-to when I have to look polished (and get out the door) is a chic blouse, pants-that-are-not-jeans, a lady-bag, and a pair of heels.kate spade new york Sam bag, $298 SHOPI have the luxury of having a job where I can look “cool” at work. Basically anything I wear to the office translates into an outfit that I can later drink wine in. The easiest way to make a quick-switch is, of course, with accessories. Swapping out my big laptop-lugging tote bag for a fun purse and putting on the pair of heels that lives under my desk (key for those last-minute meetings!) makes an outfit more night appropriate.Going to a cover shoot is always super fun—but never quite as glamorous as one would imagine. I always dress down (and wear comfortable shoes!) because inevitably I’ll find myself running around to grab something or plopping down in a corner with my computer. But! I still want to look nice, because at the end of the day I’m meeting a celebrity who I am pretty sure would totally be my best friend if we just had more time to hang out, etc.Fashion week is always interesting because people get a little more out-there with their lewks. I love something like a fancy fanny pack to make what might be a normal office outfit more capital-F Fashion….Plus, during fashion week being hands-free so you can have full arm range motion to take photos and videos and eat snacks on the go is a bonus.What do I wear on the weekends, you ask? Well, one of my favorite trends of the moment is athleisure (because who doesn’t want to wear leggings for two days straight?), but when it’s warm out, I’ve been trying to wear more dresses—it’s the easiest way to look like you tried, while still being laid-back and comfortable. And, of course, I choose sneakers, always.All other clothing - Sally's ownPhotography by Olivia Malone, Prop Styling by Todd Wiggins, Makeup by Ingeborg G, Hair by Takashi Yusa 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The Duchess of Cambridge wore a Jenny Packham coat. Following her stunning St. Patrick's Day appearance, Kate Middleton has stepped out wearing green once again. Her latest maternity look is as chic as ever, and sees the Duchess wearing a custom-made Jenny Packham coat, and a matching dress.As usual, Middleton's unique twist on maternity wear meant that the royal retained her trademark style, even opting to wear the blush pink suede heels she's often spotted in:The pretty Jenny Packham coat had a sweet bow detail on the collar, and perfectly matched her dress underneath. Middleton also accessorized her outfit with a nude clutch:Middleton was attending the Royal Society of Medicine in London, for an event seeking to provide better support to children and young people, especially those from deprived areas of the UK. According to Kensington Palace, "Her Royal Highness is bringing together academics, researchers, practitioners, educators and charities to discuss perinatal, maternal and infant mental health; parenting support; and resources for schools." The Daily Mail reports that Middleton will give a speech at today's event.At today’s symposium The Duchess of Cambridge has heard from leading academics, @WesselyS @doctoralaing Professor Jane Barlow & @AFNCCF CEO, @PeterFonagy on perinatal, maternal and infant #MentalHealth & the importance of supporting parents pic.twitter.com/Ipkp8226I9The Duchess of Cambridge's baby is due in April 2018, and it's thought that Middleton will take maternity leave shortly. However, her commitment to the organizations she works with means that she's not in a rush to stop working. The due date of Middleton and Prince William's third baby was announced back in October 2017, prior to Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's engagement announcement. With the royal wedding due to take place on May 19, it's likely that the new royal baby will put in an appearance at the big event.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Welcome to your spring closet intervention. Spring is like the boyfriend who keeps telling you he's going to call but never does—which is why it's totally acceptable that you've been wearing the same turtleneck/jeans combination for the past six weeks. Alas, the temperature is finally starting to rise (and with it, our spirits), making getting dressed in the morning way less painful. Get inspired to upgrade your wardrobe and liven up the office with these five spring work outfits, ahead. Say goodbye to your traditional white button-down. Introducing your life-saving closet staple—the bodysuit. Oh, and the midi skirt of your dreams, ideal for days packed with meetings and brainstorming sessions. Click through the slides ahead to shop the look. T. By Alexander Wang bodysuit, $275SHOP ITGorjana bracelet, $50SHOP ITJonathan Simkhai skirt, $465SHOP ITUrban Outfitters tote, $44SHOP ITWhat says spring more than linen pants, a boxy button-down, and a pair of mules? PSA: Linen is actually preferable in the spring, not summer when you're dripping with sweat 99 percent of the time. Everlane shirt, $88SHOP ITGentle Souls mules, $199SHOP ITMadewell pants, $60SHOP ITKarine Sultan cuff, $105SHOP ITFor those who can't let go of their knits just yet, transform them into a springtime staple by adding a flowy pair of culottes and leather platform sandals. Everlane sweater, $68SHOP ITKendra Scott necklace, $75SHOP ITVince culottes, $265SHOP ITRobert Clergerie shoes, $248SHOP ITIf you want to feel like you just came from a yoga retreat in the middle of the desert (major refresh included), put on this outfit. Warm tones are instant mood brighteners, and these western-inspired flares are your sartorial reminder that cold winter days are behind you. Alexis Bittar bracelet, $145SHOP ITVictoria, Victoria Beckham shirt, $365SHOP ITVeronica Beard jeans, $250SHOP ITFrye booties, $298SHOP ITWe're not just talkin' multiple accessories. Pairing a jacket over a jumper gives you two outfits in one. (Seriously, see how different you look without it. Welcome to the power of a good statement jacket). Add the moto if it gets chilly, or you want to be a bit more "conservative" in stricter office environments. J. Crew jumpsuit, $61SHOP ITUrban Outfitters earrings, $20SHOP ITBlankNYC jacket, $89SHOP ITPandora ring, $65SHOP ITStuart Weitzman shoes, $398SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Last night, stars came out for the 2nd Annual Wearable Art Gala at Alexandria Ballrooms in Los Angeles. The evening's theme was "From WACO to Wakanda" and the fashion reflected the huge impact Black Panther has had. Here are some of the best looks from the night. From: Harper's BAZAAR US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She looks radiant.Kate Middleton continues to perform her royal public duties, as she nears the birth of her third child with husband Prince William. Celebrating St. Patrick's Day 2018, the Duchess wore a chic emerald green outfit, and simple black velvet pumps. She held her baby bump often, as she made her annual trip with Prince William to honor the Irish Guards for St. Patrick's Day, at Cavalry Barracks in Hounslow, England.Middleton looked ecstatic to be taking part in the engagement, and seemed happy to celebrating St. Patrick's Day with the guards. Her color co-ordinated outfit was perfect for the occasion, and was another example of the Duchess' pitch perfect maternity wardrobe:Prince William seemed to be enjoying the day immensely too, even partaking in what looked like a pint of Guinness, but might just have been a glass of cold brew coffee (judging by the Starbucks sign behind him):Plus, an Irish wolfhound called Domhnall was on hand to make the day even cuter:The Duchess of Cambridge is due to go on maternity leave soon, with her baby due sometime next month. But the gorgeous photos of her make it clear that she loves celebrating St. Patrick's Day:A very happy #StPatricksDay to the Irish Guards, and all our followers☘️ pic.twitter.com/9ss3UHdbMfPrince William and Middleton's third baby is due in April. They made the announcement about their due date back in October 2017, prior to Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's engagement announcement. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are delighted to confirm they are expecting a baby in April 2018. pic.twitter.com/jOzB1TJMofThe baby's birthday could fall very close to great grandmother Queen Elizabeth II's, as she was born on April 21. From: Harper's BAZAAR US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			NONE of it has been free. Meghan Markle is *thisclose* to being royal and she is 1000 percent dressing the part. Every look she has worn since moving to London as Prince Harry's fiancée has been perfect. But, high fashion comes at a high cost. Meghan's royal wardrobe (meaning just the items she's worn to her first nine royal events) has cost a whopping $28,688 so far. So who, exactly, is paying for Meghan Markle's new high-end wardrobe? She is. As People reports, royals don't accept free designer clothes. Until Meghan and Harry are officially married, she can't buy clothes using money from the fund Prince William, Kate Middleton, and Prince Harry use for such purchases. The fund, which comes from Prince Charles, is valued at $4.8 million and is used to cover the costs of their public lives (it also funds things like salaries and office costs). Of course, Meghan was a successful actress before she met Harry; she can afford to splurge on clothes in the meantime. Money estimates that Meghan earned $50,000 per episode at the end of her run on  Suits, and pegged her annual salary at around $450,000. Of course, Prince Harry is also free to contribute his own money for her wardrobe and he's valued at $25 million even by the most conservative estimates. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			And here's how you can order her black jeans.Meghan Markle's impressive impact on the fashion world continues. It's been revealed that the denim brand Markle wore during a visit to Cardiff in Wales with Prince Harry in January now has a three-month waiting list.Markle wore a pair of black jeans by Hiut when she stepped out with Prince Harry to meet crowds of fans in Cardiff. Her stunning outfit consisted of a Stella McCartney coat, Tabitha Simmons shoes, a DeMellier London bag, and the black denim jeans by Hiut. And now, co-founder of Hiut, David Hieatt, has spoken to the Daily Mail about the impressive effect Markle's wardrobe choice had on their company.  He says:Basically, the Meghan Markle effect is very, very real. Hiut's black denim jeans retail for around $320, but the waiting list means that customers will need to be patient to get Markle's iconic look. The brand sells a number of styles, including the black skinny pants that Markle favors. Hieatt told the Daily Mail, "Amazon Prime doesn't teach patience, that's for sure. But there's something lovely about having something of a world class nature and having to wait for it."Markle had a similar effect on Scottish accessories brand, Strathberry, when she carried one of their bags on her first official engagement with Prince Harry.You can explore Hiut Denim's website now, and select a pair fit for a future Duchess. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"I don’t want to kill animals to make fashion."Despite a history of using fur in their designs, Versace will apparently no longer carry fur, according to the brand's creative director Donatella Versace. Currently, Versace's website features several items made from fur, including this coat with a Mink collar. But as Versace tells 1843 in the new interview, "Fur? I am out of that. I don’t want to kill animals to make fashion. It doesn’t feel right." As 1843 announces, "Change at Versace is happening fast."Versace also spoke about the possibility that she might step down as the brand's creative director soon. She revealed, "Somebody came up to me recently and said, 'there will be a huge crisis if you leave–it will be a fashion disaster!'" But Donatella doesn't share that opinion, as she revealed, "Yes I am Versace. But also Versace needs to mean change. And it needs to be an opportunity for others to express themselves."The Guardian reports that Versace's declaration sees them join other brands that have already made the decision to boycott fur, such as Armani, Michael Kors, Stella McCartney, Hugo Boss, and Calvin Klein. But the International Fur Federation isn't happy with Versace's decision, revealing to The Guardian, "With growing concern about the environment and plastics in fashion, I truly believe fur is the natural and responsible choice for designers and consumers." However, consumers and creatives alike will likely welcome the decision.Versace's interview comes after the announcement this week that Italian brand Furla will be going fur-free, starting with its cruise 2019 collection. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Welcome to MarthaLouisa.com, your new guilty pleasure. With so many luxury e-commerce giants—Net-a-Porter, The Outnet, Shopbop, Stylebop—competing for shoppers' attention, it's difficult to distinguish one designer destination from the rest of the pack. But that's about to change for the founders of MyTheresa.com, who officially launched their new site completely dedicated to footwear, MarthaLouisa.com, today. Yes, all the designer shoes you could possibly want, in one curated place. In 2006, Susanne and Christoph Botschen launched German e-commerce site MyTheresa.com, which features over 200 designer collections of clothing, shoes, and accessories. MarthaLouisa.com will include designer shoes from Saint Laurent, Prada, Gucci, Aeyde, and more, and is expected to take a more editorialized approach. Think: gorgeous photography, 360-degree model shots, and a range of personal styles. Are you still breathing? Well, take a deep one because Martha Louisa is also hosting an exclusive Prada collection (see below; prices range from $820-$890), which you can be the first to shop on March 20th. Hello, spring, and goodbye to our wallets. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The previously sold-out dress is back.Fans of Kate Middleton's impeccable style will be overjoyed to hear that her iconic engagement dress is now available to buy in a selection of colors. Prince William and Kate Middleton announced their engagement back in November 2010, and Middleton's Sapphire Issa London wrap dress caught everyone's attention. In fact, the dress sold out almost immediately; the designer responsible for the iconic look couldn't keep up with the immense demand.As Harper's BAZAAR reported, "the dress became an overnight sensation and sold out from British retailer Harvey Nichols, and resulted in the brand's designs being sold-out in more than 43 countries." But as Issa's creative director Daniella Helayel revealed,  the company simply couldn't finance the production of enough dresses to meet the unprecedented demand, and the label ultimately closed.Cut to 2018, and Issa has relaunched at British store House of Fraser, and will now be selling the the Kate Tie Wrap dress in several colors. Plus, the new design is significantly cheaper than the original—while the first Issa wrap dress retailed for around $600, the new Kate Tie Wrap is a fraction of the price at $140.Issa's new Kate Tie Wrap dress is currently available in an emerald green, with more colors to follow. There is also a redesigned version of the dress, which features a fitted skirt, available in black, royal blue, and red. And luckily, House of Fraser will deliver internationally for anyone desperate to get their own version of the Duchess' classic gown before it sells out again.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Spring is almost here—and we're eager for warmer weather, longer days, and...springier clothes. Here, Marie Claire editors share the pieces they want to buy for the season ahead, right now.This is the perfect SPRING with exclamation points skirt. The white, pleated style is sweet, but it has a high leg slit that makes sure it's not too sweet. - Sally Holmes, Digital DirectorAltuzarra Skirt, $394 Shop ItI'm all about a flat, and as soon as it's warm enough to let my heels go free, I'm going to be wearing these puppies (or their furrier counterpart) everywhere. - Sally Holmes, Digital DirectorJenni Kayne Mule, $275 SHOP ITI'm obsessed with Ric Rac and am so happy to see Loeffler Randall bringing it back for Spring. These slides will make taking my dog out to pee a way chicer experience. - Mehera Bonner, Senior Entertainment EditorLoeffler Randall Birdie Ruffle Slide, $295 SHOP IT This play on a basic trench from Vivetta is the perfect combination of my Breakfast at Tiffany's-meets-Jean Cocteau dreams. - Mehera Bonner, Senior Entertainment EditorVivetta  Camel Narciso Trench Coat, $960 SHOP ITA usual spring day in New York can start out snowing and end in hot rain, so I almost always pair my warm-weather dresses with a bomber, like this crystal-studded one, just in case the temps turn. - Chloe Metzger, Beauty EditorGivenchy Bomber Jacket, $3,670 SHOP ITMy boyfriend and I are heading to Italy for vacation in a couple months. If this dress doesn’t say ‘sipping aperol spritzes on a dock along the Amalfi Coast,’ I don’t know what does. - Danielle McNally, Senior Features EditorRobert Rodriguez Dress, $395 SHOP ITThere are myriad reasons why I want this shoe, but here are three: 1) I prefer to only buy things that I can wear both to the office and on the weekends and these are conservative enough to say “I’m a serious editor,” but not so stuffy that I’ll look uptight at boozy brunch; 2) Fur + Pastels = Perfect transitional weather shoe; 3) If it were societally acceptable to wear slippers outside of the house, I would. These mules allow me to do just that. - Danielle McNally, Senior Features EditorGucci Shearling Loafer Mules, $995 SHOP ITAs the flowers bloom and birds chirp, sprinklers are popping up across baseball diamonds as Opening Day is set to return in April. What better way to celebrate the new season than with a classic Yankees Cap that also benefits the arts?- Travis McHenry, DesignerMOMA NY Yankees Baseball Cap, $40 SHOP ITThese hand-crafted sneakers are meticulously stitched in Japan with genuine leathers, allowing the wearer to witness the natural weathering over time as they’re worn. If there's another selling point needed, this shoe’s silhouette is in homage to the classic Air Jordan 4's. - Travis McHenry, DesignerHender Scheme Sneakers, $960  SHOP ITIf you haven’t heard, spring officially belongs to the shirt dress. This two-for-one doubles as a standalone on weekends or tucked into a pair of trousers for a chic office pairing. - Rachel Epstein, Assistant EditorElizabeth & James Shirtdress, $192 SHOP ITI’ve been waiting for the right moment to snag a new pair of booties, which I consider my go-to shoe year-round. Since I’ll finally be able to see my ankles again but don’t want to get too risque (you know, climate change), I'm adding these curved topline booties to my wish list ASAP. - Rachel Epstein, Assistant EditorFrye Bootie, $278 SHOP ITSay what you want about the off-the-shoulder—I’m still into it. It’s light enough to keep out sweat but warm enough to withstand an extra breeze. And since I like to mix-and-match my blues, I’m wearing this with a pair of high-rise cigarette jeans or a midi skirt. - Rachel Epstein, Assistant EditorElizabeth & James Top, $113 SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Need. Now. Selena Gomez first announced her partnership with Coach in December 2016, and ever since she's collaborated with the label on stunning lines of bags and accessories. Now, she's transitioning to clothing with her first ready-to-wear collection, Selena x Coach, that will debut fall 2018. The line will be designed together by Gomez, 25, and Coach creative director Stuart Vevers and will feature a range of outerwear, ready-to-wear, handbags, small leather goods and other accessories, per WWD.Gomez shared the exciting news on Instagram. "Fam, my second collection for @coach is going to include clothes! So grateful I got to work on this with @stuartvevers. Can’t wait to show you this fall. #CoachxSelena #CoachNY" The great news follows a rough year for the singer-slash-actress-slash designer whose simultaneously dealt with a kidney transplant, her on-and-off relationship with Justin Bieber, and mending her relationship with her mother. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The legendary designer was best known for his work with Audrey Hepburn. Hubert de Givenchy, founder of the house of Givenchy, passed away on Saturday at the age of 91 years old. His family confirmed the news this morning. The designer worked for Pierre Balmain, Christian Dior, and Elsa Schiaparelli before founding his own fashion house in 1952. Soon after starting his own label, he met Audrey Hepburn, who became his lifelong muse and shaped the future of Givenchy's fashion legacy. Givenchy famously designed the famous little black dress Hepburn wore in the opening scene of Breakfast at Tiffany's and also created looked for her roles in Funny Face and Sabrina—paving the way for future designers' role in cinematic fashion. Throughout his career, the designer went on to dress a string of elegant, esteemed women including Jacqueline Kennedy, Grace Kelly, Greta Garbo and more. After debuting his first couture collection in 1952, Givenchy launched a ready-to-wear label just two years later and then a menswear collection in 1969. The French designer's work was marked by its Parisian elegance and sophistication that saw its impact in the cinema, on the red carpet, and on the chicest of women.  Givenchy stepped down as the head of design in 1995. Since his departure from the fashion house, an array of designers have taken reins of the label, including Alexander McQueen, John Galliano, Riccardo Tisci and, currently, Clare Waight Keller, the house's first female creative director.From: Harper's BAZAAR US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The mall staple is apparently struggling financially.Claire’s, a mecca for middle school girls who want cheap accessories and free ear piercings, is reportedly about to make a drastic move to deal with its financial issues. Bloomberg, citing unnamed sources, reports that Claire’s is preparing to file for bankruptcy in the next few weeks, and would pass control of the chain from their parent company, Apollo Global Management LLC, to lenders who would help ease the company’s $2 billion in debt.   According to The Hollywood ReporterThe company has lately been struggling with dwindling customer numbers and competition from online retailers, and has been trying to get its products in other stores like drugstores or supermarkets. And of course, it’s one of many retailers that are dealing with financial struggles, from Macy’s to Payless ShoeSource to Toys R Us.    The Independent notes that Claire’s sells its products in 4,220 locations in 45 countries; it’s also apparently the world’s most popular ear piercer, with 3 million ears pierced at Claire’s each year. And of course, it’s essentially the number-one retailer for kids’ first school dances and princess Halloween costumes. If this bankruptcy deal leads to Claire's closing up shop, girls across the country will lose a favorite, and so will grown-up women who remember the chain fondly. Even if those tiaras and earrings broke after two minutes of wear.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Some of the most influential women of the last year share how personal style plays a role in their fight for female empowerment. There are a lot of things that can make a woman feel powerful—her friends, her favorite book, her co-workers, her signature lipstick. None of these are mutually exclusive. But there's a universal truth that speaks to the power of clothing. Just ask these three women, who've made their mark on the world by spearheading the conversation on sexual assault, championing women's rights, and fighting for equality. Women who have worked to better the lives of others in the clothing that made them feel most confident. In fact, one of them did so for eight hours straight wearing four-inch heels. Now that's badass.Tarana Burke, Founder of #MeToo"I feel strong and ready to conquer the world in all black and a pair of boots. It's completely utilitarian—it doesn't require a lot of mixing and matching and can be pulled together quickly. When I dress up, I tend to go big with the colors and accessories, but in my day-to-day life, I have so much work to do that I just need to be able to get right to it and not have to think about what message my clothes might be giving off. The black makes me feel strong and the heels give me a little boost of confidence...then I'm off!"AG, $198SHOP ITRoberto Cavalli, $362SHOP ITVince Camuto, $120SHOP ITGorjana, $78SHOP ITCecile Richards, President of Planned Parenthood "Whenever I have a day that I need to take on a big challenge, I wear a gold pin of my mother's—former Texas Governor Ann Richards—that happens to look a whole lot like a sheriff's badge. It’s a beautiful piece designed by her favorite jeweler, Brian Mikeska, in Austin. It makes me feel like I can take anything on. And if I need more juice? I add her brilliant blue Hermès scarf. Wearing those two, along with one of my blue suits (like the one I wore to testify before Congress), I feel unstoppable."Nadri, $58SHOP ITVeronica Beard, $495SHOP ITWayf, $59SHOP ITHérmes, $295SHOP ITNancy Pelosi, Minority Leader of the U.S. House of Representatives "This month, I was honored to donate my suit and gavel from the day I shattered the marble ceiling by becoming the first woman Speaker of the House to the Smithsonian Institution.   That day, I said to our daughters and granddaughters, ‘We made history.  Now, let’s make progress.’  We need more women to know their power and show their confidence—whatever way that is for them—because nothing is more wholesome to our democracy than the increased leadership and participation of women.” Zara, $119SHOP ITZara, $50SHOP ITHelmut Lang, $172SHOP ITBaubleBar, $68SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The Outnet is currently having its largest sale yet, with items from all of your favorite designers discounted up to 85 percent. Pre-sale access began March 2-5, but the real magic happens now through the 17th. And because scrolling through 3,000 items sounds like a nightmare, we've done the work for you. Ahead, the best clothing, shoes, bags, and accessories from the sale. You're welcome. Diane von Furstenberg, $149SHOP ITAlexander Wang, $119SHOP ITM.I.H Jeans, $119SHOP ITSoludos, $22SHOP ITMoschino, $44SHOP ITTibi, $50SHOP ITIris & Ink, $52SHOP ITLoeffler Randall, $44SHOP ITMoschino, $82SHOP ITBrunello Cucinelli, $220SHOP ITAdam Lippes, $88SHOP ITDuffy, $64SHOP ITProenza Schouler, $694SHOP ITVanessa Bruno, $142SHOP ITMarc by Marc Jacobs, $58SHOP ITIris & Ink, $140SHOP ITDiane von Furstenberg, $80SHOP ITPurity Active, $65SHOP ITGianvito Rossi, $179SHOP ITHelmut Lang, $104SHOP ITJoseph, $95SHOP ITMarni, $78SHOP ITValentino, $448SHOP ITOscar de la Renta, $208SHOP ITMax Mara, $219SHOP ITAcne Studios, $70SHOP ITApiece Apart, $62SHOP ITT by Alexander Wang, $62SHOP ITChan Luu, $68SHOP ITRoksanda, $638SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Your new closet go-to has arrived. Little known secret weapon: The bodysuit. If it isn't in your personal capsule collection alongside your plain white tee and your leather jacket, it's time to reconsider. Take it from Bella Hadid, who proves the one-piece can easily double as a lightweight turtleneck underneath a statement coat. You didn't even notice it was a bodysuit at first, did you?  And that, my friends, is the magic of the bodysuit, which will have you fooling your friends for years before anybody notices you've been wearing the same piece with seven different outfits. Shop Bella's perfect $74 Commando one, available from Bare Necessities, for yourself below. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Step one to reclaiming your power: Own it. On March 8, women around the world will celebrate how completely badass they are—which, frankly, should be every day. Last year's Women's March was the largest single-day demonstration in  U.S. history, and if the female-led #MeToo and #TimesUp movements have proven anything, it's that women refuse to remain silent. Keep up the momentum in 2018 and beyond by adding these 24 chic pieces to your wardrobe as a firm reminder that women rule the world. Bonus: Your money will go to some great causes along the way.  Rebecca Minkoff, $88SHOP ITCynthia Rowley x Lingua Franca, $125SHOP ITTwenty percent of each sale goes to the Girl Scouts of the USA. Lingua Franca, $380SHOP ITTopshop, $9SHOP ITCynthia Rowley, $80SHOP ITTwenty percent of each sale goes to the Girl Scouts of the USA. Ganni, $105SHOP ITLingua Franca, $380SHOP ITFor every sale of $100, Linga Franca will spread donations between the Chorus Foundation and Alliance for Quality Education.Tuesday Bassen, $10SHOP ITFor every pin sold, the company will donate 10 percent to an organization or individual of their choice from the following list: Inner-City Arts (Los Angeles, CA), Art Buddies (Minneapolis, MN), UNION for Contemporary Arts (Omaha, NE). Lunya, $88SHOP ITOne-hundred percent of the proceeds will be donated to Girls Inc. LA. Urban Outfitters, $15SHOP ITMoschino, $251SHOP ITCynthia Rowley x Lingua Franca, $125SHOP ITTwenty percent of each sale goes to the Girl Scouts of the USA. Bando, $38SHOP ITAlala, $69SHOP ITActivewear brand Alala has partnered with organization Equal Means Equal (EME) to enact positive change by demanding a gender equality clause be added to the United States Constitution. A portion of proceeds from sales will be donated to EME through March.Lingua Franca, $380SHOP ITUrban Outfitters, $29SHOP ITStella and Bow, $44SHOP ITOne-hundred percent of the proceeds from this bracelet will go to Planned Parenthood. Rebecca Minkoff, $44SHOP ITOeuf, $35SHOP ITAll proceeds from the sales of this tee will be donated to Sanctuary for Families, New York's leading service provider and advocate for survivors of domestic violence, sex trafficking, and related forms of gender violence.Uncommon Goods, $50SHOP ITTheory x Prinkshop, $40SHOP ITDonations will be made to WE NYC, a small business initiative dedicated to helping female entrepreneurs.Eileen Fisher, $98SHOP ITOne-hundred percent of the proceeds go to Ignite, an organization that’s empowering young women to become tomorrow’s leaders.Gilt x Together We Rise, $69SHOP ITOne-hundred percent of the proceeds will go to Girls Who Code. CJW, $195SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			If you didn't wear sequins, did you even attend the Oscars?Sequins, red gowns, plunging necklines, and open-leg slits dominated the Oscars red carpet last night. While your eyes may have glazed over the 90+ celebrities who attended the carpet and after-party step-and-repeat, it's hard to miss the celebs who look like they got dressed together before the show. (We're looking at you, Jennifer Lawrence and Sandra Bullock.) Here, the best twinning moments of the night. Robbie in Chanel Spring 2018 Couture, Gadot in Givenchy Spring 2018 Couture. Streep in Christian Dior, Janney in Reem Acra. St. Vincent wore identical outfits (sans pants) to the Oscars red carpet and after-party.Then she matched with Kendall Jenner, who attended the Vanity Fair after-party in Redemption. Enter: gorgeous open-leg slits on Mock and Henson. Did we mention sequins? Olivia Wilde in Roberto Cavalli and Gal Gadot in Givenchy Spring 2018 Couture. While side-by-side they don't immediately scream "matchy-matchy," Lawrence and Bullock both chose metallic dresses to grace the red carpet and they're equally as stunning. Hello again, metallic wonders. Banks in Ralph & Russo Spring 2018 Couture and Sims in Naeem Khan. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Dare we say they're better than the red carpet?Before the Oscars officially ended, Hollywood starlets made their way over to the real celebration: the after-parties. Ahead, see all the celebs who ditched the show and headed to the festivities early. In Louis VuittonIn Redemption In Ermanno ScervinnoIn Sophia WebsterIn Giambattista Valli Fall 2017 CoutureIn Chanel Spring 2018 CoutureIn Ralph & Russo Fall 2018 RTWIn Atelier VersaceIn Jean-Louis Sabaji Spring 2018 Couture		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The prettiest details you might have missed on the red carpet.On the red carpet, a lot of attention is given to what a dress looks like from the front—which means the pretty details on the back of a gown are often missed. Here, the looks that gave us 360 degrees of fashion.In custom Ralph & RussoIn custom Ralph & RussoIn Giambattista Valli Fall 2017 CoutureIn Giambattista Valli Fall 2017 CoutureIn Gucci x Dapper Dan AtelierIn Gucci x Dapper Dan AtelierIn Atelier VersaceIn Atelier VersaceIn Tony Ward Fall 2017 CoutureIn Tony Ward Fall 2017 CoutureIn Calvin Klein by AppointmentIn Calvin Klein by AppointmentIn Armani Privé Fall 2013 CoutureIn Armani Privé Fall 2013 CoutureIn Ralph Lauren Spring 2018 RTWIn Ralph Lauren Spring 2018 RTWIn Christopher BuIn Christopher Bu		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Wakanda forever. Black Panther isn't eligible for any Oscar recognition until next year (it's already our frontrunner for 2019 Best Picture), but the cast of the blockbuster hit stole the show at the 2018 Academy Awards. Here's what they wore. In Givenchy.In Atelier Versace.In Brunello Cucinelli.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The ultimate rewear!Going vintage on the red carpet is always an interesting move, but Rita Moreno just took it to the next level. The actress, who is presenting at the Academy Awards tonight, just walked the red carpet wearing the same exact dress she wore to the Oscars in 1962.It's the dress she wore when she took home the Best Supporting Actress award for her performance in West Side Story. During a red carpet interview with E!'s Ryan Seacrest, Moreno revealed that the dress, which is in immaculate condition, has been hanging in her closet since the 1962 Oscars. The dress was made in Manila in the Philippines, where she was just before the Academy Awards (she says she flew in on the off chance she won, but felt sure the award would go to her fellow nominee Judy Garland). The dress and Moreno both look just as amazing tonight as they did in 1962. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			St. Vincent, singer (and Cara Delevingne's ex), who'll be performing Sufjan Stevens' Oscar-nominated song “Mystery of Love” with him tonight just showed up on the Academy Awards red carpet sans pants:She doesn't seemed at all concerned about it, however. In fact, her expression says, "No, I'm not wearing pants, and I'm super happy about it. Also, did you see Adam Rippon's harness tux?" At first glance, her outfit looked like a romper, but it's in fact a witchy little dress. Kudos, St. Vincent, for ditching the floor-length gown norm.P.S. If anyone finds St. Vincent's other sleeve, please let us know.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			High leg slits, plunging necklines, and cutouts galore.The Oscars red carpet always promises some big fashion moments: There will be hits, misses, and, of course, looks that push the will-there-be-a-wardrobe-malfunction envelope. Here, the outfits with the highest leg slits, lowest necklines, and nakedest vibes.In custom Vera Wang In Saint Laurent Spring 2018 RTWIn Schiaparelli		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Chic!Surprise! Everyone's favorite glamazon figure skater has made an appearance on the Oscars red carpet and—not surprisingly—he came in a full lewk.It's very Fifty Shades goes to the theater—the cutout shoulders add a particularly dashing S&M touch:Or as Rippon put it in his Instagram story, "just something casual":The Moschino tux (shoutout to the leather bowtie!) already has Tyra's tweet of approval:Hoe, but make it fashion @Adaripp! #Oscars #YouAreFierce pic.twitter.com/ypu87DUUisHe attended with fellow figure skater pal  Mirai Nagasu:Sweet! Sexy!		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			All eyes on the gorgeous ensembles making a statement in more ways than one. Throughout this year's award season, the red carpet has become a platform for movements like #MeToo and #TimesUp. Tonight, Oscars-goers will lend their focus to eliminating gun violence by wearing orange pins in support of victims of the tragic shooting in Parkland, Florida. Hollywood's leading men have also kicked off the #AskMoreofHim initiative. See how celebrities are showing their support on the Oscars red carpet through their gorgeous fashion choices ahead, and keep up with us here as we report on the biggest night in film.  In Zac Posen Resort 2018In Armani PrivéIn Naeem KhanIn ValentinoIn Christian DiorIn Gabriela HearstIn Brandon MaxwellIn Louis VuittonIn Atelier VersaceIn Schiaparelli Spring 2018 Couture dress, Chopard jewelry, Judith Leiber clutch, and Sophia Webster shoesIn Givenchy Spring 2018 Couture and Tiffany & Co. jewelry In custom Christian SirianoIn Calvin Klein by Appointment dress, Christian Louboutin shoes, Cartier jewelry, and Jimmy Choo bagIn Armani Privé and Chopard jewelryIn Eritrean traditional dress and Jimmy Choo shoesIn Christian Dior Pre-Fall 2018 and Roger Vivier shoesIn Atelier VersaceIn custom Berluti In custom Chanel Haute Couture and Roger Vivier shoesIn custom Rodarte, Roger Vivier clutch, and Tiffany & Co. jewelry In Giambattista Valli Spring 2018 In Christian SirianoIn custom Vera Wang dress, Jimmy Choo clutch and sandals, and Roberto Coin jewelry In Michael Kors and Roger Vivier clutchIn Giorgio ArmaniIn Zac Posen Spring 2018 RTW		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Saoirse Ronan looks like she stepped out of a time machine.Last night, the biggest stars in Hollywood braved the rain to attend the 2018 Film Independent Spirit Awards in Santa Monica, California. Here are some of the best looks of the night. In Zuhair Murad.In Off-White and Saint Laurent sneakers.In Ralph & Russo.In Rosie Assoulin.In Missoni.In Alexander McQueen.In custom Greta Constantine.In Brock Collection.In Prada.In Louis Vuitton.In Andrew Gn.In Hottie + Lord.In Miu Miu.In Rodarte.In Burberry.In custom Pamella Roland.In Christian Dior.In Sally LaPointe.From: Harper's BAZAAR US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Emma Stone's transparent shirt is flawless.As we approach this year's Oscars, and await all of the best looks from the red carpet, celebs have been demonstrating their penchant for major costume changes. From Margot Robbie's red and black pinstripe suit, to Greta Gerwig's selection of gorgeous dresses, 2018's pre-Oscar parties did not disappoint.In the Bulleit Frontier Whiskey Lounge at the Film Independent Spirit Awards.Wearing Chanel at the Charles Finch and Chanel Pre-Oscar Awards Dinner in Los Angeles, California. Jewelry by Piaget. Attending the Piaget Celebrates Independent Film with The Art of Elysium at the Chateau Marmont in Los Angeles, California. Attending the Charles Finch and Chanel Pre-Oscar Awards Dinner in Los Angeles, California. Attending the Charles Finch and Chanel Pre-Oscar Awards Dinner in Los Angeles, California. Attending the Charles Finch and Chanel Pre-Oscar Awards Dinner in Los Angeles, California. Attending the Charles Finch and Chanel Pre-Oscar Awards Dinner in Los Angeles, California. Attending the Charles Finch and Chanel Pre-Oscar Awards Dinner in Los Angeles, California. Attending the 11th annual celebration of the 2018 female Oscar nominees presented by Women in Film in Beverly Hills, California.Attending the 11th annual celebration of the 2018 female Oscar nominees presented by Women in Film in Beverly Hills, California.Attending the 11th annual celebration of the 2018 female Oscar nominees presented by Women in Film in Beverly Hills, California.Attending the 11th annual celebration of the 2018 female Oscar nominees presented by Women in Film in Beverly Hills, California.Attending the 11th annual celebration of the 2018 female Oscar nominees presented by Women in Film in Beverly Hills, California.Attending the 11th annual celebration of the 2018 female Oscar nominees presented by Women in Film in Beverly Hills, California.Attending the 11th annual celebration of the 2018 female Oscar nominees presented by Women in Film in Beverly Hills, California.Attending the 2018 Film Independent Spirit Awards on March 3, 2018 in Santa Monica, California. Attending the 2018 Film Independent Spirit Awards on March 3, 2018 in Santa Monica, California. Attending the 2018 Film Independent Spirit Awards on March 3, 2018 in Santa Monica, California. Attending the 2018 Film Independent Spirit Awards on March 3, 2018 in Santa Monica, California. Jewelry by Piaget. Attending the 2018 Film Independent Spirit Awards on March 3, 2018 in Santa Monica, California. Attending the 2018 Film Independent Spirit Awards on March 3, 2018 in Santa Monica, California. Attending the 2018 Film Independent Spirit Awards on March 3, 2018 in Santa Monica, California. Jewelry by Piaget. Attending the 2018 Film Independent Spirit Awards on March 3, 2018 in Santa Monica, California. Attending the 2018 Film Independent Spirit Awards on March 3, 2018 in Santa Monica, California. Jewelry by Piaget. Attending the 2018 Film Independent Spirit Awards on March 3, 2018 in Santa Monica, California. Attending the 2018 Film Independent Spirit Awards on March 3, 2018 in Santa Monica, California. Attending the 2018 Film Independent Spirit Awards on March 3, 2018 in Santa Monica, California. Jewelry by Piaget. Attending the 2018 Film Independent Spirit Awards on March 3, 2018 in Santa Monica, California. Attending the 2018 Film Independent Spirit Awards on March 3, 2018 in Santa Monica, California. Attending the 2018 Film Independent Spirit Awards on March 3, 2018 in Santa Monica, California. From: ELLE US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			After months of speculation about where Riccardo Tisci would land after leaving his creative director position at Givenchy, the news is here: Burberry has tapped the designer as its new chief creative officer, reports Business of Fashion."I am honored and delighted to be joining Burberry as its new Chief Creative Officer and reuniting with Marco Gobbetti," said Tisci in a statement obtained by BOF. "I have an enormous respect for Burberry's British heritage and global appeal and I am excited about the potential of this exceptional brand."Added Marco Gobbetti, "I am delighted that Riccardo is joining Burberry as Chief Creative Officer. Riccardo is one of the most talented designers of our time. His designs have an elegance that is contemporary and his skill in blending streetwear with high fashion is highly relevant to today's luxury consumer. Riccardo's creative vision will reinforce the ambitions we have for Burberry and position the brand firmly in luxury."Tisci starts at the historic fashion house March 12, 2018.From: ELLE US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The model and actress debuted a true statement accessory at Paris Fashion Week.In a move so determinedly kooky we're not sure we can handle it, Cara Delevingne combined a divine black Dior suit, with a reptilian-accented ear.Really.While in Paris for the Dior AW18 show, the Valerian actress looked cool in a Christian Dior emblazoned bralette and pants, under a slim suit, topped off with a baker boy hat.But, on closer inspection, the Burberry model accessorized her stellar outfit with some kind of ridged ear prosthetics. That's right, if you look closely at her ear, next to her earrings, there appear to be scales...This doesn't seem to be a casual surprise sartorial choice. According to W, the Mirror Mirror co-writer is currently filming a TV show called Carnival Row, in which she plays a fairy opposite Orlando Bloom. Hence, the fairy ears. Quite fairly, the people of Twitter were confused:Cara Delevigne has a really weird ribbed ear. https://t.co/VFLw6P9KWHFrom: ELLE UK		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			And wear again (sans layers) next season.Although the fashion industry is evolving into more of a see-now-buy-now business, as it is, we're still being shown swimsuits in February and down coats in July. That, combined with a near-universal hatred for winter, means we're itching to wear our warm-weather gear now. Here, seven flexible outfits that work for practically any time of year, and exactly how to make them work season to season. Take one long dress, one pair frayed, cropped jeans, and one pair boots a Dickensian orphan might steal from the vicar's niece. In the cold, you get extra insulation (could even add tights underneath the denim) and visual interest; in April, remove pants (ahhhh) and coat, keep the shoes. Shop similar: Urban Outfitters dress, $40SHOP ITTopshop coat, $170SHOP ITDr. Martens boots, $135SHOP ITPeople might shy away from exposing their knees to the wintry mix, but the miniskirt is highly adaptable as long as you've got quality leg-wear, preferably fleece-lined. For now, warm up this shivery-looking DVF ensemble with the aforementioned stockings, a tissue turtleneck under the shirt, less spindly shoes, and a good, long coat. Shop similar: Zara shirt, $40SHOP ITBan.do skirt, $194SHOP ITTed Baker coat, $575SHOP ITLet's break this Gucci masterpiece down, shall we? Closest to the epidermis, we've got a shirt with a gem-encrusted collar, a stripe-y sweater over that, then a bed jacket. With the cable-knit socks and tall boots, that ought to be enough fabric to get you through the changing of the seasons, when you can remove the knitwear and tag in a pair of mules. Shop similar: Everlane sweater, $38SHOP ITMadewell, $148SHOP ITWe've never met a monochromatic look we didn't like, especially when it's in the pink of un-renovated 1970s bathrooms. Here, Rochas has one of the prettiest old-new outfits a modern girl could wear: a full, pleated skirt, proper-lady blouse, and a double-breasted fur. Nix the coat and socks when temps rise, and maybe mix it up with a slogan T and some sneakers instead. Shop similar: Willow & Clay coat, $109SHOP ITASOS skirt, $45SHOP ITDirect your eyeballs to our friend on the right: Another season-less workhorse, the slip dress can cover all sorts of thermals and ugly long underwear and stand on its own (with a pair of slides) when the world is sunny and welcoming once again. As pictured here, it can even make snow boots look cute.Shop similar: Rag & Bone slip dress, $175SHOP ITMadewell shirt, $20SHOP ITWhile we're on the topic of footwear with traction, another popular, practical styling trick we're seeing is the use of boots as a tights replacement/supplement paired with a dress too short to stand alone in the cold. Ellery's, seen here, are high-shine.  Shop similar:Tom Ford boots, $2,190SHOP ITWe don't have to tell you how to wear a top and jeans, but do keep in mind that layering can go both over and under, socks are the new midi rings, and capes are criminally underrated. Shop similar: J.Crew cape, $430SHOP ITDL 1961 jeans, $89SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			As Fashion Month winds down, Paris celebrates style on the streets.  Photographer, Tyler Joe captures the best moments in Paris this week.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The in-laws attended their first official royal event together this morning. Today we caught a glimpse of Meghan Markle and Kate Middleton side-by-side for the first time since they attended Christmas Day service at Sandringham. What's most apparent, however (aside from how amazing it is to see both royal couples together), is the difference between Middleton and Markle's style. While Markle, 36, opted for a sleeveless satin Jason Wu wrap dress, Middleton, also 36, chose a purple three-quarter sleeve Seraphine maternity dress accompanied by large silver statement earrings. Though both have great taste in accessories, Markle often chooses dainty, gold pieces while Middleton picks timeless statements like a silver watch. (FYI: you can shop Markle's full look here.)Markle clearly takes a much more modern approach to her dressing, while Middleton has chosen more conservative fashion choices as of late. This likely has to do with the fact that Middleton is currently pregnant with her third child and Markle has yet to officially become royalty, but it will be interesting to see whether Markle continues to don her chic style that give us, you know, regular people, inspo for days. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			To close out Milan Fashion Week, Tommy Hilfiger presented a Formula 1-inspired collection at the Milano Congressi.Transforming the space into a full blown racetrack, show goers got the chance to take photos with race cars, piles of tires,  and pose with the Tommy pit crew. And of course, they shopped. This marks Hilfiger’s last See Now, Buy Now collection with Gigi Hadid, and buy they did. Bags, jumpsuits, gloves, and many other items flew off the shelves prior to the show starting.The show itself was a Hadid family affair. Gigi, Bella, and Anwar Hadid all walked along side model friends like Hailey Baldwin and Winnie Harlow. Each wore some sort of Motorsport-ish look—checkerboard print bike shorts, motorcycle pants and jackets, svelte check bodysuits, and skinny jogger pants.Closing the show, Gigi walked the track one last time in a gown with a hodgepodge of flag prints. Bella led the group of models after her sister’s finale walk with Tommy and mouthed “I’m so proud of her” to Joan Smalls. Now that their four part collaboration is over, who will be the next to work with the storied brand? Our guess is another well known model who has an equally robust social following. Her name may rhyme with Schmaia Berber, but don’t quote me on it.From: ELLE US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			In tiaras, of course.Last night, ahead of their prêt-à-porter show today, Dolce & Gabbana presented their “Secrets & Diamonds” show, an eveningwear-only presentation, according to Vogue.The show, modeled by Brits, was a who's who of millennial royals. Here are some of the highlights. Kitty is the 27-year-old niece of the late Princess Diana and she looked just like a modern incarnation of her aunt in the show, complete with a tiara. Kitty is also the star of Dolce & Gabbana's Spring/Summer 2018 ad campaign. In true millennial fashion, Kitty documented the night on Instagram.  Backstage with this beauty @eleonorehabsburg before @dolcegabbana 💎 #DGSecretDiamonds #MFW #DGWomen #DGFamilyA post shared by  Kitty Spencer (@kitty.spencer) on Feb 25, 2018 at 5:02am PSTViolet is the oldest daughter of the Duke and Duchess of Rutland. She and her sisters have been described as the English Kardashians.The second oldest of the three Manners sisters also walked in the show. Alice is a columnist, model, and socialite. And, of course, the youngest Manners sister was also in the show. Eliza is also an aspiring singer. From: ELLE US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Last night, ahead of the brand's ready-to-wear show, Dolce & Gabbana held a presentation titled "Secrets & Diamonds" exclusively featuring their evening-wear offerings. The sparkly, lace, and sheer-paneled gowns were modeled by notable Brits including  Suki Waterhouse's 18-year-old sister Maddi Ladies Violet, Alice, and Eliza Manners , and Lady Kitty Spencer, Princess Diana's niece.Spencer also shared a look at some of the behind-the-scenes prep on Instagram: Last minute prep before the @dolcegabbana #DGSecretDiamonds show 💎 #dgfamily #dgwomen #dgfw18 #mfwA post shared by  Kitty Spencer (@kitty.spencer) on Feb 25, 2018 at 4:46am PSTAnd changed into a second look for the celebration, which featured a Dolce & Gabbana crown:Spencer, along with Maddi Waterhouse, were among the famous models that walked in the evening presentation and then returned today for the Italian house's fall 2018 show.Both women sat front row in—surprise!—Dolce & Gabbana looks, as they watched models including Hailey Baldwin walk the runway.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			No wonder she's wearing shades.Gigi Hadid is not only one of the world's top supermodels, but one of the most creative trendsetters. In other words—she slays. Here, a constantly updated gallery of her latest and greatest looks. The model wore a denim jacket and shiny pants while out in Milan.The model wore a yellow coat and jeans out in New York City.The model wore all white in NYC.The model stepped out in a light blue, see-through corset in NYC.Gigi wore head-to-toe grey in Paris. Gigi let her inner nerd shine through in a Star Wars t-shirt in New York City. When it comes to matching, Gigi does not mess around—even her lips fit with the theme.These boots are made for walking...The supermodel wore pajamas again, which we're all in favor for. (Please let this become a trend, please let this become a trend.) We have yet to find out whether there's a practical element involved here or if Gigi is simply starting a new trend. Either way, she pulls it off. *Looks for more items with buckles*Basically wearing pajamas while out and about in NYC. Pretty in (lots of) pink while strolling in NYC on a boiling-hot summer day. Is it us, or does she look completely unfazed? In a white top and white, detachable pants while out in New York City.In a bright yellow crop top, with a matching yellow sweater tied around her shoulders, matching lace-up pants and nude mules out in New York City.Whether or not she's on the job is unclear (yes, Gigi Hadid always looks that good). Either way, we need this crystal-encrusted gray matching set in our lives, stat.On an *actual* gym run in NYC, Gigi even makes this simple ensemble of a plain black long-sleeve top and drawstring joggers look chic. She threw on a pair of oversized shades and this interesting pair of ankle flatforms to complete the look. For running errands, she wears a ripped RtA T-shirt, sweats, trainers, and a bomber. Out and about in New York, she continues her undercover matching streak with an orange hoodie, nails, and tinted sunglasses. Gucci slides and a weekender complete the look. Returning home after shooting at Milk Studios in New York, she goes for olive Alala sweats, a printed jacket, and a hoodie, Dr. Martens, and lipstick—all in maroon. Gigi wears black pants and an orange Somerset Tigers sweatshirt while out in Manhattan.She pairs plaid Miaouxx pants with a leather moto jacket, sheer shirt, and flat boots.Gigi wears a stylish, off-the-shoulder grey dress and thigh-high boots while out with Zayn Malik in Paris.Gigi is looking every bit the modern-day Penny Lane in Paris with this denim-on-denim ensemble of light wash cutoff ankle jeans and distressed oversized jacket, paired with a nude cropped turtleneck and booties to match. On the first day of Paris Fashion Week, Gigi and Zayn launched the spring collection of Tommy x Gigi in coordinating Hilfiger gear. She styled hers with midnight blue leather pants and black moto boots.Gigi stepped out in Milan wearing Quay sunglasses, a camouflage coat, ivory turtleneck sweater, army green jogger pants, and nude booties. At a Tommy x Gigi event in Milan, the model went full-on glam rock with a head-to-toe metallic blue leather look and bold new bangs. Gigi struts down the sidewalks of Milan during Fashion Week wearing a cherry red suit with an off-white turtleneck and beige ankle boots. Plus seriously cool sunnies, of course. Ahead of her LFW duties, Gigi made an appearance at a Tommy Hilfiger store in London to promote the latest season of her collab with the designer. She showed up in her best sporty-chic wares, including an oversized Tommy sweatshirt, silver metallic puffer coat, black leather pants and white Dr. Martens boots. Gigi jetted off to Amsterdam for a day following New York Fashion Week to promote her new Tommy x Gigi Spring 2017 collection. While out in NYC, the model wore Quay Australia sunglasses, a cropped Topshop turtleneck, off-white bomber, and sweat pants, plus white Dr. Martens combat boots. From: ELLE US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The mustard two-piece is flawless.Emily Ratajkowski's surprise announcement, that she'd just gotten married to her boyfriend of a few weeks, Sebastian Bear-McClard, was met with excitement from her fans. To break the news, Ratajkowski shared some sweet wedding snaps on Instagram, which revealed that she'd worn the cutest mustard pantsuit at her wedding. But the best news of all is that her suit is from Zara, and the two-piece retails for around $200. 💍ny💍A post shared by  Emily Ratajkowski (@emrata) on Feb 23, 2018 at 1:32pm PSTAs the model and actress chose the striking suit for her nuptials, it's highly likely that the items will sell out quickly. But for now, at least, both the vintage-inspired flared pants, and the long belted jacket, are available on Zara's website. While the pants retail for $69.90, the jacket is listed for just $129. Ratajkowski's choice of wedding outfit might have bucked tradition but, as usual, the model looked completely flawless. She accessorized the eye-catching suit with a black  wide-brimmed hat, with a small veil attached, which will be total inspiration to anyone currently planning their own nuptials.Zara Flared Pants, $69.90 buy now Zara Long Belted Jacket, $129 buy nowThe Gone Girl star announced her wedding in her Instagram story yesterday with the caption, "Soooo I have a surprise. I got married today." According to reports, Ratajkowski quietly split with her longterm boyfriend Jeff Magid, and started seeing Bear-McClard sometime in 2018. They were spotted together for the first time in February following a dinner date in California.Her husband Bear-McClard is a movie producer who recently worked on Robert Pattinson's Good Time. Next, he'll produce Jonah Hill's Uncut Gems.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The #GucciChallenge is here!When Gucci debuted its Fall 2018 collection, the world was surprised to see models carrying dragons and replicas of their own heads down the runway. Gucci's Milan show was curiously dubbed the "Cyborg Manifesto" and was set in an extremely clinical, turquoise operating room. As Gucci's Twitter account explained, "The concept of the operating room reflects the work of a designer—the act of cutting, splicing, and reconstructing materials and fabrics to create a new personality and identity with them."Needless to say, the surprising concept had a major impact on the show's audience, and people all over the world. Gucci's influence is no more evident than on social media, whereby people have started recreating the severed head looks along with the hashtag #GucciChallenge. Started by Instagram's director of fashion partnerships, Eva Chen, the craze soon took off.Here are some the best reactions so far to Gucci's unforgettable Milan runway: #GucciChallenge  new Clutch❤️ @gucci  @mafarnsimon 我哋先係fashion monster呀😆 #gucci應該搵我哋行騷 #fashion嘅嘢你識條鐵咩  #gucci #fashion #fashionmonster #style #clutch #clutchbag #fashionist #fashionable #fashionista #fashionicon #stylefashion #stylediary #styleblogger #yufiyip #styleguide #goodvibes #friends #chok #時尚穿搭 #時尚造型 #時裝怪獸A post shared by  YUFI (@yufiyip) on Feb 24, 2018 at 3:03am PST @Barbie nailed it ✨#guccichallengeA post shared by  Robert Best (@robhbest) on Feb 23, 2018 at 4:25pm PST Entendedores entenderão.  #guccichallengeA post shared by  Alô? Vanessa Israel não está. (@vanessanaoesta) on Feb 23, 2018 at 6:20pm PST 聽說現在 #guccichallenge 正夯 #gucci #高梧集 @officedandy #workatGQ #suitwalk2018 #allyouneedisSuitA post shared by  Rez Lin (@rezlin) on Feb 24, 2018 at 7:40am PST Já tenho minha cabeça-acessório #guccichallenge #gucciA post shared by  Jorge Wakabara (@wakabara) on Feb 23, 2018 at 12:23pm PST #guccichallengeA post shared by  Chris Benz (@cmbenz) on Feb 23, 2018 at 10:26am PST Não poderia deixar passar #guccichallenge @atsandrobarros 📷 @peucamposA post shared by  Sandro Barros (@sandro_barros) on Feb 24, 2018 at 7:07am PST #GucciChallenge 🐉A post shared by  Tuyra Rosa (@tuyrarosa) on Feb 23, 2018 at 6:48pm PST Barbie is up for a #guccichallenge #wearingyourheadonyoursleeve #adolladay #lovedtheguccishow 54/365 #dolls #dollphotogallery #barbiestyleA post shared by  swirlgirl2008 (@swirlgirl2008) on Feb 23, 2018 at 5:40pm PST quando vocês tiverem uma chefe dessa a gente conversa! 😂😂😂 #guccichallengeA post shared by  LUANDA VIEIRA (@luandavieira) on Feb 23, 2018 at 2:57pm PST		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Prepare to cancel every single plan you have this weekend. Around twice per year, Ban.do has its annual warehouse sale marking down 12,000 items at 75 percent off (yes, 12,000 items), and this year the magic happens on February 24 and 25. Consider this your exclusive pre-sale shopping guide with our top picks guaranteed to be discounted starting on Saturday. And yes, the prices are that good. Ban.do, $72 | Sale price: $43SHOP ITLevi's, $77 | Sale price: $20SHOP ITBan.do, $30 | Sale price: $8SHOP ITLevi's, $76 | Sale price: $19SHOP ITBan.do x Stickybaby, $100 | Sale price: $34SHOP ITBan.do, $15 | Sale price: $5SHOP ITLevi's, $128 | Sale price: $32SHOP ITBan.do, $32 | Sale price: $13SHOP ITBan.do, $110 | Sale price: $66SHOP ITBan.do, $15 | Sale price: $7SHOP ITBan.do, $22 | Sale price: $12SHOP ITBan.do, $22 | Sale price: $6SHOP ITBan.do, $14 | Sale price: $22SHOP ITBan.do, $12 | Sale price: $5SHOP ITBan.do, $35 | Sale price: $14SHOP ITBan.do, $24 | Sale price: $15SHOP ITBan.do, $11 | Sale price: $5SHOP ITBan.do, $18 | Sale price: $6SHOP ITBan.do, $11 | Sale price: $6SHOP ITBan.do, $15 | Sale price: $13SHOP ITBan.do, $58 | Sale price: $32SHOP ITBan.do, $21 | Sale price: $11SHOP ITBan.do, $24 | Sale price: $6SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			In the past few years, many fashion houses have started switching from showing the traditional ready-to-wear seasons at fashion week to a "see now, buy now" model, where items are available straight off the runway instead of waiting a few months to hit stores. This idea makes sense to me, but I've never had a particular feeling about it, until today, when Tod's showed its fall 2018 show in Milan, because models carried puppies down the runway and I SEE NOW, WANT TO BUY RIGHT VERY NOW!Not every model was blessed with a dog—Gigi's sister, Bella, walked the show sans puppy:Which...literally how could you walk an entire runway knowing your sister was getting to do it with THIS GUY:Gigi has particular experience carrying French Bulldogs places: Her boyfriend, Zayn Malik has a Frenchie. Anyway, I have never wanted something to be off a runway and in my hands more than the guy Gigi is holding—mostly because I have a long, semi-pathetic history of desperately wanting a French Bulldog, or, as I like to call them, Potatoes™, but again, because HOW CAN YOU RESIST THIS:While we're at it, I'd also take that jacket, gorgeous bag, and cozy zip-up Gigi's wearing, but, you know.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Fashion Week has kicked off in Milan! With all the puppies, extra heads, and, of course,  fashions,  coming down the runways, it's hard to keep up: Here, our editors on the ground share their takeaways from each day, so you don't have to.Marni may just have won Milan. The Italian brand explored the balance between polished and raw, future and past. Quilts, blankets and duvets found their way on to Milanese runways yesterday. Jil SanderJil SanderJil SanderJil SanderJil SanderJil SanderThe Versace show started with a remix of punk-tartans and school girl looks with hints of Buffalo styling, followed by a riff on '80s glam power looks ending in a colorful blast of scarf print. A solid show to follow last season’s iconic Tribute collection. VersaceVersaceVersaceThe second day at MFW was all about brands going back to their roots.PradaPradaPradaPradaCasadei Fausto Puglisi Fausto Puglisi Fausto Puglisi Fratelli Rossetti From sci-fi cyborgs to sparkly spacesuits, Milan fashion week kicked off with looks that were out of this world.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Photographer Tyler Joe captures the best looks on the streets of Italy's fashion capital.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			That iconic bob.We can usually expect bombshell beauty looks from Milan Fashion Week, and while Gucci bucked the trend (with models carrying replicas of their own heads and wearing faux horns), Moschino delivered with a catwalk full of Jackie Kennedy lookalikes.At the autumn/winter 2018 show, bouffant bobs with flicked ends and '60s sex kitten liner transformed models Kaia Gerber and the Hadid sisters. OPENING MOSCHINO! such a fun show @itsjeremyscott @moschino THANK YOU!A post shared by  Kaia (@kaiagerber) on Feb 21, 2018 at 3:35pm PSTHair stylist Paul Hanlon and his team were behind the retro wigs which they made in various colors—Gerber’s enabling her to channel Kennedy's iconic look, while Gigi Hadid’s blonde version lent her a Marilyn Monroe vibe.Makeup-wise, arched brows, feline flicks, and the perfect soft pink lip—courtesy of MAC Cosmetics—reminded us of the timeless appeal of '60s beauty.  Moschino Milano #moschino @itsjeremyscott @hannah_motler #moschinoeyes @carlynecerfdedudzeele @pg_dmcasting @samuel_ellis @arthurmejean @paulhanlonhair @kabukinyc @maccosmetics @michelgaubert #mfw #cerfstyleA post shared by  Moschino (@moschino) on Feb 21, 2018 at 8:41pm PSTMoschino designer, Jeremy Scott was inspired by conspiracy theories, which was made apparent throughout the show. Think: The theory in which John F. Kennedy told Marilyn Monroe that aliens existed and they both had to be assassinated by the government so the secret didn't get out. We see what you were doing there, Jeremy.See the full-length looks below:From: Harper's BAZAAR UK		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The off-the-runway looks.London Fashion Week kicked off February 16, and we've since seen tons of incredible looks—both on and off the runway. Click through to see our favorite street style fashion, shot by photographer Tyler Joe. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's their "Cyborg Manifesto."If you, like me, have been marathoning Marvel movies in anticipation of the release of Black Panther, it seems like we're not alone: Gucci is all up in the "enhanced humans" space too. Today, the fashion house presented its fall 2018 show which was titled "Cyborg Manifesto" and set in a stark, turquoise operating room with chairs for an audience."The concept of the operating room reflects the work of a designer—the act of cutting, splicing, and reconstructing materials and fabrics to create a new personality and identity with them," according to Gucci's Twitter.But instead of sporting some new jacked physique or weaponized appendages like Captain America or Iron Man, Gucci's models carried accessories like their own heads:“The hybrid is metaphorically praised as a figure that can overcome the dualism and dichotomy of identity,” the #CyborgManifesto by D.J.Haraway inspires #GucciFW18. #mfw pic.twitter.com/5NzvxrT8GTCarry your extra head in your hand @gucci #MFW pic.twitter.com/qmse7IpTcZ"Dragon puppies":This is a "dragon puppy" I guess @gucci #MFW pic.twitter.com/0sghk9cTBQRich embroideries and strange creatures. #GucciSS18 #mfw pic.twitter.com/dHLfYvDhLAAnd this:Kabuki knit @gucci #MFW pic.twitter.com/cFWY9YXwcmCyborg, but make it fashion!		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			How simple words on a garment can help bring about social and cultural change.When Maria Grazia Chiuri sent her "We should all be feminists" T-shirt down the Dior catwalk in her very first collection for the French fashion house in October 2016, she reignited the flame for bringing politics into our everyday wear. Since then, we have seen an entire feminist T-shirt movement, Trump-influenced memorabilia en masse, a pro-EU hoodie from Vetements and many, many more examples of politically motivated fashion, more often than not, in the form of the slogan T-shirt.Of course, Chiuri did not invent the slogan tee and this is not simply another Nineties throwback—these are pieces of clothing that have been allowing us to subtly send messages since as far back as the 1960s. This is the focus of The Fashion & Textile Museum's latest exhibition. "T-Shirt: Cult | Culture | Subversion"—which opened on 9 February—charts the T-shirt's revolution via 200 archival pieces, hoping to prove how simple words on a garment can help bring about social and cultural change.It all began in the 1960s when a shop called Mr Freedom on the King's Road in Chelsea sold Disney-inspired slogan tees. Vivienne Westwood took the trend a step further the next decade with politically motivated T-shirts, but it was in the 1980s that the slogan tee really came into its own with Katharine Hamnett's infamous designs."That T-shirt gave me a voice," Hamnett said of the moment she shook hands with then Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher while wearing a T-shirt that read, "58% don't want Pershing," an anti-nuclear statement. That stunt made Hamnett's T-shirts must-haves and the idea was copied everywhere, think "Frankie says relax" and "Choose life.""I wanted to put a really large message on T-shirts that could be read from 20 or 30ft away," Hamnett told The Guardian. "Slogans work on so many different levels; they're almost subliminal. They're also a way of people aligning themselves to a cause. They're tribal. Wearing one is like branding yourself."This idea of wearing a political message on your clothing certainly hasn't gone away–remember when the Fawcett Committee teamed up with Whistles for the "This is what a feminist looks like" campaign or the MP Caroline Lucas' "No more Page Three" House of Commons protest? But, it's not all been about politics. In 2006, Henry Holland injected some fun into the idea with his irreverent slogan tees."Cause me pain Hedi Slimane" and "Do me daily Christopher Bailey" were just two of Holland's iconic slogans which have become synonymous with the designer, so much so that just a few seasons ago—for his 10th anniversary—models came down the catwalk in "Let's breed Bella Hadid," "Give us a toss Karlie Kloss" and "I'm yours for a tenner Kendall Jenner.""Hamnett's T-shirts were very much about an ethical message or a political message," Holland said in 2006. "Mine are much more a bit of fun, a bit tongue-in-cheek and a way for the fashion industry to laugh at itself."And Holland was not the only designer to revisit the idea. Chiuri showed her first collection for Dior in October 2016 with the "We should all be feminists" white tee outshining even the most beautiful of the tulle gowns. Vetements, DKNY, and Alexander Wang have also been on the slogan-T-shirt bandwagon for the last few seasons.From: Harper's BAZAAR UK		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Oooooh.Angelina Jolie was honored at the 2018 American Society of Cinematographers last night in Los Angeles. And to pick up her award, she wore the most gorgeous Elie Saab Couture gown, which looked completely regal. The shimmering, textured gown, featured layers of tulle, and looked like it was dripping in gold feathers. And at one point, Jolie held out the skirt to show just how majestic her gown was:And from the back, it literally looks like Angelina Jolie has wings:Jolie was being honored with the Board of Governors Award at the event, for raising awareness of crucial social issues by making her recent movie, First They Killed My Father. The movie is based on a memoir of the same name, and Jolie co-wrote the script with its author.Loung Ung's book details her life under the Khmer Rouge in Cambodia, from when she was just seven years old and trained to be a child soldier. The movie was shot entirely in Cambodia and featured an all-Cambodian cast.Jolie has a close connection to Cambodia; she fell in love with the country while filming Tomb Raider in 2000, according to People, and she subsequently returned to adopt her son Maddox in 2002.Before the release of First They Killed My Father, Jolie revealed at a press conference (via People): From: ELLE US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Most people opted to wear black in support of Time's Up.On Sunday, Kate Middleton and Prince William attended the BAFTAs in London. While most women wore black dresses on the red carpet, in support of the Time's Up movement—much like at the Golden Globes—the Duchess of Cambridge opted for a dark green gown with a thin black sash around her waist. The Duchess wore a Jenny Packham gown, and carried a Mascaro clutch.Middleton's black sash is likely a nod to the Time's Up moment, which seeks to end sexual harassment in the workplace, across every industry worldwide. However, as a member of the royal family, Middleton isn't allowed to show any political affiliation or bias, so wearing all-black might have been considered a breach of protocol.Prior to the BAFTAs, Daily Mirror correspondent Victoria Murphy noted that Middleton would likely choose a dress "that is black with some coloured/metallic detail." However, the Duchess of Cambridge opted to wear a dark hue of green, with black detailing. This is probably her compromise, on a night that saw almost everyone don black outfits.For comparison, last year, the Duchess wore a black gown, with floral detailing:Over 200 members of the film industry signed an open letter, published on Sunday before the BAFTAs, to launch a UK initiative inspired by Time's Up. Emma Watson donated $1.4 million to the new legal fund that, like its US counterpart, aims to support people affected by sexual harassment.To further support the launch of the Justice and Equality Fund, women wore black on the BAFTAs red carpet, and several actresses were accompanied by activists. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Yes, that is a real sentence that we just said.Oh, fashion week—how you delight us and confuse us. And today, you’ve given us both of those feels, because in a unique display of individuality, designer KAIMIN sent its models down the runway wearing giant mohawks and, even more surprisingly, merkins (i.e. vagina wigs).A merkin is essentially a triangle of fake hair that sticks over your pubic bone, almost like strapless underwear. And the models at KAIMIN’s New York Fashion Week display wore them in every realistic color and design, some with red stripes down the center, while others had a gray-ish mohawk strip. So, you know, classic pubic hair.   The theme of the show was apparently diversity and tolerance, and, in a press release, KAIMIN allegedly stated that the “acceptance of individuality is the human vagina,” thus the very public display of merkins in all their hairy glory.  And, hey, we’re all about body hair empowerment, and if it takes a fashion show to change the public discourse, we’ll take it. Because you and your vagina are unique little flowers, and you can do whatever the hell you want with them, including wearing a merkin in lieu of pants.   		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"Our woman is full of subtle tension." Maybe this is crazy love, the love of two madmen." That quote, which Yves Saint Laurent cofounder Pierre Bergé wrote to the eponymous designer, was printed on a card placed on every seat at Saint Laurent’s summer 2018 show. It might have been easy to miss in the shadow of the Eiffel Tower (which loomed over the runway at the Fontaine du Trocadéro) but for its resonance. Bergé had died earlier in the month, and one couldn’t help feeling as though designer Anthony Vaccarello’s collection (his third since taking the helm as creative director in 2016) paid tribute to the original duo’s legacy. As Paris’ famed landmark began its hourly twinkle, models emerged through a smoke-machine fog. The show’s first half focused on casual-yet-sexy looks—silky blouses, louche jackets, slim suiting—but the drama arrived in act two: eveningwear. Bubble-skirted minidresses (a classic couture shape that Vaccarello modernized with leg-framing cutouts at the hem) textured with sequins, tulle, and feathers made their way down the catwalk. Kaia Gerber, in her Paris Fashion Week debut, rocked one in black. "Creating a dream, an attraction, a strong vision, something that gives a unique feeling to what you buy, is more important than ever.""You need more than just 'clothes,'" says the designer, who updated house signatures like ostrich feathers and wide lapels in unexpected ways (plumes enveloped knee-high boots, while jacket collars were spangled). “Today, you can buy clothes everywhere, anytime. Everything is just a click away.”Seeking a fresh start (and, no doubt, a departure from the grungy, L.A.-music-scene vibe of his predecessor, Hedi Slimane), the 37-year-old Brussels native—who launched a namesake label in 2009 and spent a year as creative director of Versus Versace before taking the reins at Saint Laurent—controversially wiped the label’s Instagram account clean when he arrived. “Creating a dream, an attraction, a strong vision, something that gives a unique feeling to what you buy, is more important than ever,” he says. His way of doing it? Edgy campaign videos (featuring free-spirited road trips, dance-filled nights, and same-sex romances, and starring new muses like Charlotte Gainsbourg and Travis Scott), provocative art collaborations, and nocturnal runway presentations—a reminder that Saint Laurent is synonymous with that perennially sought-after Parisian je ne sais quoi. “Our woman is full of a subtle tension,” says Vaccarello. “She is a dark angel with a sensual allure, draped in black-sequined dresses that shine like asphalt after the rain.” We’re in crazy love.Want more Marie Claire? Get Instant Access!		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Rosa Heyman knows how to dress for the day ahead—here's how to steal her look.Dressing for spring in the northeast requires being ready for all sorts of wackiness, weather-wise, while staying true to your own personal style. Rosa Heyman, the editor in charge of Marie Claire's social media and video strategy, knows what she likes and how to honor her personal vibe. "I tend to wear feminine pieces and give them a bold or edgy touch," she says. "I wear a lot of black, grey, white, camel, and then red for accent. I love animal skins (not real!) and classic patterns like stripes and polka dots."Most mornings, Rosa reaches for a slip dress. "Slip dresses are comfortable and also incredibly sexy. I love wearing a statement jewel tone, like sapphire—it stands out in a meeting and then transitions to drinks with friends after work." A cardigan keeps her cozy despite blasting A.C., and flat sandals look understatedly cool.SOREL sandals, $80, sorel.com; Aqua Cardigan (similar), $99, bloomingdales.com; Cami NYC Slip Dress, $264, bloomingdales.comAnd while she doesn't have it all figured out yet, she knows what she's drawn to. "My 'signature style' is a work in progress—I’m embracing the sophisticated while trying to remain playful; retiring some of the more youthful cuts while still dabbling in trends," she continues."The thing I love about these SOREL shoes is that they're versatile, which is key for going from the office to running around town. The color palette is neutral and they're super comfortable. But most of all? I loved the treads on the soles. When you live in NYC, you do a lot of walking—so you need shoes that you can literally pound the pavement in. They make me feel really secure, but in, you know, a chic way."If big meetings are on the docket, Heyman swaps the cardigan for a more structured, borrowed-from-the-boys blazer and a bit of height. "I try to dress up a bit more for the office since I’m on the younger side and I want to present a bit older and sophisticated."SOREL wedges, $150, sorel.com; Mango Blazer, $119, mango.com; Janessa Leoné bag, $248, janessaleone.com; Vita Fede Bracelet, $295, vitafede.com; Quay Australia sunglasses, $60, quayaustralia.comAfter work, Heyman again swaps her topper ("I use outerwear and accessories to change up my style—so I always have coats and sunglasses and purses on hand," she says) for a sultry trench, and dials up the glam with her jewelry. And with the right accessories, those daytime wedges become totally evening-appropriate."What a blazer does during business hours, a duster does for cocktails with my friends," she raves. "Basically, I go for ensembles that can be deconstructed and then reconstructed depending on the situation."SOREL wedges, $150, sorel.com; Finders Chances Coat, $195, bloomingdales.com; Lana Jewelry Y-Lariat, $900, lanajewelry.com; Vita Fede Ring, $285, vitafede.comDying to replicate Heyman's vibes? Click below for her favorite shoes. Happy shopping!Styling by Brandy Joy Smith; hair by Jacob Rozenberg; makeup by Mark Edio		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Who went where? It's that time of the year again—when celebrities and influencers venture to the city to see some the newest ensembles created by our favorite designers. Yes, New York Fashion Week is upon us, and luckily for you, we've been keeping a close eye on all the celebrities who have made appearances at shows. Click through to see who's attended what.At the Zimmermann showAt the Zimmermann showAt the Ralph Lauren showAt the Ralph Lauren showAt the Dennis Basso Fall/Winter 2018 showAt the Oscar De La Renta showAt the Phillip Lim showAt the Zadig & Voltaire showAt the Zadig & Voltaire showAt the Alice + Olivia showAt the Calvin Klein Collection showAt the Calvin Klein Collection showAt the Calvin Klein Collection showAt the Calvin Klein Collection showAt the Calvin Klein Collection showAt the Michael Kors Collection Fall 2018 showAt the Michael Kors Collection Fall 2018 showAt the Coach showAt the Christian Siriano showAt the Christian Siriano showAt the Christian Siriano showAt the Christian Siriano showAt the Christian Siriano showAt the Christian Siriano showAt the Christian Siriano showAt the Alexander Wang showAt the Alexander Wang showAt the Jason Wu showAt the Jason Wu showAt the Jason Wu show		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Honestly, it sounds kinda awful.Being royal does not come without rules—which makes sense, considering they’re being scrutinized by the entire world. Among those rules are the obvious (bowing and curtsying is a requirement, two heirs aren't allowed to travel together, you can't turn your back on the Queen), and the not-so obvious (garlic isn’t allowed in the palace, the Queen uses her purse to send secret signals, and royal chins must be parallel to the ground).But new light has been shed on requirements and restrictions, as apparently all royal women in the family are required to wear tights during public occasions—and, apparently, Kate Middleton’s go-to tights are the John Lewis 7 Denier Barely There Tights for the low, low price of $7.50, according to The Sun.Said royal expert Victoria Arbiter in an interview with Insider, “You never see a royal without their nude stockings. I would say that's really the only hard, steadfast rule in terms of what the Queen requires.” Other than, you know, a complete dismissal of garlic, of course.  Although nobody has officially confirmed that Kate’s tights are, in fact, the same non-slip John Lewis tights, The Sun did find a close-up shot of the Duchess’ stockinged feet, which feature the same clear grips as seen on John Lewis tights. Grade-A sleuthing, huh?    So if you want to feel 1-percent like a royal, feel free to purchase these tights and wear them to every single public outing with your gal pals. How…fun.   		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Now this is an unlikely pairing...Philipp Plein's show at New York Fashion Week was nothing short of legendary. Not only did Plein have Irina Shayk walking the runway for him, but he also transformed Brooklyn Navy Yard into a site right out of Roswell.To start with, Shayk was beamed onto the runway from a spaceship:A spaceship which everyone danced under after the show:But perhaps the best detail of all was when Shayk walked the runway hand in hand with a robot. And this wasn't just any robot. Looking like a Transformers cast member, the Plein-branded robot towered above Shayk, but somehow managed to gracefully take the runway. With a dusting of fake snow on the ground, the entire show was completely filmic. Of his extravagant shows, Plein told the BBC, "A fashion show is a bit like a happy funeral. You work so hard for months on putting a show together, and then the moment you reveal the collection to the public, you've buried it, because then you have to start working on a new one." But Plein's latest, UFO-inspired show, will be hard to forget.One of Plein's previous shows was a major focal point back in September 2017, when model and singer Teyana Taylor stormed the runway. Taylor, who is probably best known for featuring in Kanye West's "Fade" music video, performed the most incredible dance routine on Plein's runway, while Future performed live.Still, Plein's latest innovation, of including robots in his fashion shows, is likely to get the world even more excited about what the coveted designer will dare to create next.From: Harper's BAZAAR US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Four words: Patent. Leather. Shearling. Boots.When Stylebop—the luxury fashion retailer carrying any and every designer—has an additional 20 percent off their final markdown pieces from February 9 to 15, you definitely don't let it pass you by. Aside from the savings, you can feel good about not procrastinating on next year's wardrobe haul (a concept, we know). Peruse our favorite pieces ahead, and consider this a gift from you to you because you deserve it *all.*Karl Lagerfeld, $69SHOP ITMake Karl your new weekend uniform. *Note that for this piece and beyond, you'll receive an additional 2o percent off the price reflected above. Talk about magic. Puma, $77SHOP ITSuede kicks to remind you that a life without Yeezy's belongs to Puma.Missoni, $610SHOP ITGrandpa has never looked better. Diane von Furstenberg, $159SHOP ITThis colorblack saddle belongs in your closet with the price to prove it. Kenzo, $194SHOP ITDreaming of this skirt (and our ankles).Fendi, $700SHOP ITIs that...a sock? No, just the coolest pair of kicks booties you've ever seen. Rag & Bone, $319SHOP ITWhen tracksuit meets jumpsuit (equipped with a hood and all!). Current/Elliot, $149SHOP ITThe alternative to your white button-down you've retired until spring. Agnona, $657SHOP ITFor the Upper East Side mother in you. 60. Percent. Off. Sonia Rykiel, $404SHOP ITA cardigan made of wool, cotton, *and* cashmere? This is what dreams are made of. Theory, $225SHOP ITA velvet blouse you won't be able to stop stroking (in a non-weird way). Rick Owens, $686SHOP ITIt's not going to keep you warm, but it is going to earn its place in the front of your closet for years to come. Rag & Bone, $252SHOP ITHello, summer? We'd like our raffia wedges back. Rejina Pyo, $202SHOP ITAn office staple over 50 percent off. ✔️Alexander McQueen, $1,134SHOP ITMcQueen has outdone himself with this swoon-worthy leather box bag. Public School, $180SHOP ITHoodies, but make it fashion. Aurélie Bidermann, $252SHOP ITConsider us cuffed. Marni, $449SHOP ITWhat's more extra than patent leather knee-high boots? Patent leather shearling knee-high boots. All the more worth the purchase.Public School, $198SHOP ITHere's a rule of thumb: never pass up the denim number. Frame Denim, $159SHOP ITPoint proven, these denim flares do the trick for every season. Plus, they're velvet and you know what that means. 💯Rosetta Getty, $395SHOP ITOrange is the new black, as they say. Anya Hindmarch, $212SHOP ITA sleek reminder that we're *always* watching. Rosetta Getty, $285SHOP ITA boxy gingham staple ideal for beachside getaways. Haider Ackermann, $236SHOP ITMules done right. Versace, $195SHOP ITWear it loud and proud. 💪💪💪Hugo, $59SHOP ITEnter the white button-down you will now be able to sport in just a few short weeks. Marc Jacobs, $240SHOP ITBut a reminder you do still have a few weeks left. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"Nancy Pelosi is Wonder Woman." Yesterday, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi delivered a marathon speech on the House floor that lasted more than eight hours—and people can't get over the fact that she did it while wearing four-inch heels. MUST WATCH LIVE: Nancy Pelosi has been speaking in the House for the last 5 hours, telling story after story of Dreamers and their experiences. She is 77, has only had water, is wearing 4 inch heels and is a TOTAL BOSS. #DACA https://t.co/WpfVWZvwBKAs @NancyPelosi enters HOUR 9 of her filibuster, here’s a live shot of those much talked about heels: pic.twitter.com/5uOcuB3ybhThe thing about high heels is they actually hurt more when you're standing still than when you're walking. What I'm saying is that Nancy Pelosi is Wonder Woman.It was moving to see @NancyPelosi during her 8 hour filibuster on the House floor in high heels, with a few sips of water, and a pile of used tissues. Sitting behind her, I was reminded of the Stackhouse filibuster on #WestWing. I have never been more proud of her as our leader.Among favorite lines of @NancyPelosi today: “I have no intention of yielding.” Back in TX, “I will not yield” became a rally cry in 2013. Difference is, sneakers while she was in her characteristic 4” high heels. To that, I would definitely yield. You are a goddess Madame Leader.There is no such thing as a filibuster in the House of Representatives. But there is a “magic minute." This special privilege to speak more than 60 seconds is afforded to House Speaker Paul Ryan, and other top leaders to speak on the floor for as long as they wish—including Pelosi. Pelosi took her time to defend DACA and the DREAMers, as the budget plan being addressed does not include immigration issues. After speaking on the floor for a record-breaking amount of time, Nancy took to Twitter to thank everyone for their support, and urged them not to lose focus on what she's working towards.Just seeing all of these #GoNancyGo messages. Truly very moving. But let's not lose focus of who really matters here. Thank you to our #Dreamers. And thank you to your parents for allowing us all the pleasure of having you be a part of our American family every day. #DREAMActNow		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Two decades since the show's debut, her character continues to inspire.Twenty years since it first appeared on TV, Sex and the City (and Carrie Bradshaw in particular) is still influencing us (whether you're for or against it). To so many women, Sex and the City mattered—and still does—for so many reasons. It celebrated the girlfriends we turn into sisters, it portrayed women speaking unabashedly about their exploits, and yes, there was the fashion. For 10 years, Carrie and her clan pushed the envelope fashion-wise, pairing pieces we never expected, introducing us  to oversized flower corsages and a shoe designer called Manolo Blahnik. It made costume designer Patricia Field a household name. It also stood the test of time. Two decades later, we're still looking to the show's heroine for fashun inspo.Carrie was infamously searching for a "pair of $300 shoes to go with her $5 dress" when this look first appeared on air.A sundress and shiny accessories look just as unexpectedly cool today.Topshop, $45SHOP IT Topshop, $50SHOP ITMarc Jacobs, $425SHOP ITCarrie was a layering queen (not to mention, a master at accessorizing), especially with floaty, bohemian tops. Make this boho work now by wearing a floaty white dress over jeans. Extra points if you opt for a silk scarf tied bandana style around your head.Merlette, $320SHOP ITMango, $70SHOP ITRag & Bone, $210SHOP ITNordstrom, $35SHOP ITFor one of Carrie's first dates with Alexander Petrovsky, she headed for a walk in Central Park—in heels and a velvet coat of course.A velvet robe dress feels as sumptuous as a coat, but this topper's a twofer: Wear it open over a blouse and skirt or, when you prefer a dress, closed! #multitaskerDvF, $97SHOP ITMango, $60SHOP ITTibi, $595SHOP ITStuart Weitzman, $565SHOP ITOne of Carrie's most memorable pieces was her fur (likely vintage) coat. Whether thrown over last night's party look or over a dress for a baseball game, it never let her down.Opt for a faux option and bright accessories for an up-to-date take on fur.Vince, $2,450SHOP ITMango, $8SHOP ITMan Repeller, $138SHOP ITCarrie played with proportion to create this approachable look. A slouchy sweater + mini skirt + booties = sexy but not too exposed.Channel your inner prep with a plaid skirt, soft sweater, and grey booties.Mango, $25SHOP ITKate Spade, $330SHOP ITMoon River, $70SHOP ITKendall + Kylie, $136SHOP ITWhat else would you wear to run around Paris? In SATC's infamous final episode, Carrie paired a princess-worthy tulle skirt with a sparkling blazer. Magnifique!Embrace the glam, whatever city you're in, with a bejeweled blazer and faux fur stole.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Think: Crazy colors and bedazzled bodices.If you're planning to tune into the Winter Olympics this year, be sure watch for some of the highly anticipated fashion moments (i.e. opening ceremony performances, the entrance of each country, and figuring skating routines). To celebrate the opening day in PyeongChang, South Korea, we've rounded up some of the most outrageously fun and unique ensembles worn since the first games in 1928. Click through to see them all.Sonja Henie decked out in fur at the first Winter Olympics in Chamonix, France.A Russian Troika-inspired performance on ice in these bouncy dresses at the Winter Olympics in St. Moritz.Jeanette Altwegg won a gold medal in the women's figure skating competition after performing her skating routine in a metallic dress at the Winter Olympics at Oslo.Jayne Torvill and Christopher Dean wore matching ombré purple outfits while competing in the ice dancing competition in Sarajevo, Yugoslavia. Figure skater Katarina Witt performed in a bright red, flamenco-like costume at the Winter Olympics in Calgary, Canada.USA's Brian Boitano posed in an American windbreaker after winning a gold medal in men's singles figure skating in Canada.Natalya Bestemianova and Adrei Boukin performed their ice dance routine in gold costumes at the Winter Olympics in Calgary. USA's Kristi Yamaguchi wore a Wonder Woman-like ensemble during the Winter Olympics in Albertville, France.French figure skater Surya Bonaly performed her routine in a beautifully beaded red and black costume.French freestyle skier Edgar Grospiron showed off his "eye ski pants" on the slopes of the 1992 Winter Olympic games.Canadian skater Kurt Browning performed in a pair of yellow and red ombré pants at the 1992 Winter Olympics.A dancer in a Joker costume during the opening ceremonies for the XVII Olympic Winter Games in Lillehammer, Norway. Jayne Torvill and Christopher Dean dance in Rapunzel-like purple attire at the end of the games at Lillehammer.  Iktor Petrenko skated in a sparkly rainbow top at the 1994 Winter Olympics.Japanese performers wore green headdresses during the opening ceremony of the 1998 Winter Olympics in Nagano, Japan.Gwendal Peizerat and Marina Anissina wore electric gold costumes to take home a gold medal at the Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City.A group of young children sing at the Opening Ceremony of the Salt Lake City Winter Olympics, decked out in white fur coats.A dance performed by a man decked out in a native American headdress during the Opening Ceremony of the 2002 Salt Lake City Winter Olympic Games. A woman wears a large skirt as performers appear from underneath it during the opening ceremonies in Torino, Italy in 2006.A performer wore an extravagant golden headpiece while parading around during the opening ceremony of the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin, Italy.An artist performed in a nude body suit with a red mohawk during the Opening Ceremony of the Turin 2006 Winter Olympic Games in Italy.Japan figure skater Shizuka Arakawa performed during the women's free skating program in a blue and purple costume with a plunging neckline during the Turin Winter Olympics.Aborigine performers from the Four Host First Nations performed in brightly colored ensembles during the opening ceremony of the 2010 Vancouver Winter Olympics.An artist performed during the Opening Ceremony of the Vancouver 2010 winter Olympics in a Native-American-inspired, colorful fringe ensemble.A participant performed in a orange robes and a regal-looking headpiece during the Opening Ceremony of the Sochi 2014 Paralympic Winter Games.A Korean performer danced in a sheer white dress with colorful sleeves during the Closing Ceremonies of the 2014 Paralympic Winter Games in Russia.Germany's athletes arrived during the 2014 Winter Olympics Opening Ceremony in rainbow puffer jackets and snow pants.Haavard Vad Petersson and Christoffer Svae of Norway sweep the ice in a curling match while wearing red, white, and blue splattered pants during the Sochi Winter Olympics.An acrobat performed in a blue gem leotard during the Sochi 2014 Paralympic Winter Games Closing Ceremony. The United States Olympic team entered the Opening Ceremony of the Sochi 2014 Winter Olympics wearing star spangled banner-inspired sweaters.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You know, outside of the gym.We're going to get real controversial and just say it—leggings are pants. We repeat: Leggings. Are. Pants. Forget every fake rule you've heard since 2007, and opt for the comfier alternative to jeans that can be chic enough for—dare we say—the office. If you're on board but still like, "How do I make my leggings actually look like pants?" get inspired with these 16 looks ahead, and shop our favorite pairs you'll want to live in year-round.This wrap jacket takes your eyes away from the fact that you're actually wearing leggings, which only means one thing: all that really matters here is your statement blouse or jacket. Splendid, $85SHOP ITWho's to say you can't swap the crop top with a blouse underneath the trench then proceed to slide into the office? Answer: nobody. Wolford, $260SHOP ITThe leather jacket will always withstand the test of time (like the Crocs we just can't seem to let go of). Pair the leggings with sneakers, as Chrissy Teigen does here, or mules for an effortless transition from day to night. Tory Sport, $62SHOP ITAdding a faux-fur coat to any outfit—including leggings and a t-shirt—will have you foreshadowing your next life as Iris Apfel. Banana Republic, $59SHOP ITPullovers were practically invented for leggings, and adding an ankle bootie just made your outfit go from gym to courtside VIP.Spanx, $98SHOP ITA bomber makes any outfit 10x cooler (but you knew that already). Vince, $225SHOP ITA la Gigi Hadid, pull a pair of leggings over a bodysuit for a sleek, minimal look. Two by Vince Camuto, $49SHOP ITLeather leggings are the epitome of our existence, and the ultimate way to make any pair truly look like pants. Also, a highly-recommended alternative to denim when you want to feel less...restricted. Zara, $10SHOP ITAnother tribute to the leather leggings—style them here like Hailey Baldwin by throwing on a floor-length duster.Commando, $98SHOP ITFurther proof that leggings can look good with any type of accessory (and shirt!). Aerie, $14SHOP ITHigh-waisted leggings are necessary for an impending spring wardrobe when all you want to do is throw on a cami.  (Summer, we're ready.) Athleta, $42SHOP ITSnag a pair of graphic leggings you can bring out when you want your outfit to do the talking. Add a pair of wedges for an after-effect (AKA an outfit worth remembering). ASOS, $21SHOP ITPair the leggings with a crop top or bralette of your choice and you'll pretty much own the room, as Joan Smalls does here. Lucas Hugh, $238SHOP ITWhen Friday night outfit-planning feels like a drag, add a sweater and thigh-highs with your leggings and...voilà. (Also, consider this your next layer of airport outfit inspo.)J. Crew, $50SHOP ITFound: your next Saturday shopping spree outfit. Colorful leggings are here to stay. LNDR, $90SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			And she narrowly avoided a wardrobe malfunction.Selena Gomez's style is always on point, and her latest outfit is no exception. Heading out to dinner on Friday night in Los Angeles with friends, Gomez opted for a gorgeous satin gown, with a dramatic thigh-high slit. She paired the dress with a peach and pink Pieced Shearling Bomber by Coach:The singer wore a simple pair of pointy pumps with the gown, and accessorized the outfit with a waist-length necklace.Gomez is rumored to be dating ex-boyfriend Justin Bieber again, and she recently completed a program for depression and anxiety, according to People. A source told the publication, "She felt like she needed to get away and focus on herself with no distractions. She came back feeling very empowered."From: ELLE US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The "Foam" platform shoes have proven to be a big hit.The spring/summer 2018 collections introduced the fashion circuit to the year's most unlikely "It" shoe—the Croc. And the divisive shoe has finally been given the ultimate stamp of approval. Christopher Kane first hinted that the rubber sandals were making a comeback, when he debuted rock-emblazoned Crocs at his spring/summer 2017 show.But it was Demna Gvasalia for Balenciaga which sealed the deal, as the designer introduced the FROW to a child-like take on the sandal.And the 10cm "Foam" platform shoes have already proven to be a massive hit with fans after managing to sell out online before they were even officially released.The Balenciaga shoes became available to pre-order on the Barneys website for a cool $850 on February 1, 2018, but sold out within a matter of hours.  Tough luck for those hoping to bag a pair ahead of the next wave of fashion week shows... And it's an impressive sale for the shoe once dubbed the "dad sandal," but the soar in interest further proves Gvasalia's sartorial pulling power.And with everything from the  label's '80s-inspired spandex leggings, to Ikea-inspired accessories, there's no telling what the designer will convince the millennial set to buy next.From: Harper's BAZAAR UK		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"I got a really big team, and they need some really big rings..." 🎶When we've seen the likes of Bella Hadid and Kendall Jenner make their way to a Lakers or Nets game, 9/10 times they've chosen to swap the classic jersey for a regular outfit. Why, you ask? They've just forgotten how to make it look cool again. Whether it's during the Super Bowl, a basketball game, or really anytime you feel like reppin' your favorite teams, here's your reminder looking chic and rocking a jersey aren't mutually exclusive—proof from these five looks below. There is in fact a life outside of leggings, and it belongs to the bootcut jeans. Adding a statement bootie with the jersey makes all the difference, and allows for a seamless transition to post-game drinks.Shop similar: Free People booties, $128SHOP ITLevis jeans, $98SHOP ITEverlane backpack, $231SHOP ITFor more of a classic look, wear shorts underneath the jersey (as Rihanna does to the left). If you'd rather forgo a pair underneath, the jersey can also double as a dress. Throw on a pair of mules for an effortless high-low look.  Shop similar: J. Crew shorts, $15SHOP ITRobert Clergerie mules, $495SHOP ITIf you're not suffering from freezing temps, pairing a cozy jersey with shorts (denim does the trick, always) is just the right mix of cozy cool. A color-pop accessory doesn't hurt either, and it'll look like you put way more effort into the outfit than you did. Shop similar: Madewell shorts, $70SHOP ITBando bag, $95SHOP ITDolce Vita booties, $98SHOP ITYou don't need heels to elevate your style—take it from Gigi Hadid who knows how to throw on a belt and sneakers and still manage to make a jersey look sophisticated. Add a turtleneck underneath for extra warmth. Shop similar:Topshop turtleneck, $75SHOP ITReebok sneakers, $70SHOP ITGap pants, $59 SHOP ITASOS belt, $23SHOP ITTake style cues from Hailey Baldwin and throw on a jacket over the jersey. Bonus: a pair of thigh-highs will make you feel like you're courtside VIP...nosebleeds and all. Shop similar: Levi's jacket, $90SHOP ITHelmut Lang pants, $920SHOP ITStuart Weitzman boots, $698SHOP IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Bold looks are accompanied by white roses in support of the #MeToo movement.The Grammy Awards have historically been a night of iconic fashion choices, and tonight is no different. Ever since stars wore all black at the Golden Globes to stand in solidarity with the #MeToo movement and #TimesUp initiative, how actors, actresses, and musicians will continue to make a statement on the red carpet has become highly-anticipated. Artists decided to wear or carry white roses to accompany their all-black ensembles on the Grammys carpet. See all the amazing outfits from the night ahead, and keep up with us here as we track all the highlights from the biggest night in music. In Armani Privé Fall 2015 CoutureIn Richard James Spring 2018 RTWIn Jean Paul Gaultier Fall 2007 CoutureIn Atelier Versace Fall 2017 CoutureIn Paolo Sebastian Fall 2017 CoutureIn Balmain Pre-Fall 2018In Zac Posen Fall 2017 RTWIn Yas Couture by Elie Madi and Giuseppe Zanotti shoesIn Moschino Pre-Fall 2017In Ralph & Russo Spring 2018 CoutureIn Nudie’s Rodeo TailorsIn Yanina CoutureIn Ermenegildo Zegna CoutureIn Ashi Studio Fall 2017 RTW and Giuseppe Zanotti shoesIn Certuti 1881In Louis Vuitton monogrammed scarf and Le Fleur Converse Chuck Taylor high-topsIn Vivienne Westwood Couture, Bulgari jewelry, and Judith Leiber bagIn Tom FordIn Alexandre Vauthier Spring 2018 RTWIn Ashi Studio Fall 2017 Couture, Messika jewelry, and Christian Louboutin shoesIn a Maggie Marylin dress, Beladora jewelry, Jimmy Choo shoes and carrying a Vince Camuto clutchIn John VarvatosIn Monique Lhuillier Spring 2018 RTWIn Christian SirianoIn La Perla Spring 2018 RTWIn a MSFTSRep top and G-Star pantsIn Salvatore Ferragamo Spring 2018 RTWIn Dolce & Gabbana Spring 2018 RTW Secret ShowIn Giuseppe Zanotti shoes		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's all about the women tonight. Perhaps the most personal award ceremony for Hollywood insiders, the 24th annual Screen Actors Guild (SAG) Awards recognizes the best performances in film and television—with voting exclusively done by actors to celebrate their peers in the industry. Much like the 74th annual Golden Globes, where actresses wore all black to support the #MeToo movement and #TimesUp legal defense fund, a string of actresses decided to continue the conversation on the SAG red carpet with a variety of black ensembles (though colorful hues most definitely still made their debut). Preview the chicest looks ahead, and get ready for a historical night full of firsts—from the awards' first-ever host to its roster of all-female presenters.In Zac PosenIn custom Adam Selman and Repossi jewelryIn Jean Louis Sabaj and David Webb jewelryIn Zuhair Murad Resort 2018In Oscar de la Renta Resort 2018In Rasario Resort 2018 dress, Le Vian, Djula and IVY New York jewelryIn custom Christian SirianoIn Valentino Spring 2018 RTWIn Zac PosenIn Christian Dior Fall 2017 CoutureIn Bottega Veneta Spring 2018 RTW and Irene Neuwirth jewelryIn custom Ralph LaurenIn Louis Vuitton and Cartier jewelsIn Greta ConstantineIn Armani Privé Fall 2010 CoutureIn Ralph & Russo Fall 2017 CoutureIn custom Pamella Roland and Yael Sonia jewelryHawn in Monique Lhuillier Resort 2017, Hudson in Valentino Pre-Fall 2018 and Forevermark DiamondsIn Miu Miu and Tiffany & Co. jewelry In PradaIn Alberta FerrettiIn custom Ralph Lauren and Tiffany & Co. jewelryIn Christian Dior Fall 2017 Couture, Lorraine Schwartz jewelry, and Jimmy Choo shoesIn Miu MiuIn Peter LangnerIn Calvin Klein by Appointment and Repossi jewelryIn Rubin SingerIn Ralph & Russo dress, Jimmy Choo clutch, and Christian Louboutin shoesIn J. Mendel Resort 2018 dress, Lorraine Schwartz jewelry, Judith Leiber clutch, and Charlotte Olympia shoesSchilling in custom Diane von Furstenberg dress, Stefere jewelry, Stuart Weitzman shoes, and Jimmy Choo clutch		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Let's start the year off right, shall we?Despite every bone in our body (and those little things called new year's resolutions) telling us we need to lay off the online shopping, all it takes is one click and a Net-a-Porter sale later and suddenly we're back to our old antics. Fresh off the runway and in our hearts, the online retail giant is currently offering up to 50 percent off on its "Sale Must-Haves." Consider this your major shopping edit for the season and beyond, and peruse through our curated selection of favorites ahead. (Spring, we're coming for you.) Prada, $563BUY ITA petal for your thoughts? Look! At! These! Babies!Fendi, $210BUY ITThe only necklace you need to carry you through the year. Draper James, $238BUY ITWhite-out forever. P.S. we've officially retired, "No white after Labor Day." Miu Miu, $288BUY ITA pair of retro shades with a sleek gray fabric trim, at 40 percent off. Madewell, $18BUY ITThe year Bob Marley and the Wailers played at Civic Auditorium, and all was right in the world. Chloé, $898BUY ITIt doesn't even matter if you're not taking the trip to Ibiza...this crocheted number is 50 percent off.Ward Whillas, $183BUY ITSwimsuit or bodysuit? Consider this your two-in-one. MSGM, $597BUY ITWhen you're feelin' blue (and really freaken cold). Sonia Rykiel, $600BUY ITThe cure to having holiday time year-round. Alice + Olivia, $398BUY ITSay it with us: a silk chiffon embroidered bomber dream. Needle & Thread, $168BUY ITFor a little date-night magic. Fendi, $650BUY ITThese satin cutoffs stick with us through long days at the office, and even make room for a little fun on the weekends. Elie Saab, $3,285BUY ITThe leather biker jacket of your dreams is now 40 percent off. Jennifer Fisher, $188BUY ITA set of two gold-plated chokers to replace the one you've had since the 9th grade. Miu Miu, $723BUY ITPair this western-inspired denim with your thigh-highs or mules. Miu Miu, $600BUY ITGrandpa, is that you? Current/Elliot, $138BUY ITYou can tell everyone you DIY'ed this pair yourself, at 50 percent off. Proenza Schouler, $575BUY ITWhen art meets skirt...💋J. Crew, $60BUY ITA just-for-fun ruffle top to snag at half off.  Prada, $345BUY ITSneakers, but make it shearling. Chloé, $510BUY ITWide-leg trousers to stash away until April, cool enough to grab now at 40 percent off. Diane von Furstenberg, $45BUY ITDreaming of the days we can wear shorts again. Hamptons and lay-on-the-couch-all-day-approved. Rosetta Getty, $295BUY ITSay what you want about the off-the-shoulder, but the one-shoulder is here to stay.The Row, $1,074BUY ITThat Aprés ski trip is just around the corner (or the block...to the grocery store). Miu Miu, $1,330BUY ITPair underneath your fur or wait until you can really ~feel~ the sun on your chest. Zimmermann, $155BUY ITA cotton bra top to pair underneath your shirt or wear solo with a midi skirt. See by Chloé, $119BUY ITBohemian magic. ⭐️Zimmermann, $240BUY ITOtherwise known as our "yacht pants."Saint Laurent, $595BUY ITWear your heart on your sleeve with this Saint Laurent long-sleeve. Marni, $335BUY ITColorblock magic at half off. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The famed photographer has denied the allegations made against him.Burberry, Michael Kors, and Stuart Weitzman have vowed not to work with Mario Testino again, following sexual misconduct allegations.On Saturday 13 January, the New York Times published an expose detailing claims made by 13 models and former assistants accusing him of sexual assault. Testino has denied the allegations. His legal team, Lavely & Singer, challenged the "characters and credibility" of those who have made the claims, adding that they "cannot be considered reliable sources." The lawyers also said that former employees were "shocked by the allegations" and "could not confirm any of the claims."However, WWD reports that multiple fashion brands have since dropped the famed photographer, who is known for shooting luxury fashion campaigns, as well as working with the royal family. Burberry—who hasn't worked with Testino since 2016—has no future plans with him. In a statement, the brand said:In addition, Michael Kors vowed to stop working with the photographer: "We recently learned of the allegations concerning Mario Testino. In light of the seriousness of these accusations, we will not be working with Mr. Testino on future advertising campaigns."Stuart Weitzman's chief executive officer and brand president, Wendy Kahn, also said that the brand will not work with Testino for the "foreseeable future." The photographer is responsible for several of the footwear brand's campaigns, which have starred Gigi Hadid, Joan Smalls, and Lily Aldridge.Kahn told WWD: From: Harper's BAZAAR UK		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Her photoshoot was cut because she "did not fit their market."Nina Agdal has publicly criticized a fashion magazine after it pulled a cover story that she was featured in.The Victoria's Secret model accused the unnamed publication of body shaming, after her agent was sent an email from the magazine, saying that the photoshoot "did not reflect well on [the] talent" and "did not fit their market." Agdal also claimed that the publisher "claimed my look deviated from my portfolio and that I did not fit into the (sample size) samples"—something the model denies.In a lengthy Instagram post, she expressed her anger and disappointment "at the still very harsh reality of this industry." Agdal said she fluctuates between a size 4 and a size 6.Adgal wrote:Prior to the shoot, Agdal had taken a year break from "the insensitive and unrealistic pressures of this industry" to deal with her anxiety issues. Her post has attracted over 3,000 mostly supportive comments.From: Harper's BAZAAR UK		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			28 male models have claimed they were sexually exploited by the photographers.A new expose by The New York Times, released Saturday, recounts the testimonies of 28 former and current models who claim they were sexually exploited by fashion photographers Mario Testino and Bruce Weber. The allegations span from the 1990s to the present day, and allege that both photographers used their standing in the fashion world to sexually manipulate, molest, abuse, and coerce the male models they worked with.Of the 15 male models who have accused Weber, one in particular, Robyn Sinclair, told The New York Times, "I remember him putting his fingers in my mouth, and him grabbing my privates. We never had sex or anything, but a lot of things happened. A lot of touching. A lot of molestation."And of the shocking allegations against Weber, the publication wrote that "The men recalled, with remarkable consistency, private sessions with Mr. Weber in which he asked them to undress and led them through breathing and 'energy' exercises. Models were asked to breathe and to touch both themselves and Mr. Weber, moving their hands wherever they felt their 'energy.' Often, Mr. Weber guided their hands with his own.""I remember him putting his fingers in my mouth, and him grabbing my privates," a male model said of Bruce Weber. "He was a sexual predator," another model said of Mario Testino. https://t.co/eJRtNOfbVnAccording to The New York Times, 13 men who have worked with Testino have said that "he subjected them to sexual advances that in some cases included groping and masturbation." A former Gucci model called Jason Fedele alleges, "If you wanted to work with Mario, you needed to do a nude shoot at the Chateau Marmont. All the agents knew that this was the thing to excel or advance your career."Weber responded to the allegations in a statement released by his lawyer, and said, "I'm completely shocked and saddened by the outrageous claims being made against me, which I absolutely deny." Testino's lawyer also responded, claiming that the models The New York Times had spoken to "cannot be considered reliable sources."In December 2017, a male model brought a law suit against Weber claiming sexual harassment. Weber denied all of the allegations brought against him in the complaint.From: ELLE US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Underneath a puffer coat, that is. When we consider a "heat wave" anything above 30 degrees, getting dressed for work seems like is a completely daunting task. Wearing the same turtleneck and jeans five times over becomes the new office uniform, and before we know it layering feels like a second job. Don't let your wardrobe suffer with the weather—get inspired with these seven chic options.A pink cashmere softens the classic leather look, giving you the pop of color you need to combat dreary weather. Everlane, $100BUY ITLove Fire, $45BUY ITUrban Outfitters, $89BUY ITKendra Scott, $65BUY ITThe jumper isn't just a summer staple. Throw a turtleneck underneath, add an amazing patent leather jacket, and you'll look like the coolest gal in the office. Phillip Lim, $495BUY ITRalph Lauren, $50BUY ITTopshop, $45BUY ITVia Spiga, $112BUY ITWe would live in turtlenecks year-round if we could. Skip the blackout and add a statement bootie instead. Ralph Lauren, $55BUY ITAcne Studios, $180BUY ITMarc Jacobs, $50BUY ITGentle Souls, $156BUY ITPair the colorblocked dress of your dreams with a camel trench coat for an extra layer of warmth, and suddenly you have two outfits in one. Uniqulo, $20BUY ITDiane von Furstenberg, $329BUY ITSam Edelman, $84BUY ITThis geometric skirt does wonders for our eyes and our hearts. Don't forget to add the tights!H&M;, $15BUY ITZara, $23BUY ITStuart Weitzman, $575BUY ITTaking business casual to new lengths with these thigh-high boots. 💯Topshop, $55BUY ITJ. Crew, $70BUY ITSteve Madden, $60BUY ITArgento Vivo, $68BUY ITThe office pairing that doubles as a weekender and seamlessly transitions from work day to night out. The embroidery alone will make you forget you're wearing a blazer (which is totally optional these days, anyways). Zara, $30BUY IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Actresses took a much different approach than this year's historic Golden Globes red carpet. Fresh off the heels of the Golden Globes this past Sunday night, stars attended the 23rd annual Critics' Choice Awards in Santa Monica, California. The awards honor the best in film throughout the year, and naturally Big Little Lies swept the night in television (as did The Shape of Water in film). Though actors made a powerful statement on the Golden Globes carpet by wearing all black to support the #TimesUp movement, the Critics' Choice Awards carpet shined with understated glitz and colorful ensembles. See the biggest fashion moments from the night, ahead. In Vionnet Spring 2018 RTW and Piaget jewelryIn Chanel Resort 2018In Ralph & Russo dress, Neil Lane jewelry, and Stuart Weitzman shoesIn Georges Hobeika Fall 2017 CoutureIn Oscar de la Renta Spring 2018 RTW dress and Tyler Ellis clutchIn PradaIn Zac PosenIn Prada dress, Niwaka jewelry, and Christian Louboutin shoesIn Ralph Lauren Purple Label and Montblanc cufflinksIn Tadashi Shoji In Fendi dress and Fernando Jorge jewelryIn custom Eloquii dress, Anabela Chan earrings, Spallanzani ring, and Stuart Weitzman shoesIn Michael CincoIn Vera Wang Spring 2018 RTWIn J. Mendel Spring 2018 RTWIn Dolce & GabbanaIn Giambattista Valli Spring 2017 CoutureIn Erdem Pre-Fall 2018 dress and Tyler Ellis clutchIn Naeem Khan Resort 2018In PradaIn Elizabeth KennedyIn Dolce & GabbanaIn Vivienne Westwood CoutureIn Cristina OttavianoIn John Varvatos and Tom Ford shoesIn Valentino dress and René Caovilla shoesIn Delpozo Spring 2018 RTW dress, Anya Hindmarch clutch, Charlotte Olympia shoes, and Irene Neuwirth jewelryIn Roberto Cavalli		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			*Keeps extra pair under desk.*Ah, the age-old debate: What really is a slipper? Is it a mule? A slide? A loafer? Are all four the same? Does it really *even* matter? So many of life's existential fashion questions, so little answers. Fashion retailers categorize the shoes in different ways, making it extremely hard to find a pair you actually like. Luckily, we did the work for you, narrowing in on the real slippers made for maximum warmth and comfort. Put your trust issues aside and shop these 13 stylish pairs, ahead. Gucci, $1,150BUY ITHow to justify $1,100 slippers, you ask? The pair has been seen on everyone from Gigi Hadid to Alexa Chung—made straight from Italy and layered with pink and brown shearling. Ugg, $100BUY ITPlot twist: these are called "mule slippers." The braided suede gives the pair more of a bohemian vibe.Saks, $40BUY ITAvocado toast has never looked this good. Also: your daily reminder to eat breakfast in the morning. Daniel Green, $40BUY ITBet you’ve never seen colorblocked slippers before. Ugg, $51BUY ITFor more of a classic leather look, pair these with jeans or your favorite midi skirt. L.L. Bean, $69BUY ITThey call these mountain slippers for a reason. Instead of layering your socks in snow boots, just throw these babies on and you’re good to go. Toms, $55BUY ITThe tassel adds an extra layer of fun...and encouragement to leave the house this winter. Tempur Pedic, $60BUY ITYes, the same Tempur Pedic you’re thinking of. If the name doesn’t give it away, this *extra* plush pair is heaven for your feet. Patricia Green, $70BUY ITThis pair has our heart—literally and figuratively. Mahabis, $110BUY ITThe Scandinavian-inspired silhouette will have your co-workers fooled when you tell them you’re really wearing slippers. Birdies, $140BUY ITSoon-to-be-royal-approved. These have been spotted on Meghan Markle in her past life. Gucci, $995BUY ITThis elegant pair still has the fur-trimmed effect you want in a slipper—versatile enough for everything from date-night to office meetings. Fendi, $420BUY ITPlatform. Fendi. Slippers. Fin. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Stars decided to forgo wardrobe changes and opted for their all-black uniform instead. ICYMI, last night was an incredibly monumental night for film and television. Not only did Nicole Kidman, Laura Dern, and Oprah give incredible speeches, but actresses made history with their red-carpet statement of solidarity to end sexual harassment, abuse, and discrimination. While actresses typically make a uniform change for the after-parties, this year's stars opted to stay in their all-black ensembles to show their support for the movement. See all the after-party looks, including amazing behind-the-scenes moments ahead. At the InStyle and Warner Bros. After-Party At the HBO After-PartyAt the Focus Features After Party At the Netflix After PartyAt the HBO After PartyAt the InStyle and Warner Bros. After PartyAt the InStyle and Warner Bros. After PartyAt the InStyle and Warner Bros. After PartyAt the InStyle and Warner Bros. After Party At the InStyle and Warner Bros. After Party At the InStyle and Warner Bros. After PartyAt the InStyle and Warner Bros. After Party At the InStyle and Warner Bros. After PartyAt the FOX, FX, and Hulu After Party At the InStyle and Warner Bros. After Party At the InStyle and Warner Bros. After Party At the InStyle and Warner Bros. After Party At the InStyle and Warner Bros. After Party At the InStyle and Warner Bros. After PartyAt the InStyle and Warner Bros. After PartyAt the InStyle and Warner Bros. After Party At the InStyle and Warner Bros. After Party At the InStyle and Warner Bros. After PartyAt the InStyle and Warner Bros. After Party At the InStyle and Warner Bros. After PartyAt the InStyle and Warner Bros. After PartyAt the InStyle and Warner Bros. After Party At the InStyle and Warner Bros. After Party At the InStyle and Warner Bros. After PartyAt the InStyle and Warner Bros. After Party		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			This year's carpet made its biggest statement yet. For the first time in Golden Globes history, a majority of actresses have decided to opt out of over-the-top outfits  and colorful gowns for an all-black ensemble to protest sexual harassment in the industry and beyond. The highly-anticipated red carpet came with many questions: Who will wear all black? Who won't? And will men do the same? Ahead, see all the looks on this year's powerful red carpet. Plus, find out everything you need to know about the biggest night in film and television here. In Valentino Fall 2017 Couture and Platinum by Harry Winston jewelry In PradaIn Chopard jewelryIn Ralph Lauren and Forevermark Diamond jewelry Hayek in Gucci, Judd in Elie Saab In Dolce & GabbanaIn Ralph & RussoIn Armani Prive and Bulgari jewelryIn Vitor ZerbinatoIn Jean Paul GaultierIn Zuhair Murad and Swarovski earringsRonan in Atelier Versace, Gerwig in Oscar de la Renta In custom Givenchy Couture and Platinum by Fred Leighton jewelry Witherspoon in Zac Posen and Bulgari jewelry, Longoria in custom Genny and platinum by Lorraine Schwartz jewelry In custom GennyIn Tom Ford and Platinum by Tiffany & Co. jewelry In custom Louis VuittonIn a Lingua Franca sweater, Max Mara taffeta skirt and jewelry by Graziela GemsIn Miu Miu and Platinum by Harry Winston jewelry In Moschino In vintage Dolce & Gabbana In Platinum by Tiffany & Co. jewelry In Brandon MaxwellIn Gucci and Platinum by Tiffany & Co. jewelry In custom Calvin Klein In custom Monse In DiorIn Zuhair MuradIn Atelier Versace dress, Forevermark jewelry, and Stuart Weitzman shoesIn Mario Dice		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She's definitely sending a message to someone...Selena Gomez might not have announced her current relationship status, but most signs point towards her being back together with ex Justin Bieber. Having reportedly spent a special  New Year's Eve together in Cabo, it seems as though their on-off relationship is back on. Which is why Gomez's latest sweatshirt choice is so apt:Wearing a simple black sweatshirt featuring the words "I FEEL LOVE" it's clear that Gomez has seen in 2018 in a positive way. If Bieber and Gomez really are as loved up as reports make them out to be, then the message scrawled across Gomez's sweatshirt can only be aimed at one person. Jelena forever!		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The historically stylized place is now accepting reservations.Serial killer Andrew Cunanan murdered Gianni Versace on the front steps of the fashion designer's Miami Beach mansion in 1997, and now those stone steps provide the backdrop for dozens of tourist photos on a daily basis. But not only can tourists (and fans of FX's upcoming American Crime Story miniseries, which focuses on the murder) photograph the house, they can stay there overnight. Scroll down for a look inside the boutique luxury hotel known as the Villa Casa Casuarina.In 1992, Versace purchased the original house for $2.95 million and the Revere Hotel next door for $3.7 million. He spent an astonishing $32 million on renovations that included demolishing the Revere to make way for a pool, garden, and new south wing of the home.The designer built an additional two suites in the south wing. Above, the Venus Suite, was where his sister Donatella Versace stayed. Rates for one-bedroom suites today start at $1,199 per night.In addition to the guestrooms, it operates the restaurant Gianni's, which "offers a delicious blend of Italian and Mediterranean food and wine selections." Decadent dishes include gnocchi di granchio, with New Orleans blue crab, vermouth wine, shallots, parmigiano-reggiano, truffles, and filetto di manzo rossini, with eight-ounce Wagyu filet mignon, pomme confit, grilled asparagus, pan-seared foie gras, and Bordelaise jus.Producer Ryan Murphy told the New York Post he couldn’t believe that he received permission to shoot the series there. "I don’t think I could have made the show if I couldn’t have gotten that house,” he said. “There was no way you could build [a set] of it. Two of the rooms were made out of seashells. [Gianni Versace’s sister] Donatella [Versace] took all the furniture and the art when she sold the house, but through pictures we were able to recreate them.""We actually have preserved what Versace created here and just augmented it with some modern touches for the convenience of our hotel guests and restaurant patrons," Chauncey Copeland, the hotel’s general manager, told the Associated Press.What are you waiting for?Book NowFrom: Town & Country US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			A brief history of standout fashion. Since it combines the star power of both movies and TV, the Golden Globes features one of the best red-carpet opps of the year (partially because the stars let loose a little before the main stage at the Oscars, both with their drinking and with their style). 2018 is poised to be The Year of the Serious Fashion Statement, so before things kick off, let's get a quick refresher on the Globes' biggest red-carpet highlights to date.Who: Kate MossWhat: A high-neck sequin dressWhen: 1995Why: It's not every day you get an original Super on your red carpet, much less one accompanied by an unusually clean-cut Johnny Depp. (Yup, that's right—not the other way around.) Who: Kate HudsonWhat: Vera WangWhen: 2001Why: Consider that Kate Hudson was only 21 years old when she nabbed the Best Actress Award for her role as the iconic Penny Lane in Almost Famous. And showing up in this slinky Vera Wang boudoir slip dress, to boot? It's checking off all our comfort and style goals in one look. Who: Salma HayekWhat: Narciso RodriguezWhen: 2003Why: A) Girl, look at that body. B) This is why more people should wear Narciso—he won't turn you into Salma Hayek, but he's going to make you *look* like the Salma Hayek-iest you possible. Who: Jennifer AnistonWhat: Valentino When: 2004 Why: The plunging-V done right makes this a black-but-not-boring "all eyes on me" look. It's just one of many Valentino knockouts at the Golden Globes red carpet. Who: Cate BlanchettWhat: Donna Karan When: 2004Why: If Cate Blanchett were a fruit, she would be a raspberry right before the Jolly Green Giant people come to pick it at the peak of freshness. That is to say everything about this look is luscious. Who: Jennifer GarnerWhat: ValentinoWhen: 2005Why: Jennifer Garner knows she looks good, which makes her feel good, which subsequently makes her look even better. Who: Cate BlanchettWhat: Jean Paul GaultierWhen: 2005Why: Cate Blanchett is powdery but steely like the movie stars of days past. And she does modern Old Hollywood better than anyone.  Who: Keira KnightleyWhat: ValentinoWhen: 2006Why: Clean, tassel-y, Valentino—what's not to love?Who: Scarlett JohanssonWhat: ValentinoWhen: 2006Why: This is THE archetypical Scarlett Johansson va-va-voom look.Who: Reese WitherspoonWhat: Nina RicciWhen: 2007Why: Before the revenge body, there was the revenge red-carpet appearance™. What better way to get back at an ex than having Olivier Theyskens make you a dress the world ooooh-ed over? Nothing, really.Who: Sienna MillerWhat: MarchesaWhen: 2007Why: Witness the simultaneous births of Marchesa as a red-carpet staple and the milkmaid braid.Who: Cameron Diaz What: Chanel When: 2009Why: Has there ever been anything like this candy pink satin gown whose draping is utter perfection? Who: Anne HathawayWhat: Armani PrivéWhen: 2011Why: Les Mis was yet to come, but her styling here was already befitting that of an Oscar winner. It's also sparkly and backless. Who: Angelina JolieWhat: Atelier VersaceWhen: 2011Why: It's the, like, one time she's worn color.Who: January JonesWhat: VersaceWhen: 2011Why: Smoking, rifle-toting Betty or this? Pretty iconic (demi-iconic?) either way.Who: Tilda SwintonWhat: Jil SanderWhen: 2011Why: You don't necessarily go to Tilda for everyday, throwaway fashion. You go to Tilda for her unique POV and her ability to wear flowy, shiny clothes. Who: Charlize TheronWhat: Dior CoutureWhen: 2012Why: Queen. (She's got the diamond and platinum Cartier headband to prove it.) Who: Natalie PortmanWhat: LanvinWhen: 2012Why: Natalie + Alber forever. Natalie + pink forever. Who: Thandie NewtonWhat: GilesWhen: 2013Why: Long equals fancy, short equals casual, right? WRONG. Also, short, when it's sheer and sequined and styled well, is miles ahead of any satin mermaid gown. Who: Lucy LiuWhat: Carolina HerreraWhen: 2013Why: This might have been better with a shorter hem, but she's got more than enough presence to pull off a full-body tapestry. Who: Emma WatsonWhat: DiorWhen: 2014Why: At first, you're all like "What are you hiding under there, Hermione?"  "Ah. Gotcha." Who: Lupita Nyong'oWhat: Ralph Lauren When: 2014Why: Do you remember where you were when Lupita wore this cape gown? I do.Who: Emma StoneWhat: LanvinWhen: 2015Why: Any woman who defies the convention of skirts on the red carpet should be commended, especially when her pants also feature a swishy tail.Who: Julianne MooreWhat: GivenchyWhen: 2015Why: She somehow manages to make tinsel-y disco ball ombre look utterly chic. Who: JLoWhat: Giambattista ValliWhen: 2016Why: In which JLo wasn't even up for any noms and slayed in a high-slit canary yellow cape dress. Who: ZendayaWhat: Marchesa When: 2016Why: Tiered dresses can be hit-or-miss but Zendaya takes the cake (literally) with a subtle deep red take on the look. Who: Rooney Mara What: Alexander McQueenWhen: 2016Why: Even when she's completely toned down in a flesh-colored Alexander McQueen, Rooney Mara kills it with the details, from the tiny top knot to the deep red lip. Who: Natalie PortmanWhat: PradaWhen: 2017 Why: This lemon meringue color has been *big* at the Golden Globes (calling JLo and Reese), but in 2017 Portman went all-classic in a year where side-boob and low backs were the move. The long-sleeved floor-length gown was very much the picture of Jackie O.'s sophisticated style, whose role she's nominated for this year. Who: Ruth Negga What: Custom Louis Vuitton When: 2017Why: Loving's Ruth Negga looks like she's wearing liquid metallics, a brave move that pays off. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Your Monday morning will thank you.It's tempting, when facing the perpetual what-the-hell-do-I-wear-to-work conundrum, to just throw your hands in the air, head to your nearest J.Crew, and buy one of everything. But any seasoned office drone (*winks*) knows you only really need a slim selection of items in order to truly master "business-casual" attire. Ahead, 22 cool-girl workwear essentials worth stocking up on, even if you're only on an assistant's budget. BlankNYC, $98 BUY ITTake it from us: The moto jacket is the ultimate cool-girl work essential. It’s not quite as formal as a blazer, but it still gets the job done.Stella McCartney, $985BUY ITDenim is a classic staple, fit for practically any work environment. Business casual has so many variations these days anyways, but a sophisticated look like this one is definitely part of the vocabulary. Steve Madden, $79 BUY ITWhen you don't want to deal with switching out your shoes on the commute. Lush, $36BUY ITA jumpsuit for the creative types who love a good wide leg. If you're not really the type to wear jumpsuits, try a dress equivalent in the classic shirtdress. Topshop, $40BUY ITA non-schlubby t-shirt dress that you'll be thankful for come summer. Nicholas Kirkwood, $475BUY ITAn extra comfortable pair of leather flats that you can simply slip on and go. Zara, $30 BUY ITWhen the average button-up shirting options all start looking the same, it never hurts to break it up with something fun but still work-appropriate. Case in point: this checkered V-neck option. Chloe, $695BUY ITA shoe in a timeless sling-back style looks especially good with cropped trousers and still looks fresh with tights in cold weather.Leith, $45BUY ITIf you want to shop navy trousers that won't make you feel like a total office drone, look for a pair of non-starchy options like these stylish high-waisted ones. Madewell, $158BUY ITYou'll get plenty of mileage out of these clean white oxfords that go with everything (and won't slow down your commute). Kit and Ace, $78BUY ITA high-waisted pencil skirt that won't feel like it's constricting your movement. This one's extra stretchy and comfortable, but still looks tailored.Mango, $60BUY ITAn ideal sleeveless vest for warmer days that's like a trench without the arms: wrap it over a dress for an added layer of warmth and style.Wilfred, $149BUY ITA fitted bomber jacket that won't feel too trendy to wear again and again. Whistles, $129BUY ITA versatile dress that still covers up your arms (for more conservative office environments) and is easy enough to slip on with a pair of heels and be ready for your commute. Zara, $16BUY ITA very Kiera Knightley-esque pair of cropped men's-style trousers with flattering darting up the sides. H&M;, $50BUY ITA crisp white shirt will never go out of style. If you work in an extra creative office environment, you can get away with layering it under a camisole with culottes or a spaghetti strap dress à la Kendall Jenner. & Other Stories, $235BUY ITThe answer to boring work totes: a chic Céline-worthy lady bag with sleek hardware details. Achro, $70 BUY ITMidi skirts are the Goldilocks of skirt lengths that make dressing easy. This one's exceptionally styled, with gold heart details and a flattering wrap waist. Wear it with a classic dress shirt or a sweater and look instantly pulled-together. Cos, $99BUY ITA breezy top with flowery draping details  is a pretty work staple to layer with everything else. Auxiliary, $125BUY ITA reliable tote bag to handle your laptop, your lunch, and anything else you can think to cram in there. Chloe, $819 BUY ITA no-frills shoulder bag with only enough room for the essentials is a perfect choice for  when you're running between events and don't want to carry a ton.  Reiss, $110 BUY ITA workwear essential (even if you never wear heels) for interviews and special events that require a stricter dress code. This one comes in a chic scalloped design that will pop against any ensemble. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Meghan Markle wore a key winter trend piece for her lunch with the Royal Family and we want it. Having recently worn a bespoke Philip Treacy felt hat for the Christmas Day church service in Sandringham and a couture Ralph & Russo gown (estimated to cost a whopping $75,000!) for her official engagement photos, I've been losing faith that I'll ever be able to recreate Meghan Markle's iconic fashion moments.After all, dressing like a princess doesn't come cheap, and I love my job, but I'm no princess!But according to reports, the 36-year-old bagged a bargain when it came to searching for the perfect outfit for her first royal Christmas with Prince Harry last week. The Sun reports the Californian beauty chose a burgundy 'Tay' velvet dress from Canadian clothes brand Club Monaco for lunch at Sandringham with the Queen, which costs approximately $298. I can work with that!Hidden under a Sentaler wide-collar camel coat during her public appearance on Christmas Day, the dress features short, ruffled sleeves, a belted waist, and cuts just below the knee.Taking to Instagram, a representative from Club Monaco said: "A very short term #fbf to Christmas Day when we got a peek at the lovely @meghanmarkle wearing our velvet Tay dress to visit the royal family."Congrats to all involved — in particular that velvet dress, which is currently 30-percent off and not yet sold out! BRB!From: ELLE UK		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			That holiday cash is about to come in handy...big time. Christmas came in a perfectly wrapped e-gift this year, otherwise known as Nordstrom's Half Yearly sale. The retail giant's annual  gift sale marks down hundreds of fashion and beauty items at up to 60 percent off. (No, we're not kidding.) And since perusing through 210 pages worth of sale items is no task for the weak, we decided to do the work for you. Ahead, a curated list of the chicest items to snag before the sale ends January 2nd. Happy shopping! Bos. & Co., $155BUY ITPatent leather waterproof booties to withstand the slopes or, you know, those puddles that just so happen to be right underneath you as you step out of the car. (Always.)Givenchy, $195BUY ITSunnies that are chic and UV-protected. Free People, $59BUY ITCozy retro vibes at 40 percent off. 🙌Urban Decay, $9BUY ITAn Urban Decay liquid lipstick for $9? We are not worthy. Marc Jacobs, $198BUY ITWide-leg pants that double for the office or a casual weekend shopping outing. Originally $495. 😱Adidas, $9BUY ITSporty socks at 40 percent off, necessary for the gym or around the house. Rebecca Minkoff, $147BUY ITA backpack you'll actually feel comfortable leaving on your back, fully zippered. Marc Jacobs, $118BUY ITSummer's coming faster than you think (yes, we said it). Steve Madden, $54BUY ITPicture yourself about 20 years from now in these same mules, sipping champagne while lounging on your velvet loveseat. Mhmmm. Alexander McQueen, $1,070BUY ITA floral dream, with a 60 percent (!) markdown. Stella McCartney, $458BUY ITAn A-line dress that's soft *and* sophisticated. A win-win. 💯Frye, $321BUY ITTaking this bag with us into our next life. Latigo, $78BUY ITA classic peep-toe that deserves a home in your closet. Cushnie et Ochs, $238BUY ITThe back of this halter top is ridiiiculous (in every good way possible). Prada, $340BUY ITVelvet. Prada. Booties. 60. Percent. Off. Missoni, $698BUY ITThe colorblock dress of our dreams. Cole Haan, $330BUY ITA moto jacket we classify as "effortless style." Alberto Fermani, $327BUY ITNo need to persuede us to purchase these. Count us in at 40 percent off. Ellery, $392BUY ITThis midi skirt will give you that *tiny* boost of confidence you need to nail the interview. Ivy Park, $67BUY ITA lightweight pullover ideal for outdoor workouts...or a coffee run. Vince, $255BUY ITSuede booties you don't necessarily want to wear out in the snow, but will give you the traction you need to avoid any slips or falls. BP, $10BUY ITA pack of THREE gold hoops? At $10? Unheard of. Ellery, $392BUY ITFound: the only date-night top you'll need for the rest of your life (at 60 percent off!). Bobbi Brown, $65BUY ITMascara, lipstick, eyeliner, and highlighter (AKA the essentials) combined into an instant glam set for all of the post-holiday glow. Vince Camuto, $120BUY ITWestern-inspired thigh-highs you won't be able to pass up at half off. Topshop, $80BUY ITA leather-studded hobo bag that doubles as a crossbody. Stella McCartney, $267BUY ITThe color alone on these Italian faux leather gloves gives us *all* the feels. BP, $30BUY ITYou can never have too many turtlenecks. Lush, $28BUY ITNever met a henley we didn't like. Added bonus? Satin. Rebecca Minkoff, $177BUY ITA modern, clean, and sophisticated satchel. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Iconic pieces you'll wear forever.We talk about fashion being wearable art, but lately, it actually is—designers across the industry have been teaming up with the likes of Jeff Koons and James Jean to create the ultimate style masterpieces. Here, a look at some of our favorite items available now. Coach x Keith Haring Sweater, $395BUY ITIs it really street style with out graffiti from the Pop Art King? Calvin Klein x Andy Warhol, $140BUY ITIt's time to channel your inner Warhol.Hublot x Richard Orlinski, price upon request BUY ITOrlinski's signature geometric, cut-from-diamond shapes combined with Hublot's masculine nature creates the perfect wrist sculpture.Versace x Andy Warhol, $1,795BUY ITGive a girl the right pair of shoes dress and she'll conquer the world.Dior x Lee Bul, $9,700BUY ITThis bag took over 60 trials to get it just right. Yes, 60.  Philipp Plein x Alec Monopoly, $585BUY ITMake it rain...monopoly money!Akris x Alexander Girard, $1,490BUY ITAkris designer, Albert Kriemler, drew inspiration from Alexander Girard's wooden dolls combined with abstract color blocking, resulting in spring's must-have pants. Gucci x Elton John Tote, $950BUY ITAlessandro Michele looked to Elton John this season—the song "Level-Goodbye" is a part of Elton John's fourth album, Madam Across The Water.Louis Vuitton x Jeff Koons, $4,000BUY ITWho wouldn't want to travel with Monet's infamous Water Lilies? Armani Exchange x Van Orton, $50BUY ITClassical art meets street syle in this t-shirt collab with Armani and Van Orton Design. Prada x James Jean, $2,400BUY ITPrada and James Jean have brought your notebook doodles to life. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			What better time than Christmas to kick off their public friendship?Kate Middleton arrived for Christmas service today with her family, looking her most festive in a $2,197.50 Miu Miu red and green plaid coat. (According to Daily Mail, this tartan look has some deep symbolism to it: the outlet called it a nod to the "secret trips she took to Anstruther in Scotland with her then-fiancé Prince William." She may be channeling that in homage to Prince Harry and his fiancée Meghan Markle, who arrived at church together for their first royal Christmas as a couple.)The event marks her first appearance with Markle. She and Prince William were photographed beside the couple, and KMidd and Markle had a moment in front of the cameras:Middleton's coat also offers the best glimpse yet of her baby bump as the spring due date for royal baby #3 nears. Very chic, but gorgeous maternity coats are kind of KMidd's thing. The Miu Miu coat is now sold out. The only thing missing this year is Princess Charlotte and Prince George. The Duchess of Cambridge was notably photographed with Charlotte last year, and the two's outfits were the cutest:From: ELLE US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"Sorry, I can't come." -Me at any temp below 30. The coat-buying process is highly underrated. Nobody tells you how difficult it is to choose a warm jacket you actually like, let alone invest in one that will last you for the rest of your adult years (c'mon, they're expensive). If you're anything like me, who just can't seem to make a jacket decision for the life of her, we've made the process a bit easier for you by rounding up 15 stylish picks ahead that won't weigh you down this winter (or make you look like a giant cotton ball, promise).   FOR: To and from yoga practice and studio workoutsFEEL: Lightweight responsible down is our best weight-to-warmth ratioFAVE: Packs down into its own pocket when the weather warms upTwo secure zipper pocketsHigh collar for extra warmthCinchable bungees around waist let you customize your fitThis Moncler Genius' 'Grenoble' is a colorful take on its signature puffer jackets. The outerwear is made from a wool-blend bouclé in a pretty mélange of royal-blue, navy, red and ivory hues. Down padding keeps out winter's harshest elements while a funnel hood keeps your hair nice and tame in the wind.This Guess jacket is unassuming and does the job if you're not looking to splurge on another outerwear for winter. It has a snug fit, a removable belt, and an optional faux-fur trim detachable hood. You can wash this jacket in a washing machine, which makes it a low maintenance must-have winter staple.  Ski fanatics can be particular with their gear, so if you're looking for something luxe yet functional try Fendi's reversible ski jacket. The red will make you stand out on the mountain, especially when you do a victory lap.This jacket is designed for a slightly looser fit, so cinch in your waist with a belt. For a down jacket you can easily store in the tiny lockers at the gym or your barre studio, go with this one from Blanc Noir. The sporty silhouette has mesh insets on sleeves for ventilation (perfect if you ever leave a class sweaty) and is lined with down fill to keep you warm on that walk, or jog, home. This long Nike coat is your trick to being wrapped up while still looking cool. It has a luscious, lightweight down fill, a high-collar hood, and the material is cut from a water-repellent taffeta so you can wear it in the rain or snow. Style with joggers and a cool pair of athelsiure sneakers. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She's not the first royal to wear the fashion label either. New drinking game: Take a shot every time Meghan Markle's outfit sells out within minutes of her stepping into the light. Seem dramatic? That's the game fashion brands are playing along with these days anyways, rushing to see who can land Markle's next sartorial choice for her public outings. The latest to enter Markle territory? Self-Portrait, a favorite of celebs from Reese Witherspoon, to Lucy Hale, to Kristen Stewart, to Sofia Richie, and yes, even Michelle Obama. The 36-year-old sold out one of the feminine fashion label's dresses within minutes of being spotted on her way to a Christmas lunch with the Queen.Though Self-Portrait might not be on your radar (until now), it's been a favorite among the fashion set. Created in 2013 by Malaysia native Han Chong, the British contemporary fashion label has made a home on retail giants like Net-a-Porter, Neiman Marcus, Nordstrom, and Bergdorf Goodman, with outfits typically ranging from $100-$600. Although Markle has put the brand on the map recently, this isn't the first time a royal has chosen to wear the feminine label. Pippa Middleton, the Duchess of Cambridge's sister, wore a Self-Portrait dress to Wimbledon this year. The Duchess herself also wore one to the world premiere of A Street Cat Named Bob in 2016.Markle joined Prince Harry, the Duke and Duchess, Queen Elizabeth, and more members of the royal family to celebrate Christmas at Buckingham Palace on Wednesday afternoon wearing the brand's nightside midi dress. The dress sold out in minutes (literally minutes...as in it was there and poof, gone again). The dress hasn't even made a full appearance on Markle (just a view of it from her car), but Self-Portrait has already updated their website to reflect Markle's influence: "What to wear when meeting your entire extended Royal Family-to be? In Meghan’s case is was this gorgeous Self-Portrait dress in a stunning cut with lace and a style all its own. The black, white and pink Self-Portrait Nightshade midi dress has a mock neck, lace contrast, short sleeves, tan underlay at bust, dual slit pockets at sides, pleats at flared skirt and exposed zip closure at center back."Self-Portrait had a breakthrough year in 2015, but it looks like it's going to end 2017 on a royal high note. The contemporary fashion brand will likely need to stock up heavily now that all eyes are on the label. And since we know you'll probably want to peruse a few pieces for yourself, we've rounded up some of our favorites below to snag before Meghan or, you know, another royal decides to add *another* Self-Portrait piece to her wardrobe. Self-Portrait, $340BUY ITSelf-Portrait, $263BUY ITSelf-Portrait, $580BUY ITSelf-Portrait, $204BUY ITSelf-Portrait, $312BUY ITSelf-Portrait, $375BUY IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			And they look dreamy.When Prince Harry and Meghan Markle finally announced their engagement in November this year, it didn't take long before our attention moved away from that ring and onto the potential wedding dress Meghan would choose for her big day.A royal wedding dress can't just be any bog standard gown, after all, and we were certain that all plans for the design would be kept a closely-guarded secret until the couple's wedding date in May.However, sketches by Israeli bridal designer Inbal Dror, submitted to Meghan for consideration have just been leaked. According to TMZ, the sketches were sent following a request by the royal family.Very unlike her soon-to-be sister-in-law, Kate Middleton's, royal wedding gown which was designed by Alexander McQueen and featured traditional lace and a huge train, these dresses appear far more modern.While the detail and figure-hugging shape of the sketches would be a departure for traditional royal brides, the high-neck design and long-sleeves would be in-keeping with past dresses. Unfortunately for us, we probably will still have to wait until the 19th May to see what she finally picks. It is likely that Dror is one of a few designers who have been requested to submit ideas for the gown, so will be fighting for the right to dress Meghan.And, sadly, we're guessing there's no way this future royal bride will be walking down the aisle in something the whole world - including her future hubby - has seen all over the internet.It does however give us an idea of the type of dress she might choose, which is very different from the dress she wore to her first wedding.From: Cosmopolitan UK		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Boots with the fur, duh. It might be French to go "f*ck it," put on some lipstick, and go out in your day clothes, but sometimes always, it's fun to dress up. At this precise moment in time, these are the essentials that should make up the part of your wardrobe marked "Strictly for Nighttime Shenanigans." Shop Similar:Theory Corset Strapless Satin Mini Dress, $395BUY ITSure, it might be common sense to own a LBD, but with the *going out* LBD, the three-finger rule flies out the window. Let it be mini and cinched (corset-style if you want it super-cinched) or strapless if your fashion tape/strapless bra combo is strong.Shop Similar:Vince Camuto Cape Style Blazer, $139BUY ITThe more hassle-free and dance-friendly, the better. A capelet resolves the whole "where do I put my hands in this jacket?" dilemma, keeps you semi-warm on the way in the door, and you won't even have to shed it at coat check.Shop Similar:Nili Lotan Cami Dress, $545BUY ITFurther proof that the '90s is back: the slip dress is still hanging on as an after-hours look long after Courtney Love. Do as the stars do and buy a Nili Lotan slip, then shrug on a kimono or shawl on top.Shop Similar:Kendall + Kylie Mini Leather Top Handle BagBUY ITNo one said it needed to be a practical portable bag (teeny-tiny clutches FTW), but the bottom line is a little vessel that holds your MVP makeup items plus phone plus wallet (give or take an Altoids tin) and doesn't set you back in the dancing department.Shop Similar: H&M; Lace Bralette, $20BUY ITThat "oops, I left my blazer open" reveal is never an accident. Wear a La Perla under a deep V, layer a lacy bralette over a tee if you're keeping it low-key, or throw caution to the wind under an open blazer if you're extra thirsty.Shop Similar: Charles David Over the Knee Boots, $244BUY ITNancy Sinatra always had it right when she championed footwear as weapons, and power shoes (whether they be thigh high or sling-backs)  are truly the best way to announce that you're not to be looked over when you arrive.Shop Similar:MOTHER The Locker Ankle Fray Jeans, $144BUY ITBRB, stealing this whole look from Anja Rubik, chopping off the bottom 1.5 feet of it because I'm not that tall, and getting liiiiitt. Why do I want to do this? Because the jeans are so good. They could be your day-to-day ones or an extra-premium $$$ pair, but either way, they should fit like a glove.Shop Similar:Out From Under Jasmine Ruffled Bodysuit, $29BUY ITI promise you: All that fashion tape and the 30 minutes it takes to go to the bathroom will be worth it. Do as the stars do and get yourself one from Misha Collection.Shop Similar:Basic Black Jersey Bandeau Top, $6BUY ITWho knew a strip of elasticized fabric could be so versatile? 1) Layer it under an almost-to-the-navel neckline for some modesty, 2) Wear it as a top under a jacket à la Kendall, 3) Use it to keep your hair up when you face your face in the morning! JK, JK.Shop Similar: 7 For All Mankind Step Hem Denim Skirt, $179BUY ITEnough time has passed since high school that the denim miniskirt is now ironic. This time around, though, it's certainly not as distressed, nor is it to be paired with black capri-length leggings and flip-flops. In this incarnation, it is only meant to be super-duper sexy.Shop Similar:Anna Sui Floral Moto Jacket, $189BUY ITUntil it's warm enough out—but even then you might still want to wear one because it's figuratively cool—your jacket is your calling card. An embellished Coach topper, a personalized Topshop bomber, a vintage find embroidered with tigers: It's the first and last thing they'll see, so go HAM.Shop Similar:Helmet Lang Faux Fur Scarf, $186BUY ITDo it! Do it now before the weather turns! Suki Waterhouse has been on a stole, uh, roll lately, probably because nothing says "I'm here to party!!!" like a completely impractical swath of fluffiness. Wear it draped over your shoulders, let it fall near your elbows, tie it sash-style. So fun.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Selena, Drake, and more celebs gifting us with the wardrobes we didn’t deserve. 🙏2017 wasn't all garbage. Point proven: these 12 celebrity fashion collaborations make us wonder how we ever lived in a world where a Drake x Canada Goose collab didn't exist, along with a Cardi B x Steve Madden and Miley Cyrus x Converse underway (2018, come at us). Here, the best celeb fashion collabs of 2017 you can still get your hands on, you know, before you forget this year ever existed. Printed Hoodie Dress, $136BUY ITSweatshirt, dress, who cares? Take this evil eye sweater designed by Gigi Hadid into 2018 and ward off any lingering negative vibes (like that friend who told you they didn't like "Cat Person.")Zander Army Zip Front Pants, $149BUY IT"Chrissy Teigen wore army pants and flip flops, so I wore army pants and flip flops."Alicia Bodysuit, $186BUY ITThe queen of street style/the runway/pretty much everything she does, Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, designed a 20-piece collection with Paige. Baseball Jacket, $80BUY ITA unisex bomber inspired by none other than The Weeknd himself. Do we think Selena has one stashed away somewhere? Drawstring Pouch, $19BUY ITTracee Ellis Ross, the queen of wardrobe changes, partnered with JCPenney to give people chic, affordable options—like this classic red bucket bag. Faux Fur Jacket, $70BUY ITAlong with her PAPER cover, Minaj blessed us with another gift of 2017: a collaboration with H&M.; Happy holidays to us. Tennis Hu Sneaker, $110BUY ITAn even wilder concept? A Pharrell x Chanel x Adidas collab. Selena Grace Bag in Colorblock, $395BUY ITGomez partnered with Coach to design an entire bag collection—and it doesn't disappoint. Varsity Pencil Skirt, $140BUY ITYes, Rihanna's real last name is Fenty (we know what you were thinking). 2017: the year of Fenty. Kaia Snapshot Small Camera Bag, $550BUY ITThe 16-year-old model designed a limited-edition bag for Marc Jacobs inspired by the '70s. What were you doing at 16? Chilliwack Bomber, $1,095BUY ITIf you just put it together like I did: Drake...Canada...hometown. Yeah, not so random. This was the second year his record company, October's Very Own, partnered with the iconic winter fashion label.  Logo Blanket Scarf, $250BUY ITAnnnnd another one because nothing was the same. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Yes, she walked last month's VS Fashion Show while expecting.Forget Victoria's Secret, Candice Swanepoel has a secret of her own she's been keeping these last few months. The supermodel revealed on Instagram on Friday night that she is pregnant with her second child. "Christmas came early," she captioned her post.Yes, that means she walked the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show in Shanghai last month while pregnant. But Swanepoel certainly had everyone fooled, as her fans praised her fit post-baby figure. The VS Angel welcomed her first child, a son named Anaca in October of 2016, with her fiance, model Hermann Nicoli. Swanepoel is not the first Angel to hit the Victoria's Secret runway with child—last year Irina Shayk famously debuted her bump at the show in Paris. Alessandra Ambrosio also walked the lingerie extravaganza while pregnant in years past. The South African beauty skipped last year's show in Paris which took place just a month after the birth of her son. This year was Swanepoel's 10th anniversary show, and she made quite the comeback, opening the Shanghai show. Aside from walking the runway in her underwear, the Angel was not shy about bearing her midriff prior to her baby announcement. For the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show official viewing party in New York on November 28th the blonde bombshell rocked a see-through look, with a bra and matching jacket showing off her abs. She sure fooled us all.From: Harper's BAZAAR US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Christmas-eve delivery guaranteed.  Today is Free Shipping Day. Yes, an entire day dedicated to free shipping—so you can finish up all the last minute holiday shopping we know you haven’t done. The national shopping holiday began 10 years ago as a way for retailers to continue selling products later into December. The guarantee was that customers would receive their shipments by Christmas-eve. Now, over 900 brands—both large and small—are participating in the event. Even a few of your favorite brands that *never* have free shipping (sigh) are featured. Ahead, a curated selection of fashion and beauty products to buy while the shipping is free.Nordstrom, $75 BUY ITNordstrom, $79BUY ITNordstrom, $124.95BUY ITGucci, $550 BUY ITToo Faced, $49BUY ITBloomingdale's, $109BUY ITNordstrom, $29.40 (was $49)BUY ITAldo, $90 BUY ITPeter Thomas Roth, $52BUY ITBluemercury, $27BUY ITe.l.f. cosmetics, $12BUY ITRalph Lauren, $79.99 (was $110)BUY ITSperry, $99.95BUY ITFirst-Aid Beauty, $20BUY ITNordstrom, $25BUY ITNordstrom, $178.95 BUY ITStila Cosmetics, $22BUY ITTarget, $9.79BUY ITOld Navy, $18BUY ITWhite House Black Market, $130BUY IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Wear for two business weeks straight, wash, and repeat. How do you spot a MRA AKA men's rights activist? Don't worry—he'll tell you when he sees you wearing a top with a slogan that supports equal rights for all people (not that he gets it). To further infuriate Basement Brad and "Nice Guy" Nick—and support several worthy causes neither dude has ever heard of—shop the 10 proudly feminist T-shirts ahead. Tee Fashion, $22BUY ITGo for the jugular.Madewell x Monogram, $65BUY ITA cool T-shirt brand and a cool ready-to-wear brand made a limited-edition baby that is literally all about girls. Nice!Mesh Studio, $37BUY ITThe phrase, when referencing a face-planting cat or something, might be hackneyed, but not here.Shrill Society, $25BUY IT<333, especially given that 50 percent of proceeds go to Planned Parenthood.Bando, $43BUY ITSoon, there won't be anyone left in Hollywood but strong female leads, bless.Feminist Apparel, $30BUY ITHere's to the day women can walk down the street unbothered, which is still such a novel idea it's crazy! A portion of the proceeds support Hollaback.Mixed Greens, $35BUY ITHi, here is Kathleen Hanna riding the Third Wave of Feminism, haha.Everlane, $22BUY ITObjectively, Everlane T-shirts are pretty swell on their own, but this version's even nicer, with $5 of each purchase going to the American Civil Liberties Union so the President won't be the only one who gets to tweet whatever he wants. Mesh Studio, $33BUY ITFounding member here.Women's March, $25BUY ITThe early-'80s Run-D.M.C. concert T-shirt of our time. Even if you didn't join an estimated 3.2 to 5.2 million people in 600 cities nationwide on January 21, buying this still supports the same cause. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Because shopping doesn't have to be risky business.It sounds cool and adult-like, but why diversify your actual stock portfolio when you can diversify your *2017 wardrobe?* Ahead, we weigh in on the buy-ability of 12 trends, just like those analysts who work for a certain "fake news" organization. Shop similar: Daisy, $425BUY ITDid you know that the unofficial uniform of cool girls everywhere is a square-neck minidress, probably ruched around the shoulders and sleeves? (Tops too.) Now you do. Buy-ability index: 9/10, as it's a flattering shape you might not already own lots ofStaud, $250BUY ITAs one of the easier easy ways to dress better in 2018, the less practical but significantly chicer top-handle bag has Scar-ed cross-bodies off the cliff face. But you have to ask yourself: Are you really king now if you have to then carry a second bag, if you would like to have more belongings than your phone, wallet, keys, lighter, subway card, sunglasses, and several balled-up receipts? Buy-ability index: 10/10, because for any shortcomings, they still look really goodShop similar: Durango, $119BUY ITAs we saw at the spring shows—on the runways and off them—cowboy boots are back in a big way, and not just because your feet have grown a bunch of sizes since you last wore them. And this time, they're pretty much as they've always been, except maybe a bit shinier and more expensive—and accompanied by more Western references, such as cow print and those button-downs with the contrast pockets.Buy-ability index: 9/10, mostly because you've always missed the pair you had as a kidShop similar: Saloni, $595BUY ITFrom the same marketing department as millennial pink comes "Gen-Z Yellow," which is just yellow with spit-polish spin. But rebranding can do wonders for anything, pretty much, so expect GZY to rise up alongside Red, its friend who didn't go to business school.Buy-ability index: 9/10 (It's a color, my guy) Oh no yes, Kim is not the only one trying to make the fashion bike short happen—there have been other sightings of knee-length spandex reported. Buy-ability index: 9/10 if you actually bike and need a new pair, 1/10 if you are marking "Other" Shop similar: Liudmila, $785BUY ITIt won't feel wrong yet to keep wearing the woven or poppy suede ones you clomped around in all summer—as some of are right now on a fluke 60-degree day—but the new mules are more ostentatious than before, with fur trimming and brooches and their own personal tassel pulls. Yes, it can be a lot of look, but just like those Miu Miu chandelier slides get old, the right pair, even years from now, can hearken back to a specific, fabulous moment in time.Buy-ability index: 7/10I mean, duh. But less duh, we're seeing new and creative variations on the most obvious print, from doublewide to ultra thin to super-sequined to amusingly Oasis-y, zipper and all. So don't buy a T-shirt; buy the special-est stripes you can afford. Buy-ability index: 10/10 if the newness comes more from fabric or color, 9/10 if weird shapePractically nobody wears stilettos anymore, but that doesn't mean we can't get a height boost elsewhere. Enter the platform, now more sculptural and *extra* than ever. Be on the lookout for a rainbow heel.Buy-ability index: 6/10 (would be higher if less memorable)The Golden Globes settled it: Pink, as the chosen color of cool/strong/independent millennials everywhere, is here to stay. And while it has been on the rise for a while now, signs point to it becoming more of a movement than a fad. Plus nobody looks bad in it.Buy-ability index: 9/10Shop some primo pink buys hereBig sleeves: still huge. Big shoulders: even huger. Like airbags or built-in pool floaties, outward-extending shirts say "Here I am, darkening the saloon doorway like John Wayne before a shootout." Buy-ability index: 9/10 if you're trendy, 6.5/10 if you weren't into the Rachel Comey jeans, 11/10 if you're a nasty womanShop similar: Monse, $1,490BUY ITButton-downs on acid. No more Mr. Finance Guy. Buy-ability index: 9/10, but lower than that if you're keen to DIYThanks to your boy Alessandro Michele, fluttery strips of fabric stiff will soon overtake the world, and not just as a decoration for your striped shirt. Stiff or, um, flaccid? Up to you.Buy-ability index: 8/10 for the highly recognizable H&M top kind, 5/10 for the wedding-cake kind		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			There's more to diamonds than meets the eye!Have you ever wondered why engagement rings are worn on the 4th finger on the left hand? Or how the diamond became the go-to gem to celebrate love and all of life’s other big moments?If you have a super inquisitive mind like us, then you probably have. Thankfully, we’ve broken down the most need-to-know facts about your engagement ring, like the crazy news that diamonds are becoming increasingly rare 😱 (making them even more special!). So the next time you’re admiring your rock—or just pining over which one you'd love to own—remember how exceptional a diamond truly is. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Why limit your opportunities to wear something one-of-a-kind? There’s a reason why diamonds are a girl’s best friend. Just like your BFF, these special bijoux are lucky charms that are truly one-of-a-kind. Not only a worthwhile investment, they add an aura of confidence and power that can help you #slayallday (and feel all-around fantastic). And contrary to what your Grandma might think, diamonds CAN work any time of day or night—and are even cooler when paired with your athleisure. Here, see why your diamonds should never be stowed away.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Me at 9 p.m.: Actually on my way, as I said I would be. Even if you only have two friends, the rest of the year will be crazy, no doubt about it. But even through such madness, you can still look good with the holiday-party two-step, which is not a long-lost dance, but another way of saying "one thing, another thing, make pretty, FAST." See seven of those duos ahead, just in time for this three-parties-that-aren't-even-near-each-other weekend. Altuzarra, $171BUY ITJ.Crew, $24.50BUY ITCharlotte Chesnais, $215BUY ITEyeko, $22BUY ITKiko, $13BUY ITGlossier, $22BUY ITH&M;, $80BUY ITUrban Decay, $20BUY ITTopshop, $75BUY ITKhaite, $1,690BUY ITMango, $80BUY ITMango, $80BUY ITMiu Miu, $534BUY ITJin Soon, $18BUY IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			These looks are 💯. (We see you, Selena.) Since 1989 the British Fashion Awards have honored brands and individuals throughout the globe who have made their mark on the fashion industry, and naturally this year all of your favorite celebs showed up. From Selena Gomez to Karlie Kloss, take a peek at the best-dressed celebs and models who graced the red carpet in London. In CoachIn VersaceIn Stella McCartney Resort 2018In Giambattista ValliIn Vivienne Westwood CoutureIn Versace Spring 2018 RTWIn Alexa Chung In Azzedine Alaïa Fall 2017 CoutureIn Brandon Maxwell Spring 2018 RTWIn Ralph & RussoIn BurberryIn VersaceIn a black and gold-accented gownIn TopshopIn Vivetta Fall 2017 RTWIn Atelier VersaceIn Julien Macdonald Fall 2017 RTWIn Vivienne Westwood Couture		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			And try to buy one before the site 404s. Meghan Markle has only gone outside twice (officially, as Prince Harry's betrothed), but she's already proven she's got the same pull as fellow style icons Kate Middleton and Prince "I'm Dropping Out" George. Empirical evidence of the Markle Effect: The businesslike Strathberry tote she carried to look appreciatively at people's cards sold out in 11 minutes. If you, like a lot of royal watchers, were like "Strath-a-whatta?" on Friday, here's an introduction to the brand—before it becomes a household name. Unlike the Firm into which Markle is marrying, Strathberry is comparatively young, having only been around since 2013. The Edinburgh-based house's goods—"defined by clean lines and the signature bar closure"—are produced in Spain, where it takes "up to 20 hours" to handcraft one bag. Paired with a Mackage coat, the whole look links her past (Canada, where she lived to film Suits) and future (the U.K., which, let's not forget, isn't just England). Strathberry, $675BUY ITPlenty of stuff! How about this small pink guy that has a top handle and shoulder strap you can switch between, depending on how many other things you're dropping holding securely in your hands? Strathberry, $310BUY ITOr this backpack, which is probably just as cute as the baby one Prince George carries when he made to go to the place he's already fed up with? Strathberry, $565BUY ITOr maybe this oversize tote that would be great for travel and/or smuggling out one of the Queen's corgis, who already like Meghan better than Harry? Strathberry, $855BUY ITWith a coup as significant as a Markle-size placement, Strathberry has positioned itself to grow its celebrity headcount to Taylor Swift Squad numbers (pre-Balkanization). But even before that, the brand already has a none-too-shabby following, including Jamie Chung, Olivia Culpo, and Ellen DeGeneres and/or Portia de Rossi (it's kind of hard to tell).  @jamiejchung carries The Strathberry Nano Tote in Burgundy at #nyfw  #Strathberry #burgundy #moniquelhuillierA post shared by  Strathberry (@strathberry) on Sep 16, 2016 at 9:34am PDT @oliviaculpo carries The Strathberry Nano Tote in Pearl GreyA post shared by  Strathberry (@strathberry) on Sep 1, 2016 at 9:21am PDT Little Black Bag makes it to the Big White House - delighted to see The Strathberry Nano Tote with @theellenshow and @portiaderossi for the #PresidentialMedalOfFreedom #Ceremony #WhiteHouse #PortiaDeRossi #EllenDeGeneres #Congratulations #StrathberryA post shared by  Strathberry (@strathberry) on Nov 23, 2016 at 5:06am PST TBT to The Championships, Wimbledon, where we were so happy to see @Portiaderossi carrying The Strathberry Midi Tote in Pearl Grey alongside Ellen. #TBT #Wimbledon #portiaderossi #ellendegeneres #luxury If the product you are looking for is not available, please click 'email me when available' to be notified as soon as it is restocked.A post shared by  Strathberry (@strathberry) on Jul 14, 2016 at 8:57am PDT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Enough to make the homebody-est among us want to go out. What do you most need right now? A growler of coffee? A nap from which you wake in 2020? Or how about a new pair of snazzy flower-paillette shoulder-dusters? Collaborating with Baublebar, Marie Claire's own Zanna Roberts Rassi today releases a limited-edition range of statement earrings that just might lift your mood—without dire health/social/economical consequences. (They run from $32–$48 and contain no caffeine.) "There," you say as you and some multicolor fringe hoops proceed to checkout. "Doesn't that feel better?" Baublebar, $36BUY ITBaublebar, $38BUY ITBaublebar, $42BUY ITBaublebar, $48BUY ITBaublebar, $34BUY ITBaublebar, $34BUY ITBaublebar, $42BUY ITBaublebar, $36BUY ITBaublebar, $42BUY ITBaublebar, $38BUY ITBaublebar, $32BUY ITBaublebarBUY ITBaublebar, $36BUY ITBaublebar, $38BUY ITBaublebar, $38BUY ITBaublebar, $38BUY ITBaublebar, $38BUY ITBaublebar, $36BUY ITBaublebar, $38BUY IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"I love pasta and being greased up in olive oil..."Day 3 of LOVE's advent calendar is every bit as brilliant as Day 2's Ashley Graham video. In the latest instalment, Emily Ratajkowski takes the opportunity to writhe around in spaghetti, getting up close and personal with her carbs. Wearing just her underwear, and a pair of wool mittens, she makes a pretty big mess while attempting to "eat spaghetti gracefully," but most viewers will agree that it was definitely worth attempting. The video ends with a quote from Ratajkowski saying, "I love pasta and being greased up in olive oil more than life itself." Watch the full video now:From: ELLE US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Meghan carried the brand's midi-tote on her first official engagement in Nottingham.The Meghan Markle effect is in full swing. After her white coat sparked an internet surge earlier this week, the handbag that the former Suits star carried on her first official engagement with Prince Harry has immediately gained a lot of attention.The future royal teamed her navy coat from Canadian brand Mackage with a bag from Edinburgh-based label Strathberry for her first royal walkabout in Nottingham on Friday. The £495 midi-tote is available in a variety of colours, but Meghan's burgundy, navy and vanilla version sold out within 11 minutes, the brand told ELLE UK. In a statement, a Strathberry representative said the company was "thrilled" that Prince Harry's fiancée picked one of its designs. The brand has confirmed that it will be restocking the sought-after bag in the new year."We are delighted at the news of Meghan and Prince Harry's engagement and wish them all the best for this exciting period. It was a fantastic surprise to see that Meghan selected one of our core Strathberry styles to carry on her first royal engagement."The independently owned label prides itself on quality craftsmanship. The bags, which start at £225, can take up to 20 hours to make and are stocked in luxury department stores around the world.Just like with the "Kate-effect," people have been desperate to match Meghan, which has already increased sales for a number of other brands. The coat she wore to the engagement photocall sold out at Canadian label Line The Label on Monday, and her nude heels from Aquazzura also sold out on several sites.From: ELLE UK		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			We talk hits and flops ahead of the release of his feature-length documentary. One does not simply walk into Steven Madden HQ—at least not without being spun right round, baby. Up and down multiple floors of buyers, staffers, and cater-waiters serving shot glasses of tomato soup. Through brand-segregated rooms flanked by shelves of pearl-buckled, beefy-soled shoes. Past heaps of people and product, all held in orbit by one planetary force. *The* Steve Madden. In advance of Maddman: The Steve Madden Story's digital release—a cozy bio-doc that unflinchingly addresses substance abuse, serving time, and yes, his "dorky" portrayal in the Wolf of Wall Street—we sat down with its eponymous subject for more of the same brawny candor he displays onscreen. "More now, actually. I suppose there were moments then, but really, now. I have this wonderful company, and I have these amazing people whom I taught the business, and they're better than me. The pupils are better than the teacher. And as the teacher and the builder, I have to figure out another way that I can add value to my company. So now, because I'm an entrepreneur, maybe there's nothing I can do anymore. Maybe I should just quit—I have thought that. But then I have incredible days where I feel valuable.""It's passion, work ethic, and knowing what's important—and the work ethic is the third of those three. It used to be first, but I've modified that, because I know certain people who work very hard but are dopey, but I give them points for working hard. I admire young people—they get certain things. But showing up is the most important thing. It's a combination of respecting their peers and respecting their elders but not in a false way, like 'Let me learn from this dude.' I don't have anybody left to learn from, because now, I'm the old guy. I used to be the young cat, and I used to learn from everybody. Now I'm the mentor. There's so much wisdom you get just by being around.""I can actually tell my spiritual condition based on how I feel about Kim Kardashian. I can gauge it. I know I'm in a good place if I don't mind Kim that day.""That little pop song? I loved it. It's not like Sgt. Pepper's or Mozart, but it's just such a great song. Very clever. That's what we're trying to do: 'I'm the One.' I have a feeling it's the same thing. Most of the time I would say [I know when a shoe will become a hit]. Sometimes it's a surprise, but most of the time, you know.""I'm mostly angry that there's this bakery, Maison Kayser, they don't have rye bread. They have lemon rye. They won't make a regular rye bread! They have to make it with lemon, it's inedible! And that makes me angry. But other than that, I am so not angry, and I'm glad for all the bumps and humps I've had. I mean, I wish my brother was still here, but other than that, I have no regrets. Everything I did, I was able to learn from. I made a lot of mistakes—I'm not saying I didn't. It's just a waste of energy to regret anything."		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Not quite "wear pants!" but almost.As we look back on the past 11 months, we ask ourselves "how much progress have I made since January 1?" Then we laugh, because the answer is likely "I feel so attacked right now." (Unless you have done something, in which case, nice.) But it's not too late to make up for lost time as the sand starts trickling down the hourglass two grains at a time—at least not in the style department. Here, five small ways to dress better in 2018, because you can still look good when everything feels bad. Quick, before the doctors who don't want you to know get me: A well-made, well-fitting coat will make 80 percent of your fashion problems disappear, mostly because it's like a tarp you can keep on even indoors, rendering invisible most missteps in fit or taste. Exploded soy sauce all over your cream angora sweater (it was a tribute to Nicholas Hoult in A Single Man)? Put a coat on it. Said f*ck it and had a calzone for lunch, and now your pants need to be unbuttoned? Who cares—that's a Céline shearling hiding my bloat, pal. I am still seeing this, which is fine. But it'd be a lot cooler if we didn't and got bags that are top-handle and/or didn't slap the lower hip. Because you get that retro sensibility and strength of shape you see very much in these newfangled squishy buckets. A sparkly drawstring pouch is fun for evening, but for real life, when the clothes themselves are slouchier, some structure elsewhere is nice. 1. Vanina, $620 BUY IT2. Sun Jellies, $18 BUY IT3. Elizabeth & James, $345 BUY IT4. J.Crew, $138 BUY IT5. Mango, $60 BUY ITOnce upon a time, I didn't even like wearing big earrings with sunglasses, because, with my commuting headphones on, too much visual interest was concentrated around my head. (I know.) I, and fashion, have gotten over that, so if you too have had a similar aversion, feel free to crowd a lot of sparkly things near your face. Then add oversize aviator glasses and blue eyeshadow.  For this illustration, artist @ignasimonreal places a crystal headband from #GucciGift on the @dapperdanharlem homage look from #GucciCruise18—a plush jacket with puffy sleeves monogrammed in GG motif. Discover more through link in bio. #AlessandroMicheleA post shared by  Gucci (@gucci) on Nov 21, 2017 at 12:31pm PSTIn the recent past, a lot of us were locked in a stupid battle with one another to see who could wash their hair the least and wear the plainest, most boring clothes with only the width of our sleeve rolls for distinction. Now, trying is in again, or rather, not being afraid to look as if you've thought about your outfit. Match stuff. Really consider your accessories (a good zone-out activity). Lay outfits out on your bed, even if you've done that the whole time (in secret) with solid sweaters and selvedge jeans. Caring is cool.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"WHY DID THEY INCLUDE XI'S FALL BUT NOT ARIANA'S ICONIC HEAD-STUMP." If you stalk all the VS Fashion Show happenings, you probably knew before the show aired on Tuesday night that model Ming Xi would take a tumble on the runway.But what the world/Twitter wasn't prepared for was whether the edited-for-TV version of the show—the live event took place November 20—would include her graceful fall or not. After all, the infamous collision between Elsa Hosk's furry wing and Ariana Grande's head from the 2014 VS show didn't make the final cut that year. But gasp! Ming's fall in its entirety, complete with the heartbreaking behind-the-scenes footage afterward, was indeed televised for the world to see, and Twitter was NOT happy about it. But you know what? Ming is a pro, and she finished that catwalk with more grace than I or you will ever have. This supportive Twitter user below said it best:From: Cosmopolitan US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Bench your LBD for now, and bring in a new player that sinks the surprise three-pointer. For most of us, getting dressed is rotating the same few combinations over and over, with enough time in between so nobody will go, "Ew, didn't you just wear that?" (That's what washing machines are for.) But what if there was another way that didn't involve cross-referencing Facebook event guest lists to remember if Tonya saw you in your garnet Vampire's Wife? Ahead, we propose 12 ingenious outfit ideas to help you and your limited supply of party dresses navigate the holiday social circuit with ease. Chloé, $1,505BUY ITI, too, am surprised. But this is not a bad way to acknowledge the official color scheme of the season™ without looking like you're about to embark on a journey to find your human father before saving Christmas. If this is still too much, the same outfit would work just as well with a denim jumpsuit. Shop similar: ASOS, $95BUY ITWith a fancier bottom, a plush sweater can go from the pile on the floor to the office to the couch to the party back to the couch to the foot of the bed. Hanes x Karla, $30BUY ITRemember what we just said? The same idea works just as well, if not better, with cotton, the fabric of our lives, and in monochrome. Shop similar: Mark Cross, $2,195BUY ITWhich is pretty much winter white your way but with a Burberry tag on the coat and some interesting play between warm- and cool- toned accessories.And to conclude our Winter White series, here is Gigi Hadid in an elegant hodgepodge of loose, pale things, which is about as comfortable as you can get when it comes to party dressing. Pro tip: These could be pajamas, if they're nice/clean enough.Shop similar: Frankie, $289BUY ITKate B.'s is Coach, but it's easy enough cobbling together a similar suit from shops that do prices with decimal points versus commas. Velvet, as always, would be another nice option.Shop similar: ASOS, $48BUY ITFor get-togethers that are a bit more active, shall we say, than canapés and the Hallmark Channel playing on low volume, go all out in lamé—silver or gold are fun, but not as unusual as lilac or baby blue. Shop similar: Prada, $210BUY ITYou know you've always wanted to try them, and Yara Shahidi's just given you a cool, not costume-y lead to follow.And while we're on the topic of cool young people, Rowan Blanchard reminds us of the power of a nice top and jeans, which comes from the Old Testament of party dressing. But while we might've gone for something sequined and polyester in the olden days, we've now graduated to Victorian blouses and shirts with sleeves the circumference of a Parmesan wheel. Take the day's Canadian tuxedo, change shoes (afraid you must do a heel for this to work), apply lipstick, okay, let's leave. Emma Stone's outfit didn't begin life as a dress. Nuh uh—as seen here, it was originally a vest that then took some HGG. So while this story is about avoiding another round of party-dress musical chairs, you can Disrupt the System simply by layering a long-line vest (in the same color) or robe (done up). Or you could spray Miracle-Gro on a blazer and hope for the best, your call.Shop similar: Zara, $40BUY ITLastly, there's no shame in re-wearing something that works for you—with some reinvention, in the form of a stole slung over your shoulder. It's the sartorial equivalent of "We need a distraction," and it works, every time. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			There can only be one.Live from this Monday-est Monday, it's Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's long-awaited engagement [vuvuzelas sound, but not in an annoying way]! We'll have a while yet to let the anticipation keep building, but it's not too soon to start monetizing this by betting on whose sketch (come to life) Markle will wear that historic spring day. Here, seven possible wedding-dress designers who could get the job done with all the pomp, circumstance, and personal style she deserves. It could happen, given that we've got Pippa (back to her in a sec) to act as a buffer against the expected "Kate did it first"-ism. But even as a nod to her sister-in-law—and even if creative director Sarah Burton did lend her considerable design and construction talents to creating a whole different vibe (which she absolutely would)—would Meghan Markle really pass up on the chance to try something new?We run into the same predicament with Deacon, who has said that he'd be "more than delighted" to outfit Markle when she becomes an official Royal Person. Deacon's been vetted, but they'd probably want more breathing room between. Now onto the relative newcomers, beginning with Turkish-Canadian designer Erdem Moralioglu. His star hasn't stopped rising, with a successful H&M collaboration and loads of primo celebrity placements under his belt, so this could be another achievement to add to his CV. Other pluses: He's based in London, and his brand of lush romanticism (not too sexy) would set a youthful, yet distinguished, tone for the couple's legacy.   Practically every other evening dress Kate Middleton wears is by her, but will this be Packham's chance to grab a headlining role in the Great British Monarchy Fashion Show? With her flattering shapes and judicious use of embellishment, she could very well be just the right fit for someone who prefers clean shapes but hails from Hollywood razzle-dazzle. What she's got going for her: a long list of society ladies (+1) who flock to her for tailoring (+1) and stately, elongating eveningwear (+74). What might give them pause: Until 2012, Wickstead's business was exclusively made-to-order (+1, actually), so you don't get as much of that sense of history. Though judging by the vibe she's given off so far, maybe a breath of fresh air is exactly what Markle wants.A similar story with similar pros and cons, though also with an artier, more architectural flavor to the clothes. And that could be just the ticket for Markle, who has said she's an acolyte of Emmanuelle Alt, who wouldn't be caught dead in a ruffly cupcake gown. To end, we throw this not-so-wildcard into the mix. First, as she's proven time and time again, Victoria Beckham is no "celebrity designer"—she's got legit fashion chops. Second, VB's clean, unfussy aesthetic aligns well with MM's, perhaps better than any others on our shortlist. And third, if this whole affair is meant to be low-key, why not take the opportunity to be truest to oneself instead of projecting an image others expect of you? Easier said than done, but we're rooting for you, Markle. We're all rooting for you. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Make room on the best-dressed list.Sure, we can always count on the Nicoles and Juliannes in the Hollywood stratosphere to bring the McQueen and custom Prada (bless), but what might be even more interesting are the ones coming up—the ones who are on their way to having enough fashion clout for their stylists to hold onto whatever samples they want, because that's how the game is played. Ahead, see five rising sartorial stars from which we expect very big things.Let's see...super striking: check. French: check. In with the house of Chanel: check (she's wearing it here to the premiere of Guardians of the Galaxy Vol.2., in which she plays a green alien). Throw in the formidable skills of stylist Petra Flannery, and you've got exactly the ingredients for one (1) piping-hot style star. In AltuzarraShop similar: Altuzarra, $1,079BUY ITIn ChanelShop similar: Chanel, $1,665BUY ITYou might know her from the Netflix series Gypsy or The Blackcoat's Daughter or Sing Street. Or you might just be like, "Wait. How did I not know Sienna Miller has short hair again?" We can't fault you too much for that mistake, as she does show a similar sort of Miller-ian nonchalance in dressing, which often includes wares from the likes of Chloé, Valentino, and Prada. Never a bad thing. Chloé, $4,250BUY ITIn ErdemIn PradaPrada, $655BUY ITOne time, I accidentally watched a whole Disney Channel movie starring Carson as Cinderella in a blonde wig aboard a cruise ship. It was wild, but her star power even shined through there, which means that it makes sense she'd also be sitting front-row at Galliano and pulling off major gowns with aplomb. In Monique LhuillierIn Elie SaabShop similar: Reformation, $218BUY ITAh, to be 15 and promoting your mega-hit show wearing Alexander Wang. But while one could argue that being chic at such a young age is easy when you're part of the cast of Stranger Things 2, one could counter-argue that restraint in the face of access is rarer still.Alexander Wang, $695BUY ITIn Stella McCartneyShop similar: Topshop, $100BUY ITIn PradaSurprise—not. While there's no doubt ya girl MBB is already a bona fide fashion star—she's in Louis Vuitton, for crying out loud—the headline technically says "ones to keep an eye on." And with the "she's growing up in front of our eyes" and "13-year-olds then vs. now" bullshit going on, how she presents herself to the world will be more interesting than ever. Never change for the haters, Millie. Because you shouldn't have to. In RodarteShop similar: Velvet, $229BUY ITIn Calvin Klein by Appointment		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			If you love something, let it go until it comes back a few years later.While things went decidedly belly-up in pretty much every other arena, at least we had nice clothes in 2017. But as all good things must end to make room for even better things, here are 10 trends we expect you can fondly say so long, farewell, auf wiedersehen, goodbye to—until next time. In 2016, Taylor Swift wondered if the choker was going the way of the flower crown. Things got pretty quiet for homegirl after that (before they became explosively loud around her record release), so people continued to constrict their necks with bits of ribbon and shoelaces. But not for much longer, as evidenced by the choker's crossover into memes featuring neck braces. It's time."In" Alternative: Honestly, you're better off still focusing on earrings.Much as this shape flatters the neck and shoulders, the time has come to unglue your arms from your sides. This is not personal—it is just a case of "we went really hard on this one, so now it's time to give it a rest.""In" Alternative: The single shoulder is still cool, though you might want to start working on your obliques, as the single exposed side-ab is coming up in in the fashion world.According to a buyer at a major e-commerce site, festival-goers will simply not let their fringy halter tops and fringier crotch-length miniskirts go. This was pre-Coachella 2017, but what now? We'd like to hope that it's lights out for this one, because it's just such a trope, but the people decide, when it comes down to it."In" Alternative: Fringe, when not suede nor complicit in an act of cultural appropriation, is perfectly nice. This was fun for a while, but Kim Kardashian did it a lot, which then meant Instagram models and high-street stores followed suit. The belt variety will be first to go, followed, slowly, by dresses with built-in ties, because that's still kind of a novelty in a romance-novel kind of way."In" Alternative: The belts that come with your coats, actually, or a good brown leather one to hold up your wide, cuffed denim. Shop similar: Daisy, $345BUY ITThe drawstring genus of bucket bags: Put in shallow (versus deep) storage, to be brought out for gigs or travel. The more structured, top-handle genus: Good for a while yet, though you might want to explore other shapes, either perfectly round (that would be a circle) or much more angular. "In" Alternative: We just said it.Simon Miller, $590BUY ITIn other bucket-related news, the resurgence of Kangols and their ilk seem to be more of a flash in the pan that will live to flash another day. But not next year, probably."In" Alternative: You can keep wearing your baker boys and berets. Shop similar: Brixton, $44BUY ITThe tiny backpack had the two main factors required to make a comeback: nostalgia and enough distance for young people to be like, "Hey, I'm too young to have done that the first time around." And once again, according to the circle of life, the charm is starting to wear off."In" Alternative: Well, you could do a backpack with regular dimensions.Shop similar: Want Les Essentiels, $495BUY ITAgain, nothing against 'em, objectively—they've just run their course for the time being. "In" Alternative: The outerwear mood has shifted to sharper, more tailored shapes, such as the trench or oversize tweed blazer. Shop similar: Topshop, $150BUY ITA true fad that's got maybe one more festival season left in it before it runs out of gas in the middle of the desert in approximately October 2018."In" Alternative: You're better off getting something with a handle and structure, as discussed earlier. Shop similar: Clare V., $345BUY ITThe photo says it all."In" Alternative: Not branding short jump/boiler suits "RompHims."		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Time for some gift-giving inspiration. Stuck in a gift-giving rut? It's time to shake things up. Here 18 of the coolest women around—executives, entrepreneurs, and influencers—share their must-have items and what's on their list this year. *Writes everything down.*Co-founder and CEO, HavenlyLunya, $250BUY ITWhat she’s giving: “A lovely and comfy Lunya robe for my mom. She deserves some beautiful and comfortable loungewear.”What she wants: “In the mornings when I'm busy—which is often—it's tough to make it to the gym, so I want to bring those spin classes home with a Peloton.” How she’ll treat herself: “A trip to the beach in Punta Mita.” Her holiday hack: “Whenever I hear someone say they want something, I add it to a running list on my phone throughout the year. This helps avoid the last minute, ‘What did they say they liked, again?!’” The gift that never fails: “I stock up on some of my favorite California reds—ones that aren't extremely well known or expensive, but really beautiful wines—and I typically bring that as a gift to holiday parties.”Founder, Zero + Maria CornejoWhat she’s giving: “If you know someone has a special connection to a certain cause, it’s a really touching gesture to donate to a charity in someone’s name as a gift. I’ll be making gifted donations to Every Mother Counts, UNICEF, Human Rights Watch, and Refugee Point.” Eastpak, $46BUY ITWhat she wants: “I need a new backpack to carry around all my sketches and computer when I walk or bike across the Brooklyn Bridge. I’m eyeing an Eastpak style.” Vira Vira, price available upon requestBOOK ITHow she’ll treat herself: “I’ll be heading to Chile with my husband Mark to stay at the Vira Vira hotel in Pucón.” Her holiday hack: “When I’m out super late multiple nights in a row, I’ll take an Iburofen at night—and drink a lot of coconut water the next morning to help with any lingering hangovers.” The gift that never fails: "Bath salts and oils from Red Flower."Actress and Co-founder, EBYEBY, $48BUY ITWhat she’s giving: “This year every woman I know is getting a subscription to EBY, my new seamless underwear subscription company. You get products all year long and 10% of the sales fund microfinance loans for women around the world to start their own businesses.” What she wants: “The Tesla Solar Roof looks cool.” How she’ll treat herself: “A beach holiday!” Her holiday hack: “I shop early so I don't have to deal with the holiday crowds. I am usually done with most of the gifts long before Thanksgiving. I also buy as much online as I can. Any chance I have waiting around on set I spend looking at things online.” The gift that never fails: “No matter how many handbags women have, they always love getting a new one.”Partner, Trinity Ventures and Manager, Priyanka ChopraCartier, $4,800BUY ITWhat she’s giving: “I received a gorgeous HoliChic necklace which says ‘peace’ in Sanskrit. I got a bunch of them custom made with my friends’ names in rose gold.”What she wants: “I'm in this ‘I want to walk around the city in comfort’ phase so I've suddenly really gotten into sneakers. There are a few pairs by Nike and Adidas I really like right now.” How she’ll treat herself: Cartier Love Bracelet.The gift that never fails: “Anything from Thrive Causemetics.”Founder, OliviaPalermo.comVianel, $110BUY ITWhat she’s giving: “I truly can’t live without backup chargers and V. Backup packs by VIANEL are so chic.” What she wants: “An Elie Saab fur coat!” How she’ll treat herself: “I always buy myself a few Moncler pieces for the season.” Her holiday hack: “Shop throughout the year. When you find something good, save it and there will be less to do when the holiday season is approaching. And, when in doubt, ask mom. Mom usually has the best tips.” The gift that never fails: “An amazing Assouline book.”Product Management Director, Google AssistantLouis Vuitton, $2,450BUY ITWhat she’s giving: “I’m an only child but married into a giant family. For the kids, I like to give gifts that I think will help drive their passion or strength in STEM.  For babies and toddlers, I'm a huge fan of Legos. For older kids, I like giving STEM kits—this year I'm going to give a few STEM Box or Tinker Crate subscriptions."What she wants: “A Louis Vuitton Tambour Horizon Smartwatch is one of the few luxury smartwatches that fits my style, will help me track health and fitness and will notify me of my daily activities.” How she’ll treat herself: “I’m giving myself the gift of time. Between work and family, it’s impossible to find downtime. I love a great spa and a few hours to decompress.” Her holiday hack: “Start shopping for the next year’s holidays on December 26th. I’ve gotten into the habit of getting inspiration for gifts while at work or on family trips and use the shopping list on my Google Assistant.” The gift that never fails: “A good bottle of wine.”Founder and CEO, Moon JuiceOutdoor Voices, $85BUY ITAgnes Baddoo, $450 BUY ITWhat she wants: “I wear Outdoor Voices’ Strata Silverstone Bodysuit to work with sweaters, to play with my son, and, if I’m lucky, to actually work out. And Agnes Baddoo’s SAC 1 bag is a must for travel.”Amazon, $18BUY ITWhat she’s giving: “Paul Hawken’s book Drawdown ($22; drawdown. org). He makes a hopeful display of how we can reverse climate change.”Ziip, $495BUY ITHow she’ll treat herself: “I’ve had a facial with a microcurrent device, and my brows were lifted so dramatically that I felt like I had slept for days. I need the nanocurrent home version by Ziip.” Her holiday hack: “I don’t let other people’s expectations overwhelm me. I do what feels fun, festive, and loving—and don’t have guilt about it.” Etsy, $5BUY ITThe gift that never fails: “Japanese tenugui dish towels.”President, TriStar Pictures Beautycounter, $48 BUY ITWhat she’s giving: “I’m currently obsessed with Beautycounter’s Countermatch Adaptive Moisture Lotion.” Irene Neuwirth, $3,850BUY ITWhat she wants: “Any Irene Neuwirth jewelry. I love her feminine style and use of color to create unique pieces.” How she’ll treat herself: “A girls’ trip with my best friends from college.” Her holiday hack: “In a four-week period, our family celebrates both of our daughters’ birthdays, Thanksgiving, and Christmas—so I start making lists and planning parties in August.” Le Labo, $75BUY ITThe gift that never fails: “Personalized candles from Le Labo that let you print the recipient’s name and a message on the label.”CMO, Diamond Producers Association Oliver Valverde, $131 BUY ITWhat she’s giving: “I discovered a range of fragrances by Spanish perfumer Oliver Valverde. His M.O.U.S.S.E perfume combines oak moss, lime, sandalwood, white musk, lavender, and clove—and the packaging has beautiful botanical illustrations.” Todd Pownell, $2,120BUY ITTemple St. Clair, $5,400BUY ITWhat she wants: “Vintage Cartier cannot be beat. A Todd Pownell floating-diamond necklace and a Temple St. Clair gold-and-pavé serpent ring are some long-standing items on my secret wish list. And I’m dying for a yellow-gold, bezel-set, east-west set, emerald-cut diamond ring for my right hand. Erika Winters makes one, but it’s not set east-west, so the hunt is still on.” How she’ll treat herself: “One-third of U.S. diamond-jewelry purchases are made by women, and self-purchase is the fastest-growing segment of the market. Earning power is up, women are marrying later, and fine jewelry has evolved past a place where it’s seen primarily as a gift. Plus, diamond jewelry is a meaningful and visual way to express a personal mile- stone, or an important moment or memory, and to reflect your self-confidence. Eight years ago, I bought a pair of diamond hoops with an unexpected bonus. I knew what I wanted, I waited until I found the perfect pair, and I still wear them almost every day. Honestly, there’s nothing like the feeling of putting on diamonds you’ve bought for yourself. You feel sort of invincible.” Her holiday hack: “I highly recommend playing the movie Elf while wrapping presents and drinking wine. Does that count as a hack?” Smythson, $75BUY ITThe gift that never fails: “A Smythson notebook."Founder and Creative Director, Cult Gaia What she’s giving: “Jewelry from Rebecca Pinto for girlfriends, art from Tappan for family, and Winc gift cards for everyone from colleagues to friends. Who doesn’t love wine?!”Rimowa, $550 BUY ITContax, $1,500 BUY ITWhat she wants: “I’m always traveling for work and pleasure—it’s what fuels my inspiration. Rimowa luggage is equally as durable and industrial as it is chic. And a Contax T3 35mm film camera is great to shoot personal photos.” How she’ll treat herself: “A vacation to Majorca, Spain.” Her holiday hack: “Buy throughout the year. If you’re with a loved one who mentions something they like or want, buy it then. They’ll appreciate your thoughtfulness, and you know they’ll love it!” Compartés, $10BUY ITThe gift that never fails: “Compartés chocolates are like the modern Willy Wonka. The pack- aging is so beautiful, and the flavors are even more delicious.”Creator, Founder, and CEO, Babo BotanicalsWhat she’s giving: “Crystals can be so personal for mood, calming, good energy, and just their natural beauty. I buy them at Spellbound Sky in Silver Lake, California.” Sara Silvio, $190BUY ITWhat she wants: “I love layering Sara Silvio’s Noir necklaces.” Coyuchi, $88BUY ITMahabis, $110BUY ITHow she’ll treat herself: “I always buy new sheets and slippers. I love Coyuchi organic linens and Mahabis slippers.” Her holiday hack: “I keep a gift closet all year long. If I see something I like—very personal to a friend, colleague, or family member—it goes in.” The gift that never fails: “My dad and I keep bees and harvest honey. It’s a great conversation starter!”CEO, Williams SonomaBandolier, $88BUY ITWhat she's giving: “I recently got the Bandolier phone case, and it hasn’t left my side since—literally.” What she wants: “Uninterrupted time with my family. My oldest daughter is away at college, so we make time during her break for casual nights at home baking cookies, wrapping gifts, or watching our favorite holiday movies.”Her holiday hack: “Capture inspiration throughout the year. Any time I come across an interesting new product, I write it down or take a photo.”High Camp Supply, $129 BUY ITThe gift that never fails: “High Camp Supply ships the most beautiful and fragrant gardenias from its farm in California.”Founder and CEO, Minted What she’s giving: “Paul Lowe’s ceramics. Every piece is handmade and one-of-a-kind.”Mark and Graham, $225BUY ITWhat she wants: “I’m often carrying fabric and paper samples back and forth from work, and I would love to carry them in a Brooklyn Tote from Mark and Graham, personalized with a monogram.” Marni, $1,700BUY ITHow she’ll treat herself: “This season, I’m feeling yellow as a big trend. I would love to have a Marni yellow pochette.” Her holiday hack: “I use Evernote on my phone and laptop to make present lists all year round.” Cire Trudon, $95BUY ITThe gift that never fails: “The Abdel Kader candle by Cire Trudon, a wonderful mint scent that transports you to another place and time.”CEO, SoulCycleSTEM Club, $20 per month BUY ITWhat she’s giving: “Size doesn’t matter; personalization does. It totally ranges from the STEM Club ToySubscription on Amazon (18) to 10 blowouts or workouts.” Apple, $249 BUY ITWhat she wants: “Being able to check my text and e-mail messages by looking at an Apple Watch on my wrist sounds incredibly efficient.”The Ranch Malibu, price available upon requestBOOK ITHow she’ll treat herself: “I’d love a week at The Ranch Malibu with my husband.” Her holiday hack: “I start with a written list of everyone I want to buy gifts for and then work through the list online.” The gift that never fails: “Every October, I start making an iPhoto book for the family. It usually ends up being about 50 pages, and I order 20 copies for our entire family across the world.”Founder and CEO, STORY Sugarfina, $9 BUY ITDenik, $12BUY ITClare V., $235BUY ITWhat she’s giving: “Sugarfina gummies, plus metallic-foil Denik journals and Clare V.’s mixed-metallic and black-striped clutch.” What she wants: “A vacation!” How she’ll treat herself: “Spa time at Viva Mayr in Altaussee, Austria.” Her holiday hack: “Give New Year’s gifts instead of Christmas gifts. After January 1, things are quieter, so it is a nice time for people to receive something thoughtful.” Lumio, $200 BUY ITThe gift that never fails: “Lumio’s foldable light. It’s a perfect combination of function, design, and surprise and delight.”		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Put the ugly sweater down...the incinerator.Unless your name is George or Charlotte with a noble title in front of it, leave the lace collars and reindeer appliqués to the experts. That's not to say you can't still have a jolly good Yuletide outfit, though—ahead, see 17 on-theme-but-not-*so*-on-theme ideas. Theme-adjacent—that's it.Shop similar: H&M;, $50BUY ITAt least not from any of your starchier relatives for not respecting the rules of Dressing for Dinner. (Just wait until Racist Uncle Roy sees that the slogan across your disrespectful chest is "Black Lives Matter.") To delay the big reveal—even if it's just an innocuous graphic—take a cue from Chiara here, and cover up with a blazer, a calf-length skirt, and heels.If you really do feel strongly about this, you have our permission to pull this picture of Natasha Poly up on your phone and be like, "See, Susan? And this was at a super-fancy society event too." Then let your own long top and denim do the rest of the talking. Hanes x Karla, $30BUY ITBut you don't want to make it so much of a thing, you know? A favorite of fashion editorials and fictional sex columnists, a chic way to take down a big-deal skirt is to pair it with the most utilitarian of objects: the T-shirt.Shop similar: ASOS, $95BUY ITFor a lower-key gathering (or when you just can't be bothered to expose your arms to the frigid air for the five seconds it takes to put on a different top), roll off the couch, pull a sparkly skirt on over your sweats, remove sweats, then go. Then come right back as soon as humanly possible.But you also want to stay far away from channeling Molly from Sherlock rubbing on some desperation lipstick or a random old dude sliding down your chimney under cover of night to leave you packages. One way to do this is to steer toward more muted shades of the It color, thinking cranberry over those ones that come with the holly. (Holly berries? Holly berries.) Or steer clear of red entirely in favor of jewel tones (expected, but nice) or pastels (less expected, but can totally work in an ice-princess way). Just make sure to keep your fabrics seasonal, as in velvet over linen.   Give it up for Dame Helen Mirren, reminding us here that it is also the season of plenty, which means it is also the season of being extra. Fur? MORE, if faux. Blue tones? YES. Texture? ALL OF THEM. And makeup and earrings and trimmings to the max. The sweater and skirt combo is severely underrated outside of the workplace. Dunno why though, because in coordinating-but-not-matchy pairings, it allows for more creative freedom than a dress. Plus feeling like Miuccia Prada as you put plaid against floral can't be beat. If you can find a red leather boilersuit, grab it and never let it go. Shop similar: Brixton, $48BUY ITHow to Wear the Same Red Plaid Dress Your Elementary School Teacher Had but Like a French Girl.Chloé, $780BUY ITAnd now, Sienna Miller modeling an excellent "casual hang with the S.O.'s parents in a setting with an undetermined number of judgmental individuals present" outfit. WHADDAYA HAVE TO SAY TO THAT, HATERS.On the other end of things, if you are not enjoying the company of your elders, you might try this slinky dress and major outerwear moment. Remember, pals: A good coat in the winter is half the battle, especially if you frequent places not nice enough to have cloakroom attendants.Opening Ceremony, $118BUY ITYa know?Don't forget the other color of this time of year, which might be easier to wear—unless you've got the type of olive skin that goes slightly green in the less sunny months. Then you just color-correct, because Keke's velvet dress is worth the trouble. Up next: A tale of two suits, beginning with Bella Hadid in a trackie you could wear the morning of the big day itself, then to the movies when your family feels like spending more time together but in silence. [DJ Khaled voice]: And another one! Great dress alternative for parties and other gatherings that are meant to be festive but are actually just opportunities to eat as many pigs-in-a-blanket as humanly possible.  Coach, $695BUY ITOkay, but if you insist on doing an ugly Christmas sweater, at least put some work into it.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She takes the crown from Gisele for the first time in 15 years. Congratulations are in order for Kendall Jenner, who has become the highest-earning model in the world, according to Forbes.The 22-year-old tops the list for the first time, ending the reign of Brazilian supermodel Gisele Bündchen, who, for the first time since 2002, is not at the top of the list.Jenner earned a cool $22 million over the past year, which the money magazine estimates comes down to her earning potential through her huge Instagram following, as well as deals with Estée Lauder, Adidas, and La Perla. Being part of the Kardashian-Jenner clan has also helped, according to Forbes, who say the family's reality TV show Keeping up with the Kardashians and her clothing line with sister Kylie, KENDALL + KYLIE, have also contributed to her net earnings.By comparison, Gisele earned $17.5 million, which dipped by 43 percent from 2016, after she had a quieter working year doing fewer campaigns.Chrissy Teigen has also been included in the list for the first time, thanks to her $13.5 million earnings from various deals in fashion and food, including with brands like Smirnoff and Vita Coco.Sisters have also made the list for the first time in the form of Gigi and Bella Hadid, with the elder sister earning $9.5 million and Bella (who, at 21, is the youngest on the list) earning a cool $6 million.What is also great news is that body-positive campaigner Ashley Graham completes the list, having earned $5.5 million over the past year, making her the first curve model to feature, hopefully showing that the fashion world is on its way to embracing different body types.Unfortunately, though the list shows a degree of diversity when it comes to body type, it appears the modeling world is far from representative as only one woman of color—Liu Wen—features, having earned $6.5 million.Forbes bases its earning estimates, which are from June 1, 2016 to June 1, 2017 and before taxes and fees, on the on estimated incomes from cosmetic, fragrance, and clothing contracts, as well as interviews with agents, managers, and brand executives.1. Kendall Jenner - $22 million2. Gisele Bundchen - $17.5 million3. Chrissy Teigen - $13.5 million4. Adriana Lima - $10.5 million5. Gigi Hadid - $9.5 million5. Rosie Huntington-Whitely - $9.5 million7. Karlie Kloss - $9 million8. Liu Wen - $6.5 million9. Bella Hadid - $6 million10. Ashley Graham - $5.5 millionFrom: ELLE UK		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Because you’ve got no time to waste and these sales are 💯. That moment when all of the sudden the item you've been wanting for months is sold out and you're left staring at your screen contemplating life: a concept you do not want to experience this Cyber Monday. Save yourself the stress and go add these amazing items to your cart right now (yes, right now), so when the deal goes live you're ready to click and conquer. BP, $30BUY ITThe Deal: Additional 20% off select sale merchandiseDr. Martens, $224BUY ITThe Deal: 10% off site-wideModcloth, $9BUY ITThe Deal: 30% off site-wide + free shippingBP, $13BUY ITThe Deal: Additional 20% off select sale merchandiseTory Burch, $535BUY ITThe Deal: Additional 20% off select sale merchandiseUrban Decay, $54BUY ITThe Deal: 25% off site-wide + free shipping Marc Ellis, $199BUY ITThe Deal: 10% off site-wideBando, $22BUY ITThe Deal: Up to 35% off site-wide using the promo codes: 'ITSBFBABY' and 'OHYEAHCM'Voluspa, $28BUY ITThe Deal: 30% off site-wideKaren Walker, $168BUY ITThe Deal: Additional 20% off select sale merchandiseH&M;, $25BUY ITThe Deal: 30% off site-wideUrban Outfitters $20BUY ITThe Deal: Currently 20% off H&M;, $50BUY ITThe Deal: 30% off site-wideNars, $30BUY ITThe Deal: 20% off site-wideH&M;, $13BUY ITThe Deal: 30% off site-wideNars, $26BUY ITThe Deal: 20% off site-wideASOS, $140BUY ITThe Deal: 20% everything using the code 'THANKFUL30'H&M;, $40BUY ITThe Deal: 30% off site-wideIsabel Marant, $259BUY ITThe Deal: 10% off site-wideUrban Decay, $22BUY ITThe Deal: 25% off site-wide + free shipping Cityshop, $94BUY ITThe Deal: 10% off site-wideMarc Jacobs, $45BUY ITThe Deal: Additional 20% off select sale merchandiseCalvin Klein, $112BUY ITThe Deal: 10% off site-wideUrban Outfitters, $20BUY ITThe Deal: Currently 20% off A.P.C., $239BUY ITThe Deal: 10% off site-wide		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"We are sorry. We tried."Following today's Victoria's Secret Fashion Show, Bella Hadid, Karlie Kloss, and more of the Victoria's Secret Angels went to the official after-party starting at 9 p.m. But according to Women's Wear Daily, the party would be cut short by Chinese authorities hours later, at 11:50 p.m. The music was cut suddenly right before midnight, WWD reported—not too long after the party's DJ Victor Aime started playing. As the outlet wrote, police then broke the festivities up:This isn't the only issue the VS team faced in China this year. Most visibly, Gigi Hadid and Katy Perry, who had been booked to model and perform, were reportedly denied visas and had to drop out last minute. Page Six additionally reported that some members of the VS staff believed the Chinese authorities were monitoring their emails.From: ELLE US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			November 24 and the rest of the year.While the greatest money-saving tip of all is to not buy anything (I'll take my Nobel Prize for economics now), there is something called voting with your dollars (wow, can't believe I just won a second Nobel Prize), which is when you buy things from places that align with your values. Therefore, for Black Friday 2017, we present 20 items from businesses owned by women and minorities, who deserve your hard-won 70-something-cent conversion rate more than ever.  Valfré, $26BUY IT30 percent off site-wideBaublebar, $42BUY IT30 percent off with code "FRIDAY30"LZL, $895BUY IT30 percent off site-wide with code "THANKYOU30"Briogeo, $20BUY IT20 percent off with code "BRIO20"We Are Knitters, $69BUY ITUp to 35 percent off site-wideTARA, $298BUY IT30 percent off using code "SMALL30"Bando, $240BUY IT25 percent off everything with code "ITSBFBABY"Tatcha, $30BUY ITEvery shopper has the chance to win one of five mystery offers, including site-wide discounts and a $500 gift cardRhode Resort, $510BUY IT25 percent off all fall stylesDear Frances, $475BUY IT25 percent off site-wide with code "BLACKFRIDAY25"Vita Fede, $495BUY ITUp to 40 percent off select full-price items and up to 70 percent off saleAitch Aitch, $385BUY IT20 percent of all Black Friday sales go to North Bay/Napa wildfire relief effortsCharlotte Stone, $265BUY IT40 percent off site-wideThirdlove, $76BUY ITSatin Demi Bra marked down to $48Alison Lou, $1,770BUY IT20 percent off site-wide with code "THANKLOU"Eberjey, $98BUY IT30 percent off site-wide with code "JOY"Journelle, $52BUY IT15 percent off $100, 20 percent off $250, 25 percent off $350Rachel Zoe Collection, $368BUY ITExtra 30 percent off sale with code "RZBLACKFRIDAY"The Great, $375BUY IT25 percent off all orders over $250 and free shipping with code "TGHoliday2017"OTEM, $250BUY IT25 percent of sales site-wide go to Planned Parenthood		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			These angels are off the runway and ready to celebrate.The 2017 Victoria's Secret Fashion Show models are officially off-duty after finishing their taping today in Shanghai. Now, they've ditched their pink robes and sparkly wings for the glitziest of party dresses. Here, all the best looks from the VS after party. Check out all the runway looks here.From: ELLE US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Says you, now the resident shopping expert.Before the internet consumed our lives, Black Friday was known to have you running in-store and grabbing items as quickly as you could. Nowadays it's practically interchangeable with Cyber Monday, but there’s *still* some purchases worth considering before impulsively adding them to your cart. Here, a curated selection of pieces to treat yo' self along with the best time to purchase. Amazon, $99BUY IT"Alexa, play Drake." And just like that, you've become *that* person. Black Friday is known for its tech deals...don't wait. Steve Madden, $78 BUY ITAn additional 20% off and you won't even have to leave your couch. West Elm, $399BUY ITIt's not that you don't want to order this bad boy directly...it's more like you don't want to lug it back if you have to return it. So go find a tape measure then avoid the crowds and come back home to purchase.Rifle Paper Co., $7BUY ITYou don’t need it, but you want it. Buy the notepad online.Topshop, $280BUY ITThe leather jacket you've been waiting to go on-sale: always an important purchase, never to be rushed. Make sure it fits just right, then buy it here so you skip the lines. Urban Outfitters, $39 BUY ITDo as the pillow says and just stay home. Apple TV, $150BUY ITAgain with the Black Friday tech deals. Bonus on this one: you’ll get free shipping. Or you can order it here then pick it up at your local store (if you're not too full from the turkey). Zara, $119BUY ITThe trench coat: also a very important piece to add to your wardrobe. Snag it before it's sold. Williams Sonoma, $16BUY ITThe coasters you didn't know you needed. Shop this and more amazing Cyber Monday deals here. Fenty Beauty, $34BUY ITWhy wait? We know the foundation works, you know it works. Plus, it doesn't hurt to check it out in-store to make sure your shade is just right.H&M;, $20BUY ITSweater dresses are always a win. Plus, 30% off site-wide. We repeat: 30% off site-wide. Saint Laurent, $225 BUY ITWear your heart on your beanie, which is 10% off starting on Black Friday (see, told you the two days were interchangeable). Happy shopping! 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Ming Xi took a tumble, but she kept her smile on the whole time.Even Angels fall sometimes. During the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show today in Shanghai, model Ming Xi took a tumble on the runway. But she recovered perfectly, and kept her smile on the whole way through—even as she was on the ground fixing her floral wings.However, her fellow model Gizele Oliveira came to the rescue and gracefully helped Xi up to her feet. She even stood back to applaud Ming as she finished her walk. Regardless of the fall, she killed it.Xi went on to model the new VS x Balmain collaboration too—chains, spikes and all. Since the Victoria's Secret Fashion Shows are usually filmed twice, it's likely Xi's tumble won't make it to the final broadcast. The only thing harder than falling on the runway is getting back up; and Ming Xi did that beautifully.From: Harper's BAZAAR US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			All the wings, Angels, jewels, and bras on show.The big night is here in Shanghai. From Bella Hadid to Alessandra Ambrosio, see what all the Angels wore on the Victoria's Secret runway. The wings alone will take your breath away.From: ELLE US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"Got my wings!" Ashley Graham has already proved herself worthy of any lingerie show after hitting the catwalk in Addition Elle underwear for New York Fashion Week in September.And now the 30-year-old model—who is an advocate for healthy body acceptance—appeared to be taking aim at Victoria's Secret, who has yet to introduce plus-size models in their annual fashion show. So Graham turned herself into an honorary Angel by photoshopping a pair of extravagant white wings to an image of herself modeling underwear on the runway during NYFW.  Got my wings! 🦋💐🌈😜 .. my #AdditionElle wings! #thickthighssavelivesA post shared by  A S H L E Y  G R A H A M (@ashleygraham) on Nov 19, 2017 at 6:47pm PSTAlong with the picture, the star added the caption: "Got my wings! my #AdditionElle wings!#thickthighssavelives"The catwalk queen has collaborated with Addition Elle on their underwear line since 2012, with the brand championing "fashion democracy" with their range of clothes and lingerie from size 12-26. Black Friday Deals are coming your way this week! 🎉 Don’t forget to sign up to our emails, with link in bio, to be the first to know about all the deals coming this month! #additionelle #blackfriday #plussizefashionA post shared by  Addition Elle (@additionelle) on Nov 18, 2017 at 6:02am PSTMeanwhile, Graham has previously said she would love to take part in the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show—which takes place today in Shanghai—if the label were to feature size 12 and above models in their shows."Oh yeah. I mean when Victoria's Secret calls me and asks me to be on their runway I am going to say yes," she told TMZ. The models who are featuring in the show include Bella Hadid, Martha Hunt, Adriana Lima, Stella Maxwell, Elsa Hosk, Alessandra Ambrosio, Lily Aldridge, Lais Ribeiro, Sara Sampaio, Josephine Skriver, Romee Strijd, Candice Swanepoel, Jasmine Tookes, and Karlie Kloss. There will be performances from Harry Styles, Miguel, Leslie Odom Jr. and Chinese pop sensation Jane Zhang. Meanwhile, Chrissy Teigen was angling for an invite to star in the show, and recruited fans on social media to make it happen. Here's to Chrissy and Ashley getting their well-deserved invite next year.From: Harper's BAZAAR UK		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			See what all the models are wearing in Shanghai.The Victoria's Secret Fashion Show is going down! Check out the best looks from the iconic Shanghai runway. Alessandra AmbrosioBella HadidCandice SwanepoelKarlie KlossAdriana LimaMartha Hunt and Stella MaxwellJosephone SkriverHarry Styles performsTaylor HillRomee StrijdCindy BrunaTaylor HillHamilton alum Leslie Odom Jr performsElsa HoskKarlie Kloss and Cindy BrunaAlessandra Ambrosio and Lily AldridgeAdriana LimaSara SampaioDevon WindsorCandice SwanepoelChinese pop star Jane Zhang performsLais Ribeiro wearing the Fantasy BraJasmine TookesRomee StrijdLais RibeiroLeomie AndersonMiguel and Alessandra AmbrosioJasmine TookesMartha HuntAiden CurtissFrom: Harper's BAZAAR UK		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's called a wardrobe change, ever heard of it? Tracee Ellis Ross hosted the 2017 American Music Awards, and it goes without saying that she looked freaking fabulous. But she also didn't shy away from switching into a new look every five minutes. Okay, fine, that's an exaggeration—but seriously, Ross' stylist was working overtime! Here are some of the Black-ish star's best outfits from the glam evening. In Stella McCartneyIn Ronald van der KempIn vintage Halston for Shrimpton CoutureIn x karla and Giambattista Valli In Paco RabanneIn Alexander McQueen jacket and Christian Siriano trousersIn Roberto Cavalli In Balmain		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The iconic model might be retiring.According to new reports, 2017 may be the last year that Alessandra Ambrosio walks in the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show. The model, who is among the 55 models currently in Shanghai preparing for this year's show, is apparently close to retiring from the VS runway, and fans are devastated.Fashionista is reporting that "If it is her final show, we anticipate her final Victoria's Secret runway appearance to be both a celebration of her incredible work with the brand and a emotion-filled goodbye." The publication cites Instagram fan accounts as the main source of the news, with rumors circulating that Ambrosio wants to focus on other projects. The model has recently been seen on the big screen in Daddy's Home 2.  NO😢😢 This will be Alessandra Ambrosio's last show for VS,its so sad.. We love you,Queen Ale #alessandraambrosioA post shared by @ vsfs.daily on Nov 17, 2017 at 1:31pm PSTFashion blogger Imonation seemed to confirm the news tweeting, "Alessandra Ambrosio will be walking her last VSFS in Shanghai," though no source was referenced for this information. The 36 year old model first walked the Victoria's Secret runway in 2001, and was selected as PINK's brand ambassador in 2006. Since then, Ambrosio has become renowned for her work with Victoria's Secret.While the model has worked with a plethora of brands including Ralph Lauren and Christian Dior, it's her work with Victoria's Secret that has made her a household name. If 2017 is Ambrosio's last Victoria's Secret Fashion Show, then the model is sure to outdo her previous appearances, which have included wearing 30lb Jenny Manik Mercian wings, and walking the runway while pregnant. From: ELLE US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			This year's impressive line-up includes 55 models representing 17 countries.Excitement about this year's Victoria's Secret Fashion Show is in full swing, especially now that the models have arrived in Shanghai. After months of speculation, and the sad news that Gigi Hadid is no longer taking part, the final line-up of Victoria's Secret models is here. Along with news that Harry Styles and Miguel will perform, it's been announced that 55 models will take the runway, which is the most the fashion show has ever seen.According to People, Ed Razek, who executive produces the Victoria’s Secret Fashion Show, said, "This will, without question, be the biggest fashion event in history and our most ambitious show by far... We have more models than ever before–55 representing 17 countries, and four world-class entertainers." If you weren't already excited, you will be now:Without further ado, the models walking in this year's Victoria's Secret Fashion Show are: Martha Hunt, Adriana Lima, Stella Maxwell, Elsa Hosk, Taylor Hill, Alessandra Ambrosio, Lily Aldridge, Lais Ribeiro, Sara Sampaio, Josephine Skriver, Romee Strijd, Candice Swanepoel, Jasmine Tookes, Karlie Kloss, Bella Hadid, Jourdana Elizabeth, Lameka Fox, Devon Windsor, Sui He, Samille Bermannelli, Ju Wen, Kelly Gale, Liu Wen, Shu Pei, Ming Xi, Cindy Bruna, Dilone, Frida Aasen, Leila Nda, Victoria Lee, Vanessa Moody, Grace Elizabeth, Maggie Laine, Nadine Leopold, Leomie Anderson, Maria Borges, Daniela Braga, Bruna Lirio, Gizele Oliveira, Aiden Curtis, Alexina Graham, Zuri Tibby, Estelle Chen, Sanne Vloet, Mayowa Nicholas, Amilna Estevao, Alanna Arrington, Barbara Fialho, Megan Williams, Roosmarijn de Kok, Daria Khlystun, Alecia Morais, Georgia Fowler, Blanca Padilla, and Herieth Paul.The models have already been expressing their excitement about the show on social media:Sara’s post on Instagram pic.twitter.com/1rHfzVQs4MSara with fellow Angels at the #VSFS2017 photocall (via alessandraambrosio on Instagram) pic.twitter.com/qlHoNnE6BsClose-Ups: The Victoria's Secret Photocall in Shanghai! #VSFS2017 pic.twitter.com/YirnV2EkvdThe Victoria's Secret Fashion Show takes place on November 28, 2017.From: Harper's BAZAAR US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			😍😍😍Serena Williams has kept tight lipped about her wedding, which took place in New Orleans on Thursday night, but the tennis pro just broke her silence on Instagram to share a very important detail about her nuptials: her dress.The newlywed didn't write a caption in her post, but her photo's tags reveal she opted for an Alexander McQueen gown designed by Sarah Burton. The frothy white gown featured a voluminous ball skirt and a strapless, sweetheart neckline. Williams kept her hair pulled back in an updo and kept the accessories to a minimum, save a pair of diamond earrings and her massive ring on her left hand. It's believed that Williams had at least two dresses on her wedding day. If that's true, this only marks one half of the star athlete's bridal numbers. Considering her loyalty to Versace—from the Met Gala to her first post-baby red carpet appearance—it's possible the Italian designer was responsible for another one of the other looks.Williams and her Reddit co-founder beau, Alexis Ohanian, exchanged vows at New Orleans' Contemporary Arts Center among a star-studded crowd. In addition to the couple's closest friends and family, celebrities like Beyoncé, JAY-Z, Kim Kardashian, Eva Longoria, and Ciara were in attendance. The pair's two-month-old daughter, Alexis Olympia Ohanian Jr., was also reportedly present for the occasion. The nuptials were Beauty and the Beast-themed, and guests were expected to dress accordingly. While Williams' first dress of the evening doesn't quite scream Belle, it's still fit for a princess.From: Harper's BAZAAR US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The designer has died at the age of 77.The fashion world mourns a legend today, with the news that the Tunisian-born couturier Azzedine Alaïa has died at the age of 77. Famous for his precisely cut dresses that celebrated the female form, he was known for flouting the traditional fashion system, and achieving world renown on his own terms. Largely known for his close relationships with iconic models such as his "adopted daughter" Naomi Campbell, Alaïa's admirers spread far and wide and include influential designers such as Alber Elbaz, Nicolas Ghesquière and María Grazia Chiuri, as well as modern icons including Michelle Obama, Grace Jones and Tina Turner.Alaïa enjoyed a unique level of cult-like fame, rivalled only by the likes of Rei Kawakubo and Martin Margiela. Known for being a notorious perfectionist, and affectionately dubbed the "king of cling," he was born to wheat farmers in Tunisia where he later studied sculpture, a background that would later surface in his work.Alaïa would go on to begin a career in fashion in Paris where he eventually joined the team at Christian Dior for a short-lived stint at the house. Work with Guy Laroche and a string of private society clients followed. "From two seasons at Guy Laroche, I learned how. From the last elegant women in the world, I learned what," he once said. Alaïa's fervent fan base grew from there, as women sought him out for his sexy, sculptural work that highlighted the body, rather than concealed it. He was particularly famous for his iconic shows of the Eighties and Nineties, which often featured the original Supermodels Naomi Campbell—whose career he helped build after unofficially "adopting" her at the age of 16—Cindy Crawford and Linda Evangelista. Meanwhile, his dinner parties in Paris were famous experiences unto themselves, mostly because one never knew what famous faces would be in attendance. Guests ranged from the pop-culture A-list (Rihanna) to fashion elite (Rei Kawakubo).The couturier made headlines this past July when he returned to the Paris catwalk to present his first couture collection in six years, re-awakening his loyal fan base while gaining new followers through the frenzy his return created on social media. Alaïa had planned to open a shop in London in 2018.From: ELLE UK		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Stampede-free. Why join in the ritualistic Mass Buying of Things at all if you're not going to go big? But because not all of us can afford multiples of Tiffany's $9,000 sterling silver string ball, whose Black Friday discountability is doubtful anyway, here are 20 items under $20 to throw your shekels at instead.Bando, $10BUY ITUp to 30 percent off site-wide with codes "ITSBFBABY" and "OHYEAHCM"Dormify, $8BUY ITUp to 30 percent off site-wide with codes "BESTDAYEVER" and "MONDAYFUNDAY"Briogeo, $20BUY IT20 percent off with code "BRIO20"ASOS, $13BUY IT30 percent off site-wide with code "EPIC30"Fila, $25BUY IT20 percent off with code "FRIDAY"Frank Body, $22BUY IT20 percent off site-wide, excluding the Shimmer CollectionH&M;, $15BUY IT30 percent off site-wideH&M;, $15BUY IT30 percent off site-wideGenuine People, $18BUY ITUp to 30 percent off site-wide with codes "BLACK30" and "CYBER30." Bando, $8BUY ITUp to 30 percent off site-wide with codes "ITSBFBABY" and "OHYEAHCM"Kiehl's, $22BUY IT20 percent off with code "FRIDAY"Richer Poorer, $14BUY IT30 percent offSpanx, $24BUY IT20 percent off site-wide Stila, $18BUY ITUlta exclusive ($38 value)ASOS, $29BUY IT30 percent off site-wide with code "EPIC30"Bando, $10BUY ITUp to 30 percent off site-wide with codes "ITSBFBABY" and "OHYEAHCM"ASOS, $19BUY IT30 percent off everything with code "EPIC30"Baublebar, $28BUY ITUp to 35 percent off with codes "FRIDAY30" and "CYBER35"Winky Lux, $16BUY IT20 percent off with code "FRIDAY"ASOS, $29BUY IT30 percent off site-wide with code "EPIC30"		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Take me to church.Falling in love: bold move. Buying a dress to wear to make your love tax-filing-status official: bolder move. But with the proliferation of the internet and e-commerce, that's not such a gamble anymore. Here, see 13 of the year's prettiest, most available (online) options, should you meet someone tonight and decide to run away together in 3–5 business days. Kind of like the aftermath of Malin Ackerman cutting into her mom's dress (and making 27 Dresses Katherine Heigl mad in the process), but with more skirt and pockets. P-O-C-K-E-T-S.BHLDN, $1,450BUY ITWith the sheer lace overlay, super chic for a beach somewhere with just you two, the officiant, and some random witnesses you pulled off the street. Diane von Furstenberg, $693BUY ITOkay, you'll have to wait for this guy to be custom-made, but if you love something, you can hang on for the sheer sleeves to be puffed and the flowers to be appliquéd. Honor, $6,695BUY ITBetter give it a good steam, but how beautiful would this be against black sand or sheaves of wheat? ASOS, $237BUY ITThe fabric's jersey, so you're basically wearing a wedding T-shirt that you could definitely recycle for your next dress-up event.Lanvin, $1,062BUY IT"It's $269?" you say suspiciously. "ELEGANT COWL BACK!!" you then say when you she turns around.Fame & Partners, $269BUY ITCity Hall is calling. They want you and your person to come down immediately.Giambattista Valli, $2,250BUY ITGasping.Rosie Assoulin, $10,995BUY ITIt's called the Sienna, which is super apt, given that Miller would wear this with her perfect swoopy bangs and vintage accessories.Reformation, $428BUY ITJust because you bought it online doesn't mean you can't look like you stepped out of a fragrance commercial in which you leave a male model at the altar to go hot-air ballooning.BHLDN, $2,200BUY ITGreat structure, with a neckline that'll make for Amal Clooney-status photos.Victoria Beckham, $1,680BUY ITCheerful, and of-the-moment. Plus, the price (!!!).ASOS, $190BUY ITGo straight from the ceremony to the after-party, where you shimmy so hard the tassels on your dress give nearby guests welts. (But they don't mind.)Temperley, $2,650BUY IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Your first look at the Balmain collab, finally. If you've been waiting your whole life for Victoria's Secret to go punk rock, boy, do I have great news for you. The first look at the brand's much-anticipated collaboration with Balmain is here, so cue the resurgence of plaid, mesh, and copious safety pins.Victoria's Secret x Balmain will debut at the V.S. Fashion Show on November 28 and be available online and in stores the next day. The line ranges in price from around $28 (for a strappy hipster brief) to around $248 (for a Swarovski crystal-embellished, longline balconette bra). See a small preview of the line below and get excited!These are just a few of the bras in the collection.So. Sparkly.Some, ahem, panties. Plus, a random T-shirt that's also part of it!BUY SOON Victoria's Secret X Balmain CollectionThe Victoria's Secret Fashion Show airs November 28 at 10/9 c on CBS.From: Cosmopolitan US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You'll want to bookmark these ASAP. Black Friday and Cyber Monday: AKA the holy grail for shopping addicts (and anyone who loves to save). Don't waste time perusing deals when you can spend time with your friends and family. Bookmark and shop our favorites ahead. H&M;, $80BUY ITVincent, $128BUY ITSteve Madden, $91BUY ITH&M;, $15BUY ITGuess $158BUY ITPrada, $204BUY ITKenneth Cole, $185BUY ITPromo Code: FRIDAYAdidas Originals, $75BUY ITH&M;, $10BUY ITMadewell, $50BUY ITSanctuary, $35 BUY ITThe Fifth Label, $105BUY ITDolce Vita, $80BUY ITRebecca Minkoff, $135BUY ITH&M;, $70BUY ITAdonia, $298BUY ITCalvin Klein, $60 BUY ITH&M;, $70BUY ITSt. John, $717BUY ITFrame, $255BUY ITHunter, $150BUY IT Promo Code: FRIDAY  H&M;, $35 BUY ITBP, $68BUY ITT.J. Maxx, $13 BUY ITKarl Lagerfeld, $98BUY ITPromo Code: FRIDAY  Dolce Vita, $65 BUY ITMark Adam New York, $30BUY IT Promo Code: FRIDAY  Bando x Stickybaby, $135BUY ITPromo Codes: ‘ITSBFBABY’ and 'OHYEAHCM' Eliza J, $71BUY ITThirdLove, $68BUY IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Not even close.While it was Bella Hadid who coined two of the year's most popular shoe-adjacent catchphrases, it's not as if the Super-Pump, Fresh-Packed Sneakers™ stacked behind her mini ponytail needed the help, like, getting it. That's because 2017 was a big year for trainers—on the runway, the red carpet, and the mean streets. Ahead, 10 of the very best that, yes, you can still buy without sleeping on the sidewalk—if you're quick about it.Fenty x Puma, $160BUY ITThis year saw women pairing sneakers of various chunkiness with trophy socks and oversize outerwear. Maybe that's not for you, but perhaps these satin-bow-adorned ones might persuade you otherwise.Nike, $70BUY ITAnother standout trend were sneakers with profiles not unlike the Target dog's. (They look really good with the cropped denim that's still going strong.)Gucci, $730BUY ITI, too, gasped, but think of it this way: They're probably one of the few Gucci shoes that won't get too recognizable after a few months, so that's only, like, $7 per wear. Quick math.Nike, $140BUY ITPro: See a ROI from these almost immediately (in likes). Con: Anybody who sees your feet poke out under the bathroom door will know it's you, so eat cruciferous vegetables at your own risk.Vans for Opening Ceremony, $100BUY ITA classic slip-on, but make it juicy orange.Maison Margiela, $695BUY ITSay the two magic words with me: "collector's item."Nike, $115BUY ITIf you can't beat the Instagram youth, join them.Adidas, $80BUY ITAnd now that you're fully entrenched in the millennial culture of photographing yourself and your belongings, make sure to get that good light—and a closeup that captures the texture of the velvet stripes.Vans for Opening Ceremony, $110BUY ITTheir fate: to have the living daylights KiraKira-ed out of them.Adidas x Alexander Wang, $200BUY IT"See, kids, Granny participated in one of 2017's most wildly popular drops," you say to your future grandchildren from the depths of your rocking hover-chair.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			When they go low, we go millennial pink. The usual "writing year-in-review content" mood is "I can't remember last Thursday, let alone January," but not this time. No—in 2017, it's more "every moment was so excruciating not even years of therapy could erase the pain." But that sort of muscle memory is good for fashion, especially when you have to summarize the sartorial ups and downs of the past 365 days, as we've done here.  Ruffles, with their associations of smocked babydoll dresses and slow-dancing, say "you're doing amazing, sweetie," even if you aren't. At least that's the vibe this Alessandra Rich gives off, and plenty of other designers who incorporated the sweet, movement-friendly embellishment in their collections this year. GucciShop similar: Missguided, $28.50BUY ITChristopher KaneFew will be able to utter that phrase without cringing, but the stenographer of time (tough gig) will confirm that this is what we did in 2017. Here is Gigi Hadid wearing whatever-shade-you-like Nina Ricci. CélineJessica Alba in Narciso Rodriguez Shop similar: Cinq à Sept, $425BUY ITWhether one central stripe across the chest on a tracksuit a Victoria's Secret Angel would wear on the plane or a bunch of really tiny ones zigzagging around Tamu Macpherson's very billowy pant legs, stripes burrowed themselves deep into the aesthetic of this year. Why? Could be that they're a sure bet in an uncertain time. Or it could just be that they're...stripes.Kate Bosworth in Antonio MarrasShop similar: Roger Vivier, $1,750BUY ITChloë Grace Moretz in Victoria Victoria BeckhamOn the other, riskier hand, striped button-downs got chopped up and sewn back together again, a bit like Frankenstein's Monster but way better-looking. There's a 9/10 chance you bought something resembling this Monse number this summer.Shop similar: Monse, $1,490BUY ITAnn Demeulemeester SacaiShop similar: Sacai, $420BUY ITHenry Holland showed cowboy boots (a shoe trend of the year), Calvin Klein did those ranch-hand shirts with the contrast pockets, and pretty soon, others will follow. Get thee some boots, ya hear? Calvin KleinCinq à SeptShop similar: Topshop, $160BUY ITThis one seemed to have been agreed on without the input of the Corporate Fashion Illuminati, but designers might've conferred amongst themselves, given how much red showed up on 2017's runways. Here's Fendi. Dolce & GabbanaShop similar: Forever 21, $50BUY ITGiambattista ValliThe print: you know. The twist: acidic colors and unexpected tailoring. (And just so you know, the designer here Bottega Veneta.)TomeStella McCartneyWith all the patchwork and crochet, the point is to acknowledge the artist's hand but in an inventive way that suggests the whole thing is much more *elevated* than a simple, "I crocheted this over the course of a year" affair. Take this Public School suit, for example.ValentinoDolce & GabbanaJust as clothes in general got comfier, so too did suiting, of all things. In texture and in cut, matching blazer and trouser sets got a softer makeover, like this long-line guy from Zimmermann.Nina RicciShop similar: Frame, $575BUY ITAgnès B. Even if it wasn't Louis Vuitton, you probably wanted some sort of sheeny, self-tying coat this year. Good thing the high street heard you. Shop similar: Topshop, $170BUY ITSacaiHermès		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Heels are always a great choice for a natural disaster. Hillary Clinton was criticized for her fashion choices long before she became a presidential candidate, but Melania Trump is currently winning the tally for how many times she can make the public question her outfits. Here, all the first lady fashion moments that have ruffled feathers over the years.Michelle Obama wore shorts on a trip to the Grand Canyon with her family in 2009, and it caused a complete uproar. People thought it was "inappropriate" and questioned whether it was right for her to bare her legs. Obama admits it was one of her biggest fashion regrets because it "created a huge stink." Ah, the infamous pussy-bow blouse (yes, that's the real name). Melania chose to wear the $1,100 top just days after a video surfaced of her husband stating in a conversation with Billy Bush, "When you’re a star, they let you do it. You can do anything. Grab them by the pussy.” One of the first of many eyebrow-raising fashion choices made by the first lady. 1861 ball gowns, but make it fashun. Abraham Lincoln's wife Mary Todd was often criticized by the public for her ball gown purchases during the Civil War, which would cost upward of $2,000 (yes, that is a lot for the time period). Lincoln would defend her by stating, "The President glances at my rich dresses and is happy to believe that the few hundred dollars that I obtain from him supply all my wants." Same. For the G7 economic summit in Italy back in May 2017, the first lady thought it was fitting to wear a $51,000 Dolce & Gabbana coat. Dolce & Gabbana decided to fire back at Melania Trump "haters" by designing $245 #BoycottDolceandGabbana shirts. So, uh, yeah. Melania opted for a pair of Gucci sunnies while visiting Arlington National Cemetery, and Twitter was definitely not pleased. The American people saw them as a sign of disrespect (from the size of the sunglasses to the actual sunglasses themselves).Back in August, Melania Trump went to visit Hurricane Harvey victims in heels and the internet lost it. Stilettos don't exactly scream, "I'm here to help." The first lady's footwear ended up distracting from the issue at-hand: the devastation left by Hurricane Harvey. Hillary Clinton's pantsuits have been a running joke since her days in the White House with former President Bill Clinton. There's still a handful of people who make fun of her appearance—including Donald Trump.  Despite her major style evolution throughout her eight years in office, Michelle Obama's first fashion statement on stage at the 2008 election gathering had the public buzzing. Would this be a preview of her style in the White House? Will she *always* wear three-quarter sleeve dresses? Will she *always* smile this big? There's always conversation about who will dress the first lady on inauguration day, but Trump didn't seem to have too many designers lining up for her last year. The first lady ended up wearing a Ralph Lauren dress, and the fashion community had a lot to say about it—specifically designers like Zac Posen who refused to dress her. There had also been a lot of comparison to Jackie O's style, and how Trump would compare to the iconic first lady. The is the first time Melania Trump wore *that* Ralph Lauren  Collection shirtdress abroad (more on that later). Aside from her outfit choice, Trump was criticized for the great mood she was *clearly* in while visiting Saudi Arabia. On the same trip back in May she didn't wear a headscarf, despite Donald Trump criticizing Michelle Obama for doing the same when she made the trip. Oh, Nancy. Reagan secretly "borrowed" $2,000 Adolfo suits and $22,000 Galanos gowns despite warnings by White House lawyers that this had to be disclosed under the Ethics in Government Act. So pretty much every time Reagan walked into public in a gown or a seemingly nicer outfit she was scrutinized.Like this time she met with the Queen......And this time she met with Princess Diana......And this time again with the Queen. The Delpozo dress that everyone loves to hate. Melania Trump has a history of wearing internationally-designed dresses despite President Trump stating in his Inaugural Address, “We will follow two simple rules: Buy American and hire American.” Even Fox News reported on the controversy...so there's that. Melania Trump wore a $2,950 Delpozo dress while giving a speech at the U.N. and making statements like, "No child should ever feel hungry."File under: iconic first lady moments. Betty Ford made waves not only when she was captured on top of the presidential cabinet table, but also as one of the first women to don a pantsuit. In case you didn't know, Melania Trump is FLOTUS now. The internet immediately started mocking the hat, as the internet does, which is unfortunately not available for purchase. Clinton apparently "baffled the Japanese" when she wore all-black ensembles for three days in a row on her trip in 1996. Black is pretty much our entire wardrobe, so we're a bit confused as to why it was such a big deal. Eleanor Roosevelt was the first first lady to be photographed in a bathing suit during her 12-year (!) tenure in the White House from 1933-1945 (four-term offices were once a thing). "Melania Trump, you are an outfit repeater!" Remember the Ralph Lauren shirtdress Trump wore in Saudi Arabia? The first lady received some backlash (on multiple occasions) for wearing the same outfit twice.And then there were the heels...again. Snakeskin Manolo Blahnik stilettos—appropriate shoes to wear to the aftermath of a natural disaster. Michelle Obama didn't wear sleeves in her 2008 White House portrait, and people lost it— calling it "too informal" and "out of season." The first lady wore a $1,380 shirt to her first White House garden event in September. To quote one Twitter user, "That's obscene." "Because she's a Republican." Barbara Bush had the public buzzing when she wore a blue velvet gown instead of, you know, any other color because it "represented" the Dems. #ScandalousThrowback to 1809. Dolley Madison was the wife of former president James Madison, and was often criticized for showing a little more cleavage than usual for the times. The official White House portrait always has the public talking, but in April the American people had a lot to say about the size of the 25-carat rock on Trump's finger as well as the clearly airbrushed photo. The portrait's release was accompanied by Trump's statement, “I am honored to serve in the role of First Lady, and look forward to working on behalf of the American people over the coming years.”The public thought it was strange the first lady chose traditional attire to visit the Pope when he's known for having more relaxed standards. To be continued for the next three years...		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"They made memes about wanting to die and wore dad sneakers." —history booksSomewhere out there, there is a proactive young man adding "bury me in my Yeezys" to his funeral arrangements. Goodness only knows how many revisions he'll go through before he actually kicks the bucket wearing self-lacing Nike hoverboards, but for the present, we're fairly certain these are the footwear trends that will define our time. Ahead, see the year in 21 of the most-wanted kinds of shoes. Like me in grade school but without the frightening overnight changes in hair and complexion, boots this year stretched out to the knee or higher, thanks largely in part to Balenciaga and Vetements, pictured here. Hard to get on, but easy to go out not wearing pants, as many celebrities showed. Balenciaga, $1,295BUY ITBalmainShop similar: Nasty Gal, $120BUY ITNo longer are we bound by the rules of geometry as they apply to our shoe heels. In 2017 and as we move into 2018, it's all about the personality heel (as coined by Man Repeller), sculpted into couch heels and elephants and tilt-y modernist art.Rosie Assoulin, $1,195BUY ITMarniShop similar: Marni, $980BUY ITProenza SchoulerShop similar: Proenza Schouler, $995BUY ITThe sociopolitical climate may be dark, but the rhinestones on our shoes shine bright like the diamonds we definitely can't afford, along with any sort of property. Not that that is a problem for Kendall Jenner, who wore these $10K Saint Laurent boots, but for the rest of us, there's always the high street. Shop similar: Topshop, $170BUY ITMarco de VincenzoShop similar: ASOS, $64BUY ITOscar de la RentaIf you've stepped foot outside your front door at all this year (or looked suspiciously out the peephole when you heard footsteps), you will know that mules are It. (A bit less so now that you'd have to layer them with socks, because that's dangerously slippy.) But don't fear—when it's 2018 and warm again, these Tibis and their ilk will be back.Shop similar: Tibi, $465BUY ITFenty x PumaVersaceI already explained this here.Cinq à SeptShop similar: Marc Jacobs, $398BUY ITCalvin KleinShop similar: Calvin Klein, $1,295BUY ITMaison MargielaI already explained this one too, but in short, the modish white boot provide a graphic shot against clothes both busy and minimalist. Wear 'em until they're more gray than anything. (These are Dries.) Shop similar: Stuart Weitzman, $575BUY ITLoeweStella McCartney"Dad, I'm confused." "Hi, Confused." The unofficial footwear of icy blonde Scandinavian bloggers and Internet-famous kids who post purposefully ugly photos, the generic-looking but highly expensive sneakers have come to prominence against all odds. It is what is is, and these are Louis Vuitton. BalenciagaGucci		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"The world is not ready for it."According to Cardi B's latest interview with New York Magazine, "the world is not ready" for her upcoming wedding to Migos rapper Offset, and the woman is not lying.For starters, guests are only allowed to wear only one color: "Everybody got to be wearing red."It's unclear if her bridal party will also be wearing red, but they will not be wearing the typical floor-length chiffon bridesmaids' dresses. "My bridesmaids," she said, "are gonna be wearing suits, what's good." What her wedding dress will look like remains a mystery for the moment, but if her huuuuuuge pear-shaped engagement ring is any indication, it's got to be something pretty bloody spectacular.From: Cosmopolitan US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Here's how to get into the Coco Club.Money can buy you as many Chanel bags and ballet flats as you want, but it can't afford you access into Chanel's newest venture: A club.Last night in New York City's SoHo neighborhood, Chanel opened the doors to its new members-only club, the Coco Club. Five floors above Mercer Street, you won't find any Chanel signage guiding the way up. Instead, try looking for a large doorman dressed in Parisian-chic black. Once checked off the list and inside, you're instructed to pick up your gold membership card and have your official Chanel portrait taken for identification purposes.   I’ve waited my entire career for this.... the @chanelofficial gold card. #membersonly #thecococlub 💳💳💳A post shared by  Sarah Bray (@sarahamandabray) on Nov 10, 2017 at 7:52pm PSTThen it's off to explore the space that's as elaborate and fantastical as a Chanel fashion show. As you can imagine, interlocking Cs are everywhere and on everything! Chanel-branded poker, pool, and ping-pong tables plus artisanal cocktails (with Chanel stirrers!) and limitless bar snacks are intended to evoke an old school men's club vibe, but the pink decor, beauty touch-up room with Chanel makeup artists, and huge bottles of perfume in the bathroom are not.There's also a fashion book library and other rooms filled with surprises like a numerologist ready to calculate your future. Who, naturally, I asked, "how many Chanel bags will I own in this lifetime?" to which she replied "too many to count."The Coco Club will be open to the public on Sunday, November 12th from 11 AM to 5 PM. All “members” welcome. Click here to get on this list. The secret code is CocoClub.From: Town & Country US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Nirvana, achieved. Dog owners and pet lovers, one of your wildest dreams is finally coming true: you can now wear a matching ensemble with your dog thanks to the geniuses at Fabdog. The company's new 'pup and person' matching pajama sets give "man's best friend" a whole new meaning. Fabdog is currently offering four different styles of the coordinating pajama sets, which retail for $50. They include red and grey thermal sets, along with two plaid sets, one in green plaid and another in red and blue. All of the matching pajamas are available for pre-order. See the styles here: Then, get ready to bask in the overload of cuteness that is a matching dog and human duo:  Warm fire, cuddles and jammies to take the chill off 🔥👯 #twinning #matchymatchy #twins #pajamas #pjs #jammies #brusselsgriffon #petitbrabancon #penny @fabdogincA post shared by  Penny #brusselsgriffon (@petitpennybg) on Nov 8, 2017 at 4:05am PSTIf you're less of the matching type but still want your pup to sport the trendiest accessories around, Fabdog has a number of options for you. You can get your dog a pair of holiday PJs, or a chunky cable knit sweater on the site as well. Those ensembles are equally photogenic, matching human or not. Sunday snuggles. ❤️ Feat. @irresistiblecharlie in fabdog® Red Poplin PJs available at fabdog.com 💃🏻A post shared by  fabdog® (@fabdoginc) on Nov 12, 2017 at 12:09pm PSTSee? PJs have never looked so cute. From: Town & Country US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			*Books ticket to France*Ready to book a flight to Paris? (Answer: Always.) But if you need another reason, here's one: The newly opened YSL exhibit, The Musée Yves Saint Laurent Paris,  celebrates who Yves Saint Laurent was as a person and the magnificence of his groundbreaking work.The exhibit held in the Hôtel Particulier—where the designer spent almost 30 years working—takes museum-goers deep into the YSL archives and the world of Yves Saint Laurent. Iconic personal shots of Laurent shot by Irving Penn and Andy Warhol are displayed throughout the exhibit. An entire section is devoted to his personal sketches, giving visitors an inside look to his design approach and aesthetic.The edit of clothing, though limited, features the best of his designs—the Mondrian dress, "le smoking suit," and pieces from his last collection. Some of his most memorable editorials, including the famous German model Veruschka in French Vogue, are displayed throughout.Unlike other exhibits, this one gives a very intimate look into how the icon worked. The office space he worked in has remained untouched and the desk, which he used from 1962 onward, is decorated with personal pieces such as French bulldog figurines (reminiscent of his dog, Moujik), his signature glasses, and a walking stick gifted to him by his mentor, Christian Dior.The exhibit, which is located at 5 avenue Marceau, is open to the public Tuesdays to Sundays, 11:00 am to 6:00 pm and until 9:00 pm on Fridays. It first opened to the public on October 3rd, 2017 and will remain open until September 9th, 2018. Tickets for adults can be purchased online for 10 EU and tickets for tours can be purchased for 23.00 EU/person. Visit MuseeYSLParis.com for more information, and take a peek at the exhibit below. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"Curvy girls can rock (and sell) lingerie just as well as straight-size models."When Victoria's Secret announced their 2017 fashion show lineup, it didn't escape fans' notice that not one of the 52 models was plus-size. But now, one plus-size model has decided to show Victoria's Secret exactly what they're missing by recreating some of their famous adverts on her Instagram account.Tabria Majors is a plus-size model based in Brooklyn. Speaking to the Huffington Post Canada, Tabria revealed that by recreating the adverts she hopes to "open the discussion of inclusivity in the mainstream media."Sharing her recreated images, Tabria wrote:"Maybe I’ll be a Victoria’s Secret Angel this year for Halloween, since it ain’t happening in real life lol. Just paying homage to a few of my favourite pics/outfits from VS here and showing that curvy girls can rock (and sell) lingerie just as well as straight size models."It's not even up for discussion how hot Tabria looks in these pictures, which just makes me wonder even more why Victoria's Secret wouldn't want someone like her strutting down their catwalk. I can only assume it's because her hotness would be an actual fire hazard.From: Cosmopolitan UK		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			From princess gowns to retro playsuits.Taylor Swift will be the first to tell you, she's come a long way since [insert ex-boyfriend here] was the reason for the teardrops on her guitar. On her new album Reputation, Swift looks back at how she's grown in life and love, which has inspired us to see how her style has evolved with her. From fairytale-worthy gowns to retro playsuits, these 54 looks tell her sartorial (love) story best.In a fringe playsuitIn Tommy HilfigerShop similar: Gigi Hadid for Tommy Hilfiger, $230BUY ITIn Louis VuittonIn a sweater and cheerleader skirtIn a wrap dressIn Alexandre VauthierShop similar: BCBG Max Azria, $120BUY ITShop similar: H&M;, $13BUY ITShop similar: Michael Michael Kors, $84BUY ITIn Monique Lhuillier In VersaceIn KaufmanfrancoIn BalmainShop similar: ASOS, $87BUY ITShop similar: H&M;, $35BUY ITShop similar: Forever 21, $68BUY ITIn Julien MacDonaldIn Roberto Cavalli AtelierIn Elie SaabIn an embellished cutout dressM2Malletier, $1,090BUY ITShop similar: Topshop, $85BUY ITShop similar: H&M;, $25BUY ITIn lacy shortsIn AshishShop similar: Ashish, $3,381BUY ITIn a crop top and miniskirtShop similar: Topshop, $24BUY ITIn Mary KatrantzouIn a beaded two-pieceIn a plaid skirtIn high-waist shortsIn an embellished dress		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The fashion retailer says customers are free to use any fitting rooms.Topshop has announced that its changing rooms are gender-neutral, following a complaint from a trans customer who claimed they were refused access to female fitting rooms.Performance artist Travis Alabanza, who identifies as trans female and uses the pronoun "they," claims they were told to use the male changing rooms when they attempted to use the female changing cubicles to try on dresses.Alabanza—who was shopping in a Topshop in Manchester, England—was allegedly told by staff to use the male changing rooms downstairs instead."Hey @Topshop just experienced transphobia in your Manchester store. Not letting me use the changing room I decide is shit, sort it out," Alabanza tweeted. Hey @Topshop just experienced transphobia in your Manchester store. Not letting me use the changing room I decide is shit, sort it out.Topshop later contacted another customer and reiterated their policy that all changing rooms were available for everyone.Hi Kate,Please be advised that we recently updated our Changing Rooms policy.Thanks, TS HelpA spokesperson from the brand said in a statement: "All TOPSHOP TOPMAN customers are free to use any of the fitting rooms located within our stores." The announcement applies "to all Topshop’s wholly owned stores worldwide," a rep told BAZAAR.com.It's not entirely clear whether this policy has been rolled out in response to Alabanza's and other complaints, or whether it was already in existence.Alabanza recalled the incident in more detail to Buzzfeed recalling: "She [staff member] wasn't rude, but she wasn't sympathetic either. I said, 'I'm not going to be safe down there. What do you want me to do?' and they just kind of shrugged.""I did think I could buy the dresses and take them home to try on, but I felt like, why am I doing this? My day instantly became politicized when all I wanted was a chill day shopping.""It's just been a whole stretched-out thing when all I wanted was to go into Topshop and go out. I normally online shop for this reason."Alabanza has since suggested that the fashion retailer should go beyond its gender-neutral fitting room policy and "train the staff about what it means to serve every kind of customer, how to advocate for us and respond against people who are phobic."From: Cosmopolitan UK		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			So many extra outfits, so little time. In October, Blake Lively made fashion headlines when she wore seven outfits in one day, but at Wednesday's Country Music Awards, Carrie Underwood wore outfits in one night. Both impressive feats. Below, all of Underwood's outfit rankings from the awards, where she co-hosted and performed. No. 1 was when she made her debut on the red carpet in this electric blue off-the-shoulder stunner by Fouad Sarkis Couture. The shade really stood out and complemented her icy jewelry. She killed it. Runner-up was this ruby red sequined cape/bodysuit thing. If Wonder Woman hosted the CMAs, she would have probably worn the same exact outfit. That cape looks like it could give Carrie the magical ability to fly off into the night, and I don't doubt that might have actually happened after the awards. Speaking of sparkles and capes and bodysuits, No. 3 was this similar but equally stunning nude sparkly full-length bodysuit with a cape on one shoulder. She's literally glowing, and no one seems worthy to even stand by her in that look. Not even Brad Paisley. Sorry, Brad. Switching into a party-dress mode, Carrie wore this nude and white mini dress with sequin appliques and equally sparkly sky-high heels.Along the same color scheme, next was this mesh white dress with floral details. She looked absolutely angelic and was definitely emotional as she sung a tribute for country artists who died this year and for the victims of the Las Vegas shooting in October. No. 6 was a periwinkle blue number with metallic and blue embroidery. She looks very excited to be wearing it, and who can blame her? So gorg. Then she pulled out all the stops with this Great Gatsby-esque golden fringed frock. You can't even see the front, but she was basically Daisy Buchanan at a New Year's party.It seemed Carrie was very into mesh Wednesday night, because next up was this black see-through number with more flowery details. She accessorized with some very large, sparkly rings while Brad accessorized with a guitar and cowboy hat. Of course. No. 9 was a short hot pink party dress that Paris Hilton would surely  love. She unexpectedly paired it with turquoise patterned high heels and matching blue and pink drop earrings. Rounding out the ranking as No. 10 was a black and white ball gown with a full skirt—the complete opposite of No. 9. A spotlight actually beamed from her. Wow. Lastly, there was this dress that kind of had a bizarre-looking flap of fabric poking out from it, but whatever, she still looks incredible. That's the magic of Carrie Underwood. It was studded with rhinestones and cinched at the waist with a metal belt.  There you have it, folks. All 11 dresses ranked for your reading pleasure. Now if you'll excuse me I'll be lying down from exhaustion after that one-woman fashion marathon. From: Cosmopolitan US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			But can I be her? Kendall Jenner lives her life like it's one giant photo shoot, and if you need proof, look no further than this crazy-picturesque scene in which a shirtless hunk is seen carrying her on the beach. She looks SO happy, and honestly, can you blame her?Okay, so this might have been for an actual photo shoot and not just a random outing in which Kendall happened to bring along a Super 8 film camera and let a cute dog (and an even cuter man) join her. A girl can dream.The mysterious shoot happened on Tuesday in Malibu, where the supermodel paired white J. Brand jeans with a hooded beige jacket. White jeans were a bold move for the beach, but who cares—she looked so darn cute!Later, Ken threw on white fringe moccasin loafers and was followed by an adorable dog as a camera filmed in the background. The Malibu shoot comes a couple days after her travels to wherever this magical place is (Arizona? New Mexico? Mars?), a photo of which she posted to Instagram.  wavyA post shared by  Kendall (@kendalljenner) on Nov 6, 2017 at 10:04am PSTShop a similar outfit below!BUY NOW Women's Short Sleeve Hoodie Tunic, TARGET, $23BUY NOW Selena Mid-Rise Cropped Boot Cut in Blanc, J BRAND, $188 From: Cosmopolitan US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			A shoe subscription? A brand new wardrobe? Dear Santa... 'Tis the season, and we're starting to give much consideration to our holiday wishlists. If you're struggling on what to ask for, Net-a-Porter is encouraging us all to aim high. Today, the luxury e-tailer has launched their fantasy gifts, also known as the most luxurious fashion gifts to ever hit our list. If money is no object, consider adding one, or all, to your list for Santa. First, there's the "It" girl wardrobe; for a cool $90,000, Net-a-Porter's retail fashion director Lisa Aiken will help you build your ultimate dream closet. You know that feathered Prada skirt you've been eyeing, plus a timeless Alaia dress, and maybe a new Tom Ford bag just for starters. You'll have access to the best of what the e-commerce site has to offer, plus dibs on next season pre-orders. If you fancy yourself a shoe fanatic then the gift of shoes every week for a year might be more your speed. With the help of a personal shopper you can pick out a dream pair of shoes every week, ensuring you'll always be the envy of all your friends. The price tag? $41,177.Finally, for the bag lady in all of us, for just $54,256, you can get a new bag a month for an entire year whether it's the perfect party clutch or upgrading your office tote on a whim. It will be impossible to have a bad holiday with any of these fabulous presents. You can buy the Net-a-Porter's fantasy gifts starting today. From: Harper's BAZAAR US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Clothes, here to save us all. Killer clowns vs. Araya Hargate's maternity style. McDonald's running out of Rick and Morty sauce vs. Rihanna in scarlet Giambattista Valli. Donald Trump doing anything vs. Jane Fonda, 79, rocking the heckin' heck out of an Ariana Grande ponytail. Ahead, the year's bright moments in fashion that cut through the Stephen King horror-fog that was 2017. In Dior at the Mother! premiere at the Venice Film FestivalIn Gucci at the GrammysShop similar: Wild Hearts, $89BUY ITIn Rodarte at Harper's Bazaar's 150 Most Fashionable Women eventIn Atelier Versace at the U.K. premiere of Mother!In Gucci at the GrammysShop similar: H&M;, $50BUY ITIn Armani Privé at the GrammysIn Atelier Versace at the César Film AwardsIn Maison Margiela at the Met GalaShop similar: Forever 21, $78BUY ITIn Comme des Garçons at the Met GalaIn Oscar de la Renta at the Met GalaIn Vivienne Westwood at the Met GalaIn Comme des Garçons at the Met GalaIn Alexander Wang at the Met GalaAt the Met GalaIn Chanel Haute Couture at the Met GalaShop similar: ASOS, $6BUY ITIn Atelier Versace at the Met GalaIn Dolce & Gabbana at the Met GalaIn Vivienne Westwood at the Ismael's Ghosts premiere at the Cannes Film FestivalIn Ralph & Russo at the Ismael's Ghosts premiere at the Cannes Film FestivalAt the Loveless premiere at the Cannes Film FestivalShop similar: St. John, $1,295BUY ITIn Dior at the Okja premiere at the Cannes Film FestivalShop similar: Roberi & Fraud, $250BUY ITIn Giambattista Valli at the 120 Beats per Minutes premiere at the Cannes Film FestivalIn Alexandre Vauthier at the Fashion for Relief event at the Cannes Film FestivalIn Rodarte at the Beguiled screening at the Cannes Film FestivalIn René Caovilla at the amFAR galaIn custom Sandra Mansour at her wedding to Prince Ernst August of HanoverIn Iris van Herpen at the Hollywood premiere of Valerian In Giambattista Valli  at the Hollywood premiere of Valerian Shop similar: Capulet x Revolve, $58BUY ITIn Giambattista Valli at the London premiere of Valerian In Prada at the Paris premiere of Valerian 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It also involves some not-yet-released Yeezys.Kim Kardashian went out last night in L.A. with Khloé and wore the most athleisure outfit in existence (...sweats, she was wearing sweats). Somehow, she still managed to look like a high-fashion queen even though this is the staple outfit for lazy college students everywhere.  She threw on a flannel hooded jacket over a dark gray sports bra with semi-matching light gray sweats and her hair in a low bun. She also gave a nod to her husband Kanye West with her own pair of the unreleased Adidas x Yeezy Wave Runner 700 trainers, which she probably had first dibs on. Such is life when you're literally married to the designer.Kim K's wardrobe has taken a more understated approach recently and I am truly here for Chill Kim™. Take note: Shop similar styles below.BUY NOW Loren Sports Bra, SPLITS59 (Available at Nordstrom), $39BUY NOW Wool Bomber Jacket With Check, SELECTED HOMME (Available at ASOS), $174BUY NOW The New Penn Sweatpants, DAVID LERNER (Available at Nordstrom), $145BUY NOW Originals Tubular Rise Sneakers In White, ADIDAS (Available at ASOS), $156From: Cosmopolitan US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Save these to your Pinterest immediately. Shopping for wedding dresses often means viewing the same boring parade of princess ball gowns, rinse and repeat. Because you want to look classic but still keep it fresh on your wedding day, here are 12 of the most stunning gowns from the latest bridal season to inspire you to think outside the white poufy dress. Okay there, Ms. "I'm So Cool I'm Going to Wear a Cropped Moto Jacket Studded with Pearls Over My Lace Wedding Dress." Shop similar: Express, $139BUY ITWhen you're so chill you could skip straight from your ceremony to a picnic in the park (provided you lay down a really big blanket, of course).Stylist: "What do you want?" You: "A jumpsuit but also those rotating brushes from the carwash." Stylist: "Say no more."Makes you want to be French and get married in an infuriatingly chic city hall ceremony, don't it?Same, but more of a barefoot-on-a-beach vibe. But still French. Separates, for one. A sheer bottom-half separate, for another. Some brides want to look like fairy princess, and that's fine. But others want to look like Tilda Swinton's White Witch, which is fine too. Once you crop top, you can't stop. The ease of a romper meets the drama of a train. Shop similar: ASOS, $16BUY ITI don't know what your grandma would think of this, but if looking like a dandelion field blew onto you is what you want, by all means, that is what you shall have. If you've ever dreamed of wearing a T-shirt on your wedding day, you're welcome. Shop similar: Whistles, $220BUY ITHere I am, a bride, in my flamenco jumpsuit with the leg flounces, ready to do the Macarena. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Obviously.Not that gift-giving is a competition, but receiving presents is some people's love language, so you wouldn't want them to think you don't really care about them at all by giving something unthoughtful, like socks. The stakes are even higher when it comes to your best friend, because are you even sa meilleure amie if you don't get her her personal equivalent of a Tickle Me Elmo? Afraid not, so shop our 12 BFF-status-maintaining picks ahead. One half in her stocking, the other on your lapel.Bando, $14BUY ITThis blue velvet (!!!) turntable + an autographed vinyl of How to Be a Human Being = everybody else can go home. Crosley x UO, $99BUY ITOn the other hand, being someone's best friend means knowing about the more utilitarian things she *really* needs but won't buy for herself. This plush Turkish cotton robe shows you've paid attention.Cuyana, $95BUY ITAnd on the third hand, here's the ultimate friendship necklace if you're feeling extra generous this year. (You do get half, so...)Alison Lou, $1,405BUY ITThe thinking is that most people could really use more evening bags, especially one as nice as this.Mango, $80BUY ITComes in other, newer colorways. But white is clearly the best.J.Crew, $32BUY ITIf you've got the means, why not treat her to a tablet-cum-computer that sketches and has a luxe suede finish?Microsoft, $800BUY ITLike she dipped her fingertips in heart paillettes. Olympia Le-Tan for Lancôme, $15.50BUY ITThink of it as an investment on your friendship. ::winks with both eyes::Veda, $1,320BUY ITBecause she's still waffling on taking the plunge.Sunday Riley, $90BUY ITJoint custody.Topshop, $170BUY ITDon't let her shoe game get weak. Veda x Modetrotter, $160BUY IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			But somehow managed to look so profesh. Kim Kardashian's best friend on Saturday night must have been double-sided fashion tape when she appeared at the  2017 LACMA Art + Film Gala in Los Angeles. She wore a black Gucci pantsuit on the red carpet but gave the look some edge by wearing her tuxedo blazer open—with apparently nothing underneath. And she looked *amazing.*Kim polished off the look with subdued makeup and wavy hair.  Kris Jenner, who also opted for a silky black ensemble, attended the event as well, which honored artist Mark Bradford and Star Wars director and writer George Lucas.The Kardashian-Jenner clan is definitely a fan of blazers. Last month Kendall wore a plaid blazer to a basketball game, and Kim wore another revealing blazer outfit in July.To get in on Kim's sexy pantsuit look, shop a similar outfit below. BUY NOW Mehira B Tailored Velvet Blazer, JOIE (Available at Neiman Marcus), $398BUY NOW Silk Crepe Straight-Leg Pants, CAROLINE REESE (Available at Neiman Marcus), $295From: Cosmopolitan US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Casual. While some sports fanatics may wear their teams' gear or perhaps a pair of sneakers to attend a game, Kendall Jenner opted for a more high-fashion approach at a Los Angeles Clippers game Saturday night. The model turned the courtside into her own runway by wearing Saint Laurent's impossible-to-miss sparkling knee-high boots while cheering on her rumored boyfriend Blake Griffin during his game. And although some attendees may have been watching the actual basketball game (yawn), others had the right idea and instead were busy staring at Jenner's standout boots, which she happily showed off. Giving us some The Devil Wears Prada vibes, she was all,"Are you wearing—the sparkly Saint Laurent boots? Yeah, I am," from her courtside seat. The head-turning boots cost a cool $10,000 and are embellished with a subtle 6,000 rhinestones. But the model managed to make them a bit more casual by styling them with a pair of ripped blue jeans and an oversize turtleneck sweater. Previously worn by Rihanna, Cardi B, and Céline Dion, the disco-inspired boots first made their debut on Saint Laurent's Fall 2017 runway back in February. Proving the surprising versatility of the rhinestone-embellished boots, Bad Gal Riri and Céline Dion wore them out and about on the street, while Cardi B wore hers to perform at the MTV VMA's over the summer. Kendall's outing, however, marks the boots' first appearance at a sporting event. And while I'm no sports expert, I'm fairly certain that basketball could benefit from more sparkly footwear on the court. Saint Laurent boots, $10,000BUY ITFrom: Harper's BAZAAR US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			This is her second collaboration with the footwear brand.It's been a year since Gigi Hadid and Stuart Weitzman collaborated on a shoe together, and today the brand has announced that we won't have to wait much longer for another pair. The Gigi mules, "eyelove" and "eyelovemore" will be released November 15 along with a short film featuring the face of Stuart Weitzman herself. The brand is urging fans to sign up now for a chance to shop the limited-edition shoes early before they inevitably sell out. Hadid, who has fronted ad campaigns for the shoe brand since 2015, traded in her lace-up ankle boots for mules this summer. She was spotted rocking Stuart Weitzman's Mulearky flats all over town—from her Victoria's Secret fittings to date night with boyfriend Zayn Malik. We can't wait to see Gigi's take on the mule. From: Harper's BAZAAR US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			But who is who?!Reese Witherspoon and her 18-year-old daughter Ava Phillippe have taken their #twinning game up a notch. They break the internet pretty much whenever they make a joint appearance—no one can get over the eerie-yet-fascinating fact that Reese's daughter is an exact clone of herself—but what makes this more recent appearance special is that they were wearing matching black dresses.The duo attended a Wall Street Journal event where Reese was named "Entertainment Innovator of the Year." Ava tagged along for support in a long-sleeve dress with mesh detailing, while Reese opted for a short-sleeve black Giorgio Armani number with green beaded details. Like, LOOK!They even had the same shoes, and did the same exact foot poses. I can't. Get over. THIS. Shop a similar look below to join in on the twin fun! BUY NOW Carissima Sheath, ANTHROPOLOGIE, $258BUY NOW Stiletto Sandals, SAM EDELMAN (Available at Farfetch), $195From: Cosmopolitan US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			This is NOT the same Buttercup from the cartoon, fam.Kendall Jenner celebrated her 22nd birthday (which actually takes place on Nov. 3) on Halloween night with a costume party at a club in L.A. For her own ensemble, Kendall went as Buttercup, or "the green one" from the iconic Cartoon Network show, The Powerpuff Girls.But while most would just put on a mod mini dress, a pair of Mary Janes, and call it a day, Kendall did not do that. Her version of Buttercup may be a little into bondage and like to attend punk rock concerts. It's a vibe!Hailey Baldwin, who went as Bubbles, or "the blue one," was equally hard core and sexy."The pink one," AKA Blossom, was not actually there, though Kendall's friend Justine Skye did attend in a purple Powerpuff Girl-esque getup and called herself "Bliss." Same thing? I don't know!		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			👼👼👼Kylie Jenner was seriously ~glowing~ in her Halloween costume Tuesday—she dressed up as a sparkly angel. She wore all white and accessorized her outfit with white eyelashes, drop earrings, and feathery wings. She styled her hair in an impressively high ponytail. Seriously, it was way up there. BFF Jordyn Woods contrasted Kylie's getup dressed as a devil with bright red hair and equally bright eyeshadow. The friends wore plunging red and white dresses, and Kylie was very on-theme when she posted this video with Beyoncé's song "No Angel" playing in the background.   ♥️🌬 Fire & IceA post shared by  Kylie ♥️ (@kyliejenner) on Oct 31, 2017 at 10:00pm PDTAfter absolutely nailing Christina Aguilera's "Dirrty" music video look last year, complete with leather chaps, it seems she went for a more classic approach this year.A post shared by Kylie ♥️ (@kyliejenner) on Oct 30, 2016 at 12:03am PDTFrom: Cosmopolitan US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She's only been an official Angel for 2 years. With less than three weeks to go until the Angels take Shanghai, Victoria’s Secret revealed their highly-coveted fantasy bra today. The “Champagne Nights Fantasy” bra featuring handset diamonds, yellow sapphires, blue topaz in 18 karat gold, designed by Mouawad, costs $2 million dollars and will be worn by Lais Ribeiro.The 6-foot-1 Brazilian-born stunner who has been working with Victoria’s Secret since 2010, officially became an Angel in 2015, and has appeared in every fashion show except 2012 when she sprained her ankle during rehearsals and was unable to walk the show.Ribeiro began modeling in 2009, just a year after giving birth to her son Alexandre. Her friends urged her to pursue modeling in her native Brazil and quickly became one of the most booked models during Sao Paulo fashion week. A year later Ribeiro was walking the runways from New York to Paris, working with designers like Jean Paul Gaultier, Marc Jacobs and Tom Ford who made her the face of one of his fragrances.  Saturday mood 😂💪🏻 @kirkmyersfitness @victoriasport  Fazendo a faxina em casa 😜A post shared by  Lais Ribeiro (@laisribeiro) on Sep 23, 2017 at 9:36am PDTThe model stays in tip-top shape by training with Dogpound fitness like many of her fellow angels including Jasmine Tookes and Josphine Skriver. Ribeiro has also been dating basketball player Jared Homan since 2015. Well deserved 😎A post shared by  Lais Ribeiro (@laisribeiro) on Nov 28, 2016 at 1:11pm PSTFellow Angel Adriana Lima is the model, Ribeiro most looks up to in the modeling world. From: Harper's BAZAAR US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Whatever she chooses, there will be red bottoms involved.With a diamond the dimensions of a Red Globe grape on her finger, Cardi B and Offset are a soon-to-be-married rap power couple in which both parties have strong senses of style. So what'll they wear to tie the knot, besides the requisite bloody shoes? Ahead, 10 fittingly over-the-top ideas.  "I MAKE MONEY MOVES." Which is necessary, given that this couture illusion dress can't come cheap. It does, however, align perfectly with Ms. Belcalis Almanzar's more-is-more-is-not-enough aesthetic. You know—for a casual pre-wedding event, probably one that involves more standing than sitting, given its body-con-ness. Seeing as how the Cardi B-Offset nuptials will no doubt be a multi-day, multi-venue extravaganza, here's an off-the-shoulder net dress for one of the more low-key, family-and-friends bits of the itinerary... Shop similar: Nasty Gal, $100 BUY ITTo be complemented by Mr. Kiari Kendrell Cephus in corresponding Dolce & Gabbana, which he will surely style with sunglasses and more jewelry than you've ever seen in your life. What to wear to the littest rehearsal dinner ever? How about this high-slit gown by friend and frequent collaborator Christian Siriano, who helped make this full-on princess moment happen?Or this ribbon-hem number, so long as she keeps well away from clumsy waiters and red sauce?Shop similar: ASOS, $87BUY ITAnother option for the main event: this legendary Zuhair Murad, with the cathedral-length veil and embroidery and everything. While Offset flexes in this sheeny jumpsuit, uh, suit from Gucci. If anyone can make this wedding-appropriate, it's him—again with chains on chains and sunglasses Urban Outfitters will produce and sell by the hundreds of thousands. When the last "I do" has been said and the most faded guests packed off to the reception, the new Mrs. Offset could party the night away in this chainmail Balmain, which would make the most of her assets. Shop similar: Forever 21, $30BUY ITAnd for costume change number whatever (the point is to lose count), she'd wear the heck outta this bustier minidress and fringe boots—to perform a husband-and-wife followup to "Motor Sport." Because if you've got bars, a stage is a stage. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			See the top models from the '60s to today making their runway debut. You may know your favorite supermodels by their legendary runway walks, hang-on-the-wall-worthy fashion editorials, and iconic sense of style, but what about the catwalk that kicked off their runway career? From '60s It model Twiggy to the supers of the '90s and the top models of today, we're taking a look back at the runways that helped skyrocket these models onto the radar. 1967Halston Resort 1974Mary McFadden Fall 1976Perry Ellis 1979Yves Saint Laurent Fall 1987Michael Kors Spring 1988Michael Kors Spring 1988Chanel Couture Spring 1989John Galliano Spring 1990Donna Karan Spring 1991Ralph Lauren 19931990 Chanel Couture Fall 1991Jil Sander Fall 1992Jil Sander Fall 1992Yves Saint Laurent Spring 1992Chanel Fall 1993Victoria's Secret Fashion Show 1997Alexander McQueen Spring 1998Victoria's Secret Fashion Show 1999Victoria's Secret Fashion Show 2000Diane von Furstenberg Spring 2001Calvin Klein Fall 2002Jesus del Pozo Spring 2003Wayne Cooper 2003Prada Fall 2003Miu Miu Fall 2004Cynthia Steffe Spring 2005Vivienne Tam Spring 2005Heatherette Fall 2005From: Harper's BAZAAR US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Dress-up ideas from a weird period in pop culture—even if you weren't alive for it.Chucking on a strong-shoulder blazer and scrunchie-ing a droopy side pony does not a (good) '80s Halloween costume make. Here, 15 superior ideas mined from this rich, kind of strange time in film, TV, and poufy fabrics. Because you want to own a fluffy red dress. And a red veil. And, oooh, red eyeshadow like Soko.BUY IT: Make Up For Ever Artist Shadow Eyeshadow and Powder Blush, $21; sephora.com.Peak '80s -tinged exhibitionism for those who document their gains on Instagram and would like to do it IRL too. You might need to rope somebody into putting on a tux to really drive the point home without a mermaid tail, but with a T-shirt and some overnight braids—and no pants, the best part—you can go home early and hop straight into bed. BUY IT: Souvenir T-Shirt, $23; lapatee.com.Classic. Great group idea. Bring mallets. Another pants-less option, though the welding one would make you even more of a legend. Okay, but look at the old-time-y board, and think about how easy that would be to DIY. Extra points if they flip around. Extra extra points if you get a friend to just *be* the board. The hardest part: sourcing a boombox. Someone please do this. I call dibs on this one (which you must honor because I proposed it), but next year, you and two friends could wear quasi-mechanics' outfits while traipsing around New York "fixing cars." Next year, tho.1) Glam. 2) Can wear regular-ish clothes. 3) Prime opportunity for wigs. If this is a strictly '80s-themed party, the possibility of being asked to participate in a Madonna group photo is too damn high. Choose Cyndi instead (which, yeah, is similar but different, a distinction you can point out to the less-clever attendees). The truly extra among us will go for her other costume in this film, which is underwear that looks like it was fashioned from a pair of sails. Go for it if you can avoid arrest, we say. No, I'M ALEXIS.Lots of planning, but so worth it for the photos and satisfaction you'll get from tracking down each element. Do not attempt, however, if you're not going to be extra (diligent) about it. On the other hand, if you get the text invite at 9:43 and have to head out by 10:02 p.m., throw on your fun-colored suit, a novelty T-shirt from Uniqlo's artist series, and the wire aviators you bought because the digital influencers compelled you.BUY IT: Uniqlo SPRZ NY T-Shirt, $10; uniqlo.com.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Get in, loser.You go along paying your rent and occasionally eating something that grew out of the ground, thinking that you're an adult. But then you realize your closet has certain...deficiencies, such as zero plain T-shirts or my personal problem with pants. That's when you regroup and pad your wardrobe with known winners, like the 12 must-haves we've listed below. Think about it: You'll wear it for half the year—more than that if you're a shoulder-slinger/'80s teen movie villain. So quit it with the Trendy Wendy high-street ones that pill at the first sweat bead, and get yourself a thick, quality one.Aritzia, $145BUY ITYou need them for professional reasons. Might also be a good idea to get them tailored.COS, $115BUY ITDitto.Gap, $46BUY ITIt doesn't have to be super stylist Karla Welch's version, but it should be one that fits you well. Still nothing fresher than a white T and jeans.   Hanes x Karla, $30BUY ITAnother classic, which just shows you how easy it is to be chic: We all know the formula, it's just a matter of sorting out the right variables. H&M;, $399BUY ITThe best thing I bought all year. Don't be scared it'll be too stuffy, because it looks right with practically anything you throw at it.J.W. Anderson x Uniqlo, $150BUY ITNose pads are everything, rose-colored lenses are extra.Krewe, $295BUY ITBecause you never know when you'll get a last-minute invite, and you wouldn't want to be caught unawares, would you?Mango, $130BUY ITWhatever size you choose, you can be confident they'll withstand the shifting sands of fashion. Unless you get some of those absolutely massive ones you can fit your hand through.Jamie Wolf, $790BUY ITWhen you want the ease of a slip-on but more walkability than a mule.Topshop, $48BUY ITI wouldn't go so far as to say a white boot, specifically, but anything at a height that flatters the leg and is comfortable enough to dance in is approved.Urban Outfitters, $79BUY IT(But get one with a strap when your hands are full of coffee/phone/shopping bags/piñata.) Trademark, $550BUY IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"LMAO" —everybody when you walk into the party.The cleverer one tries to be, the sharper the knife's edge one walks when choosing a Halloween costume. Do you go for the more obscure reference and have people go "Huh?" Or do you do the crowdpleaser but risk being one of seven Snapchat hot dogs? (I don't care, I'm still doing it.) Here, 10 pop-culturally savvy ideas that walk the line.You will need: A hot dog costume (duh), green headphones, a beatific smile, and a meme-making mindsetOther notes: There will be others, so it might be best to do as our friend here did and pile on the references and mix your metaphors to up the uniqueness.You will need: A denim-on-denim look, dark sunglasses, a can of Pepsi, the belief that a fizzy sugar water is the key to world peace (can be faux—only to get into character) Other notes: For a variation, recruit a friend to act as the paramilitary/policeman dude. You could also invite a third individual to be Cello Man. You will need: Re: the outfit, we gotchu. Maybe a dad component, perhaps wearing boxers or other inappropriate pants out of the Skype frame. Also, toddler swagger. Other notes: You have to do the walk wherever you go. The more punch you have, the easier it'll be. You will need: Black dress, reading glasses, knowledge of various song lyrics and refrainsOther notes: Keeping your hands cupped around your mouth the whole night might be tough, so stay close to the bar so you can prop your elbows on it. You will need: Conviction that most others have gotten the urge to recreate this out of their systems, some way to affix a flower wall to your person (backpack straps, maybe?), a few yards of green nettingOther notes: Two friends with lesser planning skills could go as Rumi and Sir, in baby-drag or simply in T-shirts with iron-on lettering. You will need: Robes, RBF but not really because this is a special glowerOther notes: You could enlist a pair of pals to dress in their complicit-Sicilian-widow finestYou will need: Black tie. Confidence. Steps. Other notes: Confidence. You will need: All the red tulle your local crafts store carries, safety pins and/or duct tapeOther notes: Consider bringing a fluffer. You will need: Men in suits, glowing orb onto which the Eye of Sauron could be tapedOther notes: If you are taking the role of Trump, periodically close your eyes and wish for bigger hands. You will need: A shift dress, the smokiest eye, blonde, rhymes. More flashcard text ideas here.Other notes: Pivoting on topics not included. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Why you should be out buying things when you'd rather be in bed regretting your life choices. I kind of wish I were hungover right now. Not the kind of Lucky Jim hungover where you feel as if a small animal has made a tomb out of your cottony mouth, but the kind when you spring up weirdly cheerful at an absurdly early hour, hopeful that the real comedown will never kick in. (It will.) That would make it less arduous to write this, for one, but mildly hungover is also the best state in which to shop, I've found. (After you've checked if your friends are alive, showered, eaten some combination of fat and protein if stomach-able, then shuffled out, of course.)While drunk shopping can yield such treasures as the velvet Shrimps coat (60 percent off!) this writer ended up with after an all-day New Orleans bender with the dangerously hospitable eyewear brand Krewe, it more likely than not ends in regret. In the best case scenario, you might end up with a gorgeous Shrimps coat with a pink faux-fur collar, even if the shop had to call you because they couldn't read your handwriting on the shipping slip. In the second-best case scenario, you receive a surprise Amazon Prime-d beef taco costume two days later. And in the worst/most probable scenario, you buy something you can neither afford, nor truly want, from a place that only accepts exchanges or store credit. And you've lost the receipt. You can't trust drunk you—not when there's money and figuring out return labels in the balance. But hungover shopping removes many of the same obstacles as its wetter iteration while introducing enough sobriety for sound(er) decision-making. You're too tired/achey/shaky to be hindered by waffling, which is a form of self-sabotage one employs to avoid spending, even if it is worth it. But at the same time, you’ve got that background pain (and several espressos and/or restorative bloody Marys in you) to stimulate cognitive function. Thinking but not too much, turning your full attention to browsing to distract yourself from the tingling in your arms—those are the ideal conditions for picking out good clothes. I’ve gotten lots of my most favorite things this way. A pair of pastel woodgrain bell-bottoms picked up from a vintage store with false teeth and intimidating dildos in the window. A sapphire vegan suede jacket with epaulets found in Austin after a night, then a morning on the tiles. An even more ostentatiously ruffly $10 minidress worn to great acclaim to last year's Pirelli Calendar party in Paris. But the best hungover purchase of all—make that best purchase ever—has to be a stupid red T-shirt printed with the words “pop tart” above an unknown youth’s full, sympathetic face.  Hungover shopping removes many of the same obstacles as its wetter iteration.That one came into my life immediately after I pronounced that I was “gonna get the weirdest thing in here” and plunged my hand into a rack of tie-dyed castoffs from middle school sports teams and long-ago spirit weeks. It serendipitously has the name of the street I live on printed on the back too, but what I like about it most is that, whenever I wear it, it reminds me—of being young and dumb, of bad margaritas with good friends, and of one long, well-wasted, perfect Sunday in a life. 1. Shrimps, $522 BUY IT2. Camp Collection, $44 BUY IT3. Adornmode, $88 BUY IT 4. Dorateymur, $435 BUY IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Who needs them anyway?Kim Kardashian went to Disneyland on Tuesday with her sister Kourtney Kardashian, their friend Larsa Pippen, and lots of children in tow. It seemed like a really fun time, especially because the crew met Beauty and the Beast. And what does one wear while greeting this iconic, royal, fictional couple?...Clearly just an oversized, nondescript, dark T-shirt will do. Throw some sneakers on and you are done. Definitely nothing missing from this outfit equation!Yeah, maybe other people would wear pants with this ensemble (Kourtney had shorts on, at least) but Kim just doesn't need them. The group hit up Minnie's house and a few other landmarks of the park during what was a truly magical day. North wore a DIY'd Mickey dress with lacy black ears, which was extremely adorable.Want to get in on Kim's edgy new bottomless style? Shop the oversized tees below!BUY NOW Black Oversized Boyfriend T-Shirt, PRETTY LITTLE THING, $15BUY NOW Oversized T-Shirt With Snoop Dogg Print, ASOS, $32From: Cosmopolitan US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She's basically balancing on sculptures.While you were happy crying over Selena Gomez and Demi Lovato's adorable red carpet reunion, I was busy hyperventilating over Selena's feet.Just look at those shoes!Shop similar: Jacquemus, $545BUY ITIt's like a sculpture under each Jacquemus heel! And what we really want to know is, how could she walk? Was it with a bit of a limp? Or has she got the walking in mismatched heels thing down?To balance out her bonkers footwear, Sel slayed a spaghetti strap LBD (by the same designer) with such intense '90s vibes, I can practically hear the Spice Girls playing. Shop similar: Jacquemus, $665BUY ITNot to mention all of her uber-cute jewelry and that slicked-back hairstyle. 10/10.From: Seventeen		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The competition is fierce for the 2017 Fashion Awards. The nominees for the British Fashion Council's 2017 Fashion Awards have officially been announced. Along with the expected designer and model contenders, this year's awards also brought about a few newcomer nominees. Rihanna's Fenty Puma and Supreme were both nominated for the first time ever as Urban Luxury Brand of the Year alongside Vetements, Off-White and Gosha Rubchinskiy. As for the Model of The Year, the competition is fierce this year with Kaia Gerber making her debut as a nominee following her first-ever runway season. The 16-year-old daughter of Cindy Crawford is up against Bella and Gigi Hadid, Adwoa Aboah, and Winnie Harlow. Last year, the prestigious award went to Gigi Hadid—but will it go to Gerber this year following her runway success? Or Bella, who has been virtually everywhere in the fashion industry this year?This year's awards will be held on December 4th at Royal Albert Hall. Until then, see the full list of nominees below. Model of the YearUrban Luxe Brand Accessories Designer of the Year British Designer of the Year: Menswear British Designer of the Year: Womenswear Designer of the Year British Emerging Talent: Menswear British Emerging Talent: Womenswear Business Leader From: Harper's BAZAAR US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Just wait until you see the back... The ancient Mayans may have ended their calendars on December 21, 2012 but let the history records reflect that the world actually ended in the year of our Lord 2017 when, amongst other things, the jeans apocalypse officially hit. This year we've seen a growing list of unconventional denim trends but last week at Amazon Fashion Week Tokyo, the most naked pair of jeans to ever exist made their official debut. Hitting the runway at new designer Thibaut's show, the barely-there style took cut-out jeans to an entirely new level with the front and back panels of the legs cut out, leaving nothing but the seams. And if you thought that was a look, please brace yourself for the rearview (pun intended) of the jeans...Yes, thong jeans now exist and if you'll excuse me, I'm off to start my official Make Jeans Whole Again campaign. From: Harper's BAZAAR US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Gigi Hadid, Bella Hadid, and Kaia Gerber are fans of Stalvey's ladylike styles. You might not have noticed but Gigi Hadid has been playing favorites with her handbags recently. Although the supermodel has access to all of the biggest designer labels in the world, there seems to be only one that she wants to tote around at the moment—and you probably won’t have heard of it, until now. A few months back, Hadid was spotted carrying a mini snakeskin, top-handled tote from accessory brand, Stalvey. Since then, she has been seen with countless other bags from the label (in red, black, white and more)—and has been using them to accessorize everything from casual denim ensembles to night-out attire.Of course, it wasn’t long before the bags caught younger sister Bella’s eye and she soon stepped out with her very own version (or perhaps, stole Gigi’s). During fashion month, it was the bag to be seen with, meaning that Kaia Gerber, Naomi Campbell, and Hailey Baldwin all snapped one up.However, if you’re wanting to follow suit and pick up one of these supermodel-approved totes, then you might want to start saving. A Stalvey bag can retail from around $5,000 to $15,000, depending on which exotic material you’re after.The brand is known for creating classic, timeless accessories in exotic animal skins, including lizard, alligator and ostrich. It was launched by Jason Stalvey who actually had a history in business and neuroscience before turning to luxury fashion.  The brand was launched in 2014 but has only recently made its way onto the supermodel scene.If these models have convinced you to splash out, you can pick up a number of the handbags online at Moda Operandi, but be prepared to pay around a 50 per cent deposit. These are the two at the top of our wish lists.Mini Alligator Beauty Case 1.7, $1,300 SHOPMini Lizard Top Handle 2.0, $4,800 SHOPFrom: Harper's BAZAAR UK		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Giving new meaning to "fashion victim." Although real life at the moment is far more terrifying than anything Stephen King could dream up and then turn into a poorly adapted network show, there's always fashion to make the hairs on the back of your neck stand up. Here, 20 to send shivers down your spine. We're starting out soft here (and with a mini McQueen tribute), but don't underestimate this undead Ophelia—she'll still haunt you until you go mad and jump in the river.What every gothic horror movie costume wishes it could be. Cruella de Vil/plastic surgery patient vibes. Watch Ryan Murphy make that the next American Horror Story spin-off theme.You meet her in a dark alley, what do you do? (Me: Run toward her screaming "Take me away from here!") Whereas with these girls, there would be no dark alley left, because I would have set it on fire immediately.Mostly scared of how sweaty you'd get putting that on and waddling around, smacking people on the sidewalk. Arachnophobics right now: "Nope nope nope nope."Anatomy lesson.I think I saw her on Ancient Aliens once.To be fair, marriage has been a form of imprisonment, historically.The "Humble" music video before the "Humble" music video.Like some skin condition that causes crystals to grow over your face until you can't breathe. The air quality in there can't be that great, so props to Kanye for still being able to go on 10-minute rants in one. Here's Johnny! Sansa Stark during her punk phase/when she usurps the throne in a magnificently bloody way.U ok, hun? When you're having a bad face day.When ball is life.See you in my nightmares. "Hi, I'm here for the sex party?"Friday afternoon: "I'm just going to stay in tonight." Sunday morning: 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			This Vuitton or that one?Did you hear? Sansa Stark is engaged to be married to that dude with the side bangs from Camp Rock! But what'll they wear to say "I do," given that they will be free from the constraints of Westeros-ian/2008 Disney Channel verisimilitude? We've done some virtual shopping and presented our wedding picks ahead.  Okay, I don't know what the itinerary for the Turner-Jonas nuptials will be, but I am almost certain that a Machiavellian scheme to wipe out an entire bloodline will not be on the schedule. (Neither will Final Jam, for that matter.) Therefore, Turner could...Turner it out in this angelic draped number, which would complement her hair marvelously. Shop similar: Giambattista Valli, $4,570BUY ITAnd I guess Joe would be at the rehearsal dinner or whatever, so here ya go. He's got both enough sauve to carry this sapphire Tom Ford suit off. Now onto the main event. Although Turner's off-screen style skews clean and even a bit futuristic, and we know that actors are not their characters, we still couldn't resist pulling this Vera Wang gown, which is almost like an elaborate Thrones costume turned inside out.A bit more likely is this embellished mini, as Turner seems to prefer short hemlines—as cool brides of any age could, and should, definitely consider. Shop similar: Viktor & Rolf, $2,637BUY ITWait, why is this here again? Oh, right: Joe. A white tux can be really timeless, and this one also fits with the "fun, young couple" vibe.She's never worn anything this fussy before, but there's a first for everything, ain't there? And what better time than one's nuptials to a former teen heartthrob to pull out all the stops in a beribboned, tulle meringue of a gown? Throw a lining under there, and we're good. Wildcard! If we were betting men, we'd put our chips down for Nicholas Ghesquière being heavily involved in this wedding, as Turner is a face of Louis Vuitton. In our dreams, she'd go ambling down that aisle in this vaguely space-cowboy-ish ensemble..to meet Joe Jonas wearing a similar suit. Iconic. Shop similar: Mango, $170BUY ITThey've been pronounced man and wife, so no more waiting for the fun bit. For the after-party, how about this pleated, one-shoulder dress (another silhouette Turner seems to like)? Or this sparkly, swingy guy, which already looks lovely on this model with similar coloring? And for the perfect leaving look, back to Vuitton for cropped trousers, a belted vest, and dad sneakers. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Get ready, Zara addicts. If you're addicted to Zara but sick of having the same pieces as everyone else, good news: The store's sister brand is finally making its way to the U.S. Meet Bershka: The European retailer offering up on-trend pieces at an affordable price point (yes, just like Zara). The brand, which is also owned by the Inditex Group, targets a bit of a younger customer than Zara, but still specializes in fashion-forward pieces you can weave into your work and weekend wardrobes. Though Bershka launched its online store in the U.S. this past spring, the brand is officially making its brick-and-mortar debut with a pop-up location in New York.Located at 580 Broadway in SoHo, Bershka's first U.S. store will be open for a three-month period from now through January 2018. It's unclear if the brand intends to launch a temporary U.S. location in the future, but the new pop-up comes just in time for holiday shopping season. If you're not located in New York to check out Bershka IRL, you can still shop the brand's fashion-forward pieces online. From vinyl skirts to plaid blazers, '90s-inspired puffers and more, the pieces mostly range from $25 to $60 for apparel and $9 to $30 for accessories. Shop them now at bershka.com.  It's just a game, get the looks ⏯🎮 Shop in bioA post shared by  Bershka (@bershkacollection) on Oct 11, 2017 at 9:53am PDTFrom: Harper's BAZAAR US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Each woman styled the print of the season differently.Emerging as one of autumn's hottest trends, grey checked suiting has taken over everywhere from the street-style scene to the A-list to Instagram (if you haven't seen at least five bloggers wearing a grey plaid blazer, you may want to consult your optometrist for an eye exam). The latest to test-drive the look is none other than Blake Lively, who opted for a grey checked Ralph Lauren suit yesterday during one of her seven outfit changes. But the actress wasn't the first to step out in Ralph Lauren's Spring 2018 menswear-inspired suit. In September, First Lady Melania Trump wore the same double-breasted suit to hear her husband speak at the United Nations, making for an unexpected twinning moment.Proving the versatility of this season's ubiquitous suit trend, Lively fully committed to the menswear-inspired look, leaving her blazer buttoned up with a matching overcoat draped on top, and accessorising with lace-up boots, a briefcase-like Michael Kors bag, a black tie, and pocket squares. FLOTUS, meanwhile, went for a more relaxed take with her jacket unbuttoned, revealing a black blouse underneath. The power of the power suit, indeed. From: Harper's BAZAAR US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			These ensembles are our best offer.You've brushed up your LinkedIn. You've loaded it with enough keywords to bypass the résumé-scanning algorithm. Now, what do you wear to the interview to clinch the deal and convince your potential future employer that you aren't three kids stacked up and wrapped in a trench coat? Here, 15 bright outfit ideas ahead. Have you got a white shirt? Is it actually still white, though? Take it to the cleaners first, then wear it with a low-key fashion-y midi skirt and heels. Yer an adult, 'arry.If it's a more creative gig you're being interrogated for, and it's cold out, layer a turtleneck under there, swap the skirt for trousers, and add boots.Shop similar: Tibi, $325BUY ITOr choose checked culottes and a good coat, which 100 percent makes a difference in bearing, if not first impressions, should an assistant take it away from you before the big song-and-dance. But it's the confidence that counts.Now we move on to the suit segment, in which I show you a bunch of different-cut suits and differently styled ones. Basically, suit propaganda. Here is VB in an immaculately slouchy one with an absolutely perfect pant break. In contrast, Carrie Brownstein's suit personality is youthful and cropped (pants-wise) but also lengthened (jacket-wise).Shop similar: Church's, $550BUY ITWhereas Cate Blanchett's is roomy and relaxed but tied together in color and print.Essentially, if you want to be ready to interview at a phone call's notice, you should have a suit of some sort, even if it is cobbled together from separates. Easy enough to accomplish if you look for dark colors and fabric of similar weight.Shop similar: Courrèges, $175BUY ITAs the suit part of this program ends, the alterna-suit portion begins. Maggie G.'s co-ords, though pajama-like in fit, could work as they're also one cohesive set. Still, best avoid if you're trying for a corporate law job.I do think you could wear jeans to an interview, though you must play it by ear, and your ear must hear something like, "We're pretty chill around here." Then, you could go ahead and tuck a roomy button-down into the darkest-wash pair you own. In this case, dressy shoes are a must.Shop similar: Topshop, $75BUY ITOr, to play it a bit safer and feel as tall and lithe as Gigi Hadid, pretty much any well-cut separates in the same color will do. Ditto, but with a pretty pleated skirt. Use your judgment on sparkly Chanel boots.Complementary colors totally go too, as seen on Claire Foy.If you're very confident about your color sense and/or are auditioning for a role for which you would need solid color sense. Shop similar: Tibi, $425BUY ITAnd if you're less confident, tones in the same color family are a safe bet. Or, as always, black and navy. Which, yes, can go together. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			From Lauren Conrad, to Kate Hudson, to Aja Naomi King.The 8th Annual Veuve Clicquot Polo Classic took place at Will Rogers State Historic Park on October 14, 2017 in Pacific Palisades, California. From Aja Naomi King to Lauren Conrad, stars turned out in a stunning array of dresses, jumpsuits, and hats for the event.In Johanna Ortiz, with the Clare V. Petite Alice bag.In the Shoshanna Midnight Najlah Dress.From: Harper's BAZAAR US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Halloween but make it fashun. As Halloween quickly approaches, it's time to get your costume on lock. For the fashion girls who don't want to sacrifice style, why not try a costume with pieces from your own closet mixed with pieces you can wear again? From the timeless Holly Golightly to Karl Lagerfeld and his cat Choupette, get inspired by these 15 stylish costume ideas. Plus, shop the affordable pieces to get each look. Key Pieces: Tulle Skirt and Strappy Heels PrettyLittleThing bodysuit, $15, prettylittlething.us.SHOPDymade tutu, $9, walmart.com.SHOPBadgley Mischka heels, $59, nordstrom.com.SHOPKey Pieces: Fingerless gloves and sunglasses for Karl; white cat ears and faux fur for ChoupetteChanel sunglasses, $350, chanel.com.SHOPCutegirl cat ears, $9, amazon.com.SHOPKarl Lagerfeld gloves, $125, karl.com.SHOPKey Pieces: Blonde Wig, Red Lipstick, and White DressPrettyLittleThing dress, $45, prettylittlething.us.SHOPCalifornia Costumes wig, $13, amazon.com.SHOPKey Pieces: Fur Coat, Gloves, and Red Barrette Unreal Fur coat, $399, unrealfur.com.SHOPKey Pieces: Little black dress, Black gloves, and PearlsDahlia tiara comb, $14, amazon.com.SHOPSeasonsTrading gloves, $8, amazon.com.SHOPCristabelle necklace, $68, nordstrom.com.SHOPKey Pieces: A headband and plaid blazer Bella Headbands headband, $15, etsy.com.SHOPBanana Republic blazer, $178, bananarepublic.com.SHOPKey Pieces: Snake jewelry, Dramatic winged liner, and Jeweled braidsRobert Lee Morris necklace, $45, macys.com; Maybelline eyeliner, $9, ulta.com; Kiko cream shadow, $9, kikocosmetics.com; Spirit Halloween snake cuff, $7, spirithalloween.com; Target "Cleopatra" wig, $12, target.com.Key Pieces: Oversized sunglasses, Baggy clothing, A fur coat, and Starbucks cupH&M; faux fur jacket, $35, hm.com.SHOPElizabeth & James sunglasses, $215, bloomingdales.com.SHOP...and a Starbucks cup from your local Starbucks ☕Key Pieces: A Plaid Skirt Suit and Thigh-High SocksPrettyLittleThing crop top, $15, prettylittlething.us.SHOPPrettyLittleThing skirt, $15, prettylittlething.us.SHOPTarget socks, $5, target.com.SHOPKey Pieces: Large Round Specs and Statement Jewelry ZeroUV glasses, $10, rakuten.com.SHOPFun Express feather boa, $10, amazon.com.SHOPIris Apfel x INC bracelets, $12, macys.com.SHOPKey Pieces: Pink and Blue Shiny Dresses and Sequin Shoes Twin-Set dress, $103, yoox.com; Diane von Furstenberg dress, $411, farfetch.com; Topshop glitter sandals, $90, topshop.com; Steve Madden slides, $49, lordandtaylor.com.Key Pieces: Black and White Fur and Dalmatian Stuffed ToyUnreal Fur jacket, $180, unrealfur.com; Forum Novelties gloves, $9, amazon.com; Dooley Dalmatian stuffed toy, $11, amazon.com; MAC lipstick, $10, nordstrom.com.Key Pieces: Black Off-the-Shoulder Top, Leather Leggings, and Red ShoesPrettyLittleThing crop top, $12, prettylittlething.us.SHOPH&M; leggings, $25, hm.com.SHOPDolce Vita mules, $50, nordstromrack.com.SHOPKey Pieces: Retro bathing suit, cat-eye sunglasses, and DIY Barbie boxMercari vintage swimsuit, $49, mercari.com.SHOPStella McCartney sunglasses, $485, net-a-porter.com.SHOPKey Pieces: Over-The-Knee Black Boots and A Cut-out DressJessica Simpson boots, $100, dillards.com.SHOPHunza G Pretty Woman dress, $215, asos.com.SHOPFrom: Harper's BAZAAR US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Snuggly and chic.A sweater is like wearing a hug except you never have to worry about being held for 12 seconds too long or whether a jumper has ulterior motives for hugging you. This is good, as people suck more than ever now, and proper hugs are in short supply. So make them obsolete with the 21 snuggly, cuddly (but never in an awkward way) options ahead. Canada Goose, $295BUY ITI have it on good authority that this temperature-controlled V-neck wears very well. Aritzia, $145BUY ITThe retro chalet fondue dream lives on.Aritzia, $135BUY ITHas ties that wrap around your midriff so you can pretend you're a ballerina, even if you had to quit barre because of weak ankles.French Connection, $188BUY ITGet the one with brown faux fur wrists. Front Row Shop, $67BUY ITWear it with an open back or back-to-front as a cardi. Genuine People, $118BUY ITAdd a high-waist skirt, and you're a high-powered executive who's personal friends with the Proenza Schouler boys. H&M;, $80BUY ITSUCH big sleeves, the better for wapping ignorant people across the face. H&M;, $80BUY ITHighly Prada-y (again, "Pradery") print to be mixed with several other prints. J.Crew, $118BUY ITTheir famous roll-neck is back and better than ever. Joe Fresh, $29BUY ITFeel like Anna Dello Russo as you lounge.Madewell, $175BUY ITFeel even more like Anna Dello Russo as you lounge in a cashmere hoodie.Madewell, $79.50BUY ITGo West, young lady, because that's a growing trend on the runways you could reference with a bandana-print sweater. Maggie Marilyn, $340BUY ITVintage sports stripes meet modern street-style bait. Pixie Market, $128BUY ITThank goodness for the ribbed wrists (so the Skittles you're hiding in the balloon sleeves don't fall out, ya know?).Topshop, $80BUY ITCool neckline, bro. Topshop, $75BUY ITIn case you couldn't get your hands on (read: afford) last year's baby blue mohair pointelle sweater with the voluminous sleeves.YAS, $100BUY ITNow to find a white polka-dot slip dress to wear underneath.J.W. Anderson x Uniqlo, $50BUY ITOh, look—it's the sweater you've seen everywhere but still want. Uniqlo U, $50BUY ITLayer a dress in a similar color underneath, thank me later.Whistles, $199BUY ITHave sweaty elbow creases and/or biceps? Problem solved.Zara, $90BUY ITFair Isle, but make it sparkly.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"There is inner beauty too. Your face or body may be burnt but not your mind."Eight survivors of brutal acid attacks took part in a live-streamed fashion show in London earlier this week.The men and women, none of whom had ever left their home country, flew to the U.K. from Bangladesh to take part in the Survivors Runway show launched by the charity ActionAid. The show was intended to put a spotlight on the brutality of acid attacks and violence against women and girls, and to build on the work being done by charities like ActionAid to end such horrors.The survivors' stories are harrowing. One of the models was attacked with acid as a baby, along with her mother and father, after a land dispute involving her family. Another woman, Jasmen, 30, was attacked at age 16 by an older, male family friend who apparently believed that, because she would be more vulnerable after the attack, her family would be more likely to approve of him marrying her.Another woman, 35-year-old Nurun Nahar, had acid thrown over her in 1995 by her ex-husband when she refused to go home with his new wife. She had to walk nearly a mile for treatment and was hospitalized for two months. Though her ex-husband threatened she would never re-marry, she did and today is a mother.Supported by the male survivors, the women—nervously, at first—walked down the runway wearing vibrant colors in outfits created by designer and former model Bibi Russell.Soon enough, the music turned up and even the audience danced down the runway. Well done to everyone involved in @ActionAidUK ‘s #survivorrunway ❤️ #WithWomenSurvivors pic.twitter.com/azBjcfxFkT"I like to break the social stigma that's attached to acid survivors," Nurun Nahar said. There is inner beauty too. Your face or body may be burnt but not your mind. You can still carry on and do what you want in life."I want to set an example of moving forward with good thinking and ask others to recognize what we are doing and not feel sorry for us." From: Cosmopolitan US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			A dress you won't regret. For some brides, princess ball gowns just won't do. If that’s you, take the simple-but-not-basic route with Viktor & Rolf's elegant A-lines, a wintry suit from Monique Lhuillier, a sheath dress worthy of Carolyn Bessett, or more ahead. From: ELLE US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Boo.Friday the 13th has been co-opted by low-budget horror movies and rebranded as fatally unlucky at worst and inconveniently unlucky at best. But tell me: How is that different from the other 364 days? At least this year, though, you'll have these 10 suspiciously good picks to shop—before you're forced to relive your own murder, day after day, until you can defeat a masked villain. Or whatever.8 Other Reasons, $46BUY ITIn accessories, the big story is clear acrylic, which these earrings incorporate as the weakest most transparent link in a chain. Crap Eyewear, $58BUY ITThe name = mood, always, while the shape = mood too (chunky, modish, heavy enough visually to make people wonder if your ears ache). H&M;, $70BUY ITYeah, baby, that's a calf-length, fully sequined skirt. Chuck it into the cart.Mango, $60BUY ITWith your frilliest, puffiest white shirt and some good-girl loafers. Dope.Hysteria by Happy Socks, $18BUY ITBelieve it or not, a pair of trophy socks can change your outlook on your closet. Wear with equally bright-colored sneakers, like a yellow Gazelle. Raid, $43BUY ITSpeaking of, here are some high-vamp kitten heels, which feel extremely right at the moment and work with pants both big and small. Skinny Dip, $24BUY ITJEFF KOONS EARRINGS.Uniqlo U, $60BUY ITChristophe Lemaire has made some of Uniqlo's best, most expensive-looking clothes, like this contoured, mock-neck dress. Click the button to see how it flares on the model. Dream Collective, $40BUY ITYou need a barrette, so why not make it a reference to your misspent youth? Zara, $40BUY ITHaha, this bag.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			As the 59th model walked down Balenciaga's Spring 2018 runway, you noticed her acid green slip dress first. Then the flouncy movement of its delicate fabric and its knee-high peekaboo slit. Then a slow pan to...her pair of 10-centimeter, double-decker Crocs plonking solidly down the runway like two sturdy warships below a billowing handkerchief hem.Unexpected, given that the 58 women before her had marched in knife-point pumps and over-the-knee boots. Even curiouser that creative director Demna Gvasalia would include slingback rubber clogs in a collection of subverted workwear, like Melanie Griffith gone to Mitte.Crocs were never meant for fashion girls—they were designed with function in mind at the expense of form.But he's not the only designer to pair Crocs with cocktail dresses in recent seasons—Christopher Kane memorably showed tiger-striped, Swarovski-trimmed pairs for the first time exactly a year ago, before reimagining them again for this spring, dripping in diamanté. So how did Crocs find footing among fashion's most creative after years of being sidestepped as the shoe of bleached-tipped TV chefs and moms who garden? Well, it's a funny story. The thing about Crocs is that they were never meant for fashion girls—in every way, they were designed with function in mind, some would say at the expense of form. Hole-pocked uppers provide aeration and prevent odors, while the spongey, antibacterial body ends in a roomy toe box slightly upturned like a duck's bill to allow for comfort from constraint. When worn, the Croc visually creates a wide, foreshortened foot, like a toddler's, which runs counter to the typical (and typically feminine) pursuit of smaller and sleeker. But that is precisely the effect Christopher Kane was after, the designer said in an interview with Fast Company. (It might also explain why the "extra clunky" shoe seldom looks very cute on anyone but children.)And in Crocs' manufacturing, too, utility and efficiency come first, though that's not to say there's no artistry involved. After popping out of a 3-D mold—based on a prototype someone had to design, mind you—the shoes expand in seconds, not unlike a pasta extruder hypnotically spiraling out rotini. This is the technology that allows the company to keep up with rip-roaring demand (according to internal numbers, 50 million pairs are sold worldwide each year) and execute its special collaboration with Balenciaga in just under 10 weeks from the initial phone call, says Michelle Poole, Crocs' senior vice president of global product and marketing. Compare this to ateliers like Valentino, who pride themselves on the hundreds upon hundreds of hours their petites mains spend pinning and embroidering and beading and chiaroscuro-ing mink onto a single couture dress.But with Crocs x Balenciaga and Crocs x Christopher Kane (times two), are the high and low, the old and new, the man- and machine-made, meeting in the middle? (The classic tale.) And what does partnership with the most polarizing of brands mean for collab-mania, the schtick that designers keep performing of "elevating" Ikea, Hanes, the North Face, and famously 18 mass-market brands at once for Spring 2017? It brings us to a sartorial Ship of Theseus.After popping out of a 3-D mold, the shoes expand in seconds, not unlike a pasta extruder hypnotically spiraling out rotini.Like said thought experiment (which asks if an object is still fundamentally the same after its parts have been replaced), what does it mean to take the readymade, slap a logo on, and move the decimal point a few places to the right? How much of a brand's signature jacket or bag must remain for it to retain its sense of self? Or, in the most explicit example, when you sell what ostensibly looks like a white Hanes T-shirt that's available in packs of three at Walmart for $12, but call it Vetements and price it at 10 times that, what even is it anymore?That's one for the philosophers to grapple with, but the answer is clear to Crocs, who say they've welcomed new fans and detractors alike, while soundly rejecting the notion that the brand might reposition itself in the fashion fashion space."We haven’t lost sight of who we are, which is a very democratic brand that really focuses on delivering style and comfort and great value," Poole says. "So while it’s really exciting to create on the high end, what we will never walk away from is serving our brand loyalists and making sure that moms, kids, firemen, cheerleaders, the whole broad range of consumers who love our brand, are never disappointed." Perhaps, then, the point is to make new friends, but keep the old, as the saying goes. To introduce Crocs to a radically different demographic that might've sneered at them before. (Beyond a few early adapters, like model Hanne Gaby Odiele and writer Pandora Sykes, fashion people have proved reluctant.) Because, historically, Crocs have been the shoe of nurses and line cooks: people who work hard standing on their feet all day to make a living. So to make them appealing to influencers and editors—whose work is far less physically demanding—is reversing the current, albeit with a (literally and figuratively) heightened version. This is not the top-down trickle of yore—this flips the ever-invoked "bringing high design to the masses" refrain on its head.This is not the top-down trickle of yore, like with those much-beloved collections of Lanvin at H&M or Jean Paul Gaultier at Target—this is a different exchange program entirely, flipping the ever-invoked "bringing high design to the masses" refrain on its head. Just as the Croc produces a grounding effect visually when paired with sheer hosiery and fine tulle and lace, it does in attitude too—one that's pervading the industry as a whole, with fashion pivoting to a consumer-first experience versus one that dribbles down a steeply inaccessible slope. (Think: New York Fashion Week slowly opening to the public or the proliferation of direct-to-consumer retailers.) So this time, it wasn't some people high up in a faraway tower who chose that proverbial lumpy cerulean sweater for us to wear—this time, we chose it for ourselves.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Tweeds, florals, animal prints—as the latest designer to team up with the Swedish retailer, Erdem Moralioglu does not disappoint.Since it was announced back in July that London-based label Erdem would be the next designer to collaborate with fast-fashion retailer H&M, the fashion world has been waiting with bated breath. (A whimsical film directed by Baz Luhrmann teasing the release only added to the hype.) Now, we’re getting our first peek. On Thursday the brand released a lookbook—shot by Michal Pudelka, who’s known for his dreamy images—showcasing every beautiful piece from the collection, from feminine floral gowns and sequin slip dresses to tweed suits and Victorian-neckline blouses.For inspiration, Moralioglu looked to his childhood. “I found myself reflecting on how we dressed throughout high school, and thinking about pieces that my mother and sister wore when I was growing up.” Slouchy Fair Isle knits recall those his sisters used to layer over tea dresses and army boots, while a tweed overcoat echoes one owned by his father (which his mother used to throw on to drive the kids to school).  “I was also inspired by the Bruce Weber-directed video for the Pet Shop Boys song ‘Being Boring’,” says Moralioglu, who worked in other nods to ‘90s culture like cropped mohair sweaters (inspired by Lara Flynn Boyle chain-smoking Twin Peaks character). “It led me to think about a group of friends coming together at an English country house, finding these pieces and wearing them in their own way.” His favorite look? A double-breasted suit borrowed from a design in the menswear collection (a first for the womenswear designer, who had never before tackled mens clothing). “During fittings, I put the men’s single-breasted suit on our female fit model. She looked so good in it that we had to make a version for women,” he says. “It’s double-breasted to create more of a contrast between masculine and feminine, and the trousers are boyish and wide with a high-cut waist. It’s about re-examining silhouettes and understanding how they can be moved and re-appropriated in different ways.” Tailored separates aside, Erdem fans will be pleased to find his signature feminine dresses—namely sequined slips, flirty cocktail numbers, and floor-grazing lace gowns.“The idea that people who don’t know what I do will become familiar with my work feels extraordinary,” says Moralioglu, who, as the 17th designer to collaborate with H&M, follows in the footsteps of heavyweights like Balmain, Stella McCartney, Karl Lagerfeld, and Isabel Marant. “It feels very democratic to be offering what you do to a much bigger group of people around the world, and to do so with a collection that is made so beautifully, with such attention to detail.” He's certainly got our vote.The H&M x Erdem collection will be available to buy worldwide in H&M stores and online starting November 2nd.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Hot date, anyone?Aside from the shutterbugs and Michelin-starred menus, celebrity date nights are just like ours in that we all just want to look and feel good when out with our SOs. Of course, this means different things to different women—some opting for a tried-and-true T-shirt and jeans ensemble, while others are keen on vamping it up in a LBD. These 20 stars show us all how it's done, from every point on the spectrum."Dude, where's my car?" but with a full-length kimono, a much cleverer alternative to, say, a blazer. And the bedroom associations don't hurt either, eh? Shop similar: Anthropologie, $138BUY ITYou're not about to pour yourself into a trumpet skirt for just anybody, so make it count—with a combat boot, which is far cooler than a teeter-y heel. Not every partner will "get" paperbag-waist vinyl trousers, but that's not really your concern, is it? (Zayn gets it.) But you'll be seen, mostly, north of your waistband, so pair them with something a bit less cerebral, like a lace-trimmed crop top.Shop similar: Topshop, $75BUY ITOutfit: floaty dress, heels, pretty. Beauty: Deep side part, soft makeup. Altogether, a classically feminine package you know will always work, which you do want sometimes. Sticking with the all-white theme, we've got a less traditional take with head-to-toe textured white in relaxed silhouettes. The easiest way to look and feel long and lean. Another vote for monochrome. For a day date, you can't go wrong with a button-down tucked into wide-leg jeans, and boots. Cross-body okay for this situation.And on the opposite end of the spectrum, we've got a bra top under a sheer shirt, and 75 percent of a skirt. No clearer way to say "homeboy's gonna, like, get it."Similarly, a bodysuit is inconvenient to use the bathroom in, but worth it for the streamlined shape/balancing a fire-engine red coat.Kookaï, $70BUY ITMake way. Power couple coming through.Shop similar: Solace London, $565BUY ITDitto, but like "Music Industry Power Couple" Ken and Barbie. The beauty of a jumpsuit is that it's as easy to wear as it is stylish. Teigen adds even more flair by stealing John Legend's suit jacket and wearing it on her shoulders. (Always a good way to add a little something/keep warm, in a pinch.)Miller proves that a black fedora can upgrade a simpler outfit, like her striped button-up and black trousers, in one fell swoop. Invest in one to add a cool touch to your look, whether you're grabbing drinks at lounge or just heading to the movies.Prinsloo's plunging red shift dress essentially characterizes "hot date." With a look like this, be sure not to overdo it with the accessories. You can't go wrong with pendant earrings and point-toe pumps.Shop similar: Urban Outfitters, $69BUY ITFor a casual summer evening date, keep it breezy in a tailored maxi dress, in a vivid color or soft floral print. (You also can't deny the cute-meets-practical factor of a leather cross-body bag.)In summer, it's always key to layer, as you never know when you'll be hit with some subzero air conditioning. (Ahem, movie theaters.) If you love the athleisure trend, layer a letterman jacket over micro-mini bottoms, like high-waisted shorts or a leather skirt.Shop similar: Coach, $895BUY ITClooney knows the power of a minidress for showing off her stems. But so as not to overdo it, she wears a lightweight shawl jacket that's just cool enough for a hot summer night.When in doubt, you can't go wrong with a summery tank and skirt combination. Bosworth nails it with her textured cream top and a form-fitting, mixed-print skirt and strappy sandal heels.Say what you will, but Kim knows how to turn up the heat on a date while keeping things decidedly chic. Here, she dons a tailored blazer dress, which is an unexpected date choice in the *best way.*Shop similar: ASOS, $45BUY ITWhen you have nothing to wear, simply make like Amal and slip into  a bloom-printed, flared frock,  and sexy lace-up sandals. Done.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Be warned: It'll cost you.They are very few people out there who can say they've worn an Oscar de la Renta dress on their wedding day. But there's only one woman in the world who can claim to have worn one of the last wedding gowns the Dominican fashion designer designed before his death.That woman is human rights lawyer Amal Clooney.For her lavish Italian wedding to George Clooney in 2014, the new mother of two wore an off-the-shoulder, ivory beaded-tulle "Oscar" dress with an exaggerated veil, less than a month before the famous fashion designer passed away. And now, the iconic dress is on display at The Glamour and Romance of Oscar de la Renta exhibition at the Museum of Fine Arts, Houston in Houston, Texas. George Clooney and Amal Alamuddin share their wedding photos exclusively with HELLO! http://t.co/kWs3Yr3mGY pic.twitter.com/HICsknTsjZFashion legend André Leon Talley, who curated the exhibit, told WWD: "It's on loan from Mrs. Clooney, but we have been very anxious to have that dress for so long. We wanted it [for last year's Oscar de la Renta retrospective at San Francisco's de Young museum], but Mrs. Clooney reached me through her assistant to say that she felt it was too early to have her dress in an exhibit after she married [George Clooney]." Wedding dress of Mrs. Amal Clooney. Oscar de la Renta exhibit, Houston Museum of Fine Arts. Oscar de la Renta stressed the importance of clothes being appropriate and practical, the woman must be comfortable as well as gorgeous. I really want to try something on ✨A post shared by @ amuseabroad on Oct 8, 2017 at 3:31pm PDTThe exhibition will also feature pieces on loan from the likes of Beyoncé—who was born and raised in Houston—and Annette de la Renta (the wife of the late designer)."It's about beauty," Talley said of the curation. "A celebration of this great man's life and I think it's quite inspiring and wonderful."We couldn't agree more.From: ELLE UK		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Wait...what?Later this month, American fashion company Coach will change its name to Tapestry. The retail giant, which now owns Stuart Weitzman and Kate Spade, in addition to its namesake Coach line, is making the shift to better incorporate all of its brands. Of the change, Coach CEO Victor Luis said Wednesday that the name Tapestry, "speaks to creativity, craftsmanship, authenticity and inclusivity."New corporate website Tapestry.com describes the business in similar terms."We are a global house of brands powered by optimism, innovation, and inclusivity," it says. "We believe true luxury is a freedom of expression that ignites confidence and authenticity. At Tapestry, anyone from anywhere can have the best idea, and with hard work and dedication, anything is possible."The popular leather handbag and shoe line will still go by Coach, only now under the larger Tapestry corporate name. Coach Inc. will also change its ticker symbol on the New York Stock Exchange from "COH," to "TPR."From: Town & Country US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Say goodbye to those fur-lined loafers. Following the takeover of those ubiquitous fur-lined backless loafers, Gucci is officially going fur-free, starting with its Spring 2018 collection. The announcement was made by CEO Marco Bizarri today during the 2017 Kering Talk at The London College of Fashion. After working with The Humane Society of the U.S. and LAV (an Italian-based animal welfare group), Gucci's joining of the Fur Free Alliance ensures the brand will stop all use of animal fur including mink, coyote, raccoon dog, fox, rabbit, karakul, and all other species specially bred or caught for fur.“Being socially responsible is one of Gucci’s core values, and we will continue to strive to do better for the environment and animals. With the help of HSUS and LAV, Gucci is excited to take this next step and hopes it will help inspire innovation and raise awareness, changing the luxury fashion industry for the better," Bizarri said of the brand's decision. Considering its many statement-making fur coats and staple fur-lined mules, the announcement is a pretty big move for the Italian fashion house. In the beginning of 2017, Gucci started inching towards this new stance by halting the use of Kangaroo fur in its Princetown loafer line, opting to use lamb's wool instead.Gucci is just the latest luxury brand to ban the use of fur, following Stella McCartney, Giorgio Armani, Hugo Boss, and Net-A-Porter. Considering its impact on not only the Kering group but the luxury fashion industry in general, this is probably just the first of many more brands to finally go fur-free. From: Harper's BAZAAR US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Get ready to float, y'all.Just when you thought you were finally recovering from your Bill Skarsgård obsession, it looks like Pennywise is back just in time for Halloween.Yandy.com, the company behind Harry Potter lingerie, is taking It fanfare to the next level with its latest costume release. Called the Dancing Sewer Clown, the costume includes a "white gauzy dress with a square neckline, puffed sleeves with flared cuffs, black pompom embellishments, a bubble skirt, a ruffled neck piece with a hook-back closure, and a matching wide belt with velcro closure." The likeness is uncanny. PRE-ORDER Dancing Sewer Clown Costume, YANDY, $100Accessorize this bad boy with a bright orange wig, red balloon, gloves, and fishnets, and you'll be all set to scare the sh*t out of everyone this year. If you're feeling extra dramatic, hang out near a storm drain or two. And if Pennywise doesn't do it for you, maybe dress up as Jon Snow? Do you, boo. (Get it? Boo? Okay, bye.)From: Cosmopolitan US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Pitter patter.There are only so many ways to interpret the wedding dress, right? Logically, yes, but if so, designers haven't met that brick wall yet, if the Fall 2018 collections are any indication. See the 12 most creative, let-me-plunge-headlong-back-into-dating-again gowns from this season here. The skirt's like those cotton-ball sheep you used to make in grade school, except less stiff and, we imagine, so much more fun to pet. There's your "something blue" taken care of.Okay there, Mrs. Extra. But also, could I borrow your abandoned theater and your embroidered cape? It's not like you're going to wear it again. In contrast, here's a bride who spends maybe only a bit less time planning her wedding than Mrs. Extra but is happier wearing pants, a shoulder-tie top, and a statement earring to City Hall. Could see this gorgeous jacket as Mrs. Extra's honeymoon-leaving look, as she and her new partner clatter off (cans, remember) in a vintage Rolls. Remember when Brie Larson wore this dress in peach to the premiere of The Glass Castle, and everyone went "gahhhhhh?" Make them go "gahhhhhh" on your wedding day—support the white boots, too. Shop white boots here.For the understated bride, this Empress Josephine-esque, feathered/beaded/embroidered/beribboned masterpiece would be *just* the thing. (In case that didn't translate on the internet, that's sarcasm, yeah?)  This whole thing—just WOW. Nothing like a whole bolt of tulle and some baby's breath (so hot right now) to make you want to re-download Tinder. Psych—make that "do so well for yourself you can buy wedding gowns on a whim." I think I spy on pants under that massive obi belt, but does that really matter when there's a massive obi belt to begin with? Gothic, romantic, and takes inspiration from undergarments. (Boa optional.) OH [fill in with whatever rude, single-syllable utterance you prefer]. With bridal, the designers behind such extravagances as the "NO" jacket show they can do quiet, Hepburn-ish class too. Very Khaleesi, though maybe best if we don't have another big wedding go down on Game of Thrones. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's the next best thing to owning a Time-Turner. Until the next Fantastic Beasts movie comes out, there's a new way to get your Harry Potter fix: by wearing it. Jewelry company Alex and Ani just released a capsule collection in partnership with Warner Bros., the film company behind the Harry Potter film series. The pieces, which come in gold, silver, and both metals, feature subtle nods to J.K. Rowling's stories, as well as to Hogwarts, the Deathly Hallows, and even Harry's glasses. Check out what's on offer. Deathly Hallows Necklace, ALEX AND ANI, $38BUY NOWDeathly Hallows Adjustable Necklace, ALEX AND ANI, $78BUY NOWDeathly Hallows Charm Bangle, ALEX AND ANI, $28BUY NOWDeathly Hallows Pull Chain Bracelet, ALEX AND ANI, $68BUY NOWDeathly Hallows Ring Wrap, ALEX AND ANI, $28BUY NOWDeathly Hallows Earrings, ALEX AND ANI, $48BUY NOWGlasses Earrings, ALEX AND ANI, $48BUY NOWGlasses Ring Wrap, ALEX AND ANI, $28BUY NOWHogwarts Two-Tone Charm Bangle,ALEX AND ANI, $28BUY NOWHogwarts Two-Tone Necklace, ALEX AND ANI, $38BUY NOWFrom: Cosmopolitan US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Bookmark this Halloween inspo.New York Comic-Con is happening now and fans are coming out in some of the most incredible costumes and cosplays we've seen yet. Bookmark this page now because it's all the Halloween inspo you need. From: Harper's BAZAAR US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She becomes the latest ambassador for the French fashion house.Emma Stone has just landed a lucrative deal as the new face of Louis Vuitton. The Oscar-winning actress has reportedly signed a two-year contract with the French fashion house, estimated to be worth somewhere between $6 and $10 million. Vuitton creative director Nicolas Ghesquière confirmed the appointment on Instagram today.It was then followed by an announcement on the official Louis Vuitton account.As a face of the brand, the 28-year-old actress will star in worldwide TV and print campaigns, as well as wear the brand's clothing on the red carpet. And she's started already, having worn a Louis Vuitton jacket and shirt dress to the premiere of Battle of the Sexes in LA earlier this month.Followed by a an embellished, ruffle-sleeve gown at the London premiere of the film.According to Page Six, the LVMH-owned company had been pursuing the star for nearly a year. Rumor has it that the brand has also been chasing Stone's La La Land co-star, Ryan Gosling, for the past three years, but to no avail, as the actor reportedly doesn't do endorsement deals. Stone joins a list of other A-list actresses to work with the house, including Michelle Williams, Sophie Turner and Alicia Vikander. From: Harper's BAZAAR UK		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			From a completely Diana-themed show to Erdem's collection inspired by a young Queen Elizabeth.August marked the 20th anniversary of Princess Diana's death earlier this year, it makes sense that the icon was top of mind for several designers at fashion week this season.One look in Stella McCartney's Spring 2018 ready-to-wear collection appeared to channel a pregnant Diana circa 1982. But that was nothing compared to Virgil Abloh's fully Diana-themed Off-White show, complete with Naomi Campbell in biking shorts. Abloh updated Diana's aesthetic for 2018, with modern takes on her most iconic outfits. See a few of our favorite looks from that collection below:In addition to the tributes to Diana, Erdem's collection was inspired by Queen Elizabeth II in the 1950s, and specifically, the royal's 1958 encounter with Jazz legend Duke Ellington."Her father [King George VI] had been a huge fan of his music, and when they met, he was so enamored with her that he wrote a piece of music called 'The Queen’s suite,'" designer Erdem Moralıoğlu told the Telegraph backstage at the show."Thinking about The Cotton Club, and Harlem, and Dorothy Dandridge, Ella Fitzgerald and Billie Holiday," Moralioglu said. "What if she went to New York, and what if Dorothy Dandridge ended up in Buckingham Palace?"The result of that imagined scene was a collection filled with ceremonial ribbons and floral dresses, long gloves and romantic ruffles, which all somehow still felt modern. Even the hand-embroidered gown inspired by the one Elizabeth wore to her coronation had an edge to it; the styling was hardly prim and proper.A structured tweed blazer and high-necked blouse, for example, was paired with a mini-skirt, an otherwise tame metallic pencil skirt featured a thigh-high slit, and a rather traditional argyle cardigan was thrown over a less-than-conservative crop top.Let's just saw we can't see the modern-day Queen wearing too many of these looks—Meghan Markle on the other hand? They'd fit her to a T.From: Town & Country US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Even if I have to drag it there in a garment bag, mister. "Better safe than sorry after you've landed on a worst-dressed list with a 98 percent disapproval rating" seems to be the motto celebrities and their stylists adhere to for the red carpets, but that doesn't mean we still can't put together a wish list of the season's best gowns. After all, isn't that what fantasy football is? Here, see 15 such pipe dreams but with dresses that just walked the Spring 2018 runways. Pro tip: If you click really fast, it's like a rainbow flipbook. Millais' Ophelia goes to '50s prom—then the Oscars, preferably on somebody like Cate Blanchett or Claire Foy but more likely not at all because life is unfair and that is too many flowers. Shame. Pop a lining under there for the network censors, and you've got a fun, poppy number for a young star, maybe one with the initials MBB. (That's Millie Bobby Brown.) For the nominee who hasn't prepared a speech and is just honored to be considered in a group of such talented actresses. Because even if you know you're going to lose out to Nicole Kidman, at least you can look like a winner in a cupcake gown with miles of netting in the skirt.Ditto, but when the bookies put you at a 12:1 chance of winning. Who wouldn't want to look like one of those crossover pastries you see on Facebook but frosted with beads and embroidery instead of a powdered-sugar-water drizzle? Would probably get demolished on Twitter (loofah memes), but who cares when you're this head-turning in real life? One massive black bar waiting to happen, which is daring and probably never going to happen! But have you ever seen anything so diaphanous, so shower-curtain-like in the nicest possible way? Not even at Bed, Bath & Beyond. Erdem's spring collection closed with a series of highly decorated dresses like something out of a John Singer Sargent portrait of a socialite known only as "Mrs. Some Industrialist Who Was Like 'What Labor Laws?'" So pretty my chest hurts. Hear me well: Someone *will* wear one of the final seven dresses with which Maria Grazia Chiuri closed her show. Which one, though? Probability says the longer silvery one, but wouldn't it be lovely if someone took a risk and went with this yellow-green disco ball instead?Again, Twitter would drag this to hell, but that's only because they don't know that with the sheerness, it's much less nightgown than a pink cumulus cloud floating gently down the red carpet. The strongest part of Clare Waight Keller's debut for the house were the evening options, our favorite of which is this wavy, lacy number that'd look smashing on Cate Blanchett or Julianne Moore. Not out of the question, either, given that they both sat front-row.  If someone wore this and someone else wore that Giamba, would their meeting at the E! stop on the step-and-repeat cause some sort of meteorological phenomenon? Cool. A sequined pouf for the after-parties.Either one of these, really, but leaning toward the yellow. My work here is done. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			And worth every penny.Inspired by Minnie Mouse herself, Italian shoe designer Oscar Tiye has created a collection of shoes with mouse-ear details on the back of the heel. From far away, they look like a bow, but in-the-know Disney fans will know what's up. Options for the Minnie, ranging in price from $450 (on sale) to $700 (for the latest styles), come in various colors and designs—including stilettos, block heels, pumps, and wedges. Take a look at the collection here.Minnie Sandals in Gold Glitter, OSCAR TIYE, $502, farfetch.com. SHOPMinnie Sandals in Black Satin, OSCAR TIYE, $615, net-a-porter.com. SHOPMinnie Sandals in Red Suede, OSCAR TIYE, $580, fwrd.com. SHOPMinnie Block Heel Sandals in Teal Satin, OSCAR TIYE, $700, net-a-porter.com. SHOPMinnie Sandals in Black Suede, OSCAR TIYE, $580, fwrd.com. SHOPMinnie Block Heel Sandals in Blue Leather, OSCAR TIYE, $560, farfetch.com. SHOPMinnie Sandals in Orange Leather, OSCAR TIYE, $521, tessabit.com. SHOPMinnie Sandals in Blue Denim, OSCAR TIYE, $494, tessabit.com. SHOPMinnie Sandals in Black Suede and Pink Satin, OSCAR TIYE, $577, lindelepalais.com. SHOPMinnie Pumps in Red Suede, OSCAR TIYE, $468, farfetch.com. SHOPMinnie Wedge Sandals in Beige Canvas and Black Leather, OSCAR TIYE, $560, farfetch.com. SHOPMinnie Sandals in Black, Red, and Gold Glitter, OSCAR TIYE, $580, net-a-porter.com. SHOPMinnie Sandals in Red Leather, OSCAR TIYE, $528, farfetch.com. SHOPMinnie Sandals in White Leather, OSCAR TIYE, $615, fwrd.com. SHOPMinnie Block Heel Sandals in Antique-Rose Satin, OSCAR TIYE, $580, net-a-porter.com. SHOPMinnie Sandals in Mint Green Leather, OSCAR TIYE, $601, farfetch.com. SHOPMinnie Block Heel Sandals in Red Satin, OSCAR TIYE, $458, farfetch.com. SHOPFrom: Cosmopolitan US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			This is taking mini-me dressing to a whole new level.For many women, investing in a set of Christian Louboutin shoes represents the height of luxury. A pair of the red-soled pumps will set you back hundreds of dollars, though the price tag has only made the designer shoe all the more desirable.Now, in news that will delight Louboutin fans worldwide, the brand has announced that it's branching out into making teeny-tiny versions of their favorites.  Make way for the 'Loubibaby' Christian Louboutin has launched a baby line of his famous red soles ❤️ #christianlouboutin #reignchildrenswear #redsoles #louboutin #babygirl #loubibaby #instafashion #shoes #fw17 #instababy #rkoiA post shared by  👑 Reign Childrenswear 👑 (@reignchildrenswear) on Sep 23, 2017 at 2:41pm PDTYes, in collaboration with Goop, Christian Louboutin is set to launch its first range of baby shoes in November. The adorably named Loubibaby collection includes red, blue, pink and gold Mary Janes. Each shoe features a handmade ribbon bow, the brand's signature red sole, and is guaranteed to turn any child into the chicest baby on the block.The baby shoes will retail for $250, and will be available exclusively on Goop on November 16.From: Harper's BAZAAR US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			As if the VS runway could get any sexier...Balmain is designing custom looks for this year's Victoria's Secret Fashion Show in Shanghai, and the models won't be the only ones wearing the collab. A #VSxBalmain collection will also be available to shop in-store and online November 29, the day after the show's broadcast.  The lingerie brand announced the major collaboration today on Instagram and posted a graphic on its website. This is apparently the first time VS has ever teamed up with a high fashion brand for a range to sell retail.Balmain's creative director Olivier Rousteing doesn't stray far from VS. He's previously attended the brand's over-the-top presentations, and is apt to cast its models for his own runway shows. Just last week, VS Angels like Alessandra Ambrosio, Josephine Skriver, and Elsa Hosk walked in his Spring 2018 presentation during Paris Fashion Week. We can't wait to see what he has in store for Shanghai. Considering Rousteing's signature steamy designs for Balmain—bodycon silhouettes, cage cut-outs, shimmery fabrics, and luxe embellishments—expect the VS runway to get a few degrees hotter this year.From: Harper's BAZAAR US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's simply stunning.There's no doubt that Grace Kelly had one of the most talked-about wedding dresses of all time. The American princess still influences bridal fashion to this day, with notable trendsetters including the Duchess of Cambridge and Miranda Kerr opting for similar styles.But while the long-sleeved gown by costume designer Helen Rose still makes best-dressed lists, many people forget that the Oscar-winner actually wore two wedding looks on that April 1956 weekend. The day before she wed Prince Rainer III of Monaco at St. Nicholas Cathedral, Kelly said "I do" for the first time in a civil ceremony at the royal palace. Rose, who also outfitted the actress in four films, designed the two-piece ensemble as well. Covered with hand-run Alençon lace, the taffeta suit paired a tea-length skirt with a fitted bodice and rounded collar. The fabric also featured additional embroidery with silk thread for a brocaded effect. Unlike her ivory gown the following day, the pale pink outfit fell somewhere between champagne, tan, and blush. Sporting a Juliet cap and kid gloves, Kelly looked every bit a bona fide princess. Of course the stylish star didn't stay in that outfit for long. She changed into another tea-length dress to accept public congratulations at a following press conference. A few hours later, Kelly stepped into her final look of the night: a white silk Lanvin gown accessorized with a delicate tiara and ruby-and-diamond necklace, a gift from her new subjects.While Kelly's not the only celebrity to wear multiple looks on her big day, she definitely helped start a trend. From: Good Housekeeping US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The First Lady has been criticized for wearing heels to a disaster zone once again.Melania Trump has found herself in hot water for the second time in a month, after wearing towering heels to visit victims of Hurricane Maria. The first lady wore a pair of navy pumps, tailored trousers, and a Victoria Beckham jumper to board her flight to San Juan. Before disembarking, she changed into white jeans, a khaki jacket, a cap, and Timbaland boots.The choice of attire has been criticized by many, especially considering Trump faced considerable backlash for her choice of footwear when visiting victims of Hurricane Harvey in Texas last month.Melania & Trump arrived in Puerto Rico... WHY Did Melania need to change outfits, ? This is not a modeling show,,Has @MELANIATRUMP strapped on her 11" heels yet to hand out care packages in the most restored part of Puerto Rico?Melania's fashion choices have been closely watched since she took office in January, with many deeming her style (including the $51,000 Dolce & Gabbana coat she wore to the G7 summit) as out of touch.The backlash to her Hurricane Harvey attire was so severe that the White House was required to make an official statement in response. "It's sad that we have an active an ongoing natural disaster in Texas, and people are worried about her shoes," Melania's spokeswoman Stephanie Grisham said at the time.From: Harper's BAZAAR US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Zou bisou. In many ways, 2017 and 1960 aren't so far apart. We're still very much fighting the same battles, and thanks to the merry-go-around that's fashion, we're still wearing some of the same things. But ahead, see how to reimagine the decade's hallmarks, from the prairie to the disco. Here, we’ve got Léa Seydoux playing the Catherine Deneuve character, who never has a loose thread on her faultless coat. (Though who knows what happens behind closed doors?) But these days, we’re not beholden to such standards of “perfection,” so feel free to loosen up—in the fit, your hair, your morals, whatever. Or embrace vinyl, the official fabric sponsor of nasty women everywhere, and cut it into a respectable shape for extra subversion.Shop similar: Topshop, $170BUY ITMoving onto the Paco Rabanne part of the decade, we’ve got his disc dress reworked with a psychedelic pattern but not worn as-is, as it once was. For the 21st-century woman, whose favorite layering trick might just be the turtleneck, that’s exactly what we’ll do. Or an oversize T-shirt on top and no pants. We’ve earned it.Now, moving into that late-'60s, Jackie O in Greece vibe, we've got Ms. Williams in Rome doing a pretty spot-on impression with her loose white jeans and wood basket. Though note the slight changes: wide-leg versus straight, and Cult Gaia's thoroughly modern arc shape versus the standard basket.Cult Gaia, $130BUY ITNext trope: the prairie look, remixed here with a bit of punk influence and a stronger military presence. Who knew calico and fireside family sing-alongs would play so well with black liner and petticoats? And attending the same show, Emma Roberts demonstrates a trick many designers are deploying these days to lighten up big gowns and bigger legacies: sheerness.Shop similar: Coach, $795BUY ITOr, when you're working with a well-known print, cut it into oversize separates and stick it on a model with a buzzcut. Always a popular silhouette, the swingy mini of the '60s does for your legs what Kim Jong Un wishes lifts did for his height. While co-ords are always a good idea, there's no time like now to mix prints.Shop similar: H&M;, $20BUY ITBut weirdly enough, the white boot has transcended time and space to come out on top once again as the shoe that goes with everything. Seen here in a new-old-feeling kitten heel and with some athletic, Adidas-y touches that are having a moment now too. But sometimes, a Command+C, Command+V job will more than suffice, as this supermodel proves in her wide-leg trousers, white blazer, and "I practically invented Studio 54" attitude. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Cheyenne Ellis succeeds in two very different industries.When you're a stuntwoman, making a living is an actual balancing act. And it's something Cheyenne Ellis has mastered.She's spent decades tumbling down stairs and feigning fights and falls for A-list Hollywood stars, while simultaneously building a successful career as a photographer specializing in lifestyle and advertising. "The creative world and being an athlete all ties together for me," says Ellis. She feels at home both behind the camera and projected on the big screen: "That's the duality of my world."  At eight years old, Ellis literally jumped into her career as a stuntwoman, leaping off a two-story platform and landing on an air bag while filming a television commercial. Far from being afraid, she remembers, "more than anything, I was just excited I missed two days of school." Talbots jacket, $500, talbots.com; Theory top, $245, bloomingdales.com; Talbots jeans, $95, talbots.com; Bonheur earrings, $130, bonheur.comEllis was joining the family business: her mother, father, and several aunts and uncles were all stuntmen, and her sister later married one. "Who else is going to let their kid do a stunt at eight years old?" she laughs. "It's a lot like growing up in the circus."Beyond landing her a first career—by her teenage years, Ellis was a stunt double for a major movie actress—she benefited from her family's experience and realized she'd need a second job. "I needed something to fall back on in case I ever got hurt," Ellis recounts. She studied fine art and photography in college and post-college, and then landed a job with legendary fashion photographer Irving Penn in New York. "I credit him for teaching me integrity, for showing me how to treat assistants," she says. "I try to keep that going and show kids who work for me that this is a craft."Talbots top, $80, talbots.com; Elizabeth and James coat, $800, shopbop.com; Rag & Bone jeans, $185, bloomingdales.com; Shoes, stylists own; Eddie Borgo ring, eddieborgo.com Returning to her native California, "I was doing photography and stunts and not telling people in either business," she says. "I wanted them to take me seriously. The next thing I knew, I had these two full-time careers." On a recent day at work, Cheyenne heads from her home in the Los Angeles area to San Francisco for a weeklong studio shoot, a back-to-school campaign for a major retailer. Whether she's photographing celebrity portraits or fashion campaigns, "there's a joyful element to my work I like to keep consistent," says Ellis. Commercial gigs also afford her the opportunity to travel, shooting for her own artistic enjoyment. A day on set is unpredictable for a stuntwoman. "A lot of days you go to work, and you don't know what you're going to do," says Ellis. "You show up with a bag of pads and are ready to hit the ground, or fall into something." Success, she says, requires being well rounded and ready for anything. But it also means having seen, at the age of 38, some glass ceilings crack. "We've made major progress as stuntwomen," says Ellis. "My dad worked on an action movie and stood in for an actress for a car stunt. That would never happen today. We've proven ourselves." Left: Talbots top, $80, talbots.com; Right: Talbots jacket, $500, talbots.com; Theory top, $245, bloomingdales.com; Talbots jeans, $95, talbots.com; Bonheur earrings, $130, bonheur.com, Talbots boots, $190, talbots.com"Woman are doing the work, we've done the work," she adds. "I've worked with 20 amazing female role models in either of my careers. There's nothing stopping us."It may just be that innate confidence that drives Ellis' success. "I know when I've got the shot," she says of her photography, "but I don't know how to describe it in words. It's a confidence that comes with experience. Maybe practice—and a lot of experience."Talbots jacket, $180, talbots.com; Rag & Bone T-shirt, $85, bloomingdales.com; Derek Lam 10 Crosby jeans, $235, ifchic.com; Rag & Bone sneakers, $225,bloomingdales.comStyled by Anna Katsanis, Hair by Charles McNair, Makeup by Misha Shahzada		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			All others must go.It's Spring 2018. Or Fall 2017. Whatever your perception of reality—fashion or layperson—they both have about the same weather for which all other outerwear—leather, denim, vinyl—has been forsaken by Fashion Month in favor of the anorak. (Sirens go off in the distance.) This is the way of the future, and it looks pretty damn good, as the following designers show. When you go to a festival and it starts raining but you misjudged the forecast so you have to wear your friend's extra $1 Duane Reade poncho. Except it's not a poncho nor made of the flimsiest plastic nor embarrassing until after your fifth cider, when you start to embrace it. See above but add "when you actually do check the forecast and pack a plastic poncho on purpose to be part of your festival look, with a matching fanny pack and shorts." Shop similar: Topshop, $75BUY ITExpectation: a trench coat, because that's what adults would top their work shirt and pants with. Could-be reality: a sporty fashion anorak—that's pink. ["Plot Twist" by Sigrid plays.]It's a sign. Shop similar: Stutterheim, $184BUY ITWhy do I want this tea-length Glad bag? Who can explain the vagaries of human passion? Shop similar: Urban Outfitters, $149BUY ITFirst, there were fashion side-snap pants (not just for Channing Tatum). Now, enter the fashion side-snap sleeve, perfect for dramatically ripping apart when someone doesn't believe you've got yoga biceps now or insults your honor, and you have no choice but to bop him in the nose.And moving on to France but a French designer referencing surfers, perhaps one who is Mac DeMarco's neighbor in Far Rockaway. I can picture Shia LaBeouf trudging stormily down the street with a trompe l'oeil anorak hanging around his neck, puzzling the paps and making him even more of a fashion icon to a certain set of young men. I can, weirdly, picture Shia LaBeouf in this too, standing in front of a crowd stormily denouncing capitalism while wearing a knee-length leather anorak that rings in at a few thousand dollars, at least. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"Are you wearing..." "The Chanel rain boots? Yeah, I am." Leave it to Karl Lagerfeld to make dressing for a torrential downpour something to look forward to. Today, at Chanel's Spring 2018 show in Paris, the designer unveiled a collection filled with clear PVC rainwear—from bags to hats to caped ponchos. But it was the clear boots topping off every single look that really stole the show. Ranging in height from mid-calf to over-the-knee, the high fashion rain boots feature the brand's signature cap toe in both white and black. Paired with everything from tweed mini skirts to culottes, suits, and ruffled gowns, the boots proved their versatility in a wide range of looks hitting the runway. Of course, the rainwear came in handy for models at the show—who walked down a runway featuring cascading waterfalls. Embracing the calming backdrop of nature, this season's set included giant cliffs, mossy green trees, and serene waterfalls. A paradise at #ChanelSpringSummer! Bravo again @karllagerfeld @chanelofficial 👏A post shared by  Liu Wen 刘雯 (@liuwenlw) on Oct 3, 2017 at 4:34am PDT Watch the water falling, falling ... at ChanelA post shared by  Suzy Menkes (@suzymenkesvogue) on Oct 3, 2017 at 4:01am PDTThis is one way to embrace April showers.From: Harper's BAZAAR US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Don't wear a tank top two days in a row.Great zone-out activity: imagining what happened to the characters of Mean Girls after graduation. Did Damien and Janice move to Williamsburg and become studio assistants by day and girls-about-town by night? Did Regina George end up in something cold-blooded, like corporate takeovers? Here, to add more color to whatever epilogue you've thought out, we've outfitted the cast in the best of the Spring 2018 collections. After a short stint as a TV meteorologist, Karen's breasts told her it would 100 percent be a good idea to go wherever the wind takes her. So she went to Burning Man. But then her ESPN informed her that that might not be a sustainable lifestyle, so now, she's one of those girls who doesn't have a regular job, just projects, for which she wears the new, more Ghesquière-ish Chloé to work on. Ah, Ms. Weiners. She fell in (then out) with a series of cliques, even in her adult life as a publicist for Toaster Strudel, and never quite recovered. But at least she married the heir to the Eggo Waffles fortune, which means she can outfit herself in frilly pink Giambattista Valli—after all, he did custom-make her cathedral-length wedding gown.  He looks just like this now, really. With the little buns and the fanny pack and everything. Shop similar: Gucci, $1,050BUY ITOur girl's come a long way since that purple tux at prom (she doesn't eat gluten now, either, so too bad about that Walker Bros. voucher). These days, she works at a gallery, sometimes walks in friends' fashion shows (she did Maryam Nassir Zadeh this season but would rather not talk about it), and wears interestingly cut, voluminous things like this Rochas ensemble. Will it surprise anyone to know that Cady Heron supported Bernie and now works in the healthcare sector? Not really, but maybe it will, slightly, that she wears Carven cropped polo shirts and culottes—along with tribal necklaces her mom got her in Africa.(I know I fibbed about the "Regina in Rochas" thing only because of the alliteration. Forgive me.) Otherwise, corporate law, sick apartment, less sick personal life, and could still bulldoze right over you like she did to so many on the lacrosse field.You bet the real hero of the story has done well for herself lending her mathematics skills to a different kind of drug-pushing (pharmaceuticals, that is). No more second job or Forever 21 polka-dot blouses for her—though Mr. Duvall does keep hanging around as a reminder of North Shore High School. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Hotline bling. What's the true measure of a grownup? Having kids? Or having a phone that *isn't* about to die all the time? TBD, but here, we've rounded up 10 practical yet aesthetically pleasing iPhone accessories that make adulting just a little bit chicer. (P.S. Cute cases this way for the 8 and beyond, and this way for all others.) Digital Supply USA, $20BUY ITModcloth, $20BUY ITCarved, $94BUY ITUrban Outfitters, $26BUY ITPrynt, $150BUY ITCamKix, $13BUY ITUrban Outfitters, $15BUY ITNative Union, $30BUY ITUrban Outfitters, $24BUY ITMyriann, $13BUY IT		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Like at the laundromat, on the subway, or in your office. New York City is full of more boutique fitness studios, gyms, recreational sports leagues, and running paths than a fitness junkie could ever wish for. But that doesn't mean that everyone is motivated to get moving. So, instead of hoping that she could convince communities to break a sweat for their health, Andia Winslow had a different approach: creating off-the-wall (but totally effective) get-fit videos.Her viral movement The Fit Cycle began in Arizona, where she was coaching and playing pro golf and volunteering with a Native American community with a high type 2 diabetes rate. At first, she shot workout videos on her phone and posted them online. Their popularity grew, and some went viral. (For example, a simple bench up exercise video amassed more than 35,000 views.)  Talbots jacket, talbots.com; Eileen Fisher System top, $100, bloomingdales.com; Mother jeans, $205, bloomingdales.com; Bonheur earrings, $190, bonheur.com Winslow already had a triple-threat sports career before she got internet famous. She was the fourth African American to play in an LPGA event, sprinted with US Track and Field, and trained in Lake Placid in hopes of being an Olympian in the sport of skeleton.A move to New York City's Spanish Harlem in 2012 – where she saw residents struggle with the same health issues that spurred her to action in Arizona – convinced her to continue her project. Except this time, she had a little help. She partnered with a college friend, filmmaker Monique Walton, and brought in a professional camera crew. In 2012, they shot workout videos with Winslow demoing moves in public places around the city. They range from Winslow doing pull-ups in an empty subway car, dancing her way into a squat in the laundromat and showing kids how to exercise – and have fun – on the playground. Her philosophy? "Get it in where you can fit it in," she says. From left: Talbots sweater, $80, talbots.com; Jill Stuart pants, jillstuart.com; Shoes, stylists own; Eddie Borgo ring, eddieborgo.com; Right: Talbots jacket, talbots.com; Eileen Fisher System top, $100, bloomingdales.com; Mother jeans, $205, bloomingdales.com; Bonheur earrings, $190, bonheur.comThe series is meant to show an alternate use of public space and disrupt people's thinking about how fitness fits into their daily routines. "We made the videos more artful," Winslow says. "We celebrate the vibrancy of people, music, and art in the communities that we're trying to reach." The videos went viral almost immediately. Suddenly, she started getting approached by strangers on the street who told her that she was changing their lives.The first time, she was walking out of work as a golf and fitness instructor at Chelsea Piers in New York, and some kids yelled out to her, "The Fit Cycle!" "I turned around, and they started mimicking some of the moves from the videos," she recalls.Parents told her that her videos got their families thinking about nutrition. Compliments poured in from around the globe. "We saw the potential for generational change around the world," she says. "And that was very sobering and humbling." Though she's not competing now, she exercises daily to avoid feeling depressed and stressed. "When I'm feeling unmotivated to work out, I just meditate on what a gift it is to be pain-free, to be spry, to have the freedom to use my body because I know a lot of folks don't have those things," she says. Winslow's planning a return to professional golf in 2018, is pitching a TV show and has some new collaborations in the works.As for those who still are reluctant to get off their couch?"If they try a workout and they don't like it, then so be it," she says. "If they try it and it was difficult, that challenge means there's growth potential. If they try it and love it—excellent! But not trying something for fear of embarrassment or failure leaves you in the exact position in which you started. We want forward motion."Talbots top, $90, talbots.com; Talbots jacket, $500, talbots.com; Diesel jeans, diesel.com; Bonheur earrings, $150, bonheur.com; Shoes, stylist's own. Styled by Anna Katsanis, Hair by Charles McNair, Makeup by Misha Shahzada		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Get ready for platform Crocs.Prepare for 2017's biggest fashion surprise: Balenciaga and Crocs have teamed up to create "Foam" shoes, a platform twist on the classic Crocs clogs. If this collaboration confuses you a little, you're definitely not alone:@BALENCIAGA @Crocs horrifying balenciaga crocs ... i'm uncomfortableBut the platform Crocs already have some fans, too:the must-have shoe for SS18? Balenciaga Platform Crocs in Pink of course pic.twitter.com/Gahoang5dHAccording to a press release, Michelle Poole from Crocs said:It's undeniable that "Foams" are eye-catching. Unfortunately, fans of the striking new shoes will have to wait before they can buy a pair, as "Foams" will be available exclusively at Balenciaga worldwide and on the Balenciaga website from Spring 2018.Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.From: ELLE US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Take a walk down memory lane!Red-carpet events are the perfect opportunities for celebs to put their best foot forward, and red-carpet style is arguably just as important (if not more important, honestly) as the occasions themselves. Award shows and premieres have been Hollywood staples for decades, and the ~fashion~ has definitely evolved since then. Here are the most iconic red-carpet looks from the year you were born. Audrey Hepburn at the 40th Annual Academy Awards.Barbara Streisand at the 41st Annual Academy Awards. Elizabeth Taylor with then-husband Richard Burton at the 42nd Annual Academy Awards.Goldie Hawn at the 43rd Annual Academy Awards.Liza Minnelli at the 44th Annual Academy Awards.Sonny and Cher at the 45th Annual Academy Awards.Raquel Welch at the 46th Annual Academy Awards.Lauren Hutton at the 47th Annual Academy Awards.Margaux Hemingway with Erroll Wetson at the 48th Annual Academy Awards.Edy Williams at the 49th Annual Academy Awards.Farrah Fawcett at the 50th Annual Academy Awards.Jane Fonda at the 51st Annual Academy Awards.Goldie Hawn at the 52nd Annual Academy Awards.Diana Ross at the 53rd Annual Academy Awards.Debbie Allen at the 54th Annual Academy Awards.Drew Barrymore at the 40th Annual Golden Globes. Madonna at the first annual MTV Video Music Awards.Jessica Lange at the 57th Annual Academy Awards.Cher at the 58th Annual Academy Awards.Jennifer Grey at the 60th Annual Academy Awards.Demi Moore at the 61st Annual Academy Awards.Julia Roberts at the 62nd Annual Academy Awards.Cindy Crawford at the 63rd Annual Academy Awards.Jodie Foster at the 64th Annual Academy Awards.Liz Hurley with Hugh Grant at the premiere of Four Weddings and a Funeral.Oprah Winfrey at the 67th Annual Academy Awards.Susan Sarandon at the 68th Annual Academy Awards. Nicole Kidman with Tom Cruise at the 69th Annual Academy Awards.Sharon Stone at the 70th Annual Academy Awards.Celine Dion at the 71st Annual Academy Awards.From: Cosmopolitan US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Canyon Coffee founder and model Ally Walsh shows off her East to West Coast style transformation.When Ally Walsh walks down the street, there's no doubt that she's a California girl. Her sun-kissed skin and beach-y waves are two giveaways, but her laid-back style and easy approach to life cinch it.As a model and co-founder of Los Angeles-based Canyon Coffee, 29-year old Walsh is a bonafide Cali-phile. She moved to the sunny state more than five years ago, leaving her native New York and a mostly all-black wardrobe behind. "I always loved California," she confessed to us from her light-filled Santa Monicao bungalow. "As a kid when I visited with my family on vacations, I felt that this was where I wanted to be. I loved the lifestyle, the beach, the sunny weather, and, later, the opportunities."Walsh was raised in Long Island, New York, and her love of fashion was born early on, thanks to her mom's job as a theater actress and the vibrance of New York City. Walsh enrolled at the Fashion Institute of Technology in New York, focusing on advertising and business. When a modeling agency came calling, Walsh left school to pursue her passion full-time. In 2009, she made the move to Los Angeles to advance her modeling career—and to finally live in her favorite part of the country. Now with her boyfriend Casey Wojtalewicz, she also runs Canyon Coffee, a certified-organic (and beautifully packaged) coffee company popping up on cool lifestyle blogs everywhere.Walsh's lifestyle and personal style changed significantly when she moved from the East to West Coast. Gone were the black leather jackets, heels, and structured handbags. In their place were flow-y summer dresses and lived-in T-shirts. Here's a look at Walsh's style now in L.A. and how it's changed since her move from New York (plus, her go-to steps for pour-over coffee, Canyon style). Back in New York, brunch and breakfast meetings meant heels and a sturdy black bag, plus a denim jacket for a little polish. Now, Walsh starts each morning with a cup of pour-over Canyon Coffee and breakfast on her porch. Although she works in coffee, all-white jeans and a T-shirt is her uniform. From left: Sunspel T-shirt, $90, sunspel.com; Vince pants, $295, nordstrom.com; Vince loafers, $295, nordstrom.com; Levi's denim jacket, $60, levis.com; Michael Kors bag and heels, similar at nordstrom.comWalsh's days were spent running around New York to castings. Her model uniform was high waisted pants with a slight flare and a gray T-shirt. Sturdy shoes were a necessity, along with a backpack to keep her modeling cards. In L.A., she keeps the pants but swaps in a white ruffled shirt. It's an easy—and subtly elegant— piece, and looks polished enough for meetings with stores or castings. From left: J.Crew top, $80, nordstrom.com; Tory Burch pants, similar at nordstrom.com; Lotuff backpack, $640, lotuffleather.com; Salt sunglasses, saltopticals.com; Vince Camuto heels, similar at nordstrom.com; Halogen T-shirt, $30, nordstrom.comBack in New York, happy hour meant anything from downtown dives to uptown hotel bars. Walsh's go-to outfit? "Black jeans, boots and leather jacket," she says. A few extra pieces of jewelry and a clutch helped add some glamour to the look. In California, Walsh favors a printed dress and low heels for a night out at her favorite bar, Chez Tex.From left: Kate Spade dress, $350, nordstrom.com; Ted Baker leather jacket, $595, nordstrom.com; Lagos jewelry, nordstrom.comWhen she lived in New York, Walsh's special event staple was the same as everyone else's: a little black dress. Strappy black heels, a metallic clutch and gold jewelry were other must-haves. Now, Walsh opts for a simple silk slip dress and beach-y waves, like her style icon, Georgia O'Keeffe. "We have a framed photograph of her in the desert," she says. "I love how at ease and comfortable she seems in a dark dress in nature. I'm really drawn to that minimal, neutral, and simple style."From left: Theory dress, $375, nordstrom.com; Ursa Major earrings, $275, katejones.us; Eliza J dress, $150, nordstrom.com; Tibi heels, tibi.comHere's her step-by-step guide to brewing coffee for two, using a V-60 pour-over dripper:1. Fill kettle and bring it a boil. Let it sit after boiling to cool to around 200° Fahrenheit. (Walsh's kettle allows her to set the boiling temperature, but just before boiling on a regular kettle is fine.) "Water that's too hot will produce a bitter-tasting coffee," she says.2. Place a filter in the dripper, and add a little bit of water from the kettle. This pre-heats the filter and the pot to help the coffee stay warmer longer.3. Grind 5 tablespoons of Canyon Coffee beans, preferably in a burr grinder, so they're medium-ground (between coarse and fine).4. Add coffee to filter. Make a small depression in the center.5. Starting in the middle and circling clockwise, pour just enough water to get all the grounds wet.6. Once all the grounds are wet, wait 30 seconds and watch as the beans "bloom."7. Slowly pour two-and-a-half cups (around 20 oz.) water over grounds in a circular motion. Styling by Rachael Wang, Hair and Makeup by Stephanie Nicole Smith, Prop styling by Lizzie LangSpecial thanks to Chez Tex. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You're welcome. Between dates, happy hours, and brunches, your social calendar is packed. The best way to nail your OOTD every time? Opt for the easiest solution ever—a dress! Here are 15 universally flattering ones that'll take you through the day (or night 😉) looking fresh. This floral number nods to the season's Victorian trend. And the flattering silhouette with extra ruffles will turn heads. Eliza J dress, $160, nordstrom.comThe simple yet striking shape of this off-the-shoulder dress is fun enough for a first date and works for the weekends.Vince Camuto dress, $160, nordstrom.comA classic pattern like gingham is always work appropriate. The spiral-cut design and frayed edges add a modern touch. Topshop Boutique dress, $180, topshop.comCutout shoulders AND the season's hottest hue? Yes, please!  Alice + Olivia dress, $295, nordstrom.comThis lustrous piece unfortunately won't keep interrogations at bay. (No Grandma, still no boyfriend. *sigh*) But at least you'll look 🔥🔥🔥. Frame dress, $450, nordstrom.comBell sleeves + back detail (there's a bow) + weekend = goals.Halogen dress, $90, nordstrom.comThis crepe T-shirt dress is sophisticated yet stylish. Pair it with opaque tights and a strong shoe. You got this!Theory dress, $325, theory.comTake a cue from the ladies on your feed and pair with white sneakers. Vince Camuto dress, $100, nordstrom.comThis won't steal the show (no one wants an upset bride) but will still keep you looking  💯. Eliza J. dress, $95, nordstrom.comYou can never go wrong with a crisp, structured piece. The nipped-in waist and peplum add just enough glam. Ted Baker London dress, $295, nordstrom.comIt's perfect for long walks on the beach. Or (let's be real) the walk from the pool to the outdoor bar.City Chic dress, $100, nordstrom.comWear this dress over a sheer black long-sleeve top for a dimensional layered look.Chelsea28 dress, $160, nordstrom.comLook no further than your great aunt's living room to look on-trend this holiday. Couch floral prints took over the runways and bring the right amount of festiveness to a workplace soirée. Kate Spade dress, $300, nordstrom.comA comfy wrap dress will keep you moving all day, hassle-free. Universal Standard dress, $130, nordstrom.comTransmit an aura of confidence by wearing this powerful burgundy hue. Halogen dress, $90, nordstrom.com		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Sisterhood or sibling rivalry?With a slew of multimillion-dollar fashion and beauty campaigns between them, you'd be forgiven for thinking Bella and Gigi Hadid might be in competition as to who can nab the most fashion gigs. However, according to 20-year-old Bella, battling it out with her older sister for magazine covers and coveted spots on the runway is hardly a priority."Most of the time our markets are completely different," the star told Harper's Bazaar Arabia. "And if we get booked on a job and she gets it or I get it, we're both happy for each other."Having walked alongside her sister on numerous occasions over the years on the runway, and most recently with their younger brother Anwar at Hilfiger's show during London Fashion Week, the Californian beauty said: "There are enough jobs in the world for both of us. There's no reason for us to be mad at each other or competitive. So if she gets it, then good for her."But what if Gigi nabbed a modeling deal Bella desperately wanted?"We're in the family so she can buy me a pair of shoes," she joked.When asked how she feels when people suggest that modeling is an easy career, she noted: "Everybody has a different opinion of what hard work is. At the end of the day, if you're exhausted, you worked hard. I'm definitely tired most of the time."And it's hardly surprising the model is tired given her daily battle with Lyme disease, which causes numerous symptoms of fatigue. As a result of the chronic illness, the brunette was forced to retire from her beloved horse riding, amid hopes of becoming an Olympic equestrian. Before work💛A post shared by  Bella (@bellahadid) on Sep 6, 2017 at 8:11am PDTBella credits her strong will and personality for helping her cope with the demands of her career."Since I was a kid I've loved helping people. My mom always said that I would go on the street and hug somebody that was sitting on the corner. It was just because I genuinely loved people, and that's something that I want to bring forward with me in my career. If I'm able to change something in the world for the better, then I'll be ecstatic."Discussing her struggles with online bullying, the model admits she leans on her family for support."It's really tough. You're going to get scrutinized for anything that you do. So if you're skinny and have a sick body and you don't have a butt, people are going to say, 'Why do you have no butt?' And then you go and get a fake butt and they get mad at you because you have a fake butt. And then you don't have boobs, and it's just a whole circulating circle.""I have a whole angel family. I think that there's a lot of beautiful spiritual beings in the world. They're just floating, and they're around if you feel a need for them. I draw strength from that completely. It's definitely how I've gotten through the past year and stayed sane."From: ELLE UK		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			That cool outfit/beauty look you love? Not new.It's official: The '70s have returned and they're inspiring our favorite stars from head-to-toe. Whether it's Kerry Washington's fluffed-out waves, Alexa Chung's ultra-chic suede skirt, or Rihanna traipsing around town with a furry boa slung over her shoulders, the decade's easy glamour is pervasive. Here, our favorite new takes on the vintage trends.You're not the only one to keep Bianca Jagger's wedding ensemble permanently pinned at the top of your mind. For this year's Emmys, Evan Rachel Wood collaborated with Moschino's Jeremy Scott on this three-piece suit. Though hers has a bit more of a ringmaster vibe. Left: Jacqueline Bisset lounging in a peasant-inspired, square-neck dress. Right: Current-season Anna Sui, featuring an incredibly similar peasant-inspired, square-neck dress.Yes, that is Cher in the neckline you've been living in since approximately 2015. And on the other side, you've got one by Rebecca Minkoff, slightly different with the shoulder ties, but also very alike, down to the twin peacock chairs you can just make out.For her debut fashion collection, Alexa Chung referenced the '70s wide this wide -legged and -lapeled suit—though in a shocking pink and red stripe versus the earth tones of the would-be original. Alexa Chung blazer, $690; pants, $385BUY IT: net-a-porter.com; net-a-porter.com."They had those in the '70s??" —you. "I guess." —me, an intellectual. There's Twiggy in a velour-looking set alongside Valentino's in a complementary color combo. Shop similar: Bones, $30BUY IT: asos.com.No '70s It-girl closet was truly complete without a high-waisted suede skirt. Thanks to Alexa Chung, the same could be said for today now that she's prancing around in the swinging style.For an evening out in the '70s, more was more on the fabric front. With a floor-sweeping silhouette and billowy sleeves, Margot Robbie modernizes the look with a deep plunge that's decidedly sexy.The '70s were notorious for hair—the bigger, the better. With her natural hair teased up-and-out to perfection, Solange channels the free-spirited era.Back in our mother's day, denim was all about ultra-high rises and bell bottoms. This season, there's been a total resurgence as illustrated by one leggy Karlie Kloss in these slim-fit flares.Shop similar: Off-White, $560BUY IT: net-a-porter.com.When Bianca Jagger borrowed from the boys in sleek suiting, it was an extraordinary statement. The androgynous look may be more common today, but Jenny Lewis makes it a groovy fashion moment nonetheless.God bless a feather boa moment. We can only hope there are more of them.Shop similar: Charlotte Simone, $215BUY IT: matchesfashion.com.A look that's not for the faint of heart, the midriff-baring bra top is made to be paired with high-waisted trousers, as displayed by these foxy ladies.Like a modern-day Diana Ross, Washington gave her hair a major boost with this shoulder-length coif.A staple of the disco scene, a breezy jumpsuit is just as easy and sexy as it was in the '70s. Oh, but word to the wise: Going to the bathroom is a little more complicated than usual.When hair wasn't big and voluminous, it was left natural and slightly wavy à la Ali MacGraw. Haim's Danielle channels her natural beauty with subtle ripples in her long brown hair.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The power duos we need this year. Is it too on-the-nose to suggest convincing your S.O. to dress up with you as a version of another modern power couple for Halloween? We say nay. After all, there's too much meme-ing fun to be had with the power duos of today, whether you're channeling Kendall Jenner discovering world peace or a political throuple. If people can dress their baby up in killer-clown cosplay thinking that it won't affect his development, then you and your person can go as the aforementioned killer clown and his prey. It's cute! Balloons! Variation: Pennywise and the Babadook, still a better romance than Twilight.Stutterheim, $295BUY IT: shopspring.com.Do you like the internet? Wanna buy some memes, kid? Have such a solid relationship that you can joke about one party straying? [The crowd avoids making eye contact.] Or you could just like memes.Gap, $30BUY IT: gap.com.This will be one of the most popular costumes this year, but if you really want to. Target, $38BUY IT: target.com.I think it'd be really fun to be the Pepsi can, but probably more feasible to pick up a policeman costume, while the other person does some sort of Canadian tuxedo and "I really thought this would go over well" routine. Smoke x Mirrors, $245BUY IT: smokexmirrors.com.Good for throuples.  Hive Modern, $220BUY IT: hivemodern.com.To really sell it, the Tormund half should "make love to [a] sandwich as he eyeballs me," the "me" being the Brienne part of this package deal. Meanwhile, Brienne Half™ looks disdainful. Ikea, $15BUY IT: ikea.com.Could easily be expanded into a massive group costume, but any combination will do, provided zombie Taylor is included. Spirit Halloween, $13BUY IT: spirithalloween.com.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Or "my soul hasn't completely left my body yet."News flash: We live in a capitalist society, so if you want money to be able to buy the things you need to survive, you gotta suck it up—at least until you have accumulated enough or die. Then you can move to a tropical island to scoop ice cream. (But not if you're dead.) Ahead, 15 work outfits to ease the pain of alienation before the sweet release of retirement does it for you.Listen—nothing makes you feel more ready to get down to business than a knitted vest. With a collared shirt underneath (or another sweater) and smart trousers, you'll feel like a whole new person who knows about dividends. Even if you work in the flower-arranging industry. This is for more of an entrance-making scenario, but in a red patent slicker (preferably Prada), you don't even have to toss it onto someone's desk for everybody to go "gird your loins." And given that air-conditioning is sexist, it wouldn't be so weird if you kept it on.Shop similar: Topshop, $170BUY IT: topshop.com.Ideas in blazer alternatives, brought to you by Fendi. Because the rest of the outfit is so straightforward, an undone short-sleeve shirt—in not too casual a fabric—works. It's got a collar and sleeves and enough room in the skirt for one kid to stand on another's shoulders in a comedic ploy to infiltrate an adult environment.Axe the feathered bangs, keep the knee-length skirt, blazer, and 50 percent of the jewelry. In their basic evolutions, a white shirt and black skirt would be fine, if a bit snoozy. But with sleeve ties and a wrap treatment, as seen here at Regina Pyo, it's a real outfit. Shop similar: Regina Pyo, $450BUY IT: net-a-porter.com.No way! But with a gingham shirt underneath and a little flare to the pant, this ain't your average stockbroker's Wednesday look. And so you can distance yourself even more from Finance Bro Chad with His Own Analyst, choose roomy co-ords in lilac, layered with something silky and breezy. Or a different print on another print (in Ralph Lauren's garage). Kirsten's is Rodarte, but sleepwear-influenced co-ords are all over the high-street shops these days. With a heel and more done hair, no one will know if you actually are wearing PJs.Shop similar: & Other Stories, $95 BUY IT: stories.com.Don't just think of pencils—consider the trumpet skirt or flutes or timpanis. Designed by the lady in the previous slide, here, we've got a pretty standard work outfit—but in unexpected shades of watermelon and Pepto. Maybe Doug in Accounts won't get it, but what do we care? Great for in-between weather or when you don't want to do that scrunchy thing with your tights to get your foot in. The Row! Highly appreciative of this robe suit, even if you'd probably keep rolling over it with your chair.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's made up of 10 different parts, including three special petticoats. Decades before the Duchess of Cambridge and Princess Diana wowed the world with their bridal fashion, American actress Grace Kelly set the standard for royal weddings in her 1956 marriage to Prince Rainer III of Monaco. The Oscar winner became a true princess that day, and she definitely looked the part. Recently emulated by Kate Middleton and Miranda Kerr, the dress by Academy Award-winning costume designer Helen Rose came as a gift from Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer to their famous star. Rose had also worked on Kelly's wardrobe for four of her films. The studio's wardrobe department created the "fairy-princess" look piece by piece. The lace bodice also came with a slip, skirt support and underbodice. Foundation, ruffled and smoothing petticoats went under the pleated silk faille skirt. Finally, a train insert and silk faille cummerbund completed the outfit. All of those components required a lot of material. In addition to the skirt made of ivory faille (a type of taffeta), 100 yards of silk net also went into the gown. Instead of an elaborate tiara, Kelly opted for a Juliet cap to hold her veil in place. The headpiece included more pearls and lace, as well as a wreath of paper orange blossoms. Seamstresses re-embroidered the antique Brussels lace on her bodice to hide any seams and add hundreds of seed pearls.As an A-list movie star, Kelly's wedding was no small affair. She wore a specially designed veil that kept her face as visible as possible to the 600 guests and estimated 30 million viewers watching from afar. Appliqued lace motifs around the edges included two tiny lovebirds. Devout mid-20th century brides often carried a Bible instead of lots of flowers, according to the Philadelphia Museum of Art, the current home of Kelly's bridal outfit. The actress received her book as a gift, and MGM then embellished it with silk, lace and pearls. Kelly carried both the missal and a small bunch of lilies of the valley on the big day.Prince Rainier III already stood close in height to his fiancee, so the bride wore just 2½-inch heels. David Evins designed the pumps, adding seed pearls and lace. He embossed her name in the left shoe and his own in the right shoe, where he also added a copper penny for good luck. While the elaborate religious ceremony on April 19, 1956, attracted most of the attention, Kelly first wed her royal beau in a civil ceremony the day before. Helen Rose also created the pink floral ensemble, accessorized with a Juliet cap.To accept wedding congratulations at a quick press conference, the actress donned another tea-length ensemble on April 18, 1956. It wasn't her last look of the day, either. She slipped into a white silk Lanvin gown that night at a gala, Brides reports. From: Good Housekeeping US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Pumped-up kicks or nah?While a podiatrist once ranked flip-flops the second-to-worst summer shoe (foot-health-wise) and any city-dweller can tell you wearing them on the street is basically asking for a staph infection, for spring, designers are like, "Hold my beer." That is their prerogative, but here, we've collected some souped-up examples—platforms! beading!—to help you form your own opinion on this most unlikely trend. You will find that this slideshow is ordered by descending outlandishness with full-length shots, followed by closeups of the advertised leveled-up flip-flops. Here, we begin with Rihanna's take on the surfer-y Havaianas—but with a heel and a surfboard leash functioning as an ankle strap.  Not that you asked, but I am very into these, because they are very creative and clever and make me think of this picture of Usher nearly wiping out. Well done, Rihanna/Rihanna's design team.This season, the London-based Italian designer showed Japanese-inspired platforms with her arty separates. Not so sure about the socks because of the toe wedgie they'd give you, but could definitely see the possibilities. Welcome to Mary K.'s fantastical kaleidoscope, where athletic fabrics are worked into elegant shapes, and the shoes are triple-decker flip-flops with one level devoted to RHINESTONES.OKAY. OKAY.But for traditionalists, we've got Michael Kors' very normal, strangely chic flip-flops. "But they're not leveled-up in the slightest," you say. Wrong, my friend—alongside Mica Arganaraz's evening ensemble of blazer, sequin skirt, and unbuttoned-to-there shirt, a plastic shoe is the one doing the leveling up, by evoking the vibe of some painfully cool surfer girl who's just come in for dinner after a day catching waves. And she still looks perfect! There's a whole story there. A heartfelt sorry to podiatrists everywhere.Shop similar: Havaianas, $20BUY IT: us.havaianas.com.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Naomi, Claudia, Cindy, Helena, and Carla returned to the catwalk to honor Gianni Versace. It's been 20 years since the tragic death of Gianni Versace, and to celebrate the late designer's legacy, Donatella Versace hosted a very special Versace show during Milan Fashion Week today. Along with a Spring 2018 collection paying homage to Gianni's greatest designs, the original '90s supermodels reunited on the runway for the occasion. Naomi Campbell, Cindy Crawford, Claudia Schiffer, Carla Bruni, and Helena Christensen all walked hand-in-hand behind Donatella for an incredible finale down the runway. Each wearing a gold Versace chainmail gown, the surprise reunion made for a truly goosebumps-inducing moment: Naomi Campbelll, Claudia Schiffer, Cindy Crawford, Carla Bruni, Helena Christensen, strutting the @Versace runway one more time #MFW pic.twitter.com/8D9qBVPU4V Three decades since their modeling careers kicked off, the supers all still look incredible on the catwalk well into their 40s (Campbell and Schiffer are 47, Christensen is 48, Bruni is 49, and Crawford is 51). Versace celebrated the 20th anniversary of Gianni's death with bringing out the original supermodels. Cindy, Naomi, Carla, Claudia & Helena. pic.twitter.com/bJoskuFaWZA show to remember. For the 20th anniversary of the death of Gianni @Versace, the 90s supermodels came out of retirement and it was 💥💥💥 #MFW pic.twitter.com/trihiQ7nHbMeanwhile, Crawford's 16-year-old daughter, runway breakout star Kaia Gerber, also walked the show in a vibrant yellow cheetah print look. With both the OG supermodels and today's top models including Gigi, Bella, Kendall, and Kaia all together on the same runway, we can't think of a better way to honor the late Gianni Versace. Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.From: Harper's BAZAAR US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Get it? ;) Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are officially engaged—and her ring is the sparkliest thing you've ever seen. Naturally, now, we're taking this joyous opportunity to style her for her new role with 15 looks fit for the Duchess of TBD.How lovely would she look in buttercup yellow, though? A slight off-the-shoulder neckline and just-prim-enough tea-length skirt sweetens the deal. You can just picture the Queen arching one eyebrow at the plastic belt, then gossiping about it to one of her million corgis afterward, but we can nix it, no problem. Loosen the trousers a bit, and you've got a suit even Corgi #845 would love. Add a lining and sister-in-law Kate Middleston in something similarly (but not too similarly!) feminine and blush-colored, and boom—family portrait, done. Can't make any guarantees George won't stick his tongue out or something, but that's why we love him.   And for when she's not standing near Kate, there's this glitzy, boatneck gown from a royal fave. Might have to stitch up the sides in case of sideboob, but worth it. Call me crazy, but if you're not going to wear a teacup skirt after you've married into a royal family, WHEN EVEN ARE YOU? Our girl would do well to enlist Brandon Maxwell to do a custom gown for her, probably not in leopard, but we can dream. Like her character on TV, she favors clean, business-like cuts, which definitely saves the royal stylist loads of work. But The Firm also like their women to look quite feminine, which this VB ensemble balances with ruffles and suiting. As does this Calvin Klein skirt suit—as an L.A. girl, Markle would do well to support American brands (with Belgian designers at the helm). 🇺🇸A favorite of British It girls and Kate Middleton alike, Erdem makes historical-leaning for 21st-century women like no one else. Though his aesthetic might be a bit fussier than what our girl's used to, this simple strapless silhouette in a patterned velvet would suit her nicely. For assorted premieres and charity galas, MM would look smashing in this expectedly demure (just a peek of shoulder!) showing from one of the U.K.'s most exciting young designers. Who said Christopher Kane couldn't make something that wouldn't scare the stuffier aristocrats? (But for an event at which the younger, cooler set are in attendance, like the Serpentine Summer Party, we could definitely do with this florals-in-space print. Take that, Lord Snoozypants.) As an aside, she will also need some killer outerwear for dedications and such. Nothing's more British than Burberry, except, you know—the monarchy. (Also, one of the advantages of being American and everybody knowing it is that you can wear tassels on your cape, and they'd just be like, "Yeah, look at the American." We wouldn't mind.) Another part of MM embracing her American Hollywood-ness could involve sequins—buckets and buckets of sequins, tempered with a white sweater. The designer is known for outfitting some of Britain's most elegant women, however, so the haters can shove it. What can we say? Girl looks great in red. We'd have loved to put her in Prada's fluted-skirt number, but better to play it a bit safer in this chic off-the-shoulder Valentino. For a really big event, like some jubilee or whatever, nothing less than Dior will do. (It's cool—her sister-in-law recently wore Chanel.) Dare her to wear the headdress too, LOL. And...curveball! McQueen, though historic and incandescent and painfully ::inappropriate groaning noise::, just isn't her. Instead, we see her as more of a Jason Wu woman, or even Oscar de la Renta. This sketch was meant for Kate Middleton, but something similarly modern would be lovely—and true to her personality. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			These aren't your usual non-groundbreaking florals. Moschino's Jeremy Scott is known to take the themes of his collections quite literally (in case you forgot, last season's models wore actual trash down the runways), and his show in Milan today was no exception. For Spring 2018, the designer was inspired by florals—and no, not the kind that would make Miranda Priestly scoff–but actual life-size flowers. While the show started with a punk-twist on My Little Pony, the final 18 looks quickly flipped a switch, embracing blown-up flowers, butterflies, and nature in bloom. Taking the floral theme to new heights, Gigi Hadid and Kaia Gerber closed the show wearing matching bouquets of flowers—ribbons and all: Gerber even had flowers growing out of her white over-the-knee boots, which seems like a logical way to make winter boots work for spring. But those weren't the only flower-inspired looks. Joan Smalls walked the runway in a skirt made of red roses: While another model wore a calla lily-shaped gown:And then this model just wore nothing but a shrub of flowers from head-to-toe:Guess this means we'll all be walking around dressed as human flowers next spring. Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.From: Harper's BAZAAR US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"The beauty of this country is that it's a democracy."Hervé Pierre is known for having designed the white gown Melania Trump wore to the inauguration ball—and for styling her every now and again.The matter of dressing the first lady is a contentious issue, with some designers—including Marc Jacobs and Tom Ford—refusing to do so because of their political beliefs. But Pierre says politics should have nothing to do with it."The beauty of this country is that it's a democracy, so some people want to dress certain people and some people don't want to," he told the New York Times. "I choose to. If you forget about the political, or whatever, that's behind it, the needs are so interesting to answer. Even if I'm not creating the clothes, it is very creative to consider how it's going to be perceived. And when you decide, you divide."The designer—who was formerly creative director at Carolina Herrera—said both he and Melania are still learning to do their respective jobs."I'm not always right. I make mistakes, and same for her," he said. "There's no 'How to Be the Perfect First Lady' book. You learn on the spot."He added that styling the Trump is "not really my forte," but said that he did do private shopping for her at Michael Kors, Bergdorf Goodman, Saks, and Dior."When you work with a woman, it's not about the clothes. It's about the way a person is living: the way she eats, the way she organizes, her flowers," Pierre said. "I ask a question every time I put an idea on paper: Where is this woman going?"Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.From: Harper's BAZAAR UK		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Dangerous for your wallet, excellent for your overall happiness.For the try-before-you-buy crowd out there, John Lewis has the ultimate shopping experience in store.Over the weekend, the UK retailer opened a fully-furnished in-store apartment called The Residence, where every single item is for sale, according to a press release. Two of their locations—on Oxford Street in Cambridge and Liverpool—will now feature the apartment pop-up for guests to shop. In other words: You can test out the couch cushions, see the tableware up close, and even spend a night test-driving the bed. Wait, what?That's right: After hours, some lucky shoppers will get the chance at an overnight stay.Of course, these experiences are not only fabulous, but exclusive. To gain access to the pop-up, you have to visit the John Lewis store this coming weekend, September 23 and 24, and enter for a chance to win a spot.In addition to a living and dining area and a bedroom decked out in in luxe decor, the Oxford Street flagship location also features a kitchen, a wine cooler, a study and indoor terrace. To really make yourself at home (and then some), there is daily newspaper delivery, fresh coffee, brunch in bed, and even closets filled with the store's latest fashions, so you can practice getting ready in your new space.A private concierge will be on-call to fulfill any of your needs, and a private shopping experience and tour of the secret corridors of the John Lewis department store is also on the itinerary.If you aren't one of the lucky few to snag some QT time inside the decked out department store, the space will also be made available for event rentals up to ten people.That means you can throw an intimate dinner party, catered by a chef, with a pre-selected tablescape, music and signature cocktail.For all others, the Residence will offer home decor workshops during the day, covering everything from hosting your own glam dinner parties to finding the best mood lighting for your space.So, when does this come to the U.S., exactly?h/t: Travel And LeisureFrom: ELLE Decor US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Highly decorated.When's the last time you thought about really doing your hair, outside of styling it (even just brushing it, if you're so low-maintenance you might be broken)? Now's the time to bring clips and flowers and pearly barrettes to the forefront of your minds, comrades, because they're pretty and convey a sense of deliberateness we seem to have lost. Here, seven fresh ideas that might persuade you to have a dig through your (hair) jewelry box. A simple barrette slipped in near the hairline lends a schoolgirl-y dimension that complements Anderson's slightly off-kilter fit-and-flare dresses.Shop similar: Jennifer Behr, $183BUY IT: neimanmarcus.com.And like the previous slide but more extra, this look takes a three-prong approach to defining and bringing light to the face: one pearl barrette at the arch, and two more at the ends of the brows. Add blush, and you're a lit-from-within Renaissance figure. For days when doing *anything* is too much of a cross to bear, make the most of your rough-night texture by carving out a deep side part, then sticking in a rhinestone clip. Someone track down the "sex anxiety" one for me, eh?Shop similar: Ashley Williams, $81BUY IT: ashleywilliamslondon.com.Whereas IRL, your evening options might be whatever you can scrounge up, in fashion, we're moving toward a fully realized, matching Look. (See: an evening tote in the same fabric as your dress.) Similarly, Marchesa showed floral puffs of tulle tucked into loose hair.That you, Frida Kahlo? A bit less doable—but still possible, if you believe in yourself and have enough hair—here's a shoelace-cum-bungee wound through the lengths of Rihanna's motocross racers.Finally, for a wedding or a particularly important Thursday, my favorite hair look of all time: Rodarte's explosion of ribbon and baby's breath and cascading hair and cascading hair. Ain't it purdy? Shop similar: ASOS, $19BUY IT: asos.com."Yes," she said, responding to herself. "But did you know this one can go straight from the couture runway to the red carpet? The stole included?" Then she ran to the flower shop. The end.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The muslim designer refuses to believe that modest and sexy are mutually exclusive. You know what they say about one man's trash...Well, for Project Runway season 16's "unconventional materials" group challenge, contestants had no choice but to turn it into treasure. Tasked with creating outfits from materials fished out of bins at a Queens, New York, recycling center by Marie Claire Editor-in-Chief and guest judge Anne Fulenwider to promote sustainable fashion, the designers were off to a daunting start. But not 27-year-old Ayana Ife, who got her bachelor's degree in apparel design from Middle Tennessee State University. "My mom was a seamstress when I was younger," she says, "so I'd pick up her scraps and make doll clothes out of them, or remake the hand-me-downs I got from my sisters.""I couldn't find any Western-style clothes with a modest edge, like distressed jeans but lined."As a Muslim, the Salt Lake City–based designer couldn't find cool clothes that kept her covered in adherence to religious rules. "Growing up, I mostly wore long, loose-fitting, burka-type garments. When I entered the working world, I realized that didn't fit every environment. But I couldn't find any Western- style clothes with a modest edge, like distressed jeans but lined," she says. Refusing to believe that modest and sexy were mutually exclusive, she began designing pieces that, worn together, would cover the body from head to wrist to toe, but that more adventurous clients could opt to wear separately. (When lingerie slipdresses were trendy, Ife made her own full-coverage, negligee-inspired version.) After mentor Tim Gunn showed up at the workroom to survey the designs of Ife and her four teammates, he deemed the group's overall look incohesive. It was Ife's long-sleeve fringed maxi dress with bodice detailing (made from vinyl, plastic, tray covers, bottle caps, and paint) that eventually pulled the collection together—winning them the challenge and her teammates' votes when asked to pick a single winner among the group. "The dress was deeply chic, and I didn't even know that she was trying to design modest fashion!" says Fulenwider. Adds former MC Creative Director and Project Runway judge Nina Garcia: "Ayana's strength is that she's able to contour her materials and use texture to express some- thing about the woman herself, instead of rely- ing on flesh to make a statement." Now that's a statement in and of itself. This article appears in the October issue of Marie Claire, on newsstands September 19. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Metallic one day, #millennialpink the next.Sweater weather? More like tank-top-button-down-cashmere-sweater-leather-jacket weather, as Rat from The Wind in the Willows would say if he could stop thinking about sandwiches for a goddamn minute. Ahead, shop 10 worthy candidates—both trendy and classic—to make the crowning glory of all the fall outfits you're compiling in your head right now.Not a bad way to start, this guy. Classic moto cut, and that price can't be beat. Solid.Uniqlo, $50BUY IT: uniqlo.com.All right, you're not really fooling anybody into thinking you've got a few yards of patent leather wrapped around your body, but that's the fun of vinyl. Topshop, $170BUY IT: topshop.com.And this is the fun of shearling: doing up the funnel neck so only your eyes are visible and you look like Beaker from the Muppets.Zara, $149BUY IT: zara.com.Same!Miss Selfridge, $125BUY IT: us.missselfridge.com.Not that you need another reason to put your hands up in the air. (In joy, in surrender over how out-of-control your life's gotten, it's whatever.)Mango, $170BUY IT: shop.mango.com.Deeeeeep saleeeeee.Mackage, $175BUY IT: aritzia.com.Major fall trend alert: the fur collar, which is built in here. H&M, $70BUY IT: hm.com.Here comes Santa Claus. (JK, just leave the belt undone, it's fine.) Genuine People, $187BUY IT: genuine-people.com.When they see you coming, people will be like "Calm down, walking Prada ad." Front Row Shop, $90BUY IT: frontrowshop.com.In the market for a new fracket? This furry, fully souped-up version is all yours. Boohoo, $40BUY IT: us.boohoo.com.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			His new collection for Lane Bryant drops this month. Prabal Gurung is at a rare moment of standstill. At an isolated table at The Dirty French, the Singaporian designer is discussing his new 16-piece collection with plus-size retailer Lane Bryant, a collaboration that's been a long time in the making. Gurung is no stranger to designing for curvier women (having cast plus-size models like Ashley Graham and Candice Huffine in his shows before) and using his stage to promote inclusivity. A prime example was his Fall 2017 show, where models walked the runway wearing tees with politically charged slogans like, "Our Minds, Our Bodies, Our Power;" "Break Down Walls;" and "I Am an Immigrant." This collection only seeks to amplify his message.It's no secret that plus-size women aren't exactly privileged in the world of fashion. The offerings currently serving the plus-size market range from the strictly utilitarian (shapeless clothes that get you from A to B) to the low-quality: Fast fashion clothes that are often crafted from cheap materials and poorly equipped to flatter fuller shapes.And despite the line of thinking that plus-size clothes are just more difficult to make, Gurung says the design process isn't that different for larger sizes. He considers fit and flattering fabrics with every size, he explains, but with a plus-sizes piece he especially focuses on the ease, comfort, and functionality of it. "What I don't want to compromise is style," he adds. "Whenever I'm designing the essence of who the woman is stays the same. She's someone who has style with substance." His decision to shape his Lane Bryant collection with the city of Paris in mind—from its beautiful scenery to the aspirationally chic women who occupy it—is a wink and a nod to the fact that Gurung's offering plus-size women entry to a space where they've never felt welcome before. "I know what's it like to grow up and look in the pages of magazines and see no one who looks like me.""Paris is not a city that's inclusive—it's not known for that. So I was thinking maybe this girl feels intimidated by this city. I wanted to dress her, give her that feel, make her a part of that world, bring her there and make her feel beautiful. There's the obvious factor of beauty, but the subtext to that was why can't she belong there?"The fall collection includes cozy color-blocked knits, faux-fur collar coats, and minimal workwear sheaths, priced from $38 to $278. Dresses and skirts have cut-aways that enhance curves rather than mask them; bell sleeves and wide leg pants use oversized shapes in flattering ways. Sizes range from 14 to 28. And though diversity at fashion week and in magazines is on the ups and ups every season, there's still plenty of progress to make. Instead of checking off boxes to fill diversity quotas, Gurung says that big designers and influential industry players (whether that be in the publishing industry or beyond) should be the ones moving the needle on inclusivity and normalizing it. "I know what's it like to grow up and look in the pages of magazines and see no one who looks like me. The ideals of beauty were that you needed to be a size zero, blue-eyed, blonde, white girl," he says. In the age of brands and labels jumping on the diversity bandwagon to make headlines and then quickly moving on to the next big thing, he says it'll take courage from the top down to really secure lasting change. "When I see Céline, Prada, Louis Vuitton, Gucci, and other influential designers embracing plus-size models, diverse casting, and different ideas of beauty, that's when I'll think the industry has shifted. Until now, it hasn't."Prabal Gurung x Lane Bryant clothes will launch at select Lane Bryant locations and at lanebryant.com starting on September 25. [gopher ]//player.hearstdigitalstudios.com/59c32766bbddbd6aaaee05bd?width=100%25&autostart=0&aratio=16:9&duration=&cc%5B%5D= [/gopher]Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's 10 p.m. Do you know where your boobs are?According to Playboy, young people aren't into boobs anymore, adding mammaries to a CVS-receipt's length list of things beginning with Big Macs and ending with self-pity. But fashion people—despite their traditional aversion to any protrusion that interferes with The Line—would beg to differ. You see, for spring, designers have been presenting pieces that both enhance the poitrine while simultaneously ignoring it, namely by doing these stylized corsets where the traditional boob cups are present but not outlining where the real boobs actually are. Huh? Maybe a picture would help. Granted, who knows how these J.W. Anderson tops would look on a larger bust measurement, but we can at least appreciate how they hint at the body without giving much away. Now, for an even more ambiguous extreme example, let's take a look at Prabal Gurung, who showed open jackets detailed with parabolas that only obliquely suggest the shape of the boobs underneath. Then on to Instagram-famous brand Orseund Iris, known for similarly quadratic-formula-shaped enhancements, though raised and nubby and equipped with a heavy-duty underwire. Orseund Iris, $195BUY IT: orseundiris.com.So what does it all mean, besides that designers have found a workaround for those boob cups, which someone (the Proenza Schouler boys, possibly) once called the hardest things to fit? Maybe that after seasons of high-neck dresses, we're ready to "rediscover" boobs, whether we like ours or not. (Think about it: With two machine-symmetrical outlines placed smack-dab in the middle of your chest, who wouldn't have a great rack, with the nipple falling exactly midway between elbow and shoulder?) Maybe that we shouldn't declare anything dead based on some dudes' porn searches. Or maybe that we were never really over boobs after all.Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's just as pretty as the first, of course.If you heard the words "Kate Middleton's wedding dress," we're sure you could instantly picture the Sarah Burton for Alexander McQueen design, with its extravagant train, V-neck bodice, and lace sleeves.But, if we followed up with "Kate Middleton's second wedding dress,' you may struggle. Not as many people know that the Duchess actually had a second gown for the big day—and yes, it's as beautiful as the one she wore for the ceremony. Once the public festivities were over, Kate changed into an ivory satin dress for an intimate evening affair at Buckingham Palace.The gown, which was also designed by Sarah Burton for Alexander McQueen, featured a sweetheart neckline, circle skirt, and gorgeous diamante belt. The dress appears to be strapless, but the Duchess finished her look with a gorgeous white angora bolero. She also left her hair down in tumbling curls for a softer look.Kate's iconic daytime gown helped attract a record number of visitors to Buckingham Palace when it was featured in a Royal Wedding exhibition.It also sparked a surge in brides searching for a similar gown–but it seems that now, future brides have two styles to choose from!Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.From: Good Housekeeping UK		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Ya hear, Butterfingers? One of the most talked-about features of the new iPhone 8 and 8 Plus is that they'll have glass backs and fronts—slippery, slippery glass in which you can watch your expression of abject horror as it tumbles from your fingers onto the sidewalk, shattering into a thousand fractals some Apple Genius can definitely tell was not from "manufacturer error." That'll be $129, please. But what if another, relatively minor investment now could save you some trouble later? Here, shop 10 cases that are already on the market. As indestructible as that one fortress in Lord of the Rings. Caseology, $15BUY IT: caseology.com.They're in my head. They're on my phone. They're on pillows and towels and ties, because pineapples are the It fruit, and there's no escaping them.Casetify, $45BUY IT: casetify.com.Free them!Natalie Catalina's Print Shop, $27BUY IT: society6.com.For the minimalist or maximalist who wants a clear frame for her Glossier and Supreme and whatever stickers.Totallee, $14BUY IT: amazon.com.*Chrissy Teigen cringe face.*Alesia Fisher, $27BUY IT: society6.com.With this phone case comes the responsibility to knock on it whenever you go "I haven't been ghosted—yet." Toast, $34BUY IT: toastmade.com.You know you want to.Speck, $45BUY IT: speckproducts.com.It might be priced like the Rolls Royce of phone cases, but that's because it just might be, with the stingray and celeb endorsements from Jessica Alba.Ullu, $199BUY IT: ullushop.com.The rest of your life looks like Dazed and Confused anyway.Alisa Galitsyna, $27BUY IT: society6.com.Add a few singles (pizza money), and you're set for life. Oh, and your house keys.Mujjo, $23BUY IT: amazon.com.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Puffy with a chance of sequins.With Sunday evening's Emmys, we're officially off to the races, with the shiny ponies galloping until March's Oscars. But with that first showing, we can already make some fashion predictions on what will be in this awards-show season. See your best bets ahead. We felt the first tremblings of this one at Cannes, where celebrities sometimes wore *literal* wedding dresses on the red carpet, and the seismic activity surrounding bridal white—a former no-no—is only spreading. Just look at Jennifer Lawrence in Dior. Much more successful than the movie she was promoting, I reckon. Madeline Brewer at a pre-Emmys eventMillie Bobby Brown in Calvin Klein by Appointment at the 2017 EmmysLike Issa Rae in custom Vera Wang or you this summer, celebrities are embracing single shoulders with open arms (one's just a little colder than the other). It's a very flattering silhouette we haven't seen at the awards shows in a while, so 👌. Kathryn Hahn  at a pre-Emmys eventJulianne Hough in Marchesa at the 2017 EmmysTheir stylists are looking at the runways too, and the runways were whispering "Put Nicole Kidman in deep red Calvin Klein by Appointment, Julia von Boehm. Dooooo it." And she did, and many others will too before the last Oscar is given out. Gina Rodriguez in Naeem Khan at the 2017 EmmysKeri Russell in Polly Wales at a pre-Emmys eventOH MY TOM FORD. Not even a day after the Emmys, AKA Sequin Central, happened Julianne Moore shows up to the Kingsman premiere looking like a statuette herself. But it's not the "if you can be it, you can achieve it" thinking from seasons past, exactly—silver seems to be the front-runner, with other metals fall not so far behind. Sarah Paulson in Carolina Herrera at the 2017 EmmysTracee Ellis Ross in Chanel Haute Couture at the 2017 EmmysHow many Trump jokes were made last night? Loads—and that was just during the ceremony. While no one has gone so far as to wear Macy Gray's legendary VMAs dress but promotional in a different way (of the president's impeachment, perhaps), there were more blue ACLU ribbons dotting the red carpet than ever before.Judith Light at the 2017 EmmysAnn Dowd at the 2017 Emmys		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			If only we could all look this 🔥 in sportswear...Selena Gomez, face of Louis Vuitton and Coach, is now expanding her fashion portfolio to athleisure. The singer announced on Instagram that she is officially a Puma partner with a fiery shot of her in a Puma sports bra and leggings:The Weeknd liked and commented, of course:He also posted an Insta story on it on his account:Puma confirmed the news on its Instagram with another shot from Gomez's campaign, featuring the singer doing her best come-hither face in shorts, a tank, and sneakers:"Being part of the PUMA family is very exciting for me," Gomez said in a press release. "PUMA has changed the game when it comes to the mash-up of athletic wear and fashion. It's amazing to see this influence on style and culture and I'm excited to be a part of it. I am hoping that we can create something special together. We already have some really cool projects in the works."The company also shared a cute behind-the-scenes video of Gomez from her first shoot, which the paparazzi originally caught her on back on September 9:Get those fashion deals, girl. Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.From: ELLE US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Hey, we like to have fun too, okay?In school, the kids in advanced classes are sometimes told that it's natural for them to procrastinate because they like testing their superior intellects against the clock. Now, even though most of the Gifted and Talented are grown enough to realize that telling children they're special is setting them up for future disappointment, at least the putting-everything-off-until-the-last-minute part hasn't changed. Here, 10 Halloween costumes you don't even need to pull an all-nighter to put together. So internet! So millennial! And so easy, if you've got two friends who are equally late to the proverbial costume party. Red shirt, blue shirt, plaid shirt, the relevant facial expressions, done—unless you want to add signs to make some cutting political commentary about Capitol Hill ignoring the tenets on which America was built to deport children. Gap, $30BUY IT: gap.com.I've never seen this show and even I know what he looks like, so others should too. Call up a friend who's held onto his letterman jacket far longer than he should have, add a white T-shirt and jeans, and an eyeshadow bruiser. Opening Ceremony, $395BUY IT: ssense.com.I did not know he'd gotten a movie deal, but I like this new version of Salt Bae, especially because Salt Bae Original Blend might be a touch dated. Load up on the hair gel, leave your robe open, and you're halfway there. Can't wait for Salt Bae: 2 Fast 2 Furious and Salt Bae: Furiouser and Furiouser and Return of Salt Bae: Don't You Know I'm Angry?Target, $54BUY IT: target.com.I mean, most people will think you're going as a nondescript tennis player if you don't have the hair, but beggars can't be choosers. The more vintage your whites and racket, the better, but your bedtime glasses will do. (Bonus: No contacts to take out at the end of the night.) Warby Parker, $145BUY IT: warbyparker.com.You're going to dance anyway, aren't you? So pay homage to Lorde with sweats, Superstars, and maybe an aluminum foil dress, if you're crafty. (If you're not, you could buy the one below.) To really sell it, remember to express yourself with unadulterated joy. That really terrifies people. ASOS, $103BUY IT: asos.com.Organize a really big sheet of cardboard. Cut two torso-size fidget spinner shapes and wear them sandwich-board style. The finest members of the procrastinating class will find some way to make the front piece spin. Walmart, $20BUY IT: walmart.com.This is already eerily costume-like with the self-identifying hat, which makes it perfect and bone-chilling. Pants will be peed.  Adidas, $45BUY IT: neimanmarcus.com.You just need a jacket, a can of Pepsi, and the belief that sugary beverages can solve protester-police relations. (It's fine, you're in character.)Smoke x Mirrors, $245BUY IT: smokexmirrors.com.Envisioning a swim camp situation augmented by various twigs and flowers not picked from a public park or your neighbor's windowsill, because that would be illegal!Mango, $120BUY IT: shop.mango.com.The hardest part would be finding a printer. And enough eyeliner. Stila, $22BUY IT: sephora.com.From: BestProducts		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Because you can't tear up the dance floor in a gown.I don't know where and how they do it (in the car?!), but some mysteries, like celebrities changing dresses between an awards show's end and the after-party's start, are best left unsolved. Instead, here are just the astounding results of their backseat contortions (we imagine). In Elie Saab at HBO's Post-Emmys partyIn Oscar de la Renta at HBO's Post-Emmys partyAt HBO's Post-Emmys partyAt HBO's Post-Emmys partyAt the FOX Broadcasting Company, Twentieth Century Fox Television, FX, and National Geographic Emmy Awards after-partyAt HBO's Post-Emmys partyAt HBO's Post-Emmys partyIn Randi Rahm at HBO's Post-Emmys partyIn Monique Lhuillier at HBO's Post-Emmys partyAt HBO's Post-Emmys partyAt HBO's Post-Emmys party		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			And so it begins.Like a restaurant that doesn't stop soft-opening until January, here we are at the beginning of awards-show season. (Spoiler alert: It ends with you probably not winning the Oscar pool because you watched, like, half a movie. Bummer.) Ahead, see what dresses the stars brought out for the first of many red carpets. In Jeremy ScottIn Carolina HerreraIn J. MendelIn BalmainIn custom Lela RoseIn custom Christian Siriano In DiorIn Calvin Klein by AppointmentIn Stella McCartneyIn Proenza SchoulerIn Prabal GurungIn Ralph LaurenIn custom Vera WangIn Zac PosenIn Zuhair MuradIn Zac PosenIn Oscar de la RentaIn Elie SaabIn Chanel Haute CoutureIn Narciso Rodriguez In Oscar de la RentaIn Jenny Packham In Ralph & Russo CoutureIn Salla LaPointeIn custom PradaIn Zac Posen		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			This is a movie waiting to happen.One of the most talked about models at NYFW was working at a Chipotle just 10 days ago, outlets are reporting..Remington Williams walked for some of the biggest names in the business this past week, including Calvin Klein, Sies Marjan, and Marc Jacobs, and she looked amazing doing it. Not bad for a girl who was washing dishes at an Austin, Texas branch of the fast casual chain the week before. Apparently a scout saw her scrubbing away and was like, "YOU! Come with me!" and she was like, "OK, tight." And now she's strutting about town wearing super nice clothes and having the time of her life. Go on, Remington!The model is now preparing to head to Europe for all the shows, and she's practicing strutting in stilettos to get ready."[I've been wearing] the heels to the grocery store and bodega near my apartment," she said. "Models do not get enough credit for walking in those crazy shoes—they make it look so easy!"Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.From: Cosmopolitan US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			A $48 coat? Sign us up.Even with their ginormous bank accounts (not to mention the swag), some celebrities know the thrill of a true fashion bargain. From Taylor Swift's flirty matching sets to Beyoncé's $20 skinny jeans, don't miss these chic celebrity looks and their run-don't-walk prices.If it's good enough for the queen—"it" being a $165 House of CB dress—it's good enough for anybody.You'd think HTT designer is what she's got, but she's...you know the rest. Here, Jenny from the block wears a $38 Z Supply T-shirt out in Paris with A-Rod.Undeniably chic. Some logo-ed trophy shades would look right at home against her band shirt, but no more so than these $30 "Celebrity" frames from Privé Revaux, another famous-person-favorite eyewear brand.Bold move wearing a $74 dress to the polo, but Jamie Chung in lace Storets is a match made in fancy-event heaven. The exact thing you'd want to wear on days it's so muggy it's hard to breath, AKA the whole of August. This non-clingy, floral Madewell dress does the trick for $70.HOLY ABS. (Which launched an investigation here.) But cute suit too, yeah? Luckily, her & Other Stories polka-dot bikini is a bit more attainable at $39 for the top and $25 for the briefs.Cutouts are vents for humans. This Madewell dress has that and more, with a button front and breezy mini hemline. It's also on sale from an already-reasonable price to $80.So good, she wore it to a fashion awards show. In a unique burnt orange, this dress mashes together a few of your favorite things, including men's shirting, ruffles, and an off-the-shoulder neckline. Did we mention it's $148? She made headlines for pairing Givenchy with a pair of $50 sandals from Aldo for the premiere of this summer's most massive movie. (Wonder Woman—ever heard of it?)Being a model helps cheap clothing drape better, yeah, but when the cut is good, it's good. She's wearing a $61 high-neck dress from PrettyLittleThing. It's Zara, and it's on sale for $30. (From $129—get clicking.) Inexpensive formalwear is tough—cue the "This doesn't look anything like the picture" roundups—but Julianne Hough is proof that it can be done. At a better-than-decent $273, her AQ/AQ cutout gown delivers more than enough design for the price.Like one of those sequin pillows that flip over to reveal a cheeky message when you rub your hand over it. Get her silver PrettyLittleThing dress for your next big night out for $44. While traveling down under, Jenner sported this army green trench coat that's equal parts chic and functional. But its utter wearability isn't the best part, as the topper is Forever 21 and can be yours for under $50. If that's not an early holiday gift, we don't know what is. Selena Gomez has been absolutely *slaying* her style game lately. Her outfits are always sophisticated and elegant in a way that belies her 23 years of age. The latest look we're dying to copy? This chic ensemble she was spotted in at the LAX airport. (Full disclosure: We probably don't have the level of commitment it takes to wear this while traveling, though.) While the singer's edgy Alexander Wang dress and sleek Giuseppe Zanotti pumps might put us a bit over budget, her $70 sueded coat is already in our shopping cart at H&M. The Kardashian-Jenners love 'em some shapewear, which is why we're not surprised that18-year-old Kylie is already slipping into the skin-tight spandex. On Instagram she shared her "bomb" spanx that had followers accusing her of wearing butt pads. Jenner simply responded with a link to purchase the $44 Flat Out Flawless Mid-Thigh Body Shaper, which comes in black or soft nude.She may have been on a designer shopping spree in Paris, but Gigi Hadid's outfit of choice was surprisingly budget-friendly. The model's short-sleeve knit Cotton:On dress is only $25. Seriously. Jenner's high-waisted Topshop jeans are a regular feature in her outfit rotation. And at $70, this wardrobe MVP truly is top value status.  Ratajkowski keeps things sultry in this Primark velvety pencil skirt, which at $11, likely costs less than a trip to the movies to see her new film We Are Your Friends.It's a sister style showdown—and this time, it's one we can afford. The Jenner sisters have stepped out in their own unique styling of this $160 NBD dress. Are you team minimalist Kendall or glammed-up Kylie? Witherspoon has been spotted several times in these classic white tennis shoes AKA Puma Match Lo Sneakers that will only set you back $65.It's no secret that Jenner has become the golden child of celebrity street style, so the fact that these silky, wide leg overalls are by Forever 21 and only $28 makes 'em a sure-thing purchase.Always one for an athleisure look, Hadid tops off her sportif crop top, striped sweatpants, and pumps with Guess' roomy denim boyfriend jacket that's currently on sale for $70.She may be accessorizing with a Louis Vuitton bag and Gianvito Rossi sandals, but this petal pink, lace up shift dress from her upcoming Kendall + Kylie collection is sure to be easy on the wallet.Schumer jumped on the Forever 21 bandwagon—poncho style. At an airport in Sydney, she dons this $29.80 burgundy cape with a black fedora and aviator shades.Gigi keeps it fresh in NYC wearing a white ASOS Midi Tank Dress ($63) with a leather belt tied at the waist and snakeskin sandals.The Kardashian-Jenner fam isn't known for its thriftiness, but one thing's for certain: Jenner loves this $50 little red H&M dress. She re-wore the ultra-short number, pairing it with a green Balenciaga bag and white strappy sandals.For her star-studded 4th of July party, Swift opted for a plaid bustier and high-waisted shorts bikini that's currently on sale on ASOS for under-$50. Done and done.Miranda Kerr might have set a record for cheapest-chicest dress ever. She stepped out in a fresh-off-the-racks, print blue dress by H&M that's breezy and effortless, wearing it with a black cardigan and white tennis shoes.Now, it doesn't include Jennifer Lawrence's killer abs, but her black, bustier style Michael Michael Kors Fall 2015 crop top is well worth the $100, if we may say so.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			All the closeups you haven't seen. Even if you're viewing a fashion show from the comfort of your computer screen, there's still a lot of noise to cut through—literally, if you're watching one with a soundtrack Michael Bay would love and more quick zooms than an Edgar Wright film. If only there were some way to really see the details and those glorious shoes and bags...There are shoulder dusters, and then there are these guys, who tickle your COLLARBONE. The drama.If these don't wind up on Rihanna's feet/legs at some point, that will be a real missed opportunity. Two straw bags > one. Or none.A very elegant fanny pack, proving that all things are possible.Great for some after-dinner puppetry or lashing stupid men across the face, should the occasion arise. FIDGET SPINNERS (stylized, but still). Grab your scissors and markers, kids. It's DIY time. A sixth microtrend: wrapping bag straps around your wrist. Might take some time to get disentangled every time you want to set it down, but perhaps worth it for the aesthetics. You're eating spaghetti. A twirling error results in a sauce fling. It lands on your torso. You just wipe it off. Genius. It's been a while since we've had a big cuff moment. More, please.Party like it's your birthday and someone's stuck a plastic tiara on your head.It was kind of hard to tell because we were still reeling from the motocross bikers, but those are ying-yang earrings, wow. Better get used to tiny sunglasses hanging around.Same for fanny packs.Heel like one of those zigzag chairs you can't afford. If Mansur Gavriel shows scrunchies, you know '90s hair accessories are well and truly back. A pretty, floral iteration of the mega earring.Sun-bleached and well-worn—just like everything else the Michael Kors woman owns.Not sure how this works, exactly, but still here for it.You know the brand for its tiny ring-handle bucket bags,And when you're not toting it around, you could stick some flowers in there. To everybody who will own these: Take every opportunity possible to prop your feet up for those of us who can't (wah).When it's too hard to pick a shoe for your outfit, go for the Absence of Shoe. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Thank you, Cardi. Thank you, Christian Siriano. Cardi B arrived at Rihanna's 3rd Annual Clara Lionel Foundation Diamond Ball in New York on Thursday night looking like she stepped out of a gd fairytale. I mean, have you ever seen someone who was more a princess than Cardi B? She is a damn princess, and honestly, I want to vote for her for president in the next election. Like, I just want the whole world to be Cardi B all the time. The world would be a better place. Until then, let's drink in the glamour, courtesy of Christian Siriano:Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.From: Cosmopolitan US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Look cute and classy.Everyone needs a go-to office uniform. But when your weekday rotation starts to feel a little too routine, the result can be a bad case of wardrobe fatigue. To keep things fresh, why not add a little leather (or faux leather) into the mix? It's guaranteed to shake things up, whether in the form of directional accessories or super sleek separates. And styled properly, it's totally workplace-appropriate. These ten outfit ideas will inspire you to get edgy at the office.The standard pencil-skirt-and-button-down combo is taken up a notch thanks to a melange of pattern and print. The key to keeping it polished? A black-and-white palette and architectural leather accessories.BUY IT: Tommy Hilfiger shirt, $60; macys.com. Jill Sander skirt, $960; net-a-porter.com. Pamela Love earrings, $240; shopbop.com. Avec Les Filles slide, $178; macys.comA leather skirt can sometimes feel a bit too biker to be professional, but shades of pink and floral prints instantly make the vibe a whole lot sweeter. Stick to straightforward silhouettes to keep it from looking overly prim.  BUY IT: Tommy Hilfiger top, $70; macys.com. DKNY skirt, $99; macys.com. Steve Madden shoe, $80; stevemadden.com. Kate Spade bag, $328; katespade.comThe right pair of black pants are anything but boring; choose a pair with an updated, wide-leg silhouette and oversized buttons to keep things fresh. When topped with a textural striped cardigan and luxe leather accessories in unexpected colors, the result is definitely not blah.BUY IT: M Missoni cardigan, $436; farfetch.com. DKNY pants, $49; macys.com. Vince Camuto sandal, $160; vincecamuto.com; Coach satchel, $395; macys.comA silky pullover hits office-wear levels with the addition of crisp white palazzo pants. Slip on a pair of leather mules and top with a glitzy cross body bag for an ensemble that goes from desk to dinner in a snap.BUY IT: DKNY top, $99; macys.com. Diane von Furstenberg culottes, $370; net-a-porter.com. DKNY mule, $140; macys.com. Steve Madden bag, $78; stevemadden.comIt's no secret that a little black skirt is the wardrobe essential that goes the extra mile. Here, it serves as the backdrop for eye-catching separates like a chunky colorblock sweater, brocade mules, and golden jewelry.BUY IT: MSGM jumper, $342; farfetch.com; Wishbone earrings, $37; macys.com. DKNY skirt, $99; macys.com. DKNY mule, $140; macys.comAn asymmetrical, ruffled top finds balance in a cascading leather skirt. Keep it streamlined by tucking in the blouse and anchor the look with a pair of sturdy mules. BUY IT: DKNY top, $79; macys.com. Helmut Lang skirt, $1,618; matchesfashion.com. DKNY mule, $140; macys.com. Nine West watch, $49; ninewest.com To mix things up a bit, why not swap your usual blazer for a super soft leather jacket in a rich merlot hue? Pair it with a pale pink blouse and embroidered skinny trousers for an elevated take on business casual. BUY IT: Iris & Ink blouse, $195; theoutnet.com. DKNY jacket, $139; macys.com. DKNY sneaker, $100; macys.com. Gucci trousers, $980; mytheresa.comImportant meetings call for timeless pieces that make a lasting impression. A shift dress in a geometric print and silver-heeled pumps feel just right, especially when accented with a colorful bag.  BUY IT: Tommy Hilfiger dress, $129; macys.com. Alexander Wang bracelet, $595; shopbop.com. Coach satchel, $245; macys.com. DKNY pump, $120; macys.comAn unexpected combination of texture and print is the perfect way to pull yourself out of a sartorial rut. A pale blue button down pairs nicely with a shimmering leather skirt and '60s-esque earrings without being too over the top. Open-backed shoes in rich black suede keep everything grounded.BUY IT: Tommy Hilfiger shirt, $70; macys.com. Topshop skirt, $210; topshop.com. DKNY mule, $140; macys.com. Kate Spade earrings, $68; katespade.comA tan leather shift makes a stunning alternative to your usual LBD pencil dress. Style it for the office by layering it over a silky, printed blouse. Futuristic platform sneakers and an embellished purse keep it totally of-the-moment.BUY IT: DKNY blouse, $119; macys.com. Marc by Marc Jacobs dress, $278; theoutnet.com. DKNY sneaker, $125; macys.com. Coach clutch, $250; macys.com		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Betty's cardigans, Veronica's dresses, and more. Since Riverdale's epic season one finale has left us *dying* for more, we dug through the cast's wardrobe to find out where to shop the 50 best pieces. Get yourself a Betty Cooper cardigan and a Veronica Lodge dress, ahead.Jovani, Fitted Off-the-Shoulder Dress, $550BUY IT: amazon.com Forever New, Willow Bardot Hi-Lo Prom Dress, $199.99BUY IT: forevernew.comSimilar: Express, Abbreviated Lace-Up Halter Tank, $16.90BUY IT: express.com Similar: Ted Baker, Rav Scallop-Detail Sleeveless Top, $159BUY IT: bloomingdales.com Similar: Kate Spade, Collared Sweater Dress, $328BUY IT: katespade.comKate Spade, Embellished Bow Sweater, $268BUY IT: katespade.com Karl Lagerfeld Paris, Faux Leather Front Cardigan, $79.50BUY IT: karllagerfeldparis.com Similar: BB Dakota, Rhianna Illusion Yoke Lace Fit & Flare Dress, $98BUY IT: nordstrom.com Similar: Boohoo, Olivia Longline Tailored Crepe Cape, $40BUY IT: boohoo.com Similar: The Kooples, Lace Dress with Contrast Collar, $249BUY IT: stylebop.com Similar: Duffy, Two-Toned Ribbed Knit-Paneled Cashmere Sweater, $275BUY IT: theoutnet.com Similar: Emerson Thorpe, Fiora Silk Cami Top, $158BUY IT: shopbop.comSimilar: Milly, Coco A-Line Tweed Dress, $395BUY IT: nordstrom.com Similar: Natiga, Red Cherrys Enamel Brooch, $9.99BUY IT: amazon.com Similar: Charter Club, Pearl-Embellished Cashmere Cardigan, $169BUY IT: macys.com Similar: Anine Bing Lace-Trimmed Washed-Silk Camisole, $170BUY IT: net-a-porter.com Similar: L.L. Bean, Washed Twill Tunic, $54BUY IT: llbean.com Similar: J. Crew, The Downtown Field Jacket, $148BUY IT: jcrew.com Alice + Olivia, Bria Peplum Fit & Flare Dress, $330BUY IT: nordstrom.com Similar: Ralph Lauren, Wool Blend Wrap Coat, $360BUY IT: nordstrom.com Similar: H&M, Cable-Knit Sweater, $24.99BUY IT: hm.com Similar: American Apparel, Interlock Running Short, $16.90BUY IT: amazon.com Similar: Topboy, 100% Cotton Baseball Raglan, $15.99BUY IT: amazon.com Similar: Equipment, Sloane Cashmere Sweater, $270BUY IT: net-a-porter.com Similar: BGSD, Alexa Classic Hooded Long Trench Coat, $98BUY IT: jcpenney.com Similar: Bebe, Plaid Moto Jacket, $189BUY IT: bebe.com Similar: ASOS, Denim Jacket with Fleece Collar in Black Wash, $72BUY IT: asos.com Similar: Forever 21, Kikirki Leopard Print Bodysuit, $28BUY IT: forever21.comSimilar: Red Valentino, Short Sleeve Cashmere-Silk Pullover with Lace Cutout, $329BUY IT: stylebop.comSimilar: NYDJ Petites, Vara Chambray Button-Back Top, $88BUY IT: bloomingdales.com		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Ones to watch.There are no participation trophies in fashion, so now that we've handed out first prize, the rest are honorable mentions. That's real life! But that doesn't mean that next season, the following blips seen on this Fashion Week's radar won't become full-blown, well-adjusted Legit Trends in six months. You'll see. You might not like it, but those chunky, double-wide sneakers dads wear with black socks have some things going for them. For example, they add an off-kilter factor to a long dress, which might otherwise have been too straight-on Fashion. They're easier to walk in than kitten-heel mules, and that might help you be early for once, like a dad who gets to the airport five hours before the flight.The less dad-like the rest of your outfit, the more effective, obviously. Shop similar: Reebok, $165BUY IT: reebok.com.Your nan gasped. But then she offered you the use of her nighties, because she's more woke than to accept antiquated ideas of propriety, okay? Same for Creatures of Comfort, who showed this layered outfit.  Shop similar: Olivia von Halle, $445BUY IT: net-a-porter.com.And Calvin Klein coming in with the printed version of a Mad Men wife's "not tonight, honey" sleepwear. Millennial pink (still?). Gen Z yellow. Why not just combine them both, like Raf Simons at Calvin Klein did? Shop similar: Zara, $70BUY IT: zara.com.No Easter eggs, though, not even in this very ladylike ensemble from Carolina Herrera. Earlier this year, we declared vinyl the biggest celebrity trend. Next spring, make that *red* vinyl, as seen at Calvin Klein.Shop similar: ASOS, $40BUY IT: asos.com.Is that waterproof, Helmut Lang?Maybe you've been eyeing Maryam Nassir Zadeh's clear-plastic-upper wedges. Or maybe you should wait for her new-season, even more see-through version (minus a few inconsequential colored bits for structural integrity).Oscar de la Renta, an advocate for the greater visibility of bunions.Shop similar: Jeffery Campbell, $125BUY IT: urbanoutfitters.com.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"How dope would it have been to see some curves on the runway?"If, like Jim Carrey, you thought New York Fashion Week was "meaningless," you might want to rethink your opinion. From Nicki Minaj calling out designers for appropriating black culture and then not including black models in their shows, to Ashley Graham's lingerie show, which proved to be a true celebration of diversity, this season has prompted some important discussions.And now, Ashley has called out Rihanna for her her lack of curvy representation in her Fenty x Puma show. Speaking to Yahoo Style, Ashley had a few comments to make after attending the Fenty show: "I was at Fenty last night, and that was an amazing show. But how dope would it have been to see some curves on the runway?" FENTY FENTY FENTYA post shared by  A S H L E Y  G R A H A M (@ashleygraham) on Sep 12, 2017 at 3:27pm PDTGraham also said she's saddened that after last season's strong showing of plus-size models, the momentum has since cooled on the spring runways.Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.From: Cosmopolitan UK		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The most beautiful non-bride we've ever seen.Jennifer Lawrence has been nailing it on the promo tour for her new movie Mother! lately, rocking a series of sheer, glittery, naked dresses. But her latest look might be the most interesting, given that it very closely resembles...a wedding dress.The actress looked all kinds of divine in her pale blue/gray Christian Dior dress, and we can't help but wonder how she'll top this look if she does get married one day.Maybe she'll just wear it again? DON'T BE SILLY.She wore her hair up in a curly 'do with loads of flowers at the back (AHEM, bridal hair), and basically couldn't take that huge smile off her face all night.Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.From: Cosmopolitan UK		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Latin Curated makes its Fashion Week debut.Walking into Latin Curated's new SoHo pop-up shop, you're instantly captivated by the abundance of prints, colors, and energy. Handbags with red and yellow hand-stitched birds adorn the closest shelves, while ruffled florals catch your eye in the back and displays of gold jewelry draw you to the center. The space itself evokes a sense of joy, but it's the guests and designers excited for their new collections that really got the party going for the space's NYFW debut Thursday.This festive setup is the first embodiment of Latin Curated, a new organization that serves as an intermediary between emerging and more established Latin American designers and retailers, press, and consumers. Its goal is to bring unique and sustainable items—including geometric handbags, floral dresses, hand-cut leathers, and oversize gold brooches—made by more than 40 of Latin America's fashion up-and-comers to the mainstream market.Nina Garcia, Marie Claire creative director and former Project Runway judge, helped host 300 guests at the opening celebration. A native of Colombia, Garcia has a deep connection to her home country and the fashion industry in Central and South America: "I make a point to visit a few times every year, and I'm always awestruck at the innovation and creativity," she says."When I was in Bogotá for Fashion Week earlier this year, I decided the rest of the world had to see the creativity I was witnessing. That's when I got involved with Latin Curated," Garcia says. "Having been in the American fashion industry for many years, I'm able to act as a steward between Latin American designers and the global fashion market."This call for original, meaningful design motivated Latin Curated creative director Lorena Cuevas to get involved in the initiative. "It has been very difficult for Latin American designers to reach a global audience," she says, noting obstacles of accessibility and cost. "Now, with Latin Curated, we are joining together to create a system that supports our most talented designers and celebrates our unique design process and point of view."And with New York Fashion Week kicking off the twice-yearly hunt for the new and fresh, Latin America's hand-craftsmanship and culturally inspired design may just fit the bill. "Customers are demanding uniqueness, transparency, quality craftsmanship, and storytelling," Garcia says. "Latin American designers offer all of that quite naturally."While the shop doors close at the end of September, Latin Curated will continue to introduce exciting new brands on Instagram—with ambitions for e-commerce and an expanded physical presence in the future. So as the fashion industry opens up to welcome a more diverse community and shoppers eschew soulless clothes for those with their own stories, Latin Curated seems exactly the right destination for the modern customer. Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			How are we supposed to feel about this?According to internet lore, if you hear a gap-toothed Canadian sing about his daddy issues, you will feel an uncontrollable urge to make your pants look something like this: listens to mac demarco once pic.twitter.com/SOtrENpgTxWithout the accompanying windbreaker and frying pan full of cancer sticks, that's not necessarily a bad move, given that the multi-trouser thing has jumped from the World Wide Web onto the road-as-runway, most recently seen at Alexander Wang this season. "Is Mica Arganaraz really wearing leather leggings under a denim diaper, even though getting horizontal to do up one zipper is already demeaning enough?" you ask. Yes, yes she is. (I mean, sorta—it's more likely than not trompe l'oeil.) And in an extremely chic, actual street (style) application on Annina Mislin: Maison Margiela, $1,245BUY IT: farfetch.com.That's the main point: the illusion of effort carried off with absolute ease, unless you've had a bushel of cruciferous vegetables for dinner. But for those who'd like to save themselves even the trouble of a not-terribly difficult DIY or digging out the ol' Chase Sapphire, there's always an elastic waistband. The following Pants Squared outfit, as seen during Berlin Fashion Week, is reminiscent of athletic warmups or that one dude in your weight-lifting class who's dressed like it's the first day of NFL pre-season training. Shop similar: Adidas, $40BUY IT: asos.com.The sheerness of the basketball shorts against the tracksuit bottoms makes it, but because nothing can beat no pants at all, the most straightforward approach is to think like a married, middle-aged man. Cargo pants? Bootcut jeans? Nah—zip-off...khakis. A post shared by Justin Bieber (@justinbieber) on Jun 12, 2016 at 10:17pm PDTFollow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Classic eyewear is the key to rocking throwback style in 2017.There's a palpable '90s spirit in the air. Part of what makes the decade so ripe for revival is it didn't tap into just one look. Stripped-down minimalism, rebellious grunge, and all-out glamour are some of the distinct fashion moments from that era to stand the test of time.Another thing that never goes out of style? Outfit-making glasses. Oliver Peoples has been handcrafting classic eyewear for the past three decades, with some of its most iconic styles popularized by celebrities in the '90s. In honor of the brand's 30th anniversary, we're showing you how to rock five major '90s trends in 2017―and the best glasses to wear with them.If there's one silhouette that defined the '90s, it's the bias-cut slip dress. Streamlined and curve-skimming, a slinky slip is the perfect thing to wear when you'd rather be naked. Keep things simple with barely-there makeup and clear heels, but introduce a bit of personality in the form of pointdexter glasses that add a nerdy-chic touch.The Eyewear: Oliver Peoples O'Malley Rx SHOP Protagonist Classic Slip, for similar styles visit protagonist.com; Manolo Blahnik Scolto PVC & Suede Mules, barneys.comPared-back minimalism may have ruled in the '90s, but the decade is equally known for its moments of fashionable excess. Think: sexy satin shirts buttoned down to there, velvet hip huggers, slick latex dresses―all of which are relevant today. Texture is key. A glossy patent skirt gives off just the right amount of vixen, while come-as-you-are curls and timeless tortoiseshell shades complete the look. The Eyewear: Oliver Peoples MP-3 30th SHOPAre You Am I Kimia Bodysuit, areyouami.com; Tom Ford Patent Leather Side-Zip Skirt, tomford.comOur collective obsession with millenial pink is nothing new. Iridescent pastel makeup was a major phenomenon for '90s pop stars, who piled on shimmery eye shadow and frosted lipstick. Bring the look into 2017 by doubling down on one color―like powder pink―and don't forget to coordinate your eyewear with rosé-tinted aviators.The Eyewear: Oliver Peoples Rockmore SHOPBrora Cashmere Long Sleeved Crop Cardigan, brorausa.comInspired by the middle-finger-to-the-world musicians who emerged from the Seattle scene in the early '90s, fashion designers put ripped flannels and combat boots on the runways, and the rest is history. These days, we're feeling more of a subtle, refined take on classic grunge references. A deconstructed, homespun skirt and shrunken sweater channel that rule-breaker attitude― while a killer pair of sepia-stained shades pulls it all together.The Eyewear: Oliver Peoples OP-505 SHOPEckhaus Latta Sweater and Mini Skirt Avec Baby Blanket, shop.eckhauslatta.comNothing's sexier than your favorite blue jeans and the perfect little white t-shirt. This tried-and-true combo has been winning us over for decades, but it was arguably the It Girls of the '90s―with their bedhead and rockstar boyfriends―who best embodied the "too cool to care" vibe. Make the look yours by knotting the tee, shaking out your hair, and adding mirrored circular sunnies that catch a glare. The Eyewear: Oliver Peoples M-4 30th SHOPRE/DONE Hanes t-shirt and RE/DONE Levi's jeans, shopredone.comModel Khadijha Red Thunder (WOMEN), Styling by Ben Perreira, Hair by Shinya Nakagawa, Makeup by Grace AhnFrom: CR Fashion Book		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			These outfits will ward off the Sunday Scaries.Saturdays and Sundays are made for relaxing, but that's *no* excuse for looking sloppy. If anything, all that bae-brunching, errand-running, and bar-hopping is an ideal chance to show off your true style. These eight weekend outfit ideas might inspire you to trade in your usual jeans-and-T-shirt combo forever. Temper the sweetness of a gauzy, ruffled top by pairing it with rugged, khaki-colored, boyfriend-fit pants and a sturdy slip-on mule. A cross body bag in a vivid hue keeps things carefree—just the way the weekend should be.BUY IT: Tommy Hilfiger top, $70; macys.com. Topshop trousers, $75; topshop.com. Steve Madden mule, $79; macys.com. Coach clutch, $165; macys.comWide leg sailor pants and a striped boatneck top are a no-brainer. Sporty, striped kicks and a lushly-printed box bag keep the combo anchored in modern day.  BUY IT: Tommy Hilfiger shirt, $50; macys.com. Kate Spade bag, $598; katespade.com. Adidas shoes, $80; adidas.com. DKNY pants, $109; macys.comA corduroy pinafore looks all grown up layered over a collared shirt and paired with suede block heels. Tinted aviator shades complete the nostalgic vibe and complement the dress's earthy hue.BUY IT: Tommy Hilfiger shirt, $70; macys.com. Alexa Chung dress, $406; matchesfashion.com. DKNY mule, $140; macys.com. Vince Camuto sunglasses, $75; vincecamuto.comPink definitely doesn't have to be prim—even when light fabrics and flared silhouettes enter the mix. The key? Balancing it with edgy accessories, like studded slides and an embellished saddle bag.BUY IT: Tommy Hilfiger blouse, $70; macys.com. Antonio Berardi pants, $590; net-a-porter.com. Steve Madden mule, $89; macys.com. Kate Spade tressa, $448; katespade.com.Play up a feminine pattern by pairing it with textural elements and unexpected hues: A slick leather mini skirt in caramel looks especially fab when accented with a tonal bag. Metallic pink flats tie it all together. BUY IT: Tommy Hilfiger blouse, $80; macys.com. Lauren Ralph Lauren bag, $298; ralphlauren.com. Steve Madden mule, $79; macys.com. Chloé Miniskirt, $1,795; mytheresa.comThe humble shirtdress is a wardrobe workhorse that goes from weekdays to weekends seamlessly. Dress it down with a cozy striped cardigan; accessories like a color-blocked bag and white sneaks are as easygoing as they are stylish. BUY IT: Tommy Hilfiger shirtdress, $130; macys.com. Nine West crossbody, $69; ninewest.com. DKNY sneaker, $100; macys.com. RTA cardigan, $243; theoutnet.comWhen evening plans call for a bit of swagger, reach for updated American classics like a softly-tailored button-down and crisp white denim. Sleek western ankle booties and shiny earrings add major polish. BUY IT: Tommy Hilfiger shirt, $60; macys.com. Vince Camuto earrings, $25; vincecamuto.com. Frye boot, $228; macys.com. M.I.H. jeans, $145; matchesfashion.comTo keep things fresh this autumn, swap last season's denim skirt for a brightly embroidered mini. When worn with a checkered shirt and metallic slip-ons, the vibe is fun—but totally pulled together.  BUY IT: Tommy Hilfiger shirt, $60; macys.com. Ray-Ban sunglasses, $165; ray-ban.com. Ugg sneaker, $130; macys.com. Topshop skirt, $68; topshop.com		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			For cultural appropriation *and* the fact it looks pretty similar to one by Kate Spade.Here we go again: Kendall and Kylie Jenner have been accused of cultural insensitivities surrounding one of the handbags from their latest collection.The bag in question is shaped like a Chinese takeout box, with a tiger and "KK Express Los Angeles" written on the front in red lettering. It is called the "Lee leather clutch."Not only is the bag a more-than-questionable design choice for cultural reasons, but it also looks really rather similar to one designed by Kate Spade in 2014.Awkward all round, then.MTV Asia reported on the bag, saying that it has "ruffled feathers in the Asian community." They added: "And btw, these are not legit Chinese take-away boxes and it doesn't even look like that here in Asia. LOL!"Just this week, a photographer has reportedly filed a lawsuit against the sisters for their line of T-shirts featuring 2Pac, Biggie, and Redman, with Kylie and Kendall's faces printed over the top.At the time the T-shirts were on sale, Kendall released a statement, saying, "These designs were not well thought out and we deeply apologize to anyone that has been upset and/or offended...We will use this as an opportunity to learn from these mistakes and again, we are very sorry."Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.From: Cosmopolitan UK		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"She wears short-shorts, I wear long-longs."No one will be exceptionally happy to hear this, but 1) people have been wearing 'em, and 2) they never really left—everybody except Rihanna just pretended they did. Here, learn to recognize the 17 signs of the Pants Apocalypse, except it's really not so bad because at least you won't need to shave above your kneecap.I think she wore this to lunch, which is a bold move both because of the spill risk and how it would show that you had a bread roll and a chocolate fondant. But good for you, Kim Kardashian.Good American, $145BUY IT: goodamerican.com.Very French girl (in the stereotypical way that gets people riled up these days) meets American girl with ancestors who came on the Mayflower and summers in Nantucket. Note the contrast with the slide before. Also the sweater. And in contrast to the previous two photos, here we return to the tight-ish kind of Bermudas—with a fanny pack, no less.Shop similar: Levi's, $35.50BUY IT: levi.com.Interestingly, even slimmer, but somehow business-like? Weird.Bermuda shorts as culottes, worn with a top that's also big. Not for the shy or people who want other people to know they actually use their Equinox membership.Shop similar: Lafayette 148, $478BUY IT: neimanmarcus.com.💦 for Rihanna's low-slung board shorts. With the sweater tucked in like Boris from the Princess Dairies, wow, but still so cool. Trust the French girl (Marion Cotillard) to make (Dior) Bermuda shorts chic and office apropos.These board shorts are like fashion-y Marmite. I happen to like yeast byproducts, voluminous bottoms, and opportunities to wear drug rugs.Iggy Azalea's internal monologue while getting dressed: "Just going on a safari in my pink satin anorak and lace-up boots." But seriously—the lesson here, although not terribly well-executed, is go for one color head-to-toe if you're working with a tricky silhouette.Better example: this Hermès look that probably costs $345,874,537,495,437 and is made from rare alligators massaged with truffles.Here is Kendall Jenner driving an invisible bus carrying lone, unwilling passenger Kylie Jenner. Snaps for not propagating the denim diaper epidemic.Honestly, you don't even notice them with all the other stuff going on in this J.Crew ensemble. *light bulb*Shop similar: J.Crew, $45BUY IT: jcrew.com.Preschool jet-setter North West paired her Bermuda shorts with a warm-weather turtleneck, Docs, and two adults staring intently into the middle ground/anywhere that's not near a camera.But her Canadian tuxedo is :) (That officially makes eight times now that she's beat us at our own game.)You could pop that Dior embroidered waistcoat over anything and it'd look pretty good, but the idea here is that the hems all hit at the same place so the whole effect is highly polished. Even though you're wearing dad pants.Shiny fabric and heels = fashion Sriracha. (Because they make everything better, not that this Emilia Wickstead outfit needs it. And I realize that's the second food metaphor in this story.)Shop similar: Missguided, $15BUY IT: missguidedus.com.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Yeehaw.There are still a few more days to go yet—then three more weeks overseas—but ladies and gentlemen, we've got an early Fashion Week winner: cowboy boots, set to become the only shoe that matters. Ahead, 10 examples that might spur you into action (I'm laughing way too hard, sorry). From R13, we've got a nod to a particular subculture that wears Monster-branded trucker hats and plaid shirts not for the irony, but utility. (Even if in this instance, that plaid shirt has been tied into a skirt.) Shop similar: Durango, $119BUY IT: zappos.com.When the street style is already next-season. And at Calvin Klein, the cowboy boot's normalizing power. Here, with a rubbery dress, they bring Raf Simons' American horror story down to earth.Shop similar: Calvin Klein, $1,295BUY IT: barneys.com.Note the red shoe against the pink bag—big color combo for spring, you heard it here first. But that's not all! To show the versatility of the cowboy boot in non-close-to-its-intended usages, here they are topping (or bottoming, lol) off a series of looks from party-ready designer Cinq à Sept. See how they take down the fanciness of a marabou jacket? Clever.Shop similar: Marc Jacobs, $284BUY IT: stylebop.com.Especially into them with a gown, but if we're being honest, we're much more likely to copy the left-most look—where the boots replace sneakers in a slip dress/T-shirt pairing—for a more unexpected finish.Denim on denim, white on white—but broken up with a shoe that's not Adidas or a straightforward ankle boot. (Though those are still going strong.)Saloon madame who could shot you between the eyes at fifty paces with a sawed-off rifle in a great way. Most bloggers and fashion people who've worn versions of this puff-sleeve Regina Pyo dress have done so with ladylike heels, but not Jan Quammie. How cool is she? (Also, another mega color moment with Tamu McPherson's minty green.) Shop similar: Valentino, $695BUY IT: therealreal.com.And if it's got Veronika Heilbrunner's stamp of approval—being that she's sold us on Timberlands and legit running shoes with dresses—we're once again very here for this.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Yes, even especially when it's cold. The sweet, sweet days of summer may be fading fast, but that doesn't mean you have to pack up your dresses with your bikinis, jorts and crop tops. Instead, repurpose your fave warm-weather one-pieces into seasonally-appropriate looks with layered elements and bold accessories. René Daniella, the beauty behind the Instagram account @ownbyfemme shows us how she styles flirty frocks straight through to the holiday season. Read on for serious inspo and why she loves each of these dresses so much.Even the brightest floral print can transition into fall, especially if it has a few darker tones worked into the mix. "This dress has this unique pattern on it, so it's really eye catching," she says." It's multi-seasonal—you can wear it in the spring or the fall, and you can wear it to an indoor event or an outdoor event. It's very versatile."BUY IT: Levi's jacket, $148; macys.com. RACHEL Rachel Roy dress, $159; macys.com. Vince Camuto booties, $149; macys.comPerfect for a work-to-play kind of day, this pencil-dress-with-a-twist is great under a blazer or by itself. "I love that this really accentuates your figure without showing too much," Daniella says. "There's never a wrong time for a little black dress."BUY IT: RACHEL Rachel Roy dress, $169; macys.com. Calvin Klein pumps, $109; macys.comA little French-inspired lace is never a bad idea. A pussybow makes it chic and a short length keeps things fun. "This is a very playful dress," she says. "Definitely ready for parties...or whatever!"BUY IT: Julia Jordan dress, $108; macys.com. ALDO oxfords (similar), $70; macys.com. INC International Concepts earrings, $30; macys.comNewsflash: OTK boots are the new cool-kid version of stockings when the weather turns frigid. "I love these boots, especially with the feminine dress!" Daniella says. "They're a great option when you don't feel like wearing tights. There's a certain length the over-the-knee can go that's really flattering, and they let you wear a shorter dress when it's cold. Plus, this gorgeous red color looks stunning with the black."BUY IT: GUESS Dress, $138; macys.com. Vince Camuto bootes, $139; macys.com. Urban Outfitters earrings, $20; urbanoutfitters.com. & Other Stories bag, $125; stories.comSweater dresses are a great alternative to your typical jeans-and-cashmere ensemble, and can be paired with a fun outer layer. "This is my absolute favorite jacket in the entire world!" she says. "I love the patches, I love the overall design, I love the color—it really is perfect for fall."BUY IT: Bar III dress, $90; macys.com. William Rast jacket, $170; macys.com; UGG sneakers, $130; macys.com. Urban Outfitters bag, $39; urbanoutfitters.comStyled by Savannah White; Hair by Cash Lawless; Makeup by Katie Jane Hughes		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			No fashion show gets in the way of sisterly love.Not even an It model like Gigi Hadid can escape a wardrobe malfunction during fashion week. While walking the Anna Sui show Monday night at NYFW, the 22-year-old hit the runway in a bohemian-chic ensemble—complete with a feathered shawl, sequined dress, necklace, and sheer socks—but one of her shoes was missing.Nevertheless, the model strutted on, unfazed. Hadid's platform sandals didn't look easy to walk in with only half of the pair, but she carried on like a professional, while tiptoeing on her right foot to keep her balance.Gigi Hadid lost a shoe and I barely noticed #Professional @annasui pic.twitter.com/qEBeId2KUADuring the final walk, however, her little sister stepped in. Bella (literally) supported her big sis to keep her from falling, and they closed the show together. No fashion show can get in the way of this strong sister bond.This is what sibling ❤️ looks like. @YolandaHFoster did a killer job with @GiGiHadid and @bellahadid!! pic.twitter.com/94dtvVXmnDWe don't know what exactly happened to Gigi's other shoe, but it doesn't matter. Honestly, she didn't even need it.Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.From: Harper's BAZAAR US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Prepare to fall in love with the finale gown. Inspired by the late Oscar de la Renta's love of art galleries, Laura Kim and Fernando Garcia's Spring 2018 collection for the fashion house was full of color, volume, and most importantly, dreamy gowns. From feminine tulle to colorful sequin logos, the brand's spring gowns made quite the impact while entering and exiting the runway via escalator. Scroll down to see all the breathtaking gowns featured in the collection in photos and in motion on Instagram.From: Harper's BAZAAR US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			That damn bird can't be better dressed than you.Soporific turkey chemicals are no joke, but neither is the all-too-easy copout of an elastic waistband. Resistance is usually futile. To aid in the effort against Thanksgiving becoming a day sloppy in both food and fashion choices, 10 outfit ideas that account for a family-size helping of stuffing ahead. This, instead of pants, may be one of your best choices, mainly because you still get the expandability of an elastic waistband but the elegance of not-sweatpants when it's covered by a jumper. (Though this might persuade you to use button-fly as a deterrent against overeating.) Shop similar: H&M, $40BUY IT: hm.com.For added camouflage, you could lengthen your top to past the hips. The more fabric for ruching over the evidence of a meal well enjoyed. Shop similar: ASOS, $32BUY IT: asos.com.And for maximum pie-baby-obscuring ability, just go big and loose. Important notes: same color family, top and bottom, for a more streamlined effect, and sleeves pushed up a) as a visual reminder you still have bones and b) for preventing things that aren't poultry from being dragged through the gravy.Shop similar: Aritzia, $165BUY IT: us.aritzia.com.Bold move wearing a belt on Thanksgiving, but maybe you've got a Marie Claire cover shoot the day after, I don't know. Whatever your plans, there's no denying the turtleneck-and-leather-jacket thing is très cool and slimming. (In a different color, the topper narrows the middle.) You wore going to wear this anyway, but swap out the slippers for slingbacks (a fair-ish trade in comfort, really). Shop similar: Chanel, $745BUY IT: therealreal.com.As we said about colors a few slides back, the same one worn all the way down the length of your body = taller + did not just pass out face-first into the cranberry sauce. But, like, even if you did, an olive-only ensemble would still look swell. Hard to make your tights-covered legs look bad in a mini. And actually not a bad one if you're arriving straight from travel. Over pants, like you're cosplaying your favorite aunt who makes ceramics and still isn't over Bernie. (Kind of flattering but a little weird if she's there in the same outfit, LOL.)If your plan is to ball out, here's a poncho, which seems to be coming back ever so slowly. Not the sexiest, but what do we care when there is STUFFING?I know I said no sweats, but these aren't sweats—they're cool sweats. H&M sweatshirt, $50; H&M pants, $55BUY IT: hm.com; hm.com.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			We promise you'll look *100*.Feeling that whole "a closet full of nothing to wear" this season? Ugh, we've been there. Thankfully, our fave Instagram fashionista René Daniella (@ownbyfemme) is here to show how to layer and style pieces in ways you've never seen before. Seriously, this is all the inspo you need to mix things up and look incredible this fall. So go on, get to styling! Watch the video above for more (plus, there's a puppy).BUY IT: Eberjey pajamas, $102; eberjey.comBUY IT: Bar III dress, $90, macys.com. Levi's skirt, $18 (similar); levi.com. William Rast jacket, $170; macys.com. Aldo oxfords, $70; macys.com. BUY IT: Levi's skirt, $18 (similar); macys.com. American Rag jacket, $60; macys.com. Aldo mules, $60; macys.com. & Other Stories scarf, $39; stories.com. Bangles, model's own.BUY IT: 1. State Pants, $109; macys.com. Bar III top, $70; macys.com. Banana Republic slides, $74; bananarepublic.com. & Other Stories sunglasses, $39; stories.com. 1. State jacket, $149; macys.comStyled by Savannah White; Hair by Cash Lawless; Makeup by Katie Jane Hughes		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Two shows for the price of one.After the show is the after-show, otherwise known as the mini traffic jam that happens when street-style photographers descend on the departing guests to snap the best outfits. (There's a pre-show too, whew.) Here, see Tyler Joe's daily upload of the coolest ensembles.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She brought Kanye West's "Fade" video to the runway.Teyana Taylor might be best known for starring in the music video for Kanye West's "Fade," but the singer and model has caused quite a stir at New York Fashion Week. Her runway walk for streetwear brand GCDS was totally fierce, and showcased just how multi-faceted she is. But her performance at Philipp Plein was like nothing else so far.Taking to the stage while Future performed, Taylor proved that she's an incredible dancer, and she posted a video of her performance on Instagram:In response to apparent criticism she'd received for walking in Fashion Week, Taylor wrote: "When the haters tried to say I was too extra yesterday.....🤔 I turned around and CLOSED ANOTHER RUNWAY SHOW even more EXTRA!!" Taylor's performance was a total show-stopper, and unsurprisingly, had the full attention of the audience:Unforgettable.Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.From: Harper's BAZAAR US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Slay, Selena!Straight off of her New York Fashion Week date night with The Weeknd on Friday, Selena Gomez made her second stunning fashion week party appearance yesterday at the Business of Fashion's #BoF500 party. And she went dressed in the Old Hollywood bombshell version of a naked dress by Rodarte:With her mauve lip and deep side-parted bob, Gomez looked every bit the part of classic screen siren: @selenagomez from tonight for #BOF500 Gala. 👗 @kateyoung 💅🏻 @tombachik 💇 @officialdanilohair 💄 @hungvanngoA post shared by  Hung Vanngo (@hungvanngo) on Sep 9, 2017 at 7:25pm PDTUnfortunately, her boyfriend The Weeknd wasn't there to take it in as her date—but only for work-related reasons. He's back on tour and played his Sept. 9 show in Toronto last night. (Drake was there.)Drake at @theweeknd's show tonight in Toronto. via @MustafaThePoet IG story. pic.twitter.com/jfqXWldLA6@theweeknd Always XO Awesome Night!!😎🖖 #StarBoyTour #XO #Toronto pic.twitter.com/1U4DwNqisQAt the party, Gomez was photographed chatting with Jared Leto and enjoying the dinner:Gomez was celebrating her BoF 500 cover, which she proudly showed on her Instagram story earlier that evening alongside her new puppy, Charlie. It was his Insta debut:Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.From: ELLE US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Every runway show needs Leslie Jones in the front row. For members of the fashion set, attending runway show after runway show during Fashion Week can sometimes become a little tiresome, mundane, and stuffy. But today, Leslie Jones dished out a master lesson in how to have the greatest time ever at New York Fashion Week. While attendees at fashion shows are traditionally silent (aside from a light applause after the finale), Jones lightened up the mood and had some fun in the front row at Christian Siriano's Spring 2018 show today. The SNL writer cheered, hollered, and clapped throughout the entire runway show, shouting "You work, girl!!!" and "YASSS" at the models. And it was glorious. This sums up our #spring2018 show! @cocorocha and @Lesdoggg being so fabulous. Sound up!!! Video: @MikeNouveau pic.twitter.com/syXNUC85ZfWhat's better, the clothes at Christian Siriano or watching Leslie Jones lose her mind over the clothes at Christian Siriano? pic.twitter.com/PAmioBoLqhThere were looks that took her breath away:And looks that made her scream:Have you ever seen anybody more excited about fashion? It was a friendly reminder during the often all-too-serious week: fashion is supposed to be fun. Starting a petition to have Leslie Jones in the front row of every fashion show, stat.Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.From: Harper's BAZAAR US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Forget leggings.Kim Kardashian, who has already worn the world's tiniest trench coat with no pants, and a slashed, ab-baring dress during New York Fashion Week, stepped out in another experimental—and relatively naked—look yesterday. This one involved wearing sheer tights as leggings:...because if there's any time to try it, it's now.Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.From: ELLE US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She's just one button away from being naked.Kim Kardashian's New York Fashion Week style so far has been experimental, and borderline naked. Not only has she worn sheer tights as pants, the reality star just wore a Vivienne Westwood trench coat as a dress. And there's just one tiny button holding the whole look together:As always, Kim manages to make the tiniest amount of clothing look super chic. Most of us wouldn't dare to leave the house in just a trench coat, but the app mogul has no fear, and makes the look work. Plus, the coat totally compliments her new silver blonde hair.Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.From: Harper's BAZAAR US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			(Without blowing your whole paycheck.)Let's face it: Getting dressed for work every morning isn't always the easiest—or most enjoyable—experience. But with a few key pairings, even the most bland office ensemble can go from meh to amazing. We've got 8 head-to-toe combos (from shoes to jewelry to handbags to everything else) that will make any outfit look way pricier than it actually is.Trade in your basic bag for a structured satchel in an unexpected merlot hue. When paired with a sleek bangle, the look is sophisticated and elegant—and surprisingly versatile, too.BUY IT: Michael Kors bangle, $95; macys.com. MICHAEL Michael Kors satchel, $268; macys.comEvery work wardrobe needs a great pump. This double-textured version, with its pointed toe and walkable heel, is as easy to wear as it is sleek. A silky blue scarf (in place of a necklace) lets your inner Parisian-style alter-ego shine. BUY IT: Vince Camuto bandana, $38; vincecamuto.com. Nine West pumps, $50; ninewest.comBold accessories are the key to making every outfit a knock-out—just be sure to choose pieces that won't compete with one another. The scale of a gold-tone bracelet with a pretty tassel complements the size of a large carryall perfectly.BUY IT: Michael Kors bracelet, $95; macys.com. MICHAEL Michael Kors satchel, $298; macys.comWhen it comes to jewelry, who says hands and ears should have all the fun? A tortoise shell ponytail holder is way chicer than a regular hair tie, and provides an easy way to add interest to your usual workday style. Embellished black flats offer a playful twist without going over the top.BUY IT: Banana Republic ponytail holder, $18; bananarepublic.com. Bianca Di flats, $84; yoox.comHectic mornings call for two things: a double dose of caffeine and a fool-proof ensemble that does not require much thinking. Sling a berry-colored bag over your shoulder and slip on a glimmering beaded bracelet to look put-together in no time.BUY IT: Michael Kors slider, $85; macys.com. MICHAEL Michael Kors satchel, $268; macys.comA gorgeous shoe can instantly improve your outfit (and your mood). This crisp, mid-heel sandal with a leg-flattering ankle strap goes with *everything*, from tailored trousers to a floral print shift. Add a gold necklace for just the right amount of shimmer.BUY IT: Michael Kors necklace, $115; macys.com. Michael Kors sandals, $99; macys.comFlashy jewelry at the office can be distracting, or worse, tacky. Luckily, pearls and hoops—some of this season's biggest trends—happen to be quite elegant, so why not go for earrings that combine both flawlessly? An everyday notebook gets elevated to haute accessory status thanks to leather binding and gold embossment.BUY IT: ONE SIX FIVE Jewelry earrings, $80; shopbop.com. Smythson notebook, $75; net-a-porter.comThere's nothing like a little color coordination to make you feel instantly polished. But wearing pieces that are too matchy-matchy can look overly prim. Split the difference by pairing clean-lines—like on this architectural cuff and sleek leather belt—and neutral tones.BUY IT: Vince Camuto cuff, $48; vincecamuto.com. Lauren Ralph Lauren belt, $38; macys.com		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Tell 'em, girl.Every passing premiere seems to bring out a new flock of PYTs, but never fear—Jane Fonda, Helen Mirren, and more are here to prove you don't have to be a spring chicken to absolutely slaughter the red carpet. Ahead, some of their most recent, jaw-dropping looks even if their industry still relegates women over 40 to playing moms, while their male cohorts' girlfriends stay the same age forever, hmm.Put Helen in her sunflower Dolce & Gabbana dress and Shonda Rhimes in her spaghetti one, and you've got a Tuscan picnic, basically. Also, that pose.Shop similar: Dolce & Gabbana, $1,497BUY IT: matchesfashion.com.You're never to old to twirl in a big, tulle princess dress. Big up to both Helen and designer Sassi Holford for this playful moment.Why does this look like the triumphant end to a biopic about a girl who was told she'd never amount to anything, but years later, you see her in Giorgio Armani at the Venice Film Festival? One of the perks of growing up is getting your own wind machine to sweep up your hair and Valentino gown. That's a fact. Who said you couldn't wear skirts above the knee after a certain age? Not Louis Vuitton, nor Julianne Moore, that's who.Valentino! Couture! Baby!Remember when J.Lo made Jane Fonda wear a ruffly matron of honor dress in Monster in Law? Classic. But in this Marchesa dream, that peach monstrosity is but a distant memory.Shop similar: Marchesa Notte, $1,195BUY IT: neimanmarcus.com.Another plus side of aging is knowing the silhouettes that work for you and your very impressive décolletage. Here, she's in bespoke Hugo Boss by Jason Wu.Hugo Boss, $195BUY IT: hugoboss.com.Dang, Michelle. DAAAAANG, MICHELLE. (In Michael Kors.) We picked a similar jumpsuit for the New Taylor™, but she would do well to just be the New Jane Fonda. (Hers is Alberta Ferretti, FYI.)  		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's about time you streamlined your closet.A closet makeover can be the most cathartic Saturday activity (an organized wardrobe = serious 😁 ). But how are you supposed to figure out what to keep and what to toss? Here's a good rule of thumb: Pick streamlined, chic pieces in neutral tones that will work overtime. We challenged Instagram style star René Daniella to make 10 outfits out of just 10 pieces of clothing to prove living with less is not only possible, it's fab. Toss in a few accessories, and you'll be surprised at how much you don't need. There's nothing more versatile than a slimming pencil dress—and when it comes in chic fall colors and in a comfy sweater material, you won't want to take it off. Pair it with a metallic jacket for an extra dose of eye-catching style.BUY IT: 1. State jacket, $149; macys.com. RACHEL Rachel Roy dress, $119; macys.com. Aldo shoes, $60; macys.comTo transform a dress seamlessly into a skirt, toss an oversized sweater on top. But don't stop there—a cute bag will pull it all together. "I love the little black backpack," says Daniella. "It's great for when you're on the go, but don't want to be overloaded with a big bag."BUY IT: RACHEL Rachel Roy dress, $119; macys.com. Tommy Hilfiger backpack, $158; macys.com. Vince Camuto booties, $149; macys.comUnique denim pieces are where it's at. "I love these overalls," she says. "They're super in right now. You can mix and match and they're very much a statement piece on their own." Reach for simple black mixed-media brogues for a hipster-cool vibe.BUY IT: Free People overalls, $128; macys.com. RACHEL Rachel Roy top, $89; macys.com. Tahari flats, $89; macys.com. Radley London satchel, $245; macys.com; RACHEL Rachel Roy earrings, $36; macys.com.The key to living with less? Don't be afraid to think out of the box. Grown-up accessories  like a Parisian-inspired neckerchief and faux fur mules ("They can dress up anything!" says Daniella) make overalls feel totally adult.BUY IT: Free People overalls, $128; macys.com. 1. State blouse, $89; macys.com. Radley London satchel, $245; macys.com. INC International Concepts Bandana (similar), $19; macys.com. Aldo mules, $60; macys.com. Literally. Pull on a chunky crewneck over those beloved overalls to make them—you guessed it—just regular jeans. A pair of black booties becomes a little more fun with a sexy peep toe.BUY IT:  Vince sweater (similar), $385; vince.com. Free People overalls, $128; macys.com. Calvin Klein satchel (similar), $228; macys.com. Vince Camuto booties, $149; macys.com. RACHEL Rachel Roy necklace, $42; macys.comWith so many ultra-beautiful bras out there, it's hard to imagine they're all meant to stay covered up, right? Wear a colorful lace bralette as you would a crop top. You'll feel instantly more feminine.BUY IT: 1. State jacket, $149; macys.com. Free People overalls, $128; macys.com. DKNY bralette, $34; macys.com. Vince Camuto booties, $149; macys.com. RACHEL Rachel Roy necklace, $42; macys.com. INC International Concepts earrings, $27; macys.comFun silhouettes are all the rage this season, which makes elegant tops that much more interesting. "I love this striped cropped top, because it's fun and universally flattering. I'm particularly into the loose, flowy sleeves and the wrap style and v-neck," she says. BUY IT: RACHEL Rachel Roy top, $89; macys.com. Bar III pants, $70; macys.com. Vince Camuto booties, $149; macys.com. Zara earrings, $16; zara.comTo pull off the track pants trend, treat them like normal slacks—comfy, but not overly casual. Says Daniella: "These black pants are great; it's like one step above athleisure." A shimmery topper will dial up the glam. BUY IT: 1. State jacket, $149; macys.com. Bar III pants, $70; macys.com.  Vince sweater (similar), $385; vince.com. Tahari flats, $89; macys.com. INC International Concepts earrings, $30; macys.com.Surprise! Green is the new neutral. It's surprisingly stylish paired with black, and also works with colorful accessories like an of-the-moment bucket bag.BUY IT: Bar III pants, $70; macys.com. 1. State blouse, $89; macys.com. Aldo mules, $60; macys.com. Urban Outfitters bag, $39; urbanoutfitters.com. Zara earrings, $16; zara.comWhen paring back your closet, keep pieces that can be worn on their own AND underneath other items. The secret? Make sure blouses are slim enough to lie smoothly under a dress, so you don't look bulky. BUY IT: RACHEL Rachel Roy dress, $119; macys.com. 1. State blouse, $89; macys.com. INC International Concepts fanny pack, $45; macys.com. Tahari flats, $89; macys.comStyled by Savannah White; Hair by Cash Lawless; Makeup by Katie Jane Hughes		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Or maybe her choices show she just doesn't care to change.If you repeat an action expecting a different result, that's insanity, as the saying goes. So what is it if you do the same thing over and over when, after the first time, you were told it was dead wrong? Over the weekend, as Melania Trump left the White House for a second visit to victims of Hurricane Harvey, she donned a khaki Ralph Lauren Collection shirtdress she'd brought out once before on a trip to Saudi Arabia. This time, she swapped a leather belt for the original fabric one and added a pair of snakeskin Manolo Blahnik stilettos. Business as usual, save one detail: Earlier that same week, as the first lady departed for the Gulf Coast, her shoe choice—another pair of Manolo Blahniks—drew Twitter fire for their incongruity with her mission there.Yes, she switched to jeans and sneakers (Stan Smiths and Chucks, respectively) before touching down both times, but there's more here than a small band of malcontents angry she didn't board Air Force One in hip waders. No—together, these two incidents underscore a widespread denial of reality and refusal to change that's become a hallmark of this administration."Trump is the kind of woman who refuses to pretend that her feet will, at any point, ever be immersed in cold, muddy, bacteria-infested Texas water," the Washington Post wrote. And it's that outright rejection of the show—the veneer of realness we assume our celebrities will sometimes put on—that's so troubling. With Trump's predecessor and her marigold J.Crew cardigan, we got the sense that she was relatable—she could've picked it up at the mall, even if the very next night she stepped out in Jason Wu or Atelier Versace; with Trump's parade of $51,500 Gucci jackets and $3,000 Céline bags, we're left thinking that it must be nice to be able afford it, given the long list of designers who've refused to dress her.That is the game of wearing clothes as a famous person, particularly one from the political sphere: to satisfy the public's not-outrageous hope that, even if we don't really expect our leaders to raft around scooping up stranded senior citizens, they should at least look like they could. Melania failed spectacularly on that count, but perhaps even more fatally, she failed to deliver in a moment that called for humanity.The first pair of heels could've been written off as poor taste, perhaps barely saved by a social-media-savvy staffer refreshing Twitter in-flight...if you're optimistic. But the same two-part tragicomedy performed again only a few days later, with more spindly Manolos replaced by another obvious, impersonal dad cap ("Texas" for "FLOTUS")? We can only call that willful ignorance. Because to miss out on a slam-dunk chance at redemption like that—when the act of appeasement would be as easy as not changing on a plane—you'd have to have done it on purpose. You'd have to have pretended not to hear the feedback.But even more fatally, Melania Trump failed to deliver in a moment that called for humanity.But we know that this is a White House that operates in its own self-contained bubble—and that same White House previously pooh-poohed the public's interest in the Manolo Mishap as "sad." But that too is an ostrich-buried-in-the-sand move. They know that shoes matter, especially when they're on the first lady's feet. They know that this won't do anything to help her robotic, stilted image, like a video-game avatar that won't stop buffering. So back to we go again to that old refrain, the one we've grown hoarse shouting for eight months now: Pay attention, listen up, and pick up the pace. Because when you're elected by the people, maybe you ought to think a bit more carefully about dressing for them. Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She raps now, guys.Why? Because the old Taylor is apparently dead and so, we imagine, is her wardrobe. As Taylor 2.0—who Googles herself, does choreography, and holds a grudge like no other—plots her resurrection, we're throwing in our two cents in the form of 10 gutsy, gorgeous runway looks that'd suit Her LWYMMD-ness just fine. Given her furry "Rep" sweatshirt from the video, New Taylor doesn't seem to care about PETA launching tofu pies at her. She doesn't care about anything now! So bring on Fendi's rich-girl coat, finished off with a pompom in one of the 16 hair looks she's got at her disposal. Another takeaway from the "LWYMMD" visuals: Taylor 2.0 is sexy! She can also dance sexy! No guarantees on how low one could conceivably drop it in such an abbreviated mini, but with those embellished ruffles, everybody will be watching her arm movements as she busts out some sick rhymes instead. Though what are wardrobe malfunctions to New Taylor? LESS THAN NOTHING.SEXY!New Taylor is STREET (especially when her fans call her TSwizzle). To fit that new, edgy brand, here's a jumpsuit with large leg holes and pockets with zippers on them. Real cargo pants would be too much of a departure—Old Taylor might be dead, but we wouldn't want to dance on her grave, would we?Someone's been watching Game of Thrones. (See: snake throne.) I don't think we've ever been exposed to this much of any Taylor's sternum before, but under new management, anything is possible—plus voluminous sleeves make it all the easier to...swish, swish.Gucci isn't just for making cutting commentary on your previous choice to abstain from streaming services—it's for all occasions! Though she's had a taste of the disco-glam side of Alessandro Michele's aesthetic, NT might further dabble in the madcap, Royal Tenanbaums-go-to-Coachella dimension of it. Will New Taylor free the nipple? Can't say, but this would be the way to do it.She hasn't worn the Kimye-favorite brand before, so this would be a bit of a coup. But mask or no deal, okay?  Possible squad defector Cara Delevingne wore this on her Valerian promo tour, but what better way to really drive the "you're no longer welcome at my July 4 parties" point home than by wearing the same thing? The whole playground goes "Ooooooh."But why waste time leaving more axed squad members' names off her Junior Jewels T-shirt when this one comes with a washable marker? Efficient. Deadly. New Taylor™. Monogram, $65BUY IT: monogramstudio.com.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Luxury conglomerates LVMH and Kering have drawn up a charter to ensure better treatment of models.Gucci, Celine, Louis Vuitton, and Dior are among brands who have pledged to abandon size-zero models. The promise forms part of a new charter created by luxury conglomerates LVMH and Kering, who own numerous luxury fashion houses.Female models will have to be a minimum French size 34 (a U.S. size 2) and a French 44 for men (extra small). Both companies have also agreed not use men or women under the age of 16 to model adult clothes.In addition, the charter pledged to make a dedicated psychologist or therapist available during working time. The BBC reports that models will also have to present a valid medical certificate to prove that they are fit for work."We have the responsibility of building new standards for fashion and we hope to be followed by other players in our sector," said Antoine Arnault, an LVMH director.The ill treatment of fashion models has become a big issue industry issue. In March, Balenciaga sacked two casting directors after they reportedly left 150 models waiting for hours in a dark stairwell while the they went to lunch. Their actions were described as "sadistic" and "cruel" by casting director James Scully, who first divulged the claims.Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.From: Harper's BAZAAR UK		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			*"Let's Get It Started" plays.*Some brows might be furrowed over designers like Proenza Schouler decamping for Paris and the mood that New York Fashion Week is, somehow, in need of a good "1,2,3, clear" to raise it from the dead, but cheer up, baby—we don't need that defibrillator yet. Here, five reasons to get hype this season.When you're tired of Tom Ford, you're tired of everything. The same might not ring true for the man himself and the traditional fashion calendar just yet, so he's back with a more aptly named perfume than ever that also served as an invitation.While he has hinted that the theme might be '90s, it's not like Tom Ford to do over/make better what's already in the mainstream. But whatever high-glam era he chooses, you know it'll be—say it with me—f*cking fabulous.Remember that yellow coat I like to call The Julia (after Nobis), plastic-wrapped like your granny's couch, even though it's like, "Why do you have to make this so hard to sit on, Sharon?" How could you forget? (Here it is again if you really can't remember, though it has already graced like 57 magazine covers.)  Find your light: Fall’s elevated new eyewear styles from CALVIN KLEIN 205W39NYC. ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ Billboard artwork: Andy Warhol, Elvis 11 Times (Studio Type), 1963 © The Andy Warhol Foundation / ARS, photographed at The Andy Warhol Museum, Pittsburgh ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ CALVIN KLEIN 205W39NYC Fall 2017: photographed May 2017, Mojave Desert, CaliforniaA post shared by  CALVIN KLEIN (@calvinklein) on Aug 7, 2017 at 6:59am PDTThere's still a lot of excitement surrounding his debut at Calvin Klein, but don't expect him to just coast for the second. SO AMPED.Right after Calvin, Kith will show its first collection with Emily Oberg as creative lead. What'll will skater-y, cooler-than-thou womenswear look like? What'll the presentation itself look like, besides hypebeasts swarming, sneakers cleaned with toothbrushes like they're dinosaur bones, and a suspicious amount of beanies in 70-degree weather? I'm imagining a streetwear extravaganza where sweatshirt-clad models pop and ollie amongst free-flowing ice cream with Froot Loops mixed in. The promised land.Let us not dwell on #Curtaingate when there are ruffles and pinstripes and wealthy-lady dresses to consider instead. For Laura Kim and Fernando Garcia's own label Monse and Oscar de la Renta, for which they're co-creative directors, it'll be twice the work but twice the excitement. Creative Directors, Laura Kim and Fernando Garcia embroidering the mimosa stems on our black velvet gown. #Fall17 #oscardelarentaA post shared by  Oscar de la Renta (@oscardelarenta) on Aug 22, 2017 at 5:46pm PDTAlso known as some more things I would like to name but not in their own separate categories, because they're pretty self-explanatory: Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			These boots were made for walkin'...wherever the day takes you.Think boots are NSFW? Reality check: They could be the missing ingredient to a pulled-together office outfit. Whether they're daring over-the-knee stunners, fun ankle booties or comfy ones for your commute, there's a boot for everyone. (And every work-related situation.) No matter what you do, here are five looks that will take you from 9 to 5 in *prime* style.Don't let your nerves stop you from looking 💯. Black suede conveys confidence and we promise, these knee-highs will become an eternally stylish staple in your wardrobe. Pair with a modest midi skirt and button-down blouse to keep your look ~classy~ enough for your manager. A killer boss-lady bag (that fits your laptop, duh) is a must! Nine West boots, $140, nordstrom.com; Equipment shirt, $214, equipment.com; Frame skirt, $395, nordstrom.com; Coach bag, $750, nordstrom.comMake a strong impression to seal the deal. Take a cue from the Saint Laurent, Fendi, and Erdem runways and get funky with our favorite fall boot trend – patterns. Add a bold, conversation-starting bootie to your lewk and finish it off with a bag in THE color of the season: power red. Sam Edelman boots, $160, nordstrom.com; Elizabeth and James dress, $445, nordstrom.com; Rag & Bone bag, $395, rag-bone.com; Elizabeth and James earrings, $175, nordstrom.comDress up your favorite denim with sleek over-the-knee boots and a streamlined blazer. This combo will easily become your favorite comfy yet sophisticated pairing. When you're off duty, just ditch the all-business topper. Stuart Weitzman boots, $798, nordstrom.com; Paige jeans, $189, nordstrom.com; Vince sweater, $320,nordstrom.com; The Kooples blazer, $495, thekooples.com; Halogen earrings, $35, nordstrom.com. For days when it's basically a monsoon outside, non-clunky rain boots will totally save you (and your look). Wear them with a shift dress, tights, and a just-edgy-enough backpack for a vibe that's fun but still says, 'I'm a professional.' Hunter boots, $195, nordstrom.com; Theory dress, $315, nordstrom.com; 3.1 Phillip Lim bag, $550, 31philliplim.com; So Fine tights, $9, nordstrom.comIt's ALL about white on your feet this season, and these retro-inspired Steve Madden block-heeled babies are eye-catching but not wallet-busting. Pair 'em with flared leather pants and and head-turning shopper for a look that'll take you from office to date night in a snap. Steve Madden boots, $130, nordstrom.com; ALC pants, $995, alcltd.com; 3.1 Phillip Lim sweater, $395, nordstrom.com; Elizabeth and James bag, $495,nordstrom.com		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Tell your wallet we said, "You're welcome."It's that time of year again! Labor Day sales are almost in full force, which means you're about to get bombarded with an overwhelming amount of emails, commercials, and advertisements. To make it easier on you, we've done the work of picking out the very best home, beauty, and fashion sales that are actually worth shopping, and we put them all in one place. We'll continue to update this post as more sales crop up, so don't forget to bookmark it.Get your first set of lingerie for $19.95, buy one get one 50% off select items, and up to 40% off additional select items.Take 30% off the sale section, including home decor. No promo code needed. Get 40% off everything! No promo code needed. Take an additional 20% off sale for savings of up to 80% off. Take up to 75% off select styles through Labor Day, no promo code needed. Take 30% off at our favorite celeb-owned business (hi, Reese Witherspoon!). Save on Southern-charm apparel, home, and accessories through September 5.Save 15% off any order of custom picture frames with code LDW2017 through September 4.Shop Furla's luxury bags this weekend and take 20% off your purchase of $300+, 25% off $400+, and 30% off $500+.Everything at GAP Factory is 50% off or more until September 5 with no promo code needed. At regular GAP, you can take up to 50% off everything, plus an additional 20% off your total purchase using code GETMORE. Take 20% off your purchase of $100, or 30% off any orders over $200, plus get free shipping with code 8413 through September 4.Get 30% off your entire purchase with code YESPLEASE. Valid until September 4.Related: 9+ Promo Codes & Sale Coupons at J.Crew to Help You Save $Take 30% off select denim styles using code LD30 through September 5.Save up to 75% on furniture, rugs, home decor, and more at Joss & Main during their Labor Day sale.Enjoy an extra 30% off sale styles at Kate Spade until September 5 using code GOLDEN.Right now, you can shop LOFT's sale section at 50% off, plus 30% off full-priced styles. No promo code needed!Get 20% off regular-priced and sale items, plus 25% off clearance and select styles. Plus, their denim sale includes a BOGO 50% off for almost all denim, including premium brands. Use promo code LABORDAY until September 5. From now until September 5, you can shop the following Lulu & Georgia tiered deals: Get 10% off orders over $300 with code GOOD, 15% off orders over $550 with code BETTER, and 20% off orders over $800 with code BEST. If you really wanna get crazy, take 25% off orders over $1,500 with code BANANAS.Get up to 20% off everything from home to apparel, plus free shipping when you spend $49 or more at Macy's using code LBDAY. Use the same promo code to save up to 70% on clearance. Get an extra 20% off Maje's already-reduced summer collection, and save up to 70% in total, plus get free shipping on all orders. No promo code needed.Get 50% off site-wide (excluding sale) using code AMERICANGIRL.Buy more, save more on everything regular price and sale by taking 20% off any order under $100, 25% off any order of $100+, or 30% off your purchase of $200+.Take up to 40% off everything, from designer clothes and shoes to luxury home items, through September 10.All tees, dresses, and jeans are 50% off. Select tops and pants start at just $12 during the Labor Day promo, and deals on other styles (like activewear) will continue to be announced through the weekend.Shop One Kings Lane's gorgeous selections of furniture, bed and bath, and tabletop and kitchen categories at an extra 20% off. No promo code needed, prices as marked.Designer clothes at a major discount? Yes, please! Take an extra 40% off the sale section at Rebecca Taylor using promo code SUNSET.In need of some new makeup brushes? Take 20% off Sigma purchases of $50 or more with code LABOR20, 25% off of orders or $100 or more with code LABOR25, or 30% off over $200 with code LABOR30. Take 25% off select eyewear styles, including designer brands, through September 6.Save up to 60% off select summery espadrilles and other stylish picks through September 4.Take 15% off our favorite lingerie, bras, and underwear when you spend $125 with code HAPPYBOOBS15, 20% off your purchase of $150 with code HAPPYBOOBS20, and 25% off when you spend $175 with code HAPPYBOOBS25 through September 4.Take an additional 25% off sale items through September 4.Save up to 30% sale items with code SUMMER30 through September 4.Get up to 70% off all things home from Wayfair during their end-of-season Labor Day blowout sale.Buy more, save more at West Elm with 15% off your purchase of $100 or more, 20% off $500, 25% off $1,000, and 30% off $3,000 or more. This deal includes markdowns!Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.From: BestProducts		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The balloon sleeves on her jacket are incredible.Beyoncé has looked amazing in every appearance she's made since the twins were born, and this weekend was no exception. Turning up at the Made in America Festival to watch husband Jay Z, and sister Solange perform, Beyoncé donned a head to toe Gucci look. Photos of the "Lemonade" singer quickly made it on to social media, highlighting Beyoncé's incredible outfit choice.Beyoncé's look is actually from the Gucci Cruise 2018, "New Renaissance" line:And not just that: this particular Gucci jacket is inspired by Dapper Dan, who The New York Times report, "magnified luxury brands' logomania to larger-than-life proportions, essentially elevated the knockoff to an art unto itself: fashion as sampling."The New York Times also reported, the "fur-lined piece with balloon sleeves created by Mr. Day in the 1980s made use of the Louis Vuitton logo without the brand's permission." Day was sued at the time for using labels' designs without their permission, but now Gucci has turned to his boutique for inspiration, replicating the balloon sleeves almost identically.To complete the outfit, Beyoncé is wearing Gucci's Metallic Leather Kingsnake pumps. Sheer Perfection.Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The MVPs of denim. The thing about great jeans is that once you find the right fit (the ones that don't need tailoring and fit like a damn glove), it's hard to quit. Here, 12 Marie Claire editors and contributors weigh in on the best jeans they've ever worn, from life-long favorites to recent flings. Bonus? Many of the styles listed are affordable guilty pleasures, which just shows that it doesn't take designer denim to feel comfortable and chic. "I only have eyes for two kinds of jeans: the baggiest of boyfriends and skinnies so tight they could function as a tourniquet. Anything in between does nothing for my hourglass figure, and I've ripped the belt loops off of many pairs to yank slouchy, stretched-out waistbands back up over my hips. Unpopular opinion? Broken-in denim sucks. Since college, I've worshipped at the altar of Rag & Bone: their offerings compress my thighs and lift my ass, never lose their shape, and hit the optimal length for my long legs (that cropped business makes me look like an overgrown Keebler elf)."RAG & BONE High Rise Skinny, $198BUY IT: rag-bone.com."I love denim more than it loves me. But for all my struggles being short-torso-ed and relatively long-inseamed in a world that doesn't always carry odd-number waist sizes, I've still found some brands that are always there for me. AYR makes a cropped style with a subtle kick flare (nothing similar available right now, unfortunately) that's super soft and stretchy, while Topshop's mom jeans are exactly the sort of long-crotched, man-repelling denim go for. And because they're classic and carve out a thigh gap like no other, J. Brand. Forever."MOTO Mid Blue Mom Jeans, $70BUY IT: topshop.com."I love a cropped leg  (it's so Parisian chic!) and this MOTHER cropped style feels effortless. The leg opening is just big enough so that it doesn't hug my athletic calves too tightly, and the high-waisted top coupled with the kick flare bottom is super slimming. AND—no tailoring required. If they're too long, just pull out the scissors. It's how I did mine!"MOTHER Denim Hustler Ankle Fray, $215BUY IT: motherdenim.com."The first time I 'borrowed' a pair men's Levi's, I was 17 and they were my brother's gloriously broken-in, stonewashed 501s. I wore them all summer. To this day, a good pair of 501s reminds me of late nights around a campfire. I just like the way men's jeans feel: The material is thicker and more durable with less constricting cuts and lines. Plus, I like the contrast between the tomboy-ish look and my curvy-ish frame. A decade later I'm still 'borrowing' (or occasionally buying vintage) men's Levi's. Right now I'm wearing 511 Slim Fit in Bebop. They sit super low on my hips and look great with a bodysuit and fun, playful stilettos."Levis 511 Slim Fit Jeans, $70BUY IT: levis.com."I've lived in Gap jeans since my awkward teens in every style under the sun. For some reason, their petites are the only jeans that fit my short, hippy frame well. However, I was recently turned onto L'Agence jeans, and they are the best dark skinny jeans any all-black New Yorker could want. They fit snug in the leg (so no slim fit action when you really need skinny), and they have never faded ever, no matter how many laundry cycles they endure. The regular length is sliiightly too long, so I've had to alter them, but it's small change for the perfect skinny jeans. Special shoutout to 3x1's exceptionally flattering high-waisted denim, too."L'Agence Chantal Skinny Jeans, $225BUY IT: barneys.com."The only jeans I can function in are by Anne Taylor Loft (yes, feel free to judge me)—more specifically, their mid-rise skinny jeans. I am very tall at 5' 11", and finding jeans that fit is the actual worst. But there's something about Anne Taylor jeans that make me look shorter without actually shortening my legs. I don't know what their deal is, but I can only assume they're magical. The jeans are insanely flattering on the butt, hit just above the hip bone, and fully hide any muffin top emergencies. Plus, they are always on sale. I don't know why Anne Taylor isn't promoting the hell out of these, so I guess I'll do it for them. This has been a PSA."Ann Taylor Loft Modern Skinny Jeans, $80BUY IT: loft.com."I LOVE jeans. I'm a big Citizens of Humanity girl for anything—they pretty much nail every style, aren't too long (I'm 5'2"!), and aren't *too* pricey. (Plus they make your butt look great.) I'm also in love with Mother's crop fray jeans. They're perfectly distressed at the bottom, are great for any height (especially us shorties), and they get bonus points for being a favorite among Hollywood right now. Lastly, for the budget buyer in me who hates spending mad money on anything, I buy Forever 21 jeans all. the. time. I'm currently in love with the high-rise black jeans which go for a whopping $10 and fit great."Forever 21 High Rise Skinny Jeans, $10BUY IT: forever21.com. "My favorite pair of jeans come from Urban Outfitters—the BDG jeans in a high rise, slim fit. Everything about these jeans is flattering. I love the high-rise cut of the pant (they make my legs look extra long), but also the denim is thin so the waist doesn't feel bulky. It sort of sucks you in, which I always think is requisite of a good pair of jeans, and makes me look like I have a booty, which I don't really have." Similar style: BDG Twig High-Rise Skinny Jeans, $58BUY IT: urbanoutfitters.com. "When it comes to pants, I have somewhat…problematic (read: larger) thighs. So I've always struggled in the denim department. Generally, I look for a stretchy jean in a dark wash. When I first moved to New York, I had a part time job at Gap while interning and fell in love with their jeans. The True Skinny is basically the Legging jean but better, with a higher rise that looks great from the back and a skinny fit through the ankle. I have far too many pairs, mostly in black."GAP Stretch 1969 True Skinny Jeans, $42BUY IT: gap.com."I'm a West Coast girl still a little stuck in my Abercrombie & Fitch days when it comes to denim. The more beat up and slouchy— the better! My go-to's are my Citizens of Humanity distressed boyfriend jeans. The pockets sit lower than most jeans, which I feel is flattering for girls with any sort of booty. Seriously, there's nothing I hate more in jeans than teeny-tiny pockets that are too high up. Also, I love a skinny jean but there's something equally sexy and cool about jeans that aren't too constricting."Citizens of Humanity Emerson Slim Fit Boyfriend, $248BUY IT: citizensofhumanity.com."For most of my life I was that girl that NEVER wore jeans. Then I happened upon a $10 pair of high-waisted BDG flares on an Urban Outfitters sale rack and nothing was the same. They fit me like a glove and I felt like a new, foxier version of myself. I actually searched several locations to buy up as many pairs as possible. I think I have like five pairs of them. They ended up being the gateway to a full-blown, '70s-inspired denim addiction and I'm not mad about it. They also came into my life at a time where I was fully embracing my hourglass figure, which is not something I'd always done. They cinched my waist and made my sizable butt look more pert."BDG Morrison High Rise Flare, $64BUY IT: urbanoutfitters.com. "I currently own four pairs of Madewell Alley Straight jeans in addition to two pairs of white Skinny Skinny jeans. So yeah, you could say that when I find something I like, I buy it in bulk!  I generally like a slim cut jean that sort of kicks out above the ankle (balances the hips), but at 5'10" tall, a lot of "cropped" styles look like they shrank in the wash. So I wear "regular" length jeans when I'm looking for something cropped. The Skinny Skinny's have a 29" inseam which is a perfect cropped length for me—but they also come in 'Tall' and 'Taller,' which I appreciate for when I want a slightly longer cut." Madewell Skinny Skinny Jeans, $125BUY IT: madewell.com. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			TFW the weird brooch your aunt gave you turns out to be worth $100k. As an unabashed fan of PBS's Antiques Roadshow, I am here to tell you, my fellow millennials, two things: A) Watching this show is the only way to get through 2017 in one piece, and B) It's featured some of the most stunning jewelry your eyes will ever behold. Which makes sense—Antiques Roadshow showcases long-forgotten gems that wouldn't otherwise see the public eye. Here's the best of the best. (By which we mean the most $$$ of the $$$.)Appraised: 2006Value: $75,000 to $100,000, auction.About: Circa 1930, this canary yellow diamond ring was passed down through the owner's family—and is absolutely massive for a yellow Asscher-cut diamond. To quote the appraiser: "It's very hard to get that combination. I've had only one small one in 26 years in the business. So that tells you it's rare." Even cooler, the $75-$100k value was considered "very conservative" back in 2006, so in today's market this thing is likely through the roof.Appraised: 2007Value: $165,000 to $175,000, retail.About: This Asscher-cut ring is even more valuable than the one preceding it. For starters, it's a little older—hailing from 1915. The piece comes care of the owner's grandfather's jewelry store, weighs approximately five carats, and is described as a "very, very clean stone." And yes, the appraiser completely nerded out, saying: "That's quite a ring you've got there. I mean, we don't see rings like that."Appraised: 2008Value: $70,000 to $90,000, auction.About: This lovely family heirloom is a gorgeous example of Art Deco jewelry, and was made somewhere in the 1920s-30s. The center emerald is a "sugarloaf cut" (intended to maximize the green tone), and has bullet shaped diamond baguettes surrounding it. The piece itself is most likely American (though the stone is from Colombia), and thanks to the Art Deco market peaking, it was given a huge price tag.Appraised: 2016Value: $70,000 to $90,000 retail.About: This circa 1915 necklace was purchased by the owner's husband in the late '70s to early 80s, and he paid just over $3,000. So yeah, it has a pretty hefty mark-up. The piece itself is made from black opals known as "patchwork opals"—and not only was it signed by "Tiffany & Co," it was also signed by man/myth/legend, Louis Comfort Tiffany. Appraised: 2008Value: $250,000 retail.About: That's right: $250,000. This stunning necklace was passed down through the owner's family, and hails from New York company Phelps & Perry of Maiden Lane. The circa 1905 piece uses Edwardian platinum, and the diamonds are massive—the larger of the two being five carats. At the time it was appraised, the diamond market was pretty volatile, so you can only imagine the estimate in 2017.Appraised: 2010Value: $60,000 to $80,000, auction.About: This massive diamond ring is a whopping 7 carats, and was made in 1925, retailing for $1,000. Interestingly, the eight-prong setting indicates that this ring was intended for a man rather than a woman. It was originally mis-graded before the owner brought it into Antiques Roadshow, where she found out it was worth up to $80k instead of just $20k. Appraised: 2011Value: $70,000 to $90,000, auction.About: This lovely 6.5 carat ring was made in 1900, and is what's referred to as an "old mine cut"—meaning there are fewer facets. "It is a really pretty piece, just the center stone as is," explains the appraiser. "And what's nice is, it's not in a yellow mounting or setting that would amplify the yellow. It's actually in a platinum-and-diamond Edwardian setting that complements it beautifully."Appraised: 2011Value: $140,000 to $160,000, retail.About: This 3.4 carat "fancy" "intense" engagement ring was made in New York City in the roaring '70s, and definitely lives up to its name. The value comes from the gorgeousness of the stone itself, set in a "modern round brilliant cut." We'd like five, please.Appraised: 2012Value: $80,000 to $200,000, insurance.About: This Tiffany necklace is signed a whopping three times (making it extra special), and was created by one of the company's best and most famous designers Paulding Farnham—who was known for his love of natural pearls. The owner plans to have her daughters wear the necklace at their weddings. Appraisal: 2013Value: $75,000 to $100,000 retail.About: These earrings contain six carats of sapphire and six carats of diamonds (casual)—and belonged to the owner's grandmother's sister. In other words, they go way back.Appraised: 2014 Value: $75,000 to $100,000 auction.About: This necklace dates between 1900 and 1908, and is made of black opal, as well as Russian demantoid garnets—the most rare green garnet in existence. Just based on historical significance alone, the piece is worth $8-10k, but the fact that it was made by Tiffany & Co increases the value to $15-20k. The thing is, this piece was *specifically* made by Tiffany himself, which makes it even more valuable.Appraised: 2013 Value: $80,000 to $100,000, auction.About: This piece dates to about 1918, and is what's known as a "transitional" piece in terms of design. It has Art Deco elements (like the baguette diamonds), but also scrolling motifs that give off more of an Edwardian vibe. And while the diamonds are great, it's the three carat Burmese ruby that's the real showstopper—hence the high price tag. Appraised: 2014Value: $125,000, insurance.About: This gorgeous necklace was bought at NYC's Van Cleef & Arpels by the owner's father-in-law in 1960. Amazingly, it was actually custom-made based on a sketch that the buyer drew. The diamond weighs 3.91 carats, and is flaked by smaller stones—and believe it or not, it only cost $5,700 at the time.Appraised: 2014 Value: $55,000 to $85,000 auction.About: This necklace and ring were bought by the owner's grandmother before 1949, and weren't actually part of the same set. The ring is platinum-topped gold with a Burmese sapphire surrounded by diamonds, and dates from 1910-1915. It's worth between $25-35k. Meanwhile, the necklace was made to go with the ring in the 1920s, and is worth an additional $30-50k. The pear-shaped drop alone has two and a half carats of diamonds, while the tassel is decked out in sapphires.  Appraised: 2014 Value: $55,000 to $65,000, retail.About: This lovely engagement ring (from the owner's husband) is hilariously referred to as a "fat pear" in terms of shape—and weighs five carats. The ring is Art Deco in aesthetic, and was made in America by little known designers K and F and Company.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Introducing your It sneaker for fall.Vans and Karl Lagerfeld's upcoming collaboration might make you want to ditch your white summer sneakers for some sleek black kicks.The 12-piece capsule was inspired by Lagerfeld's "evolving design aesthetic with iconic elements from his timeless career," said Angie Dita, Vans Classics' senior footwear designer. Thus, the resulting collection remixes some of the skate brand's quintessential sneakers—such as the Old Skool, Sk-8 Hi, and Classic Slip-On—with motifs like K-quilted leather, boucle fabric, referencing Chanel's signature tweed, and Lagerfeld's profile worked into Vans' famous checkerboard print. The range also extends beyond footwear, with graphic tees, a bomber jacket, premium leather backpack, and a cap.News of the collaboration broke just last week, but Lagerfeld and Vans actually started discussing a joint women's collection a few seasons ago. "We decided to work together since both Vans and Karl Lagerfeld's brand messaging revolved around creating products that are timeless and iconic," Dita said.The timing of the collection couldn't be more spot-on, just as Vans' Old Skool and Sk8 Hi styles have become the new go-to sneaker, and the fashion world continues to tap on the skate aesthetic. (Just take note of Thrasher hoodies in street-style shots, or Louis Vuitton's collab with Supreme.)"When I see the fashion world take references from skate trends or brands, I feel that they are intrigued by the fact that skaters are creatives that set their own rules and code," Dita explained. "There is something intriguing about how skateboarding symbolizes a sense of independence and non-conforming attitude that begins at their youth. They follow their own path."Vans x Karl Lagerfeld officially launches on September 7 at select Karl Lagerfeld boutiques, Vans stores and online at vans.com and karl.com. Prices rage from $40–$300. Take your first look at some more pieces below. Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.From: Harper's BAZAAR US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			A no-bull breakdown of everything you need—and don't.You know how lots of fashion guides are like three pictures of vaguely similar things, united by titles that are puns? (NOT GUILTY.) This is not that—this is all the most pertinent information about the top trends for Fall 2017 with none about the stuff you'll never actually wear. Really. If you watched Kingsman and thought, "Hmm, sure wish I had oxfords with a retractable blade," you're in luck. You could definitely hurt someone with Balenciaga's knife-point boots and mules—they do not have literal metal bits in them, make no mistake—or with any of the other very sharp footwear available to buy now, at every price point.Shop all the boots, pointy and not, here.Maison MargielaValentinoGive your basket a rest, okay, Jane Birkin? (At least until it's winter, AKA unseasonal-bag weather.) For getting down to business, choose a structured, bookish satchel, like this guy from Louis Vuitton. Size doesn't really matter, but the edict on limited strap usage still stands. BalenciagaShop similar: Balenciaga, $2,990BUY IT: bergdorfgoodman.com.Dries van NotenOne Pantsuit Nation, indivisible. As fashion's love affair with the matched set continues, we stray further and further from its Wall Street roots toward the Edwardians and teddy boys and romantic heroines. Check out the blush on this Nina Ricci, for example.Agnes B.ZimmermannShop similar: Zimmermann, $1,600BUY IT: saksfifthavenue.com.Once again, your Nana (or her couch) is a style icon, though not in a cobwebby, old-school Olsen way. This time, it's all about patchwork, quilt squares, nubby knits with more cables than your actual gran's TV, and the pleasantly musty smell of Tradition...turned on its head, as seen here at Public School. Shop similar: Coach skirt, $795BUY IT: coach.com.Dolce & GabbanaValentinoAs extra as we are. Coats remain the part of your wardrobe you should perhaps spend the most on, given that, for half (or more) of the year, they are what define your look. As we enter fall, think long and lean in a macintosh-ish shape like this guy from Vuitton, and topped off with a belt.Shop similar: Topshop, $210BUY IT: topshop.com.HermèsSacaiThere's probably some correlation between skirt lengths and the economic climate, so what does the decidedly walkable but not-so-showoff-y nature of the midi—this one's Valentino—say about the times? Dunno, but the more fabric, the better—and maybe some sheerness too.Carolina HerreraNo. 21Similarly, the more classic the print, the more nostalgic we are for the comfort of the past? Coping techniques aside, checks and plaids will never be solidly *out* for autumn. But this season, get 'em in weird, acidic colors and even weirder, unexpected shapes. Shop similar: Stella McCartney Jacket, $1,495BUY IT: stellamccartney.com. Stella McCartneyTomePower. Passion. Does this fidget spinner come in crimson? (No? But this Giambattista Valli daydream does.) Shop similar: Giambattista Valli, $1,531BUY IT: mytheresa.com.Dolce & GabbanaFendiNow, onto the next most crucial category: trousers. Can I still wear skinny jeans? Yes, but ask yourself this: Does it feel as right as something baggier, with a bit more room in the trunk? Though our vote goes toward phasing out super-slender silhouettes with no new element like a front split, unlike what's shown here at Jonathan Simkhai, do what you want. At least in the fall. Shop some great non-skinny jeans here.Fenty x Puma Alice + Olivia		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Plane and premiere outfits—in one place.Get you an Ethan Hawke who can do both. Ethan Hawke carting his own bags around. Ethan Hawke, now be-tuxed, looking debonair on the red carpet. The Venice Film Festival has a way of putting stars through the rigors of casual-to-fancy dressing, the most successful examples of which you can see here. In Tory Burch Resort 2018 at the European Filmmakers LunchIn Atelier Versace at the premiere of Loving PabloAt the Jim & Andy: The Great Beyond - The Story of Jim Carrey & Andy Kaufman screeningIn Louis Vuitton at the Jaeger-LeCoultre Gala DinnerIn Rodarte at the Woodshock screeningAt Franca Sozzani Award ceremonyIn Atelier Versace at Franca Sozzani Award ceremonyIn Valentino at Franca Sozzani Award ceremonyAt the Mother! screeningAt the Mother! screeningAt the Mother! screeningAt the Mother! screeningAt the Mother! photocall At the The Third Murder screeningAt the 74th Venice Film Festival attends the Woodshock photocall  At the The Leisure Seeker screeningAt the Victoria & Abdul screeningAt The Leisure Seeker photocallAt the Suburbicon screeningAt the 74th Venice Film FestivalAt the Lean On Pete screeningAt the 74th Venice Film FestivalAt the 74th Venice Film FestivalAt the Miu Miu Women's Tales photocall  At the The Insult screening At the The Insult screeningAt the The Insult screeningAt the Zama screeningAt the Zama screening		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			One more reason why vacation shopping should be guilt-free.Fashion month may be just around the corner, but the shows in San Jose, Costa Rica already made their debut both a big and eco-friendly way. For many of fashion's frontrunners, environmental preservation is not usually top of mind as the industry's perfect pair. However, for Costa-Rican based philanthropist Andrea Somma Trejos, marrying environmental ethics with style is a major priority. Trejos is CEO and founder of Fashion Summit, a two-day forum showcasing some of the world's most sustainably progressive names in fashion. The event peaked our interest with engaging panel discussions and out-of-the-box designer presentations, so we followed up with Trejos for some insight into her inspiration.While the small country of Costa Rica may be your go-to for digging your toes in the sand, it also happens to be the fifth most sustainable country in the world. It then comes as no surprise that their fashion industry incorporates these standards into their production methods to preserve its cherished eco-systems.  "The fashion industry is the second most polluting industry in the world", Trejas points out, but she hopes that with events like the Fashion Summit pollution levels will begin to plummet. "We need to create awareness in consumers and designers about the importance of making responsible choices in relation to our wardrobe, but also showcase the amazing alternatives already on the market", she adds. And we can't help but agree. With efforts made by Trejos and those on the forefront of sustainable fashion, the case for eco-friendly shopping couldn't be more compelling. To help you start shopping smarter, we've compiled a list of our favorite brands from this years Fashion Summit to kick off your spree. This brand is bringing together designers of multicultural backgrounds to create one-of-a-kind items ranging from embroidered pieces to hand-made tapestries. SHOP IT: cooperativashop.comMendoza's workshop is located in her home country of Columbia, where she sources raw emeralds and designs pieces to be crafted by local artisans. SHOP IT: paulamendoza.comFocusing on sustainable luxury, Nomadic Collector ensures ethical business practices to create pieces that will last you a lifetime. All pieces are made with carbon neutral leather and reforested wood from Costa Rica. SHOP IT: nomadiccollector.comExclusively made from planet-friendly materials and recycled fabrics, Abysse brings fashion and function together with multi-purpose swimwear, perfect for both on the beach and off.SHOP IT: abysseofficial.comThis Costa Rican brand repurposes fishing nets to create eco-friendly hammocks, jewelry, and even swimwear, allowing sustainable shopping both for fashion and the home. Focusing on slow fashion, this brand ensures that every garment is well thought out and will last you well into next season. All pieces are made with sustainable and local materials from Uruguay such as merino wool. SHOP IT: analivini.comHandmade using traditional weaving techniques from Mexico, these bags are also made of recycled plastic. SHOP IT: rahelitas.comFollow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Another day, another drama.Kendall and Kylie Jenner are in hot water surrounding a picture from the Instagram page of their clothing line, Kendall + Kylie. The image—which featured a model in hoop earrings, Kendall + Kylie's "Plaid Shirt" buttoned only on top, a sheer bralette, and low, loose-slung trousers—was posted Sunday and deleted after negative comments started to roll in. The photo was then screen-grabbed, along with the less-than-glowing feedback, by popular gossip website, The Shade Room.While commenters weren't upset that Kendall and Kylie were selling a "Plaid Shirt," some were incensed over the styling of the model's outfit. Some people felt it was inspired by Chola culture."NOW THEY'RE TRYING TO BE CHOLAS DO THEY EVER STOP CULTURAL APPROPRIATING," one user said. Another commenter wrote,"Disrespectful," while someone else chimed in calling the sisters "culture vultures."The term Chola, originally a derogatory word used by colonizing Europeans to describe people in South and Central America, was reclaimed by Mexican-American citizens in the 1960s. The way the shirt is buttoned in the Kendall + Kylie image and low-riding, baggy pants style, are both examples of distinctive Chola fashions, per writer Julianne Escobedo Shepherd. It's not the first time the sisters have been dragged for cultural appropriation. In June, the brand released a line of oversize "vintage" T-shirts that used images of Tupac and Notorious B.I.G. (among other artists) without the consent of their estates, and, after facing outrage, stopped selling them. One commenter acknowledged this controversy in the recently deleted Instagram post, saying, "Y'all didn't learn from them T-shirts, huh?"All pictures of the model styled in that way have been removed from the Kendall + Kylie social feeds and taken down from the website. All that remains is the shirt itself, with all of its buttons, buttoned. Kendall and Kylie haven't yet addressed the situation publicly.Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.From: Cosmopolitan US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The one-second styling trick that takes you from hot to hotter.At the end of August, there are only two moods, contrary to the internet-canon four. There is the one that's "while the world was still a giant slush pit, I planned out every single weekend so I could make the most of The Summer, even though time is an illusion, so I could be doing this the entire year." And then there is the "I didn't have a single hot dog or lobster roll this whole time, because all I did was sit in the dark listening to How to Be a Human Being, but it was chill anyhow."But nothing spurs one's appetite for charred/lightly buttered meats and getting into arguments with strangers because your beach blanket accidentally touched theirs like the unofficial conclusion of the fun season, which arrives Monday. Don't care? As you were then. Panicking? Here, have a paper bag—but maybe also a cheeky styling trick that could top things off on a high note. If you've been on Instagram at all recently, you'll have noticed that, this year, swimsuit bottoms have traveled so far up the hip that front wedgies have become a menace and waxes that leave the sides bare a necessity. A post shared by Bella (@bellahadid) on Aug 10, 2016 at 3:46pm PDTA post shared by Kourtney Kardashian (@kourtneykardash) on Aug 17, 2017 at 7:48pm PDT legally blonde vibes 👙A post shared by  Kendall (@kendalljenner) on May 25, 2017 at 9:18am PDTCamel toe and having hot wax come into contact with your sensitive bits aside, this is a look—a quite nice one, in fact, that elongates the legs and is chic and sexy in a '90s-Super kind of way. And it is even funner when you factor in the ease of it: If you're sufficiently groomed (or not—though the aesthetic might be better one way), you can accomplish this now, with a tug up of the waistband you'd normally wear straight across. (Think T-shape to Y-shape.)  When paps provide instagrams 👌🏽A post shared by  Emily Ratajkowski (@emrata) on Jul 26, 2017 at 9:46am PDTIn fact, some bottoms were built to help a girl do both. Jade Swim, purveyor of suits that ought to be voted Most Likely to Get You Pregnant, lays it all out in the description for its mega-flattering "Most Wanted" brief: "Tanning bottom, sits low on hip or high on waist." But with enough Lycra, or, better yet, side ties, all things are possible—even a summer's end that draws everything to a neat, no-regrets close. BUY IT: 1. H&M top, $20; hm.com. H&M bottoms, $13; hm.com. 2. Hunza G, $150; net-a-porter.com. 3. Jade Swim top, $90; jadeswim.com. Jade Swim bottoms, $90; jadeswim.com. 4. Triangl, $99; triangl.com.Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Cheap and chic.Now that you've bought the plane ticket and booked the hotel, the last thing you want on your vacation is to spend another small fortune on your swimwear, right? If you're in the market for ones that won't rack up any buyer's remorse, look into these *budget* bathing suits that all fall under $100 (though you'd never guess it).V is for a very chic striped one-piece.Zara, $46BUY IT: zara.com.You are not dreaming—that does say two whole buckaroos, my friend. Princesse Tam Tam x Uniqlo top, $2; bottoms, $2BUY IT: uniqlo.com; uniqlo.com.While that last suit has been worn by Cara Delevingne, this one's fans include, like, every other model, including Alessandra Ambrosio and Elsa Hosk. It'll look even nicer on you. Gooseberry Intimates, $99BUY IT: gooseberryintimates.com.The only pinstripes we want to see until September, ya hear? H&M, $30BUY IT: hm.com.Those little ruffly shoulders—and the ruffly butt™. J.Crew top, $40; bottoms, $35BUY IT: jcrew.com; jcrew.com.Ready for making a soft-drink commercial or bad decisions or whatever. COS top, $35; bottoms, $20BUY IT: cosstores.com; cosstores.com.Adore the henley-like details, because it's like long johns if they went south for the winter. Out From Under top, $30; bottoms, $42BUY IT: urbanoutfitters.com; urbanoutfitters.com.You didn't do all those planks to *not* frame your abs with summer's MVP color combo.J.Crew , $53BUY IT: jcrew.comAn interesting botanical print in a family-friendly cut. Finery London, $69BUY IT: finerylondon.com.Because you can't wear track pants to the pool. Or can you? H&M top, $10; bottoms, $8BUY IT: hm.com.The Hervé Leger of swimsuits, which is just on the verge of coming back, according to our Spidey senses. Boohoo, $15BUY IT: boohoo.com.Channel the South of France in this blue-and-white scoop back number.& Other Stories, $55BUY IT: stories.com.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			And you thought what they wore to the main event was wild...While you were sleeping/feeling the Sunday Scaries deeply, the stars were out, partying the night away after an interpretative dance- and Taylor Swift-filled VMAs ceremony. Ahead, see what they changed into for the occasion. In David Koma at the Republic Records' VMA After PartyAt the Republic Records' VMA After PartyAt the Republic Records' VMA After PartyAt the Republic Records' VMA After PartyIn Christopher Kane at the Republic Records' VMA After PartyIn Moschino at the Republic Records' VMA After PartyIn Bordelle at the Republic Records' VMA After PartyAt the Republic Records' VMA After PartyAt the Republic Records' VMA After Party		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			OMG, did Taylor wear a snake dress? As a celebrity, if you can't let loose at the VMAs in, say, a meat dress or tasteful rhinestone pastie, where even *can* you? Here, see the best looks of a night on which anything truly can happen clothes-wise. In MonsooriIn BalmainIn Atsuko Kudo In Atelier VersaceIn Nicolas JebranIn ZimmermannIn Zuhair Murad CoutureIn RodarteIn Yanina CoutureIn DundasIn KpodonouIn Stéphane RollandIn MoschinoIn DiorIn Monique LhuillierIn Zuhair Murad Couture		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Lil' Kim was a big influence.Kim Kardashian is known for reinventing herself, especially for magazine photoshoots, but her latest transformation is really something. In the forthcoming issue of CR Fashion Book, Kim trades in her distinctive style, for some '90s-inspired red carpet looks.CR enlisted photographer Petra Collins for the shoot, to capture the iconic Kardashian as she replicated some of the most famous fashion looks from the '90s. And the two most important style icons for the team: Lil' Kim's look from the 1999 MTV Video Music Awards, and Pamela Anderson's '90s red carpet style.Here's Kim channeling Pamela Anderson, wearing a long, platinum blonde wig:And here's her Lil' Kim inspired-look, which she pulls off with aplomb:Kim most definitely suits that pink hair. The 1999-themed, Issue 11 of CR Fashion Book hits newsstands on September 7.Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She was photographed leaving the lingerie giant's headquarters.Bella Hadid has finally confirmed that she will walk the Victoria's Secret runway once more. The model shared the news via Instagram, after being spotted at the lingerie giant's headquarters. The 20-year-old captioned the image: "I feel so crazy humbled to get the opportunity to be a part of this show again...Walking into the offices this year I felt so happy, healthy, and honored.. I can't wait for another incredible experience!!! Congrats to all of the beautiful ladies I will be walking beside. I can't wait!"Sister Gigi Hadid, and bestie Kendall Jenner, have yet to confirm whether or not they will be joining Bella on the Victoria's Secret catwalk this season. Plus, rumors that Hailey Baldwin will make her debut at the show this season continue to circle.Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.From: Harper's BAZAAR UK		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Layering! Jackets! Why won't it get chilly already!Summer is arguably the fourth best season for dressing—especially if you foolishly schedule a fashion experiment that requires you to wear latex in 90-degree weather—so even if it's still too early, it *is* nice to see that some celebrities have fall on their minds too. You could call the following fall outfits "transitional," but we call them a sign of better things to come.It's never too early to commence OTK (over-the-knee) season. GET THE LOOK: The Allegs Boot, $825BUY IT: stuartweitman.com.Le Specs shades up top paired with light denim and a pajama top *chef's kiss*. GET THE LOOK: Equipment Pajama Silk Shirt, $218BUY IT: bloomingdales.com.The trendy overalls style of summer, but make it fall with a velvet fabric and a crisp white top underneath. GET THE LOOK: Velvet Wide Leg Overalls, $100BUY IT: freepeople.com.Because we're still not over the bomber jacket this year as the easiest dressed-down cover up. GET THE LOOK: Theory Elevate Bomber Jacket, $159BUY IT: bergdorfgoodman.com.Get a little clashy with your look by blending super dark cords with over-the-top prints or stripes (Gucci never hurts) à la Kate Upton. GET THE LOOK: Gucci Wool Sweater with Embroidery, $1,600BUY IT: farfetch.com.From caftans to kimonos: a seamless transition. GET THE LOOK: Topshop Floral Print Maxi Kimono Jacket, $130BUY IT: topshop.com.Give-or-take on the midriff (because TBH, none of us are Gigi), but the matching separates, mock neck top, and white sneakers combo is golden. As extra frosting on top, the tinted aviators and mini clutch (or is it a makeup bag?) are nice touches.  GET THE LOOK: Striped Blazer, $119BUY IT: zara.com.Striped Pajama Style Trousers, $70BUY IT: zara.com.Here, fall layering done right as shown by by Cara's cropped biker jacket and gauze-y skirt/bodysuit. Safe for work? Not so much, but maybe this is exactly what your date nights are missing.  Be still, our vampy hearts. GET THE LOOK: Mango Cropped Biker Jacket, $79BUY IT: us.asos.com.The perfect transitional weekend look that says, "I'm comfortable but still chic," to usher you into cardigan season. GET THE LOOK: Free People Show Some Shoulder Tunic Blouse $78BUY IT: bloomingdales.com.We can't all afford Valentino jackets, but if you're going the Zara route, keep the bomber trend going strong by pairing it with sheer layers—or the tiered midi skirt that ruled the streets this year—plus a classic button-up. GET THE LOOK: Lovers + Friends Revolve Bomber Jacket, $120BUY IT: revolve.com.In which Margot Robbie shows us the ideal way to transfer our short-sleeved "why I am melting right now" shift dresses to a polished, head-to-toe look that's chic and warm for the office. GET THE LOOK: A.F. Vandevorst Floral Print Pencil Skirt, $184BUY IT: farfetch.com.How to Fall-ify your Linen Jumpsuit 101 (well, the sandals aren't ideal but your summer espadrilles are still good to go).GET THE LOOK: Luisa et la Luna Heidi Jumpsuit, $495BUY IT: garmentory.com.The youthful version of the pantsuit for fall. Layer clean prints like this Giambattista Valli look with a chunkier heel or a chic pair of flats. GET THE LOOK: Textured Large Floral Blazer, $27BUY IT: us.asos.com.In which Selena Gomez throws caution to the wind and makes clashing colors + sweatpants look like an attractive option for the weekend. Take note: she cuts the schlub factor with a tight fit around the ankles plus a fitted top. GET THE LOOK: H&M Joggers, $18BUY IT: hm.com.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"We train local people to teach and mentor so it's not an outsider coming in and telling them what to do."Half of India's poorest children never receive a primary education. It's a statistic painfully on display in Mankhurd, a Mumbai suburb that is the epicenter of the country's tailoring and embroidery business and home to more than 670,000 people. Enter Marchesa designer Georgina Chapman. To give back to the area in which many of the brand's intricate gowns are embroidered, in 2014 she partnered with nonprofit Magic Bus, whose goal is to break the cycle of poverty by encouraging children to finish school. The organization (which got its name after founder Matthew Spacie drove a bus into an Indian slum in 1999 and provided children living there with a trip as an escape) works with more than 400,000 youth globally and entered Mankhurd in 2008. Since Chapman came on board, participation in Mankhurd's program has grown from 438 children to nearly 2,500—and counting. "We train local people to teach and mentor so it's not an outsider coming in and telling them what to do," explains Chapman. "India has given me so much—I want to touch the community that's helped make Marchesa possible with their beautiful embroideries."One such community youth leader is Parvati Pujari. Among the initial women to participate in the Magic Bus program, she was the first girl to finish school in her community and the only one to graduate from college (her two older sisters had dropped out of school and were married by age 12, a common practice). By comparison, no girl in the Magic Bus program has gotten married before the age of 18. "It's not because these families aren't progressive; it's because they don't realize there's any other option," says the designer. "We aren't building bathrooms or wells, but these powerful stories are just as tangible." India has always been a special place for Chapman. Her ancestors lived there, and it was while traveling through the subcontinent that she and cofounder Keren Craig became inspired to launch Marchesa. "I'll never forget stepping off the plane when I first visited at 16 and being shocked by the smells, colors, and architecture," she says. "It was intoxicating and has stayed with me forever." So much so that she named her daughter after the country and hopes to bring 7-year-old India one day: "I want her to understand and play a part." This article appears in the September issue of Marie Claire, on newsstands now.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			[Reconstitutes self from pool of sweat.]Are we human or are we blob? Can't really tell anymore, given that the average body wasn't really made to withstand three months of day-drinking outside in 90-degree-plus heat. But now that our thinking turns to day-drinking in cooler weather but it's darker because of the tilt of the earth's axis, that calls for a costume change too. Here, shop 10 fall dresses a bit more substantial than the linen smocks you've been living in since June.The same yuba-textured fabric as those pants everybody was wearing this summer, but a dress in an ace color. H&M, $25BUY IT: hm.com.The rugby shirt is baaack. If you're still traumatized by the Blues Clues people just REPLACING Steve with some rando, here's a gentler, cozier sweater dress with the same stripey vibe. There, there.Aritzia, $150BUY IT: aritzia.com.Muumuus are a state of mind. (Except this one's got a shirt collar and enough of a waist to make it a member of the Real Clothes Club.) Farrow, $88BUY IT: needsupply.com.Start planning Instagram shots of the sunlight filtering through the sheer sleeve and hitting one of the rhinestones to make a rainbow, LOL.Mango, $120BUY IT: shop.mango.com.Because the buttons actually work, this is your all-year MVP. Layer with a turtleneck, unbutton to waist height and wear over trousers. Zara, $40BUY IT: zara.com.The PVC thing won't die, so get yourself a swingy dress that naughtily zips all the way down.Front Row Shop, $95BUY IT: frontrowshop.com.Summer work style vibe: One millimeter away from an HR violation. Fall vibe: Ready for the C-suite in draped jersey.COS, $99BUY IT: cosstores.com.Another solid work option you'll wear seven times a month at least, because what's easier than a shirtdress? Topshop, $100BUY IT: topshop.com.There's something so '80s about the big shoulders and small skirt, but these days, the same silhouette has more of a Jacquemus, rolling-in-the-grass vibe. Keep it going in black, with some heavy-soled boots. & Other Stories, $95BUY IT: stories.com.Vive le slip dress. If you're in the market for a new one—and who isn't, when it's 20 BUCKS—this guy comes in a plush fabric and multiple colors.Uniqlo, $20BUY IT: uniqlo.com.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			An accessory that's as good as having 2.4 million followers.As a retort to the usually mocking meme format "In 2017, we'll have [done something tremendous] / 2017: [something tremendously stupid]," we actually do have cool stuff: We can shop on Instagram. Whether that's thumbing a photo to be transported directly to a website or seeing the same puff-sleeve top on various influencers until it enters your subconsciousness, social media factoring into the buying process is a thoroughly modern invention. Don't believe me? Think about the smaller e-tailers that show up on your Discover page—and what handmade linen dresses/vintage cardigans you might've bought from them. And take an inventory of this summer's greatest hits, including the much-copied shoulder-tie Reformation dress and basket bags aplenty, whose success can be owed to their popularity amongst The Verified. Now add to that list Takesh's heart sunglasses, coming soon to a shopping cart near you.Takesh Eyewear, $169BUY IT: openingceremony.com. day 1 @oneandonlypalmillaA post shared by  Martha Hunt (@marthahunt) on Aug 2, 2017 at 6:25pm PDTA post shared by Lily Aldridge (@lilyaldridge) on Aug 14, 2017 at 6:09am PDTSeparate from the Victoria's Secret models and cool-girls-about-town who wear them, the $169 frames were made to keep your phone pinging with notifications. The colors (baby blue, red, and black). That oblong lens that's so effective for thinning out the face. And the fact that they're shaped like HEARTS, which is basically conditioning your followers to double-tap.  😎 @palomija n @carlottiica in the limited edition Jadore black frames 😎 don't wait til it's too late 😎A post shared by  TAKESH (@takesh.eyewear) on Aug 6, 2017 at 12:19pm PDT today I looked down and realized I was wearing a full outfit designed by my friends - all female friends at that - congratulations to my idol @takesh.eyewear heart shaped sunglasses for all !!!!!A post shared by  Madeline Poole (@mpnails) on Aug 21, 2017 at 12:20pm PDTThe only downside? The law of supply and demand. So best move fast, or consider your other options below. BUY IT: 1. Fancy, $10; fancy.com. 2. ASOS, $13; asos.com. 3. Saint Laurent, $321; mytheresa.com.Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The collection arrives in time for fashion month.Karl Lagerfeld is teaming up with Vans for a capsule collection of apparel and footwear launching September 7. Expect to see Vans' signature checkered pattern remixed with Lagerfeld's side profile, textured boucle fabrics and quilted-leather K motifs, WWD reports.Though there are no photos yet, the collection promises leather, laceless iterations of Vans' Sk8-Hi and Old Skool designs (AKA the black and white sneaks beloved by bloggers and the street-style set), and a leather Classic Slip-On. There'll also be a graphic tee emblazoned with an image of Lagerfeld wearing a Vans checkerboard tie, and bomber jackets and backpacks are also in the mix. Prices range from $40-$300. The collection will be available online and in-store at select Karl Lagerfeld and Vans locations.The unexpected union proves high fashion's obsession with skate-wear isn't dead just yet. (The collab arrives eight months after Louis Vuitton x Supreme debuted on the runways in January.)Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.From: Harper's BAZAAR US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Perfect places—and perfect clothes.The only thing better than a great song is a great song augmented by a short film that adds to the emotional arc of the music. Then, another thing that can take *that* from great song to proper CHOON is the addition of great fashion, because you, uh, hear with your eyes too. (You know what I mean.) Here, 12 of the most chicly wardrobed visuals ever. We're all guilty of misusing "iconic," but this—this is it. In her garbage bag suit and rhinestone sunglasses, Missy pushes her aesthetic near to bursting. (But it's fine because the suit isn't inflated enough to Hindenburg.) Also, Lil' Kim. Look at any collection from the past few years—hell, look at what any of us are wearing on the streets now—and you'll see the influence of this video. (And that none of us who knew the '90s will ever, ever get over them.) It doesn't get any cooler than one of the best girl bands of all time in loose, louche silk pajamas. Lives were changed by this video, which is just as well, because it took 36 stylists, led by Marni Senofonte, to put together. Add in the pieces from names such as Gucci, Fendi, Rosie Assoulin, and Alessandra Rich, and you've got one massive investment that more than paid off. Aesthetic STRONG. In everything she does, Solange is exacting, and that fastidiousness applies to what she wears, a kind of sculptural, graphic softness that suggests female unity, if that makes sense. (It makes sense if you have eyes.) On here mostly for the Jacquemus hat, also for the veiled headpiece and robe she wears in front of a pile of petits fours. If you thought there was only that one red vinyl jumpsuit, you would be DEAD WRONG—this cinematic/musical gem is to be screenshotted and studied at length, for Britney's two white outfits and everything her backup dancers wear (a lot of silver, honestly). It won't feel like homework either, because you will love every second of it.In this case, it could be said that the clothes outshine the sappy Liam Hemsworth tribute, but that is only because the parade of all-white looks is so incredibly wonderful. Giambattista Valli couture for running along the beach! A frilly Palomo Spain top for rolling around in a meadow! Bucolic, breathy fashion at its finest. Killer song, killer clothes, which is to be expected from one of the most artistic singers out there. (She performs in McQueen with wraithlike dancers surrounding her, it's freaky/marvelous.) Click, click. One word: GLORIOUS. Synopsis: Italian cinema, so much sexual tension, and the summer wardrobe of Dolce & Gabbana dreams. Everybody wanted that pink tracksuit. Everybody who wasn't around to want that pink tracksuit then will want that pink tracksuit now. I am scared but very curious about what goes on in Grimes' brain, because what comes *out* of it is always so beautiful, so strong, and just a little scary. That comes through in what is basically her audition to be a comic-book villainess—and the madcap mixes, like a Versace sweatshirt styled with pink boxing gloves, ski goggles, and fangs. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Your complete guide to the new angels. Your guide to the models confirmed for this year's lingerie extravaganza.NewcomerNewcomerNewcomerNewcomerNewcomerNewcomerNewcomerNewcomerNewcomerNewcomerNewcomerNewcomerFrom: Harper's BAZAAR US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Set a calendar alert for THAT COAT.She might be known as the Marchioness of the High-Low Mix, but this fall, Olivia Palermo is fully submerging her Manolo-ed toe into the world of fashion design with her first co-branded collection for Banana Republic. Fitting the theme of "twisted classics" and Tolstoyan romance, highlights from the 70-piece (!) range of clothes and accessories include "special weaves crafted in luxury Italian mills," a paisley tie-neck dress, an orange-red double-breasted military coat, and a snakeskin-detail trench, as seen in our exclusive behind-the-scenes image below. (We will not hesitate to fight you for it, should it come to that.) But to save yourself having to come to fisticuffs with any overzealous fashion editors who aren't above hair-pulling and/or biting, everything—from a $48 foulard to the aforementioned trench, at $998—will be available for sale at Banana Republic stores and online September 9, the same day it's shown as part of New York Fashion Week. "See now, buy now" doesn't get any better than this.Make an entry in your planner for September 9, and watch a teaser here.Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Game of Thrones fans, brace yourselves. Winter is definitely coming because a sexy Jon Snow costume now exists in the world.Just in time for Game of Thrones' season finale, Yandy.com—the brand behindHarry Potter lingerie—has released a "Sexy Northern Queen Costume" inspired by everyone's favorite King in the North. It is SO. GOOD. Behold:BUY NOW Sexy Northern Queen Costume, YANDY, $150The costume, which retails for $150, includes a cozy faux-fur cape that ties in a crisscross pattern in the front, a leather romper with a steamy keyhole cutout, a loin cloth flap, and a studded belt. All you have to do is add your own fishnet tights and over-the-knee boots.While the costume may not help with the freezing temperatures beyond the wall, it will certainly keep things hot on Halloween. Trick or treat, y'all.Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.From: Cosmopolitan US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The non-profit Stylefund is reimagining how people get dressed.  Everyone has a clothing silhouette that makes you feel more confident and able to accomplish anything. Once you find it, it's like your secret weapon," says Leesa Evans, stylist to stars like Amy Schumer, Claire Danes, and Rashida Jones.That's how Evans won over Schumer: The two met when Evans outfitted the actress during the Trainwreck press tour in 2015, and she taught Schumer the magic of a power silhouette. "She had this real epiphany of, Wow, I actually like clothing now, because I understand it can make me feel good—and anything that makes you feel good is good for your life," says Evans. After Schumer gifted sessions with her new favorite stylist to her friends and family (celebrity stylists typically charge more than $1,000 a day), Evans' husband asked, "What if you and Amy teamed up and brought this to more people?"So, that year, they launched Stylefund, a not-for-profit that educates women who can't afford professional stylists on finding the best clothing for their bodies, no matter their budget. "Regardless of someone's age or economic level or their size, getting dressed is this thing we have in common. Because we have to do it every day, it can be a struggle," says Evans. "I have billionaire clients and clients whom I've donated my time to, and there is no difference." Stylefund is the duo's scrappy side hustle—Evans spends anywhere from five to 20 hours a week on the nonprofit, and she and Schumer chat a few times a month to brainstorm event ideas. That first year, Stylefund worked with Goodwill of Southern California to put together ensembles for more than 50 women reentering the workforce (Evans, Schumer, and 10 additional stylists led the event); in 2016, Barneys New York kicked off a social-media campaign called the #LovePeaceJoyProject to help Stylefund raise money; and Evans recently joined Community Partners, a nonprofit consultancy, to learn how to expand her organization. Stylefund has also transformed into a training platform: Evans plans to start meeting this year with sales associates at retailers—from high-end department stores to thrift shops—to school them in her silhouette method. "It has been my greatest joy to know that this is not for any one person," she says, "but for every person.""Regardless of someone's age or economic level or their size, getting dressed is this thing we have in common."Evans and Schumer are currently working with Barneys on an L.A.-based event for women in their late teens and early 20s. "High school and college is such a coming-of-age time," says Evans. "You're forming ideas about yourself and how you're going to present yourself to the world." At a Stylefund styling session, expect R&B playing in the background, lots of verbal encourage- ment, many mirror selfies—and to leave with a massive smile. "You can't fabricate this thing," says Evans. "It's legitimately changing somebody's view of herself."This article appears in the September issue of Marie Claire, on newsstands now.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Chic or "who would pay money for this?" The year was 2015. That February, a lady posted a picture of a dress that would destroy more friendships than Monopoly, launch a thousand memes, and change science ever after. We were so young then, so unprepared for what was about to come—which, two years later, looks to be a sort of The Dress II, albeit in a less visually dramatic but equally vigorous way. This is what we mean: Sleeper's linen lounge dress, which has split the internet to a depth nary seen outside the political sphere. As an exercise, compare the comments on this Instagram... Summer in #Copenhagen Photo by @nyavgjoeA post shared by  Harper's BAZAAR (@harpersbazaarus) on Aug 17, 2017 at 6:58am PDTTo those on the Facebook post promoting this story, where the fur continued to fly in that comments section too.While the two audiences are ostensibly different, that still doesn't explain the divide between Team "So Cute" and Team "Dreadful Huge Red Tent," led by Captain Heather. To further complicate this case, the latter contingent might be interested to know that loads of fashion people, including Leandra Medine and Aurora James, have worn and liked said DHRT enough to make it part of their personal brands. (FWIW, this writer had been eyeing the DHRT for months, because it is one of those pieces that feels like not wearing real clothes at all but could have the unfortunate effect of looking like you're actually not wearing real clothes at the same time.) I changedA post shared by  Leandra (Medine) Cohen (@leandramcohen) on May 19, 2017 at 2:30pm PDT Dijon Orange Loungewear Dress 🍊rg @garypeppergirl #sleepermuseA post shared by  Sleeper (@daily_sleeper) on Apr 24, 2017 at 11:11am PDT Getting ready to celebrate another spin around the Sun 🌤🐋🐚 The ocean was and always has been my happy place and I'm so excited to celebrate the girl I used to be, the Woman I am now and who I am growing to be with my birthday this week. Thank you so much to all of you guys for supporting me in this amazing little journey of my life 💗🌊✌🏾🎂A post shared by  Aurora James 🦢 (@aurorajames) on Jul 11, 2017 at 2:01pm PDT A L.A moment ⭐️A post shared by  Jeanette (@_jeanettemadsen_) on Nov 5, 2016 at 9:19am PDTBut while studies helped elucidate how people saw The Dress as gold and blue—something about cones and rods, IDGI either—sometimes, fashion can go beyond facts and figures. So here we have The Dress 2017, in itself another phenomenon of perception. Sleeper's Loungewear Dress, $250BUY IT: the-sleeper.com.Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's not known as the most out-there awards show for nothing.There are awards shows, and then there are the MTV VMAs, at which celebrities and their stylists let their freak flags fly more openly than pretty much anywhere else outside their own homes. Ahead, see the most outré outfits to ever walk music's red carpet. Had to. Also because of what it looked like five years later.Before there was the cold shoulder shirt...there was the cold bicep.And this is why some people think statues should be erected of them. Where can I get Big Boi's pants, by the way? Love how they are arranged in descending order of carwashiness. Madge for Dangerous Liaisons: The Remake.One might think she tripped and fell into some construction fencing on the way there. While Pam stopped at the carnival. All of their hair. Three out of five of their sunglasses. And JC CHASEZ'S COAT OMG. Truly iconic.The pose really makes it, doesn't it? Before there were targeted Facebook ads...There was your own body/billboard.Altogether, they're probably wearing the equivalent of, like, two cows' skins. The weirdest thing is every single part of this outfit is either firmly back or on its way in 2017. Scary. At least these pants didn't split.The naked dress that really started it all.And shut it down, at the same time.Because Hollywood loves nothing more than referencing itself. What did I just say? She is the Duchess, after all.This is amazing for the amount of different textures alone.Dress for every awards show like it's your last. Because it very well could be.Like Diana Vreeland said, "the eye must travel from one's cotton-candy beehive to one's stuffed-animal foot thingy (paraphrased)."This is exactly where we're heading in fashion, and frankly, I do not mind it. Also the events that occurred while she was wearing this outfit. The seaming effect is very nice, actually.[Phantom of the Opera theme plays.]Never forget. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The clothes may be eccentric, but the man who makes them is "a very even keel."Normal" isn't the first word that comes to mind when considering Jeremy Scott's unabashedly exuberant designs, which have most recently included: a minidress embellished with garbage (for Moschino), a chandelier dress (for his eponymous line), Candy Crush–emblazoned swimsuits (as part of a collaboration with the überpopular game), and bedazzled Uggs (part of yet another collaboration), to name a few. Yet that's exactly how the designer describes himself: "I'm a very normal person with a very even keel," he says. Those surprised by that statement may be forgiven, seeing as Scott can more often than not be found in head-to-toe animal print alongside superstars (and friends) like Miley Cyrus and Katy Perry. "I think because of the eccentricity of my work and how I dress, people expect me to be bouncing off the walls," he says. "But that's just not how I am."That calm has allowed Scott to stay focused over a prodigious 20-year career that has included helming two major brands, a number of accolades (including an ANDAM Fashion Award early in his career), and countless collaborations, most notably with Adidas. Not that it's always been smooth sailing. "There have been a lot of challenges," he admits, citing initial rejection from the Fashion Institute of Technology (he instead went to Pratt) and critics' mixed reviews over the years. "But I'm still standing on my own, and it's quite an achievement knowing that I own my own business and created my own success through hard work and vision." The latest collection for his namesake label celebrates precisely that. "I've taken a look back at my body of work and tried to deduce an essence, capturing aspects that reoccur," he says. "Reflecting on your own product can be difficult yet enthralling." As for the next two decades, Scott's plan is simple: "I want to keep making cool, fun, and challenging work while having a blast and making people smile!" Sounds like a worthy goal to us."I'm naturally curious, and I stay inspired by trying to keep my mind and heart open to what's out there in the world." This article appears in the September issue of Marie Claire, on newsstands now.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Changing a flat doesn't have to be a thing anymore.Whenever you're feeling bummed about taking public transportation to work—likely, given that this is another way this is the Summer of Hell—just be grateful you aren't Sheila. Then, maybe consider getting up earlier to walk there, a possibility if you pick up a pair or two of the following flats that are comfortable enough for passing slowpokes (take them already, Darwinism) and presentable enough for the 9 a.m. meeting you're still going to be late for. When you have to do some Excel sheets at 4 and be at the Arnolfini marriage by 7.Zara, $40BUY IT: zara.com."I'm you but stronger." —this guy to last year's glove shoeTopshop, $60BUY IT: topshop.com.Fancy but not fancy, you know?& Other Stories, $125BUY IT: stories.com.Another way to let slow walkers know that they will soon be carried off by natural selection is to just keep traveling at a normal speed, which might mean the pointed toes of your flats might accidentally ram into their ankles. Oops!Vagabond, $130BUY IT: urbanoutfitters.com.👌 at the design-to-price ratio.ASOS, $72BUY IT: asos.com.A little funereal (because you're going to work), but make it fun (with studs and plush velvet, mmhmm). Mango, $80BUY IT: shop.mango.com.Somewhere, Alexa Chung is kicking herself for not having designed these first.J.Crew, $258BUY IT: jcrew.com.Wear to the office. Keep wearing to the places you'd rather be, AKA not the office.H&M, $60BUY IT: hm.com.Say millennial pink one more time. I dare you.Dieppa Restrepo, $295BUY IT: thedreslyn.com.Because the '90s/aughts are back in every other way.Charles & Keith, $49BUY IT: charleskeith.com.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Sleepwear chic.Anna Kendrick launched the paperback version of her book, Scrappy Little Nobody, in New York on Saturday, and the outfit she wore to the book signing was incredible.Just wheeling a few extra paperbacks into Union Square #ScrappyLittleNobody #fashionpajamas pic.twitter.com/JKyNCtG8OyThe Pitch Perfect star wore a Fleur du Mal pajama set, carried a Mrs. Thom Mini bag by Thom Browne, and completed the outfit with a pair of chic, green Paul Andrew heels. Her look was fire.Kendrick joked on Twitter that she was glad to be launching the paperback, because "hardcovers are super heavy!"Basically, if you ever need an excuse to wear your PJs out in public, then this is it.Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.From: Harper's BAZAAR US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Four minutes. Nine looks.Some celebrities use press tours as a chance to take on the 10-outfits-in-one-day challenge. But Miley Cyrus basically did the same thing in one four-minute music video. Last night Cyrus released her "Younger Now" single and video, along with the official tracklist for her upcoming album. The video itself is a sumptuous homage to Elvis Presley and the 1950s. So much happens: Cyrus rides a parade float with kids! Goes to a carnival with seniors! Hangs with a young Miley puppet! And does the most visually pleasing dance routine in a poodle skirt:The entire thing is one big ole retro fashion show, with nine very different looks.There's nightgown Miley:Red ruffle dress parade Miley:Brown button-up puppeteer Miley:Red Elvis outfit Miley:Rainbow Greaser Miley:Blue sequined Elvis outfit Miley:Carnival Miley:Free-falling blue jumpsuit Miley:And poodle skirt Miley:If you look at it lyrically,"Younger Now" is Cyrus's way of saying she has no regrets, and that change is inevitable. "Even though it's not who I am/I'm not afraid of who I used to be," she sings, before launching into the song's chorus, "No one stays the same (oh, oh)/You know what goes up must come down (oh, oh)/Change is a thing you can count on (oh, oh)/I feel so much younger now."Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.From: ELLE US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I felt and looked hot, but society actually hated it.These are the things I'm not: So a one-piece fishnet bathing suit (with a high-cut bikini line, low-cut top and back, and strategically placed pieces of more opaque fabric) is not something you'd normally see me wearing. But one morning, my editor asked if I had any interest in trying on one from Minimale Animale. I said yes (reluctantly), convinced that the sexy bathing suit, called "the Firebird," would lose all its sexiness as soon as I slipped it on.  BUY IT: The Firebird, MINIMALE ANIMALE, $300The bathing suit gave me anxiety before I even put it on. Regardless of my editor assuring me that I would look awesome in it, all I could imagine was cellulite and my burrito baby from the previous night's Chipotle endeavors. I wear a "regular" bikini every weekend during the summer and feel totally fine, but I wasn't cool with this. This bathing suit wasn't like the others: It wasn't safe because it wasn't what everyone else wears. I see hot girls like Kylie Jenner and Tash Oakely posing on Instagram in bathing suits almost every other day. They own it and look hot. I was convinced that I would look disappointing. @sir_neave @monicarosestyle @joycebonelliA post shared by  Kylie ♥️ (@kyliejenner) on May 23, 2015 at 1:17pm PDT Spa bound @mondayswimwearA post shared by  Natasha Oakley (@tashoakley) on Jul 1, 2015 at 7:56am PDTBut I was pleasantly surprised by what I saw in the mirror. My legs actually looked long. The suit cut in all the right places and highlighted my waist. I had this incredible sideboob action going on. The bathing suit didn't become less sexy as I'd feared, and actually, I looked like dayum. So I agreed to wear it for a day over the Fourth of July weekend. (It was a red, white, and blue suit, after all.)On the day of, I looked in the mirror and I thought, I can do this. I had a tan from the previous day at the beach, and I was still surprised by how flattering the suit looked on me. I walked downstairs to greet my family in it, unsure of their reactions. My mom said, "Oh, wow! You look like you should be in Baywatch!" (Moms <3). My boyfriend said I looked hot, and my 3-year-old niece pointed to my butt, laughed, and said, "Danielle, your tush is out!" When no one in my family really made a big deal out of it, I felt ready to leave the house and show it off. Plus, I was in a beach town where everyone's always in swimwear anyway. It was going to be great!Wearing shorts over the bathing suit, I went to the usual Starbucks I go to when I'm at the beach. I'd gone to this Starbucks plenty of times before wearing just a swimsuit and a cover-up, so I figured the Firebird wouldn't be a big deal.It was actually a huge deal. As soon as I walked in, I got dirty looks from every direction. Ten-year-old girls were pointing their fingers and whispering about me. One woman muttered under her breath as she stared at me as if I were worth nothing.I could feel myself turning red. It was as if I had committed a crime, and I was being punished for it with stares and whispers.What was the issue? I looked sexy. I looked exactly how every woman is pressured to look based on standards for women set by society and Hollywood. Every time I walk past a Victoria's Secret or a new editorial spread comes out featuring a half-naked celebrity looking flawless, I feel like the only acceptable way to look as a woman is to be sexy as hell. Here I was, finally doing it, and instead of everyone being all, "Work it, girl! Good for you!" I was getting stares and whispers that made me feel worthless. I left Starbucks in shock. I had learned how harsh society—one that demands that women be sexy—could be when a woman actually dresses sexually.If I was going to wear a sexy-as-hell bathing suit, I might as well take some sexy-as-hell pictures. Regardless of feeling completely shamed at Starbucks, I felt confident in my physical appearance. I looked good, but I still felt conflicted about admitting that. The nagging problem was that I looked sexy, maybe too sexy. 🇺🇸🇺🇸A post shared by  Danielle Tullo (@danielletullo) on Jul 5, 2015 at 9:41am PDTBut during my backyard photo shoot, I felt like I was finally releasing the inner hot girl I'd always wanted to be but was too afraid to show. I'd never wanted to come off as too "forward," or "slutty." For as long as I can remember, I've been dressing for everyone else and not myself. Or at least, not just myself. I have society in mind when I pick out my outfit in the morning, and I don't think I'm the only one. But when I was in my Kylie Jenner Instagram world, I was doing it for myself and I felt fearless. All those labels were merely that: labels. They weren't—aren't—real. I was having fun and embracing my body for what it was. I never knew that I could take sexy, fun photos that I've seen on Instagram and then felt shitty about. All those times I thought I couldn't be sexy like Kylie were bullshit. I could be sexy. I wasn't sure how people would respond to the photo when I put it on Instagram because of how different it was from what I usually post. I usually get 300 to 400 likes on my photos, but this time, I got a little over 200. To my surprise, my female followers who typically like what I post didn't double-tap this one. It was like I was getting the silent treatment from other women. The likes I did get were from guys I went to high school with and even some guys from middle school. It was a digital version of how I felt at Starbucks. I finally posted a sexy Instagram, the kind that everyone is obsessed with when celebrities do it, but I felt shamed for doing that same thing.I headed to the marina to go on a boat ride, taking a golf cart from my house. I was wearing shorts over the Firebird, but I still turned quite a few heads from the back of the cart, which faced oncoming traffic. I could tell there were some conversations in cars about me.At the marina, I had to walk across the dock to get to the boat and there were a few people thrown off by my outfit. I wear a bikini there every weekend, but this was so insanely different. Why was everyone so afraid of fishnet? This was the question in my head all day. When we got on the boat, I was slightly uncomfortable because I was doing the typical things I do to help with family to get the boat out of the dock. My nipples kept popping out, and bending down in the suit was nerve-racking. I ended up wrapping a towel around myself in order to prevent everyone from getting a free show. It's not the most comfortable bathing suit to wear if you're moving around (Great for standing still and taking pictures though!). Once we were on the water, I felt comfortable and actually pretty cool. I felt like a celebrity (and I kind of was—LeAnn Rimes had the same idea!). Plus, the people on the boat were people who didn't mind my outfit.  Firebird Fourth #4thofjuly @theminimaleanimale #boatlife #allsmiles @oneteaspoon_A post shared by  LeAnn Rimes Cibrian (@leannrimes) on Jul 4, 2015 at 7:30pm PDTSince the Firebird made me feel sexy, it also made me feel cool. I'm typically a very talkative person, but not that day. I was quiet and posing to show off how cool I looked. I felt like I was modeling. I didn't want to talk; I just wanted to embrace what I was wearing and make people look at me like a complete badass.No one paid attention to me. I didn't feel weird or shamed. Everyone was in a bathing suit, and so was I.After an exhausting day of feeling sexy, judged, and ashamed, I decided it was time to change out of my bathing suit and into one of my "normal" bikinis. Technically, I was the most exposed I had been all day, yet I felt the most comfortable because no one made anything of it. I walked downtown, I rode on a golf cart, and no one did a double take. I blended in again. I felt relief that I was no longer the center of attention and that I didn't have to watch out for any more nip slips, but I missed the way the Firebird had made me feel.Here are some parting words from the former cute girl: Everyone wants to be sexy but no one feels empowered to wear sexy things. Why are we afraid? How come Kim Kardashian and Beyoncé get hundreds of thousands likes on their Instagram posts when they're embracing their bodies? We all want to be as hot as Hollywood, but if you aren't in Hollywood, you're shamed when you look sexy. I know because I was shamed.I also know what sexy is now, and I'm not afraid of it. Being sexy is showing off all the awesome features you have. If you don't think you're sexy, it's because you haven't allowed yourself to be — yet. You can absolutely do what Kylie Jenner and Kim Kardashian do, if that's what you want. You're going to turn some heads but you'll realize that you do look good and you are sexy and there's not a damn thing wrong with that.Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.From: Cosmopolitan US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Your favorite kind of nostalgia—right this way. This is a modal window.Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window.End of dialog window.Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Beaches and sand don't usually scream "more jewelry!", but these pieces might just change your mind.  Beaches and sand don't usually scream "more jewelry!", but these pieces might just change your mind. The perfect little Mediterranean accent to add to your beachy look.Amrapali 18K Gold Enamel Bracelet, $805BUY IT: netaporter.com.Give new definition to sporty-chic. Tara Hirshberg Surf Pendant, $1,350BUY IT: tarahirshberg.com.The classy way to wear shells. Irene Neuwirth One of a Kind Opal Necklace, price upon requestBUY IT: ireneneuwirth.com.The days of losing your precious jewelry at the beach are over. Whether taking a dip or braving the winds, this huggie will hug your ear so tight, you won't have a worry in the world. Maria Tash Single Huggie Earring, $410BUY IT: mariatash.com.This iconic cuff reminds the wearer to aways spread 'Bonheur'—happiness and luck—and who doesn't want that on their beach getaway?Marlo Laz Je Porte Bonheur Cuff, $3,160BUY IT: marlolaz.com.Designed by Leandra Medine (behind the beloved Man Repeller), this one-of-a-kind charm necklace combines stones with diamonds. You know what they say, diamonds (and any beach) are a girl's best friend. Three Beach Stone Charm Necklace, $4,660BUY IT: cvc-stones.com.Take some tropical with you wherever you go. Dezso by Sara Beltran La Palmera Grande Charm, $2,850BUY IT: dezsosara.com.According to the tradition, you tie the bracelet around your wrist and when it falls off, the wish you made comes true. *Wishes for a villa in the South of France*With Love Darling Wish Bracelet, $40BUY IT: withlovedarling.com.Do you hear what we hear? (Hint: It's the ocean.) Pascale Monvoisin Shell Earring, $582BUY IT: twistonline.com.Turquoise and white diamonds mimic the water and crests of waves. Marc Alary Arte Ring, $3,900BUY IT: marcalary.com.Capture the sun (and a few stares) with these beautiful hoops. Mateo Back to Basic Hoop, $495BUY IT: mateonewyork.com.Shark's-tooth-inspired jewels = perfect beach accessories. Aurelie Bidermann Set, $240BUY IT: aureliebidermann.com.A peace sign ring for the (beach) lover. Jacquie Aiche Tiger's Eye Ring, $3,190BUY IT: jacquieaiche.com.Add a little more shimmer to sun-kissed skin.LANA Long Necklace, $895BUY IT: lanajewelry.com.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Sick painting of dogs playing poker, my dude.In the hierarchy of annoying *fashion* things, getting to say "It's vintage" when someone asks where your jacket is from falls somewhere between getting to say "It's Comme des Garçons" and "It's Acne." But while any of those phrases might get you punched in the nose, the first one, in contrast, suggests you worked for it, and not just in a grinding-at-my-job-and-eating-canned-goods sort of way. Thrifting is an art. It is war. And it is inexact science we will humbly try to elucidate below using some photos of Jenny Walton, because she seems to be really great at it.   The prairie can't even handle me rn 💅🏻🐄🌾A post shared by  Jenny Walton | New York (@jennymwalton) on Jul 31, 2016 at 11:56am PDTWhile some of the most precious items are gotten simply by declaring that you "want the weirdest thing in here" and sticking your hand in a T-shirt rack (true story), it is far smarter to go in with a plan. Otherwise, your head will be turned by so many folderols and gewgaws, you'll leave with nothing at all. You don't have to get as specific as "bakelite bracelets produced in the southernmost region of Pennsylvania between September and October 1983," but it's helpful to keep a running Notes entry to reference so you don't forget that you're still on the hunt for the perfect workman's jacket as you look at what the universe has to offer to you that day.   Exploring Brickell City Center in Miami and devouring dinner at Tacology with @jennymwalton in her $90 outfit that looks like a million bucks!A post shared by  Scott Schuman (@thesartorialist) on Apr 12, 2017 at 3:35pm PDTBecause it is easy enough to wind up carting a wheelbarrow full of thrifted stuff home without bankrupting yourself, a budget works two-fold: 1) it keeps you from bankrupting yourself, and 2) it keeps you from wheeling too big a load of junk into your house/onto your floor. Altogether, thrifting is still far better for the environment and your finances than buying new, but even $5 T-shirts add up—as do regrets.  The dream is to befriend the staff at your faves so you can gain access to the inner sanctum with all the best stuff—I have been told this is false, but that's what they *would* say—but even before that, a pleasant demeanor can earn you primo intel, such as what days new merch comes in, or whether you can put in a request for something specific for the store to source for you. Helps with the haggling bit, too, if you're bold enough.   @thesartorialist 💕 (the vintage dress I found the other day in Florence).A post shared by  Jenny Walton | New York (@jennymwalton) on Jun 20, 2016 at 8:08am PDT"The Randomer the Place, the Higher the Potential for Good Shit: A Theory." Maybe because you're trying harder to find something, anything to take home. Maybe because this weird little town has a high population of childless country club doyennes with no relatives to pass their Chanel couture suits onto. Score! Either way, keep an open mind, because you never know what's out there, even in the middle of nowhere.  IRL is always better so you can try it on and inspect it for damage that could a few bucks knocked off the price, but on the World Wide Web, nobody knows you're a dog there's so much inventory available for the cost of shipping. From swap.com., the world's largest online consignment and thrift shop, to the most specific etsy.com search, it's all out there for the taking—if you do the following...   Jenny never a buys outfits, she buys items in hopes that sooner or (usually) later somehow they will work their way into a cohesive look.A post shared by  Scott Schuman (@thesartorialist) on Feb 24, 2017 at 2:29am PSTBoth during the physical act of searching—that's why it's a great hungover-Sunday activity—and the longer game of incorporating a new-old tweed blazer might fit into the grander scheme of your style, like a Scarlett Johansson movie in which her consciousness transcends her corporeal form and it looks like a glittery nebula floating around. Or the Zach Galifianakis math meme. Just like that. The standard fashion advice might be to avoid buying anything before you've come up with three different ways to wear it, but we say if you're drawn to it, throw caution to the wind, and let your brain take over. You is smart, after all. Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Sheer, transparent, see-through, barely-there, etc. This is a modal window.Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window.End of dialog window.Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Like trying to pick a favorite child/pizza topping. Not that she would ever write this on the hastily assembled Facebook invite for her thrown-together birthday party, but Jennifer Lawrence's presence truly is a present (HBD, by the way). Ahead, see her 30 best looks of all time, whether they've been tripped in or not. In Calvin Klein Collection at the 83rd Annual Academy AwardsIn Prabal Gurung at the L.A. premiere of The Hunger GamesIn Marchesa at the Berlin premiere of The Hunger GamesIn Christian Dior at the 85th Annual Academy AwardsIn Calvin Klein at the 2013 Vanity Fair Oscar PartyIn Christian Dior at the Met Gala debut of the Punk: Chaos to Couture exhibitIn Christian Dior couture at the premiere of The Hunger Games: Catching Fire during the Rome Film FestivalIn Christian Dior couture at the Paris premiere of The Hunger Games: Catching Fire In Christian Dior at the Los Angeles premiere of The Hunger Games: Catching FireIn Christian Dior at the Academy AwardsIn Tom Ford at the Vanity Fair Oscar PartyIn Christian Dior at The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part 1 world premiereIn custom Mugler at The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part 1 world premiere after-partyIn Christian Dior couture at The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part 1 premiere in Los AngelesIn Christian Dior at the U.K. premiere of The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part 1In Ralph Lauren at the Madrid premiere of The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part 1In Christian Dior couture at the L.A. premiere of The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part 1In Christian Dior couture at the L.A. premiere of The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part 1In Christian Dior couture at the Paris premiere of The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part 1In Christian Dior at the New York premiere of Joy In Christian Dior at the 73rd Annual Golden Globe Awards In Stella McCartney at the 88th Annual Academy Awards nominee luncheon In Christian Dior at the 88th Annual Academy AwardsIn Alexander Wang at the 2016 Vanity Fair Oscar PartyIn Christian Dior couture at a fan screening of X-Men Apocalypse in LondonIn Elie Saab at the 2016 AMD British Academy Britannia AwardsIn Christian Dior at the Passengers photo call in ParisIn Proenza Schouler at a photo call in London for PassengersIn Christian Dior at the premiere of PassengersIn Christian Dior at the Dior show during Paris Fashion Week		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Because that whole pencil-skirt-and-heels shtick is a *liiiiiittle* unrealistic.We've all seen the admittedly gorgeous looks some stars parade through the airport in—a pencil skirt, sky-high heels, the requisite shades. But let's be real: Who wants to travel in that? Here, a whole slew of celebs wearing chic outfits you can actually get around in.A great compromise between comfy and letting everyone know you're a streetwear god.Heron Preston T-shirt, $256; Heron Preston sweatpants, $307BUY IT: heronpreston.com; heronpreston.com.When your clothes are really just the backdrop for one long Supreme x Louis Vuitton flex.Nothing creates climate confusion like taking a flight to/from a tropical locale, but a vacation hat with your sweater and jeans strikes the right mood. Sweatsuit, but make it fashion with a cap and those white Cobain sunglasses that just won't go away. Sweatsuit, but make it satin.Velour sweatsuit, but make it Rodarte. Rodarte, $295BUY IT: therealreal.com.The most classic outfit can feel super chic when you put some thought into the color palette. Those track pants. That editor drape. Ace. You can't order tomato juice, but you can look super fresh coming and going. You know what? Go for the slides and socks. Meanwhile, a punchy coat makes it so that whatever you wear underneath doesn't matter at all. (Outside the security line, that is.) 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			For when you need to run out for a minute to get supplies for not leaving bed again.Even though the expectation is that they're always "on," celebrities are real people too, who must sometimes walk their dogs or put on the nearest available pants to buy toilet paper. For those occasions, they rely on their most relatable outfits, which you can keep clicking to see. As far as trackies go, this one looks to be of good quality, with no condiment drips in sight. Which is more than we can say for lots of people. Great slides. Hi, I'm Sansa Stark. My talents include scheming and looking gorgeous after flights, even when I am just wearing leggings and a tank top. A very attainable look from one of the world's most famous fashion bloggers. OMG, you can see her face. But also, great color coordination. "Casual" is relative. Would you expect anything less than heels, though? Where can I get these? I know where you can get the sweatshirt.The Weeknd, $78BUY IT: theweeknd.com.Us, down to the charger in hand.Some (French) people just have it. Can't go wrong with all black.But on the flip side, you can't go wrong with a pink, rhinestone-bow-embellished Gucci sweatshirt either.Gucci, $1,500BUY IT: neimanmarcus.com.Nice to see another famous person struggling with their own bags at the airport.Utility vest = more pockets = more places to put the important stuff so you don't have a low-key heart attack when your passport slides down to the bottom of your bag. Do you think they plan out their outfits? Probably. "21 22 Times Celebrities Took Ripped Denim Too Far."Proof that loafers instantly make you look a bit more put-together, though not sure if this would work with an animal onesie. Will report back. Dressed-down doesn't have to mean you didn't think about your colors. We said Bermuda shorts were back in 2015, and we were right.Major respect to people who have the forethought of taking their contacts out in the airport bathroom instead of putting their glasses in their checked luggage/not packing them at all. Girls, don't let frat bros ruin open collared shirts. What I think I look like when I tie a shirt around my hips.No matter how casual, still not as casual as an unnamed individual hypothetically leaning out of bed—but not exiting it—to rummage around for an outfit in the dark. And then wearing it outside. All black everything. Well, almost. You: store-brand bottled water. Me: See above. Rolling up to the airport with just your passport and phone: the dream. Would not personally go with a jumpsuit (for fear of getting topless in strange lavatories) but you do you, Minka Kelly.How you smile knowing that the paparazzi can't use this shot for a worst-dressed list.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			So extra.What is very weird about fashion right now is that while some people still live in fear of being basic, those among us trying hardest to be cool do so by appropriating the instruments of basic-ness. This can be done by wearing T-shirts from heritage brands like the Gap and Fila, styled to simultaneously transcend their intrinsic historical blandness, because you have to be pretty cool to know about the urinal. But at the same time, we have another, less labor-intensive way of demonstrating one's extra-ness: renouncing all shirts that don't come sheer, ruffled, printed, embroidered, cropped, ripped, pre-knotted, fringed, off-the-shoulder, underboob-baring, puff-sleeved, EXTREME VOLUMNIZED, with a soup-to-nuts backstory and standard third-row seating, animal-style, extra hot sauce, hold the pickles, please.Think about it: When was the last time you saw someone in a plain, black or white, non-graphic-printed T-shirt not at the gym nor part of a uniform-dressing program? A) You haven't. B) You have, but it was a dad of the non-cool variety. C) You have, but only because the individual in question chose it as a palate cleanser between channeling Poppy Lissiman and Alessandro Michele's Gucci. What triggered this mini extinction event surrounding the regular shirt? For starters, there are enough very nice tops with windmill sleeves and parachute shoulders out there to make anybody weep like Daisy Buchanan. For a middler, a shirt with its own pulley system is the wardrobe in the drama of celebrity. But outside of what's new and exciting on the market, there's the sense that, at this particular moment, a run-of-the-mill crewneck is not enough—not when it leans closer to the opposite of the collective feeling, which is to turn to individuality, not anonymity in these End Times. There might also be the sense that we're on deadline, as in, when we could all be vaporized by North Korean nuke next Tuesday, will you have regretted not having tried a denim origami-crane by Marques Almeida or another Hanes from the boys' department? It could be less than it. It could be more. Either way, maybe we shouldn't be wondering where all the regular shirts have gone—may we should just be out there enjoying every last one we can get our arms into while we still have the chance. Shop for some friends for the end of the world here.BUY IT: 1. H&M, $50; hm.com. 2. Mango, $50; shop.mango.com. 3. & Other Stories, $60; stories.com. 4. Topshop, $65; topshop.com. 5. Zara, $50; zara.com.Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Your MacBook deserves better than a tote bag.Beyoncé carries hers as a clutch, but we don't advise that unless you and *your* laptop have also got a car-to-curb commute. Until then, browse 12 sturdy styles that were made to protect your MacBook *without* evoking Joseph Gordon-Levitt in 500 Days of Summer sad-nerd vibes.Kind of like that one friend who's a straight-up thug in a small, pretty package, this guy will hold a 13-inch computer, easy.Cuyana, $350BUY IT: cuyana.com.Meshes seamlessly with the happy health goth side of your 2017 aesthetic.Puma, $40BUY IT: urbanoutfitters.com.Also has compartments for your birthday-flavor Balm Dotcom and liter water bottle.Brooks England, $210BUY IT: mrporter.com.Like a Balenciaga puffer for your Air.Adidas Stella Sport, $50BUY IT: asos.com.Satisfying in an "if you looked 'backpack' up in the dictionary" way. Frank and Oak, $25BUY IT: shopspring.com.So much buttery leather, your computer will feel like it's already in Beyoncé's care.Ectu, $675BUY IT: ectula.com.Very tempted to stick a yardstick out the bottom to form a large popsicle.Battenwear, $155BUY IT: mrporter.com.El Greco, but make it backpack.Baggu, $48BUY IT: needsupply.com.Water-resistant, so you can concentrate on protecting what's really important: your hair. Everlane, $68BUY IT: everlane.com.The Old Faithful of backpacks but in Kermit green. Fjällräven, $75BUY IT: ebags.com.The *OG* Old Faithful of backpacks but with zipper pulls and pockets and more space to write on in Sharpie. JanSport, $50BUY IT: jansport.com.So sophisticated it won't even register as a backpack. Want Les Essentiels, $895BUY IT: wantlesessentiels.com.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Who's ready for a break from technology? 🙋Chances you, you probably definitely spend too much time on your phone and/or tablet and/or laptop (you're reading this on something of the sort right now). And while that's just a fact of life, sometimes it's nice to stop checking emails on 17,000 various gadgets and get back to basics. These 11 streamlined watches are eye-catching in their simplicity. (And tell time just as well as your smartphone.)Inspired by the architecture of the Oslo Opera House, The Classic is exactly what the name suggests. It's sleek and stylish with a perfectly androgynous edge and, explain Linjer founders Jennifer Chong and Roman Khan, it's crafted to be as straightforward as it is tasteful. "There's so much complexity in our digital lives; we just wanted to design a watch to be able to see the time."BUY IT: $249, linjer.com.Who said nautical vibes have to be blue and white? A tiny anchor logo and feminine pink strap create a preppy-cool aesthetic that's wearable with almost anything: Reach for it with jeans and a white tee for brunch with the girls or pair it with an LBD for a big Saturday night out. BUY IT: $159, kapten-son.com.Mirrored accents are EVERYTHING, and your love for shine doesn't have to end at those reflective sunnies you've worn every day since Memorial Day weekend. This timepiece's traditional Kensington silhouette is dressed up with an ultra-glam metallic sheen to keep you feelin' fancy. BUY IT: $175, nixon.com.Daniel Wellington appreciates a good all-white piece (and so do we) but doesn't shy away from mixing it up. The Classic Petite Bondi comes with a white leather strap, but other options made from materials like nylon and mesh are also available if you're in the mood to get a bit more... jazzy.  BUY IT: $169, danielwellington.com.If you work at a desk (or anywhere, for that matter), your daily coffee breaks are *sacred*—and this watch Gets. It. The timepiece is inspired by an industrial espresso machine, so its very design will remind you to take those much-needed moments of solitude. Wear something pretty, get hopped up on caffeine, all in a day's work. BUY IT: $595, brew-watches.com.The ultimate in neutral style, the Beigesounds is part of Swatch's Originals collection that's been available since 1983. With just a subtle pop of orange color on the face, this barely-there timepiece is exactly what you want when you don't want to wear anything at all. BUY IT: $75, swatch.com.Calling all typeface nerds, this Mondaine piece is inspired by—you guessed it—the font Helvetica. And like its namesake, the 38mm brushed steel watch is smooth and timeless with a touch of art deco flair.  BUY IT: $475, mondaine.com.Like a mullet's "Business in the front, party in the back" philosophy, this Timex is all about being sleek in the sunlight and very, very extra in the dark. The unexpected INDIGLO dial lights up at night, which proves to be an incredibly useful feature that's invisible until it's needed. Cool, right? BUY IT: $77, timex.com.The M38 is where millennial pink came to grow up a bit and we here for it. So pastel you can barely see it, the airy face offers a hint of playfulness that's balanced by a traditional silver link strap. BUY IT: $750, uniformwares.com.With a strap for every mood you can imagine, this Danish beauty is your wrist's ally all day, any day. Feeling funky? Grab the silver mesh. Dressing to impress? Go for the mega-chic white leather. Even better, they're super easy to swap in and out with the push of a pin, so you won't spend all morning fumbling.BUY IT: $125, skagen.com.Known for its simple sensibility (the company's designs are rooted in a British aesthetic, so you know it's classy), Larsson & Jennings is an obvious choice for a getting-back-to-basics piece. Springy and fun, the sandblasted pink brass dial and pink leather strap prove monochromatic will always be in.BUY IT: $335, larssonandjennings.com		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			KA Designs said they wanted to "share the beauty of this symbol detached from the hatred associated with it."In yet another "what were they thinking" branding moment, a U.S. clothing company has come under fire after releasing a line of T-shirts featuring swastikas.The clothing brand is called KA Designs and their aim, they say, is to reclaim the symbol as one of "love."Rather than promote Nazi ideology, hate speech, or anti-Semitism, the company—which claims to be based "somewhere in Europe"—launched the incredibly misguided shirts as a way of "taking back" the symbol. In an attempt to explain their mission, the company posted a video on their Facebook page last week explaining the history of the swastika symbol and their aim of changing perceptions. "This is a swastika. It's 5,000 years old. It's a symbol of peace. It's a symbol of love. It's a symbol of luck. It's a symbol of infinity. It's a symbol of life," relays the video. However, during WWII, it was adopted by Adolf Hitler and transformed into a symbol of hate associated primarily with the Third Reich.Unsurprisingly, news of the T-shirts caused outrage on social media.Explaining the decision to use the symbol, the company behind the campaign said they wanted to "share the beauty of this symbol detached from the hatred associated with it."However, the brand refused to apologize for its use of the swastika, adding they "wouldn't care" if the products were bought by "some kind of neo-Nazi."We think the message on our apparel is clear: peace, love and freedom win over hatred, war and prejudice. If some kind of neo-Nazi goes out wearing our shirt, he will raise the same kind of questions and discussions as a communist wearing the same shirt. That's why we don't care about who buys the shirts.Andrew Anglin, editor of the neo-Nazi Daily Stormer site, voiced his support for the company's T-shirts."I want to say that I am in 100 per cent support of the rebranding of the Swastika as a symbol of love," he wrote in an article.Days after publicizing the swastika design, the company replaced the T-shirts with a new "anti-swastika" range of merchandise (a red "ban" sign printed on top of the rainbow swastika), which has been viewed by some as a way of banking on controversial advertising campaigns."It may be that this company wanted the notoriety on social media," Rebecca Battman, head of brand at RBL Brand Agency in Leamington Spa, Warwickshire told the BBC. "But it seems very naive."Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.From: ELLE UK		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Okay Kim, we see you. Roll your eyes all you like, but Kim Kardashian is schooling us all when it comes to street style. The globe-strutting reality star never steps out without immaculate tailoring and head-to-toe styling that hits every trend on the head—no small feat when time is money (and lots of it). Here, find every instance when Kardashian takes to the streets as if it's Paris Fashion Week year-round.Kim rocked a black Gucci pantsuit, foregoing a top underneath, at the 2017 LACMA Art + Film Gala in L.A. Kardashian shows off her curves in a crop top and skin-tight midi skirt at Jimmy Kimmel Live in L.A. Kim spotted in a blazer and shorts in NYC. Kim wears a button-down, shorts, and fanny pack in NYC. Kim seen in a three quarter sleeve crop top with a white midi skirt and fanny pack in NYC. Kardashian rocks a bodycon cut-out dress in NYC.Kim wears a strapless leather dress during NYFW in NYC.Kim bared her midriff while running errands. She picked up food from Stanley's restaurant in L.A.Kim ditched her bra while wearing a mesh tank top during an outing in NYC.Kim wore a sheer bra, blue velvet leggings, and a blazer while out in NYC. Kim sports (pun fully intended) sweatpants, a white cami, and matching white sneakers while walking around NYC. She stepped out in a Chalayan jumpsuit and tall boots for an NBC Universal event with sister Khloé. With color-coordinated entourage in tow, she and North West visited the Museum of Ice Cream, both wearing slip dresses: hers body-con and accessorized with layered necklaces and strappy heels, North's over a black T-shirt. For lunch with Jonathan Cheban, she paired a leather off-the-shoulder top with a leather mini. Nude strappy sandals and those tiny sunglasses (THEY'RE COMING) completed the look. Kim K was spotted on her girls' vacation in Mexico baring her ASSets in a black thong and cropped muscle tee. She flashed the photogs a smile behind a pair of mirrored silver sunnies. All we can say is—dang. Kim spent some quality gal time on the beach in Mexico, donning this incredible bikini from Dior that showed off her we-can't-believe-it curves. She paired the two-piece with oversized gold hoops and a pair of funky shades. For a dinner date with Kanye, she bundled up in a full-length velvet coat, sheer top, trousers, and Yeezy boots.Onstage at the Family Equality Council's Impact Awards at the Beverly Wilshire Hotel in Beverly Hills, California, Kim wore this form-fitting white dress and a lip ring.Leaving a dinner with friends at the Hollywood restaurant Craigs, Kim steps out in this daring pinstripe dress with a black bandeau underneath. She threw on a oversized clack puffy coat and pointed-toe boots to complete the look. For lunch in L.A., she combines a corset top with Yeezy Season 4 sweats, boots, a puffer coat, and an Hermès Kelly bag. Kim heads out to her husband Kanye West's Yeezy show at New York Fashion Week decked head-to-toe in eggplant purple. She heads out for the day in New York city wearing a Jacquemus blazer dress and patent boots.Then, for a Valentine's Day dinner at Carbone with husband Kanye West, she changes into a velvet slit skirt, bandeau, and moto-detail puffer jacket that coordinates with his casual, muted look.After a quick change, Kardashian heads out for the night in satin-finish trousers, cropped cardigan, and puffer jacket worn the fashion-girl way.She arrives at her New York apartment in sweats, Yeezys, and a full-length fur coat.For dinner with sister Kourtney, she wore an all-black tracksuit (fit is key) topped with a beige duster and pointy boots. Kim wore an entirely sheer outfit—a nude tank, sheer striped pants, and nude heels—while heading to dinner with Kourtney in Costa Rica.Engulfed by another oversize plaid shirt, she made her way to a Hollywood studio, also wearing a pair of lace-up Unravel leather leggings from the depths of her closet. Kim stepped out for lunch date with Kanye in Los Angeles wearing ripped jeans and a plaid flannel over a white tee. Her new lip ring was on display, as was a gold necklace and a pair of lace up ankle booties. Kim's off-duty look includes sweats cuffed at the ankle, a low-cut white tank, and a fur coat. She accessorized with thin gold necklaces and a pair of nude lace up booties while out in New York. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Oooh, baby. (Also, crop tops.) The interesting thing about writing this story was that there are so few photos of old-school celebrities out and about while pregnant. But gone are the days of sequestering oneself when expecting a baby (unless you want to)—here, 51 looks that celebrate the miracle of childbirth and dressing really, really well for it.In Tanya Taylor while walking around NYC In Prada at the 2016 OscarsIn Marchesa at the 2016 OscarsIn Tory Burch at the 2015 Vanity Fair Oscars PartyIn Altuzarra at the 2015 Vanity Fair Oscars PartyIn Valentino at the 2015 OscarsAt the 1998 GrammysIn 1991In London in 1981In 1960At a 2017 Grammys partyIn Dior at AFI Fest 2016At an event for Allied in 2016At Cannes in 2016In Atelier Versace at the premiere of Bad Moms in 2016In Stella McCartney at the 2016 Elle Style AwardsIn Elie Saab at the 2014 OscarsIn Emilio Pucci at the 2014 GrammysIn Lorena Sarbu at the 2014 EmmysIn Rachel Roy at the 2013 OscarsIn Marchesa at the 2013 OscarsIn Versace at the premiere of Mud in 2011At the Elton John AIDS Foundation Oscars party in 2012In Carolina Herrera at the 2010 OscarsAt the 2011 MTV VMAsIn Marchesa at the 2008 OscarsIn Escada at the 2007 OscarsIn Chanel at the Venice Film Festival in 2003In Donna Karan at the 2006 Golden GlobesIn 2007		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Boob sweat, be gone!If you're large-chested or getting kinda older like me, the gals don't sit up as high as they used to. Trying to cool down after even a mildly hot shower in the dead of summer means boob sweat is a constant issue. Forget trying to dry your hair and do your makeup in the nude (which many people who lack the luxury of central air conditioning have to do). Sweat. Just. Drips. You end up putting on an in-between bra, continuing to sweat, and having to change again. Enter: the Ta-Ta Towel! Getting a relaxing start to this #weekend in the green reversible #TaTaTowel loungewear.A post shared by  Ta-Ta Towels (@tatatowels) on Jul 28, 2017 at 12:16pm PDTThis genius invention will make you wonder why no one has thought of this before — and how you were getting ready for work, living through nursing, or just existing with sweaty boobs in all scenarios without it.It comes in three sizes (small, medium, and large) and a few different colors. The strap that goes around the back of your neck is also adjustable.But don't take our word for it. Testimonials from their site and Twitter speak volumes. It's sooo comfy, I never want to take it off! I wish I could wear it all day. My boobs have never loved me more! ~Tara  Limited Edition to the Ta-Ta Towel club! Get it now while you still can at, www.tatatowel.comA post shared by  Ta-Ta Towels (@tatatowels) on Jun 5, 2017 at 10:07am PDTI don't even have an issue with boob sweat... I love the Ta-Ta Towel because it's SO comfortable. ~Sonia  I woke up like this...#comfortable that is, in the black reversible #TaTaTowel.A post shared by  Ta-Ta Towels (@tatatowels) on Jul 7, 2017 at 9:19am PDT Whip up a little #breakfast in comfort in the reversible Green/Polkadot #TaTaTowel.A post shared by  Ta-Ta Towels (@tatatowels) on Jul 17, 2017 at 9:35am PDT Stay cool and comfortable #poolside in the reversible floral #TaTaTowel loungewear.A post shared by  Ta-Ta Towels (@tatatowels) on Jul 23, 2017 at 11:22am PDTFair warning: It's pretty pricey for a, uh, towel at $45 a pop and only available for pre-order right now. But we applaud creator Erin Robertson's great idea.[h href='https://www.bustle.com/p/what-are-ta-ta-towels-its-basically-a-hammock-for-your-boobs-74408' target='_blank">bustle.com']Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.From: BestProducts		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Same shock tactic, many wearers.It's glaringly obvious on any red carpet that skin is more in than ever. Here, we celebrate some of the world's most fearless female celebs in all their body-baring glory. (Warning: NSFW!)Jenna Dewan-Tatum wore a plunging v-neck gown with a high slit at the 2017 American Music Awards. Rexha doned a sheer sparkling strapless dress at the 2017 American Music Awards. Kehlani posed in a sheer black dress at the 2017 American Music Awards. Lovato rocked a black strapless Ester Abner gown at the 2017 American Music Awards. Jenna Dewan-Tatum was spotted Monday night at the premiere of Kingsman: The Golden Circle wearing a sheer Zac Posen gown. As they say—business in the front, party in the back.Cara has really taken to the naked dress trend lately—you could almost say it's become her red-carpet uniform. She wore this sheer dress to the premiere of Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets in Mexico City. Cara Delevingne definitely knows how to dress to a theme. The supermodel/actress brought the most fitting sexy, space vibes to the Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets premiere. The supermodel has been shutting down every Cannes red carpet she's been on, and her amFAR gala look is no exception. Hadid wears a custom crystal Ralph & Russo couture gown and a pair of strappy silver René Caovilla heels to match. Fitting that Kendall's Met Gala 2017 dress is made by famed lingerie brand La Perla.This Atelier Versace number at the 2017 Met Gala reminds one of Beyoncé's epic 2015 dress, no? Anthony copped some Beyoncé vibes of her own on the 2017 Met Gala red carpet, courtesy of this now-famous pose. J.Lo wore this Julien Macdonald gown to the Billboard Latin Music Awards, featuring so many cut-outs there's basically more skin than fabric. The Naked Dress vibes are that much stronger thanks to a thigh-high slit.She's no stranger to the naked dress, but this might just be the most naked yet. Kim wore a black mesh dress with a matching jacket to the Balmain show during Paris Fashion Week. The rapper delivered killer curves in a navy blue gown with strategic cut-outs and sheer paneling for some serious side-butt action.Graham served it UP showing off her killer frame in an intricately-beaded charcoal gown and sexy underpinnings.Queen Bey shut down the VMAs red carpet in this Francesco Scognamiglio Fall 2016 look, boasting statement-making plume on top and see-through crystal beaded detail on the bottom. Serving up major boudoir vibes, Kruger attended the Vanity Fair Oscars party in this embellished, lingerie-like burgundy number.Stefani was a red-hot siren due in large part to the strategically-placed petals on this Yanina Couture creation.Lawrence may have arrived late to the Oscars, but she did so fashionably and nakedly in this lacy, see-through, and plume-adorned Dior Couture gown.  Some context: JPS wore this sheer Zuhair Murad gown to a screening of Concussion, which stars her husband Will Smith. No one ever said plus-ones couldn't steal the spotlight. It's not her famed Versace dress per se, but the transparent nature of Lopez's sheer, floral appliqué cape dress was totally reminiscent of her OG naked dress moment.While presenting at the AMAs, Abdul opted for an outfit change that was waaay more risqué, but still elegant: this sheer mermaid gown with floral detail.All eyes were on CiCi at the AMAs, who showed off her robust physique in this artfully embellished, nearly naked Reem Acra gown.Stefani's look took a decidedly dark, yet sultry turn as she showed off her skivvies in this sheer, ruffly number.The Swedish star's corseted lattice work dress may have been lining-free, but she had skin-colored pasties and underwear to sneakily cover her lady bits.The singer stepped out in a BBHMM-green-hued fishnet dress that bared her bikini top and thong.Spears' buff midriff was her best accessory in this golden fringe number. Twig shows off her robust dancer's physique in a see-through Atelier Versace bustier dress.Minaj shows off major cleavage in a sheer, metallic gold dress by Labourjoisie.Teigen left her underpinnings at home in this floor-length, beaded fringe number with sheer panels along the hips.From: ELLE US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			They may not be practical, but you can't deny that they're stylish.Every now and then, a product comes along that you know is wholly unsuitable for your lifestyle, but you happily splurge your entire paycheck on it. However, unlike cream suede loafers that are destined for disaster in the wet weather or skintight leather trousers you know will never be comfortable enough to actually wear, Saint Laurent's latest offering is one that could never be convincingly described as a sensible investment piece.In the latest drop of new-season accessories—which helped to quickly fill up our autumn wish-list, alongside those sparkly boots—the house has created a hybrid of two items that you would never expect to see together: meet the Saint Laurent roller-skate stilettos.  Priced at £1,995, they may not result in the best cost-per-wear of everything in your wardrobe, but will definitely be the most interesting shoes you've ever purchased. Our top tip? Avoid wearing them if you've had a few cocktails.Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.From: Harper's BAZAAR UK		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Sneakers Mom picked out < Gazelles you, a grown woman buy yourself.Aside from the vague hopefulness that stems from knowing you're one step closer to breaking outta there, creating a moodboard and shopping for a new year's aesthetic (just me?) has to be the only good bit about back-to-school. Ahead, 10 grownup fashion buys that replicate that feeling—without the eventual letdown when you realize some people took "never change" literally. Then: The most important decision of the season, to be agonized over for 12 minutes in the backpack aisle (until your mom gets exasperated, so you choke and get one with a lame cartoon character). Now: Buttery leather, a clean shape, and zero turtles trained in martial arts to be seen.Mansur Gavriel, $795BUY IT: openingceremony.com.Then: "But I want the sweater with GREEN GLITTER, MOOOMMMMM." Now: You got it.H&M, $50BUY IT: hm.com.Then: No heels until you're, like, 35. They'll affect your development. Now: Should've listened ("I want to be 5'10" like Cindy Crawford"), but it's too late now, so I'm wearing these monochromatic mules.Finery, $145BUY IT: finerylondon.com.Then: New prescription, new owlish glasses. Now: Contacts and life through rose-colored Hello Kitty sunglasses.Hello Kitty x Crap Eyewear, $76BUY IT: crapeyewear.com.Then: Probably something really cute, actually. Children's outerwear is so much nicer. Now: So go geriatric with a waxed trench. Menocore's where it's at.Mango, $150BUY IT: shop.mango.com.Then: Hard plastic pencil case you poured Elmer's glue onto for bookmarks. Now: A zip-around wallet for carrying the *real* supplies (card, cash, ID, single-serve Wet Wipe in case of ribs). Cuyana, $110BUY IT: cuyana.com.Then: Adidas Gazelles but black. Now: Royal blue. Adidas, $90BUY IT: barneys.com.Then: The friendship bracelet Kristin wove for you at camp, even though three days after, she named Molly her new best friend. Now: Geometric drop earrings and a bit more maturity. (But still—f*ck you, Kristin.)  Surface Handmade, $78BUY IT: needsupply.com.Then: Whatever jeans would fit you for the 2 seconds between growth spurts. Now: Silver trousers that'd get you roasted all the way to hell back then but mad compliments now.Topshop, $100BUY IT: us.topshop.com.Then: Death before plain primary-colored notebooks. Now: Some things never change.Paul Smith, $30BUY IT: mrporter.com.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Bella, you might have another sister out there.If you, like us,  make a habit of finding your friends' dopplegängers at parties, listen up—we've just come across a model who looks identical to Gigi Hadid.No, seriously. Netherland-based model and blogger Iza IJzerman (who has posed for the likes of swimwear line Alpine Butterfly) looks like she could've stepped out of one of Gigi's Fendi or Versace campaigns, given her plump lips, long blonde hair, large eyes and button nose, similar to the New York-based catwalk star. Given the fact Gigi is half Dutch (her mother Yolanda is from the Dutch town of Papendrecht)—and she and Iza are the same age—we're slightly suspicious a Parent Trap-like situation could be going on here, given their similarities.However, according to Refinery29—who spotted the model on plus-size swimwear line Alpine Butterfly's Instagram—this isn't the first time Iza has been compared to the Californian beauty."The first time someone mentioned it was on Instagram," she said. "When I signed with MiLK, they posted a picture with the caption 'The new curvy Gigi Hadid,' so that's the moment I realized it might be true!"However, Iza is unconvinced she looks like Zayn Malik's girlfriend. "I think I look more like Bella," she admitted.What do you think?Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.From: ELLE UK		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You're so extra, America.Glitter boobs or wellies that get sucked into a mud reservoir? Rain slickers or more bare butts than you've ever seen in one place? Ahead, see the subtle (and less so) differences between festival style domestic and international.Home sweet home—if home had even fewer pants on than normal. As one of the ritziest, photo-heavy festivals on the circuit, attendees wild out with "look at me" outfits that still have to withstand that desert dust that gets *everywhere.* Some perennial faves: sheer, bare bums, braids galore, and, as always, fringe. As you continue, you'll perhaps notice that we're not so different, after all—at least in terms of dressing to listen to live music amongst massive crowds while drinking lukewarm $16 cocktails. The Brazilian edition of Lolla, held in São Paulo, skews a bit more chill than some other gatherings, with an emphasis on comfort and headwear.Across the Atlantic in Barcelona, you've got the festival with the most massive lineup—Arcade Fire, The XX, Frank Ocean—you might not have heard of before. But while the acts are heavy, the style here is more understated, perhaps because of the urban-seafront setting. Now onto the grandaddy of them all, where you have to coexist (read: camp; read: share toilet facilities) with hundreds of thousands of other people while still attempting to look cute, possibly without the aid of a proper shower and definitely with the addition of lots of mud. It apparently can be done, however, provided you bring the right footwear and something Hunter and/or Barbour (because this is England, duh). It also helps to be famous enough to have an RV, of course. A quick detour back to  California to illustrate the range in vibes even between domestic events. To watch Beyoncé and Solange watch Missy Elliott, festival-goers went for camera-ready, fully coordinated lewks—check out the squads ahead—true to La La Land form. And...now back to the other side of the world for Australia's Splendour in the Grass, which hosted acts like LCD Soundsystem, Haim, and Father John Misty this year. As you will again realize, some things are truly universal, such as fishnets and chokers and wanting to look cool for the pics. However, you can detect a special sort of Aussie polish here, with an appreciation for cleaner silhouettes than elsewhere. And that brings us back to New York for Panorama. Though the fledgling festival is only in its second year, there was nothing amateurish about the stylish, streetwear-leaning crowd. Think less suede, more Stussy.  		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Yes, there's more than one.Have you recently spotted an errant Tumblr youth with a fanny pack slung across his chest? Have you surprised yourself by thinking "Hey, that doesn't look half bad?" If yes, you might be coming around to the idea of the bum bag, as these 10 celebrities already have. Make up your mind once and for all by clicking through the photos ahead. This is the Tumblr-youth uniform we spoke of, basically, with the titular accessory worn cross-body. Your belongings would be extremely secure—especially if your jacket is worn over the bag—but can anyone confirm this is actually comfortable? Here, we move up a degree of dressiness with the striped suit and slicked-down hair. Works.Also works with pleated evening co-ords, though a vinyl fanny pack you got as a freebie might not cut the mustard. Shop similar: Gucci, $1,050BUY IT: net-a-porter.com.Interesting how, despite its name, nobody's actually wearing it on her bum, probably because moms (and the MTA) are always like "Keep your bag where you can see it. Also, if I see it's a centimeter unzipped, I will shame you." You have to admit the hands-free aspect is very intriguing, even for situations in which you do not need to flail wildly to music. Such as poolside, in a cabana. (Swimsuit designers still haven't figured out the bikini pocket thing, sigh.) Shop similar: Louis Vuitton, $795BUY IT: therealreal.com.Bold move fanny-packing it at Chanel, but actress Juliette Maillot's provides a nice "pop," as the fashion folk are trying not to say anymore. Mom jeans, mom bag. Let's Socratic Method blogger Doina Ciobanu's "velvet, three ways" look, with the jumpsuit, boots, and bag, which kind of resembles a jewelry pouch strapped around her waist. Yes? No? Discuss. OMG, Dwayne Wade. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			;)Let us be clear that every bod, even one that never left winter mode, is always ready for the beach. But for your own comfort—rather than anybody else's—you might like a swimsuit with a bit more coverage or smoothing technology than a string bikini. Totally fair. Here, the 23 best-ever maillots and two-pieces for any body.Wide straps balance out a plunge front so you still get the bareness of a dental-floss top without the dread. Zimmermann, $295BUY IT: net-a-porter.com.That high-cut '80s bottom might seem daunting, but it can be very lengthening when it gets *just* close enough to front-thong territory.Triangl, $79BUY IT: triangl.com.Smocking = highly adjustable = molds to the shape of you. Tory Burch, $230BUY IT: net-a-porter.com.What a wrap dress does for your figure on dry land, this eye-catching color-blocked suit will do on other dry land that's near water.Solid and Striped, $160BUY IT: net-a-porter.com.Smells like Cancun, 2009. Wears like a much more well-made crochet set (thicker textures = great for camouflage). She Made Me top, $175; bottoms, $210BUY IT: shopshemademe.com; shopshemademe.com.Basically, with the single sleeve and crisscross bands, this is visual napalm. Meaning all-around shock and awe.  Jade Swim, $245BUY IT: modaoperandi.com.A one-piece doesn't have to scream "Mom, can you come pick me up from swim practice?" Eberjey, $170BUY IT: net-a-porter.com.An exposed underwire and shoulder ties combine to make the ultimate pulley system for your belle poitrine. Araks top, $175; bottoms; $140.BUY IT: araks.com; araks.com.Some confidence and maybe a friend to help with the racy lace-up back are all you need. Perfect Peach, $189BUY IT: perfectpeachswim.com.An asymmetrical neckline distracts the eye (and pulls double-duty as a bodysuit for a night out). Mikoh, $218BUY IT: shop.mikoh.com.Even with larger busts, the bandeau top will make your friends go "I like what you've done" (true story), while the high waist safeguards against any real or perceived tummy issues. Ward Whillas top, $160; bottoms, $170BUY IT: wardwhillas.com; wardwhillas.com.A shock-and-awe shade of tangerine compensates for practically anything. Proenza Schouler, $340BUY IT: mytheresa.com.By a designer who hails from Saint Laurent and Givenchy, this combo creates the effect of a porpoise-smooth, contoured figure. Phylyda top, $123; bottoms, $179BUY IT: phylyda.com; phylyda.com.Your jaw might be on the floor right now, but wait a minute—the briefs' high straps emphasize the shape of your hips. Although few will get past that top and its cantilevering ties.Valimare top, $110; bottoms, $110BUY IT: valimare.com; valimare.com.Another eye-catching asymmetrical neckline, but wrapped up with a bow. Marysia, $350BUY IT: marysiaswim.com.The square neck fits like a frame for your...frame; the sharply cut bottoms employ the philosophy of "sometimes showing more skin looks better, even when you think you aren't ready."Matteau top, $120; bottoms, $120BUY IT: matteau-swim.com; matteau-swim.com.You know the name La Perla for their miraculous lingerie, so why shouldn't they make equally, shall we say, uplifting swimwear? La Perla top, $740; bottoms, $485BUY IT: laperla.com; laperla.com.With a low back and spaghetti straps, this is why they invented the "Who is she?" meme. Jade Swim, $220BUY IT: jadeswim.com.Hit 'em with a special strapless neckline and a tropical print.Fleur du Mal, $245BUY IT: fleurdumal.com.Especially useful if your left side was always the only one with any better ab definition.Flagpole Swim, $385BUY IT: flagpolenyc.com.Recalls Richard Simmons in an epic way. Beth Richards, $250BUY IT: mytheresa.com.How smart is this convertible set? The top is boned for support, and the bottoms fold over for when you've de-bloated. Eres + Véronique Leroy Mark, $485BUY IT: net-a-porter.com.Sportif styling for pretending you've been within spitting distance of a stationary bike since last year. Acacia top, $112; bottoms, $104BUY IT: shop.itsnowcool.com; shop.itsnowcool.com.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			F—k the rules.ICYMI, the "no white after Labor Day" rule comes from some fancy ladies acting like they were trying to get written up in an 1800s version of Petty Party. But they're all dead now, and fashion has evolved beyond their recognition, so we can do whatever TF we want. Here, 10 white (hot) items to wear whenever you damn well please.You can't really wear a jacket on top with those ruffles protruding from your shoulders, but you could def do a turtleneck underneath. Mango, $25BUY IT: shop.mango.com.Like something a cool archaeologist would own (but not bring with her on a dig because these are too valuable to lose amongst some old pottery fragments).Mars, $70BUY IT: marsonline.co.nz.You know how every season you're like "I need to find the perfect crew neck sweater that's not weirdly snug in the torso but loose in the arms instead of the other way around?" This might be it.Aritzia, $110BUY IT: aritzia.com.You gotta for work, but they never said your white shirt couldn't have a funnel neck and asymmetrical opening. Come at me, HR.COS, $99BUY IT: cosstores.com.On the contrary, you don't have to wear a bra, but you will want to with this underwire one so pretty you won't moan about hand-washing it.Lonely, $82BUY IT: lonelylabel.com.Glitter. Hot-rod/wing details. Glitter.Emma Mulholland x Pared, $240BUY IT: paredeyewear.com.Loop it over your wrist for drink handling, convert it to a cross-body for dancing.Parisa Wang, $175BUY IT: parisawang.com.They've got what are called "bishop sleeves" and a lot of other designer-y elements that make it look lots more expensive than $78.Stelen, $78BUY IT: needsupply.com.Into white jeans in the winter, because summer is a state of mind, but wide-leg pants you must put a napkin over are for all seasons.Topshop, $75BUY IT: topshop.com.These '80s-ish slingbacks feel so wrong but also so right. Conflicted. Zara, $60BUY IT: zara.com.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Gotta save some $ for the PSL budget. Fall is clearly the best season for clothes because you're psyched it's getting cool enough to wear more than 5 percent of your wardrobe. (Anyone who disagrees can write me a strongly worded email my spam folder will probably catch.) Below, 10 autumnal pieces to mix into your existing lineup of sweaters and boots. Why did I open this story with a summery bag? Am I nuts? So what if I am? Why am I talking to myself when I should be saying that seasonal anachronism is a styling trick you should be using with your accessories? Front Row Shop, $46BUY IT: frontrowshop.com.Here's a very nice woven sweater to make up for it. The texture is very pleasing and aligns with one of fall's biggest trends.Aritzia, $145BUY IT: aritzia.com.The pleated midi skirt: Still not dead. Get it now in this extra, Gucci-ish pink metallic...H&M, $70BUY IT: hm.com.And wear it with these equally extra slingbacks. Listen up: The kitten heel is back. & Other Stories, $125BUY IT: stories.com.We've not quite returned to the maxi-length, button-down denim skirts of our childhood—close, though—so in the meantime, try this wrap-effect one. Madewell, $90BUY IT: madewell.com.Pop quiz: Remember what we said about the homespun trend? This patchwork jumper should do it—and you don't have to cut any quilt squares yourself. Zara, $50BUY IT: zara.com.For the office, a puffy-shouldered dress in the color of the season.Mango, $60BUY IT: shop.mango.com.Back to school = new sneakers, except you're old now and can get whichever ones you want. You want these Nike Cortezes.Nike, $70BUY IT: urbanoutfitters.com.Tiny sunglasses, DUN DUN DUN. But there are big enough to span the circumference of your eyeballs, even though you're meant to wear them low on the nose for *mystique.* Quay x Kylie, $75BUY IT: quayaustralia.com.Still not over the slick flasher trench, and neither is fashion. This one looks much more expensive than it is. Topshop, $210BUY IT: us.topshop.com.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Did near-misfortune strike twice?After a week of impossibly chic movie premiere style, Cara Delevingne wore one of the most-talked-about dresses of couture fashion week on the red carpet last night.Cast your mind back to the Paris shows earlier this month when Bella Hadid strutted her stuff for one of the sexiest brands on the schedule, Alexandre Vauthier. The model could be seen grappling to hold the dress together in order not to reveal too much. Basically, she was all of us in a wrap dress.Last night, Delevingne attended the Paris premiere of Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets wearing the same plunging silver frock by the French label.However, while Hadid spent the duration of the catwalk holding the hem as not to reveal too much, Delevingne opted to have hers fitted much looser and did not appear to suffer from the same problem.Still, both looked sensational in the gown, helping to further cement Vauthier's status as one of the sexiest red carpet dressers of all time. See both looks in detail below. Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.From: Harper's BAZAAR UK		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Going green has never looked so good.While putting together our first-ever sustainability issue, we found some seriously awesome products that won't sacrifice the environment at your expense. These eco-friendly items will have you looking good and feeling even better. Bring out your inner activist and scroll through to shop.Along with natural shell buttons, this jacket is made of 100 percent recycled polyester. Amur, $695BUY IT: amur.com Sustainably-sourced macadamia nut oil can be found in this lightweight foundation. Dr. Hauschka Foundation, $60BUY IT: drhauschka.com.auThis Earth Day, Athleta laid out the goal of making 80% of its clothing with sustainable fibers. Athleta, $79BUY IT: athleta.comAthleta aims to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 50% at stores and headquarters and is investing in innovative water-saving technologies. Athleta, $54BUY IT: athleta.comFor each bamboo-inspired piece sold, John Hardy plants new seedlings (1 million and counting) at the brand's Bali workshop, where every structure is made entirely from low-impact materials. John Hardy, price upon requestBUY IT: johnhardy.comReduce, reuse, and recycle with this tone-correcting moisturizer's packaging.Aveda, $60 BUY IT: aveda.comThese earrings are made from recycled gold and produced in a chemical-free workspace. Baker and Black, $3,200 BUY IT: bakerandblack.comThis bag is handmade by artisans int he Philippines to eliminate polluting machinery and support the local economy. Bea Valdes, $994BUY IT: maison-de-mode.comThe nourishing formula is housed by a 100 percent post-consumer recycled plastic bottle.  Matrix Biolage R.A.W. Nourish Shampoo, $25BUY IT: matrix.comAMUR (short for A Mindful Use of Resources) works exclusively with organic and upcycled fabrics. Amur, $448BUY IT: amur.comRaw pebbles are the centerpieces of CVC Stones' naturally sourced creations. CVC Stones, price upon request BUY IT: cvcstones.comDaniela Villegas' pieces are handcrafted in limited quantities and often incorporate organic materials like feathers and pebbles. Daniela Villegas, price upon request BUY IT: danielavillegas.comBehno is dedicated to empowering India's 90 percent female factory workforce with fair wages and quality healthcare. Behno, $850BUY IT: behno.comThis blush is just one new offering from the famously planet-conscious brand's makeup line.Burt's Bees, $10BUY IT: burtsbees.com.The brand uses only ethically sourced and produced materials to craft footwear like this boot, which also features dried flower petals on its heel. Dear Frances, $550 BUY IT: dearfrances.comThis mini-tote features custom, artisanal handles made of recycled metal. Edun, $690BUY IT: edun.comFor every acre of mining land, the responsibly-sourced-diamond brand donates five to nature conservation. Forevermark, price upon request BUY IT: forevermark.comThe designer creates pieces from "deadstock" (unused) fabric in limited quantities to reduce and recycle. Gabriela Hearst, $1,595 BUY IT: gabrielahearst.comColored-stone producer Gemfields builds community schools, supports local farming cooperatives, and, when finished mining in the area, replants native vegetation extracted and cared for off-site during excavation. Gemfields, price upon requestBUY IT: gemfields.co.ukThis dress is from H&M's conscious collection, which comprises pieces made from eco-friendly materials such as organic cotton and recycled polyester. H&M, $79.99 BUY IT: hm.comThese earrings are made of titanium, a naturally occurring and recyclable metal resistant to corrosion. Jacob & Co, price upon requestBUY IT: jacobandco.comShinola is reinvigorating Detroit's economy by making its watches locally, returning hundreds of manufacturing jobs to the area. Gomelsky by Shinola, $900This boot is vegetable-tanned to cut down on pollution and chemical use. Gabriela Hearst, $895BUY IT: gabrielahearst.comFuture Glory crafts its bags out of discarded leather by-products, then donates a portion of sales to women who have suffered abuse. Future Glory, $375 BUY IT: futureglory.co This swim line uses luxe Italian sustainable techno-fabric and are made locally in Los Angeles. Jade, $150 BUY IT: jadeswim.comAll pieces are locally made in Manhattan to eliminate pollution from overseas shipping and manufacturing. Marlo Laz, $5,000 BUY IT: modaoperandi.comThe nourishing formula is housed by a 100 percent post-consumer recycled plastic bottle. MyChelle Dermaceuticals Perfect C Cleansing Oil, $18BUY IT: mychelle.comThe New York City-based design duo carved these birdcage danglers out of Brazilian tagua nuts. Of Rare Origin, $1,450 BUY IT: modaoperandi.comPrabal Gurung recently introduced cupro, a fiber made of reclaimed cotton waste. Prabal Gurung, $2,195BUY IT: modaoperandi.comPaula Mendoza does all of her material sourcing and manufacturing in her native Colombia to support local artisans. Paula Mendoza, $145BUY IT: paulamendoza.com		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Dolphins and tigers and UNICORNS, of course.Lisa Frank has always been the source for amazing rainbow and unicorn-filled accessories and clothes, and now the brand's linked up with Target for the pajama capsule collection of your teen dreams. The full sleepwear collection comes in a full range of sizes, and vary between two main styles: oversize sleep tees and adorable T-shirt and shorts sets. The prints range from the OG Lisa Frank animal portrait styles—featuring dolphins, tigers, and yes, unicorns—to more "subtle" (for Lisa Frank) prints. The whole collection practically smells like cotton candy and sunshine, and true to form, some pieces are already sold out online. Try your luck with all of the styles below: BUY NOW Women's Lisa Frank Sleep Shirt, Target, $5.90 - $14.99 BUY NOW Women's Plus Size Lisa Frank Sleep Shirt, Target, $16.99BUY NOW Women's Lisa Frank Sleep Shirt, Target, $14.99 BUY NOW Women's Plus Size Lisa Frank Sleep Shirt, Target, $16.99 BUY NOW Women's Lisa Frank Sleep Shirt, Target, $14.99 BUY NOW Women's Plus Size Lisa Frank Sleep Shirt, Target, $16.99 BUY NOW Women's Lisa Frank Tee & Shorts Pajamas Set, Target, $17.99 BUY NOW Women's Plus Size Lisa Frank Tee & Shorts Pajamas Set, $19.99 BUY NOW Women's Lisa Frank Tee & Shorts Pajamas Set, Target, $17.99BUY NOW Women's Plus Size Lisa Frank Tee & Shorts Pajamas Set, $19.99Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.From: Cosmopolitan US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Stumped ya.I don't know about "gender fluidity," but Gigi Hadid has much more successfully blurred the lines between sleep and waking, trotting out several pairs of pajamas in the daytime. But there's a difference between clothes made for snoozing in and those just designed to look that way. Test yourself ahead. Pajamas or chic Palm Beach granny? Pajamas! Morgan Lane, $558BUY IT: morganlane.com.Real PJs or just a great example of trompe l'oeil? One hundred percent, USDA-certified intended to be worn IRL. A similar look from the same designer Christian Dada shown here. Did she tumble out of bed into a Met Gala after-party? (Would not put it past Rihanna, honestly.) Or did she get dressed With Purpose? Purpose (tour). This is Prada Spring 2017 and in my top 10 favorite collections ever, probably. C'mon—you can figure this one out.Prada again, dreams again. When you're out past your bedtime so you dress to turn in immediately once you're home. Or not? Yes—these are Prada, but they're Prada *pajamas.* Which also makes them $2,000.Prada, $2,250BUY IT: net-a-porter.com.Designed for a duvet day? Or a duvet day the Taylor Swift way, where you're literally wrapped in a duvet but in the car on your way to do important things? Technically, both, but collectively, these are classified as a sweatsuit—a cashmere sweatsuit.Olivia van Halle, $1,235BUY IT: net-a-porter.com.Nightie? Or, uh, day-ie? Day-ie. (The leather should've given it away.) BUY IT: Jitrois, $2,288; jitrois.com.PJs or real clothes? (I'm getting tired.) Proper PJs, very subtly printed.Derek Rose, $225BUY IT: derek-rose.com.Rihanna out at 3 a.m., a fact that doesn't help you guess at all.But she's still in her party clothes, the trooper she is. These co-ords are from Fleamadonna, a genius name if we ever heard one.Nightgown? Or a longish dress one wears in the evening? The latter. The Row, $3,990BUY IT:  barneys.com.Who even knows with Kim (but actually her stylist, AKA Kanye)? They're real. But sold out, unfortunately for Ann Demeulemeester fans.We know she's got a thing for onesies, but is this one built for lounging? Nay—raging with your superhero pals. (That's what the print is.) If anybody has tailored pajamas, it would be Rashida Jones. Or Thom Browne.But she doesn't! The shirt and trousers are Erdem—amazing what a sheer cape can do, eh? This was a premiere for her movie Battleship, which is criminally underrated and actually a cinematic gem, if only for the part where she goes "Mahalo" before blowing the aliens to kingdom come. But even with that context, one can never be sure.It's Emilio Pucci, and it's mega. Awww! This was in 2009, so Joan Rivers (RIP) probably slammed her for this, but we're into it. And so were Stefano Gabbana and Domenico Dolce—because they made it.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The all-American brand poaches the British footwear label.Michael Kors is buying Jimmy Choo for £896 million ($1.2 billion), both brands announced Tuesday. Under the deal, each shareholder of the high-end footwear label will receive £2.30 ($3) per share in cash, WWD reports.The acquisition is a response to the decrease in sales for upscale brands, as mall shopping has "declined sharply," reports the New York Times. Though e-commerce sites, fast-fashion brands, and even luxury labels like Gucci continue to thrive, brands in the "accessible luxury market," like Kors, are struggling. The Jimmy Choo deal comes two months after Coach made a similar move by buying Kate Spade for $2.4 billion. Jimmy Choo makes for an interesting pair with Kors, as the former is known for its sky-high stilettos and glam, crystal-embellished designs, while the latter gravitates towards down-to-earth leather goods and ready-to-wear.But Kors thinks they make a good match. The company told WWD it plans to incorporate the "experiences, infrastructure, and capabilities that it has developed over the course of its own worldwide growth as a luxury fashion brand to support the growth of Jimmy Choo through retail store openings and further development of its online presence."Jimmy Choo will continue to function "as it does today" with Pierre Denis as CEO and Sandra Choi as creative director, so don't expect any big changes in the company or its designs. Meanwhile, Kors plans to add an "expanded assortment" of products to its own repertoire. Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.From: Harper's BAZAAR US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			What even are shirts? Kylie Jenner set Twitter on fire Sunday by posting a particularly ~steamy~ selfie in a sheer yellow bralette.  In true Kylie fashion, the mirror pic shows her posing in one of her favorite selfie positions in the lingerie, which she paired with black sweatpants. The post prompted this very apt response from one of Kylie's no. 1 fans: But this isn't the first time Kylie's made her bralette the focus of a picture. At this point, it seems like the concept of a shirt in general is pretty foreign to Kylie. [instagram align='center' id='BVVBXy3gO4w']A post shared by Kylie ♥️ (@kyliejenner) on Nov 22, 2016 at 2:17pm PSTFollow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.From: Cosmopolitan US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Get you a nerd who can do both.It's not just a platform for cosplay and announcing the theme of your show ("Cult," but actually 2016 as a whole)—year over year, Comic-Con is becoming a legit Fashion Event. Here, see the event's best-dressed stars. In Kitx at the Conan press conferenceIn Hudson Jeans at the Kingsman: The Secret Service press conferenceIn Chanel at the Netflix Films: Bright and Death Note panel In Cinq à Sept In Prabal Gurung In Roksanda at the Twin Peaks panelIn Racil at the Game of Thrones autograph signingIn David Koma at the Entertainment Weekly and Marvel After Dark eventIn Stella McCartney In custom Stella McCartney at the Warner Bros. Pictures Justice League presentationDe Armas in Reem Acra and Hoeks in Isabel Marant at the Warner Bros. Pictures Blade Runner 2049 presentation At Entertainment Weekly's Women Who Kick Ass: Icon Edition panel In Styland at the Once Upon A Time press conferenceAt the Gotham press conferenceIn Victoria Beckham at the Stranger Things press conferenceAt the Stranger Things press conferenceAt the Stranger Things press conferenceAt the Gotham press conferenceIn Monse at the Marvel Studios panelAt the Marvel Studios panelIn Elie Saab at the Marvel Studios panelIn Marco de Vincenzo at the Marvel Studios panelIn Rodarte at Entertainment Weekly's annual Comic-Con partyAt Entertainment Weekly's annual Comic Con partyAt Entertainment Weekly's annual Comic Con partyIn Giuseppe di Morabito at Entertainment Weekly's annual Comic Con partyIn Milly at Entertainment Weekly's annual Comic Con partyAt Entertainment Weekly's annual Comic Con partyAt Entertainment Weekly's annual Comic Con partyAt SiriusXM's Entertainment Weekly Radio Channel Broadcasts from Comic Con 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			What are you waiting for?Nordstrom's famous semi-anniversary sale—you know, the same one you hyped your mom about as a teenager—is finally here. Click through to shop our favorite clothes and accessories before they sell out.Loren Hope Glen Statement Earring, $52; Nordstrom.com.Stuart Weitzman Elevated Over the Knee Boot, $500; Nordstrom.com.Trouve Slip Dress, $53; Nordstrom.com.Sole Society Ivan Faux Leather Backpack, $43; Nordstrom.com.Tibi Shirt W Ruff Details, $230; Nordstrom.com.Marc Jacobs Square Vic Bracelet Watch, $166; Nordstrom.com.Mackage Leather Jacket, $470; Nordstrom.com.Chelsea28 Side Ruffle Mixed Media Top, $46; Nordstrom.com.Sam Edelman Rafaella Pointy Toe Ballet Flat, $100; Nordstrom.com.T by Alexander Wang Denim Jacket, $207; Nordstrom.com.Rebecca Taylor SL Kelsey Floral Dress, $234; Nordstrom.com.Veronica Beard Carter Cutaway Jacket, $499; Nordstrom.com.Adidas Superstar Slip On, $56; Nordstrom.com.Equipment Cashmere Pullover, $213; Nordstrom.com.TopShop Culotte Jumpsuit, $53; Nordstrom.com.Marc Jacobs Backpack, $160; Nordstrom.com.Good American Good Legs High Waist Skinny Jeans, $124; Nordstrom.com.Nike Versa Top, $49; Nordstrom.com.Oscar de la Renta Gold Leaf Clip Earrings, $150; Nordstrom.com.Gucci 51mm Gradient Lens Sunglasses, $294; Nordstrom.com.Rag & Bone Matteo Sandal, $300; Nordstrom.com.Cinq A Sept Leena Dress, $397; Nordstrom.com.Reebok Coach Jacket, $47; Nordstrom.com.Madewell Paint-Stripe Transport Tote, $130; Nordstrom.com.Tory Burch Collins Double Wrap Leather Strap Watch, $197; Nordstrom.com.From: ELLE US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			There's a lot happening here, considering there's not much dress to begin with.Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez enjoyed a joint birthday party in Miami on Saturday night, because two times the party equals two times the cake. And that's never not a good thing. A minute for the cake, in fact? It's so pretty: For the party, A-Rod wore a sharp blue suit, and J.Lo found herself quite the freakum dress because wow, this is a serious fashion moment happening. The mostly sheer black mini featured velvet panels, a cutout across the stomach because #abs are happening, and also a flock of birds flying down one sleeve as well as what appear to be two large phoenixes serving as boob cover. Knowing that, really, this look is EVERYTHING already, she accessorized with simple hoop earrings, black heels, and a silver clutch.Would you like to see J.Lo twerk it up a lil' bit in said dress? Yes, yes you would: But okay, there was also some old school classics on the dancefloor:Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.From: Cosmopolitan US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I dare you!Nike's millennial pink collection is here and it is completely blush-tastic. Shoes, tanks, water bottles, sports bras—now your workout can be as pink as that one wall in L.A. or those pink restaurants that pop up in your Instagram feed more often than avocado toast. Mmmmm, avocado toast.Pink Sneaker, NIKE, $140BUY NOWPink Tank, NIKE, $55BUY NOWPink Sleeveless Top, NIKE, $40BUY NOWPink Sneaker, NIKE, $105BUY NOWPink Plus-Size Mesh-Back Sleeveless Top, NIKE, $30BUY NOWPink Sports Bra, NIKE, $30BUY NOWPink Long-Sleeve T-Shirt, NIKE, $60BUY NOWPink Sneaker, NIKE, $120BUY NOWPink Mesh Tank, NIKE, $50BUY NOWPink Logo Cropped Sweatshirt, NIKE, $65BUY NOWPink Open-Back T-Shirt, NIKE, $55BUY NOWPink Sneaker, NIKE, $100BUY NOWPink Half-Sleeve Top, NIKE, $35BUY NOWPink Tennis Skirt, NIKE, $50BUY NOWPink Tennis Tank, NIKE, $45BUY NOWPink and Black Sneaker, NIKE, $160BUY NOWPink Tennis Skirt, NIKE, $65BUY NOWPink Tank Top, NIKE, $45BUY NOWPink Cap, NIKE, $24BUY NOWPink Tank, NIKE, $35BUY NOWPink Water Bottle, NIKE, $16BUY NOWFrom: Cosmopolitan US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			These looks sealed the deal.What makes a great job interview outfit? Step one: It has to fit well—no pulling buttons or skirts hiking up. Step two: It needs to be appropriate for your field. The elusive x-factor, though, comes from creating an ensemble that makes you feel like a powerhouse. And while it's tough to check all those boxes, the great news is you only have to do it a few times. Keeping a dependable, proven interview outfit is like having an up-to-date resume; you're always ready for whatever opportunity comes next.While the Marie Claire offices are pretty casual compared to, say, a law firm, they also demand a certain sense of taste and style. (Read: Finding a look can be panic-inducing.) Here, the digital staff share the outfits that got them their jobs and where you can find the looks."My interview outfit signaled that I understood the Marie Claire brand—that I was a woman who was stylish, professional, and confident. I wore a green vegan leather mini skirt with black tights and a white blouse. "Chic Wish faux leather skirt, $35, chicwish.com; Halston Heritage blouse, $118, theoutnet.com; Falke tights, $43, matchesfashion.com; Stuart Weitzman boots, $685, nordstrom.com"I wore a striped Zara pant/skirt situation. It was kind of like a skort, but longer. I paired it with a black turtleneck. Hey, if it's good enough for Steve Jobs, it's good enough for me."H&M turtleneck, $17, hm.com; Zara striped and floral trousers, $30, zara.com; Loeffler Randall sandals, $325, bloomingdales.com"I wanted to feel confident, but also not overly done up. So I stuck with my formula: A sheath dress, really tall heels, and bright red lipstick. The bold lip is my signature—my boss remembered that about me when I came in for my interview! And really tall heels make me feel like a badass who takes no prisoners; I love that they put me on the eye level of any men I might be shaking hands with."Gianluca Capannolo shift, $340, farfetch.com; Zara sandals, $56, zara.com; MAC lipstick, $17, maccosmetics.com"I wore all of the textures: A sheer black blouse with dark cami underneath, black leather leggings, and a cream fur stole. My shoes were grey suede pumps."Diane Von Furstenberg blouse, $175, net-a-porter.com; Forever 21 faux fur wrap, $7, forever21.com; H&M camisole, $6, hm.com; The Row leather leggings, $1,950, matchesfashion.com; Chinese Laundry grey suede pump, $60, chineselaundry.com"I wore a Marni graphic print top with Madewell black skinny jeans and funky ear jackets. On my feet were Sergio Rossi black suede pumps—I call them my 'interview heels.'"Marni silk top, $260, theoutnet.com; Madewell skinny jeans, $115, madewell.com; Sergio Rossi pumps, $595, fivestoryny.com; Shashi ear jacket, $52, shopbop.com"It was winter, so I wore a grey shift dress that made me look like a presentable adult with black tights and boots. Oh, and really big earrings. They're kind of my thing."French Connection dress, $118, frenchconnection.com; Forever 21 earrings, $5, forever21.com; Rag & Bone booties, $247, bergdorfgoodman.com"I go back to this formula: a boxy jacquard Topshop shirt everybody always assumes is Kenzo; whatever black trousers I most like at the moment (currently cropped and flared); and low, sturdy heels, like a pair of red suede Dorateymur loafers. It's a clean, boyish silhouette that's made subtly fashion-y with the fabrics and cut. Plus it's chill enough that you can wear it out to the bars after if you tank at the interview."Topshop blouse, $60, topshop.com; Michael Michael Kors trousers, $92, farfetch.com; Dorateymur suede loafers, $450, farfetch.com		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Washington may be bailing on the planet, but the fashion industry isn't. These people, from all different industries, all have one thing in common: They're at the forefront of style and sustainability, and want to be part of the solution. They're retrofitting factories and building stores that rely on clean energy and emit less of the carbon contributing to global warming. They're transforming discarded plastics choking our oceans and waterways into jeans and sneakers. They're developing innovations that reduce waste, recycling materials, and leading by the example of their personal choices. Trends in fashion may come and go, but taking care and being mindful of the environment is one trend that defies all seasons. Here, the trailblazers we highlight in our first-ever sustainability issue, on newsstands now.Because he sided with the planet long before it was trendy to do so.PROFESSION: Founder, Patagonia. ECO CRED: Founded in 1973, Patagonia has racked up major firsts in its steady march toward sustainability. First to switch all of its cotton clothing to organic in 1996 (and heavily invest in regenerative agriculture, working with farmers and scientists to develop technologies that rebuild topsoil and capture carbon in the earth for over 20 years). First clothing line to make fleece using recycled bottles. First to pledge 1 percent of annual sales (as an "Earth tax") to grassroots organizations, for upwards of $82 million in grants and in-kind donations to date. OFFICE SPACE: Under Chouinard's stewardship, the company scrupulously measured the eco-impacts of articles of its clothing in The Footprint Chronicles on its website; converted its Ventura, California, headquarters to new solar-powered smart-grid energy systems; started the Worn Wear initiative, which repairs clothes so they can be used longer; and launched a Drive-Less program that rewards employees who carpool, take public transit, or bike, skateboard, etc., to work with a yearly stipend. Last year, staffers drove 798,900 fewer single-driver miles, cutting CO2 emissions by 589,900 pounds and saving 30,400 gallons of fuel.Because family values include renewable energy.PROFESSION: Executive board member, Swarovski. ECO CRED: "We've been using hydropower at our headquarters in the Tyrolean Alps since 1907," says Nadja Swarovski, who heads up the 10-year-old Atelier Swarovski at the Austrian jewelry house that's been in her family for five generations. Today, 70 percent of the water the company uses is recycled—and it has also developed a Waterschool program that has taught nearly half a million children about conservation and sanitation (the most recently opened outpost is on the Mississippi River); introduced technologies like lead-free crystal; and become a principal sponsor of the Copenhagen Fashion Summit, the world's premier fashion-sustainability conference. WHAT'S NEXT: "We're committed to helping the next generation of creatives to find sustainable solutions," she says. To that end, the brand supported the Youth Fashion Summit in May, where students drafted a "fashion resolution" for the company to present this year to the United Nations. Swarovski adds: "We must remember that we're all in this together."Because she makes trash into covetable treasure. PROFESSION: Jewelry designer. ECO CRED: Since switching careers in 2006, the former Goldman Sachs analyst hasmade it her mission to change the perception that luxury and sustainability are mutually exclusive. "Mining enough gold for a simple wedding band produces over 20 tons of waste," Péan explains. So from the start, she's designed with the planet in mind, from using environmentally friendly packaging and printing to working with sustainable materials, including recycled gold and platinum, conflict- and environmental-devastation free precious stones, repurposed diamonds, and fossils. GONE GLOBAL: The designer has worked with artisans from Guatemala, Peru, French Polynesia, and the Arctic Circle to source sustainable materials per fair-trade guidelines and has partnered with the organization charity: water, donating proceeds from the sale of each piece to provide clean drinking water to communities around the world.Because she walks the walk. PROFESSION: Founder, environmental and ethical consulting firm Eco-Age. ECO CRED: Flick through Firth's Instagram feed and you'll see her dressed in recycled, upcycled, vintage, worn-out clothes. Images of a 25-year-old Max Mara coat she spent a year saving up for and an "old Kami Organic jacket you saw me wearing millions of times over the years" make repeat appearances between posts of fast fashion exposés, the Eco-Age team test-driving Tesla's Model X, and articles on the basic right to earn a living wage. (FYI: In her Instagram captions, GOT stands for "Global Organic Textiles," not Game of Thrones.) The eco-evangelist, and wife of actor Colin Firth, has been shopping her closet for major events since 2009, when she started the Green Carpet Challenge: Firth has shown up to the Oscars in a dress reclaimed from the remnants of 11 other garments, and she's stepped out at the Cannes Film Festival in pastel-hued shifts her mother bought in the late 1960s. Her efforts have led to sustainable product standards and the 2015 documentary The True Cost (which she executive-produced).  SUSTAINABLE SWAP: Her new favorite material is Piñatex, an all-natural leather alternative made from pineapple leaves. (Its fibers are the by-product of pineapple harvests in the Philippines, requiring no extra water, pesticides, or fertilizers.) She recently wore a Piñatex ensemble created by the indie Italian designer Laura Strambi.Because he has incorporated sustainability into corporate culture.PROFESSION: Global vice president of social and environmental affairs, Adidas Group. ECO CRED: Adidas is killing it with DryDye (a waterless garment-dyeing technology) and zero-waste fabric innovations like PrimeKnit (making shoe uppers from one piece instead of multiple pieces), and plans to be 99 percent PFC-free this year (PFCs are chemicals potentially hazardous to humans). It partnered with environmental nonprofit Parley for the Oceans, and together they've mastered the art of making shoes from plastics (11 million bottles' worth) recovered from the sea. Another recent initiative: giving 700 families access to clean water with the help of partner SOS Children's Villages in Aleppo, Syria. STORE CREDIT: In 2016, Adidas banned plastic bags in all its stores, a move that eliminates approximately 70 million such bags annually. The company is also rolling out a global product-takeback recycling program, hitting stores in five major cities later this year.Because she is a defender of land and water.PROFESSION: Chief sustainability officer, Tiffany & Co., and chairman, The Tiffany & Co. Foundation. BLUE SKIES: As a kid, the "lifelong lover of water" traveled to her mom's hometown on the Indian coast of the Arabian Sea and saw a shoreline reeling from pollution and environmental devastation. In 2002, Tiffany & Co. cut coral from its jewelry and home collections: "We didn't have any traceability on any of our red and pink coral, so we just stopped. Period," she says. Her favorite color, no surprise, is blue—though she's proud to have turned the iconic robin's-egghued Tiffany box "green"; the company's paper-based packaging contains 89 percent recycled materials. POWER PLAYS: "Anyone can make grants on their own, but there's great power when you come together," says Kamadoli Costa, who's led Tiffany & Co. to lobby against new gold and copper mines being built in places such as Yellowstone National Park and Alaska's Bristol Bay. "When we talked to the local community, scientists, and NGOs in Alaska, we heard resoundingly that they valued the ecosystem and long-term economy of the salmon fishermen more than the money. We felt it was important to speak out, even if we don't mine there." Other battle cries? The brand's highly publicized (and futile) New York Times ad in May, urging President Donald Trump to uphold the Paris Agreement; participation in the Kimberley Process (ending the supply of blood diamonds); and commitment to reach net-zero greenhouse-gas emissions by 2050. STORE CREDIT: Of its 205 U.S. stores, 105 use LED bulbs.Because he believes environmental stewardship is good for business.PROFESSION: Chairman and CEO, Kering. ECO CRED: As head of Kering, the French global luxury group that includes Stella McCartney, Bottega Veneta, Gucci, Alexander McQueen, and Saint Laurent, Pinault has tackled ambitious benchmarks for sourcing and supporting supplier sustainability: He's set on ensuring that traceability of key raw materials reaches 95 percent by next year and aims to halve carbon emissions by 2025. In 2014, the company worked with the Natural Resources Defense Council's Clean by Design program, rolling it out across 24 of its textile mill suppliers. Each mill underwent a resource efficiency audit, and today Kering has implemented more than 150 energy- and water-efficiency improvements, with an average of a 12 percent reduction in CO 2 emissions per textile mill. TRUE LUXURY: "I am convinced that sustainability can redefine the way we do business," he says. "Sustainability is not just a responsibility—it's an opportunity. And it's a powerful driver of innovation, and it's the only way to answer many of the major issues we face in the 21st century. To me, sustainability is inherent to luxury; a luxury product must be perfect in all aspects, and ethically and responsibly produced."photographed by Jeremy BalesBecause he is cleaning up our oceans.PROFESSION: Cofounder, Bionic Yarn.STEM THE TIDE: More than 165 tons of plastic is clogging up our oceans, and without new restrictions and reforms, it's projected that there could be more plastic than fish in our waters by 2050. (At least 8 million tons of plastic ends up in the oceans each year, roughly equivalent to a garbage truck's worth getting dumped every minute.) In 2009, Toussant teamed up with musician Pharrell Williams on a groundbreaking new type of fabric made with recovered plastic—takeout food containers, bags, soda bottles, you name it—pulled from our shores. The threads have been used to create high-performance gear for Moncler, G-Star Raw for the Oceans, and O'Neill, as well as reclaimed evening dresses for H&M's Conscious Exclusive collection. "It's difficult to navigate the world of fashion by putting your actions ahead of your claims," Toussant explains, "but we're constantly trying to build a solid foundation for what we hope becomes the new standard in material production."Because she turned around the practices of a corporate giant.PROFESSION: Chief sustainability officer and vice president of the Innovation Accelerator, Nike Inc. BACKSTORY: Since arriving in 1998, Jones has taken Nike from a brand synonymous with sweatshop scandals and unfair wages to an industry leader in responsible innovation and sustainability. "My journey really began on the back foot," says the English-born Jones about the corporate crisis she inherited. "In hindsight, that was probably one of the greatest gifts we've ever been given." With the brand's reputation at risk, she set an immediate company-wide turnaround into motion: Nike needed to radically transform the way it made shoes. ECO CRED: Under her watch, the Nike team has launched globe-changing technologies like Flyknit (a micro-engineering breakthrough leading to 60 percent waste reduction), has set aggressive targets for 2020 across its entire supply chain, and aims to use 100 percent renewable energy. "Our overall moon shot is to double our business and halve our impact," she explains, adding that 71 percent of the company's apparel and footwear now contains recycled materials. "If we can convince people to buy a product from the planet's perspective, sustainability can become the new normal."Because she has turned her public platform green.PROFESSION: Actress. ECO CRED:A force behind fair-trade brand People Tree and a UN Women Global Goodwill Ambassador, Watson has dedicated herself to conscientious clothing—be it rocking the Met Ball with a monochromatic Calvin Klein five-piece dress made from recycled plastic bottles or wearing exclusively sustainable fashion from Shanghai to Los Angeles during Beauty and the Beast's promo blitz. She chronicles her environmentally friendly red-carpet choices on @The_Press_Tour on Instagram, which has nearly half a million followers.WHAT'S NEXT: The star is making it a point to draw attention to more female designers with her wardrobe, from Stella McCartney and Gabriela Hearst to Filippa K and Dior's Maria Grazia Chiuri. And she recently teamed up with ethical line Zady on a capsule collection of all-natural and nontoxic pieces for the modern working woman.Because she has made eco fashion something to aspire to.PROFESSION: Fashion designer. ECO CRED: Since starting her eponymous non-leather fashion line in 2001, the designer (who grew up in part on an organic farm) has turned sustainable fashion from crunchy to chic. Today, 53 percent of her spring 2017 collection is sustainably and ethically sourced, and she's enlisted a team that audits the environmental profit and loss (EP&L) of each move her company makes. She's also collaborated with Adidas (and created her own vegan pair of Stan Smiths) and just partnered with Parley for the Oceans to use fabric made from plastic recovered from the ocean. FASHION FORWARD: "We owe it to ourselves and the industry to do more—because it's not only about designing clothes or accessories anymore, and we must think beyond that," she explains. "When we start each season, we ask ourselves: How can we do this in a more sustainable, responsible, and environmental way, without compromising on design? In any other design industry—cars, architecture, technology—everything is being modernized, and I strongly believe that fashion, even if you are dipping into its history for inspiration at times, can be modernized in the approach we all take. It's about the future of our world and how we can help impact that." STORE CREDIT: Her London store is run on wind power; others are powered by solar energy or partially by green energy.Because he considers water and energy conservation a group effort and responsibility.PROFESSION: Vice president of global product innovation, Levi Strauss & Co.ECO CRED: Dillinger presided over collections of products made of 20 percent postconsumer waste and, since then, the Wellthread collections, which incorporate sustainability throughout each step of development and use fabrics that are 100 percent recyclable. His team has reduced the use of pesticides and chemicals in all cotton production and has outfitted mills with different finishing techniques, which reduce the amount of water used in denim dyeing and manufacturing by up to 96 percent. And instead of keeping the program under wraps, Levi's makes its discoveries available to brands that want to reduce their water footprint. CHOICE WORDS: "At a recent academic conference, a colleague cited a survey that asked women, 'Would you rather wear ethical fashion or be sexy?'" recalls Dillinger. "To me, this question is absurd: By allowing 'sexy'—or 'stylish,' 'cute'—to occupy a morally neutral position on the same continuum as 'ethical fashion,' we fail to confront the actual choice. The real alternative to ethical fashion is unethical fashion, and 'cute vs. ugly' notwithstanding, that's your real choice when you go shopping." STORE CREDIT: To address the 24 billion pounds of used clothing ending up in U.S. landfills, the company lets customers drop off unwanted clothes(any brand) at Levi's stores, where they will be repurposed or recycled.To see more, pick up our sustainability issue, on newsstands now. Inspired to take action? Join us and the Natural Resources Defense Council to protect the planet—donate at hearstforhumanity.com/mceco.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Buy now, try to wear now but only in high-AC environments.Being a smart shopper has much less to do with luck than time spent—if you set alerts and comb through 21 pages of trousers instead of taking quizzes to find out what brand of dish detergent you are, you *will* find the last pair of Prada chandelier slippers in a size 38. But because we know you're busy but also itching to get a start on your fall shopping, we've done some of the legwork for you here. Not your average hoodie, not with the oblong grommet and double-sleeve detail. One of those things you don't why you like so much.Collina Strada, $121BUY IT: needsupply.com.Lilac doesn't scream "autumn," but when the leaves turn, you'll be surprised how great lilac goes with earth tones.Building Block, $347BUY IT: needsupply.com.For all the fall weddings to which you'll begrudgingly go. Cushnie et Ochs, $399BUY IT: theoutnet.com.Make your Mona Lisa Smile but with miniskirts (and no marriage-shaming) dreams come true.Dorateymur, $158BUY IT: net-a-porter.com.Because the social-media-famous, big-sleeve sweater from the same brand is still too new to be discounted. Plus pink looks so nice near the face.Ganni, $34BUY IT: needsupply.com.Beach bags in winter: Issa thing.Kayu, $103.50BUY IT: fivestoryny.com.The bootcut is back, baby, but there's nothing passé about these jeans. NO SKINNY SCARVES, THO.Marques' Almeida, $71BUY IT: theoutnet.com.Doubles as a pillow when the party winds down but your friends don't want to leave yet.Proenza Schouler, $412.50BUY IT: theoutnet.com.10/10 would wear with a bathing suit now, damn the consequences.Shrimps, $177BUY IT: mytheresa.com.Get on my body (but probably only tied around my waist until October, thanks, global warming).Stella McCartney, $255BUY IT: mytheresa.com."THIS IS SPARTA!!!" —you, as you navigate away from this page to check what sizes are left (not very many, we're afraid)Alexander Wang, $399BUY IT: theoutnet.com.Great for checking your teeth in after a particularly leafy salad.Zara, $20BUY IT: zara.com.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Plus, a look at the men's clothes you'll be stealing for your own. As an editor of tech and fashion, I'm always on the hunt for the next big thing—and right now menswear, a category that will grow faster than womenswear in the next three years, is it. Earlier this month, Edited released a report stating that menswear is set to be worth $460 billion dollars by 2020 with new arrivals up by 38% in the last four years alone.Stats like that are always a pretty good indicator of good things to come, but if the numbers don't always speak loud enough, the runway always will. Last week I hit the Spring 2018 shows to see what was really up in the scene, and it was straight-up amazing. The shows were chockablock with colorful, well-tailored clothes (many that whispered of—and sometimes screamed—social issues) from designers like Willy Chavarria, Rochambeau, and Grungy Gentleman and celebrity attendees like A$AP Rocky, Jake Gyllenhaal, and Julianne Moore. Major supporters like Cadillac furthered their commitment to men's fashion week by providing grants to seven designers this season and opened the doors to their retail-showroom-coffee shop-art studio hybrid venue (Cadillac House) for shows and festivities. Besides those events and the star power presence, e-commerce giant FWRD relaunched FWRD Man. Altogether, it was truly a whirlwind. To give you some perspective, I teamed up with Kevin Lu to document my journey throughout the week. Check it out:Also, in the spirit of menswear and because I just *love* to break fashion rules, I intermixed menswear pieces into my looks for the week to prove that you can do whatever the heck you want.Willy Chavarria T-Shirt, $130BUY IT: willychavarria.comMoscot Sunglasses, $300BUY IT: moscot.comFrame Pants, $1,025BUY IT: net-a-porter.comBrother Vellies Purse, $1,395BUY IT: brothervellies.comValentino T-Shirt, $595BUY IT: fwrd.comProenza Schouler Pants, $895BUY IT: net-a-porter.comMoscot Glasses, $270 BUY IT: moscot.comAdidas Track Pants, $65BUY IT: adidas.comAdidas T-Shirt, $35BUY IT: adidas.comAdidas Sneakers, $120BUY IT: adidas.comWilly Chavarria T-Shirt, $130BUY IT: willychavarria.comWilly Chavarria Pants, $150BUY IT: willychavarria.comMoscot Glasses, $270 BUY IT: moscot.comDyne Top, $245BUY IT: dyne.lifeDyne Pants, $345BUY IT: dyne.lifeFollow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			For our first-ever sustainability issue, we brought in the heavyweights.Here, seven experts at the intersection of fashion and sustainability whose insight—coupled with their passion for all things style—helped shape our sustainability issue, and will continue to inform our eco-conscious content from here on out.As a strategist for the CFDA, an organization with more than 500 fashion, accessories, and jewelry designers, Kozlowski oversees education and innovation programs including the CFDA + Lexus Fashion Initiative, a virtual residency that teaches brands how to address issues such as ethical manufacturing and production transparency.A former luxury-brand executive, Smyth understood that a business case had to be made for sustainability. So she founded The Fair Fashion Center at GCU, a first-of-its- kind initiative that works with fashion companies to adopt practices across the supply chain—from sourcing to manufacturing to waste management—that don't compromise the planet or profitability.After a 20-year career in social and economic responsibility, Hurst leads sustainability and social- responsibility initiatives for Amazon worldwide, including responsible supply-chain management, recyclable packaging and minimal packing materials, renewable energy, energy efficiency, science and innovation, and sustainable transportation.The animal-rights activist and former Marie Claire fashion editor was early to the sustainable-fashion scene. Her eye for stylish eco-friendly brands led her to launch luxury ethical-fashion retailer Maison-de-Mode with designer Hassan Pierre in 2012. Specializing in ready-to-wear, fine jewelry, accessories, and home goods, the site stocks some of the most fashionable ethical products in the market.After traveling throughout Africa, James used her combined background in art, fashion, and journalism to found sustainable shoe brand Brother Vellies in 2013. The Africa-inspired label uses animal by-products, vegetable dyes, and recycled brass (for buckles) and car tires (for soles), while creating jobs for local artisans in Morocco, South Africa, Ethiopia, and Kenya, who are paid fair wages.In simple terms, Dillen is Earth's lawyer, leading the litigation behind the necessary shift from fossil fuels to 100 percent clean energy. She was a key force behind many significant wins against big-time polluters: coal-fired power plants nationwide. Her nonprofit environmental-law organization of more than 100 attorneys works toward a healthier planet.After a career as a sustainability expert and social-responsibility leader for some of the fashion industry's top companies, Cakmak turned his focus to education. At Parsons, he's developed a model of sustainable education that is teaching students to design with social and environmental stewardship in mind.www.marieclaire.comhttp’s server IP address could not be found.Try:null		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Not an oxymoron—a look. There are relationships built on less commitment than some girls have to keeping their jackets on, even in 90-percent humidity, because "It's my look." Fair enough. But for offices and other sexist climes, here, 10 fine examples of summer-appropriate outerwear.Take a pointer from the on-model shot, and pair with a hemline that hits above that of this longline jacket.Boohoo, $70BUY IT: us.boohoo.com.Stop traffic. Or redirect it.COS, $125BUY IT: cosstores.com.Add cutoffs and big gold earrings, and you've got a summer suit.Front Row Shop, $63BUY IT: frontrowshop.com.Its affordability depends on your definition, of course, but perhaps you might be in the market for a tawny silk robe to swish around in. Plus, think of all the money you'll save not having to worry about what to wear underneath. Aritzia, $288BUY IT: aritzia.com.Cropped, the color of a strawberry marshmallow. Nice.J.Crew, $84BUY IT: jcrew.com.Okay, kind of cher (as in trop cher), BUT counterarguments: the print, the cut, that designer-y boxiness. H&M, $399BUY IT: hm.com.Alternatively, Get the Look with this guy, which comes in at 10 percent of the price.Mango, $40BUY IT: shop.mango.com.A perfect workman silhouette made even better with an embroidered panel on the back.& Other Stories, $125BUY IT: stories.com.Calling all festival sprites.Topshop, $95BUY IT: topshop.com.When you're a Scandinavian fashion girl who wouldn't be caught dead in a drugstore plastic poncho. Stutterheim, $295BUY IT: needsupply.com.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Why crystals, astrology, and tarot are suddenly getting the luxury treatment.Walk into any given photo shoot these days, and you might hear a model over in one corner comparing her horoscope traits with her boyfriend's. In another corner, there's a stylist showing off pics of her Pinterest-worthy apartment filled with succulents and crystals. Nearby, a fashion editor is raving over the Moon Dust she finally splurged on at the Goop convention. And finally, there's a fashion assistant sorting rows of Prada's talisman necklaces, while another steams an elaborate Alexander McQueen gown that conjures up visions of medieval pagan goddesses.A new interest in New Age practices is infusing the cultural zeitgeist. Astrology, tarot, spiritual healing, sound baths, ancient meditations, and all things "witchy" have become increasingly mainstream. We've got It Girls like Bella Hadid 'gramming about their crystal collections—not to mention a Birchbox-type subscription service for gemstones. Today, mass retailers sling "energy balancing smudge kits," and set up aura photography booths at music festivals. Basically, neo-hippies (or "Silver Lake shamans," as they've been dubbed) are the new hipsters.  As I fly to Dubai later tonight, a few of my favorite crystals will be here charging with the bright & full "pink moon" 💕🌚💙🕊🦋 Love love love 💫✨🌙A post shared by  Bella (@bellahadid) on Apr 10, 2017 at 3:09pm PDTIn many ways, this emerging spiritual conversation is an extension of the wellness revolution. "Lifestyle gurus" like Gwyneth Paltrow and Amanda Chantal Bacon, the respective CEOs of Goop and Moon Juice, have turned radical self-care—fused with a healthy interest in the supernatural—into lucrative business models."There is a cosmic calling and powerful movement here to push us forward as a race," writes Bacon in the introduction to her best-selling Moon Juice cookbook. "A big part of the movement is caring for our bodies, as well as for the health of our planet. Anytime we make a move toward supporting or joining that mission, we make a move toward supporting or joining that mission, we tune into the world of otherworldy success and abundance."People are searching to connect with something larger than themselves. For a generation that has largely turned away from organized religion, nurturing a spiritual self inquiry rooted in self improvement gives them something to believe in—and to buy into, whether it's a pretty piece of tourmaline or a $60 bottle of detoxifying herbal supplements.   My auraA post shared by  Emily Weiss (@emilyweiss) on Jun 14, 2017 at 5:08pm PDTThe fashion industry has enjoyed a long-and-torrid romance with the occult. Christian Dior was famously rumored to have his tarot cards read before every show. Fast forward to Maria Grazia Chiuri's past few collections for Dior featuring all kinds of celestial and zodiac symbolism. Chiuri cited Georgia O'Keefe and Vicki Noble (a shamanic healer and creator of the Motherpeace feminist tarot deck) as inspirations for her latest Resort lineup presented in a canyon in Calabasas, California.  Dior is just one of the many recent examples of fashion's obsession with the mystical world. Riccardo Tisci's final Spring '17 collection for Givenchy boasted giant agate pendants and geode printed dresses. That same season, Preen by Thornton Bregazzi sent out multiple looks with spellbinding pentagrams. All-seeing third eye motifs have popped up on runways including Prada, Tome, Kenzo, and more. Alessandro Michele collaborates with tarot-obsessed illustrator Jayde Fish on murals and prints for Gucci. The references go on.  And it's not just designers who are into this New Age-y stuff. Ask a digital fashion editor about their horoscopes section and she'll admit it's a consistent top-performer. So why do fashion followers vibrate on this magical frequency more so than the rest? "At its core, the fashion industry is about investigating identity and how we project ourselves into this world. In astrology, the twelve different astrological symbols are representative of twelve different human archetypes. People who are interested in fashion and people who are interested in astrology are committed to investigating all those different parts of what it means to be a human," says Ruby Warrington, a former fashion writer who shifted gears several years ago to launch The Numinous, an online lifestyle magazine dedicated to the cosmic universe. Her debut book, Material Girl, Mystical World, is a terrific introduction to tarot, astrology, crystals, psychic mediums, and the "Now Age wellness scene." One chapter is aptly titled "Healing is the new nightlife," which pretty much says it all. So what's Warrington's take on the commodification of all these tools and philosophies and traditions? "There are many people who may criticize this as spiritual materialism, but that bypasses the actual inner work where the real spiritual development happens," she says. "And balance for me is being able to appreciate both the external material stuff and the internal mystical stuff." Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.From: CR Fashion Book		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Inspired by Princess Grace of Monaco.Miranda Kerr married Snapchat founder Evan Spiegel at the end of May, but any pictures from the big day were kept firmly under wraps—until now. The model took to Instagram to share a series of pictures from her wedding day, revealing that she walked down the aisle in a Dior couture gown custom-made by creative director Maria Grazia Chiuri. "Such a magical day," she wrote, alongside one of the pictures. The dress was an unusually covered-up style for the former Victoria's Secret Angel, featuring a high neckline, long sleeves and dramatic full skirt covered in appliquéd flowers. She teamed it with a pearl-encrusted headpiece designed by Stephen Jones. The shots were originally taken by photographer Patrick Demarchelier and published in American Vogue. "Honestly, I couldn't have imagined a more beautiful wedding dress," she told the title, revealing that the gown was inspired by the one that Grace Kelly wore to marry Prince Ranier of Monaco.  "Grace Kelly was a real inspiration with her dress and how timeless it is," she said, reports People. "A dress that fully covers you creates a sense of purity and mystery. I've had a lot of fun with fashion, and I used to be more wild, free, bohemian. But in this period of my life, my style is more pulled back. My greatest sources of inspiration have always been Grace, Audrey Hepburn, and my grandmother, who at 80 has an effortless chic: a nice pant, a white blouse, a scarf, a little heel."This marks the first ever wedding dress that Maria Grazia Chiuri has designed for Dior. "I have to be honest—she's not a difficult fit," the designer said. "She wanted something like a fairy tale, and she gave me this idea, to make a dress that was emotional and simple at the same time."Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.From: Harper's BAZAAR UK		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			And she wore the transparent dress out to dinner.Kim Kardashian West is renowned for wearing risqué outfits that reveal her underwear. But her latest look is special, because the completely see-through dress leaves nothing at all to the imagination.The reality star wore the outfit while dining in sushi restaurant Shibuya Japanese in Calabasas, California. Kardashian West's vintage Jil Sander coat just about covered the fact that she wasn't wearing a bra. But did she remove her outerwear while dining?She paired the incredible look with some clear mules, and nude underwear. Classic Kim Kardashian.Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.From: ELLE US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The designer makes his debut behind the lens for the brand's Fall 2017 ads. At just 24 years old, Olivier Rousteing became Balmain's youngest-ever creative director and the youngest in Paris since Yves Saint Laurent himself. Since his appointment in 2011, Rousteing has been credited with bringing a new era of social media savviness to the historic French fashion house. Now, the young designer is taking his eye for photography beyond the scope of Instagram. For the first time ever, Rousteing stepped behind the lens to photograph Balmain's Fall 2017 ad campaign. Dedicated to the city of Paris, the series of black-and-white photos were shot all over the French capital and feature Balmain Army members, such as Natasha Poly, Lara Stone, Presley Gerber, Ton Heukels, Jon Kortagarena, Marlon Teixeira, Grace Bol, Aleyna Fitzgerald, Alexina Graham, and Valery Kaufman. "I've always explained that part of the draw that social media has for me is its unique removal of any filters or middlemen—allowing me to communicate directly with those who are interested in what we are creating. I wanted to photograph this campaign for the same reasons: to have the images directly reflect my vision of Balmain's latest creations, as well as my love for the singular beauty of the city I call home," Rousteing said of his decision to photograph the campaign himself.The photos were shot at Balmain's flagship, the Palais Royal, and Le Panthéon, captured over "two long days and one never-ending night" in Paris, Rousteing says. The striking end result? A new side of Balmain that looks just as good in print as it will online.See more of the Fall 2017 campaign below: Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.From: Harper's BAZAAR US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Fans self.Let there be more fans. Not the selfie-taking, barrier-upending kind, but the breeze-making, ha-I'm-from-another-century kind. It's one more thing to wedge into your straw basket, sure, but well worth the two seconds of trouble when your train gets stuck underground and the AC malfunctions. Other pros: that satisfying THWAP sound, can function as an instrument of seduction. See seven inspiration photos below. Or you could no-bag it for the breeziest summer outfit of all. In complementary pastels, an accordion fan to wave lazily in front of your face/smack other people in their faces if they're rude is the only accoutrement you need.BUY IT: Fern Fans, $77, fernfans.com.Really nice in brighter tones too.At the Dior Haute Couture show, guests were gifted branded versions of the OG air-conditioners. Here's Kirsten Dunst with hers, looking chic. Chiara Ferragni probably doesn't sweat, but yes. Then, according to the tao of Céline Dion (short version: be as extra as you want), she got up and did a fan dance. (Not really, but would've been on-brand.) Bianca Jagger and Alber Elbaz, two faves in one frame. Also, pretty sure Alber brought his own fan.SHOP SIMILAR: Gucci, $450; net-a-porter.com.The summer's second most crucial accessory: wine. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			More like "babes of thrones."On Wednesday night, Westeros met Hollywood at the seventh season premiere of HBO's Game of Thrones. Fans of the much-loved show are counting down the hours until the proper premiere Sunday night, but they also had good reason to peep the icy blue carpet: some amazing fashion, courtesy of the GOT actresses.Firstly, HATS OFF to Sophie Turner (Sansa Stark forever) and Nathalie Emmanuel (Missandei) for taking inspiration directly from the Many-Faced God. That is, both actresses opted for dresses with face prints, though Sophie went short, glittery, and bold, while Nathalie went for a black-and-white, graphic novel-y print gown: While her show sister went for the razzle dazzle, Maisie Williams (Arya Stark forever) decided to go for a rich green gown. Keisha Castle-Hughes (Obara Sand) went for a similar green, but as part of a striped mermaid-y number: Dorne, represent! Indira Varma (Ellaria Sand) went for a romantic ruffled gown: The red (blue?) carpet also allowed for some of the more rough-and-tumble character actresses to doll up for the occasion. Everyone, bow down to ice queen incarnate Gwendoline Christie (Brienne forever): Hannah Murray (Gilly) got her glittery gold on: And Gemma Whelan (Yara Greyjoy) ditched her armor and leather for this adorable (and baby bump-filled) bird print gown: And while she's been out of the game for some time now, Rose Leslie (Ygritte forever) also stopped by in this stark yellow and black number: She perhaps brought the best accessory on the carpet — boyfriend Kit Harington, or as you know and love him, JON SNOWWW: Even though it's the heart of summer, winter is very much coming, and in style too.Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.From: Cosmopolitan US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			And/or a glitch in the Matrix.Ever so slowly, the tube top crept back into our collective consciousness before we could say "Smocking! Begone!" But maybe it's not so bad this time around? Even with the tiny sunglasses that have somehow also survived the bonfire of the aught-ities? To help you arrive at a decision, a collection of photos ahead. Before we officially start, a refresher on what people wore in 2000. Look at the sequins. The implied stretchiness. The spoon-bowl-size lenses on the sunglasses! Those were the days—or not. SHOP SIMILAR: Roberi and Fraud sunglasses, $195; roberiandfraud.com.Now look at Kendall, who could've stepped out from the first photo. What marks this as 2017, though, minus the pride paraphernalia? Literally nothing else—not even the low-rise jeans—which shows how far we've gone down the rabbit hole. This too. But it's not just the Hadids and Jenners who are perpetrators: Here is Taylor Swift before she went into exile, in a matching set J.Lo might've worn back in the day. Here is Sofia Richie in one, with the very modern addition of the jacket-worn-as-a-stole.SHOP SIMILAR: $20; etsy.com.You do have to agree that it is a nice layering piece for when you want to wear outsize silhouettes while suggesting you still have a body underneath. Or when you have a spare yard of pinstripe fabric you have no idea what to do with so you wrap it around yourself like Ariel did with that sail. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Girlfriend is letting it all hang out. Another day, another scantily-clad Kim Kardashian sighting. On Tuesday in New York City, Kim took carefree, cozy-girl style to a whole new level when she stepped out wearing a sheer white tank, black Adidas shorts, and silver strappy heels.Maybe she rolled out of bed and decided to pair her PJs with open-toe pumps? It's unclear. But what is clear is that she's letting her nips live their best bra-free lives.  This is what you call a leisurely look at its *peak.* If you also wanna pull off a braless night-to-day look à la Kim K., get the look with these Adidas shorts.  BUY NOW: Adidas Shorts, $25, adidas.com.Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.From: Cosmopolitan US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Ooh, don't let my bare arms distract any senators from denying women healthcare! You would think the Senate had bigger things to worry about than female reporters and staffers showing up with uncovered shoulders—in the summer—in parts of Capitol Hill, but according to a CBS News report, this is not beneath Speaker Paul Ryan's attention. His lobby, his rules, we suppose, but for less strict workplaces, shop the 10 sleeveless dresses below. Unless you are Melania or Ivanka Trump—then you are exempt. It might be too hot to even imagine sweaters in your brain, but with a mock neck and no sleeves, you'll be perfectly fine. (Come at me, Mitch McConnell.)Aritzia, $125BUY IT: aritzia.com.Don't be a wimp—wear yellow and paper-bag waists and big-ass pleats. (Okay, fine, it comes in black too.) COS, $125BUY IT: cosstores.com.Definitely fails the three-finger test, is perfect, especially for live-tweeting from detention.Mango, $60BUY IT: shop.mango.com.Really nice for a summer Friday, on which you and your eyelet panels can swish right on outta a place that pays you 79 cents to a man's dollar. French Connection, $130BUY IT: usa.frenchconnection.com.A cool, slightly hunchback shape for before you develop a real hunchback because you can't afford to see a doctor. Front Row Shop, $68BUY IT: frontrowshop.com.A feminist can look however she wants, but they don't know that, so this knotted windowpane sheath will throw them off your scent. EVEN THO IT DOESN'T HAVE ARM TUBES. J.Crew, $138BUY IT: jcrew.com.Make them even madder by unbuttoning it and wearing a newfangled thing called PANTS underneath. Nikki Chasin, $276.50BUY IT: nikkichasin.com.Dress for the safari you want to take someday but probably never will if you keep up with that avocado toast habit, young lady. Zara, $80BUY IT: zara.com."NOOOOO!! Not the COLLARBONE, exposed by a racer-front silhouette!!" —old white dude, making the sign of the cross. Öhlin/D, $294BUY IT: ohlin-d.com.Looks good now with a heel to balance out the flared shape, will look good later in the dystopian future with a turtleneck layered underneath and a big white bonnet.  Uniqlo, $20BUY IT: uniqlo.com.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Ready, set, shop! 🙆The Black Friday of summer is here, but not for long! Yes, that's right, Amazon Prime Day (the day you've all been waiting for) is finally here, and now's the time to shop all the jaw-dropping deals on tech gadgets, appliances, housewares, fashion, and more. Now stop reading and start saving—we mean, shopping! $500 (originally $700) BUY NOWShop these stunning 14K gold diamonds for the special lady in your life (or yourself!) for a whopping 30% off! The luxury accessory features a classic, elegant design with a four-prong setting and screw stud backing. $100 (originally $180), amazon.com BUY NOWYou know you want one. Alexa will be your little study buddy to answer any quick questions you have while writing your term papers or studying for exams. Besides Alexa's endless knowledge, she'll play you all your favorite songs and playlists, order your groceries, and more. $35 (originally $50), amazon.com BUY NOWWith the same functions of the Amazon Echo, the Echo Dot is perfect for smaller rooms or apartments. $603 (originally $754)  BUY NOWYou better sprint to the online checkout to snag this fitness deal! This treadmill is fully loaded with all the luxury features, like a backlit LCD monitor that includes 22 programs and a USB charging port that can also export data to compatible fitness apps like myfitnesspal.com. It also includes all the basic features such as quick access speed and incline mechanisms. $105 (originally $150) BUY NOWEnjoy pod-free single-serve or carafe-style hot or iced coffee at home all year long with the Ninja Coffee Bar Coffee Maker. Choose from customized brews like classic, rich, iced, or even specialty. If you're taking your cup to go, just choose the travel-mug-sized option, and off you go! Whether you purchase this coffee maker as a housewarming gift for friends or for your own personal use, enjoy 30 percent off with this killer deal.$225 (originally $300) BUY NOWEnjoy your favorite bottles of wine glass by glass without ever pulling the cork with the Coravin Model Eight Wine System. By inserting a thin, hollow needle through the cork without actually removing it from the bottle, the Coravin allows users to keep entire bottles of wine fresh while enjoying one glass at a time. No more bickering over whether to open up a white or red bottle—open 'em both!$400(originally $650) BUY NOWThe opportunity to pick up a highly rated 55-inch 4K TV that's been developed in partnership with Amazon is almost too good to be true. The Element Amazon Fire TV Edition will also save you money from an additional streaming device—it runs the retail giant's excellent Fire TV platform, so it supports apps, games, and all major streaming services.$18 (originally $24) BUY NOW A cordless handheld vacuum is one of the most handy, versatile, and compact household appliances to have at the ready whenever your digs are due for a tidying up. A killer deal on an already affordable unit, this Lithium Hand Vac from BLACK+DECKER is a must-have Prime Day steal. originally $55 (30% off) BUY NOWStore all your gear in this sporty backpack that's both functional and cool. Under Armour's backpack has more pockets than we can count, including a soft, lined laptop sleeve. Rock this water-resistant bag in white for a fresh look with special HeatGear technology to feel as cool as you appear. originally $25 (40-50% off) BUY NOWLooking dapper in the summer heat calls for a white linen shirt. This lightweight shirt is super breathable, and it still gives you the sharp look of your favorite button-down. Whether you're hitting a summer pool party or going out on the town, this shirt is essential for looking your best this summer. $37 (originally $50)  BUY NOWHalt sleepless nights tossing and turning on a stiff mattress and buy this microplush, queen-sized mattress topper. The mattress pad made by Pinzon was designed to double as a mattress protector, so you technically get two products for one bargain deal! $165 (originally $225) BUY NOWLook smart with this stylish watch from Fossil that does way more than just tell time. This smartwatch will keep you updated on your texts, emails, social media, and calendar alerts with a touch of your finger. Guys with busy schedules know time is money, so don't miss out on this deal for this useful watch that works with everything in your wardrobe.$120 (originally $150) BUY NOWA quality knife set is a vital kitchen essential, no matter if you're a top chef or take-out addict. Stock your kitchen with this beautiful six-piece knife set equipped with this modern, tempered-glass holding block. The knives are high-carbon, rust-resistant German steel that have ergonomically designed handles that fit perfectly in the palm of your hand for precise cutting. $22 (originally $36) BUY NOWPump up the volume this Prime Day with this budget-friendly Bluetooth speaker. The device has a range of up to 30 feet, and it includes a built-in microphone for hands-free calls. Plus, it has an impressive 15-hour battery life for those day parties that you don't want to end. Up to 50% off (originally $99) BUY NOWWhat's better than finding a great classic trench coat? Finding one on sale! This style has a sportier cut with a rounded hem and hood that'll definitely come in handy on rainy days. A cinched waist also keeps your shape from getting lost underneath. Up to 50% off (originally from $16) BUY NOWGive your lingerie drawer an update without spending tons of cash. This lightly padded bralette is perfect for layering under breezy summer tops or wearing with pajamas when lounging at home. Multiple colors are available, so you'll definitely want to scoop up a few at this special price.Up to 60% off (originally $60) BUY NOWUp your fitness game with a selection of athletic shoes that are up to 60% off. These sleek mesh sneakers by Puma will look just as good at the gym as they will during outings to brunch (we won't tell if you skip the workout altogether).🔥  30% off with the code NEW2LUXPD17 for new members only (originally $129) BUY NOWFYI: This is the actual curling iron they use BTS at Victoria's Secret fashion shows. Do we need to say anything else? This deal is unheard of, and we're signing up for Prime to get it before we can even finish this roundup! Hello, sexy waves and curls! 🔥 40% off for new members only (originally $27) BUY NOWSunscreen is so pricey, and it's the thing none of us should go without! Stock up on this stellar deal on this Neutrogena mist sunscreen. You're really getting a bang for your buck because this is SPF 70. originally from $48 (up to 60% off) BUY NOWHit your fitspo goals while rocking these fashionable kicks from adidas. These lightweight sneakers look fresh AF and keep your feet feeling cool with their breathable air mesh upper. Kick up your fitness game and look good with a price low enough to not make you break a sweat.  $230 (originally $330) BUY NOWIf you're going to invest in any vacuum, look no further than the multifunctional Bissell vacuum that easily converts into a practical hand-vacuum in seconds. The ultra-light appliance only weighs about 5 pounds, and it has nimble swivel capabilities so you can clean behind those hard-to-reach places. $80 (originally $109)  BUY NOWIf your office is essentially your home away from home, you need to check out this brown leather padded office chair that oozes luxury. In addition to moving up and down, the chair also tilts back and forth, so you can personalize your posture for those long days at the office. Up to 35% off (originally $25) BUY NOWThis all-over trimmer is a pretty pink shade, so you can still feel perky even when you're getting rid of unwanted (annoying!) body hairs. From your bikini to your pits, this little tool will be your new BFF for the times when your skin is showing! $225 (originally $349) BUY NOWGo green (while saving some green in your wallet, too!) with this eco-friendly, battery-powered mower with smart cut technology. The blade automatically speeds up or slows down, depending on the length and thickness of grass. The mower also features two batteries, so you always have a backup! $179 (originally $300) BUY NOWThis memory foam mattress is not only insanely comfortable with its 3.5-inch high-density foam topper, but it's also refreshingly cool with its gel-infused memory foam. The stellar sleeper is infused with green tea extract and castor oil to naturally negate any odor or toxic bacteria. Your dream bed awaits! $599 (originally $850) BUY NOWGet lean and mean this beach season with this compact universal gym set. Don't be fooled by its small size: this total-body machine includes a wide range of exercise capabilities for all ages—from 8 to 80. The best part is that no assembly is required! The mini gym simply folds away for fast and convenient storage. originally $25 (40-50% off) BUY NOWSlim down without having to cut out your diet of beer and burgers with this Goodthreads slim-fit shirt. Rocking your button down in a slim-fit takes out the extra weight and will make any guy look svelte and stylish. Sport this cotton shirt in indigo for a lightweight alternative to a denim button-down for serious office casual-style goals.30% off with the code NEW2LUXPD17 for new members only  (originally $42) BUY NOWGo golden with this discounted (but quality!) self-tanner by St. Tropez. This stuff will give you a legit glow for a special occasion or a special pair of short shorts! $80 (originally $119) BUY NOWMake your backyard a staycation paradise with this hammock bed by Vivere. No need for two trees—this hammock stands on its own with its space-saving steel construction.$90 (originally $130) BUY NOWThis compact kitchen gadget does the job of a slow cooker, electric pressure cooker, rice cooker, steamer, yogurt maker, sauté pan, warming pot, and more—all in one sleek and easy-to-use appliance. The largest size currently available on the market, this 8-quart IP-DUO80 Instant Pot model is ideal for slow-cooking large cuts of meat—like pork belly, shoulder, or ribs—for use in savory tacos, nachos, or other party-sized portions.From: BestProducts		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Take my money.America was built on people revolting when they couldn't buy stuff at low, low prices, so what could be more patriotic than 30 hours of rampant commercialism? (Answer: Black Friday, on which shoppers actually kill one another over discounted flatscreen TVs, but that's another story.) Yes, we're referring to Amazon Prime Day, which is technically July 11 but begins at 9 p.m. ET July 10, because 'MURICA SHOP NOW. Here, all the crucial information about Echos and Kindles and "Alexa, order a defibrillator." We already told you: July 11, but it technically starts Monday night, running for 30 hours. Kind of like the Purge but longer and for Haribo. If you have a device equipped with Amazon's virtual assistant Alexa, you'll have a special two-hour window—before the regular folk!—to Supermarket Sweep the heck out of Prime Day. You've also got more than 100 pre-Prime Day offers available at the sound of your voice, some of which have been up for grabs since July 5, so GO. But if you don't have a Prime membership, you can still sign up through Alexa for $20 off. Some highlights:  Oooh, I Love Toilet Paper—What Else Is Good?It wouldn't be a Shopping Holiday without TVs! "Amazon is planning one of its largest total volume TV deals in history with a record level of inventory but once again, the TV deals will likely sell out," the company says. Great! Our guess on the first to go is the 55-inch Element 4K HDTV with Amazon Fire TV for $400 (that's $250 off). According to CNET, Amazon will also be selling loads of tablets, including the recently updated Fire 7 for $30 and the Fire HD 8 for $50 (from its regular $80). For the rest of the categories, it might be worth your while to have a search and "watch this deal"—or better yet, use camelcamelcamel to get price-tracking alerts. You mean besides the toilet paper? (Yes.) That would be this 3-D printer. Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Sizzlin'!Kourtney Kardashian was the definition of "Sexy Mama" in the skintight, orange tank dress she wore out and about with 5-year-old birthday girl Penelope Disick in Calabasas on Saturday.After a steamy Saint Tropez vacation with rumored boo-thang Younes Bendjima, in which Kourtney put a series of skin-baring swimsuits on display, you wouldn't think she could get any hotter. But then she stepped out in this number like the fire she truly is—just see for yourself.The thing about this look is that while it is ~very sexy~ (especially because she's braless and whatnot), it's also super laid-back, because she paired it with a black baseball cap and classic white sneakers. So comfy!For inquiring minds, those are Adidas x Raf Simons sneakers, which you can buy. BUY NOW: Raf Simons x Adidas, $360, zappos.com.Anyway, in conclusion, Kourtney's style is killin' it.Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.From: Cosmopolitan US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Nothing to wear? Everywhere to go? We got you.Preliminary studies point to wardrobe inadequacy as the main cause of Summertime Sadness, as discovered by the esteemed Dr. Lana Del Rey. But what if we told you the cure were as easy as one thrilling new purchase and not doing your hair up real big, beauty-queen style (though that wouldn't hurt)? C'est vrai. Shop 12 mood-lifting, closet-jumper-cabling buys here. Will fit an iPhone! (I looked it up.)Balaio, $610BUY IT: fivestorynyc.com.All right. All right. All right. Creatures of Comfort, $146BUY IT: creaturesofcomfort.com.Your entire closet could be a T-shirt, jeans, and these earrings, and you'd be happy.Miu Miu, $252BUY IT: mytheresa.com.Ruffles over truffles. Farrow, $22BUY IT: needsupply.com.Glitter over bitters.Ganni, $195BUY IT: net-a-porter.com.In case you've fallen victim to the influencers, only to find that the "inspiration" for this guy has sold out. Live in it this summer, but not to stomp grapes or participate in any hot-dog-eating contests.Mango, $60BUY IT: shop.mango.com.You saw them on Instagram. They were too expensive. But now, for a few fast-clicking size 39.5s, they can be yours.Trademark, $174BUY IT: needsupply.com.A game-changer in that you will go from "Ease of peeing is of importance to me" to "I can get naked to use the toilet, it's fine."Myra, $91BUY IT: myraswim.com.The challenge is not styling this shirt so you don't look like every second dude at a festival. It is not bumping into things because you're too busy staring at the hula-girl print. Rails, $138BUY IT: railsclothing.com."Greased Lightning" in a pair of sunglasses.Emma Mulholland x Pared, $240BUY IT: paredeyewear.com.Yours truly has experienced Significant Life Events wearing this one-shoulder dress, probably because it is extremely flattering, tasseled, and yes, semi-sheer.Rhode Resort, $325BUY IT: rhoderesort.com.Who wouldn't be excited about these? (The aerial view was to show you the metallic hearts, but don't worry about the heel—it's a very walkable two inches.) Zvelle, $275BUY IT: zvelle.com.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Twice as nice.Celebrity deaths come in threes, while it takes two to make a thing go right. Secret criminal organizations versus tangos and tea. Get the picture? While we might've just become the first people to be charged with discrimination against a number in the name of making a point, when it comes to jewelry, two > three...so far. Here, see why doubling up on your hoops, cuffs, and anklets (whaaaa??) is the chicest styling trick of the moment.Ever since Gaia Repossi presented her diamond hoops in a pair, with the second high up, we've been obsessed with this deceptively simple yet effective variation on the double lobe. (Some of us even got pierced this way.) But if you've got the more common, closely spaced version? Great—make the most of it with earrings of equal statement-making power. No more playing second, uh, hole with wimpy studs.  BUY IT: Jennifer Fisher, $650; jenniferfisher.com.Wearing a cuff on each wrist: As classic as Chanel and Vreeland and ordering *two* scoops on your waffle cone. But maybe it's another sign of the Wonder Woman effect?SHOP SIMILAR: Uterque, $675; 1stdibs.com.Would say fur pouf optional, but it's not, really. UNLESS YOU CARRY ONE ON EACH ARM. SHOP SIMILAR: Color Temperature, $880; fivestoryny.com.Wildcard! While even the idea of a *single* anklet might be a bit tough to wrap your head around, fashion has gone 200 percent and upped the ante to one per leg. The cool thing about these dreamy shoes is that they're sold with the jewelry included, so you don't have to go looking for chains of the exact right length. BLESS UP.The fashion version of an In-N-Out 2 x 2. BUY IT: Roxanne Assoulin, $210; roxanneassoulin.com.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			From Grace Kelly to Kate Middleton, a look back at the evolution of royal bridal looks. From Grace Kelly to Kate Middleton, a look back at the evolution of royal bridal looks. The Russian fashion designer married the German prince in a bespoke Sandra Mansour masterpiece. His father reportedly objected to the union, but maybe he came around after seeing the beaded, puff-sleeve gown? And the bride wore high-neck lace Giles Deacon to marry hedge-fund manager James Matthews in front of 300 guests, including some very, very important people.  Wearing a bespoke gown by Luisa Beccaria, the actress married the Bavarian prince in a civil ceremony at her father's estate in July 2016.In June 2016, the Belgian princess said "I do" to her longtime boyfriend in a vintage-inspired dress by Belgian designer Gérald Wathelet.With nearly 1,000 guests in attendance, the maharaja of Mysore, India, married his childhood friend in late June 2016.In May 2016, the daughter of the Duke of Wellington Charles Wellesley tied the knot with her financier fiancé (say that five times fast) in Íllora, Spain. The bride wore Emilia Wickstead.Prince Carl Philip and Princess Sofia of Sweden were married in 2015 at the Royal Palace Chapel in Stockholm.Princess Madeleine and Christopher O'Neill's wedding ceremony was held at the Royal Palace Chapel in Stockholm in 2013. Princess Charlene and Prince Albert II of Monaco were married in 2011, the princess' wedding dress designed by Armani.The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge were married at Westminister Abbey in 2011, the Duchess wearing an Alexander McQueen wedding dress. Crown Princess Victoria of Sweden, in a Par Engsheden design, and Prince Daniel at their wedding ceremony in Stockholm, July 2010.Marie Cavallier wore an Arasa Morelli design for her wedding to Prince Joachim of Denmark in 2008.Dutch Prince Johan Friso and his bride Mabel Wisse Smit at their 2004 wedding.Princess Mary of Denmark paired her gown with a century-old crown at her May 2004 wedding to Crown Prince Frederik.Prince Felipe of Spain and Princess Letizia tied the knot, complete with sword salute, in May 2004.Norwegian Princess Martha-Louise marries Ari Behn in May 2002.Norwegian Crown Prince Haakon and Princess Mette-Marit arrive for their wedding in Oslo, August 2001.Princess Marie-Chantel of Greece wore a Valentino gown for her wedding to Prince Pavlos in July 1995.Wearing an elaborate Elie Saab creation, Queen Rania of Jordan weds Prince Abdullah in Amman, July 1993.Lady Helen of Windsor and Tim Taylor at their July 1992 wedding. Lady Helen's dress was designed by Catherine Walker.Princess Diana and Prince Charles's wedding portrait from July 1981. The bride wore a gown designed by David and Elizabeth Emanuel.In 1978, Queen Noor chose a Christian Dior gown for her marriage to King Hussein of Jordan.Princess Caroline of Monaco married Philippe Junot in 1978.King Constantine of Greece and Princess Anne Marie of Denmark at their 1964 nuptials.Grace Kelly and Prince Rainier of Monaco in 1956. Kelly wore a gown by MGM costumer Helen Rose, who had dressed her for her films High Society and The Swan.The Shah and Empress of Iran at their 1951 wedding. She wore a custom Christian Dior gown for the occasion.Princess Elizabeth and Prince Mountbatten were married in 1947 at Westminister Abbey in London, her wedding dress designed by Norman Hartnell. The Duke and Duchess of Windsor had a low-key ceremony in 1937. The Duchess wore a Mainbocher creation, which is now held in the Metropolitan Museum of Art.From: Harper's BAZAAR US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			These green accessories will make anyone envious. These green accessories will make anyone envious.This statement necklace from the Cactus de Cartier Collection feels sexy and beachy—making it perfect for any occasion. Cartier Paris Nouvelle Vauge Necklace, $67,500BUY IT: www.cartier.com or contact Cartier.Part of the new Cross Stitch Collection, David Webb originated the Cross Stitch design in the 1970s, and these are destined to become the new classic.David Webb Cross Stitch Earrings, $19,000BUY IT: davidwebb.com. A throwback to the '60s with its delicate rectangular shape, short hands, and an absence of markers. Gomelsky by Shinola, The Shirley Fromer, $900BUY IT:  shinola.com.Giving you the Gucci take on a classic watch, but with a bit of whimsy...note the butterfly. Le Marché des Merveilles Watch, $980BUY IT: gucci.com.The essence of boho chic, this potion bottle will be able to actually hold perfume or oil, warming the scent with your body heat. Pretty cool. Jacquie Aiche, Malachite Potion Bottle Necklace, $3,185BUY IT:  jacquieaiche.com.This hand-carved chunky ring form the Je Porte Bonheur collection literally means, "I bring you luck"—you can find the words carved on the side of the ring.Marlo Laz, 'Je Porte Bonheur' Iris Ring, $4,000BUY IT: brokenenglishjewelry.com. These earrings were one of the standout pieces at the Couture Jewelry show in Las Vegas last month where they just debuted.The opaque mix of Malachite with the translucence of the Emeralds is breathtaking.Pamela Love, Aysmmetrical Rain Earrings, $195,000BUY IT: pamelalove.com.The delicate touch of green looks great in when mixed into a stack on the wrist.Piaget, Malachite Possession Bracelet, $1,030BUY IT: piaget.com.The Sauvage Collection is bold and architectural, and this bracelet is a piece that looks great day or night, stacked or as a stand-alone statement. Basically, it's perfect. Roberto Coin, Rose Gold Bangle with Black Jade, Green Malachite, and diamonds from the SAUVAGE Collection, $11,000 BUY IT: robertocoin.com.A classic with a colorful twist, it will be a your go-to ring in your jewelry box. BULGARI MVSA Ring, $1,650BUY IT: Bulgari.com.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			A travesty that must be set right.Asked to name the youngest generation of the Kardashian-Jenners, you might go, "Easy. There's North and Saint and, um, Grand Marshal, maybe? Oh, and that one who fell and got made into a meme?" You monster—that munchkin who got doored is Penelope Disick, who is perhaps, quietly, the greatest and chicest of them all. In honor of her birthday, the case for Penelope here.Some sheerness and patent boots make black on a toddler look not morbid. Also, accessorizing with a smoothie—need to start doing that. *Also* also, the cross-body bag memorandum does not apply to her.Another day, another juice. Another purse. A pink sweater. All very nice, very cute. Okay, North West hogs the spotlight, but can we just talk about the brilliant styling here on Penelope's part? Turning a scoop neck into an asymmetrical, off-the-shoulder one: brilliant. Who amongst would not go "AWWWW" over baby Vans? Especially when they're topped by a little cropped sweatsuit and swagger to rival Marion Kelly's? So good that it inspired a whole story on copping the styles of various small children. Still want this cascading ruffle thing for my next vacation (is it a skirt worn as a dress??), even though I doubt I'll be going anywhere as fabulous as Penelope. Shop similar: Zara dress, $40; zara.com.On a dude, this outfit would send you clear signals to stay away, lest he attempt to show you his SoundCloud. But on Penelope, this is adorable, right down to the pink Converse. An Annie-ish getup made Penelope Cool™ with double buns, TINY BOWIE BOOTS, and a curly-headed doll almost as big as her. Love a trackie, love that she's done the Céline mismatched-shoe trick with fur slides even more. It's called fashion—look it up.Shop similar: Urban Outfitters slides, $15; urbanoutfitters.com.She's four going on five but already has the perfect denim jacket sorted. A girl who already knows that a big-cat print never goes out of style.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Sounds of looting.Imagine The Purge but worse, because it doesn't end after 24 hours. This is now our fashion reality, as designers who aren't content to leave well enough alone re-inflict that favorite punchline of the aughts: the low rise. But is it back and better and less "there's a suspicious breeze on my backside" than ever? That remains to be seen in the examples below. "Bella Hadid" is not a designer yet, but she sure is her brand. And these days, part of her brand is exposing her hips with a one-two punch of high-cut bodysuit and low-slung trousers.Also illustrated here, in camo. Has your lower midriff not seen the light of non-beach day since the Simple Life was on air either? What are we going to DO? I can assure you these are low-rise. But could you wear these without tugging on your shirt hem every two seconds? Look at how short that rise is. Hold me—I'm scared. This is at couture. And I don't hate it because it is at couture, but also because it's surfer-y instead of plumber-y. For evening! The Carrie Bradshaw belt too!When tulle and leather almost make you forget about the horror show that will happen when you try to sit in a pair of low-rise pants. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Better set a 74th alarm.Maybe now more than ever, we need haute couture—to distract us with clothes so moving that we recognize there is still beauty amongst the ugliness in the world. Here, the very best of the very best. Caftans for life. Especially if they expose sternum. The baby's breath manes. The ribbon armlets. The CLOTHES. Top five, definitely. Who wants fingerless opera glove things now too? Does it get any better than Sasha in feathers? Draw me like one of your Degas dancer girls. Do you see this, Cate Blanchett? Gonna get a real adult job just so I can wear this.For your next desert expedition. Bonjour, bitch. Human? Stingray? Fashion.The only kind of swish we're interested in. Get me to a grand ballroom, stat. Every time I'm like, "I'm never getting married," Karl gives me reason to. Tears for tiers.Me emerging from the bedroom of my mega-yacht. Are you there, Rihanna? It's him, Antonio Grimaldi.Grecian Creamsicle. OKAY, he remakes this dress every season, but NO, it will never get old.Taylor Swift reshoots her "Bad Blood" video just so she can wear this outfit. And Selena Gomez defenestrates her wearing this. BOOTS WITH THE FUR.If I throw a party celebrating my first divorce and don't wear this, why even bother? You can count on Margiela to make you take a third look at this bustier/raincoat/cocktail dress hybrid. Walking into your ex's funeral like...IT HAS POCKETS.The most extra bomber, jeans, and T-shirt ever. Tulle: great in fluffy skirts. Tulle: even greater in sunbursts. Half woman, half sculpture, all Pygmalion magic.Bring the private rail car around, Archibald. Friend: "Don't dress up, it's casual." Me: 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Extremely itsy-bitsy and incredibly teeny-weeny. National Bikini Day took place in early July, and in celebration it's time to revisit the world's very first bikini—designed by Louis Réard and brought into our lives in 1946. Memories! The French designer revealed his creation (made with fabric that looks like newspapers) at Paris' Molitor pool, and naturally it was completely scandalous. In fact, Réard had such a rough time getting a model for his gasp-inducing design, that he ended up hiring 19-year-old nude dancer Micheline Bernardini to show it off. In the below photo, you can see that she's holding the bikini's conveniently labeled box.Also, fun fact: Réard is said to have named the bikini after Bikini Atoll, an atoll in the Marshall Islands where the atomic bomb was tested.Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Be a lot cooler if you didn't.According to us, the skirt length of the future approaches the ankle, but better yet with yards of ruffles swirling around it. Skeptical all that extra fabric wouldn't be suffocating in high summer? Think again—in fact, test it out yourself with 10 affordable midis and maxis we *know* will look and feel as cool having a personal, water-spritzing fan hanging around your neck. Plays to all the best nautical tropes, with room for more (white bikini, straw bag, leather slides, albatross). Storets, $58BUY IT: storets.com.Basically a sarong a can wear on dry land.Boohoo, $40BUY IT: us.boohoo.com.Looks way more expensive than it is, thanks to a fashion-y asymmetrical cut and coral print.Topshop, $40BUY IT: us.topshop.com.When a twirly, graph-paper print, bias-cut skirt goes on super sale, you gotta.Aritzia, $100BUY IT: aritzia.com.For maximum cohesiveness, order up a mojito. Or absinthe. Mango, $80BUY IT: shop.mango.com.No idea why they decided to shoot it like this when the main selling point is that, with one side magenta, and the other red, you get two skirts in one. Or just one with a split personality.Front Row Shop, $60BUY IT: frontrowshop.com.A dece substitute until you can afford Rodarte couture.H&M, $60BUY IT: hm.com.Very into a paperbag waist, even more into the Roman Holiday-ness of a full, pleated skirt.Uniqlo, $30BUY IT: uniqlo.com.Be extra and pair this crinkly lilac guy with even more metallic.& Other Stories, $65BUY IT: stories.com.So you only have to hike up one side when you sit so the train doesn't drag on the filthy floor. Practical.Zara, $40BUY IT: zara.com.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			In some ways, the model was all of us in a wrap dress.We've all been there—that feeling when you're wearing a wrap dress that you might expose a little more than you wanted. So while Bella Hadid's turn on the Alexandre Vauthier couture catwalk isn't an experience many of us can relate to, her wardrobe struggle is. The model wore a floor-length bejeweled gown with a plunging neckline and a deep split. It looked sensational, but the cut of the gown meant that Hadid spent the duration of the catwalk grappling with the top of the split so that she wouldn't flash the front row (and indeed anyone looking at pictures of the show in future).Fortunately, she managed not to expose herself and clearly bore no ill feelings to the designer, sharing an Instagram picture of herself in the dress.It was a show full of bold outfit choices for the 20-year-old, who also modeled a completely sheer top.Bella Hadid, a consummate professional through and through.Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.From: Harper's BAZAAR UK		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			From a giant Eiffel Tower replica to a very star-studded front row. Today, Chanel took over Paris' Grand Palais for its Fall 2017 couture show. From the Parisian-inspired set to Karl Lagerfeld receiving a very special honor, here's everything to know from the show. 1) The set was inspired by the iconic fashion house's home-base: Paris. Models walked underneath a giant Eiffel Tower replica that was created to overarch the runway.   The #CHANELtower recreated at the Grand Palais for the #CHANELHauteCouture Fall-Winter 2017/18 showA post shared by  CHANEL (@chanelofficial) on Jul 4, 2017 at 1:11am PDT2) The front row was especially star-studded this season. Attendees included Pharrell Williams, Julianne Moore, Tilda Swinton, Katy Perry, Tracee Ellis Ross, Rowan Blanchard, Cara Delevingne, Kristen Stewart and more.  3) Every look was topped off with a boater hat. Karl Lagerfeld is bringing the early 20th century hat back. The accessory was presented in a variety of tweeds, satin and leather. 4) The collection itself featured a somber color palette of grays and blacks. The first 25 looks were all variations of gray, later leading to head-to-toe black ensembles and a gorgeous Chanel bride in all-white for the finale. Much like the hats, the designs were a nod to the elegance of an early 20th century woman.  [instagram align='center' id='BWHpdh9AKUl']5) But the makeup was a technicolor dream. Every model's look featured an over-the-top rainbow eyeshadow, a bright and welcome contrast to the dark-hued collection.  6) At the end of the show, Karl Lagerfeld received the highest honor of Paris. The city's mayor Anne Hidalgo presented the designer with a Grand Vermeil medal, the highest distinction the city offers, for his work in the French capital. [instagram align='center' id='BWH3xfCnnr2']Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.From: Harper's BAZAAR US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			So much beauty.From tulle gowns, to sequinned florals, to delicately draped chiffon, the Giambattista Valli Haute Couture Show in Paris was a cacophony of beauty. Here are the best looks from the runway.Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.Paris Fashion Week - Haute Couture Fall/Winter 2017-2018Paris Fashion Week - Haute Couture Fall/Winter 2017-2018Paris Fashion Week - Haute Couture Fall/Winter 2017-2018Paris Fashion Week - Haute Couture Fall/Winter 2017-2018Paris Fashion Week - Haute Couture Fall/Winter 2017-2018Paris Fashion Week - Haute Couture Fall/Winter 2017-2018Paris Fashion Week - Haute Couture Fall/Winter 2017-2018Paris Fashion Week - Haute Couture Fall/Winter 2017-2018Paris Fashion Week - Haute Couture Fall/Winter 2017-2018Paris Fashion Week - Haute Couture Fall/Winter 2017-2018Paris Fashion Week - Haute Couture Fall/Winter 2017-2018Paris Fashion Week - Haute Couture Fall/Winter 2017-2018Paris Fashion Week - Haute Couture Fall/Winter 2017-2018Paris Fashion Week - Haute Couture Fall/Winter 2017-2018Paris Fashion Week - Haute Couture Fall/Winter 2017-2018Paris Fashion Week - Haute Couture Fall/Winter 2017-2018Paris Fashion Week - Haute Couture Fall/Winter 2017-2018Paris Fashion Week - Haute Couture Fall/Winter 2017-2018Paris Fashion Week - Haute Couture Fall/Winter 2017-2018Paris Fashion Week - Haute Couture Fall/Winter 2017-2018Paris Fashion Week - Haute Couture Fall/Winter 2017-2018Paris Fashion Week - Haute Couture Fall/Winter 2017-2018Paris Fashion Week - Haute Couture Fall/Winter 2017-2018Paris Fashion Week - Haute Couture Fall/Winter 2017-2018Paris Fashion Week - Haute Couture Fall/Winter 2017-2018Paris Fashion Week - Haute Couture Fall/Winter 2017-2018Paris Fashion Week - Haute Couture Fall/Winter 2017-2018Paris Fashion Week - Haute Couture Fall/Winter 2017-2018Paris Fashion Week - Haute Couture Fall/Winter 2017-2018Paris Fashion Week - Haute Couture Fall/Winter 2017-2018		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's covered in sequins.Kristen Stewart can always pull off outfits that many of us couldn't—and the sequinned ensemble she wore to the Chanel couture show is no different. The actor turned up to see the new collection in Paris wearing a strapless jumpsuit that was covered in sequins, and ended just below the knee. The takeaway? Tube tops and capri pants are back in style, like it's the nineties.Stewart kept her accessorizing to a minimum in order to let the sequinned tube jumpsuit take center stage, teaming it with a pair of black pointed court shoes and circular shades. Her buzzcut featured platinum frosted tips and her make-up was, as usual, pared back. Stewart is no stranger to trying out a daring look. Although she is one of the few women who could make a skintight disco catsuit look quite so spectacular at 11 in the morning, the trend is certainly one that we can see creeping back.Trust Kristen Stewart to bring back even more nineties trends we didn't know we needed, until now.Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.From: Harper's BAZAAR UK		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			And her underwear looks amazing.Bella Hadid never fails to surprise with her style choices, and her latest ensemble is, well, pretty magical, actually. Not only does the Dior gown look like the naked dress Minnie Mouse would wear, it looks perfect from every angle. Attending the Christian Dior exhibition launch at Musee Des Arts Decoratifs in Paris on Monday, Hadid's naked, sparkly, floor-length, polka dot gown was sheer perfection. As always, the model made the outfit look effortless, and her shades accentuated that feeling.The exhibition celebrated 70 years of Dior, and Hadid's gown was perfectly at home at the launch event. Even her Dior emblazoned underwear, which was totally visible through the gown, looked amazing.Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.From: ELLE US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Answering the question: Can you have too much baby's breath?The Rodarte Spring 2018 collection just showed at Paris Couture Week and the clothes are only the second (or maybe even third) thing you'll notice. The collection, by Kate and Laura Mulleavy features flowy, sheer fabrics, sparkly fringe and lots of florals, but it's the floral embellishments not on the dresses that will really grab your eye—specifically the flower crowns: And the flower shawls: The crowns though, were next level:  Gorgeous details from the beautiful @Rodarte show, the label's first outing in Paris. 📷: @rebeccaramsA post shared by  The Cut (@thecut) on Jul 2, 2017 at 8:47am PDT REGRAM: the SS18 finale- Haute Couture Week in Paris (ph: @handinfire). Thank you to our amazing team: @odilegilbert_official @jameskaliardos @luxebytracylee @jv8inc @framenoir @shirleykurata @ashleyfurnival @liincstudio @josephfree @michelgaubert #zachcowie #therodarteteam #lindaheathermelanie and the incredible @bureaubetak! 🌸🌸🌸 #rodarteA post shared by  RODARTE (@rodarte) on Jul 2, 2017 at 10:17am PDTYour move, Coachella.Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.From: ELLE US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The show featured the American label's signature style, and was dominated by dresses in a plethora of fabrics.The Proenza Schouler team—designers Jack McCollough and Lazaro Hernandez, and chief executive Judd Crane—just debuted their Fall/Winter 2017-2018 collection at Haute Couture Paris Fashion Week. The show showcased the American label's signature style, and was dominated by dresses in a plethora of fabrics. Here are the best looks.,From: ELLE US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The model has a signature style.When it comes to fashion, Bella Hadid has a signature style, and her latest look is no exception. Wearing a fitted white gown, tapered at the waist, with red lips, and a perfectly coifed long bob, Hadid channelled one of Marilyn Monroe's most memorable looks.Hadid favors floor length gowns with impressive slits, so when she attended the Bulgari Party in Venice this week, she chose a stunning outfit. Here are some of the best dresses she's ever worn, with the highest, and most insane, leg slits. Her latest look is reminiscent of Marilyn Monroe's classic style, but incorporates Hadid's love of extremely high leg slits.Hadid's naked gown was designed by London-based designers Michael Russo and Tamara Ralph, and featured the model's trademark leg slit.At Cannes, Hadid looked flawless in this light pink silk Alexandre Vauthier gown.Hadid's obsession with impressive leg slit dresses isn't new. The model's Alexandre Vauthier Couture red dress, with its waist high slit, was completely unforgettable. Hadid's love of leg slits translates well to shorter dresses, too.Walking in the Brandon Maxwell show at New York Fashion Week, Hadid wore a familiar style down the runway.Wearing Baja East, Hadid found a way to incorporate a leg slit into her outfit off the runway.Basically, Hadid makes dramatic, and revealing, leg slits work literally all of the time. Her style is completely timeless.Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.From: ELLE US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			😬It's been a day since Kendall and Kylie Jenner released a collection of "vintage" t-shirts, featuring selfies of the sisters superimposed over classic designs for figures and groups like the Notorious B.I.G. and Pink Floyd.  The Jenners faced an immediate backlash, including an Instagram callout (and threatened lawsuit) from Biggie's mother Voletta Wallace... ...as well as a cease and desist from The Doors......and a public roast from Sharon Osbourne, over a shirt bearing Ozzy's face:On Thursday, the Jenners scrubbed their social media feeds of any of the designs, and posted long apologizes for putting together the strange collection in the first place:"These designs were not well thought out and we deeply apologize to anyone that has been upset and/or offended, especially to the families of the artists. We are huge fans of their music and it was not our intention to disrespect these cultural icons in [sic] anyway. The tee shirts have been pulled from retail and all images have been removed. We will use this as an opportunity to learn from these mistakes and again, we are very sorry."Social media users, particularly on Twitter, were of two minds about the apology, with some applauding the Jenner sisters for taking action and others still asking, why was this collection ever approved in the first place:The Kardashian-Jenner controversy learning curve continues!Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.From: Cosmopolitan US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The outfits that made her an icon.Innately tied to her memory is Princess Diana's fashion sense, which changed as she grew into her role as as a beloved public figure. Here, a look back at 50 of her chicest outfits. BBTB. (Bring Back the Bolero. Please sign my petition.) Not what you expected, eh? That's what makes it so great and modern, as the celebrity-off-duty look in beta. Or alpha. Not an ad for Yves Saint Laurent, but very well could be. Another wonderful evening option, this one with an off-the-shoulder neckline and yards of pink satin. But our very favorites might be the ones in simpler silhouettes, which she tended to favor later. Though velvet is never a bad idea. See—more velvet. (Bruce Oldfield ain't bad either.) Wowza. How is this real? Regal. Statuesque. Versus an interesting juxtaposition—even just in her sartorial choices, she grew so much in a few years. The original end-of-the-night, into-the-car pap shot. Even in costume—at a Canadian barbecue, no less—she looked like a queen. The sheerness makes this feel really fresh. BBTH. (Bring Back the Halter. Sign my other petition.)So '80s, kind of frivolous, but still marvelous. Love a drop waist. It might not be your first guess, but red was definitely one of Princess Di's best colors. If it isn't there already, this fire Christina Stambolian number will live in the "fashion" section of your brain forever. Phew. Raise your hand if you're having an extremely rough time deciding whether '80s or '90s Diana is the best. This COLOR. Sequins by Catherine Walker. Nice color, nicer accessorizing. I love this period in her style. Too chic. Ideas in styling: Wearing a necklace as a headband and a massive bow on your shoulder. Before it all began. Versus near the too-soon end. Top 10, for sure. And now, let us admire some headwear, starting with schooner of a hat. And this jaunty, feathery chapeau. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Meaning a FULL RANGE of skin tones. Four years ago, Christian Louboutin launched his Nudes Collection, a line of pumps in five shades of nude. Since then the brand has expanded from its initial five shades to seven, and added a ballerina flat called the Solasofia to its selection.  The Solasofia, $595, christianlouboutin.com. SHOPToday, Louboutin takes the collection one step further adding two high-heel sandals to the mix, the Christeriva and the Cherrysandal.Available for $875, the Christeriva is a ballet-inspired stiletto design with grosgrain ribbon wraps.  The Christeriva, $875, christianlouboutin.com. SHOPThe Cherrysandal, an ankle strap sandal with a chunky platform, retails for $895. The Cherrysandal, $895, christianlouboutin.com. SHOPKnown for his "nude is not a color, it's a concept," attitude, it's exciting to see that Christian Louboutin will continue to offer women of all skin tones a shoe option that actually matches.  [image id="177604" caption="" loc="C" share="true" expand="true" size="M"Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.From: ELLE US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Or just Ricky Martin's abs. When new stills from The Assassination of Gianni Versace: American Crime Story were released Friday, the world gasped, first at the sight of Ricky Martin's external obliques (they jut out like plane propellers, dude), then at the breathtaking opulence of the costumes and sets. But because not everybody can build their own Italianate palazzo, here, 10 buys that capture that particular, OTT aesthetic. Why do busts always look like their moms have just asked them to take out the trash? CapitalFam, $20BUY IT: etsy.com.Really good for festivals if your idea of camping is roughing it in an RV.  Versace, $1,995BUY IT: net-a-porter.com.Neo-neoclassical. (Also, Hercules, the Disney animated film.) Jonathan Adler, $295BUY IT: jonathanadler.com.Make your friends kiss it after you bless them.Versace, $113BUY IT: ssense.com.Pomp and paisley for the cost of a big salad.Topshop, $15BUY IT: us.topshop.com.For recreating Ricky Martin's character shot after every shower. Versace, $435BUY IT: us.amara.com.Exposé: Blac Chyna Is Living in 3017. (Look at this outfit!!!)Versace, $95BUY IT: therealreal.com.Meanwhile, here is a sweatshirt similar to one Gigi Hadid wore.Versace, $458BUY IT: farfetch.com.The preppiness of a half-zip with the print of a Miami playboy. Versace, $673BUY IT: theoutnet.com.Hehe. Versace, $50BUY IT: saksfifthavenue.com.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The emperor's new/old clothes.There wasn't a truth-telling child included in the Vetements Spring 2018 lookbook, but there were ordinary citizens of Zurich Avedon-posing their hearts out in a greatest hits roundup of Demna Gvasalia's "reworked" Umbro shirts and windbreakers. Has the ruse gone on too long? Maybe—but even better than laughing along with the joke is being in on it.When this superstar designer moves to your quiet hometown and makes you hunch over for Fashion. Work it, girl. Give us a twirl. Fab. Fun fact: The subjects all chose what they're wearing themselves, which means Zurich has the highest styling ability per capita, probably.  We love it. She loves it. (You can tell.)Find your light.Find your wind machine. (Okay, the street-casting idea is brilliant.) Next campaign, sorted. Is the plastic bag part of the collection or no? And will we have another IKEA situation on our hands? 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			(There are still diamonds, so it's okay.)Should you want to splash out for a white stallion in unicorn masquerade and/or camera crew—the better to go viral with, my dear—for your engagement, by all means, shoot your shot. Because ahead, we've got 10 gorgeous engagement rings, most of which fall well under the old three months' salary rule (not to make any assumptions about your earning power).For the couple that will appreciate this fine example of the Arts and Crafts movement (slash knows what that is).Marteau, $249BUY IT: marteau.co.Very cool that this guy really leans into the absence of a central stone. AUrate, $750BUY IT: aurate.com.A marquise aquamarine and six diamonds and "Sure, I will." Jacquie Aiche, $875BUY IT: jacquieaiche.com.Not a jawbreaker diamond, but will make your friends examine it closely, just the same.Jennie Kwon, $325BUY IT: net-a-porter.com.So pretty you'll pay to keep it when things go sour (damn you, Emily Post). "That's not going to happen, though, don't worry!" she said hurriedly. Tiphaine Van Eeckhout, $812BUY IT:  madlords.com.A phalanx of white topaz. Loren Stewart, $360BUY IT: net-a-porter.com.Not sure why, but the idea of a sapphire engagement ring is very romantic. This one's made even better with a unique offset design and black diamonds. Selin Kent, $850BUY IT: selinkent.com.Sits at the very top of this list price-wise, but it's so elegant you won't really mind. Vrai & Oro, $1,209BUY IT: vow.vraiandoro.com.DANGLY DIAMONDS. WOW. Pascale Monvoisin, $504BUY IT: pascalemonvoisin.com.And for the minimalist, a tiny opal. Because it's the meaning behind the ring that counts. Wwake, $320BUY IT: net-a-porter.com.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's impossible to pick a favorite.The 2017 BET Awards are happening in Los Angeles and some of the biggest names in entertainment are there. Here are some of our favorite looks from the night. From: ELLE US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Land of the free, home of the fashionable.Our country has a long history of fiercely independent free thinkers—like these 21 trailblazing talents behind America's biggest and most boundary-pushing fashion brands. Here, they reveal the inspirations for their fall collections, and how they see our nation now.Dress, price upon request, wide bracelet, $725, narrow bracelet, $625, sandals, $910, Proenza Schouler. Top, $625, skirt, $4,950, necklace, price upon request, rubberized cuff, $385, sandals, $910, Proenza Schouler.Jacket, $598, Top, $298, Bodysuit, $268, Diane Von Furstenburg. On hair: Not Your Mother's Naturals Tahitian Gardenia Flower & Mango Butter Curl Defining Combing Cream. Top, $695, turtleneck, $295, pants, $850, boots, $1,295, Calvin Klein. Dress, price upon request, earrings, $495, Ralph Lauren Collection. Dress, $3,490, jeans, $750, necklace, $2,250, Ralph Lauren Collection; shoes, $910, Proenza Schouler. From left: Coat, price upon request, bodysuit, $995, shoes, $950, Gabriela Hearst. Top, $690, skirt, $1,495, shoes, $895, Sies Marjan. Jacket, top, skirt & belt, prices upon request, Rodarte. On eyes: Maybelline New York The Colossal Big Shot Mascara. Dress & boots, prices upon request, Monse. Coat, price upon request, jacket, $3,770, top, $590, pants, $2,200, tie, $190, shoes, $3,400, Thom Browne. On hair: Nexxus City Shield DD Crème. Dress, price upon request, Brandon Maxwell; boots, $1,295, Gianvito Rossi. Dress, price upon request, neck sash, $390, tights, $160, Tom Ford; shoes, $675, Gianvito Rossi. Coat, $3,900, jacket, $795, top, $350, skirt, $495, hat, $595, boots, $295, Coach 1941. Jacket, $2,400, top, $350, skirt, $550, Coach 1941. Dress, price upon request, boots, $2,290, Oscar De La Renta. Dress, $3,990, boots, $4,990, Oscar De La Renta. Coat, $4,200, jacket, $3,425, sweater, price upon request, pants, $295, earrings, $250, rings, $175, shoes, $1,800, Marc Jacobs; hat, $750, Stephen Jones for Marc Jacobs. Dress, $1,295, Alexander Wang. Vest, price upon request, top, $895, leggings, $695, Alexander Wang. On brows: Benefit Cosmetics Gimme Brow Volumizing Fiber Gel. Dress, price upon request, belt, $290, gloves, $695, boots, $795, Michael Kors Collection. Coat, price upon request, dress, $2,075, belt, $290, boots, $795, Michael Kors Collection. Top, $1,390, skirt, $1,290, Carolina Herrera; hat, $214, Stetson. Jacket, $2,990, top, $1,090, skirt, $1,190, Carolina Herrera; hat, $425, Stetson. Fashion Editor: Enrique Campos | Hair: Tuan Anh Tran for R+Co at Art Department | Makeup: Campbell Ritchie for Lancôme at Art Department | Models: Xiara Waller at Fusion Model Management; Danielle Ellsworth at The Society Management | Location: Hankins Farm, Virginia This article appears in the July issue of Marie Claire, on newsstands now.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's not a phase. Some places have already called a time of death on millennial pink, but wait—isn't it just...a color? Whether you believe calling a rosy hue by any other name makes it any different from its non-feminist/gender-neutral form, here, shop 12 items in honor of National Pink Day (real). Does your medicine cabinet need a "Moisturizing Sorbet Cream?" Yes. Yes, it does—and not just for the Top Shelfie. Caudalie, $39BUY IT: us.caudalie.com.With marbled acetate and real gold hardware, this is an Italian villa you can wear on your face. Krewe, $315BUY IT: krewe.com.Checks all the basic-but-aren't-we-all boxes: bubbles, rosé, limited-edition. Chandon, $28BUY IT: chandon.com.Not sure, tho.Lingua Franca, $360BUY IT: net-a-porter.com.On the other hand, so sure about this bucket bag we called it a new classic. Staud, $350BUY IT: staud.clothing.com.Aprons: They're not just for hanging in your kitchen because you can't even microwave popcorn without it exploding anymore. Rebecca Vallance, $510BUY IT: net-a-porter.com.Rolls like a dream, weighs itself, and won't get lost amongst all the dreary black/silver cases. Raden, $295BUY IT: raden.com.On sale! On my mind for the past two years! Liudmila, $457BUY IT: aere-store.com.Everybody else has one that says "Daddy."Harding Lane, $40BUY IT: openingceremony.com.Wear these until your earlobes droop, then you have to get fillers injected into them so you can wear these again until they don't lie flat anymore. Repeat.Jennifer Behr, $450BUY IT: modaoperandi.com.Dreaming of living in this little linen playsuit all summer. Sleeper, $220BUY IT: the-sleeper.com.Don't leave home without it. (Seriously—a silk eye mask makes tossing and turning on a plane the temperature of a meat locker so much nicer.) Slip, $45BUY IT: sephora.com.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			There's no coming back from these.Everything comes back eventually, according to the Law of Cyclical Fashion Trends, but at this particular moment in time, we can be quite certain these five things have a good while to go before they return. See what these un-chosen ones are ahead (then quickly move from closet to cold storage). They are doing great things with denim these days, but none of these includes flies so short you start zipping, then a second later, go "Oh. That's all." This is because ultra low-rise jeans are not terribly flattering, nor are they very comfortable, which negates any other reason a monstrous person might like to wear them. (Plumber butt? I don't know.) There is a time and a place for belts that serve no purpose other than decoration—that time is not quite now, nor is the place quite here...yet. (We are beginning to see activity, though, so hold on.) But even then, no more B belts, probably ever again. The new purposeless waist-cincher is more compact and more discreet than before. Think jewelry, not a wrestling championship trophy. With aughties nostalgia at an all-time high, there are rumblings, my friend. But with the ghastly stretchiness and "hittin' da club" connotations, the Bandage Dress 2.0 won't look very much like its predecessor. Body-con never truly goes out of style, but when wound dressings as fashion return, they'll likely come back longer and a bit looser than before. Even worse: When it's a round toe and the platform's covered. ::whole-body shudder:: By themselves, each feature is swell, but together? Truly fug. A far smarter buy would be a chic, classic single-sole pump. Salvageable bits: the white tank and the camo pants. The rest? Burn it—or find less visually offensive alternatives, such as a Kate Moss-ian skinny scarf or some Verdura cuffs. We can assure you this particular combo is never, ever coming back, so you can rest easy giving it to Goodwill. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Her latest gold leaf-adorned gown is a stunner.Emma Watson is currently promoting The Circle in Paris. Last night, she stepped out in the princess dress version of your childhood bedsheets (by Miu Miu, naturally). Today, the press tour fashion marathon continues, and Watson has already been photographed in four different outfits. She wore a red dress for her TF1 Facebook Live interview this morning:Then, a black off-the-shoulder top with sheer sleeves for additional press:And a wispy black dress to hide copies of A Handmaid's Tale in the streets:She capped this off with her photo call outfit: a garden-like Louis Vuitton dress with very on-trend leg slits and Santoni heels. The gold-leaf detailing on it is gorgeous, particularly against that background:The only question that remains is whether there will be one last evening look to close out a smashing day of style. We're waiting with bated breath.Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.From: ELLE US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Seeing double!Kendall Jenner freely admits that Paris Hilton is one of her fashion icons. "Paris is a family friend, so, like our big sisters, we have always admired her fashion sense," she said to W Magazine of her 21st birthday look. Bet you didn't realize, however, that she's been influenced by Paris' style many other times. Check out all their #twinning looks here. Party like a disco ball!How low can they go?Paris wore her bralette as a shirt before that was even a thing.Kendall apparently missed the bomber and paperboy cap part of the memo.Color scheme on point.Taking gladiator shoes to the next level.Why wear a regular dress when you can wear a naked dress?Kendall's furry bag charm is basically a stand-in for Paris' dog Tinkerbell (RIP).Even on the runway, Kendall's putting out Paris vibes!Paris took a plunge, but Kendall's got her beat on #FreeingTheNipple.One thing's for sure: 2000s-era Paris never would have condoned Kendall's high-rise pants.Partying in their PJs and living the dream!From: Cosmopolitan US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			(And here's proof.)Every year, more than 400,000 people make the trek to the Las Vegas Motor Speedway for the Electronic Daisy Carnival, the three-day music festival where people dance like there's no tomorrow, dress like ravers, and do all sorts of other fun things (like walk around glow-in-the-dark installations and hit the carnival rides). This year, we made the journey (a two-hour drive—or a 15-minute helicopter ride into the desert) to see what all the hype was about. From the 3-D superstructures to the nonstop music and the over-the-top fashion, there's no shortage of things to do, see, and hear. And, as if the festival itself isn't enough, the city itself was vibrating with EDC energy, with acts like Major Lazer playing at the Encore Beach Club less than 24 hours after headlining the festival the night before.If you missed out this year, we got you covered. Check out some of the best moments from the weekend and shop EDC-worthy looks below. Video by Kevin Lu, Images by Insomniac Jeremy Scott dress, $344BUY IT: yoox.comJeremy Scott shirt, $112BUY IT: yoox.comCourreges sunglasses, $318BUY IT: farfetch.comAlexis Bittar bracelet, $245BUY IT: alexisbittar.comMarc Jacobs boots, $395BUY IT: shopbop.com Stella McCartney dress, $765BUY IT: fwrd.comMoschino dress, $650BUY IT: stylebop.comRave Ready tank top, $34.99BUY IT: raveready.comTheBohipstian shorts, $30BUY IT: etsy.comNeil Barrett shirt, $255BUY IT: fwrd.comFollow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"Kim, there's people dying."Jewels at the beach might not seem like the brightest idea, but I ain't the sharpest tool in the shed a few shiny bits and bobs look wicked winking against bronzed (but still sun-protected!) skin. Here, shop 10 long necklaces to wear, preferably backward, with nothing but a swimsuit and some broad-spectrum SPF. "Shake it like a Polaroid picture" made even better with some happy crystals. Catherine Weitzman, $210BUY IT: catherineweitzman.com.Style it so the tassel ends trail down your back. Chloé, $655BUY IT: net-a-porter.com.Picturing this against a black bikini. J.Crew, $118BUY IT: jcrew.com.You're crazy if you don't wear this with a plunge-front maillot. Crazy. five and two Lane, $57BUY IT: urbanoutfitters.com.In my mind, already doubling it up for a headband and a double necklace and a bracelet...Mignonne Gavigan, $165BUY IT: mignonnegavigan.com.Is that a chicken nugget? Let's pretend it is.Mango, $26BUY IT: shop.mango.com.Onion ring. Beaufille, $200BUY IT: modaoperandi.com.A handmade teardrop that hangs precisely between your boobs. (Wink, wink.) Shaesby, $565BUY IT: shop.shaesby.com.It's called the "Fractured Memory" necklace, and it's from a brand inspired by Dante. Aesthetic. Alighieri, $265BUY IT: shop.alighieri.co.uk.Two—coins and an arrow that rests in the divot between your collarbones—for the price of one.Zara, $20BUY IT: zara.com.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			👜👑Selena Gomez signed a deal with the famous luxury label Coach back in December, and she's been making good on it ever since. First up was her delicate starry look at this year's Met Gala, and now she's serving up face (and gorgeous handbags) in her first-ever ad campaign for the brand.The photos, by iconic fashion photog Steven Meisel, are warm and inviting but also sharply chic. The shots also invoke the same '70s style that Selena's clearly fond of; after all, she just personally released a line of throwback "Bad Liar" merch. Coach's bread and butter will always be those forever iconic handbags, but leave it to Selena to be the perfect model of the line's clothes as well. It may be high summer right now, but these shots have got us coveting autumn and winter wares. (Maybe these can be laid away a season? Asking for a friend.)Coach, of course, shared some behind the scenes of their new spokeswoman, and gave some lyrical shoutouts to "Bad Liar" too: [instagram align='center' id='BVkGOYQFhKg'] Creative director @StuartVevers and @SelenaGomez are all smiles behind the scenes of the Coach fall campaign. #CoachxSelena #CoachNYA post shared by  Coach (@coach) on Jun 20, 2017 at 2:54pm PDTBased on the smiles all around (and of course, the end result), it seems like this fashion campaign was a perfect match.Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.From: Cosmopolitan US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The heiress to the Austrian crystal empire married in a fairytale Italian ceremony.Victoria Swarovski married her long-term boyfriend Werner Mürz over the weekend. The lavish ceremony took place in Trieste, Italy, and, as to be expected when you're the heiress to a crystal empire, the bride sparkled from head to toe.The 23-year-old singer chose a custom-made wedding gown by Dubai-based designer Michael Cinco, and of course, the princess-style design was encrusted with Swarovski crystals. The dress featured a sheer bodice and tulle skirt adorned with paillettes and laser-cut flowers. According to Cinco, the fairytale-inspired look was complete with a 6-meter-long train. Victoria and Werner, a property investor, are said to have gotten engaged last May after seven years of dating. And along with a wedding dress with a rumored £700,000 price tag, there was no expense spared at this couple's glamorous wedding. Their nuptials were a three-day event, with a "pasta and love" welcome dinner for guests the night before the wedding, held at the five-star Hotel Falisia in Portopiccolo, followed by a farewell brunch the next day," the Daily Mail reports. After the ceremony, the newlyweds celebrated with family and friends at the reception, where guests were reportedly treated to a five-tier wedding cake and a fireworks display. And before the bride could hit the dance floor, she changed into another jewel-embellished dress, also designed by Cinco.Following the celebrations, Victoria posted a photo from her honeymoon in Saint Tropez. "Happiest girl ever," she wrote. Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.From: Harper's BAZAAR UK		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Michelle Obama in J. Crew this is not…In 2008, after wearing a yellow J. Crew ensemble on the Tonight Show with Jay Leno, Michelle Obama caused a surge in sales for the mall brand and solidified herself as a stylish woman of the people. News broke around the same time that Sarah Palin had a $150,000 budget for her campaign wardrobe, setting Obama in stark contrast—and the first lady went on to continue championing affordably-priced wares via her appearances throughout her husband's term. Fast forward nearly 10 years to First Lady Melania Trump, who, on the occasion of her move to the White House, has started sporting more understated looks than her typically buttoned-up garb—perhaps a strategic move to appear more relatable to voters around the country. But while Melania may be putting a more casual facade forward, it's still not an approachable one.Returning from Camp David yesterday, the first lady paired khaki-colored jeans and a white denim button-down with a white Céline Luggage Phantom bag (which retails around $3,000) and Manolo Blahnik python sandals ($800): Earlier in the weekend at Camp David, she donned a white shirtdress, priced $1,795:And on her first official day as a D.C inhabitant, she wore Dolce & Gabbana trousers and a Bally white cotton tee—paired with an approximately $10,000 Hermès Birkin bag:While we love a good fashion moment, the first lady's casual looks were, it must be said, a missed opportunity to show the American people that she's mindful of how the other half lives, too. Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.From: Harper's BAZAAR US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Ruffled sleeves, raffia bags, effortless mules—the gang's all here. In case you haven't noticed, it's hot outside, people. No doubt by now you've traded your trench for cutoffs and flats for sandals, but you're probably still in the market for those summer hero pieces to wear. Enter Forward by Elyse Walker's exclusive High Summer capsule collection, which features more than 40 exclusive pieces from 22 of today's hottest designers, including Altuzarra, Jonathan Simkhai, Ellery, Cushnie et Ochs, LPA, Zimmermann, Marques' Almeida, Maryam Nassir Zadeh, Mark Cross, and more. With matching sets, easy off-the-shoulder dresses, and day-to-night silks, this is one summer fling you'll want to last well into fall. Hello, Fourth of July outfit!Alexis dress, $748BUY IT: fwrd.comEverything's coming up rose-tinted.Barton Perreira sunglasses, $510BUY IT: fwrd.comTwirl for dramatic effect.Ellery top, $770BUY IT: fwrd.comSilky slip dress, meet the silky jumpsuit.Galvan jumpsuit, $1,160BUY IT: fwrd.comNo summer fantasy is complete without a raffia bag.Mark Cross bag, $2095BUY IT: fwrd.comHas the vibe of lingerie, but is totally appropriate for day.Jonathan Simkhai dress, $895BUY IT: fwrd.comFound: the perfect woven crop top.LPA top, $168BUY IT: fwrd.comBring beach babe vibes to your summer barbecue.LPA top, $108LPA skirt, $168BUY IT: fwrd.comThe perfect summer Saturday uniform.Sandy Liang top, $360Re/Done shorts, $250BUY IT: fwrd.comNowhere near the water? Dip your toes into these powder blue mules instead.Maryam Nassir Zadeh mule, $409BUY IT: fwrd.comA sexy reimagining of the little white dress—a hot weather staple.LPA top, $118LPA skirt, $198BUY IT: fwrd.comSteal the show at every summer wedding.Zimmermann dress, $695BUY IT: fwrd.comGo ahead, tie one on.Altuzarra espadrilles, $595BUY IT: fwrd.comBillowy sleeves and red gingham keep the off-the-shoulder look fresh.Marques' Almeida top, $350BUY IT: fwrd.com		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			This is huge.• Amazon quietly announced Prime Wardrobe, a service that lets you try on clothes before buying them.• With Prime Wardrobe, you have a week to decide what to keep and what to send back, and you get discounts based on how many items you keep. • It's a competitor to companies like Stitch Fix and Trunk Club, but foregoes the stylists and lets you just select the clothes you want.Shopping online for clothes is addictive and fun—until you get the actual box and realize that shirt you loved looks all wrong on you. But now, one of the biggest retailers in America is trying to fix that. CNBC reports that Amazon is now testing Prime Wardrobe, a service that lets you try on clothes before you buy them.Eventually, all Amazon Prime members will be eligible for the service. You just have to look out for the "Prime Wardrobe" icon when you're shopping for clothes on Amazon. The company says the program will include more than one million items from its in-house brands plus labels like Calvin Klein, Adidas, and Levi's. Once you get your box delivered, you have seven days to decide what you want to keep and what you want to send back. If you keep three or four items, you get 10% off, and if you keep five or more, you get 20% off. And the box contains a prepaid label so you can send it back once you have decided. Shipping and returns are free.Prime Wardrobe will compete with companies like Stitch Fix or Trunk Club, which send boxes of clothes for you to try before purchasing. But Amazon's difference is it lets you pick which individual items you want shipped to you—no stylist in the middle. So it's good if you're extremely picky or know exactly what you want, but bad if you want general style advice or want to branch out a little. Amazon made the announcement pretty quietly, TechCrunch notes, without any official press release, but with a video explaining the service. There's now a link on their website that explains more, and you can sign up to be notified when Prime Wardrobe gets started.Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			With extreme humidity thrown in for good measure.The conditions at Firefly Music Festival in Dover, Delaware this weekend: boiling and extremely humid—with a chance of lightning. Not the best weather for looking cute, but these artists and attendees still managed to do it. See the best outfits ahead. The '90s girl group vibes are strong with this trio, who coordinated down to the thrifted camo and tinted sunglasses. Somebody listened when we said one of our favorite styling tricks for the summer was an open shirtdress over shorts (or a skirt). A pair of stylish friends in mirrored sunnies and printed co-ords. Laura in all secondhand clothing (while registering festival-goers to vote, 🙌). Pretty ambitious wearing light-colored satin pants in 90-degree heat, but she more than pulls it off. Sofi Tukker keeping it cool in summery whites. Isn't it neat? Flowy, drape-y, shiny things on Philadelphia band Louie Louie. Fun fact: Drummer Jenna hand-makes all their costumes.Victory rolls and a rockabilly sensibility, as seen before MUNA. Speaking of, the girls of MUNA in slick black and yellow. (Also, spot the Cheetos. A girl after our own heart.) Julia from Sunflower Bean in a minidress with sheer overlay. And winner of happiest person at Firefly, Mandy of MisterWives in a poppy pink and white ensemble. Note the rainbow bag. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Meta.The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge joined the Queen and Prince Philip for the first day of Royal Ascot on Tuesday. Following her debut at the five-day horse-racing meeting in 2016, the Duchess embraced the June sunshine in an understated but elegant Alexander McQueen design. Despite the sweltering heat, Kate opted for a high-neck style and kept her hair swept up in a low chignon.Paired with a matching white hat, Kate's latest lace outfit looked very familiar. Although we haven't seen her where this exact dress before, it looked remarkably similar to the Dolce & Gabbana design worn by the Duchess last year.Still, with temperatures reaching almost 30 degrees Celsius at the Berkshire racecourse, wearing crisp white was a sensible choice. Unfortunately for the men, the dress code in the Royal Enclosure isn't so suited for such hot weather. The rules state they must wear black or grey morning dress with a waistcoat and tie, plus a black or grey top hat, and as Prince William reminded us, formal Ascot attire isn't ideal during a hot spell...Meanwhile the Queen, who is known to love watching horse-racing, looked thrilled to be there. She opted for a lime green outfit, teamed with a correspondingly colored hat. The royals, who arrived at the races in the traditional carriage procession, were joined by Prince Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall, Prince Edward and the Countess of Wessex, Princess Anne ,and her daughter Zara Phillips. Up to 300,000 people are due to attend the event over the next five days. The highlight of the British social calendar is known as the most glamorous event in horse-racing, with the most outlandish hats expected on Ladies' Day.Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.From: Harper's BAZAAR UK		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The higher the hat, the closer to Kate Middleton. The 2017 Royal Ascot is currently happening over in England, and while it's *technically* a horse race, we can all agree that this event is just an excuse for people to wear massive hats that challenge the very notion of gravity. And this year's gaggle of head gear is truly extraordinary due to their width, girth, and general ability to stop traffic. Click through for the best. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Braison Cyrus has many talents.The Cyrus family are a group of talented individuals. So, it shouldn't come as a surprise that Braison Cyrus, Miley's younger brother, just made his runway debut during Milan Men's Fashion Week Spring/Summer 2018. Walking for Dolce & Gabbana, Cyrus wore a crown with a tracksuit, and his big sister was incredibly proud.Miley Cyrus wrote on Instagram, "It's never been my little brother's dream to be a model as HE is one of the most talented musicians my ears have ever been given the gift of hearing.... BUT it is a Cyrus family trait to try everything once (within reason HA) and to embrace opportunities that encourage you to step out of your comfort zone!" Clearly, that family trait has paid off, as Braison can now add "runway model" to his resume.Braison was modelling in Dolce & Gabanna's "King of Hearts" show, which featured influencers, social media stars, singers, and celebrities, proving he most definitely has a bright future ahead of him.Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.From: ELLE US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The Duchess of Cambridge attended the Queen's Birthday celebrations in London.Kate Middleton's outfit choices never fail to impress, and her latest public appearance is the perfect example. Taking part in the Trooping the Colour parade, in celebration of the Queen's birthday, Middleton wore an incredible Alexander McQueen dress, in the prettiest shade of pink.With a Jane Taylor hat in the same shade of pink, the Duchess of Cambridge appeared to be wearing an Alexander McQueen pleated hem skater dress, modified to include long sleeves. With its accentuated, pleated waist band, and accented neckline, Middleton's look was in keeping with her usual impeccable style.Middleton also made sure that her daughter, Princess Charlotte, had a co-ordinating outfit. Charlotte's pretty, pink-patterned dress was the perfect accompaniment to the Duchess' striking choice.As usual, Middleton's enviable style is sure to inspire fans everywhere to replicate her distinctive look. Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.From: ELLE US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Love them, then let them go on the 2075 version of the RealReal. ROI as it applies to designer resale can be a tricky game. Will my battered Chanel find a new home? (Probably.) But you know what's always a sure bet? Buying what you love. Here, in honor of National Splurge Day on June 18, a few suggestions that will stand the test of time/the volatile consignment market. Never gonna give you up. Staud, $350BUY IT: staud.clothing.com.The breakout handbag star of this festival season, but lends strong Daria Werbowy editorial vibes, as well. Chloé, $1,450BUY IT: saksfiftheavenue.com.So ridiculous, so good. Color Temperature, $495BUY IT: fivestoryny.com.Great color, sleek design. (Would have put the pink gator skin one, but it's $33,000 😓.) Fendi, $3,300BUY IT: net-a-porter.com.Can't open Instagram without seeing one of these guys. Cult Gaia, $298BUY IT: cultgaia.com.The sort of clean, classic bag you could see yourself pulling Twizzlers out of when you're on a rocking chair. Gucci, $980BUY IT: net-a-porter.com."It's not just a PHASE, Mom." J.W. Anderson, $1,480BUY IT: net-a-porter.com.Adult Happy Meal box, now with a tortoise handle. Simon Miller, $590BUY IT: modaoperandi.com.To proclaim that you're a real lady who makes enough to buy her own bags that look like they came straight out of a cartoon. Mansur Gavriel, $895BUY IT: mansurgavriel.com.The best things in life are shaped like croissants (the curved, all-butter kind, none of that straight rubbish). The Row, $990BUY IT: barneys.com.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Horoscope-informed splurging = better than the normal kind.Your horoscope can predict more than just lucky-in-love days. It can also help guide you to the perfect investment piece. So whether you're a fiery Aries or a Taurus with your feet planted firmly on the ground, your zodiac sign will determine what *look* is meant for you. Click through to find astrology-approved timepieces that suit your sign.January 19 - February 18Visionary air sign Aquarius craves a truly magical watch. Enter this delicate Cartier piece, featuring a retrograde moon phase (the hand resets after each journey around the moon) and a wearable, neutral palate. Cartier Rotonde de Cartier Night and Day Moon Phase, $68,500BUY IT: cartier.com.February 18 - March 20The Van Cleef & Arpels Poetic Astronomy collection has a watch for each sign. This 12-piece limited edition white gold "Pisces" nods to the artistic and intuitive water sign with mother-of-pearl waves; diamond-set fish with gold stars and yellow diamonds add an elegant touch. Van Cleef & Arpels Lady Arpels Zodiac "Pisces" Watch, $98,000BUY IT: vancleefarpels.com. March 20 - April 19Inspired by the aurora borealis, Jaeger-LeCoultre created a mechanical watch that's an interpretation of a celestial sky chart. With dazzling blue and purple sapphires and a charming Rendez-Vous star indicator that can be set to mark a particular time of day, this bold and beautiful piece is perfect for the passionate fire sign Aries.Jaeger-LeCoultre Rendez-Vous Celestial in White Gold, price upon requestBUY IT: jaeger-lecoultre.com.April 19 - May 20Down-to-earth Taurus knows the power of chic minimalism, and this 36 MM self-winding mechanical watch from IWC fits the bill. With a sturdy brown strap and an airy diamond bezel, the Da Vinci Diamond is both timeless (get it?) and fashion-forward. IWC Da Vinci Diamond Automatic Moon Phase 36, $13,900BUY IT: iwc.com.May 20 - June 20Through a transparent blue quartz dial, the visible inner workings of this Hublot are intricate enough to appeal to intellectual and analytical Gemini. The dial displays time, date, and phases of the moon inside a lightweight titanium case set with 48 blue sapphires.Hublot Spirit of Big Bang Moon phase Titanium Dark Blue, $22,400BUY IT: hublot.com.June 20 - July 22Emotional and mysterious like the water sign Cancer, the sparkling surface of this sleek dial has a twinkling night sky effect. Paired with a midnight black Hermes alligator strap and a rose gold, diamond-set bezel, this Parmigiani Tonda has just the right amount of dark glamour.Parmigiani Tonda 1950 Set, $23,900BUY IT: parmigiani.com.July 22 - August 22The lion, the king of the wild, is both the symbol of the fierce Leo and the focal point of this limited edition Jaquet-Droz beauty. The animal's likeness is hand-painted on a black Grand Feu enamel dial, and it stands out against the simple gold-and-black color scheme.Jaquet-Droz Petite Heure Minute Lion, $32,200BUY IT: jaquet-droz.com.August 22 - September 22Bell & Ross has created a perfect watch for introspective Virgo. The steel with quartz movement timepiece features a dial with seven diamonds, each representing the stars of the famed Aquila constellation, illustrating a quiet self-awareness.Bell & Ross BR S Diamond Eagle, $6,600BUY IT: bellross.com.September 22 - October 22The air sign appreciates beauty and harmony, and this striking Jacob & Co Astronomia piece is no exception. A rose gold and blue lacquered planet Earth is surrounded by seven three-dimensional planets made of precious stones. When the whole thing rotates, it's like wearing the universe on your wrist.Jacob & Co Astronomia Solar Planets, $280,000BUY IT: jacobandco.com.October 22 - November 21Named after the astronomer who placed the sun at the center of the universe (paging limelight-loving Scorpio!), the Vacheron Constantin Celestial Spheres is truly unforgettable. In addition to the time, the 37 MM mechanical self-winding movement displays the Earth's orbit around the sun—a precise mechanism that requires correction only once every 8,000 years. Vacheron Constantin Métiers D'Art Copernicus Celestial Spheres 2460 RT, $90,800BUY IT: vacherin-constantin.com.November 21 - December 21Optimistic and philosophical, fire sign Sagittarius loves to travel, and the MasterGraff GyroGraff will inspire wanderlust with its mesmerizing spinning 3D moon phases and half sphere, double-axis tourbillon (complex mechanics that helps improve accuracy), and galaxy depicted in high-fire enamel.Graff MasterGraff GyroGraff Galaxy 48mm, price upon requestBUY IT: graffdiamonds.com.December 21 - January 19The self-winding mechanical Celestial from Girard-Perregaux is the ideal watch for the earth sign that spawns planners and strategists. An oversized moon phase is represented with a glittering navy blue aventurine dial that makes a complete rotation once every 59 days (talk about precise).Girard-Perregaux Cat's Eye Celestial, $30,400BUY IT: girard-perregaux.com.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You have to see the 12-foot-tall wedding cake.A billionaire's son and his model girlfriend tied the knot at Blenheim Palace this weekend and with an estimated cost of £5million—nearly $6.3 million—it was a far cry from the average summer wedding.Folarin Alakija is the son of Nigerian oil tycoon Folorunsho Alakija, who has been ranked the 18th richest person in Africa by Forbes. He's said to have met Iranian-born Nazanin Jafarian Ghaissarifar while studying in London and it's safe to say that this bride and groom's big day was every bit the fairytale. It's believed that hiring the Oxfordshire stately home, which is the main residence of the Duke of Marlborough, would have cost £150,000. And when it came to decorating the historic venue, no expense was spared.Wedding pictures shared on social media by guests (including Victoria's Secret Angel Shanina Shaik) showed the couple during their first dance on a marble floor covered with their initials in gold. Celebrity florist Jeff Leatham took charge of the flowers and transformed the palace into a 'white wedding.' Leatham, the artistic director of the Four Seasons Hotel George V in Paris, reportedly arranged one million white blooms around the venue.As for the wedding cake? Made by luxury designer Elizabeth's Cake Emporium, it measured 12-feet tall and didn't look like much of a cake at all; it was completely covered in white flowers.To end the evening, there was even a performance from Robin Thicke followed by a fireworks display. As for Nazanin's dress, she chose a a strapless white gown adorned with lace during the day, but is said to have changed into a party dress in the evening.Commenting on the cost of the occasion, Bridebook.co.uk's founder, Hamish Shephard, told Harper's Bazaar: "Venue hire would likely be up to £150,000 with the bespoke marquee with marble floor and production around £200,000 on top. The spectacular endless flowers by Jeff Leatham are likely to have cost at least £200,000. With food and drink, Robin Thicke (at £150,000) and all the other items for the big day, including the dress, on top, the wedding will have no doubt cost more than £1million and potentially several million more."The couple got engaged last year and had a traditional Nigerian wedding in Lagos in November, The Daily Mail reports. Folarin is an entrepreneur, while his new wife Nazanin has a degree in bioengineering and biomedical engineering from the University of Manchester.Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.From: Harper's BAZAAR UK		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			From Marilyn Monroe's diamonds to Rihanna's epic crystal boots.Diamonds are forever. They're also a girl's best friend―with crystals being a close second. We love all things sparkly, and were dazzled by all the flashy looks on the latest runways including the Swarovski encrusted Saint Laurent boots Rihanna quickly added to her closet. As a nod to National Splurge Day on Sunday, we've rounded up 50 of the best-and-blingiest fashion moments―from Marilyn Monroe and Audrey Hepburn to Paris Hilton, Beyonce, Kendall Jenner, and more.Pretty in pink while singing "Diamonds Are a Girl's Best Friend," in the 1953 film Gentlemen Prefer BlondesPlaying Holly Golightly in Breakfast at Tiffany's"The King" performing in one of his signature, bejeweled costumesHer Majesty posed in a diamond tiara and jewels while visiting Copenhagen in 1957Renowned for her impressive jewelry collection, La Liz wore a crystal beaded dress and statement earrings for a dinner with then-husband Eddie Fisher in 1959The Swedish actress posing with Cartier baubles like grapes, in the 1960sEmbodying Italian opulence in 1970The iconic model (who stars in Acne's new Resort look book) had her face covered in crystals to play the lead role in the 1972 film SalomeIn a rhinestone jacket and matching "Butterfly" jacket circa 1975Touring with the Jackson 5 in 1981The late, beloved Princess of Wales wore a crystal beaded gown by Japanese designer Hachi to a Washington D.C. gala in 1985Proving sparkles are not just for women, legendary pianist Liberace is best remembered for his flashy costumesThe actress' iconic Alexis Carrington character on Dynasty ushered in a new era of glitz and glamour during the 80sTwinkling onstage during a performance in 1987The original rapper who made bling a status symbol in the hip hop communitySparkling in Harry Winston jewels and a bedazzled gown, with Michael Jackson, at the 1991 Academy AwardsTyra Banks dazzled at the late designer's Haute Couture show in 1992The 45th President's ex-wife took a shimmering turn on Thierry Mugler's Spring 1992 runwayChristy Turlington modeled a crystal crop top, pants, and earrings on the designer's Spring 1993 runwayThe supermodel donned a scarlet halter neck gown embellished with crystals, in 1993Sparkling at the Batman Forever premiere in 1995Her character Rose Dawson in the 1997 blockbuster Titanic famously wore the "Heart of the Ocean" diamond and sapphire necklaceA Swarovski mesh hood and structured skirt from the designer's Spring 1999 collectionIn 1999, the designer hosted a "Diamonds Are Forever" show with De Beers in LondonPerforming at the 2000 MTV Video Music Awards in a sheer, nude costume accented with crystalsThe original socialite celebrated her 21st birthday in 2002 wearing a crystal Julien Macdonald dress; Kendall Jenner imitated Hilton's look for her own 21st birthday this yearNatalia Vodianova modeled a twinkling look designer by Tom Ford for the French fashion house in 2002The actress scintillated in a beige bedazzled gown at the Oscars in 2004On stage for the opening night of her Showgirl Homecoming tour in 2005Rocking his Billionaire Boys Club bling in 2006From: CR Fashion Book		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Made for walking more than few blocks before you trade them for McDonald's bags.For the very fanciest events one might attend in a lifetime, it is still best to suck it up and smile through the pain of five-inch heels. But for those less crucial dressy nights on which looking cool outweighs decorum? That's where the evening boot comes in. Here, nine reasons a pair of boots should be your newest plus-one on the cocktail-party circuit. Monochromatic = classic, even if it is putty-pink Sies Marjan. Puffy boots with it all, though? Modern. Such a cool (Coach) outfit regular pointy-toe pumps would work, but metallic boots dial it up to 11, while contributing to the urban-cowgirl vibe. Ballin'-enciaga. The convenient fact about sock boots is that you don't have to worry about hosiery...Or trousers. (As long as you've got help tugging them on and off.) BUY IT: Balenciaga, net-a-porter.com.Other young stars might opt for Mary Janes or kitten heels, but not our girl MBB, who went with white cowboy boots (WANT) to go with her Calvin Klein by Appointment sequin shift. That's style. Close your eyes and imagine this Saint Laurent minidress with sandals. Bit bottle service girl, no? Anything else would just look wrong with her space-warrior Louis Vuitton ensemble.Before she got married in bespoke Riccardo Tisci, she wore gold boots with this red dress. Not heeled sandals or mules—boots. The Stuart Weitzman booted outfit that launched a story about how to make your summer dresses less sickly sweet and more fashun. BUY IT: Stuart Weitzman, stuartweitzman.com.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Justin Bieber, repeat offender. While jeans with transparent-panel knees are definitely awful, the line for ripped denim is a bit less clearly (HAHA) defined. Ahead, we test the limits of destroyed jeans with 21 photos of celebrities wearing them. Not *so* terrible but in no way plausible in any universe of denim mechanics. (Unless, I guess, you were being drawn and quartered face-down but didn't die.) Okay, this gets a pass, but like, they go so far up. The perfect opportunity to use this video.IT DOESN'T MAKE SENSE.Edward Scissorfeet trying to put pants on. So haphazard. (The trousers, not the Jonas.) IDK. Good lighting, though. When you trip and fall on your...thigh. How much do you want to wager he paid for these? Maybe it's meant to create an illusion of swole-ness, like the Hulk breaking out of his jeans. Acid wash too, shudder. Definitely on purpose. The thigh ones just don't really make sense. Yeah, okay.Sure. Actually believable. When it comes to ripped denim in 2017, it's best to suspend reality. Fine. You can have this one. Head in hands. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Great news for your stomach. In the good ol' days, which ended about 15 years ago, people did not care so much about what their butts looked like. No—thanks to the Empire waist, the human body went like this: boobs, the anatomical equivalent of television static, then a pair of legs. But what if we told you babydoll dresses and their chesty ilk were clawing their up from the fashion graveyard? Here, 12 pieces of hard evidence that might make you *want* to join the undead. Bit more '90s than naughty aughties...But then we've got this, which Paris Hilton definitely would've worn when she and Lindsay were friends. I feel like I need to produce a screenshot for proof, but I swear this is from 2017. A more body-con skirt and longer length = more modern. While boob-obscuring ruffles also obscure the silhouette for added mystery. Another example. Less mystery here, but more "this is 2017, not 2007." Yet sometimes, the old ways are still good. Setting this aside for Beyoncé's final pre-delivery photo shoot. A bit of sheerness goes a long way, especially when you go both high *neck* and high *waist.*So does some bareness up top. Soon, it's going to be real hip to be square (neckline-wise). You heard it here first. 		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			For the dad who already has everything. Fathers are easily the most difficult to shop for, especially when they're stubbornly attached to what they like and little else. With this in mind, ahead find 20 affordable gifts he'll appreciate even if he's more of a "gift cards and socks" kind of guy—whether they be upgrades to his most prized possessions or under-the-radar gifts he hasn't even thought of yet. A classy six-pack crate for tailgates and camping trips that's sturdier than those cardboard boxes. BUY IT: $44; food52.com.So his dress shoes are perfectly shined up for Monday morning . BUY IT: $20; cottonon.com.When he's super fussy about his wardrobe, but wouldn't mind adding some sturdy basics to his rotation, seek out Tommy John's ultra soft, very durable tee-shirts. BUY IT: $45; tommyjohn.com.A woody scented soap infused with organic oils and dead sea salt for extra exfoliating qualities.  BUY IT: $14; ingodwetrustnyc.com.More than 150 cocktail recipes curated by journalist/stylist Alfred Tong—he covers traditional drinks like the gimlets and delves into niche cocktails like alcoholic teas. BUY IT: $11; amazon.com.For anyone who's serious about their nutrition and pretty breakfast bowls, ship them a set of Daily Harvest's chia bowl ingredients that they can store in the freezer so they're ready to go any morning. BUY IT: $42 for set of 6 Chia Bowl cups; dailyharvest.com.A waxy canvas shave kit that's easy to clean and has a roomy interior for all of his shaving tools. BUY IT: $40; fossil.com.For a light sleeper who needs a blacked-out room to fall asleep (it's available for monogramming too, if he's fancy). BUY IT: $19; desmondanddempsey.com.A sleek vacuum-insulated drink koozie that helps keep bottles and cans cool for hours. BUY IT: $25; rei.com.A gadget prepared to handle any futon or quick fix (thanks to its 9 different driver heads) that's too colorful to lose in your tool box. BUY IT: $18; poketo.com.A set of double wall glasses that keeps drinks hot and cold, plus looks super cool with a drink inside it. BUY IT: $50; poketo.com.A further reminder that he's a father extraordinaire. BUY IT: $30; underarmour.com.A shave cream formulated with peppermint and eucalyptus to soothe that post-shave bite. BUY IT: $20; needsupply.com.A sleek  upgrade to the one he's been carrying on his keychain for years. BUY IT: $9; jcrew.com.Because every good BBQ-er needs a solid set of stainless steel grill aides. BUY IT: $25; amazon.com.Even the lowest-maintenance dad can appreciate a skincare find like this that clarifies and helps him avoid any redness in the early morning. Plus, when it looks this pretty, it's guaranteed you'll want to steal some drops here and there. BUY IT: $26; herbivorebotanicals.com.Once you get him started on one of these, he'll be hooked. The long-lasting charcoal pouch soaks up bad odors (think: sweaty gym socks) and helps to de-humidify in peak rain season. BUY IT: $10; everbamboo.com.A tool belt with room for all of his tools, nuts, and bolts. It's ideal for handymen, but also works for outdoor activities like fishing. BUY IT: $25; amazon.com.An overnight duffel he can stow away for work trips and long weekends away. BUY IT: $44; baggu.com.For the spirits snob who never wants to dilute his whiskey with real rocks.  BUY IT: $20; jcrew.com.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's $$$ per head, so...Nothing whets your appetite to the point of pinching leftover Chilean sea bass from other people's plates like the prospect of being with the same partner for 50 years. (Even if it's not your own rehearsal dinner.) But why not look the picture of propriety while wrestling with your commitment issues? Here, 10 pre-wedding party dresses that can handle as much fish consumed in anxiety as you can throw at them. Shoulder ties and a fluted hem, because shouldn't your skirt match your drink glass of choice? BUY IT: Aritzia, $70; aritzia.com.Fabulous if you are the one getting hitched. Just don't do what you normally do around sauces.BUY IT: Rebecca Vallance, $480; net-a-porter.com.Be a goddess in blue-gray (who eats two bread rolls *and* her entire dinner à la Princess Charlene). BUY IT: H&M, $50; hm.com.To go with the runny yolk on the BEC you will inevitably order at 4 a.m. later that evening.BUY IT: J.Crew, $188; jcrew.com.So pretty you'll still cut a distinguished, Barot-esque figure when you're explaining to a nice police officer why you're jumping a playground fence in the middle of the night. BUY IT: Saloni, $375; net-a-porter.com.Stylist: "What you want?" You: "Make me look like a fluttery, shimmery moth." Done. BUY IT: Mango, $80; shop.mango.com.Ballon sleeve DREAMS. (Also, dare you to wear yours with Vans like Kate Foley.) BUY IT: Regina Pyo, $941; needsupply.com.Okay, but tablecloths make really good belly camouflage until the wave of self-consciousness passes and you feel like dancing again. BUY IT: Topshop, $170; topshop.com.We might have a shoulder-tie problem, but this flirty little red number ain't one. BUY IT: & Other Stories, $95; stories.com.A ruched waistband with waist-whittle ribbons, so any insecurities can just waltz right on outta here.  BUY IT: Zara Studio, $189; zara.com.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Because being well-endowed shouldn't have to cramp your sleepwear style. Boobs. No matter the size, they impact how we get dressed, whether it's for work, exercise, or even going to sleep. The last may not seem like a big deal, but as the lines blur between day- and nightwear, printed rompers, lace-trimmed camis, and babydoll dresses have now all been adapted for the lingerie/loungewear section. With one notable part missing: support.BUY IT: $120; boostwr.com. (pieces available for delivery in August) Enter designer Sandra Mimran. Long frustrated by the limited options available for her small frame and big chest in the lingerie and loungewear departments, she finally decided to do something about it. She launched BOOST with a Kickstarter campaign, and, based on business, this is definitely a niche that needed filling, she says. (Her first collection sold out at the trunk show.) "There's a time for flimsy or translucent," Mimran says. "But most of the time, full‐chested women need something supportive and soft to sleep in that isn't overly restrictive, but that still gives you sleek, feminine lines when you're up and about."BUY IT: $159; boostwr.com. (pieces available for delivery in August)Now you no longer have to choose between dental-floss bralettes or heavy-duty bras—BOOST provides a happy medium, no matter the size. Pieces come in navy, bordeaux, and black—bridal white is launching soon—and range in size from 30C–36G. The satiny straps are front-adjusting to put an end to those reach-around calisthenics, the armholes cut higher for extra support, and the cozy Spandex-Modal blend baby-soft against the skin. Suffice it to say, we've already placed our order.Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The former First Daughter is all grown up. Sasha Obama was just 8 years old when President Obama took office in 2009, but now, the former First Daughter is all grown up. Over the weekend, Sasha turned 16 years old and photos from her Sweet 16 party emerged on Twitter and Instagram. According to the YBF, the birthday party actually took place sometime in May, but photos didn't surface online until this weekend. Sasha looked stunning in a red silk dress and dainty gold layered necklaces for the special occasion. Photos of the teen posing with Barack and Michelle Obama along with her friends made their rounds on Twitter, with the internet collectively freaking out at how much the former First Daughter has grown up. Happy Sweet 16th, Sasha! Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.From: Harper's BAZAAR US		Editors handpick every product that we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Smack, smack.Fact: They are not great for your feet. Nor are they much good in environs where discarded food wrappers blow like tumbleweeds. But non-basic flip-flops for a stroll on the boardwalk or a lawn straight out of an L.L. Bean catalog? Bliss. (Though these can Mr. Ripley their way practically anywhere.) "Nude" doesn't come in just one shade; neither do these ultra-slim flip-flops, now made for an impressively wide range of skin tones. BUY IT: TKEES, $50; tkees.com.You wanted "non-basic." You got non-basic with these laurel-gilded sandals, fit for a triumphal march. BUY IT: Giuseppe Zanotti, $700; net-a-porter.com.::sees metallic pink:: ::doesn't ask questions::BUY IT: H&M, $13; hm.com.Support Beyoncé's twins' college fund. BUY IT: Ivy Park, $25; topshop.com.Reef, $20; pacsun.com.A super classic flip-flop brand plus an intricate print from a great swimwear designer? Where do we sign? BUY IT: Havaianas x We Are Handsome, $34; us.havaianas.com.Belongs in a modern-art museum. Or its gift shop. BUY IT: Ipanema, $30; openingceremony.com.Kitschy in the best "fab Palm Springs granny" kind of way. BUY IT: Steve Madden, $40; stevemadden.com.Welcome to your '90s daydream/nightmare. BUY IT: Zara, $70; zara.com.Beach meets the ballet. BUY IT: Charles & Keith, $47; charleskeith.com.