 Sonam Kapoor has been the quintessential poster girl for the Indian brides, long before she was even married. She can thank her association with the Indian Gems and Jewellery industry, she has always set trends, in terms of bridal lehengas, jewellery, makeup etc. I saw her once during my Mumbai to Delhi flight a few years back. Even then, she was flaunting a beautiful Indian ensemble. She is charming and well mannered. It was one of the few occasions that I got to see a celeb at the airport, in spite of staying for more than a decade in the city. I was hoping to meet more celebs during my flight to Mumbai but that never happened. So coming back to Sonam Kapoor, she was recently seen in Delhi as a showstopper for an established jewellery brand. And I am absolutely floored by her poise in that heavy purple lehenga by the designer Jayanti Reddy. She has been styled by celebrity stylist Tanya Ghavri. She looked elegant while walking the ramp while husband Anand Ahuja cheered her during the fashion show. She looks like a queen in this traditonal jewellery inspired by the history of Delhi; the collection aptly named as Delhi Durbar, by Bhirdichand Ghanshyamdas. Use of pastel coloured gemstones is the USP of this collection.    In fact, during her marriage to business man Anand Ahuja, she looked fabulous in her bridal avatar.  Her makeup never overpowers her delicate features. But her ensemble and jewellery is always on top of everything. Here are a few more pics for inspiration from her wedding. So all the brides-to-be, take a cue from Sonam Kapoor and plan your D day with much style and grandeur.  Sonam Kapoor was recently seen in Veere Di Wedding and will be soon seen in The Zoya Factor and Ek Ladki Ko Dekha Toh Aisa Laga.  What do you think about her style sense? Do leave a comment below. Sonam Kapoor has been the quintessential poster girl for the Indian brides, long before she was even married. She can thank her association with the Indian Gems and Jewellery industry, she has always set trends, in terms of bridal lehengas, jewellery, makeup etc. I saw her once during my Mumbai to Delhi flight a few years back. Even then, she was flaunting a beautiful Indian ensemble. She is charming and well mannered. It was one of the few occasions that I got to see a celeb at the airport, in spite of staying for more than a decade in the city. I was hoping to meet more celebs during my flight to Mumbai but that never happened. So coming back to Sonam Kapoor, she was recently seen in Delhi as a showstopper for an established jewellery brand. And I am absolutely floored by her poise in that heavy purple lehenga by the designer Jayanti Reddy. She has been styled by celebrity stylist Tanya Ghavri. She looked elegant while walking the ramp while husband Anand Ahuja cheered her during the fashion show. She looks like a queen in this traditonal jewellery inspired by the history of Delhi; the collection aptly named as Delhi Durbar, by Bhirdichand Ghanshyamdas. Use of pastel coloured gemstones is the USP of this collection.    In fact, during her marriage to business man Anand Ahuja, she looked fabulous in her bridal avatar.  Her makeup never overpowers her delicate features. But her ensemble and jewellery is always on top of everything. Here are a few more pics for inspiration from her wedding. So all the brides-to-be, take a cue from Sonam Kapoor and plan your D day with much style and grandeur.  Sonam Kapoor was recently seen in Veere Di Wedding and will be soon seen in The Zoya Factor and Ek Ladki Ko Dekha Toh Aisa Laga.  What do you think about her style sense? Do leave a comment below. Sonam Kapoor has been the quintessential poster girl for the Indian brides, long before she was even married. She can thank her association with the Indian Gems and Jewellery industry, she has always set trends, in terms of bridal lehengas, jewellery, makeup etc. I saw her once during my Mumbai to Delhi flight a few years back. Even then, she was flaunting a beautiful Indian ensemble. She is charming and well mannered. It was one of the few occasions that I got to see a celeb at the airport, in spite of staying for more than a decade in the city. I was hoping to meet more celebs during my flight to Mumbai but that never happened. So coming back to Sonam Kapoor, she was recently seen in Delhi as a showstopper for an established jewellery brand. And I am absolutely floored by her poise in that heavy purple lehenga by the designer Jayanti Reddy. She has been styled by celebrity stylist Tanya Ghavri. She looked elegant while walking the ramp while husband Anand Ahuja cheered her during the fashion show. She looks like a queen in this traditonal jewellery inspired by the history of Delhi; the collection aptly named as Delhi Durbar, by Bhirdichand Ghanshyamdas. Use of pastel coloured gemstones is the USP of this collection.    In fact, during her marriage to business man Anand Ahuja, she looked fabulous in her bridal avatar.  Her makeup never overpowers her delicate features. But her ensemble and jewellery is always on top of everything. Here are a few more pics for inspiration from her wedding. So all the brides-to-be, take a cue from Sonam Kapoor and plan your D day with much style and grandeur.  Sonam Kapoor was recently seen in Veere Di Wedding and will be soon seen in The Zoya Factor and Ek Ladki Ko Dekha Toh Aisa Laga.  What do you think about her style sense? Do leave a comment below. Sonam Kapoor has been the quintessential poster girl for the Indian brides, long before she was even married. She can thank her association with the Indian Gems and Jewellery industry, she has always set trends, in terms of bridal lehengas, jewellery, makeup etc. I saw her once during my Mumbai to Delhi flight a few years back. Even then, she was flaunting a beautiful Indian ensemble. She is charming and well mannered. It was one of the few occasions that I got to see a celeb at the airport, in spite of staying for more than a decade in the city. I was hoping to meet more celebs during my flight to Mumbai but that never happened. So coming back to Sonam Kapoor, she was recently seen in Delhi as a showstopper for an established jewellery brand. And I am absolutely floored by her poise in that heavy purple lehenga by the designer Jayanti Reddy. She has been styled by celebrity stylist Tanya Ghavri. She looked elegant while walking the ramp while husband Anand Ahuja cheered her during the fashion show. She looks like a queen in this traditonal jewellery inspired by the history of Delhi; the collection aptly named as Delhi Durbar, by Bhirdichand Ghanshyamdas. Use of pastel coloured gemstones is the USP of this collection.    In fact, during her marriage to business man Anand Ahuja, she looked fabulous in her bridal avatar.  Her makeup never overpowers her delicate features. But her ensemble and jewellery is always on top of everything. Here are a few more pics for inspiration from her wedding. So all the brides-to-be, take a cue from Sonam Kapoor and plan your D day with much style and grandeur.  Sonam Kapoor was recently seen in Veere Di Wedding and will be soon seen in The Zoya Factor and Ek Ladki Ko Dekha Toh Aisa Laga.  What do you think about her style sense? Do leave a comment below. Sonam Kapoor always arrives in style in Cannes. Everyone is talking about her beautiful pale pink Elie Saab gown. Not only her ensemble but her jewellery has turned heads in the fashion world as well. She wore Victorian era inspired dark romance jewellery designed by sister Rhea Kapoor and Kalyan Jewellers at the ‘The Meyerowtiz Stories’ screening during the 70th annual Cannes Film Festival.  Look at these beauties! This stone-studded, rose-gold collection can only be termed as wearable art. 12 artisans worked for 35 days to create these. Her glittering, customized accessories included dramatic haat phools and lightweight shoulder duster earrings.  To match the shade of pink used in the gown, Rhea Kapoor worked closely with Kalyan Jewellers and chose Tourmaline – an exquisite gemstone. This was paired with brilliantly sparkling polished diamonds, strings of fresh water pearls and muted Polki diamonds all set in a rose gold base with just the right hint of white gold. At 5.23 inches, the 18 carat shoulder duster earrings surprisingly weigh just 60.43 grams. The haat phools have a more elaborate design with multiple pearl strands connecting daintily from the finger to the bracelet, and the pair weighs 171.09 grams. Commenting on the design Rhea Kapoor said, “For Sonam’s Cannes appearance this year, I wanted jewellery that would go with the intricate embroidery and the high-shine embellishment of Elie Saab’s design, but at the same time, I wanted something that was inspired by Dark Romance. It was a memorable experience working with Kalyan Jewellers to create this look. We combined the traditional Indian technique of studded jewellery making with a design linage that is essentially very European. Our aim was to create pieces of wearable art that blends the best of 18th century dark romance designs with Indian idioms.”  Recently, the Kapoor sisters also launched their fashion line Rheson which is available at Shoppers Stop. These girls are definitely the game changers in the Indian fashion scene. Rajesh Kalyanaraman, Executive Director, Kalyan Jewellers added, “It was a challenging proposition for us, when Rhea suggested blending Victorian dark romance inspired design ideas with Indian kaarigari. But today, we are extremely proud that we could render the designs with precision. The jewellery complemented Sonam Kapoor perfectly, and the most important aspect of this design is that they are lightweight and can be easily paired with an Indian or a more global ensemble.” I just loved what she wore at Cannes. What do you guys think? Sonam Kapoor always arrives in style in Cannes. Everyone is talking about her beautiful pale pink Elie Saab gown. Not only her ensemble but her jewellery has turned heads in the fashion world as well. She wore Victorian era inspired dark romance jewellery designed by sister Rhea Kapoor and Kalyan Jewellers at the ‘The Meyerowtiz Stories’ screening during the 70th annual Cannes Film Festival.  Look at these beauties! This stone-studded, rose-gold collection can only be termed as wearable art. 12 artisans worked for 35 days to create these. Her glittering, customized accessories included dramatic haat phools and lightweight shoulder duster earrings.  To match the shade of pink used in the gown, Rhea Kapoor worked closely with Kalyan Jewellers and chose Tourmaline – an exquisite gemstone. This was paired with brilliantly sparkling polished diamonds, strings of fresh water pearls and muted Polki diamonds all set in a rose gold base with just the right hint of white gold. At 5.23 inches, the 18 carat shoulder duster earrings surprisingly weigh just 60.43 grams. The haat phools have a more elaborate design with multiple pearl strands connecting daintily from the finger to the bracelet, and the pair weighs 171.09 grams. Commenting on the design Rhea Kapoor said, “For Sonam’s Cannes appearance this year, I wanted jewellery that would go with the intricate embroidery and the high-shine embellishment of Elie Saab’s design, but at the same time, I wanted something that was inspired by Dark Romance. It was a memorable experience working with Kalyan Jewellers to create this look. We combined the traditional Indian technique of studded jewellery making with a design linage that is essentially very European. Our aim was to create pieces of wearable art that blends the best of 18th century dark romance designs with Indian idioms.”  Recently, the Kapoor sisters also launched their fashion line Rheson which is available at Shoppers Stop. These girls are definitely the game changers in the Indian fashion scene. Rajesh Kalyanaraman, Executive Director, Kalyan Jewellers added, “It was a challenging proposition for us, when Rhea suggested blending Victorian dark romance inspired design ideas with Indian kaarigari. But today, we are extremely proud that we could render the designs with precision. The jewellery complemented Sonam Kapoor perfectly, and the most important aspect of this design is that they are lightweight and can be easily paired with an Indian or a more global ensemble.” I just loved what she wore at Cannes. What do you guys think? Sonam Kapoor always arrives in style in Cannes. Everyone is talking about her beautiful pale pink Elie Saab gown. Not only her ensemble but her jewellery has turned heads in the fashion world as well. She wore Victorian era inspired dark romance jewellery designed by sister Rhea Kapoor and Kalyan Jewellers at the ‘The Meyerowtiz Stories’ screening during the 70th annual Cannes Film Festival.  Look at these beauties! This stone-studded, rose-gold collection can only be termed as wearable art. 12 artisans worked for 35 days to create these. Her glittering, customized accessories included dramatic haat phools and lightweight shoulder duster earrings.  To match the shade of pink used in the gown, Rhea Kapoor worked closely with Kalyan Jewellers and chose Tourmaline – an exquisite gemstone. This was paired with brilliantly sparkling polished diamonds, strings of fresh water pearls and muted Polki diamonds all set in a rose gold base with just the right hint of white gold. At 5.23 inches, the 18 carat shoulder duster earrings surprisingly weigh just 60.43 grams. The haat phools have a more elaborate design with multiple pearl strands connecting daintily from the finger to the bracelet, and the pair weighs 171.09 grams. Commenting on the design Rhea Kapoor said, “For Sonam’s Cannes appearance this year, I wanted jewellery that would go with the intricate embroidery and the high-shine embellishment of Elie Saab’s design, but at the same time, I wanted something that was inspired by Dark Romance. It was a memorable experience working with Kalyan Jewellers to create this look. We combined the traditional Indian technique of studded jewellery making with a design linage that is essentially very European. Our aim was to create pieces of wearable art that blends the best of 18th century dark romance designs with Indian idioms.”  Recently, the Kapoor sisters also launched their fashion line Rheson which is available at Shoppers Stop. These girls are definitely the game changers in the Indian fashion scene. Rajesh Kalyanaraman, Executive Director, Kalyan Jewellers added, “It was a challenging proposition for us, when Rhea suggested blending Victorian dark romance inspired design ideas with Indian kaarigari. But today, we are extremely proud that we could render the designs with precision. The jewellery complemented Sonam Kapoor perfectly, and the most important aspect of this design is that they are lightweight and can be easily paired with an Indian or a more global ensemble.” I just loved what she wore at Cannes. What do you guys think? Sonam Kapoor always arrives in style in Cannes. Everyone is talking about her beautiful pale pink Elie Saab gown. Not only her ensemble but her jewellery has turned heads in the fashion world as well. She wore Victorian era inspired dark romance jewellery designed by sister Rhea Kapoor and Kalyan Jewellers at the ‘The Meyerowtiz Stories’ screening during the 70th annual Cannes Film Festival.  Look at these beauties! This stone-studded, rose-gold collection can only be termed as wearable art. 12 artisans worked for 35 days to create these. Her glittering, customized accessories included dramatic haat phools and lightweight shoulder duster earrings.  To match the shade of pink used in the gown, Rhea Kapoor worked closely with Kalyan Jewellers and chose Tourmaline – an exquisite gemstone. This was paired with brilliantly sparkling polished diamonds, strings of fresh water pearls and muted Polki diamonds all set in a rose gold base with just the right hint of white gold. At 5.23 inches, the 18 carat shoulder duster earrings surprisingly weigh just 60.43 grams. The haat phools have a more elaborate design with multiple pearl strands connecting daintily from the finger to the bracelet, and the pair weighs 171.09 grams. Commenting on the design Rhea Kapoor said, “For Sonam’s Cannes appearance this year, I wanted jewellery that would go with the intricate embroidery and the high-shine embellishment of Elie Saab’s design, but at the same time, I wanted something that was inspired by Dark Romance. It was a memorable experience working with Kalyan Jewellers to create this look. We combined the traditional Indian technique of studded jewellery making with a design linage that is essentially very European. Our aim was to create pieces of wearable art that blends the best of 18th century dark romance designs with Indian idioms.”  Recently, the Kapoor sisters also launched their fashion line Rheson which is available at Shoppers Stop. These girls are definitely the game changers in the Indian fashion scene. Rajesh Kalyanaraman, Executive Director, Kalyan Jewellers added, “It was a challenging proposition for us, when Rhea suggested blending Victorian dark romance inspired design ideas with Indian kaarigari. But today, we are extremely proud that we could render the designs with precision. The jewellery complemented Sonam Kapoor perfectly, and the most important aspect of this design is that they are lightweight and can be easily paired with an Indian or a more global ensemble.” I just loved what she wore at Cannes. What do you guys think? Denims never go out of season. From winters to summers, there are a variety of ways you can sport chic looks with denim. You might be the tomboy or the ultra femme fatale, denim will always make way into your wardrobe. But are you aware of the latest denim trends in the market? If not, Mumbaigloss will help you to figure it out with the help of fashion brand ONLY and let you shop for your sartorial needs. FRAYED DENIMS: This season the focus of denims has moved all the way down with raw, unfinished edges, frayed hems, decorative laces that enhance your summer look giving it a casual yet edgy feel. Unleash the denimized babe in you by pairing your open-hemmed skinny boyfriend jeans or scalloped hemmed short shorts with an off-shoulder top!  PATCHES AND FLOWERS: Market is flooded with garments with patches of appliques. Denims have bitten this trend bug too. You might find patch work starting from jackets, to pants, dungarees, shorts and spice them up with floral motifs, goofy doodles, detailed embroideries that add the much needed quirkiness to your ensemble!  BETTER FROM THE BACK: Tops, shirt dresses, distressed jackets with statement graphics, messaging and embroidered designs at the back make sure that you always make a statement.  DENIM SPORT – ATHLEISURE: There is always a denim for every hour of the day. Denims can give us stylish outfits for a lazy Sunday brunch, a date night, casual Fridays at work and now the athleisure laid-back weekend vibe. Looks ranging from sporty bomber jackets, jogger pants with washed out tones and distress effects have made lazing in denim easier than ever!  DENIMIZED RUFFLES: Frills, ruffled sleeves, bleached cold shoulder dresses, denim jackets with an Ombre effect and distressed jeans have been spotted on every global fashionista’s wardrobe. Sport a ruffled top with slightly sliced high waisted skinny denims and get ready to effortlessly take the world by storm!  LACED UP: Lace and denims are two things that every girl swears by. What if we told you that, this season you can surprise your loved one with both at one go? Up your denim game with lace detailed denim crop tops, stringy laced denim dresses or high waisted pants with lace running up to your ankles. Will you be at the top of this lace race?  Whats your take? Did I miss out on something? Denims never go out of season. From winters to summers, there are a variety of ways you can sport chic looks with denim. You might be the tomboy or the ultra femme fatale, denim will always make way into your wardrobe. But are you aware of the latest denim trends in the market? If not, Mumbaigloss will help you to figure it out with the help of fashion brand ONLY and let you shop for your sartorial needs. FRAYED DENIMS: This season the focus of denims has moved all the way down with raw, unfinished edges, frayed hems, decorative laces that enhance your summer look giving it a casual yet edgy feel. Unleash the denimized babe in you by pairing your open-hemmed skinny boyfriend jeans or scalloped hemmed short shorts with an off-shoulder top!  PATCHES AND FLOWERS: Market is flooded with garments with patches of appliques. Denims have bitten this trend bug too. You might find patch work starting from jackets, to pants, dungarees, shorts and spice them up with floral motifs, goofy doodles, detailed embroideries that add the much needed quirkiness to your ensemble!  BETTER FROM THE BACK: Tops, shirt dresses, distressed jackets with statement graphics, messaging and embroidered designs at the back make sure that you always make a statement.  DENIM SPORT – ATHLEISURE: There is always a denim for every hour of the day. Denims can give us stylish outfits for a lazy Sunday brunch, a date night, casual Fridays at work and now the athleisure laid-back weekend vibe. Looks ranging from sporty bomber jackets, jogger pants with washed out tones and distress effects have made lazing in denim easier than ever!  DENIMIZED RUFFLES: Frills, ruffled sleeves, bleached cold shoulder dresses, denim jackets with an Ombre effect and distressed jeans have been spotted on every global fashionista’s wardrobe. Sport a ruffled top with slightly sliced high waisted skinny denims and get ready to effortlessly take the world by storm!  LACED UP: Lace and denims are two things that every girl swears by. What if we told you that, this season you can surprise your loved one with both at one go? Up your denim game with lace detailed denim crop tops, stringy laced denim dresses or high waisted pants with lace running up to your ankles. Will you be at the top of this lace race?  Whats your take? Did I miss out on something? Denims never go out of season. From winters to summers, there are a variety of ways you can sport chic looks with denim. You might be the tomboy or the ultra femme fatale, denim will always make way into your wardrobe. But are you aware of the latest denim trends in the market? If not, Mumbaigloss will help you to figure it out with the help of fashion brand ONLY and let you shop for your sartorial needs. FRAYED DENIMS: This season the focus of denims has moved all the way down with raw, unfinished edges, frayed hems, decorative laces that enhance your summer look giving it a casual yet edgy feel. Unleash the denimized babe in you by pairing your open-hemmed skinny boyfriend jeans or scalloped hemmed short shorts with an off-shoulder top!  PATCHES AND FLOWERS: Market is flooded with garments with patches of appliques. Denims have bitten this trend bug too. You might find patch work starting from jackets, to pants, dungarees, shorts and spice them up with floral motifs, goofy doodles, detailed embroideries that add the much needed quirkiness to your ensemble!  BETTER FROM THE BACK: Tops, shirt dresses, distressed jackets with statement graphics, messaging and embroidered designs at the back make sure that you always make a statement.  DENIM SPORT – ATHLEISURE: There is always a denim for every hour of the day. Denims can give us stylish outfits for a lazy Sunday brunch, a date night, casual Fridays at work and now the athleisure laid-back weekend vibe. Looks ranging from sporty bomber jackets, jogger pants with washed out tones and distress effects have made lazing in denim easier than ever!  DENIMIZED RUFFLES: Frills, ruffled sleeves, bleached cold shoulder dresses, denim jackets with an Ombre effect and distressed jeans have been spotted on every global fashionista’s wardrobe. Sport a ruffled top with slightly sliced high waisted skinny denims and get ready to effortlessly take the world by storm!  LACED UP: Lace and denims are two things that every girl swears by. What if we told you that, this season you can surprise your loved one with both at one go? Up your denim game with lace detailed denim crop tops, stringy laced denim dresses or high waisted pants with lace running up to your ankles. Will you be at the top of this lace race?  Whats your take? Did I miss out on something? Denims never go out of season. From winters to summers, there are a variety of ways you can sport chic looks with denim. You might be the tomboy or the ultra femme fatale, denim will always make way into your wardrobe. But are you aware of the latest denim trends in the market? If not, Mumbaigloss will help you to figure it out with the help of fashion brand ONLY and let you shop for your sartorial needs. FRAYED DENIMS: This season the focus of denims has moved all the way down with raw, unfinished edges, frayed hems, decorative laces that enhance your summer look giving it a casual yet edgy feel. Unleash the denimized babe in you by pairing your open-hemmed skinny boyfriend jeans or scalloped hemmed short shorts with an off-shoulder top!  PATCHES AND FLOWERS: Market is flooded with garments with patches of appliques. Denims have bitten this trend bug too. You might find patch work starting from jackets, to pants, dungarees, shorts and spice them up with floral motifs, goofy doodles, detailed embroideries that add the much needed quirkiness to your ensemble!  BETTER FROM THE BACK: Tops, shirt dresses, distressed jackets with statement graphics, messaging and embroidered designs at the back make sure that you always make a statement.  DENIM SPORT – ATHLEISURE: There is always a denim for every hour of the day. Denims can give us stylish outfits for a lazy Sunday brunch, a date night, casual Fridays at work and now the athleisure laid-back weekend vibe. Looks ranging from sporty bomber jackets, jogger pants with washed out tones and distress effects have made lazing in denim easier than ever!  DENIMIZED RUFFLES: Frills, ruffled sleeves, bleached cold shoulder dresses, denim jackets with an Ombre effect and distressed jeans have been spotted on every global fashionista’s wardrobe. Sport a ruffled top with slightly sliced high waisted skinny denims and get ready to effortlessly take the world by storm!  LACED UP: Lace and denims are two things that every girl swears by. What if we told you that, this season you can surprise your loved one with both at one go? Up your denim game with lace detailed denim crop tops, stringy laced denim dresses or high waisted pants with lace running up to your ankles. Will you be at the top of this lace race?  Whats your take? Did I miss out on something? Nia Sharma the 3rd sexiest Asian woman shot a video giving tribute to her favourite singer Lana Del Rey during her holiday in Maldives. She stayed at Adaaran Prestige Resort in Vadoo Maldives. Not only that, she also did a photoshoot at the exotic location. Now who doesn’t love when fashion and travel come together to create some spectacular photoshoot. Here is a glimpse of her photoshoot. As summers are approaching, white and off white dresses will take centre stage again. Fashionistas take a cue and bring them out of your closet.       Do you know how did the name Maldives came into existence? Well, it is derived from Sanskrit words Maala and Dwipu that means ‘Garland of Islands’. There are 26 islands in the shape of a necklace. Maldives islands are slowly drowning due to climate change. May be after a decade those islands will be submerged under water. Unless we take care of our environment, these gems of the ocean might disappear permanently from the face of earth. Well, this photoshoot is also to bring awareness towards this issue. Did you like the photoshoot? Do leave your comments below. *Not a sponsored post. Nia Sharma the 3rd sexiest Asian woman shot a video giving tribute to her favourite singer Lana Del Rey during her holiday in Maldives. She stayed at Adaaran Prestige Resort in Vadoo Maldives. Not only that, she also did a photoshoot at the exotic location. Now who doesn’t love when fashion and travel come together to create some spectacular photoshoot. Here is a glimpse of her photoshoot. As summers are approaching, white and off white dresses will take centre stage again. Fashionistas take a cue and bring them out of your closet.       Do you know how did the name Maldives came into existence? Well, it is derived from Sanskrit words Maala and Dwipu that means ‘Garland of Islands’. There are 26 islands in the shape of a necklace. Maldives islands are slowly drowning due to climate change. May be after a decade those islands will be submerged under water. Unless we take care of our environment, these gems of the ocean might disappear permanently from the face of earth. Well, this photoshoot is also to bring awareness towards this issue. Did you like the photoshoot? Do leave your comments below. *Not a sponsored post. Nia Sharma the 3rd sexiest Asian woman shot a video giving tribute to her favourite singer Lana Del Rey during her holiday in Maldives. She stayed at Adaaran Prestige Resort in Vadoo Maldives. Not only that, she also did a photoshoot at the exotic location. Now who doesn’t love when fashion and travel come together to create some spectacular photoshoot. Here is a glimpse of her photoshoot. As summers are approaching, white and off white dresses will take centre stage again. Fashionistas take a cue and bring them out of your closet.       Do you know how did the name Maldives came into existence? Well, it is derived from Sanskrit words Maala and Dwipu that means ‘Garland of Islands’. There are 26 islands in the shape of a necklace. Maldives islands are slowly drowning due to climate change. May be after a decade those islands will be submerged under water. Unless we take care of our environment, these gems of the ocean might disappear permanently from the face of earth. Well, this photoshoot is also to bring awareness towards this issue. Did you like the photoshoot? Do leave your comments below. *Not a sponsored post. Nia Sharma the 3rd sexiest Asian woman shot a video giving tribute to her favourite singer Lana Del Rey during her holiday in Maldives. She stayed at Adaaran Prestige Resort in Vadoo Maldives. Not only that, she also did a photoshoot at the exotic location. Now who doesn’t love when fashion and travel come together to create some spectacular photoshoot. Here is a glimpse of her photoshoot. As summers are approaching, white and off white dresses will take centre stage again. Fashionistas take a cue and bring them out of your closet.       Do you know how did the name Maldives came into existence? Well, it is derived from Sanskrit words Maala and Dwipu that means ‘Garland of Islands’. There are 26 islands in the shape of a necklace. Maldives islands are slowly drowning due to climate change. May be after a decade those islands will be submerged under water. Unless we take care of our environment, these gems of the ocean might disappear permanently from the face of earth. Well, this photoshoot is also to bring awareness towards this issue. Did you like the photoshoot? Do leave your comments below. *Not a sponsored post. I was a Sari is a brand which debuted at Lakme Fashion Week during Summer Resort 2017. I was a Sari is a lifestyle brand offering a unique and premium line of up-cycled fashion products made from beautiful Indian saris. This isn’t the first in its segment as handbags from Holii started their business by incorporating Indian saris and motifs into their designs years ago. So what makes this brand different? Well, it is its simplicity. The designs are basic but versatile. They not only make dresses, tops, shoes, jewellery but also reusable bags, stoles, scarfs and a variety of other fashion accessories. Sustainable fashion is the way forward and I was very happy to see their collection.  This made me think how can we make our saris useful which have not seen the light of the day for very long. I scouted a few celebrity images and found that we can convert our unused saris into dresses and accessories with a bit of imagination and the art of tailoring. ( Only catch is to find a good tailor) Inspiration one: Look at how effortlessly Juhi Chawla has gone glam with Indian fabric and motifs in this dress. The golden zari work looks amazing against the green fabric. She wore it at the Anita Dongre show, Lakme Fashion Week Grand Finale. I think any of our Benarasi saris lying unused can be modified into a dress similar to this floor length kurta dress.  Inspiration two: Convert any of your silk sarees into a chic summer dress like this one from I was a Sari. If you have extra fabric left, then create matching accessories like bags, fabric bead jewellery, scarf, etc. Gorgeous, isn’t it? Inspiration three: If you have georgette embellished sarees that you wore last at your wedding and have’t touched them in a while then convert them into evening dresses like this dress worn by Sangeeta Bijlani. Sangeeta wore this dress at the Lakme Fashion Week Grand Finale by Anita Dongre show. Perfect for an evening soiree.  Inspiration four: Not too keen on the entire dress? Then go for jazzy evening wear top made from an elaborate Sari pallu. Look how Gul Panag teamed up a cream top with black cigarette pants and high heels. Impressive!  Inspiration five: A silk blouse with a benarasi skirt can spell modern chic in the most pronounced way. Look at Padma Lakshmi wearing a Tarun Tahiliani ensemble. Use any embellished or zari work sari to make a long skirt which you can team up with a plain shirt for fresh a look at a sangeet or mehendi ceremony.  Have you got anymore ideas to use old saris as up-cycled fashion? If yes, do leave your comments below. I was a Sari is a brand which debuted at Lakme Fashion Week during Summer Resort 2017. I was a Sari is a lifestyle brand offering a unique and premium line of up-cycled fashion products made from beautiful Indian saris. This isn’t the first in its segment as handbags from Holii started their business by incorporating Indian saris and motifs into their designs years ago. So what makes this brand different? Well, it is its simplicity. The designs are basic but versatile. They not only make dresses, tops, shoes, jewellery but also reusable bags, stoles, scarfs and a variety of other fashion accessories. Sustainable fashion is the way forward and I was very happy to see their collection.  This made me think how can we make our saris useful which have not seen the light of the day for very long. I scouted a few celebrity images and found that we can convert our unused saris into dresses and accessories with a bit of imagination and the art of tailoring. ( Only catch is to find a good tailor) Inspiration one: Look at how effortlessly Juhi Chawla has gone glam with Indian fabric and motifs in this dress. The golden zari work looks amazing against the green fabric. She wore it at the Anita Dongre show, Lakme Fashion Week Grand Finale. I think any of our Benarasi saris lying unused can be modified into a dress similar to this floor length kurta dress.  Inspiration two: Convert any of your silk sarees into a chic summer dress like this one from I was a Sari. If you have extra fabric left, then create matching accessories like bags, fabric bead jewellery, scarf, etc. Gorgeous, isn’t it? Inspiration three: If you have georgette embellished sarees that you wore last at your wedding and have’t touched them in a while then convert them into evening dresses like this dress worn by Sangeeta Bijlani. Sangeeta wore this dress at the Lakme Fashion Week Grand Finale by Anita Dongre show. Perfect for an evening soiree.  Inspiration four: Not too keen on the entire dress? Then go for jazzy evening wear top made from an elaborate Sari pallu. Look how Gul Panag teamed up a cream top with black cigarette pants and high heels. Impressive!  Inspiration five: A silk blouse with a benarasi skirt can spell modern chic in the most pronounced way. Look at Padma Lakshmi wearing a Tarun Tahiliani ensemble. Use any embellished or zari work sari to make a long skirt which you can team up with a plain shirt for fresh a look at a sangeet or mehendi ceremony.  Have you got anymore ideas to use old saris as up-cycled fashion? If yes, do leave your comments below. I was a Sari is a brand which debuted at Lakme Fashion Week during Summer Resort 2017. I was a Sari is a lifestyle brand offering a unique and premium line of up-cycled fashion products made from beautiful Indian saris. This isn’t the first in its segment as handbags from Holii started their business by incorporating Indian saris and motifs into their designs years ago. So what makes this brand different? Well, it is its simplicity. The designs are basic but versatile. They not only make dresses, tops, shoes, jewellery but also reusable bags, stoles, scarfs and a variety of other fashion accessories. Sustainable fashion is the way forward and I was very happy to see their collection.  This made me think how can we make our saris useful which have not seen the light of the day for very long. I scouted a few celebrity images and found that we can convert our unused saris into dresses and accessories with a bit of imagination and the art of tailoring. ( Only catch is to find a good tailor) Inspiration one: Look at how effortlessly Juhi Chawla has gone glam with Indian fabric and motifs in this dress. The golden zari work looks amazing against the green fabric. She wore it at the Anita Dongre show, Lakme Fashion Week Grand Finale. I think any of our Benarasi saris lying unused can be modified into a dress similar to this floor length kurta dress.  Inspiration two: Convert any of your silk sarees into a chic summer dress like this one from I was a Sari. If you have extra fabric left, then create matching accessories like bags, fabric bead jewellery, scarf, etc. Gorgeous, isn’t it? Inspiration three: If you have georgette embellished sarees that you wore last at your wedding and have’t touched them in a while then convert them into evening dresses like this dress worn by Sangeeta Bijlani. Sangeeta wore this dress at the Lakme Fashion Week Grand Finale by Anita Dongre show. Perfect for an evening soiree.  Inspiration four: Not too keen on the entire dress? Then go for jazzy evening wear top made from an elaborate Sari pallu. Look how Gul Panag teamed up a cream top with black cigarette pants and high heels. Impressive!  Inspiration five: A silk blouse with a benarasi skirt can spell modern chic in the most pronounced way. Look at Padma Lakshmi wearing a Tarun Tahiliani ensemble. Use any embellished or zari work sari to make a long skirt which you can team up with a plain shirt for fresh a look at a sangeet or mehendi ceremony.  Have you got anymore ideas to use old saris as up-cycled fashion? If yes, do leave your comments below. I was a Sari is a brand which debuted at Lakme Fashion Week during Summer Resort 2017. I was a Sari is a lifestyle brand offering a unique and premium line of up-cycled fashion products made from beautiful Indian saris. This isn’t the first in its segment as handbags from Holii started their business by incorporating Indian saris and motifs into their designs years ago. So what makes this brand different? Well, it is its simplicity. The designs are basic but versatile. They not only make dresses, tops, shoes, jewellery but also reusable bags, stoles, scarfs and a variety of other fashion accessories. Sustainable fashion is the way forward and I was very happy to see their collection.  This made me think how can we make our saris useful which have not seen the light of the day for very long. I scouted a few celebrity images and found that we can convert our unused saris into dresses and accessories with a bit of imagination and the art of tailoring. ( Only catch is to find a good tailor) Inspiration one: Look at how effortlessly Juhi Chawla has gone glam with Indian fabric and motifs in this dress. The golden zari work looks amazing against the green fabric. She wore it at the Anita Dongre show, Lakme Fashion Week Grand Finale. I think any of our Benarasi saris lying unused can be modified into a dress similar to this floor length kurta dress.  Inspiration two: Convert any of your silk sarees into a chic summer dress like this one from I was a Sari. If you have extra fabric left, then create matching accessories like bags, fabric bead jewellery, scarf, etc. Gorgeous, isn’t it? Inspiration three: If you have georgette embellished sarees that you wore last at your wedding and have’t touched them in a while then convert them into evening dresses like this dress worn by Sangeeta Bijlani. Sangeeta wore this dress at the Lakme Fashion Week Grand Finale by Anita Dongre show. Perfect for an evening soiree.  Inspiration four: Not too keen on the entire dress? Then go for jazzy evening wear top made from an elaborate Sari pallu. Look how Gul Panag teamed up a cream top with black cigarette pants and high heels. Impressive!  Inspiration five: A silk blouse with a benarasi skirt can spell modern chic in the most pronounced way. Look at Padma Lakshmi wearing a Tarun Tahiliani ensemble. Use any embellished or zari work sari to make a long skirt which you can team up with a plain shirt for fresh a look at a sangeet or mehendi ceremony.  Have you got anymore ideas to use old saris as up-cycled fashion? If yes, do leave your comments below. Lakme Fashion Week Summer Resort 2017 saw a couple of firsts this season. 1.The event was low key compared to previous seasons as it moved its venue from five star hotels to Jio Garden in BKC (a first in its history) and kept it simple with only the fashion fraternity and limited media. This may be a big relief for the organisers as mostly buyers and journalists thronged the bays and guests were kept to minimum. 2.For the first time ever stunning Padma Lakshmi, model and cookbook author walked the ramp in Lakme Fashion Week for designer Tarun Tahiliani.  3. Lakme Fashion Week became gender neutral by including transgender model Anjali Lama from Nepal in the model pool. Gender-neutral model Petr Nitka from Czech Republic who has walked numerous international runways was also part of the Lakme Fashion Week for the first time. With more and more designers going for androgynous silhouettes, it makes sense to hire people from various orientations and built. Mr. Jaspreet Chandok, Head- Fashion, IMG Reliance Ltd said, “With the aim of evolving mindsets and creating a more inclusive conversation around fashion, we have opened our runway to diverse and unconventional models and are curating some path-breaking shows that will further highlight our commitment to continue the conversation on inclusivity which we started last season. As a leading voice in Fashion, IMG Reliance hopes to continuously drive the industry into conversations around inclusivity which we feel will only enhance the business of fashion in the years to come.” 4. Lakme Fashion Week opening show was on a cruise ship called Costa neoClassica which sails between Mumbai and Maldives, for designer Monisha Jaisingh.  It was a luxurious affair with customised robes for the models, shirtless sailors strutting the ramp and on the house champagne for the guests. Lakme Fashion Week is evolving with each season, trying to get something new with every show. Let’s see what new strategies will they include next time for the fashion savvy audience. Lakme Fashion Week Summer Resort 2017 saw a couple of firsts this season. 1.The event was low key compared to previous seasons as it moved its venue from five star hotels to Jio Garden in BKC (a first in its history) and kept it simple with only the fashion fraternity and limited media. This may be a big relief for the organisers as mostly buyers and journalists thronged the bays and guests were kept to minimum. 2.For the first time ever stunning Padma Lakshmi, model and cookbook author walked the ramp in Lakme Fashion Week for designer Tarun Tahiliani.  3. Lakme Fashion Week became gender neutral by including transgender model Anjali Lama from Nepal in the model pool. Gender-neutral model Petr Nitka from Czech Republic who has walked numerous international runways was also part of the Lakme Fashion Week for the first time. With more and more designers going for androgynous silhouettes, it makes sense to hire people from various orientations and built. Mr. Jaspreet Chandok, Head- Fashion, IMG Reliance Ltd said, “With the aim of evolving mindsets and creating a more inclusive conversation around fashion, we have opened our runway to diverse and unconventional models and are curating some path-breaking shows that will further highlight our commitment to continue the conversation on inclusivity which we started last season. As a leading voice in Fashion, IMG Reliance hopes to continuously drive the industry into conversations around inclusivity which we feel will only enhance the business of fashion in the years to come.” 4. Lakme Fashion Week opening show was on a cruise ship called Costa neoClassica which sails between Mumbai and Maldives, for designer Monisha Jaisingh.  It was a luxurious affair with customised robes for the models, shirtless sailors strutting the ramp and on the house champagne for the guests. Lakme Fashion Week is evolving with each season, trying to get something new with every show. Let’s see what new strategies will they include next time for the fashion savvy audience. Lakme Fashion Week Summer Resort 2017 saw a couple of firsts this season. 1.The event was low key compared to previous seasons as it moved its venue from five star hotels to Jio Garden in BKC (a first in its history) and kept it simple with only the fashion fraternity and limited media. This may be a big relief for the organisers as mostly buyers and journalists thronged the bays and guests were kept to minimum. 2.For the first time ever stunning Padma Lakshmi, model and cookbook author walked the ramp in Lakme Fashion Week for designer Tarun Tahiliani.  3. Lakme Fashion Week became gender neutral by including transgender model Anjali Lama from Nepal in the model pool. Gender-neutral model Petr Nitka from Czech Republic who has walked numerous international runways was also part of the Lakme Fashion Week for the first time. With more and more designers going for androgynous silhouettes, it makes sense to hire people from various orientations and built. Mr. Jaspreet Chandok, Head- Fashion, IMG Reliance Ltd said, “With the aim of evolving mindsets and creating a more inclusive conversation around fashion, we have opened our runway to diverse and unconventional models and are curating some path-breaking shows that will further highlight our commitment to continue the conversation on inclusivity which we started last season. As a leading voice in Fashion, IMG Reliance hopes to continuously drive the industry into conversations around inclusivity which we feel will only enhance the business of fashion in the years to come.” 4. Lakme Fashion Week opening show was on a cruise ship called Costa neoClassica which sails between Mumbai and Maldives, for designer Monisha Jaisingh.  It was a luxurious affair with customised robes for the models, shirtless sailors strutting the ramp and on the house champagne for the guests. Lakme Fashion Week is evolving with each season, trying to get something new with every show. Let’s see what new strategies will they include next time for the fashion savvy audience. Lakme Fashion Week Summer Resort 2017 saw a couple of firsts this season. 1.The event was low key compared to previous seasons as it moved its venue from five star hotels to Jio Garden in BKC (a first in its history) and kept it simple with only the fashion fraternity and limited media. This may be a big relief for the organisers as mostly buyers and journalists thronged the bays and guests were kept to minimum. 2.For the first time ever stunning Padma Lakshmi, model and cookbook author walked the ramp in Lakme Fashion Week for designer Tarun Tahiliani.  3. Lakme Fashion Week became gender neutral by including transgender model Anjali Lama from Nepal in the model pool. Gender-neutral model Petr Nitka from Czech Republic who has walked numerous international runways was also part of the Lakme Fashion Week for the first time. With more and more designers going for androgynous silhouettes, it makes sense to hire people from various orientations and built. Mr. Jaspreet Chandok, Head- Fashion, IMG Reliance Ltd said, “With the aim of evolving mindsets and creating a more inclusive conversation around fashion, we have opened our runway to diverse and unconventional models and are curating some path-breaking shows that will further highlight our commitment to continue the conversation on inclusivity which we started last season. As a leading voice in Fashion, IMG Reliance hopes to continuously drive the industry into conversations around inclusivity which we feel will only enhance the business of fashion in the years to come.” 4. Lakme Fashion Week opening show was on a cruise ship called Costa neoClassica which sails between Mumbai and Maldives, for designer Monisha Jaisingh.  It was a luxurious affair with customised robes for the models, shirtless sailors strutting the ramp and on the house champagne for the guests. Lakme Fashion Week is evolving with each season, trying to get something new with every show. Let’s see what new strategies will they include next time for the fashion savvy audience. Sushmita Sen recently walked the ramp for Hyderabad based fashion designer Sashi Vangapalli on the final day at the  Lakme Fashion Week Summer Resort 2017. And her spontaneous twirl and fun at the ramp proved that she is the queen of the ramp.  Last, she was seen walking the ramp in Manila at the Miss Universe 2016 pageant and she set it ablaze with her sheer presence. She won the Miss Universe title 23 years back. Since then she has come a long way as a Bollywood actor but never left the fashion world. She never ceases to surprize me with her grit and stamina as she is one of the fittest mothers in Bollywood who have crossed 40. Sushmita Sen is one of the coveted showstoppers for the fashion weeks.  This time she held all her fans spellbound with her easy going diva vibe.  Her lavender gown had structured, embellished peplum bodice with crafted sleeves and a cascading asymmetrical trail which looked edgy and elegant at the same time. The silver and gold tone embellishments on the gown had motifs derived from the Bidri Art form. The Bidri Art Form, which originated in the town of Bidar is a mix of the Persian, Arabic and Turkish art forms, to make the Bidri ware. The intricacy and beauty of the Bidri art form was an influential aspect for the vibrant collection presented by Sashi Vangapalli for her label ‘Mugdha Art Studio’ during Lakmé Fashion Week, Summer/Resort 2017.  Sushmita wore minimum accessory in the form of metal hand cuffs with the gown. She used subdued makeup. Even though the pastel colour of the gown was feminine but the over all look was fierce and modern. The gown looked flirty and even better on the former beauty queen.  I am looking forward to Sushmita’s next appearance on the ramp. Let’s see what’s up her sleeve this time. Sushmita Sen recently walked the ramp for Hyderabad based fashion designer Sashi Vangapalli on the final day at the  Lakme Fashion Week Summer Resort 2017. And her spontaneous twirl and fun at the ramp proved that she is the queen of the ramp.  Last, she was seen walking the ramp in Manila at the Miss Universe 2016 pageant and she set it ablaze with her sheer presence. She won the Miss Universe title 23 years back. Since then she has come a long way as a Bollywood actor but never left the fashion world. She never ceases to surprize me with her grit and stamina as she is one of the fittest mothers in Bollywood who have crossed 40. Sushmita Sen is one of the coveted showstoppers for the fashion weeks.  This time she held all her fans spellbound with her easy going diva vibe.  Her lavender gown had structured, embellished peplum bodice with crafted sleeves and a cascading asymmetrical trail which looked edgy and elegant at the same time. The silver and gold tone embellishments on the gown had motifs derived from the Bidri Art form. The Bidri Art Form, which originated in the town of Bidar is a mix of the Persian, Arabic and Turkish art forms, to make the Bidri ware. The intricacy and beauty of the Bidri art form was an influential aspect for the vibrant collection presented by Sashi Vangapalli for her label ‘Mugdha Art Studio’ during Lakmé Fashion Week, Summer/Resort 2017.  Sushmita wore minimum accessory in the form of metal hand cuffs with the gown. She used subdued makeup. Even though the pastel colour of the gown was feminine but the over all look was fierce and modern. The gown looked flirty and even better on the former beauty queen.  I am looking forward to Sushmita’s next appearance on the ramp. Let’s see what’s up her sleeve this time. Sushmita Sen recently walked the ramp for Hyderabad based fashion designer Sashi Vangapalli on the final day at the  Lakme Fashion Week Summer Resort 2017. And her spontaneous twirl and fun at the ramp proved that she is the queen of the ramp.  Last, she was seen walking the ramp in Manila at the Miss Universe 2016 pageant and she set it ablaze with her sheer presence. She won the Miss Universe title 23 years back. Since then she has come a long way as a Bollywood actor but never left the fashion world. She never ceases to surprize me with her grit and stamina as she is one of the fittest mothers in Bollywood who have crossed 40. Sushmita Sen is one of the coveted showstoppers for the fashion weeks.  This time she held all her fans spellbound with her easy going diva vibe.  Her lavender gown had structured, embellished peplum bodice with crafted sleeves and a cascading asymmetrical trail which looked edgy and elegant at the same time. The silver and gold tone embellishments on the gown had motifs derived from the Bidri Art form. The Bidri Art Form, which originated in the town of Bidar is a mix of the Persian, Arabic and Turkish art forms, to make the Bidri ware. The intricacy and beauty of the Bidri art form was an influential aspect for the vibrant collection presented by Sashi Vangapalli for her label ‘Mugdha Art Studio’ during Lakmé Fashion Week, Summer/Resort 2017.  Sushmita wore minimum accessory in the form of metal hand cuffs with the gown. She used subdued makeup. Even though the pastel colour of the gown was feminine but the over all look was fierce and modern. The gown looked flirty and even better on the former beauty queen.  I am looking forward to Sushmita’s next appearance on the ramp. Let’s see what’s up her sleeve this time. Sushmita Sen recently walked the ramp for Hyderabad based fashion designer Sashi Vangapalli on the final day at the  Lakme Fashion Week Summer Resort 2017. And her spontaneous twirl and fun at the ramp proved that she is the queen of the ramp.  Last, she was seen walking the ramp in Manila at the Miss Universe 2016 pageant and she set it ablaze with her sheer presence. She won the Miss Universe title 23 years back. Since then she has come a long way as a Bollywood actor but never left the fashion world. She never ceases to surprize me with her grit and stamina as she is one of the fittest mothers in Bollywood who have crossed 40. Sushmita Sen is one of the coveted showstoppers for the fashion weeks.  This time she held all her fans spellbound with her easy going diva vibe.  Her lavender gown had structured, embellished peplum bodice with crafted sleeves and a cascading asymmetrical trail which looked edgy and elegant at the same time. The silver and gold tone embellishments on the gown had motifs derived from the Bidri Art form. The Bidri Art Form, which originated in the town of Bidar is a mix of the Persian, Arabic and Turkish art forms, to make the Bidri ware. The intricacy and beauty of the Bidri art form was an influential aspect for the vibrant collection presented by Sashi Vangapalli for her label ‘Mugdha Art Studio’ during Lakmé Fashion Week, Summer/Resort 2017.  Sushmita wore minimum accessory in the form of metal hand cuffs with the gown. She used subdued makeup. Even though the pastel colour of the gown was feminine but the over all look was fierce and modern. The gown looked flirty and even better on the former beauty queen.  I am looking forward to Sushmita’s next appearance on the ramp. Let’s see what’s up her sleeve this time. Winters are knocking at our door and it is time to pull out our winter wear. Yes, the bulky jackets, pullovers, turtlenecks, woollen caps, shrugs, etc. I know many of you are cringing at the very thought of wearing these items. But dear fashionistas, a girl needs to fight the chill as well, right? With stylish winter wear currently available in the market, it’s not that bad as it seems, trust me! A decade ago Indian fashion embraced parkas, overcoats, warm shrugs, beanies and a lot other fashionable accessories to keep us warm so there is no dearth of warm winter wear items that can make us look like leading ladies from Kjo movies. Well, he has come a long way since he made Kajol wear a skimpy red dress in powdery swiss snow for DDLJ (Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge). The latest flick from Karan Johar had Aishwarya and Anushka rock the most stylish winter wear while roaming the streets of Vienna. So let’s take a cue from them and list a few select pieces which can bring out the diva in us this winter. 1. Biker/Bomber leather jacket: The bohemian style of Anushka was well complimented with long kurta, leather bomber jacket, kohled eyes, ethnic silver jhumkas, boots with black quilted bomber jacket. Her care free spirit came out on-screen effortlessly. She defied rules so her look can be pulled off by all rebels at heart women. In the past Kareena Kapoor had also sported boots with kurta and ethnic jewellery for the movie Gabbar is Back. If you are one of those people who like to create their own style without blindly following fashion then this look is for you. 2. Overcoats/Parkas: Aishwarya’s impeccable, sophisticated and ultra-stylish look is ageless in the movie Ae Dil Hai Mushkil. Those long floor length parkas and furry overcoats are a staple to every stylish woman in the world. Teamed with high heeled boots her parkas projected a confident, beautiful woman who knows what she wants. Smokey eyes added to the intrigue. This look is for women who are professionals and mature in their outlook. I loved her look in the movie. https://www.instagram.com/p/BMBkLI6DUwQ/ 3. Shrugs/Sweater: Cover up in style with shrugs and sweaters for women available at various stores in your vicinity. Be it Sarojini Nagar market, online stores like Myntra or highstreet fashion brands like Only, Vero Moda, Desigual, etc. you will find your stylish sweaters for women here. Don’t frown as these could help you fight light to moderate chill in the air as well as help you layer efficiently so that you can control the exposure to low temperatures with ease. First put on soft comfy top, try to put a cardigan over it and on top you can go for shrugs and warm stoles or scarves. The idea is to layer clothes so that you can control your body temperature as per the outside temperature. https://www.instagram.com/p/BMeWNBijWWP/ 4. Scarves/stoles: Infinity scarves are trending as well as warm stoles are getting popular in the areas that do not see extreme shift in temperatures. Mumbai is one of those cities which doesn’t see much change in temperature. The climate remains moderate throughout the year. December and January seem pleasantly cooler than other months. That is when stoles and scarves come handy to beat the early morning chill. Pop colour scarves are in this season. Look how effortlessly chic Anushka is looking in this scarf. 5. Boots: Boots!!! Do I need to say more? Wear them with anything and everything. Period! They look cool, they are warm and comfortable. What else does a girl need? See how Anushka has paired them with leather look tights and winter coat.  6. Caps/ Beanies: There are ample of options in this segment. From flowery, crocheted, girly headgears to tomboyish leather look caps. I wore one last year while on my Eurotrip. Check it out here. It is very important to keep your head warm in protective caps during extreme winters.    7. Gloves: I love the sleek leather ones which has a faux fur lining inside it. Those are soft, warm, water proof and stay forever. Recently, I bought a pair for Rs. 600 at Dharavi Leather market and those look amazing. Did I miss out on something? Do let me know. Till then stay stylish and happy this winter. Winters are knocking at our door and it is time to pull out our winter wear. Yes, the bulky jackets, pullovers, turtlenecks, woollen caps, shrugs, etc. I know many of you are cringing at the very thought of wearing these items. But dear fashionistas, a girl needs to fight the chill as well, right? With stylish winter wear currently available in the market, it’s not that bad as it seems, trust me! A decade ago Indian fashion embraced parkas, overcoats, warm shrugs, beanies and a lot other fashionable accessories to keep us warm so there is no dearth of warm winter wear items that can make us look like leading ladies from Kjo movies. Well, he has come a long way since he made Kajol wear a skimpy red dress in powdery swiss snow for DDLJ (Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge). The latest flick from Karan Johar had Aishwarya and Anushka rock the most stylish winter wear while roaming the streets of Vienna. So let’s take a cue from them and list a few select pieces which can bring out the diva in us this winter. 1. Biker/Bomber leather jacket: The bohemian style of Anushka was well complimented with long kurta, leather bomber jacket, kohled eyes, ethnic silver jhumkas, boots with black quilted bomber jacket. Her care free spirit came out on-screen effortlessly. She defied rules so her look can be pulled off by all rebels at heart women. In the past Kareena Kapoor had also sported boots with kurta and ethnic jewellery for the movie Gabbar is Back. If you are one of those people who like to create their own style without blindly following fashion then this look is for you. 2. Overcoats/Parkas: Aishwarya’s impeccable, sophisticated and ultra-stylish look is ageless in the movie Ae Dil Hai Mushkil. Those long floor length parkas and furry overcoats are a staple to every stylish woman in the world. Teamed with high heeled boots her parkas projected a confident, beautiful woman who knows what she wants. Smokey eyes added to the intrigue. This look is for women who are professionals and mature in their outlook. I loved her look in the movie. https://www.instagram.com/p/BMBkLI6DUwQ/ 3. Shrugs/Sweater: Cover up in style with shrugs and sweaters for women available at various stores in your vicinity. Be it Sarojini Nagar market, online stores like Myntra or highstreet fashion brands like Only, Vero Moda, Desigual, etc. you will find your stylish sweaters for women here. Don’t frown as these could help you fight light to moderate chill in the air as well as help you layer efficiently so that you can control the exposure to low temperatures with ease. First put on soft comfy top, try to put a cardigan over it and on top you can go for shrugs and warm stoles or scarves. The idea is to layer clothes so that you can control your body temperature as per the outside temperature. https://www.instagram.com/p/BMeWNBijWWP/ 4. Scarves/stoles: Infinity scarves are trending as well as warm stoles are getting popular in the areas that do not see extreme shift in temperatures. Mumbai is one of those cities which doesn’t see much change in temperature. The climate remains moderate throughout the year. December and January seem pleasantly cooler than other months. That is when stoles and scarves come handy to beat the early morning chill. Pop colour scarves are in this season. Look how effortlessly chic Anushka is looking in this scarf. 5. Boots: Boots!!! Do I need to say more? Wear them with anything and everything. Period! They look cool, they are warm and comfortable. What else does a girl need? See how Anushka has paired them with leather look tights and winter coat.  6. Caps/ Beanies: There are ample of options in this segment. From flowery, crocheted, girly headgears to tomboyish leather look caps. I wore one last year while on my Eurotrip. Check it out here. It is very important to keep your head warm in protective caps during extreme winters.    7. Gloves: I love the sleek leather ones which has a faux fur lining inside it. Those are soft, warm, water proof and stay forever. Recently, I bought a pair for Rs. 600 at Dharavi Leather market and those look amazing. Did I miss out on something? Do let me know. Till then stay stylish and happy this winter. Winters are knocking at our door and it is time to pull out our winter wear. Yes, the bulky jackets, pullovers, turtlenecks, woollen caps, shrugs, etc. I know many of you are cringing at the very thought of wearing these items. But dear fashionistas, a girl needs to fight the chill as well, right? With stylish winter wear currently available in the market, it’s not that bad as it seems, trust me! A decade ago Indian fashion embraced parkas, overcoats, warm shrugs, beanies and a lot other fashionable accessories to keep us warm so there is no dearth of warm winter wear items that can make us look like leading ladies from Kjo movies. Well, he has come a long way since he made Kajol wear a skimpy red dress in powdery swiss snow for DDLJ (Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge). The latest flick from Karan Johar had Aishwarya and Anushka rock the most stylish winter wear while roaming the streets of Vienna. So let’s take a cue from them and list a few select pieces which can bring out the diva in us this winter. 1. Biker/Bomber leather jacket: The bohemian style of Anushka was well complimented with long kurta, leather bomber jacket, kohled eyes, ethnic silver jhumkas, boots with black quilted bomber jacket. Her care free spirit came out on-screen effortlessly. She defied rules so her look can be pulled off by all rebels at heart women. In the past Kareena Kapoor had also sported boots with kurta and ethnic jewellery for the movie Gabbar is Back. If you are one of those people who like to create their own style without blindly following fashion then this look is for you. 2. Overcoats/Parkas: Aishwarya’s impeccable, sophisticated and ultra-stylish look is ageless in the movie Ae Dil Hai Mushkil. Those long floor length parkas and furry overcoats are a staple to every stylish woman in the world. Teamed with high heeled boots her parkas projected a confident, beautiful woman who knows what she wants. Smokey eyes added to the intrigue. This look is for women who are professionals and mature in their outlook. I loved her look in the movie. https://www.instagram.com/p/BMBkLI6DUwQ/ 3. Shrugs/Sweater: Cover up in style with shrugs and sweaters for women available at various stores in your vicinity. Be it Sarojini Nagar market, online stores like Myntra or highstreet fashion brands like Only, Vero Moda, Desigual, etc. you will find your stylish sweaters for women here. Don’t frown as these could help you fight light to moderate chill in the air as well as help you layer efficiently so that you can control the exposure to low temperatures with ease. First put on soft comfy top, try to put a cardigan over it and on top you can go for shrugs and warm stoles or scarves. The idea is to layer clothes so that you can control your body temperature as per the outside temperature. https://www.instagram.com/p/BMeWNBijWWP/ 4. Scarves/stoles: Infinity scarves are trending as well as warm stoles are getting popular in the areas that do not see extreme shift in temperatures. Mumbai is one of those cities which doesn’t see much change in temperature. The climate remains moderate throughout the year. December and January seem pleasantly cooler than other months. That is when stoles and scarves come handy to beat the early morning chill. Pop colour scarves are in this season. Look how effortlessly chic Anushka is looking in this scarf. 5. Boots: Boots!!! Do I need to say more? Wear them with anything and everything. Period! They look cool, they are warm and comfortable. What else does a girl need? See how Anushka has paired them with leather look tights and winter coat.  6. Caps/ Beanies: There are ample of options in this segment. From flowery, crocheted, girly headgears to tomboyish leather look caps. I wore one last year while on my Eurotrip. Check it out here. It is very important to keep your head warm in protective caps during extreme winters.    7. Gloves: I love the sleek leather ones which has a faux fur lining inside it. Those are soft, warm, water proof and stay forever. Recently, I bought a pair for Rs. 600 at Dharavi Leather market and those look amazing. Did I miss out on something? Do let me know. Till then stay stylish and happy this winter. Winters are knocking at our door and it is time to pull out our winter wear. Yes, the bulky jackets, pullovers, turtlenecks, woollen caps, shrugs, etc. I know many of you are cringing at the very thought of wearing these items. But dear fashionistas, a girl needs to fight the chill as well, right? With stylish winter wear currently available in the market, it’s not that bad as it seems, trust me! A decade ago Indian fashion embraced parkas, overcoats, warm shrugs, beanies and a lot other fashionable accessories to keep us warm so there is no dearth of warm winter wear items that can make us look like leading ladies from Kjo movies. Well, he has come a long way since he made Kajol wear a skimpy red dress in powdery swiss snow for DDLJ (Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge). The latest flick from Karan Johar had Aishwarya and Anushka rock the most stylish winter wear while roaming the streets of Vienna. So let’s take a cue from them and list a few select pieces which can bring out the diva in us this winter. 1. Biker/Bomber leather jacket: The bohemian style of Anushka was well complimented with long kurta, leather bomber jacket, kohled eyes, ethnic silver jhumkas, boots with black quilted bomber jacket. Her care free spirit came out on-screen effortlessly. She defied rules so her look can be pulled off by all rebels at heart women. In the past Kareena Kapoor had also sported boots with kurta and ethnic jewellery for the movie Gabbar is Back. If you are one of those people who like to create their own style without blindly following fashion then this look is for you. 2. Overcoats/Parkas: Aishwarya’s impeccable, sophisticated and ultra-stylish look is ageless in the movie Ae Dil Hai Mushkil. Those long floor length parkas and furry overcoats are a staple to every stylish woman in the world. Teamed with high heeled boots her parkas projected a confident, beautiful woman who knows what she wants. Smokey eyes added to the intrigue. This look is for women who are professionals and mature in their outlook. I loved her look in the movie. https://www.instagram.com/p/BMBkLI6DUwQ/ 3. Shrugs/Sweater: Cover up in style with shrugs and sweaters for women available at various stores in your vicinity. Be it Sarojini Nagar market, online stores like Myntra or highstreet fashion brands like Only, Vero Moda, Desigual, etc. you will find your stylish sweaters for women here. Don’t frown as these could help you fight light to moderate chill in the air as well as help you layer efficiently so that you can control the exposure to low temperatures with ease. First put on soft comfy top, try to put a cardigan over it and on top you can go for shrugs and warm stoles or scarves. The idea is to layer clothes so that you can control your body temperature as per the outside temperature. https://www.instagram.com/p/BMeWNBijWWP/ 4. Scarves/stoles: Infinity scarves are trending as well as warm stoles are getting popular in the areas that do not see extreme shift in temperatures. Mumbai is one of those cities which doesn’t see much change in temperature. The climate remains moderate throughout the year. December and January seem pleasantly cooler than other months. That is when stoles and scarves come handy to beat the early morning chill. Pop colour scarves are in this season. Look how effortlessly chic Anushka is looking in this scarf. 5. Boots: Boots!!! Do I need to say more? Wear them with anything and everything. Period! They look cool, they are warm and comfortable. What else does a girl need? See how Anushka has paired them with leather look tights and winter coat.  6. Caps/ Beanies: There are ample of options in this segment. From flowery, crocheted, girly headgears to tomboyish leather look caps. I wore one last year while on my Eurotrip. Check it out here. It is very important to keep your head warm in protective caps during extreme winters.    7. Gloves: I love the sleek leather ones which has a faux fur lining inside it. Those are soft, warm, water proof and stay forever. Recently, I bought a pair for Rs. 600 at Dharavi Leather market and those look amazing. Did I miss out on something? Do let me know. Till then stay stylish and happy this winter. Lakme Fashion Week Autumn/Winter 2016 showcased India’s first ever plus size fashion show in association with the brand ‘aLL’. Keeping up with the international pulse of celebrating all types of bodies, Indian fashion industry took a big leap when they decided to go ahead with a plus size clothing fashion show and handpicked 10 plus size models through rigorous auditions. Let’s be honest, most of us have gained enough mass around the midriff to rejoice such an effort. But when the show went live, many overweight people felt disappointed, rather threatened with the idea of fashion for plus size, the way it was presented during the show. The models were presented like hip-hop artists wearing chains, hoodies, leather jackets, hoops, studded B-boy caps, beanies, chunky belts and ankle-high sports shoes. The show was curated by Little Shilpa and she wanted to show the fun and carefree side of the generally underrated size category by styling them like the back street hip-hop stars performing with their high voltage confidence.  Underrated size category, definitely agreed, but low in confidence is rather far fetched assumption for plus size people. I have seen many overweight men and women carry themselves with elan and with much style and confidence than others. The very assumption that they never show their carefree and  confident style is a dent in the idea of promoting plus size clothing in the Indian fashion industry. College going plus size men and women are already dressing in the so called hip-hop fashion. So this fashion show was nothing exclusive. Nothing Lakme Fashion Week worthy! Though, it did help launch careers of the 10 chosen plus size models or may be add to their CV value. But as an audience, or a plus size fashion consumer, there was very little for us to take back home. There was no inspiration, no enthusiasm.  In the brand aLL’s defense, I would say that they cater to casual wear for the plus size consumer and cannot procure couture pieces for the show. They would showcase whatever they have to offer off their shelf. But as an audience, may be we were expecting more. We were expecting sexy silhouettes, curvy embellished gowns, flowing ensembles, just like the other brands who strutted on the fashion week runway this season for the so called normal sized people. This show left the plus size consumer high and dry. Can we have plus size fashion in India which is Ashley Graham worthy?  Hoping to see other plus size brands showcase the best they have in bridal wear, ethnic wear, handlooms and couture in the plus size category. But why create a separate show all together? I think other brands should showcase one or two plus size pieces in each collection they present during the fashion show. Include size 16 (UK) and above in your collection if you want to reach larger market in India. What do you guys think? How is the plus size fashion market in India? Lakme Fashion Week Autumn/Winter 2016 showcased India’s first ever plus size fashion show in association with the brand ‘aLL’. Keeping up with the international pulse of celebrating all types of bodies, Indian fashion industry took a big leap when they decided to go ahead with a plus size clothing fashion show and handpicked 10 plus size models through rigorous auditions. Let’s be honest, most of us have gained enough mass around the midriff to rejoice such an effort. But when the show went live, many overweight people felt disappointed, rather threatened with the idea of fashion for plus size, the way it was presented during the show. The models were presented like hip-hop artists wearing chains, hoodies, leather jackets, hoops, studded B-boy caps, beanies, chunky belts and ankle-high sports shoes. The show was curated by Little Shilpa and she wanted to show the fun and carefree side of the generally underrated size category by styling them like the back street hip-hop stars performing with their high voltage confidence.  Underrated size category, definitely agreed, but low in confidence is rather far fetched assumption for plus size people. I have seen many overweight men and women carry themselves with elan and with much style and confidence than others. The very assumption that they never show their carefree and  confident style is a dent in the idea of promoting plus size clothing in the Indian fashion industry. College going plus size men and women are already dressing in the so called hip-hop fashion. So this fashion show was nothing exclusive. Nothing Lakme Fashion Week worthy! Though, it did help launch careers of the 10 chosen plus size models or may be add to their CV value. But as an audience, or a plus size fashion consumer, there was very little for us to take back home. There was no inspiration, no enthusiasm.  In the brand aLL’s defense, I would say that they cater to casual wear for the plus size consumer and cannot procure couture pieces for the show. They would showcase whatever they have to offer off their shelf. But as an audience, may be we were expecting more. We were expecting sexy silhouettes, curvy embellished gowns, flowing ensembles, just like the other brands who strutted on the fashion week runway this season for the so called normal sized people. This show left the plus size consumer high and dry. Can we have plus size fashion in India which is Ashley Graham worthy?  Hoping to see other plus size brands showcase the best they have in bridal wear, ethnic wear, handlooms and couture in the plus size category. But why create a separate show all together? I think other brands should showcase one or two plus size pieces in each collection they present during the fashion show. Include size 16 (UK) and above in your collection if you want to reach larger market in India. What do you guys think? How is the plus size fashion market in India? Lakme Fashion Week Autumn/Winter 2016 showcased India’s first ever plus size fashion show in association with the brand ‘aLL’. Keeping up with the international pulse of celebrating all types of bodies, Indian fashion industry took a big leap when they decided to go ahead with a plus size clothing fashion show and handpicked 10 plus size models through rigorous auditions. Let’s be honest, most of us have gained enough mass around the midriff to rejoice such an effort. But when the show went live, many overweight people felt disappointed, rather threatened with the idea of fashion for plus size, the way it was presented during the show. The models were presented like hip-hop artists wearing chains, hoodies, leather jackets, hoops, studded B-boy caps, beanies, chunky belts and ankle-high sports shoes. The show was curated by Little Shilpa and she wanted to show the fun and carefree side of the generally underrated size category by styling them like the back street hip-hop stars performing with their high voltage confidence.  Underrated size category, definitely agreed, but low in confidence is rather far fetched assumption for plus size people. I have seen many overweight men and women carry themselves with elan and with much style and confidence than others. The very assumption that they never show their carefree and  confident style is a dent in the idea of promoting plus size clothing in the Indian fashion industry. College going plus size men and women are already dressing in the so called hip-hop fashion. So this fashion show was nothing exclusive. Nothing Lakme Fashion Week worthy! Though, it did help launch careers of the 10 chosen plus size models or may be add to their CV value. But as an audience, or a plus size fashion consumer, there was very little for us to take back home. There was no inspiration, no enthusiasm.  In the brand aLL’s defense, I would say that they cater to casual wear for the plus size consumer and cannot procure couture pieces for the show. They would showcase whatever they have to offer off their shelf. But as an audience, may be we were expecting more. We were expecting sexy silhouettes, curvy embellished gowns, flowing ensembles, just like the other brands who strutted on the fashion week runway this season for the so called normal sized people. This show left the plus size consumer high and dry. Can we have plus size fashion in India which is Ashley Graham worthy?  Hoping to see other plus size brands showcase the best they have in bridal wear, ethnic wear, handlooms and couture in the plus size category. But why create a separate show all together? I think other brands should showcase one or two plus size pieces in each collection they present during the fashion show. Include size 16 (UK) and above in your collection if you want to reach larger market in India. What do you guys think? How is the plus size fashion market in India? Lakme Fashion Week Autumn/Winter 2016 showcased India’s first ever plus size fashion show in association with the brand ‘aLL’. Keeping up with the international pulse of celebrating all types of bodies, Indian fashion industry took a big leap when they decided to go ahead with a plus size clothing fashion show and handpicked 10 plus size models through rigorous auditions. Let’s be honest, most of us have gained enough mass around the midriff to rejoice such an effort. But when the show went live, many overweight people felt disappointed, rather threatened with the idea of fashion for plus size, the way it was presented during the show. The models were presented like hip-hop artists wearing chains, hoodies, leather jackets, hoops, studded B-boy caps, beanies, chunky belts and ankle-high sports shoes. The show was curated by Little Shilpa and she wanted to show the fun and carefree side of the generally underrated size category by styling them like the back street hip-hop stars performing with their high voltage confidence.  Underrated size category, definitely agreed, but low in confidence is rather far fetched assumption for plus size people. I have seen many overweight men and women carry themselves with elan and with much style and confidence than others. The very assumption that they never show their carefree and  confident style is a dent in the idea of promoting plus size clothing in the Indian fashion industry. College going plus size men and women are already dressing in the so called hip-hop fashion. So this fashion show was nothing exclusive. Nothing Lakme Fashion Week worthy! Though, it did help launch careers of the 10 chosen plus size models or may be add to their CV value. But as an audience, or a plus size fashion consumer, there was very little for us to take back home. There was no inspiration, no enthusiasm.  In the brand aLL’s defense, I would say that they cater to casual wear for the plus size consumer and cannot procure couture pieces for the show. They would showcase whatever they have to offer off their shelf. But as an audience, may be we were expecting more. We were expecting sexy silhouettes, curvy embellished gowns, flowing ensembles, just like the other brands who strutted on the fashion week runway this season for the so called normal sized people. This show left the plus size consumer high and dry. Can we have plus size fashion in India which is Ashley Graham worthy?  Hoping to see other plus size brands showcase the best they have in bridal wear, ethnic wear, handlooms and couture in the plus size category. But why create a separate show all together? I think other brands should showcase one or two plus size pieces in each collection they present during the fashion show. Include size 16 (UK) and above in your collection if you want to reach larger market in India. What do you guys think? How is the plus size fashion market in India? Kareena Kapoor Khan looked resplendent in a Sabyasachi ensemble during the Lakme Fashion Week Autumn/Winter 2016 closing show. She was cheered on by her family during the show, especially by sister Karishma Kapoor. Her pregnancy glow definitely illuminated the collection, which is also called ‘Illuminate’ by Sabyasachi. She is the second pregnant showstopper in the history of Lakme Fashion Week. Last season model Carol Gracias started this trend.  The Grand finale show was at the mega Mehboob studios. The added bonus was the performance by the Symphony Orchestra of India. The show was grand and the designs spelt grandeur. Sabyasachi Mukherjee’s designs have been loved and admired for the way they celebrate India’s rich heritage through exceptional handloom and craftsmanship. The collection included sportswear, a first from Sabya, along with lush fabrics weaved into salwar suits, kurtas and sarees all infusing a striking shimmer twist. I also saw bejeweled micro mini dresses that are perfect for the upcoming festive and cocktail season. The muted autumn colours ruled the collection. “Being at Lakmé Fashion Week always feels like a beautiful walk down memory lane, given this is where I made my debut in fashion! It’s an honour to be the Grand Finale designer once again and working with an inspiring brand like Lakmé. I have thoroughly enjoyed creating this collection inspired by the ‘Illuminate’ statement”, said Sabyasachi. Kareena was thrilled to be a part of this show. She added, “I love his designs and wear them often, and his creations for the illuminate collection are simply fabulous. Lakmé and Sabyasachi are the ultimate combination to have on a runway and I am glad to be a part of this!” The entire collection was breathtakingly beautiful. Brides to be can take a cue from the designs showcased in this collection as it included both traditional drapes as well as modern take on our heritage. Loved it! Ideal for a modern day princess look. What do you guys think about this collection? Do leave a comment below. Kareena Kapoor Khan looked resplendent in a Sabyasachi ensemble during the Lakme Fashion Week Autumn/Winter 2016 closing show. She was cheered on by her family during the show, especially by sister Karishma Kapoor. Her pregnancy glow definitely illuminated the collection, which is also called ‘Illuminate’ by Sabyasachi. She is the second pregnant showstopper in the history of Lakme Fashion Week. Last season model Carol Gracias started this trend.  The Grand finale show was at the mega Mehboob studios. The added bonus was the performance by the Symphony Orchestra of India. The show was grand and the designs spelt grandeur. Sabyasachi Mukherjee’s designs have been loved and admired for the way they celebrate India’s rich heritage through exceptional handloom and craftsmanship. The collection included sportswear, a first from Sabya, along with lush fabrics weaved into salwar suits, kurtas and sarees all infusing a striking shimmer twist. I also saw bejeweled micro mini dresses that are perfect for the upcoming festive and cocktail season. The muted autumn colours ruled the collection. “Being at Lakmé Fashion Week always feels like a beautiful walk down memory lane, given this is where I made my debut in fashion! It’s an honour to be the Grand Finale designer once again and working with an inspiring brand like Lakmé. I have thoroughly enjoyed creating this collection inspired by the ‘Illuminate’ statement”, said Sabyasachi. Kareena was thrilled to be a part of this show. She added, “I love his designs and wear them often, and his creations for the illuminate collection are simply fabulous. Lakmé and Sabyasachi are the ultimate combination to have on a runway and I am glad to be a part of this!” The entire collection was breathtakingly beautiful. Brides to be can take a cue from the designs showcased in this collection as it included both traditional drapes as well as modern take on our heritage. Loved it! Ideal for a modern day princess look. What do you guys think about this collection? Do leave a comment below. Kareena Kapoor Khan looked resplendent in a Sabyasachi ensemble during the Lakme Fashion Week Autumn/Winter 2016 closing show. She was cheered on by her family during the show, especially by sister Karishma Kapoor. Her pregnancy glow definitely illuminated the collection, which is also called ‘Illuminate’ by Sabyasachi. She is the second pregnant showstopper in the history of Lakme Fashion Week. Last season model Carol Gracias started this trend.  The Grand finale show was at the mega Mehboob studios. The added bonus was the performance by the Symphony Orchestra of India. The show was grand and the designs spelt grandeur. Sabyasachi Mukherjee’s designs have been loved and admired for the way they celebrate India’s rich heritage through exceptional handloom and craftsmanship. The collection included sportswear, a first from Sabya, along with lush fabrics weaved into salwar suits, kurtas and sarees all infusing a striking shimmer twist. I also saw bejeweled micro mini dresses that are perfect for the upcoming festive and cocktail season. The muted autumn colours ruled the collection. “Being at Lakmé Fashion Week always feels like a beautiful walk down memory lane, given this is where I made my debut in fashion! It’s an honour to be the Grand Finale designer once again and working with an inspiring brand like Lakmé. I have thoroughly enjoyed creating this collection inspired by the ‘Illuminate’ statement”, said Sabyasachi. Kareena was thrilled to be a part of this show. She added, “I love his designs and wear them often, and his creations for the illuminate collection are simply fabulous. Lakmé and Sabyasachi are the ultimate combination to have on a runway and I am glad to be a part of this!” The entire collection was breathtakingly beautiful. Brides to be can take a cue from the designs showcased in this collection as it included both traditional drapes as well as modern take on our heritage. Loved it! Ideal for a modern day princess look. What do you guys think about this collection? Do leave a comment below. Kareena Kapoor Khan looked resplendent in a Sabyasachi ensemble during the Lakme Fashion Week Autumn/Winter 2016 closing show. She was cheered on by her family during the show, especially by sister Karishma Kapoor. Her pregnancy glow definitely illuminated the collection, which is also called ‘Illuminate’ by Sabyasachi. She is the second pregnant showstopper in the history of Lakme Fashion Week. Last season model Carol Gracias started this trend.  The Grand finale show was at the mega Mehboob studios. The added bonus was the performance by the Symphony Orchestra of India. The show was grand and the designs spelt grandeur. Sabyasachi Mukherjee’s designs have been loved and admired for the way they celebrate India’s rich heritage through exceptional handloom and craftsmanship. The collection included sportswear, a first from Sabya, along with lush fabrics weaved into salwar suits, kurtas and sarees all infusing a striking shimmer twist. I also saw bejeweled micro mini dresses that are perfect for the upcoming festive and cocktail season. The muted autumn colours ruled the collection. “Being at Lakmé Fashion Week always feels like a beautiful walk down memory lane, given this is where I made my debut in fashion! It’s an honour to be the Grand Finale designer once again and working with an inspiring brand like Lakmé. I have thoroughly enjoyed creating this collection inspired by the ‘Illuminate’ statement”, said Sabyasachi. Kareena was thrilled to be a part of this show. She added, “I love his designs and wear them often, and his creations for the illuminate collection are simply fabulous. Lakmé and Sabyasachi are the ultimate combination to have on a runway and I am glad to be a part of this!” The entire collection was breathtakingly beautiful. Brides to be can take a cue from the designs showcased in this collection as it included both traditional drapes as well as modern take on our heritage. Loved it! Ideal for a modern day princess look. What do you guys think about this collection? Do leave a comment below. Rohit Khandelwal is representing India in Mr. World 2016 pageant to be held at Southport, UK on July 19. In the 9th edition of Mr. World, contestants from 42 countries will participate and compete to win the crown. At the pageant, Rohit will be seen competing for various sub-contests at the pageant to get him closer to the title like Mr. World Multimedia Award, Mr. World Talent, Mr. World Sports Event, Mr. World Fashion & Model Award, Mr. World Extreme Sports and Mobstar People’s Choice Awards.  “I am very excited and thrilled to represent India at the Mr. World pageant. I am going to give it my best shot at winning the title and encouraging the youth of today to believe in themselves.” Said Rohit. Coming from a conservative family in Hyderabad, Rohit has worked hard to reach this far. The endless running, multiple reps, healthy eating, the pain, the sweat – he gave it his all. After all, it is not easy being chosen as Mr. India World 2015 amongst the fittest and smartest men in the country. Rohit has got the opportunity to be trained and mentored by some of the leading experts from the industry like Nivedita Saboo, Surabhi Sharma, Sabeera Merchant, Supreet Bedi, Jamuna Pai, Dr.Sandesh Mayekar, Swaroop Medara, Rukshana Eisa and many more. He will be seen in a Tuxedo, exclusively designed by Nivedita Saboo for his final round. Hope you make India proud Rohit. Rohit Khandelwal is representing India in Mr. World 2016 pageant to be held at Southport, UK on July 19. In the 9th edition of Mr. World, contestants from 42 countries will participate and compete to win the crown. At the pageant, Rohit will be seen competing for various sub-contests at the pageant to get him closer to the title like Mr. World Multimedia Award, Mr. World Talent, Mr. World Sports Event, Mr. World Fashion & Model Award, Mr. World Extreme Sports and Mobstar People’s Choice Awards.  “I am very excited and thrilled to represent India at the Mr. World pageant. I am going to give it my best shot at winning the title and encouraging the youth of today to believe in themselves.” Said Rohit. Coming from a conservative family in Hyderabad, Rohit has worked hard to reach this far. The endless running, multiple reps, healthy eating, the pain, the sweat – he gave it his all. After all, it is not easy being chosen as Mr. India World 2015 amongst the fittest and smartest men in the country. Rohit has got the opportunity to be trained and mentored by some of the leading experts from the industry like Nivedita Saboo, Surabhi Sharma, Sabeera Merchant, Supreet Bedi, Jamuna Pai, Dr.Sandesh Mayekar, Swaroop Medara, Rukshana Eisa and many more. He will be seen in a Tuxedo, exclusively designed by Nivedita Saboo for his final round. Hope you make India proud Rohit. Rohit Khandelwal is representing India in Mr. World 2016 pageant to be held at Southport, UK on July 19. In the 9th edition of Mr. World, contestants from 42 countries will participate and compete to win the crown. At the pageant, Rohit will be seen competing for various sub-contests at the pageant to get him closer to the title like Mr. World Multimedia Award, Mr. World Talent, Mr. World Sports Event, Mr. World Fashion & Model Award, Mr. World Extreme Sports and Mobstar People’s Choice Awards.  “I am very excited and thrilled to represent India at the Mr. World pageant. I am going to give it my best shot at winning the title and encouraging the youth of today to believe in themselves.” Said Rohit. Coming from a conservative family in Hyderabad, Rohit has worked hard to reach this far. The endless running, multiple reps, healthy eating, the pain, the sweat – he gave it his all. After all, it is not easy being chosen as Mr. India World 2015 amongst the fittest and smartest men in the country. Rohit has got the opportunity to be trained and mentored by some of the leading experts from the industry like Nivedita Saboo, Surabhi Sharma, Sabeera Merchant, Supreet Bedi, Jamuna Pai, Dr.Sandesh Mayekar, Swaroop Medara, Rukshana Eisa and many more. He will be seen in a Tuxedo, exclusively designed by Nivedita Saboo for his final round. Hope you make India proud Rohit. Rohit Khandelwal is representing India in Mr. World 2016 pageant to be held at Southport, UK on July 19. In the 9th edition of Mr. World, contestants from 42 countries will participate and compete to win the crown. At the pageant, Rohit will be seen competing for various sub-contests at the pageant to get him closer to the title like Mr. World Multimedia Award, Mr. World Talent, Mr. World Sports Event, Mr. World Fashion & Model Award, Mr. World Extreme Sports and Mobstar People’s Choice Awards.  “I am very excited and thrilled to represent India at the Mr. World pageant. I am going to give it my best shot at winning the title and encouraging the youth of today to believe in themselves.” Said Rohit. Coming from a conservative family in Hyderabad, Rohit has worked hard to reach this far. The endless running, multiple reps, healthy eating, the pain, the sweat – he gave it his all. After all, it is not easy being chosen as Mr. India World 2015 amongst the fittest and smartest men in the country. Rohit has got the opportunity to be trained and mentored by some of the leading experts from the industry like Nivedita Saboo, Surabhi Sharma, Sabeera Merchant, Supreet Bedi, Jamuna Pai, Dr.Sandesh Mayekar, Swaroop Medara, Rukshana Eisa and many more. He will be seen in a Tuxedo, exclusively designed by Nivedita Saboo for his final round. Hope you make India proud Rohit. Textile day at LFW Spring Summer 2016 saw Gaurang present his latest collection Calico to the fashion enthusiasts and it certainly was eye catching. Indian fabric like Jamdani was presented in western wear and international silhouettes. Vintage styles have been repeated which looks fresh from the regular fashion. The colours, the golden borders that you see in a saari were beautifully designed into evening wear gowns. Saaris were also presented in unusual drapes.  Calico is homage to the traditional textile from the 11th century. The collection is a juxtapose of traditional Jamdani weaving tailored to silhouettes from the royal India in 1920s. Each ensemble is woven in the signature Jamdani weaving technique that takes 8-10 months to weave.  Gaurang has used various textures in Khadi like Muga, Tussar , Dupion , Silk to create these dresses. The theme being the Tree of Life. Calico is a manifestation of the Jamdani weave in an international flavour.  Moreover, I was impressed to see a pregnant Carol Gracias on the ramp. The designer has broken the taboo that expecting mothers cannot work in the modeling industry. She looked elegant and did justice to her job. More power to such initiatives.  Talking about his latest collection, Gaurang says, “Calico is iconic weaves and techniques in all their unfettered glory. Calico emphasizes the rich and vibrant history of Indian craftsmanship while championing the Indian woman of today.”  “Each ensemble from this collection is crafted from exquisite handwoven textiles in Khadi, Uppada and Kota using the Jamdani technique,” said the designer. Declared an Intangible Cultural Heritage of Humanity by UNESCO, the Jamdani is a singularly striking weave that has created an impact across the centuries. The patterns are woven with a non-structural weft resulting in vibrant patterns that dance across the fabric. I am glad that the Hyderbad based designer is using Indian weaving techniques like Jamdani and Chikankari to promote our artisans and create value for our designs.  What do you feel about this collection? Textile day at LFW Spring Summer 2016 saw Gaurang present his latest collection Calico to the fashion enthusiasts and it certainly was eye catching. Indian fabric like Jamdani was presented in western wear and international silhouettes. Vintage styles have been repeated which looks fresh from the regular fashion. The colours, the golden borders that you see in a saari were beautifully designed into evening wear gowns. Saaris were also presented in unusual drapes.  Calico is homage to the traditional textile from the 11th century. The collection is a juxtapose of traditional Jamdani weaving tailored to silhouettes from the royal India in 1920s. Each ensemble is woven in the signature Jamdani weaving technique that takes 8-10 months to weave.  Gaurang has used various textures in Khadi like Muga, Tussar , Dupion , Silk to create these dresses. The theme being the Tree of Life. Calico is a manifestation of the Jamdani weave in an international flavour.  Moreover, I was impressed to see a pregnant Carol Gracias on the ramp. The designer has broken the taboo that expecting mothers cannot work in the modeling industry. She looked elegant and did justice to her job. More power to such initiatives.  Talking about his latest collection, Gaurang says, “Calico is iconic weaves and techniques in all their unfettered glory. Calico emphasizes the rich and vibrant history of Indian craftsmanship while championing the Indian woman of today.”  “Each ensemble from this collection is crafted from exquisite handwoven textiles in Khadi, Uppada and Kota using the Jamdani technique,” said the designer. Declared an Intangible Cultural Heritage of Humanity by UNESCO, the Jamdani is a singularly striking weave that has created an impact across the centuries. The patterns are woven with a non-structural weft resulting in vibrant patterns that dance across the fabric. I am glad that the Hyderbad based designer is using Indian weaving techniques like Jamdani and Chikankari to promote our artisans and create value for our designs.  What do you feel about this collection? Textile day at LFW Spring Summer 2016 saw Gaurang present his latest collection Calico to the fashion enthusiasts and it certainly was eye catching. Indian fabric like Jamdani was presented in western wear and international silhouettes. Vintage styles have been repeated which looks fresh from the regular fashion. The colours, the golden borders that you see in a saari were beautifully designed into evening wear gowns. Saaris were also presented in unusual drapes.  Calico is homage to the traditional textile from the 11th century. The collection is a juxtapose of traditional Jamdani weaving tailored to silhouettes from the royal India in 1920s. Each ensemble is woven in the signature Jamdani weaving technique that takes 8-10 months to weave.  Gaurang has used various textures in Khadi like Muga, Tussar , Dupion , Silk to create these dresses. The theme being the Tree of Life. Calico is a manifestation of the Jamdani weave in an international flavour.  Moreover, I was impressed to see a pregnant Carol Gracias on the ramp. The designer has broken the taboo that expecting mothers cannot work in the modeling industry. She looked elegant and did justice to her job. More power to such initiatives.  Talking about his latest collection, Gaurang says, “Calico is iconic weaves and techniques in all their unfettered glory. Calico emphasizes the rich and vibrant history of Indian craftsmanship while championing the Indian woman of today.”  “Each ensemble from this collection is crafted from exquisite handwoven textiles in Khadi, Uppada and Kota using the Jamdani technique,” said the designer. Declared an Intangible Cultural Heritage of Humanity by UNESCO, the Jamdani is a singularly striking weave that has created an impact across the centuries. The patterns are woven with a non-structural weft resulting in vibrant patterns that dance across the fabric. I am glad that the Hyderbad based designer is using Indian weaving techniques like Jamdani and Chikankari to promote our artisans and create value for our designs.  What do you feel about this collection? Textile day at LFW Spring Summer 2016 saw Gaurang present his latest collection Calico to the fashion enthusiasts and it certainly was eye catching. Indian fabric like Jamdani was presented in western wear and international silhouettes. Vintage styles have been repeated which looks fresh from the regular fashion. The colours, the golden borders that you see in a saari were beautifully designed into evening wear gowns. Saaris were also presented in unusual drapes.  Calico is homage to the traditional textile from the 11th century. The collection is a juxtapose of traditional Jamdani weaving tailored to silhouettes from the royal India in 1920s. Each ensemble is woven in the signature Jamdani weaving technique that takes 8-10 months to weave.  Gaurang has used various textures in Khadi like Muga, Tussar , Dupion , Silk to create these dresses. The theme being the Tree of Life. Calico is a manifestation of the Jamdani weave in an international flavour.  Moreover, I was impressed to see a pregnant Carol Gracias on the ramp. The designer has broken the taboo that expecting mothers cannot work in the modeling industry. She looked elegant and did justice to her job. More power to such initiatives.  Talking about his latest collection, Gaurang says, “Calico is iconic weaves and techniques in all their unfettered glory. Calico emphasizes the rich and vibrant history of Indian craftsmanship while championing the Indian woman of today.”  “Each ensemble from this collection is crafted from exquisite handwoven textiles in Khadi, Uppada and Kota using the Jamdani technique,” said the designer. Declared an Intangible Cultural Heritage of Humanity by UNESCO, the Jamdani is a singularly striking weave that has created an impact across the centuries. The patterns are woven with a non-structural weft resulting in vibrant patterns that dance across the fabric. I am glad that the Hyderbad based designer is using Indian weaving techniques like Jamdani and Chikankari to promote our artisans and create value for our designs.  What do you feel about this collection? Holi is just a day away. Mumbaigloss spoke to senior stylist Najeeb Ur Rahman, from Schwarzkopf India to give us hair care tips Pre and post Holi celebrations. After all, who would want to mess up their beautiful mane. Here is what he had to say: PRE-HOLI PREPARATION PREPARATION WHILE PLAYING HOLI Avoid toxic colors – Once you are in the Holi battlefield there is not much that you can do to guard your lovely locks. However, what you can do is, go for organic colors and avoid playing with chemical dyes or metallic colors. They can be toxic for your hair. POST-HOLI TREATMENT Rinse comes first – Once you are back from your Holi extravaganza, do not reach out for your bottle of shampoo, immediately. First rinse your hair with plain water, profusely. This will wash away the visible dry colors. Follow through a mild shampoo and a subsequent Treatment. It is advisable to complete the process with a conditioner. In case of any colour residue, do not wash it again on the same day as it may make your tresses dry. Don’t stress over your tresses. Play a safe holi. Happy Holi! Holi is just a day away. Mumbaigloss spoke to senior stylist Najeeb Ur Rahman, from Schwarzkopf India to give us hair care tips Pre and post Holi celebrations. After all, who would want to mess up their beautiful mane. Here is what he had to say: PRE-HOLI PREPARATION PREPARATION WHILE PLAYING HOLI Avoid toxic colors – Once you are in the Holi battlefield there is not much that you can do to guard your lovely locks. However, what you can do is, go for organic colors and avoid playing with chemical dyes or metallic colors. They can be toxic for your hair. POST-HOLI TREATMENT Rinse comes first – Once you are back from your Holi extravaganza, do not reach out for your bottle of shampoo, immediately. First rinse your hair with plain water, profusely. This will wash away the visible dry colors. Follow through a mild shampoo and a subsequent Treatment. It is advisable to complete the process with a conditioner. In case of any colour residue, do not wash it again on the same day as it may make your tresses dry. Don’t stress over your tresses. Play a safe holi. Happy Holi! Holi is just a day away. Mumbaigloss spoke to senior stylist Najeeb Ur Rahman, from Schwarzkopf India to give us hair care tips Pre and post Holi celebrations. After all, who would want to mess up their beautiful mane. Here is what he had to say: PRE-HOLI PREPARATION PREPARATION WHILE PLAYING HOLI Avoid toxic colors – Once you are in the Holi battlefield there is not much that you can do to guard your lovely locks. However, what you can do is, go for organic colors and avoid playing with chemical dyes or metallic colors. They can be toxic for your hair. POST-HOLI TREATMENT Rinse comes first – Once you are back from your Holi extravaganza, do not reach out for your bottle of shampoo, immediately. First rinse your hair with plain water, profusely. This will wash away the visible dry colors. Follow through a mild shampoo and a subsequent Treatment. It is advisable to complete the process with a conditioner. In case of any colour residue, do not wash it again on the same day as it may make your tresses dry. Don’t stress over your tresses. Play a safe holi. Happy Holi! Holi is just a day away. Mumbaigloss spoke to senior stylist Najeeb Ur Rahman, from Schwarzkopf India to give us hair care tips Pre and post Holi celebrations. After all, who would want to mess up their beautiful mane. Here is what he had to say: PRE-HOLI PREPARATION PREPARATION WHILE PLAYING HOLI Avoid toxic colors – Once you are in the Holi battlefield there is not much that you can do to guard your lovely locks. However, what you can do is, go for organic colors and avoid playing with chemical dyes or metallic colors. They can be toxic for your hair. POST-HOLI TREATMENT Rinse comes first – Once you are back from your Holi extravaganza, do not reach out for your bottle of shampoo, immediately. First rinse your hair with plain water, profusely. This will wash away the visible dry colors. Follow through a mild shampoo and a subsequent Treatment. It is advisable to complete the process with a conditioner. In case of any colour residue, do not wash it again on the same day as it may make your tresses dry. Don’t stress over your tresses. Play a safe holi. Happy Holi! I have been asked many a times how my complexion glows all the time? To this, I have always answered that a good BB Cream and eyebrow definer does the trick. Of course, a beautiful lip gloss and mascara add to the over-all clean look. More about this later. I have been using Ponds White Beauty BB Cream for a while now and it has been my favorite for the past year or may be more. In fact, once I pitted it against Garnier BB Cream where Garnier miserably failed.  But recently, I discovered another gem in the market and I have been using it for a month now. It is called LOreal Paris True Match BB Cream in the shade Gold. Both the creams are mid-range. LOreal Paris True Match BB Cream 50 gm costs Rs. 500 at Amazon.in and Ponds White Beauty BB Cream 50 gm costs Rs. 297 at Amazon.in. The best part about both the creams is that they easily blend with your skin. I have a medium to fair complexion and combination skin. These two creams perfectly blend with my skin, giving me medium to natural looking coverage.  Moreover, LOreal Paris True Match BB Cream has Hyaluronic Acid that helps in reducing the appearance of fine lines and creases. Ideal for mature skin. This is what I needed post 35. Hyaluronic acid is a major component of skin, where it is involved in tissue repair. Both the creams feel hydrating and not cakey like Lakme CC Cream. Ponds White Beauty BB Cream though settles in the fine lines under the eyes over a period of time but LOreal Paris True Match BB Cream makes the skin look supple and smooth throughout the day.  LOreal Paris True Match BB Cream comes in three shades – Ivory, Honey and Gold. Ivory is for cool skin tone, Honey is for neutral skin tone and Gold is for warm skin tone. Whereas Ponds White Beauty BB Cream comes in just one shade and adapts to the skin complexion instantly. For darker skin tones, Ponds BB Cream is not an ideal choice. Coverage is better in Ponds BB Cream, but LOreal BB Cream gives a more luminescent satin finish. On a hot summer day, LOreal feels lighter on the skin than Ponds. My skin perspires under Ponds BB Cream in the summer. But nevertheless it doesn’t fade out.  Of course, there are better BB Creams in the market like MAC’s Prep + Prime BB Beauty Balm SPF 50 and Bobbi Brown BB Cream SPF 35. But then you pay a premium for these products. I feel it is not necessary to spend a bomb when you can get a good deal in the mid-range products for everyday use. But this is my personal opinion. I like to be frugal when it comes to cosmetics and use only those products where I am completely convinced irrespective of the brand.  What do you all think of this review? Do leave a comment below. I have been asked many a times how my complexion glows all the time? To this, I have always answered that a good BB Cream and eyebrow definer does the trick. Of course, a beautiful lip gloss and mascara add to the over-all clean look. More about this later. I have been using Ponds White Beauty BB Cream for a while now and it has been my favorite for the past year or may be more. In fact, once I pitted it against Garnier BB Cream where Garnier miserably failed.  But recently, I discovered another gem in the market and I have been using it for a month now. It is called LOreal Paris True Match BB Cream in the shade Gold. Both the creams are mid-range. LOreal Paris True Match BB Cream 50 gm costs Rs. 500 at Amazon.in and Ponds White Beauty BB Cream 50 gm costs Rs. 297 at Amazon.in. The best part about both the creams is that they easily blend with your skin. I have a medium to fair complexion and combination skin. These two creams perfectly blend with my skin, giving me medium to natural looking coverage.  Moreover, LOreal Paris True Match BB Cream has Hyaluronic Acid that helps in reducing the appearance of fine lines and creases. Ideal for mature skin. This is what I needed post 35. Hyaluronic acid is a major component of skin, where it is involved in tissue repair. Both the creams feel hydrating and not cakey like Lakme CC Cream. Ponds White Beauty BB Cream though settles in the fine lines under the eyes over a period of time but LOreal Paris True Match BB Cream makes the skin look supple and smooth throughout the day.  LOreal Paris True Match BB Cream comes in three shades – Ivory, Honey and Gold. Ivory is for cool skin tone, Honey is for neutral skin tone and Gold is for warm skin tone. Whereas Ponds White Beauty BB Cream comes in just one shade and adapts to the skin complexion instantly. For darker skin tones, Ponds BB Cream is not an ideal choice. Coverage is better in Ponds BB Cream, but LOreal BB Cream gives a more luminescent satin finish. On a hot summer day, LOreal feels lighter on the skin than Ponds. My skin perspires under Ponds BB Cream in the summer. But nevertheless it doesn’t fade out.  Of course, there are better BB Creams in the market like MAC’s Prep + Prime BB Beauty Balm SPF 50 and Bobbi Brown BB Cream SPF 35. But then you pay a premium for these products. I feel it is not necessary to spend a bomb when you can get a good deal in the mid-range products for everyday use. But this is my personal opinion. I like to be frugal when it comes to cosmetics and use only those products where I am completely convinced irrespective of the brand.  What do you all think of this review? Do leave a comment below. I have been asked many a times how my complexion glows all the time? To this, I have always answered that a good BB Cream and eyebrow definer does the trick. Of course, a beautiful lip gloss and mascara add to the over-all clean look. More about this later. I have been using Ponds White Beauty BB Cream for a while now and it has been my favorite for the past year or may be more. In fact, once I pitted it against Garnier BB Cream where Garnier miserably failed.  But recently, I discovered another gem in the market and I have been using it for a month now. It is called LOreal Paris True Match BB Cream in the shade Gold. Both the creams are mid-range. LOreal Paris True Match BB Cream 50 gm costs Rs. 500 at Amazon.in and Ponds White Beauty BB Cream 50 gm costs Rs. 297 at Amazon.in. The best part about both the creams is that they easily blend with your skin. I have a medium to fair complexion and combination skin. These two creams perfectly blend with my skin, giving me medium to natural looking coverage.  Moreover, LOreal Paris True Match BB Cream has Hyaluronic Acid that helps in reducing the appearance of fine lines and creases. Ideal for mature skin. This is what I needed post 35. Hyaluronic acid is a major component of skin, where it is involved in tissue repair. Both the creams feel hydrating and not cakey like Lakme CC Cream. Ponds White Beauty BB Cream though settles in the fine lines under the eyes over a period of time but LOreal Paris True Match BB Cream makes the skin look supple and smooth throughout the day.  LOreal Paris True Match BB Cream comes in three shades – Ivory, Honey and Gold. Ivory is for cool skin tone, Honey is for neutral skin tone and Gold is for warm skin tone. Whereas Ponds White Beauty BB Cream comes in just one shade and adapts to the skin complexion instantly. For darker skin tones, Ponds BB Cream is not an ideal choice. Coverage is better in Ponds BB Cream, but LOreal BB Cream gives a more luminescent satin finish. On a hot summer day, LOreal feels lighter on the skin than Ponds. My skin perspires under Ponds BB Cream in the summer. But nevertheless it doesn’t fade out.  Of course, there are better BB Creams in the market like MAC’s Prep + Prime BB Beauty Balm SPF 50 and Bobbi Brown BB Cream SPF 35. But then you pay a premium for these products. I feel it is not necessary to spend a bomb when you can get a good deal in the mid-range products for everyday use. But this is my personal opinion. I like to be frugal when it comes to cosmetics and use only those products where I am completely convinced irrespective of the brand.  What do you all think of this review? Do leave a comment below. I have been asked many a times how my complexion glows all the time? To this, I have always answered that a good BB Cream and eyebrow definer does the trick. Of course, a beautiful lip gloss and mascara add to the over-all clean look. More about this later. I have been using Ponds White Beauty BB Cream for a while now and it has been my favorite for the past year or may be more. In fact, once I pitted it against Garnier BB Cream where Garnier miserably failed.  But recently, I discovered another gem in the market and I have been using it for a month now. It is called LOreal Paris True Match BB Cream in the shade Gold. Both the creams are mid-range. LOreal Paris True Match BB Cream 50 gm costs Rs. 500 at Amazon.in and Ponds White Beauty BB Cream 50 gm costs Rs. 297 at Amazon.in. The best part about both the creams is that they easily blend with your skin. I have a medium to fair complexion and combination skin. These two creams perfectly blend with my skin, giving me medium to natural looking coverage.  Moreover, LOreal Paris True Match BB Cream has Hyaluronic Acid that helps in reducing the appearance of fine lines and creases. Ideal for mature skin. This is what I needed post 35. Hyaluronic acid is a major component of skin, where it is involved in tissue repair. Both the creams feel hydrating and not cakey like Lakme CC Cream. Ponds White Beauty BB Cream though settles in the fine lines under the eyes over a period of time but LOreal Paris True Match BB Cream makes the skin look supple and smooth throughout the day.  LOreal Paris True Match BB Cream comes in three shades – Ivory, Honey and Gold. Ivory is for cool skin tone, Honey is for neutral skin tone and Gold is for warm skin tone. Whereas Ponds White Beauty BB Cream comes in just one shade and adapts to the skin complexion instantly. For darker skin tones, Ponds BB Cream is not an ideal choice. Coverage is better in Ponds BB Cream, but LOreal BB Cream gives a more luminescent satin finish. On a hot summer day, LOreal feels lighter on the skin than Ponds. My skin perspires under Ponds BB Cream in the summer. But nevertheless it doesn’t fade out.  Of course, there are better BB Creams in the market like MAC’s Prep + Prime BB Beauty Balm SPF 50 and Bobbi Brown BB Cream SPF 35. But then you pay a premium for these products. I feel it is not necessary to spend a bomb when you can get a good deal in the mid-range products for everyday use. But this is my personal opinion. I like to be frugal when it comes to cosmetics and use only those products where I am completely convinced irrespective of the brand.  What do you all think of this review? Do leave a comment below. Platinum and diamond jewellery was a favourite among the A Listers at the Oscars 2016. Do you know why? Platinum is the ideal choice for red carpet jewelry because it holds diamonds and precious gemstones more securely than any other metal. It is not only the highest quality metal, but its density makes it one of the most durable and enduring precious metals. Platinum is also naturally white, unlike white gold, which means it will not cast any tint onto a diamond or gemstone, allowing the stone’s genuine color to sparkle brightly. From Charlize Theron’s plunging diamond pendant to Lady Gaga’s statement diamond drop earrings, the world watched as celebrities sparkled in naturally white platinum jewellery at the 88th Annual Academy Awards. In fact our own desi girl Priyanka Chopra wore a beautiful diamond and platinum earring for the occasion. Priyanka wore a Lorraine Schwartz Platinum and diamond front back earrings and finger rings to go with her angelic Zuhair Murad gown. Her simple makeup added to her overall elegant look.  Lady Gaga wore Lorraine Schwartz Platinum And diamond earrings to go with her white jumpsuit by Brandon Maxwell. Her $8 million worth of jewellery shined bright with her blonde hair colour styled in vintage waves. Charlize Theron’s deep plunging neckline in her red Dior gown was complimented by Platinum Secret Cluster necklace with diamonds by Harry Winston. It was accompanied by cluster earrings, cushion cut diamond ring with micropave, and queen ring with diamonds. No doubts, the lady sparkled her way through the event. Cate Blanchett wore Platinum earrings with marquise and round diamonds by Tiffany & Co. It looked elegant with her baby blue Armani Prive gown. Her understated hairstyle and minimal makeup let her jewellery and ensemble shine through the occasion. Jennifer Garner wore Platinum and diamond bracelets by Neil Lane along with swirl drop earrings with diamonds and emerald, emerald cut baguette diamond ring and other finger rings to go with her black sequined by Atelier Versace gown. She looked so glamorous! There were several other celebs like Kerry Washington, Reese Weatherspoon and others who rocked the platinum and diamond jewellery to go make a statement at the Oscars! Love the statement pieces? Do comment. Platinum and diamond jewellery was a favourite among the A Listers at the Oscars 2016. Do you know why? Platinum is the ideal choice for red carpet jewelry because it holds diamonds and precious gemstones more securely than any other metal. It is not only the highest quality metal, but its density makes it one of the most durable and enduring precious metals. Platinum is also naturally white, unlike white gold, which means it will not cast any tint onto a diamond or gemstone, allowing the stone’s genuine color to sparkle brightly. From Charlize Theron’s plunging diamond pendant to Lady Gaga’s statement diamond drop earrings, the world watched as celebrities sparkled in naturally white platinum jewellery at the 88th Annual Academy Awards. In fact our own desi girl Priyanka Chopra wore a beautiful diamond and platinum earring for the occasion. Priyanka wore a Lorraine Schwartz Platinum and diamond front back earrings and finger rings to go with her angelic Zuhair Murad gown. Her simple makeup added to her overall elegant look.  Lady Gaga wore Lorraine Schwartz Platinum And diamond earrings to go with her white jumpsuit by Brandon Maxwell. Her $8 million worth of jewellery shined bright with her blonde hair colour styled in vintage waves. Charlize Theron’s deep plunging neckline in her red Dior gown was complimented by Platinum Secret Cluster necklace with diamonds by Harry Winston. It was accompanied by cluster earrings, cushion cut diamond ring with micropave, and queen ring with diamonds. No doubts, the lady sparkled her way through the event. Cate Blanchett wore Platinum earrings with marquise and round diamonds by Tiffany & Co. It looked elegant with her baby blue Armani Prive gown. Her understated hairstyle and minimal makeup let her jewellery and ensemble shine through the occasion. Jennifer Garner wore Platinum and diamond bracelets by Neil Lane along with swirl drop earrings with diamonds and emerald, emerald cut baguette diamond ring and other finger rings to go with her black sequined by Atelier Versace gown. She looked so glamorous! There were several other celebs like Kerry Washington, Reese Weatherspoon and others who rocked the platinum and diamond jewellery to go make a statement at the Oscars! Love the statement pieces? Do comment. Platinum and diamond jewellery was a favourite among the A Listers at the Oscars 2016. Do you know why? Platinum is the ideal choice for red carpet jewelry because it holds diamonds and precious gemstones more securely than any other metal. It is not only the highest quality metal, but its density makes it one of the most durable and enduring precious metals. Platinum is also naturally white, unlike white gold, which means it will not cast any tint onto a diamond or gemstone, allowing the stone’s genuine color to sparkle brightly. From Charlize Theron’s plunging diamond pendant to Lady Gaga’s statement diamond drop earrings, the world watched as celebrities sparkled in naturally white platinum jewellery at the 88th Annual Academy Awards. In fact our own desi girl Priyanka Chopra wore a beautiful diamond and platinum earring for the occasion. Priyanka wore a Lorraine Schwartz Platinum and diamond front back earrings and finger rings to go with her angelic Zuhair Murad gown. Her simple makeup added to her overall elegant look.  Lady Gaga wore Lorraine Schwartz Platinum And diamond earrings to go with her white jumpsuit by Brandon Maxwell. Her $8 million worth of jewellery shined bright with her blonde hair colour styled in vintage waves. Charlize Theron’s deep plunging neckline in her red Dior gown was complimented by Platinum Secret Cluster necklace with diamonds by Harry Winston. It was accompanied by cluster earrings, cushion cut diamond ring with micropave, and queen ring with diamonds. No doubts, the lady sparkled her way through the event. Cate Blanchett wore Platinum earrings with marquise and round diamonds by Tiffany & Co. It looked elegant with her baby blue Armani Prive gown. Her understated hairstyle and minimal makeup let her jewellery and ensemble shine through the occasion. Jennifer Garner wore Platinum and diamond bracelets by Neil Lane along with swirl drop earrings with diamonds and emerald, emerald cut baguette diamond ring and other finger rings to go with her black sequined by Atelier Versace gown. She looked so glamorous! There were several other celebs like Kerry Washington, Reese Weatherspoon and others who rocked the platinum and diamond jewellery to go make a statement at the Oscars! Love the statement pieces? Do comment. Platinum and diamond jewellery was a favourite among the A Listers at the Oscars 2016. Do you know why? Platinum is the ideal choice for red carpet jewelry because it holds diamonds and precious gemstones more securely than any other metal. It is not only the highest quality metal, but its density makes it one of the most durable and enduring precious metals. Platinum is also naturally white, unlike white gold, which means it will not cast any tint onto a diamond or gemstone, allowing the stone’s genuine color to sparkle brightly. From Charlize Theron’s plunging diamond pendant to Lady Gaga’s statement diamond drop earrings, the world watched as celebrities sparkled in naturally white platinum jewellery at the 88th Annual Academy Awards. In fact our own desi girl Priyanka Chopra wore a beautiful diamond and platinum earring for the occasion. Priyanka wore a Lorraine Schwartz Platinum and diamond front back earrings and finger rings to go with her angelic Zuhair Murad gown. Her simple makeup added to her overall elegant look.  Lady Gaga wore Lorraine Schwartz Platinum And diamond earrings to go with her white jumpsuit by Brandon Maxwell. Her $8 million worth of jewellery shined bright with her blonde hair colour styled in vintage waves. Charlize Theron’s deep plunging neckline in her red Dior gown was complimented by Platinum Secret Cluster necklace with diamonds by Harry Winston. It was accompanied by cluster earrings, cushion cut diamond ring with micropave, and queen ring with diamonds. No doubts, the lady sparkled her way through the event. Cate Blanchett wore Platinum earrings with marquise and round diamonds by Tiffany & Co. It looked elegant with her baby blue Armani Prive gown. Her understated hairstyle and minimal makeup let her jewellery and ensemble shine through the occasion. Jennifer Garner wore Platinum and diamond bracelets by Neil Lane along with swirl drop earrings with diamonds and emerald, emerald cut baguette diamond ring and other finger rings to go with her black sequined by Atelier Versace gown. She looked so glamorous! There were several other celebs like Kerry Washington, Reese Weatherspoon and others who rocked the platinum and diamond jewellery to go make a statement at the Oscars! Love the statement pieces? Do comment. Maybelline New York NUDE eye-shadow palette is a versatile makeup box with many uses. Yes, you heard it right. It is not just an eye-shadow palette which will be resting on your table for long as it can be used in several different ways to enhance your looks. Mumbaigloss decided to list a couple of beauty uses from this palette so that you can utilize it to the fullest. It is available at Rs. 719 at Purpelle.com but is worth every penny.  
 Eyebrow filler and definer You can use the extreme right lower line dark eye-shadow shade to fill and define your eyebrows. I can assure you that with gentle strokes it creates the same effect as any good eyebrow definer. Why spend extra when you have this shade readily available in the palette. Take a tooth brush to settle your eyebrow hair and you are ready to rock most beautiful and bold eyebrows.  Highlighter The white on extreme top left and the third shade from left in the same line are some good shades if you wish to highlight under your brows, your cupid’s bow on your lips and inner corner of the eyes. The powdery finish gives a subtle sheen to the highlighted areas and does an excellent job like any other good quality highlighter. The sparkly champagne white, second from extreme right in the lower row can be used to highlight the cheeks, nose bridge and forehead when going for a glamorous evening look. Brown and black smokey eye This palette has shades matte shades of brown, black and taupe which gives you the flexibility to experiment and create both brown and black smokey eye looks. For day and office wear, brown smokey eye looks much better. For night time and parties, black smokey eye does the trick. So, you don’t need a different eye-shadow palette to create two different looks. Sparkle and shine with metallic hues The golden and bronze shades in the palette will help you create glamorous looks. You can fuse these metallic shades to create some brilliant day and night time looks. Party is on ladies with these versatile shades! Contour Use the extreme second left brown in the lower line to create contours on your face. Define nose, create chiseled cheek bones, elongate your face by blending this shade with your foundation. It is super easy to blend and creates a decent contouring effect. Now there you go! I love to spend on products which can be used many ways. How about you? *this post is not sponsored in any way. I bought this eye-shadow palette and created the list of uses with my own experience. Maybelline New York NUDE eye-shadow palette is a versatile makeup box with many uses. Yes, you heard it right. It is not just an eye-shadow palette which will be resting on your table for long as it can be used in several different ways to enhance your looks. Mumbaigloss decided to list a couple of beauty uses from this palette so that you can utilize it to the fullest. It is available at Rs. 719 at Purpelle.com but is worth every penny.  
 Eyebrow filler and definer You can use the extreme right lower line dark eye-shadow shade to fill and define your eyebrows. I can assure you that with gentle strokes it creates the same effect as any good eyebrow definer. Why spend extra when you have this shade readily available in the palette. Take a tooth brush to settle your eyebrow hair and you are ready to rock most beautiful and bold eyebrows.  Highlighter The white on extreme top left and the third shade from left in the same line are some good shades if you wish to highlight under your brows, your cupid’s bow on your lips and inner corner of the eyes. The powdery finish gives a subtle sheen to the highlighted areas and does an excellent job like any other good quality highlighter. The sparkly champagne white, second from extreme right in the lower row can be used to highlight the cheeks, nose bridge and forehead when going for a glamorous evening look. Brown and black smokey eye This palette has shades matte shades of brown, black and taupe which gives you the flexibility to experiment and create both brown and black smokey eye looks. For day and office wear, brown smokey eye looks much better. For night time and parties, black smokey eye does the trick. So, you don’t need a different eye-shadow palette to create two different looks. Sparkle and shine with metallic hues The golden and bronze shades in the palette will help you create glamorous looks. You can fuse these metallic shades to create some brilliant day and night time looks. Party is on ladies with these versatile shades! Contour Use the extreme second left brown in the lower line to create contours on your face. Define nose, create chiseled cheek bones, elongate your face by blending this shade with your foundation. It is super easy to blend and creates a decent contouring effect. Now there you go! I love to spend on products which can be used many ways. How about you? *this post is not sponsored in any way. I bought this eye-shadow palette and created the list of uses with my own experience. Maybelline New York NUDE eye-shadow palette is a versatile makeup box with many uses. Yes, you heard it right. It is not just an eye-shadow palette which will be resting on your table for long as it can be used in several different ways to enhance your looks. Mumbaigloss decided to list a couple of beauty uses from this palette so that you can utilize it to the fullest. It is available at Rs. 719 at Purpelle.com but is worth every penny.  
 Eyebrow filler and definer You can use the extreme right lower line dark eye-shadow shade to fill and define your eyebrows. I can assure you that with gentle strokes it creates the same effect as any good eyebrow definer. Why spend extra when you have this shade readily available in the palette. Take a tooth brush to settle your eyebrow hair and you are ready to rock most beautiful and bold eyebrows.  Highlighter The white on extreme top left and the third shade from left in the same line are some good shades if you wish to highlight under your brows, your cupid’s bow on your lips and inner corner of the eyes. The powdery finish gives a subtle sheen to the highlighted areas and does an excellent job like any other good quality highlighter. The sparkly champagne white, second from extreme right in the lower row can be used to highlight the cheeks, nose bridge and forehead when going for a glamorous evening look. Brown and black smokey eye This palette has shades matte shades of brown, black and taupe which gives you the flexibility to experiment and create both brown and black smokey eye looks. For day and office wear, brown smokey eye looks much better. For night time and parties, black smokey eye does the trick. So, you don’t need a different eye-shadow palette to create two different looks. Sparkle and shine with metallic hues The golden and bronze shades in the palette will help you create glamorous looks. You can fuse these metallic shades to create some brilliant day and night time looks. Party is on ladies with these versatile shades! Contour Use the extreme second left brown in the lower line to create contours on your face. Define nose, create chiseled cheek bones, elongate your face by blending this shade with your foundation. It is super easy to blend and creates a decent contouring effect. Now there you go! I love to spend on products which can be used many ways. How about you? *this post is not sponsored in any way. I bought this eye-shadow palette and created the list of uses with my own experience. Maybelline New York NUDE eye-shadow palette is a versatile makeup box with many uses. Yes, you heard it right. It is not just an eye-shadow palette which will be resting on your table for long as it can be used in several different ways to enhance your looks. Mumbaigloss decided to list a couple of beauty uses from this palette so that you can utilize it to the fullest. It is available at Rs. 719 at Purpelle.com but is worth every penny.  
 Eyebrow filler and definer You can use the extreme right lower line dark eye-shadow shade to fill and define your eyebrows. I can assure you that with gentle strokes it creates the same effect as any good eyebrow definer. Why spend extra when you have this shade readily available in the palette. Take a tooth brush to settle your eyebrow hair and you are ready to rock most beautiful and bold eyebrows.  Highlighter The white on extreme top left and the third shade from left in the same line are some good shades if you wish to highlight under your brows, your cupid’s bow on your lips and inner corner of the eyes. The powdery finish gives a subtle sheen to the highlighted areas and does an excellent job like any other good quality highlighter. The sparkly champagne white, second from extreme right in the lower row can be used to highlight the cheeks, nose bridge and forehead when going for a glamorous evening look. Brown and black smokey eye This palette has shades matte shades of brown, black and taupe which gives you the flexibility to experiment and create both brown and black smokey eye looks. For day and office wear, brown smokey eye looks much better. For night time and parties, black smokey eye does the trick. So, you don’t need a different eye-shadow palette to create two different looks. Sparkle and shine with metallic hues The golden and bronze shades in the palette will help you create glamorous looks. You can fuse these metallic shades to create some brilliant day and night time looks. Party is on ladies with these versatile shades! Contour Use the extreme second left brown in the lower line to create contours on your face. Define nose, create chiseled cheek bones, elongate your face by blending this shade with your foundation. It is super easy to blend and creates a decent contouring effect. Now there you go! I love to spend on products which can be used many ways. How about you? *this post is not sponsored in any way. I bought this eye-shadow palette and created the list of uses with my own experience. Do we have a Laith Ashley in India? – A transgender model who will enchant you with his hot body and looks to die for. Check his Instagram account here. He was born a girl. The most hyped Caitlyn Jenner aka Bruce Jenner transformation has already taken the year 2015 by storm. Carmen Carrera was voted to walk with the Victoria’s Secret Angels last year as the first transgender angel in the fashion show. Not many know that she was born as Christopher Roman. But are we ready for transgender models and professionals in India yet? Every morning I cross a junction where a transgender woman (Hijra) asks for money from the commuters waiting at the traffic signal. She used to ask me money in the beginning and I used to give her a very rude look. I somehow feel that by giving alms to the beggars we are encouraging an unhealthy environment. Crimes related to children and women are rooted into begging. I would rather buy a packet of agarbatti or a balloon from the not so fortunate but never encourage begging by giving money. Many a times, I offer food to the beggars. Two vada pavs may cost Rs. 20 but it fills up a hungry stomach. I am more than ready to do that. But I have seen beggars refusing to take food and instead ask for money. I feel pretty unhappy with this behavior. So I avoid to entertain beggars at all cost. Coming back to this transgender woman, who I am very sure, knows me by face now and every time I see her coming towards my car, either I look away or make a nasty face so that she doesn’t ask money from me. Worst is when she starts banging hard on the car’s glass window as if threatening ‘either you give money or I will break the window’. Over a period of time, she has stopped coming to my car. I feel relieved. But then the question arises, why a healthy human being like her is forced to beg. Yes, we are humans first and a gender later. She wears some great sarees, applies bindi and lipstick then why doesn’t she earn money by doing some business or a job? This is a valid question and might absolutely support my stance. But when I did some reality check, I realized that may be that transgender woman has no other option but to beg. India recognized the third gender in 2014. In many official forms you will find the mention of a third segment below Male and Female. But has the transgender community come at par with the others after this ‘on paper’ recognition? May be not. I was reading about an incident where a transgender woman wanted to start a tea stall and run her own business. No one knows if she was able to fulfill her dreams. First of all in India, we still look down upon transgender people. Not many will be ready to consume food or tea prepared by a transgender woman due to several reasons including religion. And in case, she is able to run a business, she will be subjected to a lot of humiliation, harassment and bullying. May be she will be violated and abused physically and mentally, for trying to lead a normal life, like every one of us. In India, the minute a family realizes that a child is born with intersexual characteristics or over a period of time they realize that the child has transsexual bent, they quietly hand over the child to the hijra community. This is specifically true for the rural and small town low income families as they believe that they will not be able to support or protect the little one with special tendencies. How unfortunate is the child who is given away to an unknown group where he/she is raised without proper education, nutrition and safe environment. Transsexual people are never allowed to be a part of the main stream. They are never offered an opportunity to get formal education or to get regular jobs. Often they are subjected to violence, discrimination, sexual assault and forced to either beg or to take up prostitution. Most of them contract AIDS or other deadly diseases which leads to their untimely and painful death. So in this light of ambiguous identity of the transgender people in our society, are we ready to feature a transgender model for our popular brands alongside Khans and Kareenas? I remember two incidences from my growing up years that show how insensitive we are in terms of transgender community, their needs and their rights. And this insensitivity is engraved in our childhood. An effeminate boy in my class was always harassed by a group of the so called manly boys. He was beaten up so badly once in high school where they tore his shirt, blew dust on his face and hair, and he had cuts and bruises all over his face. He cried a lot. He was traumatized, physically and emotionally. He didn’t know why he was subjected to this harsh treatment. He couldn’t understand why other boys pounced on him just because he was a little different than them. Apparently, the boyish boys were trying to fix him up as they deemed his condition to be abnormal. These were school boys who were conditioned by our society to look down upon people who did not fall into the normal category. They were conditioned to behave in a certain manner and made to believe that anybody who belonged to their gender and behaved abnormally should be outcasted, beaten and bullied. Boys like these, carry this idea of discrimination throughout their adulthood and are never able to accept or respect the third gender. Another incidence is when I was in my early twenties and a boy used to come to office with full make-up on. Yes, he loved his mascara, lipsticks, nail polish, kajal and everything feminine. He used to dress up like men but could never let go off the makeup. People used to think he is weird, including me. He was a pretty boy who didn’t have many friends. I had seen him cry a few times alone in the cafeteria. People used to laugh at him and the managers used to talk to him harshly. He was made to feel unwanted on many instances. One day, he decided to wear a skirt and use the women’s toilet. That was the breaking point. He was relieved from his service immediately. He was educated, belonged to a decent family but his fault was that he felt like a woman trapped in a male body. I know, we Indians are not sensitized to deal with such incidents in our home and work environment. But that day I felt that it was unnecessary, it was unfair and unjustified to sack him from work. May be the office could have been more sensitive towards his condition and helped him understand the consequences before firing him. I don’t know where he is today. May be he would have made a great transgender model! Rudrani Chettri, a transgender activist from Delhi and the head of the MITR Trust, is launching India’s first Transgender Model Agency – run by transgender people, for transgender people – and they need our help to make this a reality. MITR attempts to give an opportunity to beautiful, talented and young TGs to get respectable, mainstream work and showcase their talent. To realize this dream, Chettri has taken an unconventional route of crowd funding through BitGiving to fund her project. Chettri has been working for more than 10 years in spreading awareness and fighting to improve TG’s lives in India. Her trust helps over 1500 TG in Delhi alone. They have also teamed up with eminent fashion stylist and photographer, Rishi Raj who will work towards getting a spread in a leading fashion magazine. In addition, the trust has been working with an Indian-British team of filmmakers for the last one year. They have been closely documenting their lives and struggles, with the hope that it will connect the long isolated hijra community with the national and international audience. Their aim is to identify 5 top models, who we will work towards getting a spread in a leading fashion magazine – in an attempt to launch them to mainstream society. They will also have photos done by a top fashion photographer. These will be turned into printed postcards which will contain information about the TG community in India and the crises that they face on every day basis. They hope to sell these postcards far and wide. We can also contribute and make way for these game-changers. Their crowd funding campaign aims to reach out to everyone, with the hope that they can bring the change and successfully set up India’s first TG modelling agency.
Log onto https://www.bitgiving.com/tgmodels (Get details here and donate generously) Now you must be wondering why modeling? Fashion industry in India is more open to transgender people working with them than any other industry till now. Be it stylists, fashion assistants, or makeup artists, you will find many TG professionals working in this industry without any bias. Now, the TG community is looking for a face which can represent them in the fashion industry nationally and internationally. Of course, they mean serious business. They aren’t looking for cross dressed characters from the comedy shows but beautiful transgender people who can give international transgender super model Peche Di run for her money. I am sure Indian LGBT community has a lot to offer in terms of manpower in various industry segments. When we can have Manabi Banerjee as the first transgender college principal then why not explore other areas of work life. This initiative is a small step to get the transgender people back to the mainstream work environment. Let us support this cause! Do we have a Laith Ashley in India? – A transgender model who will enchant you with his hot body and looks to die for. Check his Instagram account here. He was born a girl. The most hyped Caitlyn Jenner aka Bruce Jenner transformation has already taken the year 2015 by storm. Carmen Carrera was voted to walk with the Victoria’s Secret Angels last year as the first transgender angel in the fashion show. Not many know that she was born as Christopher Roman. But are we ready for transgender models and professionals in India yet? Every morning I cross a junction where a transgender woman (Hijra) asks for money from the commuters waiting at the traffic signal. She used to ask me money in the beginning and I used to give her a very rude look. I somehow feel that by giving alms to the beggars we are encouraging an unhealthy environment. Crimes related to children and women are rooted into begging. I would rather buy a packet of agarbatti or a balloon from the not so fortunate but never encourage begging by giving money. Many a times, I offer food to the beggars. Two vada pavs may cost Rs. 20 but it fills up a hungry stomach. I am more than ready to do that. But I have seen beggars refusing to take food and instead ask for money. I feel pretty unhappy with this behavior. So I avoid to entertain beggars at all cost. Coming back to this transgender woman, who I am very sure, knows me by face now and every time I see her coming towards my car, either I look away or make a nasty face so that she doesn’t ask money from me. Worst is when she starts banging hard on the car’s glass window as if threatening ‘either you give money or I will break the window’. Over a period of time, she has stopped coming to my car. I feel relieved. But then the question arises, why a healthy human being like her is forced to beg. Yes, we are humans first and a gender later. She wears some great sarees, applies bindi and lipstick then why doesn’t she earn money by doing some business or a job? This is a valid question and might absolutely support my stance. But when I did some reality check, I realized that may be that transgender woman has no other option but to beg. India recognized the third gender in 2014. In many official forms you will find the mention of a third segment below Male and Female. But has the transgender community come at par with the others after this ‘on paper’ recognition? May be not. I was reading about an incident where a transgender woman wanted to start a tea stall and run her own business. No one knows if she was able to fulfill her dreams. First of all in India, we still look down upon transgender people. Not many will be ready to consume food or tea prepared by a transgender woman due to several reasons including religion. And in case, she is able to run a business, she will be subjected to a lot of humiliation, harassment and bullying. May be she will be violated and abused physically and mentally, for trying to lead a normal life, like every one of us. In India, the minute a family realizes that a child is born with intersexual characteristics or over a period of time they realize that the child has transsexual bent, they quietly hand over the child to the hijra community. This is specifically true for the rural and small town low income families as they believe that they will not be able to support or protect the little one with special tendencies. How unfortunate is the child who is given away to an unknown group where he/she is raised without proper education, nutrition and safe environment. Transsexual people are never allowed to be a part of the main stream. They are never offered an opportunity to get formal education or to get regular jobs. Often they are subjected to violence, discrimination, sexual assault and forced to either beg or to take up prostitution. Most of them contract AIDS or other deadly diseases which leads to their untimely and painful death. So in this light of ambiguous identity of the transgender people in our society, are we ready to feature a transgender model for our popular brands alongside Khans and Kareenas? I remember two incidences from my growing up years that show how insensitive we are in terms of transgender community, their needs and their rights. And this insensitivity is engraved in our childhood. An effeminate boy in my class was always harassed by a group of the so called manly boys. He was beaten up so badly once in high school where they tore his shirt, blew dust on his face and hair, and he had cuts and bruises all over his face. He cried a lot. He was traumatized, physically and emotionally. He didn’t know why he was subjected to this harsh treatment. He couldn’t understand why other boys pounced on him just because he was a little different than them. Apparently, the boyish boys were trying to fix him up as they deemed his condition to be abnormal. These were school boys who were conditioned by our society to look down upon people who did not fall into the normal category. They were conditioned to behave in a certain manner and made to believe that anybody who belonged to their gender and behaved abnormally should be outcasted, beaten and bullied. Boys like these, carry this idea of discrimination throughout their adulthood and are never able to accept or respect the third gender. Another incidence is when I was in my early twenties and a boy used to come to office with full make-up on. Yes, he loved his mascara, lipsticks, nail polish, kajal and everything feminine. He used to dress up like men but could never let go off the makeup. People used to think he is weird, including me. He was a pretty boy who didn’t have many friends. I had seen him cry a few times alone in the cafeteria. People used to laugh at him and the managers used to talk to him harshly. He was made to feel unwanted on many instances. One day, he decided to wear a skirt and use the women’s toilet. That was the breaking point. He was relieved from his service immediately. He was educated, belonged to a decent family but his fault was that he felt like a woman trapped in a male body. I know, we Indians are not sensitized to deal with such incidents in our home and work environment. But that day I felt that it was unnecessary, it was unfair and unjustified to sack him from work. May be the office could have been more sensitive towards his condition and helped him understand the consequences before firing him. I don’t know where he is today. May be he would have made a great transgender model! Rudrani Chettri, a transgender activist from Delhi and the head of the MITR Trust, is launching India’s first Transgender Model Agency – run by transgender people, for transgender people – and they need our help to make this a reality. MITR attempts to give an opportunity to beautiful, talented and young TGs to get respectable, mainstream work and showcase their talent. To realize this dream, Chettri has taken an unconventional route of crowd funding through BitGiving to fund her project. Chettri has been working for more than 10 years in spreading awareness and fighting to improve TG’s lives in India. Her trust helps over 1500 TG in Delhi alone. They have also teamed up with eminent fashion stylist and photographer, Rishi Raj who will work towards getting a spread in a leading fashion magazine. In addition, the trust has been working with an Indian-British team of filmmakers for the last one year. They have been closely documenting their lives and struggles, with the hope that it will connect the long isolated hijra community with the national and international audience. Their aim is to identify 5 top models, who we will work towards getting a spread in a leading fashion magazine – in an attempt to launch them to mainstream society. They will also have photos done by a top fashion photographer. These will be turned into printed postcards which will contain information about the TG community in India and the crises that they face on every day basis. They hope to sell these postcards far and wide. We can also contribute and make way for these game-changers. Their crowd funding campaign aims to reach out to everyone, with the hope that they can bring the change and successfully set up India’s first TG modelling agency.
Log onto https://www.bitgiving.com/tgmodels (Get details here and donate generously) Now you must be wondering why modeling? Fashion industry in India is more open to transgender people working with them than any other industry till now. Be it stylists, fashion assistants, or makeup artists, you will find many TG professionals working in this industry without any bias. Now, the TG community is looking for a face which can represent them in the fashion industry nationally and internationally. Of course, they mean serious business. They aren’t looking for cross dressed characters from the comedy shows but beautiful transgender people who can give international transgender super model Peche Di run for her money. I am sure Indian LGBT community has a lot to offer in terms of manpower in various industry segments. When we can have Manabi Banerjee as the first transgender college principal then why not explore other areas of work life. This initiative is a small step to get the transgender people back to the mainstream work environment. Let us support this cause! Do we have a Laith Ashley in India? – A transgender model who will enchant you with his hot body and looks to die for. Check his Instagram account here. He was born a girl. The most hyped Caitlyn Jenner aka Bruce Jenner transformation has already taken the year 2015 by storm. Carmen Carrera was voted to walk with the Victoria’s Secret Angels last year as the first transgender angel in the fashion show. Not many know that she was born as Christopher Roman. But are we ready for transgender models and professionals in India yet? Every morning I cross a junction where a transgender woman (Hijra) asks for money from the commuters waiting at the traffic signal. She used to ask me money in the beginning and I used to give her a very rude look. I somehow feel that by giving alms to the beggars we are encouraging an unhealthy environment. Crimes related to children and women are rooted into begging. I would rather buy a packet of agarbatti or a balloon from the not so fortunate but never encourage begging by giving money. Many a times, I offer food to the beggars. Two vada pavs may cost Rs. 20 but it fills up a hungry stomach. I am more than ready to do that. But I have seen beggars refusing to take food and instead ask for money. I feel pretty unhappy with this behavior. So I avoid to entertain beggars at all cost. Coming back to this transgender woman, who I am very sure, knows me by face now and every time I see her coming towards my car, either I look away or make a nasty face so that she doesn’t ask money from me. Worst is when she starts banging hard on the car’s glass window as if threatening ‘either you give money or I will break the window’. Over a period of time, she has stopped coming to my car. I feel relieved. But then the question arises, why a healthy human being like her is forced to beg. Yes, we are humans first and a gender later. She wears some great sarees, applies bindi and lipstick then why doesn’t she earn money by doing some business or a job? This is a valid question and might absolutely support my stance. But when I did some reality check, I realized that may be that transgender woman has no other option but to beg. India recognized the third gender in 2014. In many official forms you will find the mention of a third segment below Male and Female. But has the transgender community come at par with the others after this ‘on paper’ recognition? May be not. I was reading about an incident where a transgender woman wanted to start a tea stall and run her own business. No one knows if she was able to fulfill her dreams. First of all in India, we still look down upon transgender people. Not many will be ready to consume food or tea prepared by a transgender woman due to several reasons including religion. And in case, she is able to run a business, she will be subjected to a lot of humiliation, harassment and bullying. May be she will be violated and abused physically and mentally, for trying to lead a normal life, like every one of us. In India, the minute a family realizes that a child is born with intersexual characteristics or over a period of time they realize that the child has transsexual bent, they quietly hand over the child to the hijra community. This is specifically true for the rural and small town low income families as they believe that they will not be able to support or protect the little one with special tendencies. How unfortunate is the child who is given away to an unknown group where he/she is raised without proper education, nutrition and safe environment. Transsexual people are never allowed to be a part of the main stream. They are never offered an opportunity to get formal education or to get regular jobs. Often they are subjected to violence, discrimination, sexual assault and forced to either beg or to take up prostitution. Most of them contract AIDS or other deadly diseases which leads to their untimely and painful death. So in this light of ambiguous identity of the transgender people in our society, are we ready to feature a transgender model for our popular brands alongside Khans and Kareenas? I remember two incidences from my growing up years that show how insensitive we are in terms of transgender community, their needs and their rights. And this insensitivity is engraved in our childhood. An effeminate boy in my class was always harassed by a group of the so called manly boys. He was beaten up so badly once in high school where they tore his shirt, blew dust on his face and hair, and he had cuts and bruises all over his face. He cried a lot. He was traumatized, physically and emotionally. He didn’t know why he was subjected to this harsh treatment. He couldn’t understand why other boys pounced on him just because he was a little different than them. Apparently, the boyish boys were trying to fix him up as they deemed his condition to be abnormal. These were school boys who were conditioned by our society to look down upon people who did not fall into the normal category. They were conditioned to behave in a certain manner and made to believe that anybody who belonged to their gender and behaved abnormally should be outcasted, beaten and bullied. Boys like these, carry this idea of discrimination throughout their adulthood and are never able to accept or respect the third gender. Another incidence is when I was in my early twenties and a boy used to come to office with full make-up on. Yes, he loved his mascara, lipsticks, nail polish, kajal and everything feminine. He used to dress up like men but could never let go off the makeup. People used to think he is weird, including me. He was a pretty boy who didn’t have many friends. I had seen him cry a few times alone in the cafeteria. People used to laugh at him and the managers used to talk to him harshly. He was made to feel unwanted on many instances. One day, he decided to wear a skirt and use the women’s toilet. That was the breaking point. He was relieved from his service immediately. He was educated, belonged to a decent family but his fault was that he felt like a woman trapped in a male body. I know, we Indians are not sensitized to deal with such incidents in our home and work environment. But that day I felt that it was unnecessary, it was unfair and unjustified to sack him from work. May be the office could have been more sensitive towards his condition and helped him understand the consequences before firing him. I don’t know where he is today. May be he would have made a great transgender model! Rudrani Chettri, a transgender activist from Delhi and the head of the MITR Trust, is launching India’s first Transgender Model Agency – run by transgender people, for transgender people – and they need our help to make this a reality. MITR attempts to give an opportunity to beautiful, talented and young TGs to get respectable, mainstream work and showcase their talent. To realize this dream, Chettri has taken an unconventional route of crowd funding through BitGiving to fund her project. Chettri has been working for more than 10 years in spreading awareness and fighting to improve TG’s lives in India. Her trust helps over 1500 TG in Delhi alone. They have also teamed up with eminent fashion stylist and photographer, Rishi Raj who will work towards getting a spread in a leading fashion magazine. In addition, the trust has been working with an Indian-British team of filmmakers for the last one year. They have been closely documenting their lives and struggles, with the hope that it will connect the long isolated hijra community with the national and international audience. Their aim is to identify 5 top models, who we will work towards getting a spread in a leading fashion magazine – in an attempt to launch them to mainstream society. They will also have photos done by a top fashion photographer. These will be turned into printed postcards which will contain information about the TG community in India and the crises that they face on every day basis. They hope to sell these postcards far and wide. We can also contribute and make way for these game-changers. Their crowd funding campaign aims to reach out to everyone, with the hope that they can bring the change and successfully set up India’s first TG modelling agency.
Log onto https://www.bitgiving.com/tgmodels (Get details here and donate generously) Now you must be wondering why modeling? Fashion industry in India is more open to transgender people working with them than any other industry till now. Be it stylists, fashion assistants, or makeup artists, you will find many TG professionals working in this industry without any bias. Now, the TG community is looking for a face which can represent them in the fashion industry nationally and internationally. Of course, they mean serious business. They aren’t looking for cross dressed characters from the comedy shows but beautiful transgender people who can give international transgender super model Peche Di run for her money. I am sure Indian LGBT community has a lot to offer in terms of manpower in various industry segments. When we can have Manabi Banerjee as the first transgender college principal then why not explore other areas of work life. This initiative is a small step to get the transgender people back to the mainstream work environment. Let us support this cause! Do we have a Laith Ashley in India? – A transgender model who will enchant you with his hot body and looks to die for. Check his Instagram account here. He was born a girl. The most hyped Caitlyn Jenner aka Bruce Jenner transformation has already taken the year 2015 by storm. Carmen Carrera was voted to walk with the Victoria’s Secret Angels last year as the first transgender angel in the fashion show. Not many know that she was born as Christopher Roman. But are we ready for transgender models and professionals in India yet? Every morning I cross a junction where a transgender woman (Hijra) asks for money from the commuters waiting at the traffic signal. She used to ask me money in the beginning and I used to give her a very rude look. I somehow feel that by giving alms to the beggars we are encouraging an unhealthy environment. Crimes related to children and women are rooted into begging. I would rather buy a packet of agarbatti or a balloon from the not so fortunate but never encourage begging by giving money. Many a times, I offer food to the beggars. Two vada pavs may cost Rs. 20 but it fills up a hungry stomach. I am more than ready to do that. But I have seen beggars refusing to take food and instead ask for money. I feel pretty unhappy with this behavior. So I avoid to entertain beggars at all cost. Coming back to this transgender woman, who I am very sure, knows me by face now and every time I see her coming towards my car, either I look away or make a nasty face so that she doesn’t ask money from me. Worst is when she starts banging hard on the car’s glass window as if threatening ‘either you give money or I will break the window’. Over a period of time, she has stopped coming to my car. I feel relieved. But then the question arises, why a healthy human being like her is forced to beg. Yes, we are humans first and a gender later. She wears some great sarees, applies bindi and lipstick then why doesn’t she earn money by doing some business or a job? This is a valid question and might absolutely support my stance. But when I did some reality check, I realized that may be that transgender woman has no other option but to beg. India recognized the third gender in 2014. In many official forms you will find the mention of a third segment below Male and Female. But has the transgender community come at par with the others after this ‘on paper’ recognition? May be not. I was reading about an incident where a transgender woman wanted to start a tea stall and run her own business. No one knows if she was able to fulfill her dreams. First of all in India, we still look down upon transgender people. Not many will be ready to consume food or tea prepared by a transgender woman due to several reasons including religion. And in case, she is able to run a business, she will be subjected to a lot of humiliation, harassment and bullying. May be she will be violated and abused physically and mentally, for trying to lead a normal life, like every one of us. In India, the minute a family realizes that a child is born with intersexual characteristics or over a period of time they realize that the child has transsexual bent, they quietly hand over the child to the hijra community. This is specifically true for the rural and small town low income families as they believe that they will not be able to support or protect the little one with special tendencies. How unfortunate is the child who is given away to an unknown group where he/she is raised without proper education, nutrition and safe environment. Transsexual people are never allowed to be a part of the main stream. They are never offered an opportunity to get formal education or to get regular jobs. Often they are subjected to violence, discrimination, sexual assault and forced to either beg or to take up prostitution. Most of them contract AIDS or other deadly diseases which leads to their untimely and painful death. So in this light of ambiguous identity of the transgender people in our society, are we ready to feature a transgender model for our popular brands alongside Khans and Kareenas? I remember two incidences from my growing up years that show how insensitive we are in terms of transgender community, their needs and their rights. And this insensitivity is engraved in our childhood. An effeminate boy in my class was always harassed by a group of the so called manly boys. He was beaten up so badly once in high school where they tore his shirt, blew dust on his face and hair, and he had cuts and bruises all over his face. He cried a lot. He was traumatized, physically and emotionally. He didn’t know why he was subjected to this harsh treatment. He couldn’t understand why other boys pounced on him just because he was a little different than them. Apparently, the boyish boys were trying to fix him up as they deemed his condition to be abnormal. These were school boys who were conditioned by our society to look down upon people who did not fall into the normal category. They were conditioned to behave in a certain manner and made to believe that anybody who belonged to their gender and behaved abnormally should be outcasted, beaten and bullied. Boys like these, carry this idea of discrimination throughout their adulthood and are never able to accept or respect the third gender. Another incidence is when I was in my early twenties and a boy used to come to office with full make-up on. Yes, he loved his mascara, lipsticks, nail polish, kajal and everything feminine. He used to dress up like men but could never let go off the makeup. People used to think he is weird, including me. He was a pretty boy who didn’t have many friends. I had seen him cry a few times alone in the cafeteria. People used to laugh at him and the managers used to talk to him harshly. He was made to feel unwanted on many instances. One day, he decided to wear a skirt and use the women’s toilet. That was the breaking point. He was relieved from his service immediately. He was educated, belonged to a decent family but his fault was that he felt like a woman trapped in a male body. I know, we Indians are not sensitized to deal with such incidents in our home and work environment. But that day I felt that it was unnecessary, it was unfair and unjustified to sack him from work. May be the office could have been more sensitive towards his condition and helped him understand the consequences before firing him. I don’t know where he is today. May be he would have made a great transgender model! Rudrani Chettri, a transgender activist from Delhi and the head of the MITR Trust, is launching India’s first Transgender Model Agency – run by transgender people, for transgender people – and they need our help to make this a reality. MITR attempts to give an opportunity to beautiful, talented and young TGs to get respectable, mainstream work and showcase their talent. To realize this dream, Chettri has taken an unconventional route of crowd funding through BitGiving to fund her project. Chettri has been working for more than 10 years in spreading awareness and fighting to improve TG’s lives in India. Her trust helps over 1500 TG in Delhi alone. They have also teamed up with eminent fashion stylist and photographer, Rishi Raj who will work towards getting a spread in a leading fashion magazine. In addition, the trust has been working with an Indian-British team of filmmakers for the last one year. They have been closely documenting their lives and struggles, with the hope that it will connect the long isolated hijra community with the national and international audience. Their aim is to identify 5 top models, who we will work towards getting a spread in a leading fashion magazine – in an attempt to launch them to mainstream society. They will also have photos done by a top fashion photographer. These will be turned into printed postcards which will contain information about the TG community in India and the crises that they face on every day basis. They hope to sell these postcards far and wide. We can also contribute and make way for these game-changers. Their crowd funding campaign aims to reach out to everyone, with the hope that they can bring the change and successfully set up India’s first TG modelling agency.
Log onto https://www.bitgiving.com/tgmodels (Get details here and donate generously) Now you must be wondering why modeling? Fashion industry in India is more open to transgender people working with them than any other industry till now. Be it stylists, fashion assistants, or makeup artists, you will find many TG professionals working in this industry without any bias. Now, the TG community is looking for a face which can represent them in the fashion industry nationally and internationally. Of course, they mean serious business. They aren’t looking for cross dressed characters from the comedy shows but beautiful transgender people who can give international transgender super model Peche Di run for her money. I am sure Indian LGBT community has a lot to offer in terms of manpower in various industry segments. When we can have Manabi Banerjee as the first transgender college principal then why not explore other areas of work life. This initiative is a small step to get the transgender people back to the mainstream work environment. Let us support this cause! A fun post which includes my day-today looks with non-maternity clothes. This time I evaded maternity clothes completely and the results were better than my previous pregnancy. In all these images, I look pregnant. Before you guys ask, let me break it to you. Yes, I am pregnant. And that needs every day adjustments in many areas including how I dress. I am in my comfortable late 30’s and trust me fashion is the last thing on my mind when it comes to pregnancy. All, I want to look is happy and stylish. So, with my current stock of clothes, I did manage to create looks which were practical as well as looked good on my frame. And these looks are from my recent Euro trip and the so called winters in Mumbai. Thankfully, Mumbai winters allow dusters and cover ups on certain days.  Apart from anarkali and tights, there are several other clothes from your regular-wear that you can easily continue wearing right up to your 9th month, without opting for the maternity wear like maxi dresses, skirts below the belly with oversized tees and denim shirts as a cover up. You can get as creative as you want with your current wardrobe. Moreover, the kind of maternity wear available in India makes me cringe at the every sight. I think the only piece of clothing that is required from the maternity wear (that I would recommend) during pregnancy is maternity denim pants with a big belly band. Anyway, this is just my opinion and in no way am I endorsing non-maternity clothes over maternity clothes. What is important is that one should be comfortable wearing what they want to wear.  I wore my winter coat from the regular wear, without any hiccups. I buttoned only the top buttons and left the jacket unbuttoned below my bust area. I used layers of clothes on my belly area to create a warm cover. Thermal, long t-shirts, sweat shirt, bella band and thin layers of clothing were used to create a warm cover which protected my belly area from cold.  I usually wore platform shoes or flat knee length boots to give my growing body some balance. But when it came to a lot of walking, I opted for my walking shoes. Bright walking shoes look great with a sporty look. Tights, sweat shirts or long t-shirts with a duster/jacket can easily become your comfort wear.  When it came to partying in style, I didn’t compromise on the chic appeal. I wore my regular party body hugging dress in green colour. Solid colours make you look elegant. I tried to keep the accessories to the minimum. My belly was showing a lot but then I balanced it with a stole. Moreover, why get conscious about the belly. After all, I am pregnant and not suffering from any disease.   Back in Mumbai, I used my oversized denim shirt over a white spaghetti t-shirt, along with a denim skirt and black platform boots to create a cool yet comfortable look. I only buttoned the lower buttons on my shirt to fold it inside the spaghetti strap t-shirt. It gave my belly enough room and also created an illusion that I had tucked my shirt inside the skirt. I completed the look by carrying a bright clutch bag. I also tried to create another party look in all black. I used an all-black tights which had a tiny panel of bright pink on the sides, a black tank top which was comfortably long, and a black duster. To balance that I used a clutch and block heel shoes in zebra print. It was a contrast to the plain black look. This was the easiest and the most comfortable party look till date. I accessorised less as I already had a lot of shimmer on my top.  Last but not the least, I wore a turtle neck, midi dress in black and white stripes along with a black duster and carried a big yellow bag to add a colour element to my look. The shoes were comfortable pumps with kitten heels. This was comfortably showing my bump and looked super stylish.  What do you guys think about my maternity looks? Do you have any other suggestions? (Starred images clicked by Protibha Chakravorty) A fun post which includes my day-today looks with non-maternity clothes. This time I evaded maternity clothes completely and the results were better than my previous pregnancy. In all these images, I look pregnant. Before you guys ask, let me break it to you. Yes, I am pregnant. And that needs every day adjustments in many areas including how I dress. I am in my comfortable late 30’s and trust me fashion is the last thing on my mind when it comes to pregnancy. All, I want to look is happy and stylish. So, with my current stock of clothes, I did manage to create looks which were practical as well as looked good on my frame. And these looks are from my recent Euro trip and the so called winters in Mumbai. Thankfully, Mumbai winters allow dusters and cover ups on certain days.  Apart from anarkali and tights, there are several other clothes from your regular-wear that you can easily continue wearing right up to your 9th month, without opting for the maternity wear like maxi dresses, skirts below the belly with oversized tees and denim shirts as a cover up. You can get as creative as you want with your current wardrobe. Moreover, the kind of maternity wear available in India makes me cringe at the every sight. I think the only piece of clothing that is required from the maternity wear (that I would recommend) during pregnancy is maternity denim pants with a big belly band. Anyway, this is just my opinion and in no way am I endorsing non-maternity clothes over maternity clothes. What is important is that one should be comfortable wearing what they want to wear.  I wore my winter coat from the regular wear, without any hiccups. I buttoned only the top buttons and left the jacket unbuttoned below my bust area. I used layers of clothes on my belly area to create a warm cover. Thermal, long t-shirts, sweat shirt, bella band and thin layers of clothing were used to create a warm cover which protected my belly area from cold.  I usually wore platform shoes or flat knee length boots to give my growing body some balance. But when it came to a lot of walking, I opted for my walking shoes. Bright walking shoes look great with a sporty look. Tights, sweat shirts or long t-shirts with a duster/jacket can easily become your comfort wear.  When it came to partying in style, I didn’t compromise on the chic appeal. I wore my regular party body hugging dress in green colour. Solid colours make you look elegant. I tried to keep the accessories to the minimum. My belly was showing a lot but then I balanced it with a stole. Moreover, why get conscious about the belly. After all, I am pregnant and not suffering from any disease.   Back in Mumbai, I used my oversized denim shirt over a white spaghetti t-shirt, along with a denim skirt and black platform boots to create a cool yet comfortable look. I only buttoned the lower buttons on my shirt to fold it inside the spaghetti strap t-shirt. It gave my belly enough room and also created an illusion that I had tucked my shirt inside the skirt. I completed the look by carrying a bright clutch bag. I also tried to create another party look in all black. I used an all-black tights which had a tiny panel of bright pink on the sides, a black tank top which was comfortably long, and a black duster. To balance that I used a clutch and block heel shoes in zebra print. It was a contrast to the plain black look. This was the easiest and the most comfortable party look till date. I accessorised less as I already had a lot of shimmer on my top.  Last but not the least, I wore a turtle neck, midi dress in black and white stripes along with a black duster and carried a big yellow bag to add a colour element to my look. The shoes were comfortable pumps with kitten heels. This was comfortably showing my bump and looked super stylish.  What do you guys think about my maternity looks? Do you have any other suggestions? (Starred images clicked by Protibha Chakravorty) A fun post which includes my day-today looks with non-maternity clothes. This time I evaded maternity clothes completely and the results were better than my previous pregnancy. In all these images, I look pregnant. Before you guys ask, let me break it to you. Yes, I am pregnant. And that needs every day adjustments in many areas including how I dress. I am in my comfortable late 30’s and trust me fashion is the last thing on my mind when it comes to pregnancy. All, I want to look is happy and stylish. So, with my current stock of clothes, I did manage to create looks which were practical as well as looked good on my frame. And these looks are from my recent Euro trip and the so called winters in Mumbai. Thankfully, Mumbai winters allow dusters and cover ups on certain days.  Apart from anarkali and tights, there are several other clothes from your regular-wear that you can easily continue wearing right up to your 9th month, without opting for the maternity wear like maxi dresses, skirts below the belly with oversized tees and denim shirts as a cover up. You can get as creative as you want with your current wardrobe. Moreover, the kind of maternity wear available in India makes me cringe at the every sight. I think the only piece of clothing that is required from the maternity wear (that I would recommend) during pregnancy is maternity denim pants with a big belly band. Anyway, this is just my opinion and in no way am I endorsing non-maternity clothes over maternity clothes. What is important is that one should be comfortable wearing what they want to wear.  I wore my winter coat from the regular wear, without any hiccups. I buttoned only the top buttons and left the jacket unbuttoned below my bust area. I used layers of clothes on my belly area to create a warm cover. Thermal, long t-shirts, sweat shirt, bella band and thin layers of clothing were used to create a warm cover which protected my belly area from cold.  I usually wore platform shoes or flat knee length boots to give my growing body some balance. But when it came to a lot of walking, I opted for my walking shoes. Bright walking shoes look great with a sporty look. Tights, sweat shirts or long t-shirts with a duster/jacket can easily become your comfort wear.  When it came to partying in style, I didn’t compromise on the chic appeal. I wore my regular party body hugging dress in green colour. Solid colours make you look elegant. I tried to keep the accessories to the minimum. My belly was showing a lot but then I balanced it with a stole. Moreover, why get conscious about the belly. After all, I am pregnant and not suffering from any disease.   Back in Mumbai, I used my oversized denim shirt over a white spaghetti t-shirt, along with a denim skirt and black platform boots to create a cool yet comfortable look. I only buttoned the lower buttons on my shirt to fold it inside the spaghetti strap t-shirt. It gave my belly enough room and also created an illusion that I had tucked my shirt inside the skirt. I completed the look by carrying a bright clutch bag. I also tried to create another party look in all black. I used an all-black tights which had a tiny panel of bright pink on the sides, a black tank top which was comfortably long, and a black duster. To balance that I used a clutch and block heel shoes in zebra print. It was a contrast to the plain black look. This was the easiest and the most comfortable party look till date. I accessorised less as I already had a lot of shimmer on my top.  Last but not the least, I wore a turtle neck, midi dress in black and white stripes along with a black duster and carried a big yellow bag to add a colour element to my look. The shoes were comfortable pumps with kitten heels. This was comfortably showing my bump and looked super stylish.  What do you guys think about my maternity looks? Do you have any other suggestions? (Starred images clicked by Protibha Chakravorty) A fun post which includes my day-today looks with non-maternity clothes. This time I evaded maternity clothes completely and the results were better than my previous pregnancy. In all these images, I look pregnant. Before you guys ask, let me break it to you. Yes, I am pregnant. And that needs every day adjustments in many areas including how I dress. I am in my comfortable late 30’s and trust me fashion is the last thing on my mind when it comes to pregnancy. All, I want to look is happy and stylish. So, with my current stock of clothes, I did manage to create looks which were practical as well as looked good on my frame. And these looks are from my recent Euro trip and the so called winters in Mumbai. Thankfully, Mumbai winters allow dusters and cover ups on certain days.  Apart from anarkali and tights, there are several other clothes from your regular-wear that you can easily continue wearing right up to your 9th month, without opting for the maternity wear like maxi dresses, skirts below the belly with oversized tees and denim shirts as a cover up. You can get as creative as you want with your current wardrobe. Moreover, the kind of maternity wear available in India makes me cringe at the every sight. I think the only piece of clothing that is required from the maternity wear (that I would recommend) during pregnancy is maternity denim pants with a big belly band. Anyway, this is just my opinion and in no way am I endorsing non-maternity clothes over maternity clothes. What is important is that one should be comfortable wearing what they want to wear.  I wore my winter coat from the regular wear, without any hiccups. I buttoned only the top buttons and left the jacket unbuttoned below my bust area. I used layers of clothes on my belly area to create a warm cover. Thermal, long t-shirts, sweat shirt, bella band and thin layers of clothing were used to create a warm cover which protected my belly area from cold.  I usually wore platform shoes or flat knee length boots to give my growing body some balance. But when it came to a lot of walking, I opted for my walking shoes. Bright walking shoes look great with a sporty look. Tights, sweat shirts or long t-shirts with a duster/jacket can easily become your comfort wear.  When it came to partying in style, I didn’t compromise on the chic appeal. I wore my regular party body hugging dress in green colour. Solid colours make you look elegant. I tried to keep the accessories to the minimum. My belly was showing a lot but then I balanced it with a stole. Moreover, why get conscious about the belly. After all, I am pregnant and not suffering from any disease.   Back in Mumbai, I used my oversized denim shirt over a white spaghetti t-shirt, along with a denim skirt and black platform boots to create a cool yet comfortable look. I only buttoned the lower buttons on my shirt to fold it inside the spaghetti strap t-shirt. It gave my belly enough room and also created an illusion that I had tucked my shirt inside the skirt. I completed the look by carrying a bright clutch bag. I also tried to create another party look in all black. I used an all-black tights which had a tiny panel of bright pink on the sides, a black tank top which was comfortably long, and a black duster. To balance that I used a clutch and block heel shoes in zebra print. It was a contrast to the plain black look. This was the easiest and the most comfortable party look till date. I accessorised less as I already had a lot of shimmer on my top.  Last but not the least, I wore a turtle neck, midi dress in black and white stripes along with a black duster and carried a big yellow bag to add a colour element to my look. The shoes were comfortable pumps with kitten heels. This was comfortably showing my bump and looked super stylish.  What do you guys think about my maternity looks? Do you have any other suggestions? (Starred images clicked by Protibha Chakravorty) In my recent trip to Europe, I realised that European women hardly use any harsh makeup. Either they opt for nude lips with a light non-gooey gloss, and a bit of mascara or they go for a classic red lip and black winged eye liner look. There is nothing too extreme for them with heaps of eye shadows or layers of foundation on their face. Even the brides keep it simple. And believe me, it looks much more appealing as they try to keep it as natural as possible. Their vintage/classic look of red lips is fascinating. They love to use cool shades of red on their lips. (Cool shades mean pinkish reds or bluish reds.) These are not stark vermilion reds but something subtle and beautiful. Mumbaigloss decided to list 5 beautiful shades of reds in India which I regularly use. These are not exactly red but look beautiful on my skin tone. And mind it, none of this is sponsored. It is my choice of makeup that I use on everyday basis. I am sure it will help a lot of others who are trying to figure out a decent shade of lipstick for themselves. Lakme 9 to 5 Red Chaos 
My first pick is Lakme 9 to 5 Red Chaos enriched with vitamin E. This lip shade has a good staying power and a matte finish. Ideal for every day wear, the colour is muted pink hinting towards red but looks beautiful on medium to fair complexion. I use it almost every day and it looks and feels great. If I want to make it look more dramatic then I apply a Colourbar gloss in the shade of Natural Tan over it and it feels perfect. Maybelline Superstay 14 hour lipstick – Non-Stop Red 
If you are fed up of the pop colour pinks then take a pick on this lovely shade. This is a beautiful pinkish red and looks great with denims or blue casual wear. It is not a cutesy/girly colour but a bold matte red with a hint of pink to enhance your natural complexion. The staying power is decent and not 14 hours as claimed by the company. It doesn’t transfer easily. You can use clear gloss as a top coat to add a little drama to your lips. Always keep it handy for touch ups as when you eat, it tends to comes off. MAC Ruby Woo 
MAC’s Ruby Woo shade is a classic beauty. I prefer it over Russian Red. This is a bold matte berry red colour which goes very well with classic LBD (Little Black Dress) or any navy to blue dress. Even silver or sequinned dresses look great with this shade. The texture might feel a bit dry so it is better to apply it on moisturised lips. It comes off very easily while eating, especially from the inside lips, so I always carry it for emergency touch ups. (Please don’t do touch ups right at the dining table. Always excuse yourself to another room or bath room before re-applying makeup.) Ruby Woo looks great on medium to fair complexion. Faces Canada Ultime Pro Longwear Matte Lipstick – Bold 
At first, Faces Canada Ultime Pro Longwear Matte Lipstick – Bold shade looks more of hot pink than red. But gradually when the pigments settle, it gives a very blush red/pink sort of colour which instantly brightens up the complexion. The staying power is good and it doesn’t transfer easily. It looks great with summery floral dresses or casual wear. I wore it with black and it still looked great. Revlon Pencil Lip liner in Burgundy 
This is a beautiful deep red colour which stays on for more than 4 hours. I use this lip liner all over my lips after exfoliating and moisturising and then top it up with a clear gloss or Vaseline lip liner. The product is inexpensive but gives a beautiful shape and colour to my lips. I have worn it to many evening parties and it has looked great with both ethnic and western wear. Which lipstick colour would you prefer  to use? Do leave a comment below. In my recent trip to Europe, I realised that European women hardly use any harsh makeup. Either they opt for nude lips with a light non-gooey gloss, and a bit of mascara or they go for a classic red lip and black winged eye liner look. There is nothing too extreme for them with heaps of eye shadows or layers of foundation on their face. Even the brides keep it simple. And believe me, it looks much more appealing as they try to keep it as natural as possible. Their vintage/classic look of red lips is fascinating. They love to use cool shades of red on their lips. (Cool shades mean pinkish reds or bluish reds.) These are not stark vermilion reds but something subtle and beautiful. Mumbaigloss decided to list 5 beautiful shades of reds in India which I regularly use. These are not exactly red but look beautiful on my skin tone. And mind it, none of this is sponsored. It is my choice of makeup that I use on everyday basis. I am sure it will help a lot of others who are trying to figure out a decent shade of lipstick for themselves. Lakme 9 to 5 Red Chaos 
My first pick is Lakme 9 to 5 Red Chaos enriched with vitamin E. This lip shade has a good staying power and a matte finish. Ideal for every day wear, the colour is muted pink hinting towards red but looks beautiful on medium to fair complexion. I use it almost every day and it looks and feels great. If I want to make it look more dramatic then I apply a Colourbar gloss in the shade of Natural Tan over it and it feels perfect. Maybelline Superstay 14 hour lipstick – Non-Stop Red 
If you are fed up of the pop colour pinks then take a pick on this lovely shade. This is a beautiful pinkish red and looks great with denims or blue casual wear. It is not a cutesy/girly colour but a bold matte red with a hint of pink to enhance your natural complexion. The staying power is decent and not 14 hours as claimed by the company. It doesn’t transfer easily. You can use clear gloss as a top coat to add a little drama to your lips. Always keep it handy for touch ups as when you eat, it tends to comes off. MAC Ruby Woo 
MAC’s Ruby Woo shade is a classic beauty. I prefer it over Russian Red. This is a bold matte berry red colour which goes very well with classic LBD (Little Black Dress) or any navy to blue dress. Even silver or sequinned dresses look great with this shade. The texture might feel a bit dry so it is better to apply it on moisturised lips. It comes off very easily while eating, especially from the inside lips, so I always carry it for emergency touch ups. (Please don’t do touch ups right at the dining table. Always excuse yourself to another room or bath room before re-applying makeup.) Ruby Woo looks great on medium to fair complexion. Faces Canada Ultime Pro Longwear Matte Lipstick – Bold 
At first, Faces Canada Ultime Pro Longwear Matte Lipstick – Bold shade looks more of hot pink than red. But gradually when the pigments settle, it gives a very blush red/pink sort of colour which instantly brightens up the complexion. The staying power is good and it doesn’t transfer easily. It looks great with summery floral dresses or casual wear. I wore it with black and it still looked great. Revlon Pencil Lip liner in Burgundy 
This is a beautiful deep red colour which stays on for more than 4 hours. I use this lip liner all over my lips after exfoliating and moisturising and then top it up with a clear gloss or Vaseline lip liner. The product is inexpensive but gives a beautiful shape and colour to my lips. I have worn it to many evening parties and it has looked great with both ethnic and western wear. Which lipstick colour would you prefer  to use? Do leave a comment below. In my recent trip to Europe, I realised that European women hardly use any harsh makeup. Either they opt for nude lips with a light non-gooey gloss, and a bit of mascara or they go for a classic red lip and black winged eye liner look. There is nothing too extreme for them with heaps of eye shadows or layers of foundation on their face. Even the brides keep it simple. And believe me, it looks much more appealing as they try to keep it as natural as possible. Their vintage/classic look of red lips is fascinating. They love to use cool shades of red on their lips. (Cool shades mean pinkish reds or bluish reds.) These are not stark vermilion reds but something subtle and beautiful. Mumbaigloss decided to list 5 beautiful shades of reds in India which I regularly use. These are not exactly red but look beautiful on my skin tone. And mind it, none of this is sponsored. It is my choice of makeup that I use on everyday basis. I am sure it will help a lot of others who are trying to figure out a decent shade of lipstick for themselves. Lakme 9 to 5 Red Chaos 
My first pick is Lakme 9 to 5 Red Chaos enriched with vitamin E. This lip shade has a good staying power and a matte finish. Ideal for every day wear, the colour is muted pink hinting towards red but looks beautiful on medium to fair complexion. I use it almost every day and it looks and feels great. If I want to make it look more dramatic then I apply a Colourbar gloss in the shade of Natural Tan over it and it feels perfect. Maybelline Superstay 14 hour lipstick – Non-Stop Red 
If you are fed up of the pop colour pinks then take a pick on this lovely shade. This is a beautiful pinkish red and looks great with denims or blue casual wear. It is not a cutesy/girly colour but a bold matte red with a hint of pink to enhance your natural complexion. The staying power is decent and not 14 hours as claimed by the company. It doesn’t transfer easily. You can use clear gloss as a top coat to add a little drama to your lips. Always keep it handy for touch ups as when you eat, it tends to comes off. MAC Ruby Woo 
MAC’s Ruby Woo shade is a classic beauty. I prefer it over Russian Red. This is a bold matte berry red colour which goes very well with classic LBD (Little Black Dress) or any navy to blue dress. Even silver or sequinned dresses look great with this shade. The texture might feel a bit dry so it is better to apply it on moisturised lips. It comes off very easily while eating, especially from the inside lips, so I always carry it for emergency touch ups. (Please don’t do touch ups right at the dining table. Always excuse yourself to another room or bath room before re-applying makeup.) Ruby Woo looks great on medium to fair complexion. Faces Canada Ultime Pro Longwear Matte Lipstick – Bold 
At first, Faces Canada Ultime Pro Longwear Matte Lipstick – Bold shade looks more of hot pink than red. But gradually when the pigments settle, it gives a very blush red/pink sort of colour which instantly brightens up the complexion. The staying power is good and it doesn’t transfer easily. It looks great with summery floral dresses or casual wear. I wore it with black and it still looked great. Revlon Pencil Lip liner in Burgundy 
This is a beautiful deep red colour which stays on for more than 4 hours. I use this lip liner all over my lips after exfoliating and moisturising and then top it up with a clear gloss or Vaseline lip liner. The product is inexpensive but gives a beautiful shape and colour to my lips. I have worn it to many evening parties and it has looked great with both ethnic and western wear. Which lipstick colour would you prefer  to use? Do leave a comment below. In my recent trip to Europe, I realised that European women hardly use any harsh makeup. Either they opt for nude lips with a light non-gooey gloss, and a bit of mascara or they go for a classic red lip and black winged eye liner look. There is nothing too extreme for them with heaps of eye shadows or layers of foundation on their face. Even the brides keep it simple. And believe me, it looks much more appealing as they try to keep it as natural as possible. Their vintage/classic look of red lips is fascinating. They love to use cool shades of red on their lips. (Cool shades mean pinkish reds or bluish reds.) These are not stark vermilion reds but something subtle and beautiful. Mumbaigloss decided to list 5 beautiful shades of reds in India which I regularly use. These are not exactly red but look beautiful on my skin tone. And mind it, none of this is sponsored. It is my choice of makeup that I use on everyday basis. I am sure it will help a lot of others who are trying to figure out a decent shade of lipstick for themselves. Lakme 9 to 5 Red Chaos 
My first pick is Lakme 9 to 5 Red Chaos enriched with vitamin E. This lip shade has a good staying power and a matte finish. Ideal for every day wear, the colour is muted pink hinting towards red but looks beautiful on medium to fair complexion. I use it almost every day and it looks and feels great. If I want to make it look more dramatic then I apply a Colourbar gloss in the shade of Natural Tan over it and it feels perfect. Maybelline Superstay 14 hour lipstick – Non-Stop Red 
If you are fed up of the pop colour pinks then take a pick on this lovely shade. This is a beautiful pinkish red and looks great with denims or blue casual wear. It is not a cutesy/girly colour but a bold matte red with a hint of pink to enhance your natural complexion. The staying power is decent and not 14 hours as claimed by the company. It doesn’t transfer easily. You can use clear gloss as a top coat to add a little drama to your lips. Always keep it handy for touch ups as when you eat, it tends to comes off. MAC Ruby Woo 
MAC’s Ruby Woo shade is a classic beauty. I prefer it over Russian Red. This is a bold matte berry red colour which goes very well with classic LBD (Little Black Dress) or any navy to blue dress. Even silver or sequinned dresses look great with this shade. The texture might feel a bit dry so it is better to apply it on moisturised lips. It comes off very easily while eating, especially from the inside lips, so I always carry it for emergency touch ups. (Please don’t do touch ups right at the dining table. Always excuse yourself to another room or bath room before re-applying makeup.) Ruby Woo looks great on medium to fair complexion. Faces Canada Ultime Pro Longwear Matte Lipstick – Bold 
At first, Faces Canada Ultime Pro Longwear Matte Lipstick – Bold shade looks more of hot pink than red. But gradually when the pigments settle, it gives a very blush red/pink sort of colour which instantly brightens up the complexion. The staying power is good and it doesn’t transfer easily. It looks great with summery floral dresses or casual wear. I wore it with black and it still looked great. Revlon Pencil Lip liner in Burgundy 
This is a beautiful deep red colour which stays on for more than 4 hours. I use this lip liner all over my lips after exfoliating and moisturising and then top it up with a clear gloss or Vaseline lip liner. The product is inexpensive but gives a beautiful shape and colour to my lips. I have worn it to many evening parties and it has looked great with both ethnic and western wear. Which lipstick colour would you prefer  to use? Do leave a comment below. Diwali is next week and many of you must be still deciding what to wear. Of course, this once in a year festival is so special in many ways and you want to look your best. Mumbaigloss decided to round up a few experts to give tips on the kind of makeup, jewellery and dressing that will help you shine in the festival of lights. What to wear? According to fashion designer Ritu Seksaria, opt for traditional dresses like sari, lehenga, etc. in bright colours. Bright colors go really well with festivals. Diwali should be celebrated wearing eye catching colors like tangerine, fuschia, red and violet. Go traditional this Diwali with a twist of modern trend. Wear a beautiful red or green saree with a brocade pallu and team it up with a well-fitting halter neck blouse. You can opt for something classier like a sheer saree in monochrome, and accessorize it with diamonds and pearls. One can never go wrong with them. A mid-riff baring choli and a low cut lehenga does seem to up the style quotient this Diwali. Try a simple lehenga with an embroidered dupatta. It is very important to wear a cut that fits you well and accentuates the right parts of your body. What makeup? As the dresses will be heavy with embellishments, thread work and will be bright and colourful, it is better to go light on the makeup. Minimal makeup and a neat hairdo will complete your look and you’re all set to enjoy your Diwali, says Ritu. Prep-up your skin by going for deep hydrating facials, moisturizing daily and applying sunscreen whenever you are outdoors. It helps you to get that festive glow. Use a hydrating foundation as the weather is dry comparatively. Invest in a good bronzer. What jewellery to wear? According to jewellery designer Aakash Barmecha of Yoube Jewellery, pick one statement piece rather than go all out with accessorizing. He also insists that jewellery should be worn as per the dress. If you are wearing traditional sari then go for traditional jewellery designs, if you are wearing an indo-western outfit then go for modern designs. Keep it modern with simple accessories or wear just one statement piece. Cult favourite jewellery like diamond or jaded jhumkis, chaand balis, balas, Kadas or pendants are great options. If your outfit is inclined more towards an indo-western look, fusion jewellery works well, a mix and match of diamond, polki and jadau jewellery with bright colourful gemstones in innovative ways and eclectic styles add appeal to any outfit. Wear print! A digital print dupatta with a plain dress or digital print kurti teamed with pretty hoops, balas, kadas or a pretty pair of bangles lend a completely modern, trendy look. Palazzo pants are seen frequently and can also add a bit of style teamed with the right top, add a single earring or wrist cuff to create a unique distinct look this Diwali. Floral motifs are really in and look both gorgeous and feminine. Keep in mind your outfit, it is not necessary to match everything perfectly, so try something unique and distinctive. Rose gold looks lovely with most ensembles, though you could also pick up a dual tone. Diwali is next week and many of you must be still deciding what to wear. Of course, this once in a year festival is so special in many ways and you want to look your best. Mumbaigloss decided to round up a few experts to give tips on the kind of makeup, jewellery and dressing that will help you shine in the festival of lights. What to wear? According to fashion designer Ritu Seksaria, opt for traditional dresses like sari, lehenga, etc. in bright colours. Bright colors go really well with festivals. Diwali should be celebrated wearing eye catching colors like tangerine, fuschia, red and violet. Go traditional this Diwali with a twist of modern trend. Wear a beautiful red or green saree with a brocade pallu and team it up with a well-fitting halter neck blouse. You can opt for something classier like a sheer saree in monochrome, and accessorize it with diamonds and pearls. One can never go wrong with them. A mid-riff baring choli and a low cut lehenga does seem to up the style quotient this Diwali. Try a simple lehenga with an embroidered dupatta. It is very important to wear a cut that fits you well and accentuates the right parts of your body. What makeup? As the dresses will be heavy with embellishments, thread work and will be bright and colourful, it is better to go light on the makeup. Minimal makeup and a neat hairdo will complete your look and you’re all set to enjoy your Diwali, says Ritu. Prep-up your skin by going for deep hydrating facials, moisturizing daily and applying sunscreen whenever you are outdoors. It helps you to get that festive glow. Use a hydrating foundation as the weather is dry comparatively. Invest in a good bronzer. What jewellery to wear? According to jewellery designer Aakash Barmecha of Yoube Jewellery, pick one statement piece rather than go all out with accessorizing. He also insists that jewellery should be worn as per the dress. If you are wearing traditional sari then go for traditional jewellery designs, if you are wearing an indo-western outfit then go for modern designs. Keep it modern with simple accessories or wear just one statement piece. Cult favourite jewellery like diamond or jaded jhumkis, chaand balis, balas, Kadas or pendants are great options. If your outfit is inclined more towards an indo-western look, fusion jewellery works well, a mix and match of diamond, polki and jadau jewellery with bright colourful gemstones in innovative ways and eclectic styles add appeal to any outfit. Wear print! A digital print dupatta with a plain dress or digital print kurti teamed with pretty hoops, balas, kadas or a pretty pair of bangles lend a completely modern, trendy look. Palazzo pants are seen frequently and can also add a bit of style teamed with the right top, add a single earring or wrist cuff to create a unique distinct look this Diwali. Floral motifs are really in and look both gorgeous and feminine. Keep in mind your outfit, it is not necessary to match everything perfectly, so try something unique and distinctive. Rose gold looks lovely with most ensembles, though you could also pick up a dual tone. Diwali is next week and many of you must be still deciding what to wear. Of course, this once in a year festival is so special in many ways and you want to look your best. Mumbaigloss decided to round up a few experts to give tips on the kind of makeup, jewellery and dressing that will help you shine in the festival of lights. What to wear? According to fashion designer Ritu Seksaria, opt for traditional dresses like sari, lehenga, etc. in bright colours. Bright colors go really well with festivals. Diwali should be celebrated wearing eye catching colors like tangerine, fuschia, red and violet. Go traditional this Diwali with a twist of modern trend. Wear a beautiful red or green saree with a brocade pallu and team it up with a well-fitting halter neck blouse. You can opt for something classier like a sheer saree in monochrome, and accessorize it with diamonds and pearls. One can never go wrong with them. A mid-riff baring choli and a low cut lehenga does seem to up the style quotient this Diwali. Try a simple lehenga with an embroidered dupatta. It is very important to wear a cut that fits you well and accentuates the right parts of your body. What makeup? As the dresses will be heavy with embellishments, thread work and will be bright and colourful, it is better to go light on the makeup. Minimal makeup and a neat hairdo will complete your look and you’re all set to enjoy your Diwali, says Ritu. Prep-up your skin by going for deep hydrating facials, moisturizing daily and applying sunscreen whenever you are outdoors. It helps you to get that festive glow. Use a hydrating foundation as the weather is dry comparatively. Invest in a good bronzer. What jewellery to wear? According to jewellery designer Aakash Barmecha of Yoube Jewellery, pick one statement piece rather than go all out with accessorizing. He also insists that jewellery should be worn as per the dress. If you are wearing traditional sari then go for traditional jewellery designs, if you are wearing an indo-western outfit then go for modern designs. Keep it modern with simple accessories or wear just one statement piece. Cult favourite jewellery like diamond or jaded jhumkis, chaand balis, balas, Kadas or pendants are great options. If your outfit is inclined more towards an indo-western look, fusion jewellery works well, a mix and match of diamond, polki and jadau jewellery with bright colourful gemstones in innovative ways and eclectic styles add appeal to any outfit. Wear print! A digital print dupatta with a plain dress or digital print kurti teamed with pretty hoops, balas, kadas or a pretty pair of bangles lend a completely modern, trendy look. Palazzo pants are seen frequently and can also add a bit of style teamed with the right top, add a single earring or wrist cuff to create a unique distinct look this Diwali. Floral motifs are really in and look both gorgeous and feminine. Keep in mind your outfit, it is not necessary to match everything perfectly, so try something unique and distinctive. Rose gold looks lovely with most ensembles, though you could also pick up a dual tone. Diwali is next week and many of you must be still deciding what to wear. Of course, this once in a year festival is so special in many ways and you want to look your best. Mumbaigloss decided to round up a few experts to give tips on the kind of makeup, jewellery and dressing that will help you shine in the festival of lights. What to wear? According to fashion designer Ritu Seksaria, opt for traditional dresses like sari, lehenga, etc. in bright colours. Bright colors go really well with festivals. Diwali should be celebrated wearing eye catching colors like tangerine, fuschia, red and violet. Go traditional this Diwali with a twist of modern trend. Wear a beautiful red or green saree with a brocade pallu and team it up with a well-fitting halter neck blouse. You can opt for something classier like a sheer saree in monochrome, and accessorize it with diamonds and pearls. One can never go wrong with them. A mid-riff baring choli and a low cut lehenga does seem to up the style quotient this Diwali. Try a simple lehenga with an embroidered dupatta. It is very important to wear a cut that fits you well and accentuates the right parts of your body. What makeup? As the dresses will be heavy with embellishments, thread work and will be bright and colourful, it is better to go light on the makeup. Minimal makeup and a neat hairdo will complete your look and you’re all set to enjoy your Diwali, says Ritu. Prep-up your skin by going for deep hydrating facials, moisturizing daily and applying sunscreen whenever you are outdoors. It helps you to get that festive glow. Use a hydrating foundation as the weather is dry comparatively. Invest in a good bronzer. What jewellery to wear? According to jewellery designer Aakash Barmecha of Yoube Jewellery, pick one statement piece rather than go all out with accessorizing. He also insists that jewellery should be worn as per the dress. If you are wearing traditional sari then go for traditional jewellery designs, if you are wearing an indo-western outfit then go for modern designs. Keep it modern with simple accessories or wear just one statement piece. Cult favourite jewellery like diamond or jaded jhumkis, chaand balis, balas, Kadas or pendants are great options. If your outfit is inclined more towards an indo-western look, fusion jewellery works well, a mix and match of diamond, polki and jadau jewellery with bright colourful gemstones in innovative ways and eclectic styles add appeal to any outfit. Wear print! A digital print dupatta with a plain dress or digital print kurti teamed with pretty hoops, balas, kadas or a pretty pair of bangles lend a completely modern, trendy look. Palazzo pants are seen frequently and can also add a bit of style teamed with the right top, add a single earring or wrist cuff to create a unique distinct look this Diwali. Floral motifs are really in and look both gorgeous and feminine. Keep in mind your outfit, it is not necessary to match everything perfectly, so try something unique and distinctive. Rose gold looks lovely with most ensembles, though you could also pick up a dual tone. Fashion design students need not go all the way to New York to get education from the esteemed Parsons School of Design. Now you can get the same courses right here in Mumbai. David Van Zandt, President of The New School – Parsons School of Design, New York visited the Indian School of Design and Innovation (ISDI) – Parsons Mumbai campus here in Mumbai to inaugurate the ISDI Academic Campus and formalize the association between the two design institutions. The New School – Parsons School of Design, ranked number one for design, supports ISDI by creating a unique design education delivery system, ISDI benefits from Parsons’ faculty, on-going training, a global curriculum, global relationships, student and faculty exchanges all meeting international academic quality assurance processes. David Van Zandt, President, The New School – Parsons School of Design, said, “Design is engaging boardrooms; creating a problem solving ethos in a corporation. Design schools are not only a major source of new talent for the economy’s rapidly growing creative sector, but are critical catalysts for entrepreneurship. Universities must embrace interdisciplinary learning on both the undergraduate and graduate levels. Even for students who are not focusing in the arts, some experience and literacy with design will prove crucial in an increasingly creative economy. While design is a concept that is often assumed to be about engineering and high-tech applications, it is only a small part of its focus. Design, broadly defined, is an interdisciplinary approach to problem-solving that seeks to develop more effective products, environments, and organizations.” “At its heart, design is about understanding people and how they interact in the larger world. By leveraging design thinking and its intersections with other disciplines, universities will continue to serve as the incubators of creative innovation.” Radha Kapoor, Founder & Executive Director, ISDI, and also an alumnus of Parsons School of Design, New York said “ISDI – Parsons Mumbai is laser focused on building a New-Gen ecosystem of Design & Innovation driven by Creative Entrepreneurship in India. In today’s globalised economy, our key focus is to create an effective global design network, that significantly accelerates the success of Indian Entrepreneurship & Innovation across cultural boundaries. I am so glad that a world-class design school has finally decided to make our city its home. More power to art! Fashion design students need not go all the way to New York to get education from the esteemed Parsons School of Design. Now you can get the same courses right here in Mumbai. David Van Zandt, President of The New School – Parsons School of Design, New York visited the Indian School of Design and Innovation (ISDI) – Parsons Mumbai campus here in Mumbai to inaugurate the ISDI Academic Campus and formalize the association between the two design institutions. The New School – Parsons School of Design, ranked number one for design, supports ISDI by creating a unique design education delivery system, ISDI benefits from Parsons’ faculty, on-going training, a global curriculum, global relationships, student and faculty exchanges all meeting international academic quality assurance processes. David Van Zandt, President, The New School – Parsons School of Design, said, “Design is engaging boardrooms; creating a problem solving ethos in a corporation. Design schools are not only a major source of new talent for the economy’s rapidly growing creative sector, but are critical catalysts for entrepreneurship. Universities must embrace interdisciplinary learning on both the undergraduate and graduate levels. Even for students who are not focusing in the arts, some experience and literacy with design will prove crucial in an increasingly creative economy. While design is a concept that is often assumed to be about engineering and high-tech applications, it is only a small part of its focus. Design, broadly defined, is an interdisciplinary approach to problem-solving that seeks to develop more effective products, environments, and organizations.” “At its heart, design is about understanding people and how they interact in the larger world. By leveraging design thinking and its intersections with other disciplines, universities will continue to serve as the incubators of creative innovation.” Radha Kapoor, Founder & Executive Director, ISDI, and also an alumnus of Parsons School of Design, New York said “ISDI – Parsons Mumbai is laser focused on building a New-Gen ecosystem of Design & Innovation driven by Creative Entrepreneurship in India. In today’s globalised economy, our key focus is to create an effective global design network, that significantly accelerates the success of Indian Entrepreneurship & Innovation across cultural boundaries. I am so glad that a world-class design school has finally decided to make our city its home. More power to art! Fashion design students need not go all the way to New York to get education from the esteemed Parsons School of Design. Now you can get the same courses right here in Mumbai. David Van Zandt, President of The New School – Parsons School of Design, New York visited the Indian School of Design and Innovation (ISDI) – Parsons Mumbai campus here in Mumbai to inaugurate the ISDI Academic Campus and formalize the association between the two design institutions. The New School – Parsons School of Design, ranked number one for design, supports ISDI by creating a unique design education delivery system, ISDI benefits from Parsons’ faculty, on-going training, a global curriculum, global relationships, student and faculty exchanges all meeting international academic quality assurance processes. David Van Zandt, President, The New School – Parsons School of Design, said, “Design is engaging boardrooms; creating a problem solving ethos in a corporation. Design schools are not only a major source of new talent for the economy’s rapidly growing creative sector, but are critical catalysts for entrepreneurship. Universities must embrace interdisciplinary learning on both the undergraduate and graduate levels. Even for students who are not focusing in the arts, some experience and literacy with design will prove crucial in an increasingly creative economy. While design is a concept that is often assumed to be about engineering and high-tech applications, it is only a small part of its focus. Design, broadly defined, is an interdisciplinary approach to problem-solving that seeks to develop more effective products, environments, and organizations.” “At its heart, design is about understanding people and how they interact in the larger world. By leveraging design thinking and its intersections with other disciplines, universities will continue to serve as the incubators of creative innovation.” Radha Kapoor, Founder & Executive Director, ISDI, and also an alumnus of Parsons School of Design, New York said “ISDI – Parsons Mumbai is laser focused on building a New-Gen ecosystem of Design & Innovation driven by Creative Entrepreneurship in India. In today’s globalised economy, our key focus is to create an effective global design network, that significantly accelerates the success of Indian Entrepreneurship & Innovation across cultural boundaries. I am so glad that a world-class design school has finally decided to make our city its home. More power to art! Fashion design students need not go all the way to New York to get education from the esteemed Parsons School of Design. Now you can get the same courses right here in Mumbai. David Van Zandt, President of The New School – Parsons School of Design, New York visited the Indian School of Design and Innovation (ISDI) – Parsons Mumbai campus here in Mumbai to inaugurate the ISDI Academic Campus and formalize the association between the two design institutions. The New School – Parsons School of Design, ranked number one for design, supports ISDI by creating a unique design education delivery system, ISDI benefits from Parsons’ faculty, on-going training, a global curriculum, global relationships, student and faculty exchanges all meeting international academic quality assurance processes. David Van Zandt, President, The New School – Parsons School of Design, said, “Design is engaging boardrooms; creating a problem solving ethos in a corporation. Design schools are not only a major source of new talent for the economy’s rapidly growing creative sector, but are critical catalysts for entrepreneurship. Universities must embrace interdisciplinary learning on both the undergraduate and graduate levels. Even for students who are not focusing in the arts, some experience and literacy with design will prove crucial in an increasingly creative economy. While design is a concept that is often assumed to be about engineering and high-tech applications, it is only a small part of its focus. Design, broadly defined, is an interdisciplinary approach to problem-solving that seeks to develop more effective products, environments, and organizations.” “At its heart, design is about understanding people and how they interact in the larger world. By leveraging design thinking and its intersections with other disciplines, universities will continue to serve as the incubators of creative innovation.” Radha Kapoor, Founder & Executive Director, ISDI, and also an alumnus of Parsons School of Design, New York said “ISDI – Parsons Mumbai is laser focused on building a New-Gen ecosystem of Design & Innovation driven by Creative Entrepreneurship in India. In today’s globalised economy, our key focus is to create an effective global design network, that significantly accelerates the success of Indian Entrepreneurship & Innovation across cultural boundaries. I am so glad that a world-class design school has finally decided to make our city its home. More power to art! I am glad that Vero Moda chose style icon Kangna Ranaut to design their new AW, 15 collection. Now high-street fashion will get the crisp style cue from our very own fashionista and Bollywood actress Kangna who is known for her quirky sense of fashion. Kangana Ranaut, who is very excited to have designed the collection with VERO MODA said, “My fashion philosophy is to follow my mood for the day and is about what makes me feel good. I’m not a follower of fashion trends, instead I make my own rules and this collection does exactly that. I’m happy that this collection is inspired by my very own personal style. Unlike most occasion wear which is very one-dimensional – we’ve tried to stay away from the traditional and explored different hues, silhouettes and textures.” The MARQUEE by Kangana Ranaut AW’15 collection has five distinct lines: European high-street fashion brand VERO MODA launched the 2nd edition of MARQUEE Autumn Winter ’15, a limited edition collection designed by Kangana Ranaut at a glitzy fashion evening attended by the crème de la crème of Mumbai at Mehboob Studio, Bandra. The collection was presented on the runway through a splendid fashion show with the lovely Kangana Ranaut herself as the show-stopper. The actress looked absolutely stunning in a halter neck printed dress from the collection. Supermodel Ujjwala Raut made a rare appearance and opened the show in a strappy number. The legendary Pop-Rock music band ‘The Other People’, known for their energetic performances, released a track especially composed for the VERO MODA MARQUEE collection. Aditi Rao Hydari, Radhika Apte, Nandita Mahtani, Bhavana Pandey, DJ Yudhishtir, Upen Patel, Tara Sharma, Sameer Malhotra, Prateik Babbar, Siddhanth Kapoor, Madhoo Shah, Ravi Krishnan, Anu Dewan, Ayesha Takia, Anjana Sukhani, Dino Morea, Falguni and Shane Peacock, Suchitra Pillai, Manasi Scott, Elli Avram, Prerna Goel, Rashmi Nigam, Marc Robinson, Richa Chadda, Vikram Raizada, Ayan Mukerji, Mahek Chahal, Keith Sequeira, Rochelle Rao, Shaina NC, Sikander Kher, Rhea Chakraborty and Ira Dubey  were some of the names that were present to get a first glimpse of this bespoke collection and celebrate Kangana’s foray into fashion designing. Renowned fashion name and stylist, Anaita Shroff Adajania created distinct looks for the gorgeous models who walked the ramp in a well-coordinated fashion show. The fashion show was followed by a grand celebration. I liked the ivory and blue collection better than the bold red and black collection. But again it’s a personal choice. Apart from the collection, I liked Richa Chadda’s monochrome skater dress that she wore to the event.  Would you wear a dress designed by Queen Kangna Ranaut? Leave your comments below. I am glad that Vero Moda chose style icon Kangna Ranaut to design their new AW, 15 collection. Now high-street fashion will get the crisp style cue from our very own fashionista and Bollywood actress Kangna who is known for her quirky sense of fashion. Kangana Ranaut, who is very excited to have designed the collection with VERO MODA said, “My fashion philosophy is to follow my mood for the day and is about what makes me feel good. I’m not a follower of fashion trends, instead I make my own rules and this collection does exactly that. I’m happy that this collection is inspired by my very own personal style. Unlike most occasion wear which is very one-dimensional – we’ve tried to stay away from the traditional and explored different hues, silhouettes and textures.” The MARQUEE by Kangana Ranaut AW’15 collection has five distinct lines: European high-street fashion brand VERO MODA launched the 2nd edition of MARQUEE Autumn Winter ’15, a limited edition collection designed by Kangana Ranaut at a glitzy fashion evening attended by the crème de la crème of Mumbai at Mehboob Studio, Bandra. The collection was presented on the runway through a splendid fashion show with the lovely Kangana Ranaut herself as the show-stopper. The actress looked absolutely stunning in a halter neck printed dress from the collection. Supermodel Ujjwala Raut made a rare appearance and opened the show in a strappy number. The legendary Pop-Rock music band ‘The Other People’, known for their energetic performances, released a track especially composed for the VERO MODA MARQUEE collection. Aditi Rao Hydari, Radhika Apte, Nandita Mahtani, Bhavana Pandey, DJ Yudhishtir, Upen Patel, Tara Sharma, Sameer Malhotra, Prateik Babbar, Siddhanth Kapoor, Madhoo Shah, Ravi Krishnan, Anu Dewan, Ayesha Takia, Anjana Sukhani, Dino Morea, Falguni and Shane Peacock, Suchitra Pillai, Manasi Scott, Elli Avram, Prerna Goel, Rashmi Nigam, Marc Robinson, Richa Chadda, Vikram Raizada, Ayan Mukerji, Mahek Chahal, Keith Sequeira, Rochelle Rao, Shaina NC, Sikander Kher, Rhea Chakraborty and Ira Dubey  were some of the names that were present to get a first glimpse of this bespoke collection and celebrate Kangana’s foray into fashion designing. Renowned fashion name and stylist, Anaita Shroff Adajania created distinct looks for the gorgeous models who walked the ramp in a well-coordinated fashion show. The fashion show was followed by a grand celebration. I liked the ivory and blue collection better than the bold red and black collection. But again it’s a personal choice. Apart from the collection, I liked Richa Chadda’s monochrome skater dress that she wore to the event.  Would you wear a dress designed by Queen Kangna Ranaut? Leave your comments below. I am glad that Vero Moda chose style icon Kangna Ranaut to design their new AW, 15 collection. Now high-street fashion will get the crisp style cue from our very own fashionista and Bollywood actress Kangna who is known for her quirky sense of fashion. Kangana Ranaut, who is very excited to have designed the collection with VERO MODA said, “My fashion philosophy is to follow my mood for the day and is about what makes me feel good. I’m not a follower of fashion trends, instead I make my own rules and this collection does exactly that. I’m happy that this collection is inspired by my very own personal style. Unlike most occasion wear which is very one-dimensional – we’ve tried to stay away from the traditional and explored different hues, silhouettes and textures.” The MARQUEE by Kangana Ranaut AW’15 collection has five distinct lines: European high-street fashion brand VERO MODA launched the 2nd edition of MARQUEE Autumn Winter ’15, a limited edition collection designed by Kangana Ranaut at a glitzy fashion evening attended by the crème de la crème of Mumbai at Mehboob Studio, Bandra. The collection was presented on the runway through a splendid fashion show with the lovely Kangana Ranaut herself as the show-stopper. The actress looked absolutely stunning in a halter neck printed dress from the collection. Supermodel Ujjwala Raut made a rare appearance and opened the show in a strappy number. The legendary Pop-Rock music band ‘The Other People’, known for their energetic performances, released a track especially composed for the VERO MODA MARQUEE collection. Aditi Rao Hydari, Radhika Apte, Nandita Mahtani, Bhavana Pandey, DJ Yudhishtir, Upen Patel, Tara Sharma, Sameer Malhotra, Prateik Babbar, Siddhanth Kapoor, Madhoo Shah, Ravi Krishnan, Anu Dewan, Ayesha Takia, Anjana Sukhani, Dino Morea, Falguni and Shane Peacock, Suchitra Pillai, Manasi Scott, Elli Avram, Prerna Goel, Rashmi Nigam, Marc Robinson, Richa Chadda, Vikram Raizada, Ayan Mukerji, Mahek Chahal, Keith Sequeira, Rochelle Rao, Shaina NC, Sikander Kher, Rhea Chakraborty and Ira Dubey  were some of the names that were present to get a first glimpse of this bespoke collection and celebrate Kangana’s foray into fashion designing. Renowned fashion name and stylist, Anaita Shroff Adajania created distinct looks for the gorgeous models who walked the ramp in a well-coordinated fashion show. The fashion show was followed by a grand celebration. I liked the ivory and blue collection better than the bold red and black collection. But again it’s a personal choice. Apart from the collection, I liked Richa Chadda’s monochrome skater dress that she wore to the event.  Would you wear a dress designed by Queen Kangna Ranaut? Leave your comments below. I am glad that Vero Moda chose style icon Kangna Ranaut to design their new AW, 15 collection. Now high-street fashion will get the crisp style cue from our very own fashionista and Bollywood actress Kangna who is known for her quirky sense of fashion. Kangana Ranaut, who is very excited to have designed the collection with VERO MODA said, “My fashion philosophy is to follow my mood for the day and is about what makes me feel good. I’m not a follower of fashion trends, instead I make my own rules and this collection does exactly that. I’m happy that this collection is inspired by my very own personal style. Unlike most occasion wear which is very one-dimensional – we’ve tried to stay away from the traditional and explored different hues, silhouettes and textures.” The MARQUEE by Kangana Ranaut AW’15 collection has five distinct lines: European high-street fashion brand VERO MODA launched the 2nd edition of MARQUEE Autumn Winter ’15, a limited edition collection designed by Kangana Ranaut at a glitzy fashion evening attended by the crème de la crème of Mumbai at Mehboob Studio, Bandra. The collection was presented on the runway through a splendid fashion show with the lovely Kangana Ranaut herself as the show-stopper. The actress looked absolutely stunning in a halter neck printed dress from the collection. Supermodel Ujjwala Raut made a rare appearance and opened the show in a strappy number. The legendary Pop-Rock music band ‘The Other People’, known for their energetic performances, released a track especially composed for the VERO MODA MARQUEE collection. Aditi Rao Hydari, Radhika Apte, Nandita Mahtani, Bhavana Pandey, DJ Yudhishtir, Upen Patel, Tara Sharma, Sameer Malhotra, Prateik Babbar, Siddhanth Kapoor, Madhoo Shah, Ravi Krishnan, Anu Dewan, Ayesha Takia, Anjana Sukhani, Dino Morea, Falguni and Shane Peacock, Suchitra Pillai, Manasi Scott, Elli Avram, Prerna Goel, Rashmi Nigam, Marc Robinson, Richa Chadda, Vikram Raizada, Ayan Mukerji, Mahek Chahal, Keith Sequeira, Rochelle Rao, Shaina NC, Sikander Kher, Rhea Chakraborty and Ira Dubey  were some of the names that were present to get a first glimpse of this bespoke collection and celebrate Kangana’s foray into fashion designing. Renowned fashion name and stylist, Anaita Shroff Adajania created distinct looks for the gorgeous models who walked the ramp in a well-coordinated fashion show. The fashion show was followed by a grand celebration. I liked the ivory and blue collection better than the bold red and black collection. But again it’s a personal choice. Apart from the collection, I liked Richa Chadda’s monochrome skater dress that she wore to the event.  Would you wear a dress designed by Queen Kangna Ranaut? Leave your comments below. Mumbaigloss attended a recent event by Godrej India Culture Lab, an intellectual cultural hub in Mumbai city, in association with LFW about the future of Fashion Journalism in India. Parmesh Shahani, Head, Godrej India Culture Lab, moderated the hour long panel discussion with fashion and journalism pundits like Aishwarya Subramanyam, Editor, ELLE India, Ambika Anand, Fashion Editor, NDTV Good Times and MissMalini, fashion blogger. I being a blogger was rather intrigued at this debate. With a sea of fashion bloggers and vloggers all over India in the recent times, where did the editorial authority lie when it came to Indian fashion? Do people who talk about fashion, really understand fashion? Where will fashion journalism head 10 years from now? And are there any good fashion journalists left in the country? Ok, let’s face it. We don’t really read our morning newspapers anymore. Well, most of us. We hold our tablets instead, with our morning cup of coffee rather than the traditional newspapers. And going forward, as future generations become more and more absorbed into the digital world, the trend will become to get all news and info online. Be it fashion or politics, digital mode will become the preferred mode. But does digital world has editorial authority? Well, not completely. In the digital world, anyone can publish. There are no rules or an authority to regulate information. Freedom of speech is used to voice out opinions about anything and everything without any restraint. This might make or break any brand or a person. So how can we claim that the views presented on the digital platform are from a subject matter expert? But this is just one side of the story. The other side is that people can relate to a common person talking about fashion. They can relate more to a person’s style than a fashion designer’s brand and most of the time it is street style. So, in effect it has invoked interest of a common man into the world of fashion. This is where bloggers, vloggers and influencers have more power over the print platform. As Aishwarya Subramanyam put across aptly that the print media should fear the Malinis of the digital world as their reach is growing faster and stronger. But she disagreed on any existing single editorial authority. Coming back to the bloggers/vloggers – are they in any way experts of the subject? No, most of them are not. Most of them don’t know anything about fashion journalism. Leave aside pronouncing the names of the brands correctly, they don’t know about the designers, their style or their market. They don’t even know the difference between Hermes and Harman Kardon. Yet, they are valued because of their readership. The concentrated readership on the fashion can only be sought through fashion bloggers which a magazine might not provide. Magazines usually have mixed readership. But does that give bloggers an editorial upper-hand? May be not. Aishwarya said that while digital gave audience quick updates on the fashion events but print provided them factual and informative report on possible trends. Though, digital gives liberty in terms of space, print could have space restrictions. So it is a great mix to use TV, print and digital mediums than concentrating on only one medium. Aishwarya admitted good writers were rare and multitasking was needed to translate the same into digital world. Digital world is real-time (most of the times) and churning out quality features is rather difficult on that medium. So where does fashion critiques feature in the scheme of things? Aishwarya responded it was not necessary to criticize in a magazine since most of the regular readers know the difference between good and bad fashion. Ambika stated being a lifestyle channel, critiquing was not done on NDTV either. Malini highlighted that though critiquing gives rise to social media bullying but then if serious critiques are considered then much honest opinions are reflected on the digital platform than print. Aishwarya pointed out that if critiquing was the strength of a journalist and if put in context of designer world and history of fashion, then internet helps.  How does digital world help in chronicling fashion history? Malini felt the internet as digital space was a time capsule recording history. Aishwarya added that print has invaluable archives and resources available.  So what is the future of fashion journalism? Ambika stressed it will be a multiple platform world for all to survive. Aishwarya asserted print will not disappear as it is about balanced storytelling and brave and informed fashion journalists are needed. Digital will expand too and there is no denying that it will have its own demand in terms of fashion influencers and trend setters. Anaita Shroff Adajania, Fashion Director, Vogue India added, that there were many types of readers and catering to all was necessary. To conclude, MissMalini said that authority will always lie with the legacy of print and television, while social media for her was a part of an eco-system that bridged the gap and decoded fashion for the common man.  Mumbaigloss attended a recent event by Godrej India Culture Lab, an intellectual cultural hub in Mumbai city, in association with LFW about the future of Fashion Journalism in India. Parmesh Shahani, Head, Godrej India Culture Lab, moderated the hour long panel discussion with fashion and journalism pundits like Aishwarya Subramanyam, Editor, ELLE India, Ambika Anand, Fashion Editor, NDTV Good Times and MissMalini, fashion blogger. I being a blogger was rather intrigued at this debate. With a sea of fashion bloggers and vloggers all over India in the recent times, where did the editorial authority lie when it came to Indian fashion? Do people who talk about fashion, really understand fashion? Where will fashion journalism head 10 years from now? And are there any good fashion journalists left in the country? Ok, let’s face it. We don’t really read our morning newspapers anymore. Well, most of us. We hold our tablets instead, with our morning cup of coffee rather than the traditional newspapers. And going forward, as future generations become more and more absorbed into the digital world, the trend will become to get all news and info online. Be it fashion or politics, digital mode will become the preferred mode. But does digital world has editorial authority? Well, not completely. In the digital world, anyone can publish. There are no rules or an authority to regulate information. Freedom of speech is used to voice out opinions about anything and everything without any restraint. This might make or break any brand or a person. So how can we claim that the views presented on the digital platform are from a subject matter expert? But this is just one side of the story. The other side is that people can relate to a common person talking about fashion. They can relate more to a person’s style than a fashion designer’s brand and most of the time it is street style. So, in effect it has invoked interest of a common man into the world of fashion. This is where bloggers, vloggers and influencers have more power over the print platform. As Aishwarya Subramanyam put across aptly that the print media should fear the Malinis of the digital world as their reach is growing faster and stronger. But she disagreed on any existing single editorial authority. Coming back to the bloggers/vloggers – are they in any way experts of the subject? No, most of them are not. Most of them don’t know anything about fashion journalism. Leave aside pronouncing the names of the brands correctly, they don’t know about the designers, their style or their market. They don’t even know the difference between Hermes and Harman Kardon. Yet, they are valued because of their readership. The concentrated readership on the fashion can only be sought through fashion bloggers which a magazine might not provide. Magazines usually have mixed readership. But does that give bloggers an editorial upper-hand? May be not. Aishwarya said that while digital gave audience quick updates on the fashion events but print provided them factual and informative report on possible trends. Though, digital gives liberty in terms of space, print could have space restrictions. So it is a great mix to use TV, print and digital mediums than concentrating on only one medium. Aishwarya admitted good writers were rare and multitasking was needed to translate the same into digital world. Digital world is real-time (most of the times) and churning out quality features is rather difficult on that medium. So where does fashion critiques feature in the scheme of things? Aishwarya responded it was not necessary to criticize in a magazine since most of the regular readers know the difference between good and bad fashion. Ambika stated being a lifestyle channel, critiquing was not done on NDTV either. Malini highlighted that though critiquing gives rise to social media bullying but then if serious critiques are considered then much honest opinions are reflected on the digital platform than print. Aishwarya pointed out that if critiquing was the strength of a journalist and if put in context of designer world and history of fashion, then internet helps.  How does digital world help in chronicling fashion history? Malini felt the internet as digital space was a time capsule recording history. Aishwarya added that print has invaluable archives and resources available.  So what is the future of fashion journalism? Ambika stressed it will be a multiple platform world for all to survive. Aishwarya asserted print will not disappear as it is about balanced storytelling and brave and informed fashion journalists are needed. Digital will expand too and there is no denying that it will have its own demand in terms of fashion influencers and trend setters. Anaita Shroff Adajania, Fashion Director, Vogue India added, that there were many types of readers and catering to all was necessary. To conclude, MissMalini said that authority will always lie with the legacy of print and television, while social media for her was a part of an eco-system that bridged the gap and decoded fashion for the common man.  Mumbaigloss attended a recent event by Godrej India Culture Lab, an intellectual cultural hub in Mumbai city, in association with LFW about the future of Fashion Journalism in India. Parmesh Shahani, Head, Godrej India Culture Lab, moderated the hour long panel discussion with fashion and journalism pundits like Aishwarya Subramanyam, Editor, ELLE India, Ambika Anand, Fashion Editor, NDTV Good Times and MissMalini, fashion blogger. I being a blogger was rather intrigued at this debate. With a sea of fashion bloggers and vloggers all over India in the recent times, where did the editorial authority lie when it came to Indian fashion? Do people who talk about fashion, really understand fashion? Where will fashion journalism head 10 years from now? And are there any good fashion journalists left in the country? Ok, let’s face it. We don’t really read our morning newspapers anymore. Well, most of us. We hold our tablets instead, with our morning cup of coffee rather than the traditional newspapers. And going forward, as future generations become more and more absorbed into the digital world, the trend will become to get all news and info online. Be it fashion or politics, digital mode will become the preferred mode. But does digital world has editorial authority? Well, not completely. In the digital world, anyone can publish. There are no rules or an authority to regulate information. Freedom of speech is used to voice out opinions about anything and everything without any restraint. This might make or break any brand or a person. So how can we claim that the views presented on the digital platform are from a subject matter expert? But this is just one side of the story. The other side is that people can relate to a common person talking about fashion. They can relate more to a person’s style than a fashion designer’s brand and most of the time it is street style. So, in effect it has invoked interest of a common man into the world of fashion. This is where bloggers, vloggers and influencers have more power over the print platform. As Aishwarya Subramanyam put across aptly that the print media should fear the Malinis of the digital world as their reach is growing faster and stronger. But she disagreed on any existing single editorial authority. Coming back to the bloggers/vloggers – are they in any way experts of the subject? No, most of them are not. Most of them don’t know anything about fashion journalism. Leave aside pronouncing the names of the brands correctly, they don’t know about the designers, their style or their market. They don’t even know the difference between Hermes and Harman Kardon. Yet, they are valued because of their readership. The concentrated readership on the fashion can only be sought through fashion bloggers which a magazine might not provide. Magazines usually have mixed readership. But does that give bloggers an editorial upper-hand? May be not. Aishwarya said that while digital gave audience quick updates on the fashion events but print provided them factual and informative report on possible trends. Though, digital gives liberty in terms of space, print could have space restrictions. So it is a great mix to use TV, print and digital mediums than concentrating on only one medium. Aishwarya admitted good writers were rare and multitasking was needed to translate the same into digital world. Digital world is real-time (most of the times) and churning out quality features is rather difficult on that medium. So where does fashion critiques feature in the scheme of things? Aishwarya responded it was not necessary to criticize in a magazine since most of the regular readers know the difference between good and bad fashion. Ambika stated being a lifestyle channel, critiquing was not done on NDTV either. Malini highlighted that though critiquing gives rise to social media bullying but then if serious critiques are considered then much honest opinions are reflected on the digital platform than print. Aishwarya pointed out that if critiquing was the strength of a journalist and if put in context of designer world and history of fashion, then internet helps.  How does digital world help in chronicling fashion history? Malini felt the internet as digital space was a time capsule recording history. Aishwarya added that print has invaluable archives and resources available.  So what is the future of fashion journalism? Ambika stressed it will be a multiple platform world for all to survive. Aishwarya asserted print will not disappear as it is about balanced storytelling and brave and informed fashion journalists are needed. Digital will expand too and there is no denying that it will have its own demand in terms of fashion influencers and trend setters. Anaita Shroff Adajania, Fashion Director, Vogue India added, that there were many types of readers and catering to all was necessary. To conclude, MissMalini said that authority will always lie with the legacy of print and television, while social media for her was a part of an eco-system that bridged the gap and decoded fashion for the common man.  Mumbaigloss attended a recent event by Godrej India Culture Lab, an intellectual cultural hub in Mumbai city, in association with LFW about the future of Fashion Journalism in India. Parmesh Shahani, Head, Godrej India Culture Lab, moderated the hour long panel discussion with fashion and journalism pundits like Aishwarya Subramanyam, Editor, ELLE India, Ambika Anand, Fashion Editor, NDTV Good Times and MissMalini, fashion blogger. I being a blogger was rather intrigued at this debate. With a sea of fashion bloggers and vloggers all over India in the recent times, where did the editorial authority lie when it came to Indian fashion? Do people who talk about fashion, really understand fashion? Where will fashion journalism head 10 years from now? And are there any good fashion journalists left in the country? Ok, let’s face it. We don’t really read our morning newspapers anymore. Well, most of us. We hold our tablets instead, with our morning cup of coffee rather than the traditional newspapers. And going forward, as future generations become more and more absorbed into the digital world, the trend will become to get all news and info online. Be it fashion or politics, digital mode will become the preferred mode. But does digital world has editorial authority? Well, not completely. In the digital world, anyone can publish. There are no rules or an authority to regulate information. Freedom of speech is used to voice out opinions about anything and everything without any restraint. This might make or break any brand or a person. So how can we claim that the views presented on the digital platform are from a subject matter expert? But this is just one side of the story. The other side is that people can relate to a common person talking about fashion. They can relate more to a person’s style than a fashion designer’s brand and most of the time it is street style. So, in effect it has invoked interest of a common man into the world of fashion. This is where bloggers, vloggers and influencers have more power over the print platform. As Aishwarya Subramanyam put across aptly that the print media should fear the Malinis of the digital world as their reach is growing faster and stronger. But she disagreed on any existing single editorial authority. Coming back to the bloggers/vloggers – are they in any way experts of the subject? No, most of them are not. Most of them don’t know anything about fashion journalism. Leave aside pronouncing the names of the brands correctly, they don’t know about the designers, their style or their market. They don’t even know the difference between Hermes and Harman Kardon. Yet, they are valued because of their readership. The concentrated readership on the fashion can only be sought through fashion bloggers which a magazine might not provide. Magazines usually have mixed readership. But does that give bloggers an editorial upper-hand? May be not. Aishwarya said that while digital gave audience quick updates on the fashion events but print provided them factual and informative report on possible trends. Though, digital gives liberty in terms of space, print could have space restrictions. So it is a great mix to use TV, print and digital mediums than concentrating on only one medium. Aishwarya admitted good writers were rare and multitasking was needed to translate the same into digital world. Digital world is real-time (most of the times) and churning out quality features is rather difficult on that medium. So where does fashion critiques feature in the scheme of things? Aishwarya responded it was not necessary to criticize in a magazine since most of the regular readers know the difference between good and bad fashion. Ambika stated being a lifestyle channel, critiquing was not done on NDTV either. Malini highlighted that though critiquing gives rise to social media bullying but then if serious critiques are considered then much honest opinions are reflected on the digital platform than print. Aishwarya pointed out that if critiquing was the strength of a journalist and if put in context of designer world and history of fashion, then internet helps.  How does digital world help in chronicling fashion history? Malini felt the internet as digital space was a time capsule recording history. Aishwarya added that print has invaluable archives and resources available.  So what is the future of fashion journalism? Ambika stressed it will be a multiple platform world for all to survive. Aishwarya asserted print will not disappear as it is about balanced storytelling and brave and informed fashion journalists are needed. Digital will expand too and there is no denying that it will have its own demand in terms of fashion influencers and trend setters. Anaita Shroff Adajania, Fashion Director, Vogue India added, that there were many types of readers and catering to all was necessary. To conclude, MissMalini said that authority will always lie with the legacy of print and television, while social media for her was a part of an eco-system that bridged the gap and decoded fashion for the common man.  Dry ends, hair looking like hay after a lot of styling abuse and you wonder what you can do to make them look healthy and shiny again. You go to your hair stylist who suggests Cysteine Keratin treatment for your hair. Of course, it doesn’t come cheap. The total amount spent on the treatment and the supporting products will easily cost your around Rs. 11, 000. So is it worth it? Let’s find out.  I went through the Cysteine treatment on 3rd April, 2015. I purposefully waited for three and a half months to give you a first-hand account as to what happens during and after the treatment. My natural hair was straight, glossy and fine during my college days. It had a lot of volume. But over a period of time, with irregular hair spas or oiling and N number of product applications like hair colour, hair spray, etc. on them, my hair started to look a lot wavy, dry and lifeless. The ombre hair colour made the ends of my hair very dry. They were on the verge of getting split ends. That’s when I decided it was time to do something about it. I went to Enrich Salon where the senior stylist suggested that I go for the Cysteine treatment (Of course, they always suggest an expensive treatment but it is up to us to decide if it is really going to be worth it). Not many know that it is a protein treatment for your hair which relaxes its texture like curls and waves. It doesn’t straighten them though. It gives a very natural smooth finish to your hair texture making them look more polished. So, I decided to give it a go. The treatment is called Cysteine Complex Intense Smoothening. My hair is below shoulders so they quoted Rs. 7500 for my treatment. The rest of Rs. 3500 was spent towards the after care products. The stylist got me a paper to sign which had its terms and conditions stating that the treatment lightens the colour of the hair by 2 shades, it won’t make my hair completely straight etc. Finally, he took me to the wash basin where he washed my hair with a special shampoo that helps to remove every iota of dirt and oil from the hair. Basically, it strips down your hair completely from any possible product residues, natural oil, and gunk. My hair was then blow dried. It looked strayed, dry and weak. I felt very bad looking at their condition.  Then he got the Amazon Cysteine Complex Smoothening Cream and started applying on my hair section by section. The procedure is same as when a hair cream is applied to your hair during a hair spa. He left one inch hair from my root and applied the cream to the rest of the hair till the end. It is done so that the cream doesn’t make the roots go soft which eventually may result in hair fall.  After applying the cream to all my hair he wound it up in a clear plastic film. He ensured that my hair didn’t have any folds or creases. After about half an hour he came back to check my hair and removed the clear film. He took my semi-wet-with-cream hair section by section and with the help of a hair straightener, started drying up my hair. Towards the end of it my hair looked poker straight which had a strange little smell and of course product deposit. I was asked not to wash my hair for two to three days.  After that, I was allowed to wash my hair with three specific products that the stylist recommended– De Fabulous Hair Repair Shampoo, De Fabulous Hair Repair Conditioner, and Amazon Series Acai Oil Treatment. My stylist told me that these products should last me for over a month and I will see the condition of my hair get better with regular use.  He said the hair will stay smooth for a period of 3 – 4 months post this treatment. I left the salon with a heavy heart and an empty pocket. But I told myself, it was worth the investment. Rs. 11, 000 divided by 4 months comes to Rs. 2750 per month which is ok if not bad for healthy looking hair.  I washed my hair with the shampoo on the third day. It is a very mild shampoo and my hair felt icky and was still smelling of the product. The conditioner weighed my hair down for the first few washes as it is full of moisturizing elements. Combined with freshly done protein treatment, my hair looked limp. But in later washes it made my hair feel very soft. The stylist asked me to leave the conditioner in my hair for at least 5 minutes before washing it off. It actually makes the hair feel smooth and soft. I think I will continue with this conditioner even after the Cysteine effect wears off. Amazon Series Acai Oil Treatment smells wonderful. I was advised to apply it to my hair roots post hair wash and before styling on towel dried hair. I was asked to take a few drops of the oil on my palm, warm it up a bit on my hand and then apply to the roots which will give it amazing shine and fragrance. It definitely makes me feel good. I started using all the products regularly. The shampoo was over in a month. The conditioner and the Acai Oil are still there. I started using mild shampoo from other brands to wash my hair. Till now my hair looks straight (not poker straight but natural straight). Slight waves have started appearing towards the ends but it looks polished and smooth for sure. Cysteine treatment is one of the safest hair treatments in the market with excellent results. If you are unsure about how it will react, go for a patch test. Though it is expensive but it surely makes the hair smooth and soft. Many might feel that they have lost hair volume after the treatment but usually it is because straight hair looks less in volume than wavy or curly hair. So, if you are looking for a dramatic change in your looks or just want to fix your unruly hair then you can try this treatment. *I paid for my treatment and products and this is not a promotion but mere beauty experience that I wanted to share. Do let me know what do you think about this treatment? Leave a comment below.   Dry ends, hair looking like hay after a lot of styling abuse and you wonder what you can do to make them look healthy and shiny again. You go to your hair stylist who suggests Cysteine Keratin treatment for your hair. Of course, it doesn’t come cheap. The total amount spent on the treatment and the supporting products will easily cost your around Rs. 11, 000. So is it worth it? Let’s find out.  I went through the Cysteine treatment on 3rd April, 2015. I purposefully waited for three and a half months to give you a first-hand account as to what happens during and after the treatment. My natural hair was straight, glossy and fine during my college days. It had a lot of volume. But over a period of time, with irregular hair spas or oiling and N number of product applications like hair colour, hair spray, etc. on them, my hair started to look a lot wavy, dry and lifeless. The ombre hair colour made the ends of my hair very dry. They were on the verge of getting split ends. That’s when I decided it was time to do something about it. I went to Enrich Salon where the senior stylist suggested that I go for the Cysteine treatment (Of course, they always suggest an expensive treatment but it is up to us to decide if it is really going to be worth it). Not many know that it is a protein treatment for your hair which relaxes its texture like curls and waves. It doesn’t straighten them though. It gives a very natural smooth finish to your hair texture making them look more polished. So, I decided to give it a go. The treatment is called Cysteine Complex Intense Smoothening. My hair is below shoulders so they quoted Rs. 7500 for my treatment. The rest of Rs. 3500 was spent towards the after care products. The stylist got me a paper to sign which had its terms and conditions stating that the treatment lightens the colour of the hair by 2 shades, it won’t make my hair completely straight etc. Finally, he took me to the wash basin where he washed my hair with a special shampoo that helps to remove every iota of dirt and oil from the hair. Basically, it strips down your hair completely from any possible product residues, natural oil, and gunk. My hair was then blow dried. It looked strayed, dry and weak. I felt very bad looking at their condition.  Then he got the Amazon Cysteine Complex Smoothening Cream and started applying on my hair section by section. The procedure is same as when a hair cream is applied to your hair during a hair spa. He left one inch hair from my root and applied the cream to the rest of the hair till the end. It is done so that the cream doesn’t make the roots go soft which eventually may result in hair fall.  After applying the cream to all my hair he wound it up in a clear plastic film. He ensured that my hair didn’t have any folds or creases. After about half an hour he came back to check my hair and removed the clear film. He took my semi-wet-with-cream hair section by section and with the help of a hair straightener, started drying up my hair. Towards the end of it my hair looked poker straight which had a strange little smell and of course product deposit. I was asked not to wash my hair for two to three days.  After that, I was allowed to wash my hair with three specific products that the stylist recommended– De Fabulous Hair Repair Shampoo, De Fabulous Hair Repair Conditioner, and Amazon Series Acai Oil Treatment. My stylist told me that these products should last me for over a month and I will see the condition of my hair get better with regular use.  He said the hair will stay smooth for a period of 3 – 4 months post this treatment. I left the salon with a heavy heart and an empty pocket. But I told myself, it was worth the investment. Rs. 11, 000 divided by 4 months comes to Rs. 2750 per month which is ok if not bad for healthy looking hair.  I washed my hair with the shampoo on the third day. It is a very mild shampoo and my hair felt icky and was still smelling of the product. The conditioner weighed my hair down for the first few washes as it is full of moisturizing elements. Combined with freshly done protein treatment, my hair looked limp. But in later washes it made my hair feel very soft. The stylist asked me to leave the conditioner in my hair for at least 5 minutes before washing it off. It actually makes the hair feel smooth and soft. I think I will continue with this conditioner even after the Cysteine effect wears off. Amazon Series Acai Oil Treatment smells wonderful. I was advised to apply it to my hair roots post hair wash and before styling on towel dried hair. I was asked to take a few drops of the oil on my palm, warm it up a bit on my hand and then apply to the roots which will give it amazing shine and fragrance. It definitely makes me feel good. I started using all the products regularly. The shampoo was over in a month. The conditioner and the Acai Oil are still there. I started using mild shampoo from other brands to wash my hair. Till now my hair looks straight (not poker straight but natural straight). Slight waves have started appearing towards the ends but it looks polished and smooth for sure. Cysteine treatment is one of the safest hair treatments in the market with excellent results. If you are unsure about how it will react, go for a patch test. Though it is expensive but it surely makes the hair smooth and soft. Many might feel that they have lost hair volume after the treatment but usually it is because straight hair looks less in volume than wavy or curly hair. So, if you are looking for a dramatic change in your looks or just want to fix your unruly hair then you can try this treatment. *I paid for my treatment and products and this is not a promotion but mere beauty experience that I wanted to share. Do let me know what do you think about this treatment? Leave a comment below.   Dry ends, hair looking like hay after a lot of styling abuse and you wonder what you can do to make them look healthy and shiny again. You go to your hair stylist who suggests Cysteine Keratin treatment for your hair. Of course, it doesn’t come cheap. The total amount spent on the treatment and the supporting products will easily cost your around Rs. 11, 000. So is it worth it? Let’s find out.  I went through the Cysteine treatment on 3rd April, 2015. I purposefully waited for three and a half months to give you a first-hand account as to what happens during and after the treatment. My natural hair was straight, glossy and fine during my college days. It had a lot of volume. But over a period of time, with irregular hair spas or oiling and N number of product applications like hair colour, hair spray, etc. on them, my hair started to look a lot wavy, dry and lifeless. The ombre hair colour made the ends of my hair very dry. They were on the verge of getting split ends. That’s when I decided it was time to do something about it. I went to Enrich Salon where the senior stylist suggested that I go for the Cysteine treatment (Of course, they always suggest an expensive treatment but it is up to us to decide if it is really going to be worth it). Not many know that it is a protein treatment for your hair which relaxes its texture like curls and waves. It doesn’t straighten them though. It gives a very natural smooth finish to your hair texture making them look more polished. So, I decided to give it a go. The treatment is called Cysteine Complex Intense Smoothening. My hair is below shoulders so they quoted Rs. 7500 for my treatment. The rest of Rs. 3500 was spent towards the after care products. The stylist got me a paper to sign which had its terms and conditions stating that the treatment lightens the colour of the hair by 2 shades, it won’t make my hair completely straight etc. Finally, he took me to the wash basin where he washed my hair with a special shampoo that helps to remove every iota of dirt and oil from the hair. Basically, it strips down your hair completely from any possible product residues, natural oil, and gunk. My hair was then blow dried. It looked strayed, dry and weak. I felt very bad looking at their condition.  Then he got the Amazon Cysteine Complex Smoothening Cream and started applying on my hair section by section. The procedure is same as when a hair cream is applied to your hair during a hair spa. He left one inch hair from my root and applied the cream to the rest of the hair till the end. It is done so that the cream doesn’t make the roots go soft which eventually may result in hair fall.  After applying the cream to all my hair he wound it up in a clear plastic film. He ensured that my hair didn’t have any folds or creases. After about half an hour he came back to check my hair and removed the clear film. He took my semi-wet-with-cream hair section by section and with the help of a hair straightener, started drying up my hair. Towards the end of it my hair looked poker straight which had a strange little smell and of course product deposit. I was asked not to wash my hair for two to three days.  After that, I was allowed to wash my hair with three specific products that the stylist recommended– De Fabulous Hair Repair Shampoo, De Fabulous Hair Repair Conditioner, and Amazon Series Acai Oil Treatment. My stylist told me that these products should last me for over a month and I will see the condition of my hair get better with regular use.  He said the hair will stay smooth for a period of 3 – 4 months post this treatment. I left the salon with a heavy heart and an empty pocket. But I told myself, it was worth the investment. Rs. 11, 000 divided by 4 months comes to Rs. 2750 per month which is ok if not bad for healthy looking hair.  I washed my hair with the shampoo on the third day. It is a very mild shampoo and my hair felt icky and was still smelling of the product. The conditioner weighed my hair down for the first few washes as it is full of moisturizing elements. Combined with freshly done protein treatment, my hair looked limp. But in later washes it made my hair feel very soft. The stylist asked me to leave the conditioner in my hair for at least 5 minutes before washing it off. It actually makes the hair feel smooth and soft. I think I will continue with this conditioner even after the Cysteine effect wears off. Amazon Series Acai Oil Treatment smells wonderful. I was advised to apply it to my hair roots post hair wash and before styling on towel dried hair. I was asked to take a few drops of the oil on my palm, warm it up a bit on my hand and then apply to the roots which will give it amazing shine and fragrance. It definitely makes me feel good. I started using all the products regularly. The shampoo was over in a month. The conditioner and the Acai Oil are still there. I started using mild shampoo from other brands to wash my hair. Till now my hair looks straight (not poker straight but natural straight). Slight waves have started appearing towards the ends but it looks polished and smooth for sure. Cysteine treatment is one of the safest hair treatments in the market with excellent results. If you are unsure about how it will react, go for a patch test. Though it is expensive but it surely makes the hair smooth and soft. Many might feel that they have lost hair volume after the treatment but usually it is because straight hair looks less in volume than wavy or curly hair. So, if you are looking for a dramatic change in your looks or just want to fix your unruly hair then you can try this treatment. *I paid for my treatment and products and this is not a promotion but mere beauty experience that I wanted to share. Do let me know what do you think about this treatment? Leave a comment below.   Dry ends, hair looking like hay after a lot of styling abuse and you wonder what you can do to make them look healthy and shiny again. You go to your hair stylist who suggests Cysteine Keratin treatment for your hair. Of course, it doesn’t come cheap. The total amount spent on the treatment and the supporting products will easily cost your around Rs. 11, 000. So is it worth it? Let’s find out.  I went through the Cysteine treatment on 3rd April, 2015. I purposefully waited for three and a half months to give you a first-hand account as to what happens during and after the treatment. My natural hair was straight, glossy and fine during my college days. It had a lot of volume. But over a period of time, with irregular hair spas or oiling and N number of product applications like hair colour, hair spray, etc. on them, my hair started to look a lot wavy, dry and lifeless. The ombre hair colour made the ends of my hair very dry. They were on the verge of getting split ends. That’s when I decided it was time to do something about it. I went to Enrich Salon where the senior stylist suggested that I go for the Cysteine treatment (Of course, they always suggest an expensive treatment but it is up to us to decide if it is really going to be worth it). Not many know that it is a protein treatment for your hair which relaxes its texture like curls and waves. It doesn’t straighten them though. It gives a very natural smooth finish to your hair texture making them look more polished. So, I decided to give it a go. The treatment is called Cysteine Complex Intense Smoothening. My hair is below shoulders so they quoted Rs. 7500 for my treatment. The rest of Rs. 3500 was spent towards the after care products. The stylist got me a paper to sign which had its terms and conditions stating that the treatment lightens the colour of the hair by 2 shades, it won’t make my hair completely straight etc. Finally, he took me to the wash basin where he washed my hair with a special shampoo that helps to remove every iota of dirt and oil from the hair. Basically, it strips down your hair completely from any possible product residues, natural oil, and gunk. My hair was then blow dried. It looked strayed, dry and weak. I felt very bad looking at their condition.  Then he got the Amazon Cysteine Complex Smoothening Cream and started applying on my hair section by section. The procedure is same as when a hair cream is applied to your hair during a hair spa. He left one inch hair from my root and applied the cream to the rest of the hair till the end. It is done so that the cream doesn’t make the roots go soft which eventually may result in hair fall.  After applying the cream to all my hair he wound it up in a clear plastic film. He ensured that my hair didn’t have any folds or creases. After about half an hour he came back to check my hair and removed the clear film. He took my semi-wet-with-cream hair section by section and with the help of a hair straightener, started drying up my hair. Towards the end of it my hair looked poker straight which had a strange little smell and of course product deposit. I was asked not to wash my hair for two to three days.  After that, I was allowed to wash my hair with three specific products that the stylist recommended– De Fabulous Hair Repair Shampoo, De Fabulous Hair Repair Conditioner, and Amazon Series Acai Oil Treatment. My stylist told me that these products should last me for over a month and I will see the condition of my hair get better with regular use.  He said the hair will stay smooth for a period of 3 – 4 months post this treatment. I left the salon with a heavy heart and an empty pocket. But I told myself, it was worth the investment. Rs. 11, 000 divided by 4 months comes to Rs. 2750 per month which is ok if not bad for healthy looking hair.  I washed my hair with the shampoo on the third day. It is a very mild shampoo and my hair felt icky and was still smelling of the product. The conditioner weighed my hair down for the first few washes as it is full of moisturizing elements. Combined with freshly done protein treatment, my hair looked limp. But in later washes it made my hair feel very soft. The stylist asked me to leave the conditioner in my hair for at least 5 minutes before washing it off. It actually makes the hair feel smooth and soft. I think I will continue with this conditioner even after the Cysteine effect wears off. Amazon Series Acai Oil Treatment smells wonderful. I was advised to apply it to my hair roots post hair wash and before styling on towel dried hair. I was asked to take a few drops of the oil on my palm, warm it up a bit on my hand and then apply to the roots which will give it amazing shine and fragrance. It definitely makes me feel good. I started using all the products regularly. The shampoo was over in a month. The conditioner and the Acai Oil are still there. I started using mild shampoo from other brands to wash my hair. Till now my hair looks straight (not poker straight but natural straight). Slight waves have started appearing towards the ends but it looks polished and smooth for sure. Cysteine treatment is one of the safest hair treatments in the market with excellent results. If you are unsure about how it will react, go for a patch test. Though it is expensive but it surely makes the hair smooth and soft. Many might feel that they have lost hair volume after the treatment but usually it is because straight hair looks less in volume than wavy or curly hair. So, if you are looking for a dramatic change in your looks or just want to fix your unruly hair then you can try this treatment. *I paid for my treatment and products and this is not a promotion but mere beauty experience that I wanted to share. Do let me know what do you think about this treatment? Leave a comment below.   Precious stones and pure gold come together to forge stunning watches. Designed like kadas and bracelets, these watches are perfect for traditional Indian attire.  Crafted in 18 carat solid gold and embellished with precious stones like diamonds, rubies, yellow sapphires and pearls, these watches are an inspiration of the rich Indian heritage and historic royal culture. Truly designed to adorn the wrist of graceful women.  Nebula from Titan is a selection of watches that are made from solid 18 carat gold and precious stones. The exclusive watches from the collection are exquisite and designed with a traditional touch.  Nebula watches are priced between Rs.29000-Rs.625000. Precious stones and pure gold come together to forge stunning watches. Designed like kadas and bracelets, these watches are perfect for traditional Indian attire.  Crafted in 18 carat solid gold and embellished with precious stones like diamonds, rubies, yellow sapphires and pearls, these watches are an inspiration of the rich Indian heritage and historic royal culture. Truly designed to adorn the wrist of graceful women.  Nebula from Titan is a selection of watches that are made from solid 18 carat gold and precious stones. The exclusive watches from the collection are exquisite and designed with a traditional touch.  Nebula watches are priced between Rs.29000-Rs.625000. Precious stones and pure gold come together to forge stunning watches. Designed like kadas and bracelets, these watches are perfect for traditional Indian attire.  Crafted in 18 carat solid gold and embellished with precious stones like diamonds, rubies, yellow sapphires and pearls, these watches are an inspiration of the rich Indian heritage and historic royal culture. Truly designed to adorn the wrist of graceful women.  Nebula from Titan is a selection of watches that are made from solid 18 carat gold and precious stones. The exclusive watches from the collection are exquisite and designed with a traditional touch.  Nebula watches are priced between Rs.29000-Rs.625000. Precious stones and pure gold come together to forge stunning watches. Designed like kadas and bracelets, these watches are perfect for traditional Indian attire.  Crafted in 18 carat solid gold and embellished with precious stones like diamonds, rubies, yellow sapphires and pearls, these watches are an inspiration of the rich Indian heritage and historic royal culture. Truly designed to adorn the wrist of graceful women.  Nebula from Titan is a selection of watches that are made from solid 18 carat gold and precious stones. The exclusive watches from the collection are exquisite and designed with a traditional touch.  Nebula watches are priced between Rs.29000-Rs.625000. The heat through the year takes a toll on your skin and hair. Moreover, if your job requires you to travel far and wide then a lot of damage is done during the peak sunny mornings. You can get skin tan, skin rashes, frizzy hair, body odour due to sweat and heat, itchy scalp and skin and a gamut of other problems due to heat. But there are a few good solutions which can counter these problems. You can say that these are my beauty secrets which help me to look and feel better during summer months. Problem 1: Skin Tan Skin tan is a major problem. It makes the complexion dull irrespective of your skin colour. I feel dark skin tone is equally beautiful if the skin is clean and glowing. But sun and heat leaves the skin patchy giving it irregular blotches of colour. This can be tackled with honey and ground chana dal face pack. Apply it on the affected area. Leave it for 15 minutes and then wash. If you do this regularly for two weeks, you will see a lot of difference in your complexion. But in case you are one of those who love quick results and less mess then go for Spinz Sun Tan Remover. This is a cream based product that contains no bleach. It has been dermatologically tested and found to be safe for all skin types. If your job requires you to be outside a lot then you can keep this little tube in your bag and use this product to get a de-tanned radiant look right before an important meeting or an event. Apply about 2 finger lengths of Spinz Sun tan remover cream on you face for 5 -10 minutes and wash it with plain water. It is that simple. It is like an on-the-go mini-facial anywhere you want.  #SpinzBanTheTan Look at this movie to know more:  Problem 2: Darkened lips Sun can darken the delicate skin on your lips making them look discoloured and dry. I always use a good lip balm to make them look soft and supple but in case the damage has already being done then use a high-definition matt lipstick or lip line in natural pink to fill up the lips and use a neutral balm on top of it. Try to make a fine granulated sugar and oil scrub for your lips and use it twice a week to regain natural colour and suppleness. I use Lakme High-definition in Rose Bloom or Coral Flare to cover the darkened lips.  Problem 3: Frizzy Hair First and foremost, if you have frizzy hair then look no further than your kitchen. Mix two tablespoon of coconut oil with curd water. The residual water left after the curd has been taken is full of protein and nutrients. Apply this lavishly on your frizzy hair then cover your hair with plastic/shower cap or hot towel. Let it stay on your hair for 20-30 minutes and rinse with a mild shampoo. With weekly use, you will find that your hair looks smooth. You can also use hair serum on your wet hair to give it shine. I use Amazon hair serum.  Problem 4: Body Odour Market is flooded with deodorants. If you find them ineffective or if they irritate your skin then make your own spray. Mix water and equal amount of herbal oil of your choice into a spray bottle and then shake. You can create your own body spray. I use lemongrass oil to create my own body spray. Else, I use Chambor body mist which has a very floral-rainforest sort of fragrance. It lingers on for quite a while.  Problem 5: Oily face Face gets oily in the summer months. It looks and feels unpleasant. To keep the skin from producing more oil, mix lemon and cucumber juice in equal quantity on your face and wash it off with plain water after 15 minutes. Do this process thrice a week and see the results. Try not to use foundation or oily make up on your skin. Instead apply Lacto Calamine which soothes the skin as well as gives it a basic coverage. I use Lacto Calamine Oil Control.  Which are your summer beauty secrets? Do share with me in the comments section.  // <![CDATA[
var _paq = _paq || []; _paq.push(['trackPageView']); _paq.push(['enableLinkTracking']); (function() { var u="http://tracking.ripplekonnect.com/analytics/"; _paq.push(['setTrackerUrl', u+'piwik.php']); _paq.push(['setSiteId', 28]); var d=document, g=d.createElement('script'), s=d.getElementsByTagName('script')[0]; g.type='text/javascript'; g.async=true; g.defer=true; g.src=u+'piwik.js'; s.parentNode.insertBefore(g,s); })();
// ]]&gt;    The heat through the year takes a toll on your skin and hair. Moreover, if your job requires you to travel far and wide then a lot of damage is done during the peak sunny mornings. You can get skin tan, skin rashes, frizzy hair, body odour due to sweat and heat, itchy scalp and skin and a gamut of other problems due to heat. But there are a few good solutions which can counter these problems. You can say that these are my beauty secrets which help me to look and feel better during summer months. Problem 1: Skin Tan Skin tan is a major problem. It makes the complexion dull irrespective of your skin colour. I feel dark skin tone is equally beautiful if the skin is clean and glowing. But sun and heat leaves the skin patchy giving it irregular blotches of colour. This can be tackled with honey and ground chana dal face pack. Apply it on the affected area. Leave it for 15 minutes and then wash. If you do this regularly for two weeks, you will see a lot of difference in your complexion. But in case you are one of those who love quick results and less mess then go for Spinz Sun Tan Remover. This is a cream based product that contains no bleach. It has been dermatologically tested and found to be safe for all skin types. If your job requires you to be outside a lot then you can keep this little tube in your bag and use this product to get a de-tanned radiant look right before an important meeting or an event. Apply about 2 finger lengths of Spinz Sun tan remover cream on you face for 5 -10 minutes and wash it with plain water. It is that simple. It is like an on-the-go mini-facial anywhere you want.  #SpinzBanTheTan Look at this movie to know more:  Problem 2: Darkened lips Sun can darken the delicate skin on your lips making them look discoloured and dry. I always use a good lip balm to make them look soft and supple but in case the damage has already being done then use a high-definition matt lipstick or lip line in natural pink to fill up the lips and use a neutral balm on top of it. Try to make a fine granulated sugar and oil scrub for your lips and use it twice a week to regain natural colour and suppleness. I use Lakme High-definition in Rose Bloom or Coral Flare to cover the darkened lips.  Problem 3: Frizzy Hair First and foremost, if you have frizzy hair then look no further than your kitchen. Mix two tablespoon of coconut oil with curd water. The residual water left after the curd has been taken is full of protein and nutrients. Apply this lavishly on your frizzy hair then cover your hair with plastic/shower cap or hot towel. Let it stay on your hair for 20-30 minutes and rinse with a mild shampoo. With weekly use, you will find that your hair looks smooth. You can also use hair serum on your wet hair to give it shine. I use Amazon hair serum.  Problem 4: Body Odour Market is flooded with deodorants. If you find them ineffective or if they irritate your skin then make your own spray. Mix water and equal amount of herbal oil of your choice into a spray bottle and then shake. You can create your own body spray. I use lemongrass oil to create my own body spray. Else, I use Chambor body mist which has a very floral-rainforest sort of fragrance. It lingers on for quite a while.  Problem 5: Oily face Face gets oily in the summer months. It looks and feels unpleasant. To keep the skin from producing more oil, mix lemon and cucumber juice in equal quantity on your face and wash it off with plain water after 15 minutes. Do this process thrice a week and see the results. Try not to use foundation or oily make up on your skin. Instead apply Lacto Calamine which soothes the skin as well as gives it a basic coverage. I use Lacto Calamine Oil Control.  Which are your summer beauty secrets? Do share with me in the comments section.  // <![CDATA[
var _paq = _paq || []; _paq.push(['trackPageView']); _paq.push(['enableLinkTracking']); (function() { var u="http://tracking.ripplekonnect.com/analytics/"; _paq.push(['setTrackerUrl', u+'piwik.php']); _paq.push(['setSiteId', 28]); var d=document, g=d.createElement('script'), s=d.getElementsByTagName('script')[0]; g.type='text/javascript'; g.async=true; g.defer=true; g.src=u+'piwik.js'; s.parentNode.insertBefore(g,s); })();
// ]]&gt;    The heat through the year takes a toll on your skin and hair. Moreover, if your job requires you to travel far and wide then a lot of damage is done during the peak sunny mornings. You can get skin tan, skin rashes, frizzy hair, body odour due to sweat and heat, itchy scalp and skin and a gamut of other problems due to heat. But there are a few good solutions which can counter these problems. You can say that these are my beauty secrets which help me to look and feel better during summer months. Problem 1: Skin Tan Skin tan is a major problem. It makes the complexion dull irrespective of your skin colour. I feel dark skin tone is equally beautiful if the skin is clean and glowing. But sun and heat leaves the skin patchy giving it irregular blotches of colour. This can be tackled with honey and ground chana dal face pack. Apply it on the affected area. Leave it for 15 minutes and then wash. If you do this regularly for two weeks, you will see a lot of difference in your complexion. But in case you are one of those who love quick results and less mess then go for Spinz Sun Tan Remover. This is a cream based product that contains no bleach. It has been dermatologically tested and found to be safe for all skin types. If your job requires you to be outside a lot then you can keep this little tube in your bag and use this product to get a de-tanned radiant look right before an important meeting or an event. Apply about 2 finger lengths of Spinz Sun tan remover cream on you face for 5 -10 minutes and wash it with plain water. It is that simple. It is like an on-the-go mini-facial anywhere you want.  #SpinzBanTheTan Look at this movie to know more:  Problem 2: Darkened lips Sun can darken the delicate skin on your lips making them look discoloured and dry. I always use a good lip balm to make them look soft and supple but in case the damage has already being done then use a high-definition matt lipstick or lip line in natural pink to fill up the lips and use a neutral balm on top of it. Try to make a fine granulated sugar and oil scrub for your lips and use it twice a week to regain natural colour and suppleness. I use Lakme High-definition in Rose Bloom or Coral Flare to cover the darkened lips.  Problem 3: Frizzy Hair First and foremost, if you have frizzy hair then look no further than your kitchen. Mix two tablespoon of coconut oil with curd water. The residual water left after the curd has been taken is full of protein and nutrients. Apply this lavishly on your frizzy hair then cover your hair with plastic/shower cap or hot towel. Let it stay on your hair for 20-30 minutes and rinse with a mild shampoo. With weekly use, you will find that your hair looks smooth. You can also use hair serum on your wet hair to give it shine. I use Amazon hair serum.  Problem 4: Body Odour Market is flooded with deodorants. If you find them ineffective or if they irritate your skin then make your own spray. Mix water and equal amount of herbal oil of your choice into a spray bottle and then shake. You can create your own body spray. I use lemongrass oil to create my own body spray. Else, I use Chambor body mist which has a very floral-rainforest sort of fragrance. It lingers on for quite a while.  Problem 5: Oily face Face gets oily in the summer months. It looks and feels unpleasant. To keep the skin from producing more oil, mix lemon and cucumber juice in equal quantity on your face and wash it off with plain water after 15 minutes. Do this process thrice a week and see the results. Try not to use foundation or oily make up on your skin. Instead apply Lacto Calamine which soothes the skin as well as gives it a basic coverage. I use Lacto Calamine Oil Control.  Which are your summer beauty secrets? Do share with me in the comments section.  // <![CDATA[
var _paq = _paq || []; _paq.push(['trackPageView']); _paq.push(['enableLinkTracking']); (function() { var u="http://tracking.ripplekonnect.com/analytics/"; _paq.push(['setTrackerUrl', u+'piwik.php']); _paq.push(['setSiteId', 28]); var d=document, g=d.createElement('script'), s=d.getElementsByTagName('script')[0]; g.type='text/javascript'; g.async=true; g.defer=true; g.src=u+'piwik.js'; s.parentNode.insertBefore(g,s); })();
// ]]&gt;    The heat through the year takes a toll on your skin and hair. Moreover, if your job requires you to travel far and wide then a lot of damage is done during the peak sunny mornings. You can get skin tan, skin rashes, frizzy hair, body odour due to sweat and heat, itchy scalp and skin and a gamut of other problems due to heat. But there are a few good solutions which can counter these problems. You can say that these are my beauty secrets which help me to look and feel better during summer months. Problem 1: Skin Tan Skin tan is a major problem. It makes the complexion dull irrespective of your skin colour. I feel dark skin tone is equally beautiful if the skin is clean and glowing. But sun and heat leaves the skin patchy giving it irregular blotches of colour. This can be tackled with honey and ground chana dal face pack. Apply it on the affected area. Leave it for 15 minutes and then wash. If you do this regularly for two weeks, you will see a lot of difference in your complexion. But in case you are one of those who love quick results and less mess then go for Spinz Sun Tan Remover. This is a cream based product that contains no bleach. It has been dermatologically tested and found to be safe for all skin types. If your job requires you to be outside a lot then you can keep this little tube in your bag and use this product to get a de-tanned radiant look right before an important meeting or an event. Apply about 2 finger lengths of Spinz Sun tan remover cream on you face for 5 -10 minutes and wash it with plain water. It is that simple. It is like an on-the-go mini-facial anywhere you want.  #SpinzBanTheTan Look at this movie to know more:  Problem 2: Darkened lips Sun can darken the delicate skin on your lips making them look discoloured and dry. I always use a good lip balm to make them look soft and supple but in case the damage has already being done then use a high-definition matt lipstick or lip line in natural pink to fill up the lips and use a neutral balm on top of it. Try to make a fine granulated sugar and oil scrub for your lips and use it twice a week to regain natural colour and suppleness. I use Lakme High-definition in Rose Bloom or Coral Flare to cover the darkened lips.  Problem 3: Frizzy Hair First and foremost, if you have frizzy hair then look no further than your kitchen. Mix two tablespoon of coconut oil with curd water. The residual water left after the curd has been taken is full of protein and nutrients. Apply this lavishly on your frizzy hair then cover your hair with plastic/shower cap or hot towel. Let it stay on your hair for 20-30 minutes and rinse with a mild shampoo. With weekly use, you will find that your hair looks smooth. You can also use hair serum on your wet hair to give it shine. I use Amazon hair serum.  Problem 4: Body Odour Market is flooded with deodorants. If you find them ineffective or if they irritate your skin then make your own spray. Mix water and equal amount of herbal oil of your choice into a spray bottle and then shake. You can create your own body spray. I use lemongrass oil to create my own body spray. Else, I use Chambor body mist which has a very floral-rainforest sort of fragrance. It lingers on for quite a while.  Problem 5: Oily face Face gets oily in the summer months. It looks and feels unpleasant. To keep the skin from producing more oil, mix lemon and cucumber juice in equal quantity on your face and wash it off with plain water after 15 minutes. Do this process thrice a week and see the results. Try not to use foundation or oily make up on your skin. Instead apply Lacto Calamine which soothes the skin as well as gives it a basic coverage. I use Lacto Calamine Oil Control.  Which are your summer beauty secrets? Do share with me in the comments section.  // <![CDATA[
var _paq = _paq || []; _paq.push(['trackPageView']); _paq.push(['enableLinkTracking']); (function() { var u="http://tracking.ripplekonnect.com/analytics/"; _paq.push(['setTrackerUrl', u+'piwik.php']); _paq.push(['setSiteId', 28]); var d=document, g=d.createElement('script'), s=d.getElementsByTagName('script')[0]; g.type='text/javascript'; g.async=true; g.defer=true; g.src=u+'piwik.js'; s.parentNode.insertBefore(g,s); })();
// ]]&gt;    British pop singer turned fashion designer Victoria Beckham was recently seen promoting her brand at Singapore Fashion Week. Of course, flying for work and pleasure is her routine and she gave a few tips on how to optimise on the flying time. Long flights might put your skin and body into dehydration and stress so it is necessary to make yourself comfortable throughout your flight.  Victoria spoke of juggling her time as a mum of four with the demands of life as an international businesswoman and global brand. She discussed travelling the world with her family and shared that as soon as she gets on board she changes into something comfortable so she can relax. Dark sunglasses and a lot of water are her travel essentials. A good moisturiser doesn’t hurt either. “I travel a lot with my job and charity work for UNAIDs so I have my on board routine perfected. Flying is my opportunity to disconnect from the world and catch up on work and sleep. Once I’ve boarded the plane, I kick off my heels and change into something comfortable and sit back to unwind. I love watching films.” The renowned designer revealed that the White Cube gallery and the V&A are among her favourite spots in London, the city she chose as the location of her flagship Mayfair boutique. “David and I love visiting Asia and I feel at home.” Though, flight to any destination in Asia from London is around 8-10 hours so she is very particular about managing her time on flight with things that require some quality inputs. She avoids hard drinks and juices but tends to drink a lot of water. Time to time, she keeps on stretching or moving around to avoid cramps. British Airways has been flying to India for over 90 years and currently operates 49 flights a week from London Heathrow to five cities: New Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai, Bengaluru and Hyderabad. Do you have any tips which can help during a flight? Do leave a comment below.   British pop singer turned fashion designer Victoria Beckham was recently seen promoting her brand at Singapore Fashion Week. Of course, flying for work and pleasure is her routine and she gave a few tips on how to optimise on the flying time. Long flights might put your skin and body into dehydration and stress so it is necessary to make yourself comfortable throughout your flight.  Victoria spoke of juggling her time as a mum of four with the demands of life as an international businesswoman and global brand. She discussed travelling the world with her family and shared that as soon as she gets on board she changes into something comfortable so she can relax. Dark sunglasses and a lot of water are her travel essentials. A good moisturiser doesn’t hurt either. “I travel a lot with my job and charity work for UNAIDs so I have my on board routine perfected. Flying is my opportunity to disconnect from the world and catch up on work and sleep. Once I’ve boarded the plane, I kick off my heels and change into something comfortable and sit back to unwind. I love watching films.” The renowned designer revealed that the White Cube gallery and the V&A are among her favourite spots in London, the city she chose as the location of her flagship Mayfair boutique. “David and I love visiting Asia and I feel at home.” Though, flight to any destination in Asia from London is around 8-10 hours so she is very particular about managing her time on flight with things that require some quality inputs. She avoids hard drinks and juices but tends to drink a lot of water. Time to time, she keeps on stretching or moving around to avoid cramps. British Airways has been flying to India for over 90 years and currently operates 49 flights a week from London Heathrow to five cities: New Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai, Bengaluru and Hyderabad. Do you have any tips which can help during a flight? Do leave a comment below.   British pop singer turned fashion designer Victoria Beckham was recently seen promoting her brand at Singapore Fashion Week. Of course, flying for work and pleasure is her routine and she gave a few tips on how to optimise on the flying time. Long flights might put your skin and body into dehydration and stress so it is necessary to make yourself comfortable throughout your flight.  Victoria spoke of juggling her time as a mum of four with the demands of life as an international businesswoman and global brand. She discussed travelling the world with her family and shared that as soon as she gets on board she changes into something comfortable so she can relax. Dark sunglasses and a lot of water are her travel essentials. A good moisturiser doesn’t hurt either. “I travel a lot with my job and charity work for UNAIDs so I have my on board routine perfected. Flying is my opportunity to disconnect from the world and catch up on work and sleep. Once I’ve boarded the plane, I kick off my heels and change into something comfortable and sit back to unwind. I love watching films.” The renowned designer revealed that the White Cube gallery and the V&A are among her favourite spots in London, the city she chose as the location of her flagship Mayfair boutique. “David and I love visiting Asia and I feel at home.” Though, flight to any destination in Asia from London is around 8-10 hours so she is very particular about managing her time on flight with things that require some quality inputs. She avoids hard drinks and juices but tends to drink a lot of water. Time to time, she keeps on stretching or moving around to avoid cramps. British Airways has been flying to India for over 90 years and currently operates 49 flights a week from London Heathrow to five cities: New Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai, Bengaluru and Hyderabad. Do you have any tips which can help during a flight? Do leave a comment below.   British pop singer turned fashion designer Victoria Beckham was recently seen promoting her brand at Singapore Fashion Week. Of course, flying for work and pleasure is her routine and she gave a few tips on how to optimise on the flying time. Long flights might put your skin and body into dehydration and stress so it is necessary to make yourself comfortable throughout your flight.  Victoria spoke of juggling her time as a mum of four with the demands of life as an international businesswoman and global brand. She discussed travelling the world with her family and shared that as soon as she gets on board she changes into something comfortable so she can relax. Dark sunglasses and a lot of water are her travel essentials. A good moisturiser doesn’t hurt either. “I travel a lot with my job and charity work for UNAIDs so I have my on board routine perfected. Flying is my opportunity to disconnect from the world and catch up on work and sleep. Once I’ve boarded the plane, I kick off my heels and change into something comfortable and sit back to unwind. I love watching films.” The renowned designer revealed that the White Cube gallery and the V&A are among her favourite spots in London, the city she chose as the location of her flagship Mayfair boutique. “David and I love visiting Asia and I feel at home.” Though, flight to any destination in Asia from London is around 8-10 hours so she is very particular about managing her time on flight with things that require some quality inputs. She avoids hard drinks and juices but tends to drink a lot of water. Time to time, she keeps on stretching or moving around to avoid cramps. British Airways has been flying to India for over 90 years and currently operates 49 flights a week from London Heathrow to five cities: New Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai, Bengaluru and Hyderabad. Do you have any tips which can help during a flight? Do leave a comment below.   Mumbaigloss was invited for a spa session at Antara Spa in The Club, Andheri West. The Club is a member’s only recreational club which provides facilities like swimming pool, a well-equipped gym and spa. Who doesn’t like a relaxing and rejuvenating spa treatment? So when Antara Spa invited me to try out their Cool Splash Spa Therapy which included 60 mins of Swedish and Thai massage strokes with Vetiver and Orange blossom oil and 30 mins of cooling and rehydrating Aloe Vera Mint Wrap  to beat the summer heat, I readily agreed to get pampered. The Club is conveniently located in D.N. Nagar and I reached the venue on time. The property is huge, clean and well-managed. Manager and the staff had been waiting for me and without any delay, I was taken inside the treatment room. I was asked to fill up a form giving my health and allergy details. I would have loved to get a refreshing welcome drink (herbs and spices) after travelling to the venue in the scorching Mumbai heat but it wasn’t offered. So, I would like to suggest to Antara Spa to create a signature drink which can be offered to the clients before the spa session to make them feel rehydrated. The spa is located next to the swimming pool and has a lovely view. The interiors are soothing and minimalistic with artefacts strewn tastefully across the property. Use of silk, teak wood, mother of pearl has rendered the treatment rooms with class and beauty. Relaxing music soothes the nerves and the aroma of various oils and products prepares the mind to shut off from the world and relax. Antara Spa has: It was time to check what they had to offer.  The therapist was extremely courteous and asked me to get comfortable. She asked me if I had any particular concern area like back pain, neck pain etc. She also inquired about the pressure applied and if I was ok with it. I had a few scare moments when she pulled my hands at the back putting slight pressure on the lower back and I heard a little snap. For few seconds I felt I would never be able to walk again. But that was just a bad thought. As my body felt less tensed and relaxed. My back felt a little heat and the lower back pain somehow vanished. With little tugs and pulls, she went on for an hour as if trying to rebuild the structure of my body. The aroma of the oils had already made me go half sleepy and half excited. The end result after the massage session was that I felt refreshed. I felt happy and relaxed.  After this she put cooling Aloe Vera and Mint wrap and covered my body with a plastic film. This is to seal the moisture in the skin provided by these two herbs. Unfortunately, she left the AC on and didn’t ask if I wanted it to continue. I started to shiver in spite of two towels which were put on me as a cover.  I would like to suggest Antara spa to get proper body covers for the clients who might feel cold after the treatment as well as check with them if they would like the AC on at least twice in those 30 minutes of Aloe Vera and Mint wrap.  Otherwise, the experience was absolutely terrific. I came back all glowing and rejuvenated. The total cost of this treatment was Rs. 4800/- + taxes and is worth every penny spent. Later, the manager of the spa gave me a Reiki session to relax my mind completely. He held his hand near my head and I could feel a buzzing energy flowing inside my head. The result was less strained neck muscles and a light head.  Will I recommend this to you? Certainly! They might not have been impeccable with my service but they were very good and the overall package was nice. The property is grand and is a feel good factor even before you start with the spa session. I so envy The Club members.  Have you ever been to Antara Spa? What do you think about their Spa services? Do leave a comment below. Mumbaigloss was invited for a spa session at Antara Spa in The Club, Andheri West. The Club is a member’s only recreational club which provides facilities like swimming pool, a well-equipped gym and spa. Who doesn’t like a relaxing and rejuvenating spa treatment? So when Antara Spa invited me to try out their Cool Splash Spa Therapy which included 60 mins of Swedish and Thai massage strokes with Vetiver and Orange blossom oil and 30 mins of cooling and rehydrating Aloe Vera Mint Wrap  to beat the summer heat, I readily agreed to get pampered. The Club is conveniently located in D.N. Nagar and I reached the venue on time. The property is huge, clean and well-managed. Manager and the staff had been waiting for me and without any delay, I was taken inside the treatment room. I was asked to fill up a form giving my health and allergy details. I would have loved to get a refreshing welcome drink (herbs and spices) after travelling to the venue in the scorching Mumbai heat but it wasn’t offered. So, I would like to suggest to Antara Spa to create a signature drink which can be offered to the clients before the spa session to make them feel rehydrated. The spa is located next to the swimming pool and has a lovely view. The interiors are soothing and minimalistic with artefacts strewn tastefully across the property. Use of silk, teak wood, mother of pearl has rendered the treatment rooms with class and beauty. Relaxing music soothes the nerves and the aroma of various oils and products prepares the mind to shut off from the world and relax. Antara Spa has: It was time to check what they had to offer.  The therapist was extremely courteous and asked me to get comfortable. She asked me if I had any particular concern area like back pain, neck pain etc. She also inquired about the pressure applied and if I was ok with it. I had a few scare moments when she pulled my hands at the back putting slight pressure on the lower back and I heard a little snap. For few seconds I felt I would never be able to walk again. But that was just a bad thought. As my body felt less tensed and relaxed. My back felt a little heat and the lower back pain somehow vanished. With little tugs and pulls, she went on for an hour as if trying to rebuild the structure of my body. The aroma of the oils had already made me go half sleepy and half excited. The end result after the massage session was that I felt refreshed. I felt happy and relaxed.  After this she put cooling Aloe Vera and Mint wrap and covered my body with a plastic film. This is to seal the moisture in the skin provided by these two herbs. Unfortunately, she left the AC on and didn’t ask if I wanted it to continue. I started to shiver in spite of two towels which were put on me as a cover.  I would like to suggest Antara spa to get proper body covers for the clients who might feel cold after the treatment as well as check with them if they would like the AC on at least twice in those 30 minutes of Aloe Vera and Mint wrap.  Otherwise, the experience was absolutely terrific. I came back all glowing and rejuvenated. The total cost of this treatment was Rs. 4800/- + taxes and is worth every penny spent. Later, the manager of the spa gave me a Reiki session to relax my mind completely. He held his hand near my head and I could feel a buzzing energy flowing inside my head. The result was less strained neck muscles and a light head.  Will I recommend this to you? Certainly! They might not have been impeccable with my service but they were very good and the overall package was nice. The property is grand and is a feel good factor even before you start with the spa session. I so envy The Club members.  Have you ever been to Antara Spa? What do you think about their Spa services? Do leave a comment below. Mumbaigloss was invited for a spa session at Antara Spa in The Club, Andheri West. The Club is a member’s only recreational club which provides facilities like swimming pool, a well-equipped gym and spa. Who doesn’t like a relaxing and rejuvenating spa treatment? So when Antara Spa invited me to try out their Cool Splash Spa Therapy which included 60 mins of Swedish and Thai massage strokes with Vetiver and Orange blossom oil and 30 mins of cooling and rehydrating Aloe Vera Mint Wrap  to beat the summer heat, I readily agreed to get pampered. The Club is conveniently located in D.N. Nagar and I reached the venue on time. The property is huge, clean and well-managed. Manager and the staff had been waiting for me and without any delay, I was taken inside the treatment room. I was asked to fill up a form giving my health and allergy details. I would have loved to get a refreshing welcome drink (herbs and spices) after travelling to the venue in the scorching Mumbai heat but it wasn’t offered. So, I would like to suggest to Antara Spa to create a signature drink which can be offered to the clients before the spa session to make them feel rehydrated. The spa is located next to the swimming pool and has a lovely view. The interiors are soothing and minimalistic with artefacts strewn tastefully across the property. Use of silk, teak wood, mother of pearl has rendered the treatment rooms with class and beauty. Relaxing music soothes the nerves and the aroma of various oils and products prepares the mind to shut off from the world and relax. Antara Spa has: It was time to check what they had to offer.  The therapist was extremely courteous and asked me to get comfortable. She asked me if I had any particular concern area like back pain, neck pain etc. She also inquired about the pressure applied and if I was ok with it. I had a few scare moments when she pulled my hands at the back putting slight pressure on the lower back and I heard a little snap. For few seconds I felt I would never be able to walk again. But that was just a bad thought. As my body felt less tensed and relaxed. My back felt a little heat and the lower back pain somehow vanished. With little tugs and pulls, she went on for an hour as if trying to rebuild the structure of my body. The aroma of the oils had already made me go half sleepy and half excited. The end result after the massage session was that I felt refreshed. I felt happy and relaxed.  After this she put cooling Aloe Vera and Mint wrap and covered my body with a plastic film. This is to seal the moisture in the skin provided by these two herbs. Unfortunately, she left the AC on and didn’t ask if I wanted it to continue. I started to shiver in spite of two towels which were put on me as a cover.  I would like to suggest Antara spa to get proper body covers for the clients who might feel cold after the treatment as well as check with them if they would like the AC on at least twice in those 30 minutes of Aloe Vera and Mint wrap.  Otherwise, the experience was absolutely terrific. I came back all glowing and rejuvenated. The total cost of this treatment was Rs. 4800/- + taxes and is worth every penny spent. Later, the manager of the spa gave me a Reiki session to relax my mind completely. He held his hand near my head and I could feel a buzzing energy flowing inside my head. The result was less strained neck muscles and a light head.  Will I recommend this to you? Certainly! They might not have been impeccable with my service but they were very good and the overall package was nice. The property is grand and is a feel good factor even before you start with the spa session. I so envy The Club members.  Have you ever been to Antara Spa? What do you think about their Spa services? Do leave a comment below. Mumbaigloss was invited for a spa session at Antara Spa in The Club, Andheri West. The Club is a member’s only recreational club which provides facilities like swimming pool, a well-equipped gym and spa. Who doesn’t like a relaxing and rejuvenating spa treatment? So when Antara Spa invited me to try out their Cool Splash Spa Therapy which included 60 mins of Swedish and Thai massage strokes with Vetiver and Orange blossom oil and 30 mins of cooling and rehydrating Aloe Vera Mint Wrap  to beat the summer heat, I readily agreed to get pampered. The Club is conveniently located in D.N. Nagar and I reached the venue on time. The property is huge, clean and well-managed. Manager and the staff had been waiting for me and without any delay, I was taken inside the treatment room. I was asked to fill up a form giving my health and allergy details. I would have loved to get a refreshing welcome drink (herbs and spices) after travelling to the venue in the scorching Mumbai heat but it wasn’t offered. So, I would like to suggest to Antara Spa to create a signature drink which can be offered to the clients before the spa session to make them feel rehydrated. The spa is located next to the swimming pool and has a lovely view. The interiors are soothing and minimalistic with artefacts strewn tastefully across the property. Use of silk, teak wood, mother of pearl has rendered the treatment rooms with class and beauty. Relaxing music soothes the nerves and the aroma of various oils and products prepares the mind to shut off from the world and relax. Antara Spa has: It was time to check what they had to offer.  The therapist was extremely courteous and asked me to get comfortable. She asked me if I had any particular concern area like back pain, neck pain etc. She also inquired about the pressure applied and if I was ok with it. I had a few scare moments when she pulled my hands at the back putting slight pressure on the lower back and I heard a little snap. For few seconds I felt I would never be able to walk again. But that was just a bad thought. As my body felt less tensed and relaxed. My back felt a little heat and the lower back pain somehow vanished. With little tugs and pulls, she went on for an hour as if trying to rebuild the structure of my body. The aroma of the oils had already made me go half sleepy and half excited. The end result after the massage session was that I felt refreshed. I felt happy and relaxed.  After this she put cooling Aloe Vera and Mint wrap and covered my body with a plastic film. This is to seal the moisture in the skin provided by these two herbs. Unfortunately, she left the AC on and didn’t ask if I wanted it to continue. I started to shiver in spite of two towels which were put on me as a cover.  I would like to suggest Antara spa to get proper body covers for the clients who might feel cold after the treatment as well as check with them if they would like the AC on at least twice in those 30 minutes of Aloe Vera and Mint wrap.  Otherwise, the experience was absolutely terrific. I came back all glowing and rejuvenated. The total cost of this treatment was Rs. 4800/- + taxes and is worth every penny spent. Later, the manager of the spa gave me a Reiki session to relax my mind completely. He held his hand near my head and I could feel a buzzing energy flowing inside my head. The result was less strained neck muscles and a light head.  Will I recommend this to you? Certainly! They might not have been impeccable with my service but they were very good and the overall package was nice. The property is grand and is a feel good factor even before you start with the spa session. I so envy The Club members.  Have you ever been to Antara Spa? What do you think about their Spa services? Do leave a comment below. Philips recently sent me their latest Satinelle Essential epilator to review which is being promoted by Aalia Bhatt. Look here what Aalia has to say about the product.  The product MRP is Rs. 2495 but you can find this at Flipkart and other ecommerce websites a lot cheaper. The product packet comes with the following contents: Philips Satinelle Essential Epilator features: I used the product over the weekend and also asked my sister to use it and we both came to the conclusion that it doesn’t beat the comfort and time efficiency of a waxing session or the easiness of shaving. But in case, you are travelling or are not living close to a parlour then it can take care of your basic hair removal requirement. What I liked about the product: What I disliked about the product: Note: Slight pinching sensation is felt on the skin while using the product which might make you uncomfortable. Though it isn’t very bad. (Basically, hair is pulled out from the roots) This isn’t anything new for people who have already used epilators.  Will I recommend it to you? If you don’t like going to your local parlour for a quick waxing session and are not comfortable shaving your arms and legs often then go for it. It might take much longer but it uproots visibly longer hair and gives you clean skin for a longer duration as compared to shaving. Use talc to get a good grip on smaller hair. Have you used an epilator before? What do you think about Philips Satinelle Essential Epilator? Do leave a comment below. Philips recently sent me their latest Satinelle Essential epilator to review which is being promoted by Aalia Bhatt. Look here what Aalia has to say about the product.  The product MRP is Rs. 2495 but you can find this at Flipkart and other ecommerce websites a lot cheaper. The product packet comes with the following contents: Philips Satinelle Essential Epilator features: I used the product over the weekend and also asked my sister to use it and we both came to the conclusion that it doesn’t beat the comfort and time efficiency of a waxing session or the easiness of shaving. But in case, you are travelling or are not living close to a parlour then it can take care of your basic hair removal requirement. What I liked about the product: What I disliked about the product: Note: Slight pinching sensation is felt on the skin while using the product which might make you uncomfortable. Though it isn’t very bad. (Basically, hair is pulled out from the roots) This isn’t anything new for people who have already used epilators.  Will I recommend it to you? If you don’t like going to your local parlour for a quick waxing session and are not comfortable shaving your arms and legs often then go for it. It might take much longer but it uproots visibly longer hair and gives you clean skin for a longer duration as compared to shaving. Use talc to get a good grip on smaller hair. Have you used an epilator before? What do you think about Philips Satinelle Essential Epilator? Do leave a comment below. Philips recently sent me their latest Satinelle Essential epilator to review which is being promoted by Aalia Bhatt. Look here what Aalia has to say about the product.  The product MRP is Rs. 2495 but you can find this at Flipkart and other ecommerce websites a lot cheaper. The product packet comes with the following contents: Philips Satinelle Essential Epilator features: I used the product over the weekend and also asked my sister to use it and we both came to the conclusion that it doesn’t beat the comfort and time efficiency of a waxing session or the easiness of shaving. But in case, you are travelling or are not living close to a parlour then it can take care of your basic hair removal requirement. What I liked about the product: What I disliked about the product: Note: Slight pinching sensation is felt on the skin while using the product which might make you uncomfortable. Though it isn’t very bad. (Basically, hair is pulled out from the roots) This isn’t anything new for people who have already used epilators.  Will I recommend it to you? If you don’t like going to your local parlour for a quick waxing session and are not comfortable shaving your arms and legs often then go for it. It might take much longer but it uproots visibly longer hair and gives you clean skin for a longer duration as compared to shaving. Use talc to get a good grip on smaller hair. Have you used an epilator before? What do you think about Philips Satinelle Essential Epilator? Do leave a comment below. Philips recently sent me their latest Satinelle Essential epilator to review which is being promoted by Aalia Bhatt. Look here what Aalia has to say about the product.  The product MRP is Rs. 2495 but you can find this at Flipkart and other ecommerce websites a lot cheaper. The product packet comes with the following contents: Philips Satinelle Essential Epilator features: I used the product over the weekend and also asked my sister to use it and we both came to the conclusion that it doesn’t beat the comfort and time efficiency of a waxing session or the easiness of shaving. But in case, you are travelling or are not living close to a parlour then it can take care of your basic hair removal requirement. What I liked about the product: What I disliked about the product: Note: Slight pinching sensation is felt on the skin while using the product which might make you uncomfortable. Though it isn’t very bad. (Basically, hair is pulled out from the roots) This isn’t anything new for people who have already used epilators.  Will I recommend it to you? If you don’t like going to your local parlour for a quick waxing session and are not comfortable shaving your arms and legs often then go for it. It might take much longer but it uproots visibly longer hair and gives you clean skin for a longer duration as compared to shaving. Use talc to get a good grip on smaller hair. Have you used an epilator before? What do you think about Philips Satinelle Essential Epilator? Do leave a comment below. Craftsvilla.com is going to celebrate World Ethnic Day on 19 June. It has roped in famous bollywood actress Vidya Balan to be the face of this special event. “By celebrating World Ethnic Day, we get an opportunity to go back to our roots. I feel strongly about the dying art of handlooms in the country, and also about the plight of artisans who are struggling for livelihood. I am delighted with the opportunity to spread awareness about it,” Vidya said in a statement. “ World Ethnic Day is a concept that came out of the passion and vision of Craftsvilla.com, India’s largest online marketplace for ethnic products.  It is a way to celebrate unique cultures of the world on a single day in unison.”, said Monica Gupta, co-founder Craftsvilla.com.  I was glad to see a dedicated website promoting Indian wear, traditional designs, jewellery, crafts and more. I went through the website to see what it had to offer and was surprised to find many trendy designs in the ethnic wear section. Here is a list of what I liked. 1. The teal coloured net anarkali with sequins at the bust area is ideal for summer afternoons. The light and flirty fabric with floral print looks pretty sassy and smart. It will look good on anyone who wants a youthful appeal. This pretty anarkali is all for Rs. 999. Can you beat that? Here is the link to buy.  2. This pink halter neck floor length anarkali in georgette is flowy and airy and is ideal for summers. This can alternatively work as a casual party gown. I love the pastel pink colour which enhances the Indian complexion. This beautiful ensemble is for Rs. 999 as well. What a steal! Here is a link to buy.  3. Dark pink, white and black ghagra choli with golden thread work is absolutely fantastic. It is excellent for a fashionista looking for some ethnic inspiration on a traditional day. Look how gorgeous Chitrangadha Singh looks in this. The intricate work on this dress looks pretty impressive. Isn’t it? This classy ensemble will cost you Rs. 2999. Here is a link to buy.  4. I absolutely love these gorgeous gold plated anklets with Kundan work. You got pretty feet? Then flaunt them in these beautiful trinkets with your ethnic wear. This is for Rs. 950. Here is a link to buy.  5. Want to store your baubles in a trendy looking box? Then do check out this lovely wood shelf case with heart-shaped knobs. How cute does it look? It will cost Rs. 2801. Here is a link to buy.  6. Gorgeous jewellery for heavy party wear is also available on Crafsvilla.com. Look at this set complete with maang-tika. It is pretty neat.    7. Look at this peach, grey saari with black sequined border. This looks so fashionable with a perfect hint of glamour. It can be an excellent party wear. This is for Rs. 999. Here is the link to buy it.    What to you guys think about this collection? Do leave a comment below. Craftsvilla.com is going to celebrate World Ethnic Day on 19 June. It has roped in famous bollywood actress Vidya Balan to be the face of this special event. “By celebrating World Ethnic Day, we get an opportunity to go back to our roots. I feel strongly about the dying art of handlooms in the country, and also about the plight of artisans who are struggling for livelihood. I am delighted with the opportunity to spread awareness about it,” Vidya said in a statement. “ World Ethnic Day is a concept that came out of the passion and vision of Craftsvilla.com, India’s largest online marketplace for ethnic products.  It is a way to celebrate unique cultures of the world on a single day in unison.”, said Monica Gupta, co-founder Craftsvilla.com.  I was glad to see a dedicated website promoting Indian wear, traditional designs, jewellery, crafts and more. I went through the website to see what it had to offer and was surprised to find many trendy designs in the ethnic wear section. Here is a list of what I liked. 1. The teal coloured net anarkali with sequins at the bust area is ideal for summer afternoons. The light and flirty fabric with floral print looks pretty sassy and smart. It will look good on anyone who wants a youthful appeal. This pretty anarkali is all for Rs. 999. Can you beat that? Here is the link to buy.  2. This pink halter neck floor length anarkali in georgette is flowy and airy and is ideal for summers. This can alternatively work as a casual party gown. I love the pastel pink colour which enhances the Indian complexion. This beautiful ensemble is for Rs. 999 as well. What a steal! Here is a link to buy.  3. Dark pink, white and black ghagra choli with golden thread work is absolutely fantastic. It is excellent for a fashionista looking for some ethnic inspiration on a traditional day. Look how gorgeous Chitrangadha Singh looks in this. The intricate work on this dress looks pretty impressive. Isn’t it? This classy ensemble will cost you Rs. 2999. Here is a link to buy.  4. I absolutely love these gorgeous gold plated anklets with Kundan work. You got pretty feet? Then flaunt them in these beautiful trinkets with your ethnic wear. This is for Rs. 950. Here is a link to buy.  5. Want to store your baubles in a trendy looking box? Then do check out this lovely wood shelf case with heart-shaped knobs. How cute does it look? It will cost Rs. 2801. Here is a link to buy.  6. Gorgeous jewellery for heavy party wear is also available on Crafsvilla.com. Look at this set complete with maang-tika. It is pretty neat.    7. Look at this peach, grey saari with black sequined border. This looks so fashionable with a perfect hint of glamour. It can be an excellent party wear. This is for Rs. 999. Here is the link to buy it.    What to you guys think about this collection? Do leave a comment below. Craftsvilla.com is going to celebrate World Ethnic Day on 19 June. It has roped in famous bollywood actress Vidya Balan to be the face of this special event. “By celebrating World Ethnic Day, we get an opportunity to go back to our roots. I feel strongly about the dying art of handlooms in the country, and also about the plight of artisans who are struggling for livelihood. I am delighted with the opportunity to spread awareness about it,” Vidya said in a statement. “ World Ethnic Day is a concept that came out of the passion and vision of Craftsvilla.com, India’s largest online marketplace for ethnic products.  It is a way to celebrate unique cultures of the world on a single day in unison.”, said Monica Gupta, co-founder Craftsvilla.com.  I was glad to see a dedicated website promoting Indian wear, traditional designs, jewellery, crafts and more. I went through the website to see what it had to offer and was surprised to find many trendy designs in the ethnic wear section. Here is a list of what I liked. 1. The teal coloured net anarkali with sequins at the bust area is ideal for summer afternoons. The light and flirty fabric with floral print looks pretty sassy and smart. It will look good on anyone who wants a youthful appeal. This pretty anarkali is all for Rs. 999. Can you beat that? Here is the link to buy.  2. This pink halter neck floor length anarkali in georgette is flowy and airy and is ideal for summers. This can alternatively work as a casual party gown. I love the pastel pink colour which enhances the Indian complexion. This beautiful ensemble is for Rs. 999 as well. What a steal! Here is a link to buy.  3. Dark pink, white and black ghagra choli with golden thread work is absolutely fantastic. It is excellent for a fashionista looking for some ethnic inspiration on a traditional day. Look how gorgeous Chitrangadha Singh looks in this. The intricate work on this dress looks pretty impressive. Isn’t it? This classy ensemble will cost you Rs. 2999. Here is a link to buy.  4. I absolutely love these gorgeous gold plated anklets with Kundan work. You got pretty feet? Then flaunt them in these beautiful trinkets with your ethnic wear. This is for Rs. 950. Here is a link to buy.  5. Want to store your baubles in a trendy looking box? Then do check out this lovely wood shelf case with heart-shaped knobs. How cute does it look? It will cost Rs. 2801. Here is a link to buy.  6. Gorgeous jewellery for heavy party wear is also available on Crafsvilla.com. Look at this set complete with maang-tika. It is pretty neat.    7. Look at this peach, grey saari with black sequined border. This looks so fashionable with a perfect hint of glamour. It can be an excellent party wear. This is for Rs. 999. Here is the link to buy it.    What to you guys think about this collection? Do leave a comment below. Craftsvilla.com is going to celebrate World Ethnic Day on 19 June. It has roped in famous bollywood actress Vidya Balan to be the face of this special event. “By celebrating World Ethnic Day, we get an opportunity to go back to our roots. I feel strongly about the dying art of handlooms in the country, and also about the plight of artisans who are struggling for livelihood. I am delighted with the opportunity to spread awareness about it,” Vidya said in a statement. “ World Ethnic Day is a concept that came out of the passion and vision of Craftsvilla.com, India’s largest online marketplace for ethnic products.  It is a way to celebrate unique cultures of the world on a single day in unison.”, said Monica Gupta, co-founder Craftsvilla.com.  I was glad to see a dedicated website promoting Indian wear, traditional designs, jewellery, crafts and more. I went through the website to see what it had to offer and was surprised to find many trendy designs in the ethnic wear section. Here is a list of what I liked. 1. The teal coloured net anarkali with sequins at the bust area is ideal for summer afternoons. The light and flirty fabric with floral print looks pretty sassy and smart. It will look good on anyone who wants a youthful appeal. This pretty anarkali is all for Rs. 999. Can you beat that? Here is the link to buy.  2. This pink halter neck floor length anarkali in georgette is flowy and airy and is ideal for summers. This can alternatively work as a casual party gown. I love the pastel pink colour which enhances the Indian complexion. This beautiful ensemble is for Rs. 999 as well. What a steal! Here is a link to buy.  3. Dark pink, white and black ghagra choli with golden thread work is absolutely fantastic. It is excellent for a fashionista looking for some ethnic inspiration on a traditional day. Look how gorgeous Chitrangadha Singh looks in this. The intricate work on this dress looks pretty impressive. Isn’t it? This classy ensemble will cost you Rs. 2999. Here is a link to buy.  4. I absolutely love these gorgeous gold plated anklets with Kundan work. You got pretty feet? Then flaunt them in these beautiful trinkets with your ethnic wear. This is for Rs. 950. Here is a link to buy.  5. Want to store your baubles in a trendy looking box? Then do check out this lovely wood shelf case with heart-shaped knobs. How cute does it look? It will cost Rs. 2801. Here is a link to buy.  6. Gorgeous jewellery for heavy party wear is also available on Crafsvilla.com. Look at this set complete with maang-tika. It is pretty neat.    7. Look at this peach, grey saari with black sequined border. This looks so fashionable with a perfect hint of glamour. It can be an excellent party wear. This is for Rs. 999. Here is the link to buy it.    What to you guys think about this collection? Do leave a comment below. Mumbaigloss was part of the #9wBloggerHunt where I got a chance to choose Nine West India’s best of accessories and shoes from their Spring Summer 2015 collection. The contest gave me an opportunity to shoot at their Palladium store where I chose three products from their SS’15 collection. It was a fun shoot with Fashion Most Wanted team who helped me with the images required for my post. While styling myself for the shoot I had a few things on my mind. I wanted the complete look to be low maintenance yet fun. Summer means outdoors, barbeques, sun dresses, bright colours, florals and wedges. And that is what I aimed to achieve in my style. Yes, I love wedge and platform shoes. Firstly, I find them convenient, especially with a toddler in tow.  I can run behind my toddler in these without many ouch moments. Secondly, they provide height to my petite frame that automatically makes me look leaner and taller. Styling is all about experimenting and presenting oneself confidently in whatever shape or size one might be. So I set myself up for this challenge by choosing the right accessories and shoes from Nine West which were stylish yet comfortable. I love Maxi dresses for the summers and this Guess Maxi dress just gave me the right start to a summer glam look. With a knee high slit and a halter neckline it looked sassy. The floral print in white, blue and pink was perfect to go with my complexion. I chose a white wedge heel and a hot pink clutch to go with it. The white wedge was extremely comfortable to walk. I loved it from the moment I put them on. I think these will look great even with a rolled up denim. The hot pink clutch looked great and had many pockets making it a functional bag to carry quite a lot of stuff including lipstick, mobile phone as well as wet wipes (All the mums can cheer now!). Make up was done by Inglot artists and they used blue and pinks on eyes and lips to complete the look. I am glad they took me out of my comfort zone where I usually try to play safe and used such bright colours to match the dress. It looked sultry but not loud. I was happy with the outcome. Later, I was going through their collection when I spotted these beauties. These platform shoes can be another stylish addition to my wardrobe. These shoes can be easily paired with sun dresses. (Like Amal Clooney who usually wears summer dresses with wedges and platforms). It will give poise and confidence to my strut as I won’t be trying to balance my body weight on them. Ha ha ha! Yes, I am no supermodel who can run a marathon in pencil heels. For me comfort comes first and Nine West shoes provided me exactly what I was looking for – comfort with style. I also loved the summer hues in their bags which varied from light pinks to purples apart from usual monochromes and nudes.  What do you think about my look? Do you like what I am wearing? Do leave a comment below. Mumbaigloss was part of the #9wBloggerHunt where I got a chance to choose Nine West India’s best of accessories and shoes from their Spring Summer 2015 collection. The contest gave me an opportunity to shoot at their Palladium store where I chose three products from their SS’15 collection. It was a fun shoot with Fashion Most Wanted team who helped me with the images required for my post. While styling myself for the shoot I had a few things on my mind. I wanted the complete look to be low maintenance yet fun. Summer means outdoors, barbeques, sun dresses, bright colours, florals and wedges. And that is what I aimed to achieve in my style. Yes, I love wedge and platform shoes. Firstly, I find them convenient, especially with a toddler in tow.  I can run behind my toddler in these without many ouch moments. Secondly, they provide height to my petite frame that automatically makes me look leaner and taller. Styling is all about experimenting and presenting oneself confidently in whatever shape or size one might be. So I set myself up for this challenge by choosing the right accessories and shoes from Nine West which were stylish yet comfortable. I love Maxi dresses for the summers and this Guess Maxi dress just gave me the right start to a summer glam look. With a knee high slit and a halter neckline it looked sassy. The floral print in white, blue and pink was perfect to go with my complexion. I chose a white wedge heel and a hot pink clutch to go with it. The white wedge was extremely comfortable to walk. I loved it from the moment I put them on. I think these will look great even with a rolled up denim. The hot pink clutch looked great and had many pockets making it a functional bag to carry quite a lot of stuff including lipstick, mobile phone as well as wet wipes (All the mums can cheer now!). Make up was done by Inglot artists and they used blue and pinks on eyes and lips to complete the look. I am glad they took me out of my comfort zone where I usually try to play safe and used such bright colours to match the dress. It looked sultry but not loud. I was happy with the outcome. Later, I was going through their collection when I spotted these beauties. These platform shoes can be another stylish addition to my wardrobe. These shoes can be easily paired with sun dresses. (Like Amal Clooney who usually wears summer dresses with wedges and platforms). It will give poise and confidence to my strut as I won’t be trying to balance my body weight on them. Ha ha ha! Yes, I am no supermodel who can run a marathon in pencil heels. For me comfort comes first and Nine West shoes provided me exactly what I was looking for – comfort with style. I also loved the summer hues in their bags which varied from light pinks to purples apart from usual monochromes and nudes.  What do you think about my look? Do you like what I am wearing? Do leave a comment below. Mumbaigloss was part of the #9wBloggerHunt where I got a chance to choose Nine West India’s best of accessories and shoes from their Spring Summer 2015 collection. The contest gave me an opportunity to shoot at their Palladium store where I chose three products from their SS’15 collection. It was a fun shoot with Fashion Most Wanted team who helped me with the images required for my post. While styling myself for the shoot I had a few things on my mind. I wanted the complete look to be low maintenance yet fun. Summer means outdoors, barbeques, sun dresses, bright colours, florals and wedges. And that is what I aimed to achieve in my style. Yes, I love wedge and platform shoes. Firstly, I find them convenient, especially with a toddler in tow.  I can run behind my toddler in these without many ouch moments. Secondly, they provide height to my petite frame that automatically makes me look leaner and taller. Styling is all about experimenting and presenting oneself confidently in whatever shape or size one might be. So I set myself up for this challenge by choosing the right accessories and shoes from Nine West which were stylish yet comfortable. I love Maxi dresses for the summers and this Guess Maxi dress just gave me the right start to a summer glam look. With a knee high slit and a halter neckline it looked sassy. The floral print in white, blue and pink was perfect to go with my complexion. I chose a white wedge heel and a hot pink clutch to go with it. The white wedge was extremely comfortable to walk. I loved it from the moment I put them on. I think these will look great even with a rolled up denim. The hot pink clutch looked great and had many pockets making it a functional bag to carry quite a lot of stuff including lipstick, mobile phone as well as wet wipes (All the mums can cheer now!). Make up was done by Inglot artists and they used blue and pinks on eyes and lips to complete the look. I am glad they took me out of my comfort zone where I usually try to play safe and used such bright colours to match the dress. It looked sultry but not loud. I was happy with the outcome. Later, I was going through their collection when I spotted these beauties. These platform shoes can be another stylish addition to my wardrobe. These shoes can be easily paired with sun dresses. (Like Amal Clooney who usually wears summer dresses with wedges and platforms). It will give poise and confidence to my strut as I won’t be trying to balance my body weight on them. Ha ha ha! Yes, I am no supermodel who can run a marathon in pencil heels. For me comfort comes first and Nine West shoes provided me exactly what I was looking for – comfort with style. I also loved the summer hues in their bags which varied from light pinks to purples apart from usual monochromes and nudes.  What do you think about my look? Do you like what I am wearing? Do leave a comment below. Mumbaigloss was part of the #9wBloggerHunt where I got a chance to choose Nine West India’s best of accessories and shoes from their Spring Summer 2015 collection. The contest gave me an opportunity to shoot at their Palladium store where I chose three products from their SS’15 collection. It was a fun shoot with Fashion Most Wanted team who helped me with the images required for my post. While styling myself for the shoot I had a few things on my mind. I wanted the complete look to be low maintenance yet fun. Summer means outdoors, barbeques, sun dresses, bright colours, florals and wedges. And that is what I aimed to achieve in my style. Yes, I love wedge and platform shoes. Firstly, I find them convenient, especially with a toddler in tow.  I can run behind my toddler in these without many ouch moments. Secondly, they provide height to my petite frame that automatically makes me look leaner and taller. Styling is all about experimenting and presenting oneself confidently in whatever shape or size one might be. So I set myself up for this challenge by choosing the right accessories and shoes from Nine West which were stylish yet comfortable. I love Maxi dresses for the summers and this Guess Maxi dress just gave me the right start to a summer glam look. With a knee high slit and a halter neckline it looked sassy. The floral print in white, blue and pink was perfect to go with my complexion. I chose a white wedge heel and a hot pink clutch to go with it. The white wedge was extremely comfortable to walk. I loved it from the moment I put them on. I think these will look great even with a rolled up denim. The hot pink clutch looked great and had many pockets making it a functional bag to carry quite a lot of stuff including lipstick, mobile phone as well as wet wipes (All the mums can cheer now!). Make up was done by Inglot artists and they used blue and pinks on eyes and lips to complete the look. I am glad they took me out of my comfort zone where I usually try to play safe and used such bright colours to match the dress. It looked sultry but not loud. I was happy with the outcome. Later, I was going through their collection when I spotted these beauties. These platform shoes can be another stylish addition to my wardrobe. These shoes can be easily paired with sun dresses. (Like Amal Clooney who usually wears summer dresses with wedges and platforms). It will give poise and confidence to my strut as I won’t be trying to balance my body weight on them. Ha ha ha! Yes, I am no supermodel who can run a marathon in pencil heels. For me comfort comes first and Nine West shoes provided me exactly what I was looking for – comfort with style. I also loved the summer hues in their bags which varied from light pinks to purples apart from usual monochromes and nudes.  What do you think about my look? Do you like what I am wearing? Do leave a comment below. (Images from various online portals) Like every year, Cannes Film Festival 2015 has also brought us some amazing fashion moments. European tabloids are going gaga over Kendel Jenner’s dress. But to me it was run-of-the-mill stuff. Of course, Kendel Jenner is one of the most searched celebs from the Kardashian clan and even if any member from their family sneezes, it becomes a news. So I wasn’t surprized when her black crop top and skirt (more like Indian ghagra choli) started getting rave reviews. But coming to Indian celebs currently at the French town, Sonam Kapoor tried to take fashion risks this year which just backfired. Her cobalt blue Ralph & Russo dress and the feathery green Elie Saab gown, both were not red carpet favourites. The cobalt blue nearly washed out her complexion making her look sick in few frames. The makeup artist should have paid attention. Though her hair looked fab. Her Abu Jani Sandeep Khosla Black and gold brocade dress was too vintage, yet was eye catching. Fashion is all about experimenting so I can say lady, you haven’t lost it all. Keep trying and next time beat up the fashion blues. (Literally) Katrina Kaif was a first timer so we ought to give her some leeway. Her towering look in red lace Elie Saab with a 10 inch heel didn’t get her any brownie points. It was very orthodox for her age. Or maybe she was adhering to some ‘Kapoor Bahu’ protocols. Her black and beige Oscar De La Renta gown was nothing extraordinary either. The makeup was looking drab as she tried to pull together a Kim Kardashian pale lips and dark eyes look. She looks great in pinks and should have tried something in that colour family. Though I liked her daytime Milly black and white dress. Aishwarya Rai never fails to surprize. Her last few years at Cannes have been anything but boring.  This time she chose a teal Elie Saab gown which was fun and flirty but not classy. I was a bit disappointed with that choice for her red carpet appearance. Moreover, she chose a Sabyasaachi dress for one of her day looks which made her look like a palatial rose garden. The dress made her look older than she is. But later she appeared in more polished looks that made up for that disappointment.  I loved her Ralph & Russo structured white and black gown with embellishments. It had drama, it had class and it looked perfect for a high-octane red carpet event like Cannes Film Festival. I also loved her burgundy Oscar De La Renta gown for the Jazbaa photocall. The colour looked rich and made her appear younger in the backdrop of the French Riviera. No wonder she is still the most sought after celebrity for brand associations. Apart from these Bollywood beauties, Richa Chaddha was seen promoting her movie Masaan, which received a standing ovation at the premier. Sabyasaachi saari looked fabulous on her. Apart from these Bollywood beauties there were many international artists who appeared in astonishingly beautiful and stylish dresses this year. Here is a glimpse of the stylistas who looked fabulous in Cannes 2015 according to me. 1. Li Bing Bing in Zuhair Murad from his Spring Couture collection. Just out from a fairy tale. 2. Rooney Mara and Cate Blanchett in laser cut Alexander McQueen dress and jacket. They epitomise Ying and Yang. 3. Miranda Kerr in Emanuel Ungaro bubble gum pink gown. She looks delicious. 4. Li Bing Bing in Elie Saab gown with pearl details. Class apart. 5. 77 year old Jane Fonda in white suit and statement necklace. Proves age is no bar when it comes to tasteful fashion. 6. Cate Blanchett in black low neck Armani Prive gown with a kimono like broad belt. Poise! 7. UK pop star Cheryl Fernandez Vercini wore a beautiful Ralph & Russo couture dress. Dreamy! 8. Lupita Nyongo wore Gucci jade green gown complete with embroidered crystals and silk flowers. She knows what looks good on her. 9. Doutzen Kroes in cut-out Atelier Versace gown with thigh-high split. Daring and sexy! 10. Cate Blanchett in Giles strapless gown. That Cinderella moment! What do you think about these dresses? Did I miss out on any beautiful dress from Cannes 2015? Leave a comment below. (Images from various online portals) Like every year, Cannes Film Festival 2015 has also brought us some amazing fashion moments. European tabloids are going gaga over Kendel Jenner’s dress. But to me it was run-of-the-mill stuff. Of course, Kendel Jenner is one of the most searched celebs from the Kardashian clan and even if any member from their family sneezes, it becomes a news. So I wasn’t surprized when her black crop top and skirt (more like Indian ghagra choli) started getting rave reviews. But coming to Indian celebs currently at the French town, Sonam Kapoor tried to take fashion risks this year which just backfired. Her cobalt blue Ralph & Russo dress and the feathery green Elie Saab gown, both were not red carpet favourites. The cobalt blue nearly washed out her complexion making her look sick in few frames. The makeup artist should have paid attention. Though her hair looked fab. Her Abu Jani Sandeep Khosla Black and gold brocade dress was too vintage, yet was eye catching. Fashion is all about experimenting so I can say lady, you haven’t lost it all. Keep trying and next time beat up the fashion blues. (Literally) Katrina Kaif was a first timer so we ought to give her some leeway. Her towering look in red lace Elie Saab with a 10 inch heel didn’t get her any brownie points. It was very orthodox for her age. Or maybe she was adhering to some ‘Kapoor Bahu’ protocols. Her black and beige Oscar De La Renta gown was nothing extraordinary either. The makeup was looking drab as she tried to pull together a Kim Kardashian pale lips and dark eyes look. She looks great in pinks and should have tried something in that colour family. Though I liked her daytime Milly black and white dress. Aishwarya Rai never fails to surprize. Her last few years at Cannes have been anything but boring.  This time she chose a teal Elie Saab gown which was fun and flirty but not classy. I was a bit disappointed with that choice for her red carpet appearance. Moreover, she chose a Sabyasaachi dress for one of her day looks which made her look like a palatial rose garden. The dress made her look older than she is. But later she appeared in more polished looks that made up for that disappointment.  I loved her Ralph & Russo structured white and black gown with embellishments. It had drama, it had class and it looked perfect for a high-octane red carpet event like Cannes Film Festival. I also loved her burgundy Oscar De La Renta gown for the Jazbaa photocall. The colour looked rich and made her appear younger in the backdrop of the French Riviera. No wonder she is still the most sought after celebrity for brand associations. Apart from these Bollywood beauties, Richa Chaddha was seen promoting her movie Masaan, which received a standing ovation at the premier. Sabyasaachi saari looked fabulous on her. Apart from these Bollywood beauties there were many international artists who appeared in astonishingly beautiful and stylish dresses this year. Here is a glimpse of the stylistas who looked fabulous in Cannes 2015 according to me. 1. Li Bing Bing in Zuhair Murad from his Spring Couture collection. Just out from a fairy tale. 2. Rooney Mara and Cate Blanchett in laser cut Alexander McQueen dress and jacket. They epitomise Ying and Yang. 3. Miranda Kerr in Emanuel Ungaro bubble gum pink gown. She looks delicious. 4. Li Bing Bing in Elie Saab gown with pearl details. Class apart. 5. 77 year old Jane Fonda in white suit and statement necklace. Proves age is no bar when it comes to tasteful fashion. 6. Cate Blanchett in black low neck Armani Prive gown with a kimono like broad belt. Poise! 7. UK pop star Cheryl Fernandez Vercini wore a beautiful Ralph & Russo couture dress. Dreamy! 8. Lupita Nyongo wore Gucci jade green gown complete with embroidered crystals and silk flowers. She knows what looks good on her. 9. Doutzen Kroes in cut-out Atelier Versace gown with thigh-high split. Daring and sexy! 10. Cate Blanchett in Giles strapless gown. That Cinderella moment! What do you think about these dresses? Did I miss out on any beautiful dress from Cannes 2015? Leave a comment below. (Images from various online portals) Like every year, Cannes Film Festival 2015 has also brought us some amazing fashion moments. European tabloids are going gaga over Kendel Jenner’s dress. But to me it was run-of-the-mill stuff. Of course, Kendel Jenner is one of the most searched celebs from the Kardashian clan and even if any member from their family sneezes, it becomes a news. So I wasn’t surprized when her black crop top and skirt (more like Indian ghagra choli) started getting rave reviews. But coming to Indian celebs currently at the French town, Sonam Kapoor tried to take fashion risks this year which just backfired. Her cobalt blue Ralph & Russo dress and the feathery green Elie Saab gown, both were not red carpet favourites. The cobalt blue nearly washed out her complexion making her look sick in few frames. The makeup artist should have paid attention. Though her hair looked fab. Her Abu Jani Sandeep Khosla Black and gold brocade dress was too vintage, yet was eye catching. Fashion is all about experimenting so I can say lady, you haven’t lost it all. Keep trying and next time beat up the fashion blues. (Literally) Katrina Kaif was a first timer so we ought to give her some leeway. Her towering look in red lace Elie Saab with a 10 inch heel didn’t get her any brownie points. It was very orthodox for her age. Or maybe she was adhering to some ‘Kapoor Bahu’ protocols. Her black and beige Oscar De La Renta gown was nothing extraordinary either. The makeup was looking drab as she tried to pull together a Kim Kardashian pale lips and dark eyes look. She looks great in pinks and should have tried something in that colour family. Though I liked her daytime Milly black and white dress. Aishwarya Rai never fails to surprize. Her last few years at Cannes have been anything but boring.  This time she chose a teal Elie Saab gown which was fun and flirty but not classy. I was a bit disappointed with that choice for her red carpet appearance. Moreover, she chose a Sabyasaachi dress for one of her day looks which made her look like a palatial rose garden. The dress made her look older than she is. But later she appeared in more polished looks that made up for that disappointment.  I loved her Ralph & Russo structured white and black gown with embellishments. It had drama, it had class and it looked perfect for a high-octane red carpet event like Cannes Film Festival. I also loved her burgundy Oscar De La Renta gown for the Jazbaa photocall. The colour looked rich and made her appear younger in the backdrop of the French Riviera. No wonder she is still the most sought after celebrity for brand associations. Apart from these Bollywood beauties, Richa Chaddha was seen promoting her movie Masaan, which received a standing ovation at the premier. Sabyasaachi saari looked fabulous on her. Apart from these Bollywood beauties there were many international artists who appeared in astonishingly beautiful and stylish dresses this year. Here is a glimpse of the stylistas who looked fabulous in Cannes 2015 according to me. 1. Li Bing Bing in Zuhair Murad from his Spring Couture collection. Just out from a fairy tale. 2. Rooney Mara and Cate Blanchett in laser cut Alexander McQueen dress and jacket. They epitomise Ying and Yang. 3. Miranda Kerr in Emanuel Ungaro bubble gum pink gown. She looks delicious. 4. Li Bing Bing in Elie Saab gown with pearl details. Class apart. 5. 77 year old Jane Fonda in white suit and statement necklace. Proves age is no bar when it comes to tasteful fashion. 6. Cate Blanchett in black low neck Armani Prive gown with a kimono like broad belt. Poise! 7. UK pop star Cheryl Fernandez Vercini wore a beautiful Ralph & Russo couture dress. Dreamy! 8. Lupita Nyongo wore Gucci jade green gown complete with embroidered crystals and silk flowers. She knows what looks good on her. 9. Doutzen Kroes in cut-out Atelier Versace gown with thigh-high split. Daring and sexy! 10. Cate Blanchett in Giles strapless gown. That Cinderella moment! What do you think about these dresses? Did I miss out on any beautiful dress from Cannes 2015? Leave a comment below. (Images from various online portals) Like every year, Cannes Film Festival 2015 has also brought us some amazing fashion moments. European tabloids are going gaga over Kendel Jenner’s dress. But to me it was run-of-the-mill stuff. Of course, Kendel Jenner is one of the most searched celebs from the Kardashian clan and even if any member from their family sneezes, it becomes a news. So I wasn’t surprized when her black crop top and skirt (more like Indian ghagra choli) started getting rave reviews. But coming to Indian celebs currently at the French town, Sonam Kapoor tried to take fashion risks this year which just backfired. Her cobalt blue Ralph & Russo dress and the feathery green Elie Saab gown, both were not red carpet favourites. The cobalt blue nearly washed out her complexion making her look sick in few frames. The makeup artist should have paid attention. Though her hair looked fab. Her Abu Jani Sandeep Khosla Black and gold brocade dress was too vintage, yet was eye catching. Fashion is all about experimenting so I can say lady, you haven’t lost it all. Keep trying and next time beat up the fashion blues. (Literally) Katrina Kaif was a first timer so we ought to give her some leeway. Her towering look in red lace Elie Saab with a 10 inch heel didn’t get her any brownie points. It was very orthodox for her age. Or maybe she was adhering to some ‘Kapoor Bahu’ protocols. Her black and beige Oscar De La Renta gown was nothing extraordinary either. The makeup was looking drab as she tried to pull together a Kim Kardashian pale lips and dark eyes look. She looks great in pinks and should have tried something in that colour family. Though I liked her daytime Milly black and white dress. Aishwarya Rai never fails to surprize. Her last few years at Cannes have been anything but boring.  This time she chose a teal Elie Saab gown which was fun and flirty but not classy. I was a bit disappointed with that choice for her red carpet appearance. Moreover, she chose a Sabyasaachi dress for one of her day looks which made her look like a palatial rose garden. The dress made her look older than she is. But later she appeared in more polished looks that made up for that disappointment.  I loved her Ralph & Russo structured white and black gown with embellishments. It had drama, it had class and it looked perfect for a high-octane red carpet event like Cannes Film Festival. I also loved her burgundy Oscar De La Renta gown for the Jazbaa photocall. The colour looked rich and made her appear younger in the backdrop of the French Riviera. No wonder she is still the most sought after celebrity for brand associations. Apart from these Bollywood beauties, Richa Chaddha was seen promoting her movie Masaan, which received a standing ovation at the premier. Sabyasaachi saari looked fabulous on her. Apart from these Bollywood beauties there were many international artists who appeared in astonishingly beautiful and stylish dresses this year. Here is a glimpse of the stylistas who looked fabulous in Cannes 2015 according to me. 1. Li Bing Bing in Zuhair Murad from his Spring Couture collection. Just out from a fairy tale. 2. Rooney Mara and Cate Blanchett in laser cut Alexander McQueen dress and jacket. They epitomise Ying and Yang. 3. Miranda Kerr in Emanuel Ungaro bubble gum pink gown. She looks delicious. 4. Li Bing Bing in Elie Saab gown with pearl details. Class apart. 5. 77 year old Jane Fonda in white suit and statement necklace. Proves age is no bar when it comes to tasteful fashion. 6. Cate Blanchett in black low neck Armani Prive gown with a kimono like broad belt. Poise! 7. UK pop star Cheryl Fernandez Vercini wore a beautiful Ralph & Russo couture dress. Dreamy! 8. Lupita Nyongo wore Gucci jade green gown complete with embroidered crystals and silk flowers. She knows what looks good on her. 9. Doutzen Kroes in cut-out Atelier Versace gown with thigh-high split. Daring and sexy! 10. Cate Blanchett in Giles strapless gown. That Cinderella moment! What do you think about these dresses? Did I miss out on any beautiful dress from Cannes 2015? Leave a comment below. Mumbaigloss recently spoke to nutritionist Janvi Chitalia (jkchitalia@gmail.com) on the reasons why people leave their diet plans mid-way. Why they do not pursue their weight loss journey till the end? We all have tried to lose weight in different degrees. Some even succeed but only to regain what was lost with a vengeance. Disheartened and discouraged, we leave our efforts to remain fit mid-way. A lot of tips are written around how to lose weight but no one really reflects on why an individual gives up on his/her weight loss journey. The most common reasons for giving up on a program starts from • Lack of motivation • Extreme feeling of deprivation from not eating ones favourite food • The need to fit in socially (whist the rest of the people are eating) • The need to keep ones weight loss effort a secret • Emotional eating • The need to let go and not feel responsible all the time for one’s weight • A sense of overconfidence once the goal is achieved ( to feel that a little out of control eating won’t  harm anyone) So, in effect, weight loss starts with your mind. When you are able to control the negative thoughts and start on a productive journey. Remember, weight loss is a personal goal and you are doing it for yourself, for your own health and no one else. Weight loss will make your feel better, agile and healthy. Self-motivation is the best motivation. To stick to a diet and exercise programme, one should: • Focus on lifestyle change. It is more like a marathon than a sprint.  You should not aim to lose weight as a short term goal for a wedding or birthday. You should make eating healthy and exercising regularly a habit. • Secondly, it is a must to cheat as much as it is to follow the diet. The key is to cheat with a meal of your choice 2 times a week without feeling guilty to keep you motivated. Follow the 80/20 rule. Eat healthy 80 per cent of the time, rest indulge in the 20 per cent of your eating expeditions. • Further, it would help to shift focus on the benefits of health rather than focussing on weight loss goals. A dietary program or a dietary regimen can help increase blood circulation, help in increasing anti-ageing properties in your body, in controlling medical conditions, and reduce stress levels of the body. • Emotional eating can have adverse effects in the long run. Redirecting one’s stress to productive activities is a solution to this problem. Go run, put on some music and dance, go for a spa instead of reaching out for a pack of chips and a bottle of cola. Prepare healthy and fancy food at home like Lebanese salad from quinoa, cous cous with apricots, to satisfy your cravings. • Lapses in the diet are a part of the journey of weight loss. One does not need to pin down or demoralise oneself due to the lapses (inability to follow the diet consistently). The aim is to get back on track immediately once you make an unhealthy choice. It is a good idea to talk to your nutritionist to ask for alternate food which can satisfy your cravings and put you back on the fitness track. Go for herbal teas to take your mind off food. • Support from close friends and family need to be present. They need to exert polite and passive control over the individual on the diet plan rather than assertive control. It will help to motivate the individual for the consistent efforts. • It is important to create awareness for oneself when it comes to food choices but obsessing about it is not the right thing to do. Don’t feel you are being governed. Rather think as a way to enjoy life better. Only good food need not bring you happiness, there are other ways to stimulate your environment. • If you don’t like gym, sign up for Zumba or any other exercise classes of your choice. The idea is to move around, boosting your cardio health and in the process burn calories. • Always keep an eye on your portion size and drink at least 2-3 litres of water. To summarize, make the journey of weight loss as effective as possible even after you have reached your ideal weight and focus on maintenance with the same vigour. A little bit of indulgence is absolutely ok.  You should enjoy good health and good food without any guilt.   Mumbaigloss recently spoke to nutritionist Janvi Chitalia (jkchitalia@gmail.com) on the reasons why people leave their diet plans mid-way. Why they do not pursue their weight loss journey till the end? We all have tried to lose weight in different degrees. Some even succeed but only to regain what was lost with a vengeance. Disheartened and discouraged, we leave our efforts to remain fit mid-way. A lot of tips are written around how to lose weight but no one really reflects on why an individual gives up on his/her weight loss journey. The most common reasons for giving up on a program starts from • Lack of motivation • Extreme feeling of deprivation from not eating ones favourite food • The need to fit in socially (whist the rest of the people are eating) • The need to keep ones weight loss effort a secret • Emotional eating • The need to let go and not feel responsible all the time for one’s weight • A sense of overconfidence once the goal is achieved ( to feel that a little out of control eating won’t  harm anyone) So, in effect, weight loss starts with your mind. When you are able to control the negative thoughts and start on a productive journey. Remember, weight loss is a personal goal and you are doing it for yourself, for your own health and no one else. Weight loss will make your feel better, agile and healthy. Self-motivation is the best motivation. To stick to a diet and exercise programme, one should: • Focus on lifestyle change. It is more like a marathon than a sprint.  You should not aim to lose weight as a short term goal for a wedding or birthday. You should make eating healthy and exercising regularly a habit. • Secondly, it is a must to cheat as much as it is to follow the diet. The key is to cheat with a meal of your choice 2 times a week without feeling guilty to keep you motivated. Follow the 80/20 rule. Eat healthy 80 per cent of the time, rest indulge in the 20 per cent of your eating expeditions. • Further, it would help to shift focus on the benefits of health rather than focussing on weight loss goals. A dietary program or a dietary regimen can help increase blood circulation, help in increasing anti-ageing properties in your body, in controlling medical conditions, and reduce stress levels of the body. • Emotional eating can have adverse effects in the long run. Redirecting one’s stress to productive activities is a solution to this problem. Go run, put on some music and dance, go for a spa instead of reaching out for a pack of chips and a bottle of cola. Prepare healthy and fancy food at home like Lebanese salad from quinoa, cous cous with apricots, to satisfy your cravings. • Lapses in the diet are a part of the journey of weight loss. One does not need to pin down or demoralise oneself due to the lapses (inability to follow the diet consistently). The aim is to get back on track immediately once you make an unhealthy choice. It is a good idea to talk to your nutritionist to ask for alternate food which can satisfy your cravings and put you back on the fitness track. Go for herbal teas to take your mind off food. • Support from close friends and family need to be present. They need to exert polite and passive control over the individual on the diet plan rather than assertive control. It will help to motivate the individual for the consistent efforts. • It is important to create awareness for oneself when it comes to food choices but obsessing about it is not the right thing to do. Don’t feel you are being governed. Rather think as a way to enjoy life better. Only good food need not bring you happiness, there are other ways to stimulate your environment. • If you don’t like gym, sign up for Zumba or any other exercise classes of your choice. The idea is to move around, boosting your cardio health and in the process burn calories. • Always keep an eye on your portion size and drink at least 2-3 litres of water. To summarize, make the journey of weight loss as effective as possible even after you have reached your ideal weight and focus on maintenance with the same vigour. A little bit of indulgence is absolutely ok.  You should enjoy good health and good food without any guilt.   Mumbaigloss recently spoke to nutritionist Janvi Chitalia (jkchitalia@gmail.com) on the reasons why people leave their diet plans mid-way. Why they do not pursue their weight loss journey till the end? We all have tried to lose weight in different degrees. Some even succeed but only to regain what was lost with a vengeance. Disheartened and discouraged, we leave our efforts to remain fit mid-way. A lot of tips are written around how to lose weight but no one really reflects on why an individual gives up on his/her weight loss journey. The most common reasons for giving up on a program starts from • Lack of motivation • Extreme feeling of deprivation from not eating ones favourite food • The need to fit in socially (whist the rest of the people are eating) • The need to keep ones weight loss effort a secret • Emotional eating • The need to let go and not feel responsible all the time for one’s weight • A sense of overconfidence once the goal is achieved ( to feel that a little out of control eating won’t  harm anyone) So, in effect, weight loss starts with your mind. When you are able to control the negative thoughts and start on a productive journey. Remember, weight loss is a personal goal and you are doing it for yourself, for your own health and no one else. Weight loss will make your feel better, agile and healthy. Self-motivation is the best motivation. To stick to a diet and exercise programme, one should: • Focus on lifestyle change. It is more like a marathon than a sprint.  You should not aim to lose weight as a short term goal for a wedding or birthday. You should make eating healthy and exercising regularly a habit. • Secondly, it is a must to cheat as much as it is to follow the diet. The key is to cheat with a meal of your choice 2 times a week without feeling guilty to keep you motivated. Follow the 80/20 rule. Eat healthy 80 per cent of the time, rest indulge in the 20 per cent of your eating expeditions. • Further, it would help to shift focus on the benefits of health rather than focussing on weight loss goals. A dietary program or a dietary regimen can help increase blood circulation, help in increasing anti-ageing properties in your body, in controlling medical conditions, and reduce stress levels of the body. • Emotional eating can have adverse effects in the long run. Redirecting one’s stress to productive activities is a solution to this problem. Go run, put on some music and dance, go for a spa instead of reaching out for a pack of chips and a bottle of cola. Prepare healthy and fancy food at home like Lebanese salad from quinoa, cous cous with apricots, to satisfy your cravings. • Lapses in the diet are a part of the journey of weight loss. One does not need to pin down or demoralise oneself due to the lapses (inability to follow the diet consistently). The aim is to get back on track immediately once you make an unhealthy choice. It is a good idea to talk to your nutritionist to ask for alternate food which can satisfy your cravings and put you back on the fitness track. Go for herbal teas to take your mind off food. • Support from close friends and family need to be present. They need to exert polite and passive control over the individual on the diet plan rather than assertive control. It will help to motivate the individual for the consistent efforts. • It is important to create awareness for oneself when it comes to food choices but obsessing about it is not the right thing to do. Don’t feel you are being governed. Rather think as a way to enjoy life better. Only good food need not bring you happiness, there are other ways to stimulate your environment. • If you don’t like gym, sign up for Zumba or any other exercise classes of your choice. The idea is to move around, boosting your cardio health and in the process burn calories. • Always keep an eye on your portion size and drink at least 2-3 litres of water. To summarize, make the journey of weight loss as effective as possible even after you have reached your ideal weight and focus on maintenance with the same vigour. A little bit of indulgence is absolutely ok.  You should enjoy good health and good food without any guilt.   Mumbaigloss recently spoke to nutritionist Janvi Chitalia (jkchitalia@gmail.com) on the reasons why people leave their diet plans mid-way. Why they do not pursue their weight loss journey till the end? We all have tried to lose weight in different degrees. Some even succeed but only to regain what was lost with a vengeance. Disheartened and discouraged, we leave our efforts to remain fit mid-way. A lot of tips are written around how to lose weight but no one really reflects on why an individual gives up on his/her weight loss journey. The most common reasons for giving up on a program starts from • Lack of motivation • Extreme feeling of deprivation from not eating ones favourite food • The need to fit in socially (whist the rest of the people are eating) • The need to keep ones weight loss effort a secret • Emotional eating • The need to let go and not feel responsible all the time for one’s weight • A sense of overconfidence once the goal is achieved ( to feel that a little out of control eating won’t  harm anyone) So, in effect, weight loss starts with your mind. When you are able to control the negative thoughts and start on a productive journey. Remember, weight loss is a personal goal and you are doing it for yourself, for your own health and no one else. Weight loss will make your feel better, agile and healthy. Self-motivation is the best motivation. To stick to a diet and exercise programme, one should: • Focus on lifestyle change. It is more like a marathon than a sprint.  You should not aim to lose weight as a short term goal for a wedding or birthday. You should make eating healthy and exercising regularly a habit. • Secondly, it is a must to cheat as much as it is to follow the diet. The key is to cheat with a meal of your choice 2 times a week without feeling guilty to keep you motivated. Follow the 80/20 rule. Eat healthy 80 per cent of the time, rest indulge in the 20 per cent of your eating expeditions. • Further, it would help to shift focus on the benefits of health rather than focussing on weight loss goals. A dietary program or a dietary regimen can help increase blood circulation, help in increasing anti-ageing properties in your body, in controlling medical conditions, and reduce stress levels of the body. • Emotional eating can have adverse effects in the long run. Redirecting one’s stress to productive activities is a solution to this problem. Go run, put on some music and dance, go for a spa instead of reaching out for a pack of chips and a bottle of cola. Prepare healthy and fancy food at home like Lebanese salad from quinoa, cous cous with apricots, to satisfy your cravings. • Lapses in the diet are a part of the journey of weight loss. One does not need to pin down or demoralise oneself due to the lapses (inability to follow the diet consistently). The aim is to get back on track immediately once you make an unhealthy choice. It is a good idea to talk to your nutritionist to ask for alternate food which can satisfy your cravings and put you back on the fitness track. Go for herbal teas to take your mind off food. • Support from close friends and family need to be present. They need to exert polite and passive control over the individual on the diet plan rather than assertive control. It will help to motivate the individual for the consistent efforts. • It is important to create awareness for oneself when it comes to food choices but obsessing about it is not the right thing to do. Don’t feel you are being governed. Rather think as a way to enjoy life better. Only good food need not bring you happiness, there are other ways to stimulate your environment. • If you don’t like gym, sign up for Zumba or any other exercise classes of your choice. The idea is to move around, boosting your cardio health and in the process burn calories. • Always keep an eye on your portion size and drink at least 2-3 litres of water. To summarize, make the journey of weight loss as effective as possible even after you have reached your ideal weight and focus on maintenance with the same vigour. A little bit of indulgence is absolutely ok.  You should enjoy good health and good food without any guilt.   Amy Billimoria House of Design in association with Pankhti Shah opens its first store on the main street of Juhu/Juhu Tara Road on the 7th of May, following a two month architectural rendezvous. Amy has 21 years of experience in the fashion industry. She draws inspiration from travel with her personal favourites being Bali, Greece, Las Vegas, Switzerland and Turkey. This unique House Of Design is the vision of Designer Amy Billimoria who wanted to create a space housing the best in Design complementing her Pret and Couture label. ABHD houses Nidhi Munim for Swimwear, Jyoti Mukerji for Kids Wear, Meera Mahadevia for Handbags, Aura Art for exclusive art and sculptures, Farzad Billimoria for Headgears and Fascinators, Honey Homes and hair and makeup by Bharat and Dorris. The space designed by architect Farzad Billimoria extends over three levels. Jyoti Mukherjee is wife of Raja Mukherjee (Rani Mukherjee’s brother). In fact, Rani was present for the store opening. She looked gorgeous as ever. Amy Billimoria adds “The success of this design house lies in an ability to unite the best in design and creativity under a single roof.This is my dream to house the crème de la crème in design and create a new luxury niche in the heart of the city.” Location – Amy Billimoria House of Design, Pooja House, Next to Starbucks cafe, Juhu – Mumbai, Time – 10:00 AM to 9:00 PM If you stay near Juhu, do visit the store for some inspiring fashion collection. I personally liked Babita and Bhagyashree’s style. Drape style dresses look so chic on 40 plus women. What do you think?  Leave a comment below.   Amy Billimoria House of Design in association with Pankhti Shah opens its first store on the main street of Juhu/Juhu Tara Road on the 7th of May, following a two month architectural rendezvous. Amy has 21 years of experience in the fashion industry. She draws inspiration from travel with her personal favourites being Bali, Greece, Las Vegas, Switzerland and Turkey. This unique House Of Design is the vision of Designer Amy Billimoria who wanted to create a space housing the best in Design complementing her Pret and Couture label. ABHD houses Nidhi Munim for Swimwear, Jyoti Mukerji for Kids Wear, Meera Mahadevia for Handbags, Aura Art for exclusive art and sculptures, Farzad Billimoria for Headgears and Fascinators, Honey Homes and hair and makeup by Bharat and Dorris. The space designed by architect Farzad Billimoria extends over three levels. Jyoti Mukherjee is wife of Raja Mukherjee (Rani Mukherjee’s brother). In fact, Rani was present for the store opening. She looked gorgeous as ever. Amy Billimoria adds “The success of this design house lies in an ability to unite the best in design and creativity under a single roof.This is my dream to house the crème de la crème in design and create a new luxury niche in the heart of the city.” Location – Amy Billimoria House of Design, Pooja House, Next to Starbucks cafe, Juhu – Mumbai, Time – 10:00 AM to 9:00 PM If you stay near Juhu, do visit the store for some inspiring fashion collection. I personally liked Babita and Bhagyashree’s style. Drape style dresses look so chic on 40 plus women. What do you think?  Leave a comment below.   Amy Billimoria House of Design in association with Pankhti Shah opens its first store on the main street of Juhu/Juhu Tara Road on the 7th of May, following a two month architectural rendezvous. Amy has 21 years of experience in the fashion industry. She draws inspiration from travel with her personal favourites being Bali, Greece, Las Vegas, Switzerland and Turkey. This unique House Of Design is the vision of Designer Amy Billimoria who wanted to create a space housing the best in Design complementing her Pret and Couture label. ABHD houses Nidhi Munim for Swimwear, Jyoti Mukerji for Kids Wear, Meera Mahadevia for Handbags, Aura Art for exclusive art and sculptures, Farzad Billimoria for Headgears and Fascinators, Honey Homes and hair and makeup by Bharat and Dorris. The space designed by architect Farzad Billimoria extends over three levels. Jyoti Mukherjee is wife of Raja Mukherjee (Rani Mukherjee’s brother). In fact, Rani was present for the store opening. She looked gorgeous as ever. Amy Billimoria adds “The success of this design house lies in an ability to unite the best in design and creativity under a single roof.This is my dream to house the crème de la crème in design and create a new luxury niche in the heart of the city.” Location – Amy Billimoria House of Design, Pooja House, Next to Starbucks cafe, Juhu – Mumbai, Time – 10:00 AM to 9:00 PM If you stay near Juhu, do visit the store for some inspiring fashion collection. I personally liked Babita and Bhagyashree’s style. Drape style dresses look so chic on 40 plus women. What do you think?  Leave a comment below.   Amy Billimoria House of Design in association with Pankhti Shah opens its first store on the main street of Juhu/Juhu Tara Road on the 7th of May, following a two month architectural rendezvous. Amy has 21 years of experience in the fashion industry. She draws inspiration from travel with her personal favourites being Bali, Greece, Las Vegas, Switzerland and Turkey. This unique House Of Design is the vision of Designer Amy Billimoria who wanted to create a space housing the best in Design complementing her Pret and Couture label. ABHD houses Nidhi Munim for Swimwear, Jyoti Mukerji for Kids Wear, Meera Mahadevia for Handbags, Aura Art for exclusive art and sculptures, Farzad Billimoria for Headgears and Fascinators, Honey Homes and hair and makeup by Bharat and Dorris. The space designed by architect Farzad Billimoria extends over three levels. Jyoti Mukherjee is wife of Raja Mukherjee (Rani Mukherjee’s brother). In fact, Rani was present for the store opening. She looked gorgeous as ever. Amy Billimoria adds “The success of this design house lies in an ability to unite the best in design and creativity under a single roof.This is my dream to house the crème de la crème in design and create a new luxury niche in the heart of the city.” Location – Amy Billimoria House of Design, Pooja House, Next to Starbucks cafe, Juhu – Mumbai, Time – 10:00 AM to 9:00 PM If you stay near Juhu, do visit the store for some inspiring fashion collection. I personally liked Babita and Bhagyashree’s style. Drape style dresses look so chic on 40 plus women. What do you think?  Leave a comment below.   Mumbaigloss was invited to the most unfake party by Smrinoff last week. It was a pure EDM pleasure and I loved every bit of it.  The stadium was jam-packed with music lovers who were shaking at the international beats. I am glad that Smirnoff started with such a music festival. The company promotes youngsters to enjoy parties intelligently and drink responsibly. This is such a great message for the younger generation. Few celebs like TV actress Barkha Bisht and Kollywood actor Indraneil were seen enjoying the show. Smirnoff Experience, India’s most unfake Electronic Dance Music (EDM) festival is based on the philosophy that Real fun begins with Real People. Smirnoff Experience was launched in 2013 and is set to redefine the festival-going experience for the growing community of dance music lovers in the subcontinent.  Mumbai played host to the second edition of Smirnoff Experience Music Festival- India’s most unfake music extravaganza. The festival, headlined by Australian duo Knife Party and the masked enigma, The Bloody Beetroots, brought together thousands of music lovers at the NSCI Dome in Worli. Those attended were seen dropping the act, shedding all pretenses and enjoying a night of real fun and great music. This mesmeric evening also had performances by renowned Indian artists like Dualist Inquiry, Sandunes, Sound avatar and Kris Correya who set the tone for the evening.  The Neon signboards that echoed the #unfake mantra and the quirky Talking Mirror just added to the theme. The brilliantly designed Eagle stage was a visual treat which further complimented the smashing music at the Smirnoff Experience Music festival.  All in all, this was a party which promised #unfakeit theme, best on music, a visual sensory experience and overall, a real party for the real dance music lovers. Considering the way everyone present shed their pretences and danced the evening away this was one party which lived up to its billing. Enjoyed it thoroughly. Looking forward to the next one already. Mumbaigloss was invited to the most unfake party by Smrinoff last week. It was a pure EDM pleasure and I loved every bit of it.  The stadium was jam-packed with music lovers who were shaking at the international beats. I am glad that Smirnoff started with such a music festival. The company promotes youngsters to enjoy parties intelligently and drink responsibly. This is such a great message for the younger generation. Few celebs like TV actress Barkha Bisht and Kollywood actor Indraneil were seen enjoying the show. Smirnoff Experience, India’s most unfake Electronic Dance Music (EDM) festival is based on the philosophy that Real fun begins with Real People. Smirnoff Experience was launched in 2013 and is set to redefine the festival-going experience for the growing community of dance music lovers in the subcontinent.  Mumbai played host to the second edition of Smirnoff Experience Music Festival- India’s most unfake music extravaganza. The festival, headlined by Australian duo Knife Party and the masked enigma, The Bloody Beetroots, brought together thousands of music lovers at the NSCI Dome in Worli. Those attended were seen dropping the act, shedding all pretenses and enjoying a night of real fun and great music. This mesmeric evening also had performances by renowned Indian artists like Dualist Inquiry, Sandunes, Sound avatar and Kris Correya who set the tone for the evening.  The Neon signboards that echoed the #unfake mantra and the quirky Talking Mirror just added to the theme. The brilliantly designed Eagle stage was a visual treat which further complimented the smashing music at the Smirnoff Experience Music festival.  All in all, this was a party which promised #unfakeit theme, best on music, a visual sensory experience and overall, a real party for the real dance music lovers. Considering the way everyone present shed their pretences and danced the evening away this was one party which lived up to its billing. Enjoyed it thoroughly. Looking forward to the next one already. Mumbaigloss was invited to the most unfake party by Smrinoff last week. It was a pure EDM pleasure and I loved every bit of it.  The stadium was jam-packed with music lovers who were shaking at the international beats. I am glad that Smirnoff started with such a music festival. The company promotes youngsters to enjoy parties intelligently and drink responsibly. This is such a great message for the younger generation. Few celebs like TV actress Barkha Bisht and Kollywood actor Indraneil were seen enjoying the show. Smirnoff Experience, India’s most unfake Electronic Dance Music (EDM) festival is based on the philosophy that Real fun begins with Real People. Smirnoff Experience was launched in 2013 and is set to redefine the festival-going experience for the growing community of dance music lovers in the subcontinent.  Mumbai played host to the second edition of Smirnoff Experience Music Festival- India’s most unfake music extravaganza. The festival, headlined by Australian duo Knife Party and the masked enigma, The Bloody Beetroots, brought together thousands of music lovers at the NSCI Dome in Worli. Those attended were seen dropping the act, shedding all pretenses and enjoying a night of real fun and great music. This mesmeric evening also had performances by renowned Indian artists like Dualist Inquiry, Sandunes, Sound avatar and Kris Correya who set the tone for the evening.  The Neon signboards that echoed the #unfake mantra and the quirky Talking Mirror just added to the theme. The brilliantly designed Eagle stage was a visual treat which further complimented the smashing music at the Smirnoff Experience Music festival.  All in all, this was a party which promised #unfakeit theme, best on music, a visual sensory experience and overall, a real party for the real dance music lovers. Considering the way everyone present shed their pretences and danced the evening away this was one party which lived up to its billing. Enjoyed it thoroughly. Looking forward to the next one already. Mumbaigloss was invited to the most unfake party by Smrinoff last week. It was a pure EDM pleasure and I loved every bit of it.  The stadium was jam-packed with music lovers who were shaking at the international beats. I am glad that Smirnoff started with such a music festival. The company promotes youngsters to enjoy parties intelligently and drink responsibly. This is such a great message for the younger generation. Few celebs like TV actress Barkha Bisht and Kollywood actor Indraneil were seen enjoying the show. Smirnoff Experience, India’s most unfake Electronic Dance Music (EDM) festival is based on the philosophy that Real fun begins with Real People. Smirnoff Experience was launched in 2013 and is set to redefine the festival-going experience for the growing community of dance music lovers in the subcontinent.  Mumbai played host to the second edition of Smirnoff Experience Music Festival- India’s most unfake music extravaganza. The festival, headlined by Australian duo Knife Party and the masked enigma, The Bloody Beetroots, brought together thousands of music lovers at the NSCI Dome in Worli. Those attended were seen dropping the act, shedding all pretenses and enjoying a night of real fun and great music. This mesmeric evening also had performances by renowned Indian artists like Dualist Inquiry, Sandunes, Sound avatar and Kris Correya who set the tone for the evening.  The Neon signboards that echoed the #unfake mantra and the quirky Talking Mirror just added to the theme. The brilliantly designed Eagle stage was a visual treat which further complimented the smashing music at the Smirnoff Experience Music festival.  All in all, this was a party which promised #unfakeit theme, best on music, a visual sensory experience and overall, a real party for the real dance music lovers. Considering the way everyone present shed their pretences and danced the evening away this was one party which lived up to its billing. Enjoyed it thoroughly. Looking forward to the next one already. Ileana is Pond’s White Beauty brand ambassador. And she was caring enough to show some love for Mumbaigloss readers. I asked her a few questions and she was quick to reply. Here are the excerpts from the Q&A session.  MG: Hi Ileana. May I know what is your wardrobe staple? What does fashion mean to you? Ileana: A good pair of denims. They get more comfortable with time. Fashion for me is perfect blend of classy and sexy. LBD’s are an absolute must-have for every girl’s wardrobe. Wear clothes you feel comfortable in and flaunt your best asset. I prefer figure-hugging, sheath dresses as they flatter my body type. MG: That’s excellent. Even I refuse to give up on my favourite pair of denims. What is your good skin secret? Ileana: I realized that treating a problem as soon as it crops up is the best way to ensure your skin will always stay healthy and glowing. Pond’s White Beauty Daily Anti-spot Cream is a product I swear by, ever since I started using it and I’ve noticed a change in my skin! My skin looks radiant and has a natural spot-less glow.  MG: Seriously? You use Pond’s products for your skin? What else do you recommend for a good skin. Ileana: Drink lots of water and at every opportunity. Water is a miracle worker! So drink as much as you can every day, just as you moisturize your skin every day. Maintain a healthy lifestyle, drink lots of water, clean your skin and moisturize it using the right products. Wow, thank you Ileana for the quick tips. Readers of Mumbaigloss, what do you think about these tips? Do leave a comment below. Ileana is Pond’s White Beauty brand ambassador. And she was caring enough to show some love for Mumbaigloss readers. I asked her a few questions and she was quick to reply. Here are the excerpts from the Q&A session.  MG: Hi Ileana. May I know what is your wardrobe staple? What does fashion mean to you? Ileana: A good pair of denims. They get more comfortable with time. Fashion for me is perfect blend of classy and sexy. LBD’s are an absolute must-have for every girl’s wardrobe. Wear clothes you feel comfortable in and flaunt your best asset. I prefer figure-hugging, sheath dresses as they flatter my body type. MG: That’s excellent. Even I refuse to give up on my favourite pair of denims. What is your good skin secret? Ileana: I realized that treating a problem as soon as it crops up is the best way to ensure your skin will always stay healthy and glowing. Pond’s White Beauty Daily Anti-spot Cream is a product I swear by, ever since I started using it and I’ve noticed a change in my skin! My skin looks radiant and has a natural spot-less glow.  MG: Seriously? You use Pond’s products for your skin? What else do you recommend for a good skin. Ileana: Drink lots of water and at every opportunity. Water is a miracle worker! So drink as much as you can every day, just as you moisturize your skin every day. Maintain a healthy lifestyle, drink lots of water, clean your skin and moisturize it using the right products. Wow, thank you Ileana for the quick tips. Readers of Mumbaigloss, what do you think about these tips? Do leave a comment below. Ileana is Pond’s White Beauty brand ambassador. And she was caring enough to show some love for Mumbaigloss readers. I asked her a few questions and she was quick to reply. Here are the excerpts from the Q&A session.  MG: Hi Ileana. May I know what is your wardrobe staple? What does fashion mean to you? Ileana: A good pair of denims. They get more comfortable with time. Fashion for me is perfect blend of classy and sexy. LBD’s are an absolute must-have for every girl’s wardrobe. Wear clothes you feel comfortable in and flaunt your best asset. I prefer figure-hugging, sheath dresses as they flatter my body type. MG: That’s excellent. Even I refuse to give up on my favourite pair of denims. What is your good skin secret? Ileana: I realized that treating a problem as soon as it crops up is the best way to ensure your skin will always stay healthy and glowing. Pond’s White Beauty Daily Anti-spot Cream is a product I swear by, ever since I started using it and I’ve noticed a change in my skin! My skin looks radiant and has a natural spot-less glow.  MG: Seriously? You use Pond’s products for your skin? What else do you recommend for a good skin. Ileana: Drink lots of water and at every opportunity. Water is a miracle worker! So drink as much as you can every day, just as you moisturize your skin every day. Maintain a healthy lifestyle, drink lots of water, clean your skin and moisturize it using the right products. Wow, thank you Ileana for the quick tips. Readers of Mumbaigloss, what do you think about these tips? Do leave a comment below. Ileana is Pond’s White Beauty brand ambassador. And she was caring enough to show some love for Mumbaigloss readers. I asked her a few questions and she was quick to reply. Here are the excerpts from the Q&A session.  MG: Hi Ileana. May I know what is your wardrobe staple? What does fashion mean to you? Ileana: A good pair of denims. They get more comfortable with time. Fashion for me is perfect blend of classy and sexy. LBD’s are an absolute must-have for every girl’s wardrobe. Wear clothes you feel comfortable in and flaunt your best asset. I prefer figure-hugging, sheath dresses as they flatter my body type. MG: That’s excellent. Even I refuse to give up on my favourite pair of denims. What is your good skin secret? Ileana: I realized that treating a problem as soon as it crops up is the best way to ensure your skin will always stay healthy and glowing. Pond’s White Beauty Daily Anti-spot Cream is a product I swear by, ever since I started using it and I’ve noticed a change in my skin! My skin looks radiant and has a natural spot-less glow.  MG: Seriously? You use Pond’s products for your skin? What else do you recommend for a good skin. Ileana: Drink lots of water and at every opportunity. Water is a miracle worker! So drink as much as you can every day, just as you moisturize your skin every day. Maintain a healthy lifestyle, drink lots of water, clean your skin and moisturize it using the right products. Wow, thank you Ileana for the quick tips. Readers of Mumbaigloss, what do you think about these tips? Do leave a comment below. Protibha from Mumbaigloss went to experience #BringHairAlive, hair spa treatment by Himalaya Herbals last weekend. With hair problems like breaking, splitting, dryness at the ends, dry scalp, etc. I wasn’t sure how this was going to help.  Usually, ayurvedic products are considered mild and without any side effects so I thought there was no harm in giving it a try.  Once I reached Asif Salon in Lokhandwala, I spoke to the concerned hair specialists about my problems. The hair specialist assessed my tresses and said that there was no dandruff and a bit of hair-fall was natural. Later, he suggested that to counter the dryness in the hair and scalp, I should regularly use, hair oil or hair cream to provide moisture to the hair shaft. He said that I should wash my hair with mild shampoo and moisturising conditioner. I took down the useful tips and eventually my hair treatment started.  Hair specialist first applied the Anti – Hair Fall oil to the roots of my hair and scalp with soaked cotton ensuring that my entire head received the oil treatment. The oil contains Bhringraaj and Amlaki which promote growth of hair.  In my childhood, my mother would ask me to wash my hair with Amla and Reetha for better hair. Now those age-old recipes have been sealed in a bottle by Himalaya Herbals. The oil is supposed to nourish the roots and help with scalp moisturisation. It is non-sticky so it can be applied daily. After applying the oil, he started with the head massage which was relaxing and invigorating. Head massage increases blood circulation to the roots as well as helps in product penetration in the hair shaft. Post head massage, I was taken for a hair wash. My hair was washed thoroughly with Anti-Hair Fall shampoo to remove every trace of the oil from the body of the hair. This was done to remove any dirt and impurities which was in my hair and scalp.  Once my hair was towel dried, it was divided into sections and Anti-Hair Fall Protein Cream was applied to the scalp and hair. The hair specialist slowly covered my entire hair with the cream section by section. Again, I received a little head massage which felt very relaxing. My hair was twisted and put up in a bun.  Steam was given to my treated hair so that the protein rich cream penetrated the hair shaft completely giving it a glossy and healthy look. After 15-20 minutes of the steam application, I was taken for another head wash where Anti-Hair Fall shampoo and Protein rich conditioner were used to wash my hair. Finally, my hair was blow-dried and styled. The first thing that I noticed about my hair was that it looked glossy and felt soft. It smelled great.  Stylist from Himalaya Herbals also said that the hair cream can be used both as a mask as well as a styling cream. And it costs only Rs. 100 for 100 ml. The best thing is that the products are affordable but give excellent results. Natural ingredients like China Rose, Chick Pea, Oats, Lotus, Amlaki, Bhringraaj, Licorice, and several other herbs have been used to create this hair-care range. It’s like I am getting products which my mother would have recommended me to use for nourished hair. I would recommend these products to those who want lustrous, shiny, black hair the natural way. Protibha from Mumbaigloss went to experience #BringHairAlive, hair spa treatment by Himalaya Herbals last weekend. With hair problems like breaking, splitting, dryness at the ends, dry scalp, etc. I wasn’t sure how this was going to help.  Usually, ayurvedic products are considered mild and without any side effects so I thought there was no harm in giving it a try.  Once I reached Asif Salon in Lokhandwala, I spoke to the concerned hair specialists about my problems. The hair specialist assessed my tresses and said that there was no dandruff and a bit of hair-fall was natural. Later, he suggested that to counter the dryness in the hair and scalp, I should regularly use, hair oil or hair cream to provide moisture to the hair shaft. He said that I should wash my hair with mild shampoo and moisturising conditioner. I took down the useful tips and eventually my hair treatment started.  Hair specialist first applied the Anti – Hair Fall oil to the roots of my hair and scalp with soaked cotton ensuring that my entire head received the oil treatment. The oil contains Bhringraaj and Amlaki which promote growth of hair.  In my childhood, my mother would ask me to wash my hair with Amla and Reetha for better hair. Now those age-old recipes have been sealed in a bottle by Himalaya Herbals. The oil is supposed to nourish the roots and help with scalp moisturisation. It is non-sticky so it can be applied daily. After applying the oil, he started with the head massage which was relaxing and invigorating. Head massage increases blood circulation to the roots as well as helps in product penetration in the hair shaft. Post head massage, I was taken for a hair wash. My hair was washed thoroughly with Anti-Hair Fall shampoo to remove every trace of the oil from the body of the hair. This was done to remove any dirt and impurities which was in my hair and scalp.  Once my hair was towel dried, it was divided into sections and Anti-Hair Fall Protein Cream was applied to the scalp and hair. The hair specialist slowly covered my entire hair with the cream section by section. Again, I received a little head massage which felt very relaxing. My hair was twisted and put up in a bun.  Steam was given to my treated hair so that the protein rich cream penetrated the hair shaft completely giving it a glossy and healthy look. After 15-20 minutes of the steam application, I was taken for another head wash where Anti-Hair Fall shampoo and Protein rich conditioner were used to wash my hair. Finally, my hair was blow-dried and styled. The first thing that I noticed about my hair was that it looked glossy and felt soft. It smelled great.  Stylist from Himalaya Herbals also said that the hair cream can be used both as a mask as well as a styling cream. And it costs only Rs. 100 for 100 ml. The best thing is that the products are affordable but give excellent results. Natural ingredients like China Rose, Chick Pea, Oats, Lotus, Amlaki, Bhringraaj, Licorice, and several other herbs have been used to create this hair-care range. It’s like I am getting products which my mother would have recommended me to use for nourished hair. I would recommend these products to those who want lustrous, shiny, black hair the natural way. Protibha from Mumbaigloss went to experience #BringHairAlive, hair spa treatment by Himalaya Herbals last weekend. With hair problems like breaking, splitting, dryness at the ends, dry scalp, etc. I wasn’t sure how this was going to help.  Usually, ayurvedic products are considered mild and without any side effects so I thought there was no harm in giving it a try.  Once I reached Asif Salon in Lokhandwala, I spoke to the concerned hair specialists about my problems. The hair specialist assessed my tresses and said that there was no dandruff and a bit of hair-fall was natural. Later, he suggested that to counter the dryness in the hair and scalp, I should regularly use, hair oil or hair cream to provide moisture to the hair shaft. He said that I should wash my hair with mild shampoo and moisturising conditioner. I took down the useful tips and eventually my hair treatment started.  Hair specialist first applied the Anti – Hair Fall oil to the roots of my hair and scalp with soaked cotton ensuring that my entire head received the oil treatment. The oil contains Bhringraaj and Amlaki which promote growth of hair.  In my childhood, my mother would ask me to wash my hair with Amla and Reetha for better hair. Now those age-old recipes have been sealed in a bottle by Himalaya Herbals. The oil is supposed to nourish the roots and help with scalp moisturisation. It is non-sticky so it can be applied daily. After applying the oil, he started with the head massage which was relaxing and invigorating. Head massage increases blood circulation to the roots as well as helps in product penetration in the hair shaft. Post head massage, I was taken for a hair wash. My hair was washed thoroughly with Anti-Hair Fall shampoo to remove every trace of the oil from the body of the hair. This was done to remove any dirt and impurities which was in my hair and scalp.  Once my hair was towel dried, it was divided into sections and Anti-Hair Fall Protein Cream was applied to the scalp and hair. The hair specialist slowly covered my entire hair with the cream section by section. Again, I received a little head massage which felt very relaxing. My hair was twisted and put up in a bun.  Steam was given to my treated hair so that the protein rich cream penetrated the hair shaft completely giving it a glossy and healthy look. After 15-20 minutes of the steam application, I was taken for another head wash where Anti-Hair Fall shampoo and Protein rich conditioner were used to wash my hair. Finally, my hair was blow-dried and styled. The first thing that I noticed about my hair was that it looked glossy and felt soft. It smelled great.  Stylist from Himalaya Herbals also said that the hair cream can be used both as a mask as well as a styling cream. And it costs only Rs. 100 for 100 ml. The best thing is that the products are affordable but give excellent results. Natural ingredients like China Rose, Chick Pea, Oats, Lotus, Amlaki, Bhringraaj, Licorice, and several other herbs have been used to create this hair-care range. It’s like I am getting products which my mother would have recommended me to use for nourished hair. I would recommend these products to those who want lustrous, shiny, black hair the natural way. Protibha from Mumbaigloss went to experience #BringHairAlive, hair spa treatment by Himalaya Herbals last weekend. With hair problems like breaking, splitting, dryness at the ends, dry scalp, etc. I wasn’t sure how this was going to help.  Usually, ayurvedic products are considered mild and without any side effects so I thought there was no harm in giving it a try.  Once I reached Asif Salon in Lokhandwala, I spoke to the concerned hair specialists about my problems. The hair specialist assessed my tresses and said that there was no dandruff and a bit of hair-fall was natural. Later, he suggested that to counter the dryness in the hair and scalp, I should regularly use, hair oil or hair cream to provide moisture to the hair shaft. He said that I should wash my hair with mild shampoo and moisturising conditioner. I took down the useful tips and eventually my hair treatment started.  Hair specialist first applied the Anti – Hair Fall oil to the roots of my hair and scalp with soaked cotton ensuring that my entire head received the oil treatment. The oil contains Bhringraaj and Amlaki which promote growth of hair.  In my childhood, my mother would ask me to wash my hair with Amla and Reetha for better hair. Now those age-old recipes have been sealed in a bottle by Himalaya Herbals. The oil is supposed to nourish the roots and help with scalp moisturisation. It is non-sticky so it can be applied daily. After applying the oil, he started with the head massage which was relaxing and invigorating. Head massage increases blood circulation to the roots as well as helps in product penetration in the hair shaft. Post head massage, I was taken for a hair wash. My hair was washed thoroughly with Anti-Hair Fall shampoo to remove every trace of the oil from the body of the hair. This was done to remove any dirt and impurities which was in my hair and scalp.  Once my hair was towel dried, it was divided into sections and Anti-Hair Fall Protein Cream was applied to the scalp and hair. The hair specialist slowly covered my entire hair with the cream section by section. Again, I received a little head massage which felt very relaxing. My hair was twisted and put up in a bun.  Steam was given to my treated hair so that the protein rich cream penetrated the hair shaft completely giving it a glossy and healthy look. After 15-20 minutes of the steam application, I was taken for another head wash where Anti-Hair Fall shampoo and Protein rich conditioner were used to wash my hair. Finally, my hair was blow-dried and styled. The first thing that I noticed about my hair was that it looked glossy and felt soft. It smelled great.  Stylist from Himalaya Herbals also said that the hair cream can be used both as a mask as well as a styling cream. And it costs only Rs. 100 for 100 ml. The best thing is that the products are affordable but give excellent results. Natural ingredients like China Rose, Chick Pea, Oats, Lotus, Amlaki, Bhringraaj, Licorice, and several other herbs have been used to create this hair-care range. It’s like I am getting products which my mother would have recommended me to use for nourished hair. I would recommend these products to those who want lustrous, shiny, black hair the natural way. Press Release: “The Vintage Affair” – a fashion and accessory brands exhibition powered by Angels Network, which  will showcase second hand and new stylish and branded apparel, bags and glasses amongst many other things at extremely affordable prices ! A new and an unheard concept of exhibiting second hand and few new fashion pieces, has been launched, not just with the intention of selling some unused stuff lying in our wardrobes, but the concept is driven by spirit and enthusiasm of over 50  motivated women , who feel that not only there is a market for second hand branded labels, but also by participating in this exhibition, the donors and the sellers would be doing some good to the society  as all the funds raised at this exhibition are going to be used for building a new home for the homeless and abandoned elderly at Earth Saviours Foundation, an internationally recognised NGO in Delhi. The proceeds of the chairty sale will be given to  Karma Yogi  Ravi Kalra. The earlier home in Vasant Kunj was burnt down in a fire last year. A Vintage Affaire to be held in #1, Under Defence Colony Flyover Market, formerly Nirulas on April 17th(12:00 pm to 7 pm) and April 18th 2015 ( 11:00 am to 7 pm), will showcase bags & clutches, shoes, scarfs, sun glasses, clothes including Indian and Western wear for women, men and children from luxury brands such as Bottega, Gucci, Christian Dior, Fendi, YSL and high street brands, Zara, Mango, Promod and the best part would be that all which would be on display would be original and filtered by the team from The Angel Network to ensure that all products on display are in extremely good and usable condition. The catch at the exhibition  would surely be the outfits by Rabani and Raaka, Nikhil and Shantanu, Raw Mango, Preetika Swarup, Elisha W, Renge Style among others who believe in the work being done by The Angels Network and thus have come forward and have donated some of their last season stock for this exhibition. Some of the other hottest picks to watch out for are: Fashion labels like Raw Mango, Rabani and Raaka, Nikhil and Shantanu, Preetika Swarup, Elisha W, Renee Style will rule the weekend at A Vintage Affaire. Drop by if you wish to own these coveted brands at up to one tenth the price. What do you think about second hand fashion? Do leave a comment below. Press Release: “The Vintage Affair” – a fashion and accessory brands exhibition powered by Angels Network, which  will showcase second hand and new stylish and branded apparel, bags and glasses amongst many other things at extremely affordable prices ! A new and an unheard concept of exhibiting second hand and few new fashion pieces, has been launched, not just with the intention of selling some unused stuff lying in our wardrobes, but the concept is driven by spirit and enthusiasm of over 50  motivated women , who feel that not only there is a market for second hand branded labels, but also by participating in this exhibition, the donors and the sellers would be doing some good to the society  as all the funds raised at this exhibition are going to be used for building a new home for the homeless and abandoned elderly at Earth Saviours Foundation, an internationally recognised NGO in Delhi. The proceeds of the chairty sale will be given to  Karma Yogi  Ravi Kalra. The earlier home in Vasant Kunj was burnt down in a fire last year. A Vintage Affaire to be held in #1, Under Defence Colony Flyover Market, formerly Nirulas on April 17th(12:00 pm to 7 pm) and April 18th 2015 ( 11:00 am to 7 pm), will showcase bags & clutches, shoes, scarfs, sun glasses, clothes including Indian and Western wear for women, men and children from luxury brands such as Bottega, Gucci, Christian Dior, Fendi, YSL and high street brands, Zara, Mango, Promod and the best part would be that all which would be on display would be original and filtered by the team from The Angel Network to ensure that all products on display are in extremely good and usable condition. The catch at the exhibition  would surely be the outfits by Rabani and Raaka, Nikhil and Shantanu, Raw Mango, Preetika Swarup, Elisha W, Renge Style among others who believe in the work being done by The Angels Network and thus have come forward and have donated some of their last season stock for this exhibition. Some of the other hottest picks to watch out for are: Fashion labels like Raw Mango, Rabani and Raaka, Nikhil and Shantanu, Preetika Swarup, Elisha W, Renee Style will rule the weekend at A Vintage Affaire. Drop by if you wish to own these coveted brands at up to one tenth the price. What do you think about second hand fashion? Do leave a comment below. Press Release: “The Vintage Affair” – a fashion and accessory brands exhibition powered by Angels Network, which  will showcase second hand and new stylish and branded apparel, bags and glasses amongst many other things at extremely affordable prices ! A new and an unheard concept of exhibiting second hand and few new fashion pieces, has been launched, not just with the intention of selling some unused stuff lying in our wardrobes, but the concept is driven by spirit and enthusiasm of over 50  motivated women , who feel that not only there is a market for second hand branded labels, but also by participating in this exhibition, the donors and the sellers would be doing some good to the society  as all the funds raised at this exhibition are going to be used for building a new home for the homeless and abandoned elderly at Earth Saviours Foundation, an internationally recognised NGO in Delhi. The proceeds of the chairty sale will be given to  Karma Yogi  Ravi Kalra. The earlier home in Vasant Kunj was burnt down in a fire last year. A Vintage Affaire to be held in #1, Under Defence Colony Flyover Market, formerly Nirulas on April 17th(12:00 pm to 7 pm) and April 18th 2015 ( 11:00 am to 7 pm), will showcase bags & clutches, shoes, scarfs, sun glasses, clothes including Indian and Western wear for women, men and children from luxury brands such as Bottega, Gucci, Christian Dior, Fendi, YSL and high street brands, Zara, Mango, Promod and the best part would be that all which would be on display would be original and filtered by the team from The Angel Network to ensure that all products on display are in extremely good and usable condition. The catch at the exhibition  would surely be the outfits by Rabani and Raaka, Nikhil and Shantanu, Raw Mango, Preetika Swarup, Elisha W, Renge Style among others who believe in the work being done by The Angels Network and thus have come forward and have donated some of their last season stock for this exhibition. Some of the other hottest picks to watch out for are: Fashion labels like Raw Mango, Rabani and Raaka, Nikhil and Shantanu, Preetika Swarup, Elisha W, Renee Style will rule the weekend at A Vintage Affaire. Drop by if you wish to own these coveted brands at up to one tenth the price. What do you think about second hand fashion? Do leave a comment below. Press Release: “The Vintage Affair” – a fashion and accessory brands exhibition powered by Angels Network, which  will showcase second hand and new stylish and branded apparel, bags and glasses amongst many other things at extremely affordable prices ! A new and an unheard concept of exhibiting second hand and few new fashion pieces, has been launched, not just with the intention of selling some unused stuff lying in our wardrobes, but the concept is driven by spirit and enthusiasm of over 50  motivated women , who feel that not only there is a market for second hand branded labels, but also by participating in this exhibition, the donors and the sellers would be doing some good to the society  as all the funds raised at this exhibition are going to be used for building a new home for the homeless and abandoned elderly at Earth Saviours Foundation, an internationally recognised NGO in Delhi. The proceeds of the chairty sale will be given to  Karma Yogi  Ravi Kalra. The earlier home in Vasant Kunj was burnt down in a fire last year. A Vintage Affaire to be held in #1, Under Defence Colony Flyover Market, formerly Nirulas on April 17th(12:00 pm to 7 pm) and April 18th 2015 ( 11:00 am to 7 pm), will showcase bags & clutches, shoes, scarfs, sun glasses, clothes including Indian and Western wear for women, men and children from luxury brands such as Bottega, Gucci, Christian Dior, Fendi, YSL and high street brands, Zara, Mango, Promod and the best part would be that all which would be on display would be original and filtered by the team from The Angel Network to ensure that all products on display are in extremely good and usable condition. The catch at the exhibition  would surely be the outfits by Rabani and Raaka, Nikhil and Shantanu, Raw Mango, Preetika Swarup, Elisha W, Renge Style among others who believe in the work being done by The Angels Network and thus have come forward and have donated some of their last season stock for this exhibition. Some of the other hottest picks to watch out for are: Fashion labels like Raw Mango, Rabani and Raaka, Nikhil and Shantanu, Preetika Swarup, Elisha W, Renee Style will rule the weekend at A Vintage Affaire. Drop by if you wish to own these coveted brands at up to one tenth the price. What do you think about second hand fashion? Do leave a comment below. On April 7th, Mumbaigloss witnessed a never before seen talent show at BlueFrog, Lower Parel, in Mumbai. BlueFrog stage saw the final leg of India’s first digital mentorship program, The Step Up by Johnnie Walker. After a thrilling journey of four weeks, the platform culminated into a stunning Johnnie Walker-inspired evening where nine talented participants showcased their talent in the presence of their mentors Nikhil Thampi, Nikhil Chibb and Midival Pundits duo Gaurav Raina and Tapan Raj. Only nine aspirants from across India made it through the elimination rounds and were guided to sharpen their skills and undertake an inspirational journey packed with rigorous training and tough challenges, by mentors Nikhil Chib, Nikhil Thampi and the MIDIval Punditz. From pop-up restaurants to celebrity styling to creation of original tracks with limited instruments, this unique platform brought alive the dreams of nine talented individuals to do their best. Anusha Dandekar hosted the show gracefully and looked lovely in her red gown and Jadau neckpiece. The event culminated with the announcement of three winners who took The Step Up and will now go on to realize their dreams in their chosen fields. The winners are Srikar Shetty (food), Viraj Mohan (Music) and Rishika Jain (fashion). They will now enjoy a six month apprenticeship with Nikhil Thampi and Nikhil Chib, respectively. The best performer in music will set off on an exclusive four-city tour with Midival Punditz. Now how many 20 somethings get such an opportunity? I am really happy for the trio. Speaking about the splendid grand finale, Mr. Bhavesh Somaya, Head of Luxury, United Spirits Limited – a Diageo Group Company said “The Step Up is a reflection of the Johnnie Walker philosophy that encourages individuals to take the next big step and move forward in life. This mentorship program has helped us create a strong platform for aspiring young adults in the fields of food, fashion and music to further enhance their skills and prepare them to STEP UP in the pursuit of their passions. Our aim is to nurture and promote these abled mentees and direct them on the path of progress and excellence.” The series were written and directed by famous theatre and TV actor Divya Palat for her production house Balancing Act Productions. I used to love her in Captain Vyom as Dr. Zen. For those who are not aware, Captain Vyom was India’s first sci-fi series in the 90’s. I saw Vivan Bhatena with wife Nikhila Bhatena (who is Divya’s sister) and several other celebs like Kunal Vijaykar, Sumona Chakravarti (Comedy Nights with Kapil fame), Miss Malini and her husband Naushad enjoying the show. This was a good platform for young and talented people. If you guys are interested, you should apply next time for this online talent hunt. You never know you might be the next winner of #TheStepUp. What do you all think? Do leave a comment below. On April 7th, Mumbaigloss witnessed a never before seen talent show at BlueFrog, Lower Parel, in Mumbai. BlueFrog stage saw the final leg of India’s first digital mentorship program, The Step Up by Johnnie Walker. After a thrilling journey of four weeks, the platform culminated into a stunning Johnnie Walker-inspired evening where nine talented participants showcased their talent in the presence of their mentors Nikhil Thampi, Nikhil Chibb and Midival Pundits duo Gaurav Raina and Tapan Raj. Only nine aspirants from across India made it through the elimination rounds and were guided to sharpen their skills and undertake an inspirational journey packed with rigorous training and tough challenges, by mentors Nikhil Chib, Nikhil Thampi and the MIDIval Punditz. From pop-up restaurants to celebrity styling to creation of original tracks with limited instruments, this unique platform brought alive the dreams of nine talented individuals to do their best. Anusha Dandekar hosted the show gracefully and looked lovely in her red gown and Jadau neckpiece. The event culminated with the announcement of three winners who took The Step Up and will now go on to realize their dreams in their chosen fields. The winners are Srikar Shetty (food), Viraj Mohan (Music) and Rishika Jain (fashion). They will now enjoy a six month apprenticeship with Nikhil Thampi and Nikhil Chib, respectively. The best performer in music will set off on an exclusive four-city tour with Midival Punditz. Now how many 20 somethings get such an opportunity? I am really happy for the trio. Speaking about the splendid grand finale, Mr. Bhavesh Somaya, Head of Luxury, United Spirits Limited – a Diageo Group Company said “The Step Up is a reflection of the Johnnie Walker philosophy that encourages individuals to take the next big step and move forward in life. This mentorship program has helped us create a strong platform for aspiring young adults in the fields of food, fashion and music to further enhance their skills and prepare them to STEP UP in the pursuit of their passions. Our aim is to nurture and promote these abled mentees and direct them on the path of progress and excellence.” The series were written and directed by famous theatre and TV actor Divya Palat for her production house Balancing Act Productions. I used to love her in Captain Vyom as Dr. Zen. For those who are not aware, Captain Vyom was India’s first sci-fi series in the 90’s. I saw Vivan Bhatena with wife Nikhila Bhatena (who is Divya’s sister) and several other celebs like Kunal Vijaykar, Sumona Chakravarti (Comedy Nights with Kapil fame), Miss Malini and her husband Naushad enjoying the show. This was a good platform for young and talented people. If you guys are interested, you should apply next time for this online talent hunt. You never know you might be the next winner of #TheStepUp. What do you all think? Do leave a comment below. On April 7th, Mumbaigloss witnessed a never before seen talent show at BlueFrog, Lower Parel, in Mumbai. BlueFrog stage saw the final leg of India’s first digital mentorship program, The Step Up by Johnnie Walker. After a thrilling journey of four weeks, the platform culminated into a stunning Johnnie Walker-inspired evening where nine talented participants showcased their talent in the presence of their mentors Nikhil Thampi, Nikhil Chibb and Midival Pundits duo Gaurav Raina and Tapan Raj. Only nine aspirants from across India made it through the elimination rounds and were guided to sharpen their skills and undertake an inspirational journey packed with rigorous training and tough challenges, by mentors Nikhil Chib, Nikhil Thampi and the MIDIval Punditz. From pop-up restaurants to celebrity styling to creation of original tracks with limited instruments, this unique platform brought alive the dreams of nine talented individuals to do their best. Anusha Dandekar hosted the show gracefully and looked lovely in her red gown and Jadau neckpiece. The event culminated with the announcement of three winners who took The Step Up and will now go on to realize their dreams in their chosen fields. The winners are Srikar Shetty (food), Viraj Mohan (Music) and Rishika Jain (fashion). They will now enjoy a six month apprenticeship with Nikhil Thampi and Nikhil Chib, respectively. The best performer in music will set off on an exclusive four-city tour with Midival Punditz. Now how many 20 somethings get such an opportunity? I am really happy for the trio. Speaking about the splendid grand finale, Mr. Bhavesh Somaya, Head of Luxury, United Spirits Limited – a Diageo Group Company said “The Step Up is a reflection of the Johnnie Walker philosophy that encourages individuals to take the next big step and move forward in life. This mentorship program has helped us create a strong platform for aspiring young adults in the fields of food, fashion and music to further enhance their skills and prepare them to STEP UP in the pursuit of their passions. Our aim is to nurture and promote these abled mentees and direct them on the path of progress and excellence.” The series were written and directed by famous theatre and TV actor Divya Palat for her production house Balancing Act Productions. I used to love her in Captain Vyom as Dr. Zen. For those who are not aware, Captain Vyom was India’s first sci-fi series in the 90’s. I saw Vivan Bhatena with wife Nikhila Bhatena (who is Divya’s sister) and several other celebs like Kunal Vijaykar, Sumona Chakravarti (Comedy Nights with Kapil fame), Miss Malini and her husband Naushad enjoying the show. This was a good platform for young and talented people. If you guys are interested, you should apply next time for this online talent hunt. You never know you might be the next winner of #TheStepUp. What do you all think? Do leave a comment below. On April 7th, Mumbaigloss witnessed a never before seen talent show at BlueFrog, Lower Parel, in Mumbai. BlueFrog stage saw the final leg of India’s first digital mentorship program, The Step Up by Johnnie Walker. After a thrilling journey of four weeks, the platform culminated into a stunning Johnnie Walker-inspired evening where nine talented participants showcased their talent in the presence of their mentors Nikhil Thampi, Nikhil Chibb and Midival Pundits duo Gaurav Raina and Tapan Raj. Only nine aspirants from across India made it through the elimination rounds and were guided to sharpen their skills and undertake an inspirational journey packed with rigorous training and tough challenges, by mentors Nikhil Chib, Nikhil Thampi and the MIDIval Punditz. From pop-up restaurants to celebrity styling to creation of original tracks with limited instruments, this unique platform brought alive the dreams of nine talented individuals to do their best. Anusha Dandekar hosted the show gracefully and looked lovely in her red gown and Jadau neckpiece. The event culminated with the announcement of three winners who took The Step Up and will now go on to realize their dreams in their chosen fields. The winners are Srikar Shetty (food), Viraj Mohan (Music) and Rishika Jain (fashion). They will now enjoy a six month apprenticeship with Nikhil Thampi and Nikhil Chib, respectively. The best performer in music will set off on an exclusive four-city tour with Midival Punditz. Now how many 20 somethings get such an opportunity? I am really happy for the trio. Speaking about the splendid grand finale, Mr. Bhavesh Somaya, Head of Luxury, United Spirits Limited – a Diageo Group Company said “The Step Up is a reflection of the Johnnie Walker philosophy that encourages individuals to take the next big step and move forward in life. This mentorship program has helped us create a strong platform for aspiring young adults in the fields of food, fashion and music to further enhance their skills and prepare them to STEP UP in the pursuit of their passions. Our aim is to nurture and promote these abled mentees and direct them on the path of progress and excellence.” The series were written and directed by famous theatre and TV actor Divya Palat for her production house Balancing Act Productions. I used to love her in Captain Vyom as Dr. Zen. For those who are not aware, Captain Vyom was India’s first sci-fi series in the 90’s. I saw Vivan Bhatena with wife Nikhila Bhatena (who is Divya’s sister) and several other celebs like Kunal Vijaykar, Sumona Chakravarti (Comedy Nights with Kapil fame), Miss Malini and her husband Naushad enjoying the show. This was a good platform for young and talented people. If you guys are interested, you should apply next time for this online talent hunt. You never know you might be the next winner of #TheStepUp. What do you all think? Do leave a comment below. Mumbaigloss has always loved fitness related topics. More so when I personally feel the need to indulge in activities which will help me remain fit and are fun to do. So I recently downloaded this free app Dance With Madhuri (DWM) on my android phone. It is available on IOS as well. This app is an extension to her online dance academy with the same name.  The app was launched in 2013.  But when I downloaded the app it was showing only 50 downloads on Google store. Though, old news portals quoted that more than 10000 downloads were done for the app. I believe that the app was re-launched recently. User Interface is pretty attractive for the new version of the app. So I thought, let me download it and see what it has in store for me. Moreover, what could be better than learning Bollywood thumkas from the dancing diva herself? Dance with Madhuri app, asks you to login with either Facebook, Google or requests you to create a new login ID. The app doesn’t post on FB automatically so it is ok to login with Facebook. After login it takes you to a page where you can choose among two buttons Quick start (which takes you to the list of options) and Surprise Me (Where a random clip or dance lesson is chosen for you). For me most of the random selections were done for fitness dance classes reminding me that I need to get in shape. (Evil grin!) Once you select Quick start, it takes you to a list of dance options. For example you can learn to dance for a wedding, Navratri, Club Party, Audition, etc. Once you click on each of these tabs, it takes you to a list of relevant dance lesson clips. From Ghagra to Tamma Tamma to Batameez Dil, you can learn to dance on these popular numbers through this app. The dance lessons are divided into brief one and a half minute sections so that you can learn at your own pace and pay attention to details.  Not only that, you can learn various dance forms like Bollywood, Indian Classical like Kathak and Bharatnatyam, Folk, Latin & Ballroom including Tango and Salsa, Contemporary, Street Dancing, etc. with this free app. Each section has videos from dance experts who will take you through step-by-step process of learning that dance form. The app also lists jobs with DWM, institutes where you can enrol for dance classes near your home, events, contests, etc. You can also record your performance and upload on the app forum for voting from users across the world. I just saw a Russian lady dance impeccably on the song ‘Chane Ke Khet mein’. Absolutely mind blowing!  The lessons are very informative and easy. They come without any adverts which is the best part. So you can learn dancing from anywhere without having to invest in time or money. Professionals who are short of time can take part in Dancercise where you can burn almost 350 calories in a 25 minute session without going to a gym or a fitness class. Isn’t that great? (But it doesn’t mean I am allowed to eat aaloo paranthas after that. Just a thought!) It also, includes dance fitness moves to help you with body conditioning, core strengthening and stretching, to get you fit and healthy.  The app is not snag free though. At times manoeuvring to different sections by a novice might seem difficult. The app stops working if you make quick selections and the video becomes pixelated sometimes. It might be due to improper internet buffering. But all in all, it is a good app for the dance and fitness lovers. So, people who are looking for some fitness motivation should download this app. You will certainly enjoy learning with Madhuri Dixit and dance gurus like Terrence Lewis, Remo D’Souza, etc. The app has been endorsed by celebs like Priyanka Chopra, Salman Khan, Ranbir Kapoor, Saroj Khan, Pt. Birju Maharaj and the likes.  Download this app if you love dancing. Do let me know what do you think about it? Leave your comments below. Mumbaigloss has always loved fitness related topics. More so when I personally feel the need to indulge in activities which will help me remain fit and are fun to do. So I recently downloaded this free app Dance With Madhuri (DWM) on my android phone. It is available on IOS as well. This app is an extension to her online dance academy with the same name.  The app was launched in 2013.  But when I downloaded the app it was showing only 50 downloads on Google store. Though, old news portals quoted that more than 10000 downloads were done for the app. I believe that the app was re-launched recently. User Interface is pretty attractive for the new version of the app. So I thought, let me download it and see what it has in store for me. Moreover, what could be better than learning Bollywood thumkas from the dancing diva herself? Dance with Madhuri app, asks you to login with either Facebook, Google or requests you to create a new login ID. The app doesn’t post on FB automatically so it is ok to login with Facebook. After login it takes you to a page where you can choose among two buttons Quick start (which takes you to the list of options) and Surprise Me (Where a random clip or dance lesson is chosen for you). For me most of the random selections were done for fitness dance classes reminding me that I need to get in shape. (Evil grin!) Once you select Quick start, it takes you to a list of dance options. For example you can learn to dance for a wedding, Navratri, Club Party, Audition, etc. Once you click on each of these tabs, it takes you to a list of relevant dance lesson clips. From Ghagra to Tamma Tamma to Batameez Dil, you can learn to dance on these popular numbers through this app. The dance lessons are divided into brief one and a half minute sections so that you can learn at your own pace and pay attention to details.  Not only that, you can learn various dance forms like Bollywood, Indian Classical like Kathak and Bharatnatyam, Folk, Latin & Ballroom including Tango and Salsa, Contemporary, Street Dancing, etc. with this free app. Each section has videos from dance experts who will take you through step-by-step process of learning that dance form. The app also lists jobs with DWM, institutes where you can enrol for dance classes near your home, events, contests, etc. You can also record your performance and upload on the app forum for voting from users across the world. I just saw a Russian lady dance impeccably on the song ‘Chane Ke Khet mein’. Absolutely mind blowing!  The lessons are very informative and easy. They come without any adverts which is the best part. So you can learn dancing from anywhere without having to invest in time or money. Professionals who are short of time can take part in Dancercise where you can burn almost 350 calories in a 25 minute session without going to a gym or a fitness class. Isn’t that great? (But it doesn’t mean I am allowed to eat aaloo paranthas after that. Just a thought!) It also, includes dance fitness moves to help you with body conditioning, core strengthening and stretching, to get you fit and healthy.  The app is not snag free though. At times manoeuvring to different sections by a novice might seem difficult. The app stops working if you make quick selections and the video becomes pixelated sometimes. It might be due to improper internet buffering. But all in all, it is a good app for the dance and fitness lovers. So, people who are looking for some fitness motivation should download this app. You will certainly enjoy learning with Madhuri Dixit and dance gurus like Terrence Lewis, Remo D’Souza, etc. The app has been endorsed by celebs like Priyanka Chopra, Salman Khan, Ranbir Kapoor, Saroj Khan, Pt. Birju Maharaj and the likes.  Download this app if you love dancing. Do let me know what do you think about it? Leave your comments below. Mumbaigloss has always loved fitness related topics. More so when I personally feel the need to indulge in activities which will help me remain fit and are fun to do. So I recently downloaded this free app Dance With Madhuri (DWM) on my android phone. It is available on IOS as well. This app is an extension to her online dance academy with the same name.  The app was launched in 2013.  But when I downloaded the app it was showing only 50 downloads on Google store. Though, old news portals quoted that more than 10000 downloads were done for the app. I believe that the app was re-launched recently. User Interface is pretty attractive for the new version of the app. So I thought, let me download it and see what it has in store for me. Moreover, what could be better than learning Bollywood thumkas from the dancing diva herself? Dance with Madhuri app, asks you to login with either Facebook, Google or requests you to create a new login ID. The app doesn’t post on FB automatically so it is ok to login with Facebook. After login it takes you to a page where you can choose among two buttons Quick start (which takes you to the list of options) and Surprise Me (Where a random clip or dance lesson is chosen for you). For me most of the random selections were done for fitness dance classes reminding me that I need to get in shape. (Evil grin!) Once you select Quick start, it takes you to a list of dance options. For example you can learn to dance for a wedding, Navratri, Club Party, Audition, etc. Once you click on each of these tabs, it takes you to a list of relevant dance lesson clips. From Ghagra to Tamma Tamma to Batameez Dil, you can learn to dance on these popular numbers through this app. The dance lessons are divided into brief one and a half minute sections so that you can learn at your own pace and pay attention to details.  Not only that, you can learn various dance forms like Bollywood, Indian Classical like Kathak and Bharatnatyam, Folk, Latin & Ballroom including Tango and Salsa, Contemporary, Street Dancing, etc. with this free app. Each section has videos from dance experts who will take you through step-by-step process of learning that dance form. The app also lists jobs with DWM, institutes where you can enrol for dance classes near your home, events, contests, etc. You can also record your performance and upload on the app forum for voting from users across the world. I just saw a Russian lady dance impeccably on the song ‘Chane Ke Khet mein’. Absolutely mind blowing!  The lessons are very informative and easy. They come without any adverts which is the best part. So you can learn dancing from anywhere without having to invest in time or money. Professionals who are short of time can take part in Dancercise where you can burn almost 350 calories in a 25 minute session without going to a gym or a fitness class. Isn’t that great? (But it doesn’t mean I am allowed to eat aaloo paranthas after that. Just a thought!) It also, includes dance fitness moves to help you with body conditioning, core strengthening and stretching, to get you fit and healthy.  The app is not snag free though. At times manoeuvring to different sections by a novice might seem difficult. The app stops working if you make quick selections and the video becomes pixelated sometimes. It might be due to improper internet buffering. But all in all, it is a good app for the dance and fitness lovers. So, people who are looking for some fitness motivation should download this app. You will certainly enjoy learning with Madhuri Dixit and dance gurus like Terrence Lewis, Remo D’Souza, etc. The app has been endorsed by celebs like Priyanka Chopra, Salman Khan, Ranbir Kapoor, Saroj Khan, Pt. Birju Maharaj and the likes.  Download this app if you love dancing. Do let me know what do you think about it? Leave your comments below. Mumbaigloss has always loved fitness related topics. More so when I personally feel the need to indulge in activities which will help me remain fit and are fun to do. So I recently downloaded this free app Dance With Madhuri (DWM) on my android phone. It is available on IOS as well. This app is an extension to her online dance academy with the same name.  The app was launched in 2013.  But when I downloaded the app it was showing only 50 downloads on Google store. Though, old news portals quoted that more than 10000 downloads were done for the app. I believe that the app was re-launched recently. User Interface is pretty attractive for the new version of the app. So I thought, let me download it and see what it has in store for me. Moreover, what could be better than learning Bollywood thumkas from the dancing diva herself? Dance with Madhuri app, asks you to login with either Facebook, Google or requests you to create a new login ID. The app doesn’t post on FB automatically so it is ok to login with Facebook. After login it takes you to a page where you can choose among two buttons Quick start (which takes you to the list of options) and Surprise Me (Where a random clip or dance lesson is chosen for you). For me most of the random selections were done for fitness dance classes reminding me that I need to get in shape. (Evil grin!) Once you select Quick start, it takes you to a list of dance options. For example you can learn to dance for a wedding, Navratri, Club Party, Audition, etc. Once you click on each of these tabs, it takes you to a list of relevant dance lesson clips. From Ghagra to Tamma Tamma to Batameez Dil, you can learn to dance on these popular numbers through this app. The dance lessons are divided into brief one and a half minute sections so that you can learn at your own pace and pay attention to details.  Not only that, you can learn various dance forms like Bollywood, Indian Classical like Kathak and Bharatnatyam, Folk, Latin & Ballroom including Tango and Salsa, Contemporary, Street Dancing, etc. with this free app. Each section has videos from dance experts who will take you through step-by-step process of learning that dance form. The app also lists jobs with DWM, institutes where you can enrol for dance classes near your home, events, contests, etc. You can also record your performance and upload on the app forum for voting from users across the world. I just saw a Russian lady dance impeccably on the song ‘Chane Ke Khet mein’. Absolutely mind blowing!  The lessons are very informative and easy. They come without any adverts which is the best part. So you can learn dancing from anywhere without having to invest in time or money. Professionals who are short of time can take part in Dancercise where you can burn almost 350 calories in a 25 minute session without going to a gym or a fitness class. Isn’t that great? (But it doesn’t mean I am allowed to eat aaloo paranthas after that. Just a thought!) It also, includes dance fitness moves to help you with body conditioning, core strengthening and stretching, to get you fit and healthy.  The app is not snag free though. At times manoeuvring to different sections by a novice might seem difficult. The app stops working if you make quick selections and the video becomes pixelated sometimes. It might be due to improper internet buffering. But all in all, it is a good app for the dance and fitness lovers. So, people who are looking for some fitness motivation should download this app. You will certainly enjoy learning with Madhuri Dixit and dance gurus like Terrence Lewis, Remo D’Souza, etc. The app has been endorsed by celebs like Priyanka Chopra, Salman Khan, Ranbir Kapoor, Saroj Khan, Pt. Birju Maharaj and the likes.  Download this app if you love dancing. Do let me know what do you think about it? Leave your comments below. Mumbaigloss was trying to figure out the latest trends in shoes when it occurred to us that why not explore the comfort shoe section. I know many people love their Crocs and refuse to come out of them so are their any such brands which provide high quality comfort to the wearers. And then, we came to know about Scentra, a niche shoe brand which develops comfortable walking shoes for men, women as well as children.  Scentra, is India’s first scented shoe brand so next time you take off your shoes around friends and family, no one will excuse themselves away to escape the odor or smelly feet.  These are comfortable canvas shoes made from 100 per cent organic cotton a certified orthopedic sole and a strawberry scented insole (to keep you smelling as good as you look). These shoes are foldable and can fit into any nook of the luggage without any hassle. It is specifically designed to fulfil the gap in the footwear industry between the necessary formal and casual sports shoes and I am glad someone thought that way for people who want slip on comfortable shoes with their denims or casual wears instead of heeled or sports shoes. These are ideal for traveling or for those who love to walk.  The spring summer collection of the brand boasts of a vibrant diverse mix of prints and colors. From the fun floral and animal prints, to bright textures to eclectic embroidery.This season animal prints and subtle multi coloured flowers are going to make their debut on women’s canvas shoes. While the collection for men will go old school with camouflage fabrics. The outsoles get a facelift and have become thicker giving the men’s collection a robust and better look. In addition, Scentra is introducing two tone prints where it will have a luxurious blend of embroidery and bold colours. You can check out the collection here. It is also available at Jabong.com. The price starts from Rs. 2500 onwards. Don’t think that canvas shoes cannot be paired with trendy clothes. Here is a look-book for you to refer.  What do you think about these scented shoes? Will you buy them? Do leave a comment below. Mumbaigloss was trying to figure out the latest trends in shoes when it occurred to us that why not explore the comfort shoe section. I know many people love their Crocs and refuse to come out of them so are their any such brands which provide high quality comfort to the wearers. And then, we came to know about Scentra, a niche shoe brand which develops comfortable walking shoes for men, women as well as children.  Scentra, is India’s first scented shoe brand so next time you take off your shoes around friends and family, no one will excuse themselves away to escape the odor or smelly feet.  These are comfortable canvas shoes made from 100 per cent organic cotton a certified orthopedic sole and a strawberry scented insole (to keep you smelling as good as you look). These shoes are foldable and can fit into any nook of the luggage without any hassle. It is specifically designed to fulfil the gap in the footwear industry between the necessary formal and casual sports shoes and I am glad someone thought that way for people who want slip on comfortable shoes with their denims or casual wears instead of heeled or sports shoes. These are ideal for traveling or for those who love to walk.  The spring summer collection of the brand boasts of a vibrant diverse mix of prints and colors. From the fun floral and animal prints, to bright textures to eclectic embroidery.This season animal prints and subtle multi coloured flowers are going to make their debut on women’s canvas shoes. While the collection for men will go old school with camouflage fabrics. The outsoles get a facelift and have become thicker giving the men’s collection a robust and better look. In addition, Scentra is introducing two tone prints where it will have a luxurious blend of embroidery and bold colours. You can check out the collection here. It is also available at Jabong.com. The price starts from Rs. 2500 onwards. Don’t think that canvas shoes cannot be paired with trendy clothes. Here is a look-book for you to refer.  What do you think about these scented shoes? Will you buy them? Do leave a comment below. Mumbaigloss was trying to figure out the latest trends in shoes when it occurred to us that why not explore the comfort shoe section. I know many people love their Crocs and refuse to come out of them so are their any such brands which provide high quality comfort to the wearers. And then, we came to know about Scentra, a niche shoe brand which develops comfortable walking shoes for men, women as well as children.  Scentra, is India’s first scented shoe brand so next time you take off your shoes around friends and family, no one will excuse themselves away to escape the odor or smelly feet.  These are comfortable canvas shoes made from 100 per cent organic cotton a certified orthopedic sole and a strawberry scented insole (to keep you smelling as good as you look). These shoes are foldable and can fit into any nook of the luggage without any hassle. It is specifically designed to fulfil the gap in the footwear industry between the necessary formal and casual sports shoes and I am glad someone thought that way for people who want slip on comfortable shoes with their denims or casual wears instead of heeled or sports shoes. These are ideal for traveling or for those who love to walk.  The spring summer collection of the brand boasts of a vibrant diverse mix of prints and colors. From the fun floral and animal prints, to bright textures to eclectic embroidery.This season animal prints and subtle multi coloured flowers are going to make their debut on women’s canvas shoes. While the collection for men will go old school with camouflage fabrics. The outsoles get a facelift and have become thicker giving the men’s collection a robust and better look. In addition, Scentra is introducing two tone prints where it will have a luxurious blend of embroidery and bold colours. You can check out the collection here. It is also available at Jabong.com. The price starts from Rs. 2500 onwards. Don’t think that canvas shoes cannot be paired with trendy clothes. Here is a look-book for you to refer.  What do you think about these scented shoes? Will you buy them? Do leave a comment below. Mumbaigloss was trying to figure out the latest trends in shoes when it occurred to us that why not explore the comfort shoe section. I know many people love their Crocs and refuse to come out of them so are their any such brands which provide high quality comfort to the wearers. And then, we came to know about Scentra, a niche shoe brand which develops comfortable walking shoes for men, women as well as children.  Scentra, is India’s first scented shoe brand so next time you take off your shoes around friends and family, no one will excuse themselves away to escape the odor or smelly feet.  These are comfortable canvas shoes made from 100 per cent organic cotton a certified orthopedic sole and a strawberry scented insole (to keep you smelling as good as you look). These shoes are foldable and can fit into any nook of the luggage without any hassle. It is specifically designed to fulfil the gap in the footwear industry between the necessary formal and casual sports shoes and I am glad someone thought that way for people who want slip on comfortable shoes with their denims or casual wears instead of heeled or sports shoes. These are ideal for traveling or for those who love to walk.  The spring summer collection of the brand boasts of a vibrant diverse mix of prints and colors. From the fun floral and animal prints, to bright textures to eclectic embroidery.This season animal prints and subtle multi coloured flowers are going to make their debut on women’s canvas shoes. While the collection for men will go old school with camouflage fabrics. The outsoles get a facelift and have become thicker giving the men’s collection a robust and better look. In addition, Scentra is introducing two tone prints where it will have a luxurious blend of embroidery and bold colours. You can check out the collection here. It is also available at Jabong.com. The price starts from Rs. 2500 onwards. Don’t think that canvas shoes cannot be paired with trendy clothes. Here is a look-book for you to refer.  What do you think about these scented shoes? Will you buy them? Do leave a comment below. Lakme Fashion Week Spring Summer 2015 got over yesterday. And it left a mixed feeling for fashion lovers like me. On one hand the event got over successfully bringing forth few talented designers and their designs to the industry and on the other hand it saddened a few as many fashion designers repackaged the old and didn’t innovate something new. Satya Paul by Gauri khan was a big let-down. The collection was based on tropical plants but was very run of the mill and average. I feel Gauri Khan should have taken time to dwell on this collection. But let me not mull over it now. I hope the next season has some great designs and fashion ideas which can be implemented at a large scale. Here are my picks of top 11 dresses that I would want to wear as my everyday fashion staple. These have been presented during this fashion week and this list will help you choose the trendiest ensembles for yourself, next time you go shopping. 1. Neha Agarwal is definitely my favourite designer this season. Her dresses are trendy and very much wearable off the ramp. The bright prints of Russian Babooshka dolls and florals just made these dresses look so interesting. The base colours remain pastels which is ideal for summers.  2. Another Neha Agarwal dress that I would love to wear is the one recently worn by actor Tapasee Pannu. This has bright prints and happy colours. The lemon yellow is oh-so-summery. The floor grazing asymmetric hemline makes it stand out from the crowd.  3. This tiled bird print dress by Mandira Bedi is another favourite of mine. It is light, airy and has beautiful interplay of pastel and bright colours. The net detail at the collarbone area adds to its appeal. Ideal for summer brunch. It looks sporty-chic and well-toned arms can be easily flaunted in this dress.  4. Suneet Varma’s flowy massive anarkali in a deep purple colour with golden gota work just blew mind away. The net arms with floral embroidery for the blouse makes it a good summer evening wear. This looks so chic in Indian wear segment.  5. Another Suneet Varma dress which I would like to wear is this little number that has floral print with beautiful mirror work on it. The western wear inspired by the gorgeous traditional motifs and crafts of Gujarat and Rajasthan makes it look special.  6. The Pankaj and Nidhi dress is a good option if you want to look polished for a summer afternoon. The light fabric jacket and skirt in traditional Iznik pottery of Turkey, looks fresh and can be easily adapted from a day to night look.  7. VERANDAH BY ANJALI showcased fusion of edgy and soft, shapes and florals on a light background. This jumpsuit from the collection is very good for summer evenings. Throw in a light denim jacket to this jumpsuit to add some drama.  8. Divya Sheth’s coat dresses can be added to the list of power dressing. Well-tailored coat dresses made with light fabrics in military shades can look neat for a summer evening. Hopefully, the muted earthy prints make them look different from parkas.  9. This dress made from mulmul, a light and soft fabric was presented during Harper Bazaar’s textile show and has all the elements to make it a glamorous choice for a summer wear. I loved its intricate cut work.  10. This abstract print dress by Quirkbox is one of my favourites. It is light, it is bright. The crop top and long skirt combo is ideal for summer months.  11. The Harper Bazaar’s textile show also presented this dress which isn’t unique but is definitely beautiful and spells summer comfort and elegance. I would definitely like to wear this.  Which one did you like? Do leave a comment below. 
 Lakme Fashion Week Spring Summer 2015 got over yesterday. And it left a mixed feeling for fashion lovers like me. On one hand the event got over successfully bringing forth few talented designers and their designs to the industry and on the other hand it saddened a few as many fashion designers repackaged the old and didn’t innovate something new. Satya Paul by Gauri khan was a big let-down. The collection was based on tropical plants but was very run of the mill and average. I feel Gauri Khan should have taken time to dwell on this collection. But let me not mull over it now. I hope the next season has some great designs and fashion ideas which can be implemented at a large scale. Here are my picks of top 11 dresses that I would want to wear as my everyday fashion staple. These have been presented during this fashion week and this list will help you choose the trendiest ensembles for yourself, next time you go shopping. 1. Neha Agarwal is definitely my favourite designer this season. Her dresses are trendy and very much wearable off the ramp. The bright prints of Russian Babooshka dolls and florals just made these dresses look so interesting. The base colours remain pastels which is ideal for summers.  2. Another Neha Agarwal dress that I would love to wear is the one recently worn by actor Tapasee Pannu. This has bright prints and happy colours. The lemon yellow is oh-so-summery. The floor grazing asymmetric hemline makes it stand out from the crowd.  3. This tiled bird print dress by Mandira Bedi is another favourite of mine. It is light, airy and has beautiful interplay of pastel and bright colours. The net detail at the collarbone area adds to its appeal. Ideal for summer brunch. It looks sporty-chic and well-toned arms can be easily flaunted in this dress.  4. Suneet Varma’s flowy massive anarkali in a deep purple colour with golden gota work just blew mind away. The net arms with floral embroidery for the blouse makes it a good summer evening wear. This looks so chic in Indian wear segment.  5. Another Suneet Varma dress which I would like to wear is this little number that has floral print with beautiful mirror work on it. The western wear inspired by the gorgeous traditional motifs and crafts of Gujarat and Rajasthan makes it look special.  6. The Pankaj and Nidhi dress is a good option if you want to look polished for a summer afternoon. The light fabric jacket and skirt in traditional Iznik pottery of Turkey, looks fresh and can be easily adapted from a day to night look.  7. VERANDAH BY ANJALI showcased fusion of edgy and soft, shapes and florals on a light background. This jumpsuit from the collection is very good for summer evenings. Throw in a light denim jacket to this jumpsuit to add some drama.  8. Divya Sheth’s coat dresses can be added to the list of power dressing. Well-tailored coat dresses made with light fabrics in military shades can look neat for a summer evening. Hopefully, the muted earthy prints make them look different from parkas.  9. This dress made from mulmul, a light and soft fabric was presented during Harper Bazaar’s textile show and has all the elements to make it a glamorous choice for a summer wear. I loved its intricate cut work.  10. This abstract print dress by Quirkbox is one of my favourites. It is light, it is bright. The crop top and long skirt combo is ideal for summer months.  11. The Harper Bazaar’s textile show also presented this dress which isn’t unique but is definitely beautiful and spells summer comfort and elegance. I would definitely like to wear this.  Which one did you like? Do leave a comment below. 
 Lakme Fashion Week Spring Summer 2015 got over yesterday. And it left a mixed feeling for fashion lovers like me. On one hand the event got over successfully bringing forth few talented designers and their designs to the industry and on the other hand it saddened a few as many fashion designers repackaged the old and didn’t innovate something new. Satya Paul by Gauri khan was a big let-down. The collection was based on tropical plants but was very run of the mill and average. I feel Gauri Khan should have taken time to dwell on this collection. But let me not mull over it now. I hope the next season has some great designs and fashion ideas which can be implemented at a large scale. Here are my picks of top 11 dresses that I would want to wear as my everyday fashion staple. These have been presented during this fashion week and this list will help you choose the trendiest ensembles for yourself, next time you go shopping. 1. Neha Agarwal is definitely my favourite designer this season. Her dresses are trendy and very much wearable off the ramp. The bright prints of Russian Babooshka dolls and florals just made these dresses look so interesting. The base colours remain pastels which is ideal for summers.  2. Another Neha Agarwal dress that I would love to wear is the one recently worn by actor Tapasee Pannu. This has bright prints and happy colours. The lemon yellow is oh-so-summery. The floor grazing asymmetric hemline makes it stand out from the crowd.  3. This tiled bird print dress by Mandira Bedi is another favourite of mine. It is light, airy and has beautiful interplay of pastel and bright colours. The net detail at the collarbone area adds to its appeal. Ideal for summer brunch. It looks sporty-chic and well-toned arms can be easily flaunted in this dress.  4. Suneet Varma’s flowy massive anarkali in a deep purple colour with golden gota work just blew mind away. The net arms with floral embroidery for the blouse makes it a good summer evening wear. This looks so chic in Indian wear segment.  5. Another Suneet Varma dress which I would like to wear is this little number that has floral print with beautiful mirror work on it. The western wear inspired by the gorgeous traditional motifs and crafts of Gujarat and Rajasthan makes it look special.  6. The Pankaj and Nidhi dress is a good option if you want to look polished for a summer afternoon. The light fabric jacket and skirt in traditional Iznik pottery of Turkey, looks fresh and can be easily adapted from a day to night look.  7. VERANDAH BY ANJALI showcased fusion of edgy and soft, shapes and florals on a light background. This jumpsuit from the collection is very good for summer evenings. Throw in a light denim jacket to this jumpsuit to add some drama.  8. Divya Sheth’s coat dresses can be added to the list of power dressing. Well-tailored coat dresses made with light fabrics in military shades can look neat for a summer evening. Hopefully, the muted earthy prints make them look different from parkas.  9. This dress made from mulmul, a light and soft fabric was presented during Harper Bazaar’s textile show and has all the elements to make it a glamorous choice for a summer wear. I loved its intricate cut work.  10. This abstract print dress by Quirkbox is one of my favourites. It is light, it is bright. The crop top and long skirt combo is ideal for summer months.  11. The Harper Bazaar’s textile show also presented this dress which isn’t unique but is definitely beautiful and spells summer comfort and elegance. I would definitely like to wear this.  Which one did you like? Do leave a comment below. 
 Lakme Fashion Week Spring Summer 2015 got over yesterday. And it left a mixed feeling for fashion lovers like me. On one hand the event got over successfully bringing forth few talented designers and their designs to the industry and on the other hand it saddened a few as many fashion designers repackaged the old and didn’t innovate something new. Satya Paul by Gauri khan was a big let-down. The collection was based on tropical plants but was very run of the mill and average. I feel Gauri Khan should have taken time to dwell on this collection. But let me not mull over it now. I hope the next season has some great designs and fashion ideas which can be implemented at a large scale. Here are my picks of top 11 dresses that I would want to wear as my everyday fashion staple. These have been presented during this fashion week and this list will help you choose the trendiest ensembles for yourself, next time you go shopping. 1. Neha Agarwal is definitely my favourite designer this season. Her dresses are trendy and very much wearable off the ramp. The bright prints of Russian Babooshka dolls and florals just made these dresses look so interesting. The base colours remain pastels which is ideal for summers.  2. Another Neha Agarwal dress that I would love to wear is the one recently worn by actor Tapasee Pannu. This has bright prints and happy colours. The lemon yellow is oh-so-summery. The floor grazing asymmetric hemline makes it stand out from the crowd.  3. This tiled bird print dress by Mandira Bedi is another favourite of mine. It is light, airy and has beautiful interplay of pastel and bright colours. The net detail at the collarbone area adds to its appeal. Ideal for summer brunch. It looks sporty-chic and well-toned arms can be easily flaunted in this dress.  4. Suneet Varma’s flowy massive anarkali in a deep purple colour with golden gota work just blew mind away. The net arms with floral embroidery for the blouse makes it a good summer evening wear. This looks so chic in Indian wear segment.  5. Another Suneet Varma dress which I would like to wear is this little number that has floral print with beautiful mirror work on it. The western wear inspired by the gorgeous traditional motifs and crafts of Gujarat and Rajasthan makes it look special.  6. The Pankaj and Nidhi dress is a good option if you want to look polished for a summer afternoon. The light fabric jacket and skirt in traditional Iznik pottery of Turkey, looks fresh and can be easily adapted from a day to night look.  7. VERANDAH BY ANJALI showcased fusion of edgy and soft, shapes and florals on a light background. This jumpsuit from the collection is very good for summer evenings. Throw in a light denim jacket to this jumpsuit to add some drama.  8. Divya Sheth’s coat dresses can be added to the list of power dressing. Well-tailored coat dresses made with light fabrics in military shades can look neat for a summer evening. Hopefully, the muted earthy prints make them look different from parkas.  9. This dress made from mulmul, a light and soft fabric was presented during Harper Bazaar’s textile show and has all the elements to make it a glamorous choice for a summer wear. I loved its intricate cut work.  10. This abstract print dress by Quirkbox is one of my favourites. It is light, it is bright. The crop top and long skirt combo is ideal for summer months.  11. The Harper Bazaar’s textile show also presented this dress which isn’t unique but is definitely beautiful and spells summer comfort and elegance. I would definitely like to wear this.  Which one did you like? Do leave a comment below. 
 Manish has used intricate thread work, mirroring the Parsi gara, on soft and flowing fabrics for his collection The Blue Fashion Runway presented by WEvolve. The Blue Fashion Runway represented fashion for a cause promoting a global social message of gender equality and prevention of gender based violence. This display of fashion for a cause left everyone awestruck!  The outfits are highlighted with jewellery by Anmol Jewellers. The colour palette this season is dominated by hues of blue from powder to midnight, with bold touches of variations of yellow reflecting the promise of a bright future.  The women’s line includes summer flowy gowns, jacket-saris, off shoulder and halter crop tops and skirts as an ode to the lehenga, with embroidery giving a 3D effect to light fabrics. And men’s line has bandh-galas in light fabrics and flowy silhouettes.  I just loved the generous use of tassels and off shoulders in his new collection. It has added the fun element to the entire collection. Many Bollywood celebs attended the show to support the cause like Kajol, Deepika Padukone, SriDevi, and Jacqueline Fernandez among others. But Kapoor sisters were missed at the event. For the first time in Manish’s association with LFW, the show was organised offsite in the old world ambiance of the Great Eastern Home – a sprawling home décor store featuring unique and worldly furniture. I have been to this store and it spells magic for the people who love vintage home décor. Manish personally chose this venue to present his collection. What do you think about his new collection? Do leave a comment below. Manish has used intricate thread work, mirroring the Parsi gara, on soft and flowing fabrics for his collection The Blue Fashion Runway presented by WEvolve. The Blue Fashion Runway represented fashion for a cause promoting a global social message of gender equality and prevention of gender based violence. This display of fashion for a cause left everyone awestruck!  The outfits are highlighted with jewellery by Anmol Jewellers. The colour palette this season is dominated by hues of blue from powder to midnight, with bold touches of variations of yellow reflecting the promise of a bright future.  The women’s line includes summer flowy gowns, jacket-saris, off shoulder and halter crop tops and skirts as an ode to the lehenga, with embroidery giving a 3D effect to light fabrics. And men’s line has bandh-galas in light fabrics and flowy silhouettes.  I just loved the generous use of tassels and off shoulders in his new collection. It has added the fun element to the entire collection. Many Bollywood celebs attended the show to support the cause like Kajol, Deepika Padukone, SriDevi, and Jacqueline Fernandez among others. But Kapoor sisters were missed at the event. For the first time in Manish’s association with LFW, the show was organised offsite in the old world ambiance of the Great Eastern Home – a sprawling home décor store featuring unique and worldly furniture. I have been to this store and it spells magic for the people who love vintage home décor. Manish personally chose this venue to present his collection. What do you think about his new collection? Do leave a comment below. Manish has used intricate thread work, mirroring the Parsi gara, on soft and flowing fabrics for his collection The Blue Fashion Runway presented by WEvolve. The Blue Fashion Runway represented fashion for a cause promoting a global social message of gender equality and prevention of gender based violence. This display of fashion for a cause left everyone awestruck!  The outfits are highlighted with jewellery by Anmol Jewellers. The colour palette this season is dominated by hues of blue from powder to midnight, with bold touches of variations of yellow reflecting the promise of a bright future.  The women’s line includes summer flowy gowns, jacket-saris, off shoulder and halter crop tops and skirts as an ode to the lehenga, with embroidery giving a 3D effect to light fabrics. And men’s line has bandh-galas in light fabrics and flowy silhouettes.  I just loved the generous use of tassels and off shoulders in his new collection. It has added the fun element to the entire collection. Many Bollywood celebs attended the show to support the cause like Kajol, Deepika Padukone, SriDevi, and Jacqueline Fernandez among others. But Kapoor sisters were missed at the event. For the first time in Manish’s association with LFW, the show was organised offsite in the old world ambiance of the Great Eastern Home – a sprawling home décor store featuring unique and worldly furniture. I have been to this store and it spells magic for the people who love vintage home décor. Manish personally chose this venue to present his collection. What do you think about his new collection? Do leave a comment below. Manish has used intricate thread work, mirroring the Parsi gara, on soft and flowing fabrics for his collection The Blue Fashion Runway presented by WEvolve. The Blue Fashion Runway represented fashion for a cause promoting a global social message of gender equality and prevention of gender based violence. This display of fashion for a cause left everyone awestruck!  The outfits are highlighted with jewellery by Anmol Jewellers. The colour palette this season is dominated by hues of blue from powder to midnight, with bold touches of variations of yellow reflecting the promise of a bright future.  The women’s line includes summer flowy gowns, jacket-saris, off shoulder and halter crop tops and skirts as an ode to the lehenga, with embroidery giving a 3D effect to light fabrics. And men’s line has bandh-galas in light fabrics and flowy silhouettes.  I just loved the generous use of tassels and off shoulders in his new collection. It has added the fun element to the entire collection. Many Bollywood celebs attended the show to support the cause like Kajol, Deepika Padukone, SriDevi, and Jacqueline Fernandez among others. But Kapoor sisters were missed at the event. For the first time in Manish’s association with LFW, the show was organised offsite in the old world ambiance of the Great Eastern Home – a sprawling home décor store featuring unique and worldly furniture. I have been to this store and it spells magic for the people who love vintage home décor. Manish personally chose this venue to present his collection. What do you think about his new collection? Do leave a comment below. During Lakme Fashion Week Spring/Summer 2015, day 1 saw launch of Sculpt range of beauty products from Lakme as well as launch of India’s first ever real-time makeup app called Makeup Pro. The show curated by Lakmé expert Natasha Nischol and Lakmé’s face Shraddha Kapoor played the muse.  Natasha brought alive various art forms in makeup looks – inspired by Sculpt – including etching, bronze, mosaic, clay and paint. Later, Lakmé’s revolutionary Makeup Pro App was launched. The app claims to be a real-time virtual makeover app with complete palette of shades and looks across the Lakmé portfolio. From prepping the skin to applying makeup, this app lets you try how each product looks   on you digitally. Lakmé’s prostylist looks created by makeup experts, including the look that Shraddha sported on the runway today, is the highlight of the app.  You can simply try the look in a single click.  “In our 15th year at Lakme Fashion Week, we reinvent make-up – presenting it as avant garde looks, in line with fashion.  The new hi-definition matte lipstick is the star of the Lakme Absolute Sculpt line – our trend forecast at Lakme Fashion Week for this season. Taking it one step further, we empower every Indian woman to experience this beauty trend first hand with the first of its’ kind – Lakmé Makeup Pro app. A true revolution in the world of makeup, this real-timeMakeup Pro app promises to be the biggest blockbuster in beauty and we are absolutely thrilled to bring it to all makeup lovers all over the country”, said Purnima Lamba, Head of Innovation at Lakmé.  “Makeup Pro is an amazing app and I simply love experimenting with my favourite looks. Every time I have 5 min free during shoots, this is what I am using! It is extremely user friendly and helps me select colors and styles that compliment me, in an instant. I also love how I have access to all the Lakmé makeup right on my fingertips.” said Lakmé face Shraddha Kapoor. So, I decided to give it a try and therefore downloaded it on my phone today. This approx. 38 MB file took almost 15 minutes to download on my 3G connection. I don’t know if it will be faster with a wi-fi. Once the app was installed it wasn’t difficult to login as I logged in with Facebook credentials. The app doesn’t publish on Facebook automatically which is a good thing. Once you log in to the app, on the left hand corner is a drop down box which lists saved looks, tutorial, details about the app, privacy policy, etc. The app automatically opens in a mirror like screen where it asks to click a self-portrait in a good light condition to get real-time makeup suggestions. You can choose to ask your friend to click a good picture by reversing the camera settings with a click. You can also upload an old picture from your phone folders, facebook album, etc.   So I decided to use my old picture to get Lakme Makeup Pro suggestions. As soon as I uploaded my image, the scanner tried to map my face and a pop up appeared to highlight my eye, eyebrow and lip area. It asked if the smile was showing any teeth. With a swipe the dots were adjusted and I was ready for a digital makeover. The palette of options appeared for face, eyes, skin, lips and Pro Makeup makeovers. As and when I touched each of the options, further options appeared. For example lips opened a wheel of shades for lipstick as well as lip-gloss. The app also allows to control the intensity of the product applied which helps in getting realistic results. Low setting was always better. I had a lot of fun trying out various shades of eye liners, lip-glosses, eye-shadows, etc.  But when I decided to try the readymade Pro Makeup makeovers/looks. It was a disaster. The makeup looked so cakey and unreal. There is no way you can control the set colours in the readymade makeovers and most of the designed looks made me look like a ghost. I wanted to look like Kareena though. Doesn’t my face remind you of the ghost from the Grudge series? Jokes apart, I think these readymade settings are not convenient at all as one look cannot fit all.  Anyway, I decided to get back to the manual makeover session. Once the desired adjustments were made in my manual makeover journey, I was ready to lock and save that look. The app allows you to compare the before and after look. Once you are completely satisfied then you can save your look which stays in a folder in the app for as long as you want. If you are not happy with something, you can always delete it. The app suggests all the Lakme products used to create the look and gives you an option to put them in a cart and buy directly through the app. How cool is that.  I recently tried another beauty app called Perfect365 and found it better in terms of face mapping and makeover options. But as Lakme Makeup Pro App is trying to promote their own products so they cannot have a gamut of looks or colour palettes to try on their app. The app hangs sometimes and takes time to load a few pictures. It has been downloaded a little over 100 times and has a long way to go before it become the most sought after beauty app in the Indian market. Still, I feel it is a good attempt by the Lakme India team and certainly looks promising. So fashionistas, you can rejoice as apps like these will make your beauty life seamless, or rather perfect. Now no need to waste your money on wrong products. You can try them digitally before buying. What do you think about this app? Do leave a comment below. During Lakme Fashion Week Spring/Summer 2015, day 1 saw launch of Sculpt range of beauty products from Lakme as well as launch of India’s first ever real-time makeup app called Makeup Pro. The show curated by Lakmé expert Natasha Nischol and Lakmé’s face Shraddha Kapoor played the muse.  Natasha brought alive various art forms in makeup looks – inspired by Sculpt – including etching, bronze, mosaic, clay and paint. Later, Lakmé’s revolutionary Makeup Pro App was launched. The app claims to be a real-time virtual makeover app with complete palette of shades and looks across the Lakmé portfolio. From prepping the skin to applying makeup, this app lets you try how each product looks   on you digitally. Lakmé’s prostylist looks created by makeup experts, including the look that Shraddha sported on the runway today, is the highlight of the app.  You can simply try the look in a single click.  “In our 15th year at Lakme Fashion Week, we reinvent make-up – presenting it as avant garde looks, in line with fashion.  The new hi-definition matte lipstick is the star of the Lakme Absolute Sculpt line – our trend forecast at Lakme Fashion Week for this season. Taking it one step further, we empower every Indian woman to experience this beauty trend first hand with the first of its’ kind – Lakmé Makeup Pro app. A true revolution in the world of makeup, this real-timeMakeup Pro app promises to be the biggest blockbuster in beauty and we are absolutely thrilled to bring it to all makeup lovers all over the country”, said Purnima Lamba, Head of Innovation at Lakmé.  “Makeup Pro is an amazing app and I simply love experimenting with my favourite looks. Every time I have 5 min free during shoots, this is what I am using! It is extremely user friendly and helps me select colors and styles that compliment me, in an instant. I also love how I have access to all the Lakmé makeup right on my fingertips.” said Lakmé face Shraddha Kapoor. So, I decided to give it a try and therefore downloaded it on my phone today. This approx. 38 MB file took almost 15 minutes to download on my 3G connection. I don’t know if it will be faster with a wi-fi. Once the app was installed it wasn’t difficult to login as I logged in with Facebook credentials. The app doesn’t publish on Facebook automatically which is a good thing. Once you log in to the app, on the left hand corner is a drop down box which lists saved looks, tutorial, details about the app, privacy policy, etc. The app automatically opens in a mirror like screen where it asks to click a self-portrait in a good light condition to get real-time makeup suggestions. You can choose to ask your friend to click a good picture by reversing the camera settings with a click. You can also upload an old picture from your phone folders, facebook album, etc.   So I decided to use my old picture to get Lakme Makeup Pro suggestions. As soon as I uploaded my image, the scanner tried to map my face and a pop up appeared to highlight my eye, eyebrow and lip area. It asked if the smile was showing any teeth. With a swipe the dots were adjusted and I was ready for a digital makeover. The palette of options appeared for face, eyes, skin, lips and Pro Makeup makeovers. As and when I touched each of the options, further options appeared. For example lips opened a wheel of shades for lipstick as well as lip-gloss. The app also allows to control the intensity of the product applied which helps in getting realistic results. Low setting was always better. I had a lot of fun trying out various shades of eye liners, lip-glosses, eye-shadows, etc.  But when I decided to try the readymade Pro Makeup makeovers/looks. It was a disaster. The makeup looked so cakey and unreal. There is no way you can control the set colours in the readymade makeovers and most of the designed looks made me look like a ghost. I wanted to look like Kareena though. Doesn’t my face remind you of the ghost from the Grudge series? Jokes apart, I think these readymade settings are not convenient at all as one look cannot fit all.  Anyway, I decided to get back to the manual makeover session. Once the desired adjustments were made in my manual makeover journey, I was ready to lock and save that look. The app allows you to compare the before and after look. Once you are completely satisfied then you can save your look which stays in a folder in the app for as long as you want. If you are not happy with something, you can always delete it. The app suggests all the Lakme products used to create the look and gives you an option to put them in a cart and buy directly through the app. How cool is that.  I recently tried another beauty app called Perfect365 and found it better in terms of face mapping and makeover options. But as Lakme Makeup Pro App is trying to promote their own products so they cannot have a gamut of looks or colour palettes to try on their app. The app hangs sometimes and takes time to load a few pictures. It has been downloaded a little over 100 times and has a long way to go before it become the most sought after beauty app in the Indian market. Still, I feel it is a good attempt by the Lakme India team and certainly looks promising. So fashionistas, you can rejoice as apps like these will make your beauty life seamless, or rather perfect. Now no need to waste your money on wrong products. You can try them digitally before buying. What do you think about this app? Do leave a comment below. During Lakme Fashion Week Spring/Summer 2015, day 1 saw launch of Sculpt range of beauty products from Lakme as well as launch of India’s first ever real-time makeup app called Makeup Pro. The show curated by Lakmé expert Natasha Nischol and Lakmé’s face Shraddha Kapoor played the muse.  Natasha brought alive various art forms in makeup looks – inspired by Sculpt – including etching, bronze, mosaic, clay and paint. Later, Lakmé’s revolutionary Makeup Pro App was launched. The app claims to be a real-time virtual makeover app with complete palette of shades and looks across the Lakmé portfolio. From prepping the skin to applying makeup, this app lets you try how each product looks   on you digitally. Lakmé’s prostylist looks created by makeup experts, including the look that Shraddha sported on the runway today, is the highlight of the app.  You can simply try the look in a single click.  “In our 15th year at Lakme Fashion Week, we reinvent make-up – presenting it as avant garde looks, in line with fashion.  The new hi-definition matte lipstick is the star of the Lakme Absolute Sculpt line – our trend forecast at Lakme Fashion Week for this season. Taking it one step further, we empower every Indian woman to experience this beauty trend first hand with the first of its’ kind – Lakmé Makeup Pro app. A true revolution in the world of makeup, this real-timeMakeup Pro app promises to be the biggest blockbuster in beauty and we are absolutely thrilled to bring it to all makeup lovers all over the country”, said Purnima Lamba, Head of Innovation at Lakmé.  “Makeup Pro is an amazing app and I simply love experimenting with my favourite looks. Every time I have 5 min free during shoots, this is what I am using! It is extremely user friendly and helps me select colors and styles that compliment me, in an instant. I also love how I have access to all the Lakmé makeup right on my fingertips.” said Lakmé face Shraddha Kapoor. So, I decided to give it a try and therefore downloaded it on my phone today. This approx. 38 MB file took almost 15 minutes to download on my 3G connection. I don’t know if it will be faster with a wi-fi. Once the app was installed it wasn’t difficult to login as I logged in with Facebook credentials. The app doesn’t publish on Facebook automatically which is a good thing. Once you log in to the app, on the left hand corner is a drop down box which lists saved looks, tutorial, details about the app, privacy policy, etc. The app automatically opens in a mirror like screen where it asks to click a self-portrait in a good light condition to get real-time makeup suggestions. You can choose to ask your friend to click a good picture by reversing the camera settings with a click. You can also upload an old picture from your phone folders, facebook album, etc.   So I decided to use my old picture to get Lakme Makeup Pro suggestions. As soon as I uploaded my image, the scanner tried to map my face and a pop up appeared to highlight my eye, eyebrow and lip area. It asked if the smile was showing any teeth. With a swipe the dots were adjusted and I was ready for a digital makeover. The palette of options appeared for face, eyes, skin, lips and Pro Makeup makeovers. As and when I touched each of the options, further options appeared. For example lips opened a wheel of shades for lipstick as well as lip-gloss. The app also allows to control the intensity of the product applied which helps in getting realistic results. Low setting was always better. I had a lot of fun trying out various shades of eye liners, lip-glosses, eye-shadows, etc.  But when I decided to try the readymade Pro Makeup makeovers/looks. It was a disaster. The makeup looked so cakey and unreal. There is no way you can control the set colours in the readymade makeovers and most of the designed looks made me look like a ghost. I wanted to look like Kareena though. Doesn’t my face remind you of the ghost from the Grudge series? Jokes apart, I think these readymade settings are not convenient at all as one look cannot fit all.  Anyway, I decided to get back to the manual makeover session. Once the desired adjustments were made in my manual makeover journey, I was ready to lock and save that look. The app allows you to compare the before and after look. Once you are completely satisfied then you can save your look which stays in a folder in the app for as long as you want. If you are not happy with something, you can always delete it. The app suggests all the Lakme products used to create the look and gives you an option to put them in a cart and buy directly through the app. How cool is that.  I recently tried another beauty app called Perfect365 and found it better in terms of face mapping and makeover options. But as Lakme Makeup Pro App is trying to promote their own products so they cannot have a gamut of looks or colour palettes to try on their app. The app hangs sometimes and takes time to load a few pictures. It has been downloaded a little over 100 times and has a long way to go before it become the most sought after beauty app in the Indian market. Still, I feel it is a good attempt by the Lakme India team and certainly looks promising. So fashionistas, you can rejoice as apps like these will make your beauty life seamless, or rather perfect. Now no need to waste your money on wrong products. You can try them digitally before buying. What do you think about this app? Do leave a comment below. During Lakme Fashion Week Spring/Summer 2015, day 1 saw launch of Sculpt range of beauty products from Lakme as well as launch of India’s first ever real-time makeup app called Makeup Pro. The show curated by Lakmé expert Natasha Nischol and Lakmé’s face Shraddha Kapoor played the muse.  Natasha brought alive various art forms in makeup looks – inspired by Sculpt – including etching, bronze, mosaic, clay and paint. Later, Lakmé’s revolutionary Makeup Pro App was launched. The app claims to be a real-time virtual makeover app with complete palette of shades and looks across the Lakmé portfolio. From prepping the skin to applying makeup, this app lets you try how each product looks   on you digitally. Lakmé’s prostylist looks created by makeup experts, including the look that Shraddha sported on the runway today, is the highlight of the app.  You can simply try the look in a single click.  “In our 15th year at Lakme Fashion Week, we reinvent make-up – presenting it as avant garde looks, in line with fashion.  The new hi-definition matte lipstick is the star of the Lakme Absolute Sculpt line – our trend forecast at Lakme Fashion Week for this season. Taking it one step further, we empower every Indian woman to experience this beauty trend first hand with the first of its’ kind – Lakmé Makeup Pro app. A true revolution in the world of makeup, this real-timeMakeup Pro app promises to be the biggest blockbuster in beauty and we are absolutely thrilled to bring it to all makeup lovers all over the country”, said Purnima Lamba, Head of Innovation at Lakmé.  “Makeup Pro is an amazing app and I simply love experimenting with my favourite looks. Every time I have 5 min free during shoots, this is what I am using! It is extremely user friendly and helps me select colors and styles that compliment me, in an instant. I also love how I have access to all the Lakmé makeup right on my fingertips.” said Lakmé face Shraddha Kapoor. So, I decided to give it a try and therefore downloaded it on my phone today. This approx. 38 MB file took almost 15 minutes to download on my 3G connection. I don’t know if it will be faster with a wi-fi. Once the app was installed it wasn’t difficult to login as I logged in with Facebook credentials. The app doesn’t publish on Facebook automatically which is a good thing. Once you log in to the app, on the left hand corner is a drop down box which lists saved looks, tutorial, details about the app, privacy policy, etc. The app automatically opens in a mirror like screen where it asks to click a self-portrait in a good light condition to get real-time makeup suggestions. You can choose to ask your friend to click a good picture by reversing the camera settings with a click. You can also upload an old picture from your phone folders, facebook album, etc.   So I decided to use my old picture to get Lakme Makeup Pro suggestions. As soon as I uploaded my image, the scanner tried to map my face and a pop up appeared to highlight my eye, eyebrow and lip area. It asked if the smile was showing any teeth. With a swipe the dots were adjusted and I was ready for a digital makeover. The palette of options appeared for face, eyes, skin, lips and Pro Makeup makeovers. As and when I touched each of the options, further options appeared. For example lips opened a wheel of shades for lipstick as well as lip-gloss. The app also allows to control the intensity of the product applied which helps in getting realistic results. Low setting was always better. I had a lot of fun trying out various shades of eye liners, lip-glosses, eye-shadows, etc.  But when I decided to try the readymade Pro Makeup makeovers/looks. It was a disaster. The makeup looked so cakey and unreal. There is no way you can control the set colours in the readymade makeovers and most of the designed looks made me look like a ghost. I wanted to look like Kareena though. Doesn’t my face remind you of the ghost from the Grudge series? Jokes apart, I think these readymade settings are not convenient at all as one look cannot fit all.  Anyway, I decided to get back to the manual makeover session. Once the desired adjustments were made in my manual makeover journey, I was ready to lock and save that look. The app allows you to compare the before and after look. Once you are completely satisfied then you can save your look which stays in a folder in the app for as long as you want. If you are not happy with something, you can always delete it. The app suggests all the Lakme products used to create the look and gives you an option to put them in a cart and buy directly through the app. How cool is that.  I recently tried another beauty app called Perfect365 and found it better in terms of face mapping and makeover options. But as Lakme Makeup Pro App is trying to promote their own products so they cannot have a gamut of looks or colour palettes to try on their app. The app hangs sometimes and takes time to load a few pictures. It has been downloaded a little over 100 times and has a long way to go before it become the most sought after beauty app in the Indian market. Still, I feel it is a good attempt by the Lakme India team and certainly looks promising. So fashionistas, you can rejoice as apps like these will make your beauty life seamless, or rather perfect. Now no need to waste your money on wrong products. You can try them digitally before buying. What do you think about this app? Do leave a comment below. Lakme Fashion Week Spring Summer 2015 started with much aplomb yesterday. Here are my five fashion picks from day 1 that you can easily imbibe in your everyday fashion. Here is the list. 1. Tassels: Manish Malhotra in his The Blue Fashion Runway presented by WEvolve used a lot of tassels to bring in the feeling of freedom. The Blue Fashion Runway represented fashion for a cause promoting a global social message of gender equality and prevention of gender based violence. This display of fashion for a cause left everyone awestruck! Tassels are trending in international fashion as well.  2. Bright candy colours: Masaba Gupta showed how to rock bright colours like yellow, fuchsia, and purple without batting an eye lid. These colours will perk up your summer look for sure. I also loved the golden shoes with tassels.  3. Electric bold 3D prints in skirts: INIFD Presents the Gen-Next designer Salita Nanda showed that electric bold prints can give you style quotient in no time. Her collection is inspired by Picasso’s cubist painting, Les demoiselles d’vignon. Her label, Salita Nanda, consists of ready-to-wear hybrid collection, combining digital printing and a series of 3Dprinted fabrics. Salita says, “The collection is an amalgamation of a beautiful piece of art and a touch of pop. The African undertones in the painting translate into prints and symbols like love, beauty and strength.” I loved the patterns.  4. Dhoti Maxi dress, the next word for comfort: Vaishali Shadangule’s Behrupia collection featured various drapes in traditional threads and fabrics and I just fell in love with this dhoti style drape for this maxi dress. Mixing Khand with khadi Vaishali reinvented the textiles and presented them in modern shapes with intricate geometric construction for dual tone creations. The colours are beautiful and the fabric is light and airy. Perfect for a summer brunch.  5. Layering net over cotton: ILK by Shikha Grover and Vinita Adhikari used gauze and net over cotton to create layers and textures for their collection ‘Loves me, loves me not.’ The designer duo was consistent with their ILK signature style of adding textures to their fabrics of cotton, net and gauze while preserving the feminine feel to their designs. The best part about this design is that it looks stylish, yet it is comfortable in the summer months.  What do you feel about these designs? Do leave a comment below. Lakme Fashion Week Spring Summer 2015 started with much aplomb yesterday. Here are my five fashion picks from day 1 that you can easily imbibe in your everyday fashion. Here is the list. 1. Tassels: Manish Malhotra in his The Blue Fashion Runway presented by WEvolve used a lot of tassels to bring in the feeling of freedom. The Blue Fashion Runway represented fashion for a cause promoting a global social message of gender equality and prevention of gender based violence. This display of fashion for a cause left everyone awestruck! Tassels are trending in international fashion as well.  2. Bright candy colours: Masaba Gupta showed how to rock bright colours like yellow, fuchsia, and purple without batting an eye lid. These colours will perk up your summer look for sure. I also loved the golden shoes with tassels.  3. Electric bold 3D prints in skirts: INIFD Presents the Gen-Next designer Salita Nanda showed that electric bold prints can give you style quotient in no time. Her collection is inspired by Picasso’s cubist painting, Les demoiselles d’vignon. Her label, Salita Nanda, consists of ready-to-wear hybrid collection, combining digital printing and a series of 3Dprinted fabrics. Salita says, “The collection is an amalgamation of a beautiful piece of art and a touch of pop. The African undertones in the painting translate into prints and symbols like love, beauty and strength.” I loved the patterns.  4. Dhoti Maxi dress, the next word for comfort: Vaishali Shadangule’s Behrupia collection featured various drapes in traditional threads and fabrics and I just fell in love with this dhoti style drape for this maxi dress. Mixing Khand with khadi Vaishali reinvented the textiles and presented them in modern shapes with intricate geometric construction for dual tone creations. The colours are beautiful and the fabric is light and airy. Perfect for a summer brunch.  5. Layering net over cotton: ILK by Shikha Grover and Vinita Adhikari used gauze and net over cotton to create layers and textures for their collection ‘Loves me, loves me not.’ The designer duo was consistent with their ILK signature style of adding textures to their fabrics of cotton, net and gauze while preserving the feminine feel to their designs. The best part about this design is that it looks stylish, yet it is comfortable in the summer months.  What do you feel about these designs? Do leave a comment below. Lakme Fashion Week Spring Summer 2015 started with much aplomb yesterday. Here are my five fashion picks from day 1 that you can easily imbibe in your everyday fashion. Here is the list. 1. Tassels: Manish Malhotra in his The Blue Fashion Runway presented by WEvolve used a lot of tassels to bring in the feeling of freedom. The Blue Fashion Runway represented fashion for a cause promoting a global social message of gender equality and prevention of gender based violence. This display of fashion for a cause left everyone awestruck! Tassels are trending in international fashion as well.  2. Bright candy colours: Masaba Gupta showed how to rock bright colours like yellow, fuchsia, and purple without batting an eye lid. These colours will perk up your summer look for sure. I also loved the golden shoes with tassels.  3. Electric bold 3D prints in skirts: INIFD Presents the Gen-Next designer Salita Nanda showed that electric bold prints can give you style quotient in no time. Her collection is inspired by Picasso’s cubist painting, Les demoiselles d’vignon. Her label, Salita Nanda, consists of ready-to-wear hybrid collection, combining digital printing and a series of 3Dprinted fabrics. Salita says, “The collection is an amalgamation of a beautiful piece of art and a touch of pop. The African undertones in the painting translate into prints and symbols like love, beauty and strength.” I loved the patterns.  4. Dhoti Maxi dress, the next word for comfort: Vaishali Shadangule’s Behrupia collection featured various drapes in traditional threads and fabrics and I just fell in love with this dhoti style drape for this maxi dress. Mixing Khand with khadi Vaishali reinvented the textiles and presented them in modern shapes with intricate geometric construction for dual tone creations. The colours are beautiful and the fabric is light and airy. Perfect for a summer brunch.  5. Layering net over cotton: ILK by Shikha Grover and Vinita Adhikari used gauze and net over cotton to create layers and textures for their collection ‘Loves me, loves me not.’ The designer duo was consistent with their ILK signature style of adding textures to their fabrics of cotton, net and gauze while preserving the feminine feel to their designs. The best part about this design is that it looks stylish, yet it is comfortable in the summer months.  What do you feel about these designs? Do leave a comment below. Lakme Fashion Week Spring Summer 2015 started with much aplomb yesterday. Here are my five fashion picks from day 1 that you can easily imbibe in your everyday fashion. Here is the list. 1. Tassels: Manish Malhotra in his The Blue Fashion Runway presented by WEvolve used a lot of tassels to bring in the feeling of freedom. The Blue Fashion Runway represented fashion for a cause promoting a global social message of gender equality and prevention of gender based violence. This display of fashion for a cause left everyone awestruck! Tassels are trending in international fashion as well.  2. Bright candy colours: Masaba Gupta showed how to rock bright colours like yellow, fuchsia, and purple without batting an eye lid. These colours will perk up your summer look for sure. I also loved the golden shoes with tassels.  3. Electric bold 3D prints in skirts: INIFD Presents the Gen-Next designer Salita Nanda showed that electric bold prints can give you style quotient in no time. Her collection is inspired by Picasso’s cubist painting, Les demoiselles d’vignon. Her label, Salita Nanda, consists of ready-to-wear hybrid collection, combining digital printing and a series of 3Dprinted fabrics. Salita says, “The collection is an amalgamation of a beautiful piece of art and a touch of pop. The African undertones in the painting translate into prints and symbols like love, beauty and strength.” I loved the patterns.  4. Dhoti Maxi dress, the next word for comfort: Vaishali Shadangule’s Behrupia collection featured various drapes in traditional threads and fabrics and I just fell in love with this dhoti style drape for this maxi dress. Mixing Khand with khadi Vaishali reinvented the textiles and presented them in modern shapes with intricate geometric construction for dual tone creations. The colours are beautiful and the fabric is light and airy. Perfect for a summer brunch.  5. Layering net over cotton: ILK by Shikha Grover and Vinita Adhikari used gauze and net over cotton to create layers and textures for their collection ‘Loves me, loves me not.’ The designer duo was consistent with their ILK signature style of adding textures to their fabrics of cotton, net and gauze while preserving the feminine feel to their designs. The best part about this design is that it looks stylish, yet it is comfortable in the summer months.  What do you feel about these designs? Do leave a comment below. For the jet setting trendy fashion followers around the world Sabyasachi Mukherjee’s Resort 2015 collection “Big Love” was one of the most amazing openings ever seen for a fashion event in India. The show definitely set new fashion directions on how to dress when the mercury sours and the sun shines brightly. The venue was unconventional – the fabulous rustic grounds of Richardson and Cruddas Mills in the heart of Mumbai. The ramp was a never ending 200 x 20 feet, with high-tech multi laser lights, roving drone and camera mounted on gantry. There were 62 models and 105 outfits for the evening.  He started with a lot of blacks, reds and shimmery colours and I wondered how that fits into the Spring/Summer genre. Then I realised that the fabric was light and the embroidery minimal so that evening fashion can look glamorous. Of course, a fashionista would like to have some bling moments in the summer evening.  There were pre-stitched draped saris, toga gowns, with shimmering hemlines, saris with net extensions and jumpsuits with sheer net capes.  Gradually moving into a colour story of brown, grey and beige, there were bell bottom jumpsuits or palazzos, long maxi shirt waister, layered capes, column dresses, boleros, gilets, a flash of red for the lining of a floor kissing cape and sari gowns that continued to mesmerise the fashion lovers. The colours soon moved to pastel and pretty shades of pale sea green making a great seaside choice for lazy lounging. At times the dual printed palazzos were interesting with shimmering cropped tops; or the dhoti pants teamed with bralet and waistcoat.  The pale pink and blue floral print collection appeared for flared floor skimming belted skirts worn with broad horizontal striped cholis; while the final formal wear visual drama revolved around glittering red gowns, kurtas, lehengas and cholis.  Adding to the flavour of the collection, Sabyasachi had designed matching wedges, embroidered slip-ons, colourful moccasins, monk sandals, messenger and handbags that were in dual sling or shoulder styles to complement the garments. But I loved the slim waist belts with a metallic panther motif on it.  Over all the event was high octane with many celeb attendance like Deepika Padukone, Rani Mukherkee, Kiran Rao, Farhan Akhtar, Adhuna Akhtar to name a few. Sabyasachi made a grand opening at the Lakme Fashion Week and has set high example for others to follow.  For the jet setting trendy fashion followers around the world Sabyasachi Mukherjee’s Resort 2015 collection “Big Love” was one of the most amazing openings ever seen for a fashion event in India. The show definitely set new fashion directions on how to dress when the mercury sours and the sun shines brightly. The venue was unconventional – the fabulous rustic grounds of Richardson and Cruddas Mills in the heart of Mumbai. The ramp was a never ending 200 x 20 feet, with high-tech multi laser lights, roving drone and camera mounted on gantry. There were 62 models and 105 outfits for the evening.  He started with a lot of blacks, reds and shimmery colours and I wondered how that fits into the Spring/Summer genre. Then I realised that the fabric was light and the embroidery minimal so that evening fashion can look glamorous. Of course, a fashionista would like to have some bling moments in the summer evening.  There were pre-stitched draped saris, toga gowns, with shimmering hemlines, saris with net extensions and jumpsuits with sheer net capes.  Gradually moving into a colour story of brown, grey and beige, there were bell bottom jumpsuits or palazzos, long maxi shirt waister, layered capes, column dresses, boleros, gilets, a flash of red for the lining of a floor kissing cape and sari gowns that continued to mesmerise the fashion lovers. The colours soon moved to pastel and pretty shades of pale sea green making a great seaside choice for lazy lounging. At times the dual printed palazzos were interesting with shimmering cropped tops; or the dhoti pants teamed with bralet and waistcoat.  The pale pink and blue floral print collection appeared for flared floor skimming belted skirts worn with broad horizontal striped cholis; while the final formal wear visual drama revolved around glittering red gowns, kurtas, lehengas and cholis.  Adding to the flavour of the collection, Sabyasachi had designed matching wedges, embroidered slip-ons, colourful moccasins, monk sandals, messenger and handbags that were in dual sling or shoulder styles to complement the garments. But I loved the slim waist belts with a metallic panther motif on it.  Over all the event was high octane with many celeb attendance like Deepika Padukone, Rani Mukherkee, Kiran Rao, Farhan Akhtar, Adhuna Akhtar to name a few. Sabyasachi made a grand opening at the Lakme Fashion Week and has set high example for others to follow.  For the jet setting trendy fashion followers around the world Sabyasachi Mukherjee’s Resort 2015 collection “Big Love” was one of the most amazing openings ever seen for a fashion event in India. The show definitely set new fashion directions on how to dress when the mercury sours and the sun shines brightly. The venue was unconventional – the fabulous rustic grounds of Richardson and Cruddas Mills in the heart of Mumbai. The ramp was a never ending 200 x 20 feet, with high-tech multi laser lights, roving drone and camera mounted on gantry. There were 62 models and 105 outfits for the evening.  He started with a lot of blacks, reds and shimmery colours and I wondered how that fits into the Spring/Summer genre. Then I realised that the fabric was light and the embroidery minimal so that evening fashion can look glamorous. Of course, a fashionista would like to have some bling moments in the summer evening.  There were pre-stitched draped saris, toga gowns, with shimmering hemlines, saris with net extensions and jumpsuits with sheer net capes.  Gradually moving into a colour story of brown, grey and beige, there were bell bottom jumpsuits or palazzos, long maxi shirt waister, layered capes, column dresses, boleros, gilets, a flash of red for the lining of a floor kissing cape and sari gowns that continued to mesmerise the fashion lovers. The colours soon moved to pastel and pretty shades of pale sea green making a great seaside choice for lazy lounging. At times the dual printed palazzos were interesting with shimmering cropped tops; or the dhoti pants teamed with bralet and waistcoat.  The pale pink and blue floral print collection appeared for flared floor skimming belted skirts worn with broad horizontal striped cholis; while the final formal wear visual drama revolved around glittering red gowns, kurtas, lehengas and cholis.  Adding to the flavour of the collection, Sabyasachi had designed matching wedges, embroidered slip-ons, colourful moccasins, monk sandals, messenger and handbags that were in dual sling or shoulder styles to complement the garments. But I loved the slim waist belts with a metallic panther motif on it.  Over all the event was high octane with many celeb attendance like Deepika Padukone, Rani Mukherkee, Kiran Rao, Farhan Akhtar, Adhuna Akhtar to name a few. Sabyasachi made a grand opening at the Lakme Fashion Week and has set high example for others to follow.  For the jet setting trendy fashion followers around the world Sabyasachi Mukherjee’s Resort 2015 collection “Big Love” was one of the most amazing openings ever seen for a fashion event in India. The show definitely set new fashion directions on how to dress when the mercury sours and the sun shines brightly. The venue was unconventional – the fabulous rustic grounds of Richardson and Cruddas Mills in the heart of Mumbai. The ramp was a never ending 200 x 20 feet, with high-tech multi laser lights, roving drone and camera mounted on gantry. There were 62 models and 105 outfits for the evening.  He started with a lot of blacks, reds and shimmery colours and I wondered how that fits into the Spring/Summer genre. Then I realised that the fabric was light and the embroidery minimal so that evening fashion can look glamorous. Of course, a fashionista would like to have some bling moments in the summer evening.  There were pre-stitched draped saris, toga gowns, with shimmering hemlines, saris with net extensions and jumpsuits with sheer net capes.  Gradually moving into a colour story of brown, grey and beige, there were bell bottom jumpsuits or palazzos, long maxi shirt waister, layered capes, column dresses, boleros, gilets, a flash of red for the lining of a floor kissing cape and sari gowns that continued to mesmerise the fashion lovers. The colours soon moved to pastel and pretty shades of pale sea green making a great seaside choice for lazy lounging. At times the dual printed palazzos were interesting with shimmering cropped tops; or the dhoti pants teamed with bralet and waistcoat.  The pale pink and blue floral print collection appeared for flared floor skimming belted skirts worn with broad horizontal striped cholis; while the final formal wear visual drama revolved around glittering red gowns, kurtas, lehengas and cholis.  Adding to the flavour of the collection, Sabyasachi had designed matching wedges, embroidered slip-ons, colourful moccasins, monk sandals, messenger and handbags that were in dual sling or shoulder styles to complement the garments. But I loved the slim waist belts with a metallic panther motif on it.  Over all the event was high octane with many celeb attendance like Deepika Padukone, Rani Mukherkee, Kiran Rao, Farhan Akhtar, Adhuna Akhtar to name a few. Sabyasachi made a grand opening at the Lakme Fashion Week and has set high example for others to follow.  Lakme Fashion Week Spring/Summer 2015 starts from today that is 18th March and will go on till 22 March. I was browsing through the pre-fashion-week releases when I came across these two designers and their collection. Neha Agarwal and Rimi Nayak have some interesting colourful prints and silhouettes for the upcoming fashion week. Here is a preview of what they are going to showcase during Lakme Fashion Week.  Russian inspired silhouettes and motifs fused with Indian fabrics and techniques are the crux of Neha Agarwal’s this year’s collection. Usage of intricate hand-embroidered appliqués on georgette, ahimsa, dupion, pure mal, tussar and pattu silk on Russian inspired artwork makes this array of designs one of a kind.  The collection is a reminder of form-fitting fashion of early 1900s Russia. Eye-catching dresses and bamboo denim jackets with cape collars, adorned with cross-stitch detailing and floral embroidery; circular dresses with hand block printed motifs and denim crop tops with printed Russian dolls and flared jumpsuits in pure silk with a denim bodice and embroidered scalloped sleeves complete this resplendent collection. ​”It is an always a pleasure being a part of the Lakme Fashion Week. I’ve worked ardently to create my designs – I eagerly wait for the show to begin.” says the young designer, Neha Agarwal.​​ A vibrant combination of bold colours and geometric shapes combine to create this lovely collection by Rimi Nayak that is synonymous with travel maps. Inspired by cartographic art of the modern era this collection takes you on a road of travel and discovery. Cartography, the art of making maps, is an age-old technique which is represented in the collection graphically and through a plethora of interwoven webs of intricate surface-embellishment techniques, forming the thematic base. Various hand-crafted techniques like cutwork, thread-texturing and hand-embroidery can be seen in this artistic collection. The shades of blue and green predominantly feature in the collection along with highlights of bright vibrant colours.  Rimi says, “It’s good to be back! The past few days have been crazy and I am eagerly awaiting to reveal my collection. I’ve been travelling quite a lot in the past few months and that is how the collection ‘Trail Tales’ was born.  I’m pretty excited to showcase my designs for the 7th LFW season.”  What do you think about these designs? Do leave a comment below. Lakme Fashion Week Spring/Summer 2015 starts from today that is 18th March and will go on till 22 March. I was browsing through the pre-fashion-week releases when I came across these two designers and their collection. Neha Agarwal and Rimi Nayak have some interesting colourful prints and silhouettes for the upcoming fashion week. Here is a preview of what they are going to showcase during Lakme Fashion Week.  Russian inspired silhouettes and motifs fused with Indian fabrics and techniques are the crux of Neha Agarwal’s this year’s collection. Usage of intricate hand-embroidered appliqués on georgette, ahimsa, dupion, pure mal, tussar and pattu silk on Russian inspired artwork makes this array of designs one of a kind.  The collection is a reminder of form-fitting fashion of early 1900s Russia. Eye-catching dresses and bamboo denim jackets with cape collars, adorned with cross-stitch detailing and floral embroidery; circular dresses with hand block printed motifs and denim crop tops with printed Russian dolls and flared jumpsuits in pure silk with a denim bodice and embroidered scalloped sleeves complete this resplendent collection. ​”It is an always a pleasure being a part of the Lakme Fashion Week. I’ve worked ardently to create my designs – I eagerly wait for the show to begin.” says the young designer, Neha Agarwal.​​ A vibrant combination of bold colours and geometric shapes combine to create this lovely collection by Rimi Nayak that is synonymous with travel maps. Inspired by cartographic art of the modern era this collection takes you on a road of travel and discovery. Cartography, the art of making maps, is an age-old technique which is represented in the collection graphically and through a plethora of interwoven webs of intricate surface-embellishment techniques, forming the thematic base. Various hand-crafted techniques like cutwork, thread-texturing and hand-embroidery can be seen in this artistic collection. The shades of blue and green predominantly feature in the collection along with highlights of bright vibrant colours.  Rimi says, “It’s good to be back! The past few days have been crazy and I am eagerly awaiting to reveal my collection. I’ve been travelling quite a lot in the past few months and that is how the collection ‘Trail Tales’ was born.  I’m pretty excited to showcase my designs for the 7th LFW season.”  What do you think about these designs? Do leave a comment below. Lakme Fashion Week Spring/Summer 2015 starts from today that is 18th March and will go on till 22 March. I was browsing through the pre-fashion-week releases when I came across these two designers and their collection. Neha Agarwal and Rimi Nayak have some interesting colourful prints and silhouettes for the upcoming fashion week. Here is a preview of what they are going to showcase during Lakme Fashion Week.  Russian inspired silhouettes and motifs fused with Indian fabrics and techniques are the crux of Neha Agarwal’s this year’s collection. Usage of intricate hand-embroidered appliqués on georgette, ahimsa, dupion, pure mal, tussar and pattu silk on Russian inspired artwork makes this array of designs one of a kind.  The collection is a reminder of form-fitting fashion of early 1900s Russia. Eye-catching dresses and bamboo denim jackets with cape collars, adorned with cross-stitch detailing and floral embroidery; circular dresses with hand block printed motifs and denim crop tops with printed Russian dolls and flared jumpsuits in pure silk with a denim bodice and embroidered scalloped sleeves complete this resplendent collection. ​”It is an always a pleasure being a part of the Lakme Fashion Week. I’ve worked ardently to create my designs – I eagerly wait for the show to begin.” says the young designer, Neha Agarwal.​​ A vibrant combination of bold colours and geometric shapes combine to create this lovely collection by Rimi Nayak that is synonymous with travel maps. Inspired by cartographic art of the modern era this collection takes you on a road of travel and discovery. Cartography, the art of making maps, is an age-old technique which is represented in the collection graphically and through a plethora of interwoven webs of intricate surface-embellishment techniques, forming the thematic base. Various hand-crafted techniques like cutwork, thread-texturing and hand-embroidery can be seen in this artistic collection. The shades of blue and green predominantly feature in the collection along with highlights of bright vibrant colours.  Rimi says, “It’s good to be back! The past few days have been crazy and I am eagerly awaiting to reveal my collection. I’ve been travelling quite a lot in the past few months and that is how the collection ‘Trail Tales’ was born.  I’m pretty excited to showcase my designs for the 7th LFW season.”  What do you think about these designs? Do leave a comment below. Lakme Fashion Week Spring/Summer 2015 starts from today that is 18th March and will go on till 22 March. I was browsing through the pre-fashion-week releases when I came across these two designers and their collection. Neha Agarwal and Rimi Nayak have some interesting colourful prints and silhouettes for the upcoming fashion week. Here is a preview of what they are going to showcase during Lakme Fashion Week.  Russian inspired silhouettes and motifs fused with Indian fabrics and techniques are the crux of Neha Agarwal’s this year’s collection. Usage of intricate hand-embroidered appliqués on georgette, ahimsa, dupion, pure mal, tussar and pattu silk on Russian inspired artwork makes this array of designs one of a kind.  The collection is a reminder of form-fitting fashion of early 1900s Russia. Eye-catching dresses and bamboo denim jackets with cape collars, adorned with cross-stitch detailing and floral embroidery; circular dresses with hand block printed motifs and denim crop tops with printed Russian dolls and flared jumpsuits in pure silk with a denim bodice and embroidered scalloped sleeves complete this resplendent collection. ​”It is an always a pleasure being a part of the Lakme Fashion Week. I’ve worked ardently to create my designs – I eagerly wait for the show to begin.” says the young designer, Neha Agarwal.​​ A vibrant combination of bold colours and geometric shapes combine to create this lovely collection by Rimi Nayak that is synonymous with travel maps. Inspired by cartographic art of the modern era this collection takes you on a road of travel and discovery. Cartography, the art of making maps, is an age-old technique which is represented in the collection graphically and through a plethora of interwoven webs of intricate surface-embellishment techniques, forming the thematic base. Various hand-crafted techniques like cutwork, thread-texturing and hand-embroidery can be seen in this artistic collection. The shades of blue and green predominantly feature in the collection along with highlights of bright vibrant colours.  Rimi says, “It’s good to be back! The past few days have been crazy and I am eagerly awaiting to reveal my collection. I’ve been travelling quite a lot in the past few months and that is how the collection ‘Trail Tales’ was born.  I’m pretty excited to showcase my designs for the 7th LFW season.”  What do you think about these designs? Do leave a comment below. Are you a shoe lover like me? Ok, more like a shoe hoarder like me? Then you should read the recent trends doing the rounds in the fashion circle. Spring/Summer 2015 will see your shoes more colourful than your garden. Yes, florals it is. The vintage floral designs have made a major come back in the shoes. Starting from flats, to heels, to boots, to pumps; you will find floral prints on them.  Recently, I went to the launch of Spring/Summer collection launch of Aldo Shoes. I saw a many floral designs in pointed toe pumps, block heels as well as other accessories. Very pretty pieces influenced by vintage fashion which can be easily paired with skirts and dresses. Not only Aldo, but Steve Madden has launched its new collection in bold floral prints. For Spring 2015, Steve Madden has designed with prints and embellishments, ranging from espadrilles and flat sandals to sneakers and party heels. The graphic floral shoes are available in all styles, like flat sandals, white platform block heels, single sole heels, etc. It is a must have, especially the platform block heels as these will instantly give you style quotient with your summer dresses.  I want to also talk about wearable technology in shoes. Yes, an Indian company has invented a shoe as well as a sole which can help you to count calories, count your steps, tracks your calories burnt and meet your fitness goals. The company is called ‘Lechal’ like in hindi ‘Le-Chal’. The shoe comes with a charger and an application that can be downloaded on Android/IOS/Windows phones. The shoe pairs up with the phone application through Bluetooth and takes all commands. Through the App the user can set goals, create custom workout sessions and much more. You can tag locations, set destinations, start/stop/pause navigation, all by executing simple foot gestures. The design is extremely futuristic. Would love to have a pair and review it? But it is yet to come in the market.  What do you think about the latest trends? Which one is your favorite? Do leave a comment below?    Are you a shoe lover like me? Ok, more like a shoe hoarder like me? Then you should read the recent trends doing the rounds in the fashion circle. Spring/Summer 2015 will see your shoes more colourful than your garden. Yes, florals it is. The vintage floral designs have made a major come back in the shoes. Starting from flats, to heels, to boots, to pumps; you will find floral prints on them.  Recently, I went to the launch of Spring/Summer collection launch of Aldo Shoes. I saw a many floral designs in pointed toe pumps, block heels as well as other accessories. Very pretty pieces influenced by vintage fashion which can be easily paired with skirts and dresses. Not only Aldo, but Steve Madden has launched its new collection in bold floral prints. For Spring 2015, Steve Madden has designed with prints and embellishments, ranging from espadrilles and flat sandals to sneakers and party heels. The graphic floral shoes are available in all styles, like flat sandals, white platform block heels, single sole heels, etc. It is a must have, especially the platform block heels as these will instantly give you style quotient with your summer dresses.  I want to also talk about wearable technology in shoes. Yes, an Indian company has invented a shoe as well as a sole which can help you to count calories, count your steps, tracks your calories burnt and meet your fitness goals. The company is called ‘Lechal’ like in hindi ‘Le-Chal’. The shoe comes with a charger and an application that can be downloaded on Android/IOS/Windows phones. The shoe pairs up with the phone application through Bluetooth and takes all commands. Through the App the user can set goals, create custom workout sessions and much more. You can tag locations, set destinations, start/stop/pause navigation, all by executing simple foot gestures. The design is extremely futuristic. Would love to have a pair and review it? But it is yet to come in the market.  What do you think about the latest trends? Which one is your favorite? Do leave a comment below?    Are you a shoe lover like me? Ok, more like a shoe hoarder like me? Then you should read the recent trends doing the rounds in the fashion circle. Spring/Summer 2015 will see your shoes more colourful than your garden. Yes, florals it is. The vintage floral designs have made a major come back in the shoes. Starting from flats, to heels, to boots, to pumps; you will find floral prints on them.  Recently, I went to the launch of Spring/Summer collection launch of Aldo Shoes. I saw a many floral designs in pointed toe pumps, block heels as well as other accessories. Very pretty pieces influenced by vintage fashion which can be easily paired with skirts and dresses. Not only Aldo, but Steve Madden has launched its new collection in bold floral prints. For Spring 2015, Steve Madden has designed with prints and embellishments, ranging from espadrilles and flat sandals to sneakers and party heels. The graphic floral shoes are available in all styles, like flat sandals, white platform block heels, single sole heels, etc. It is a must have, especially the platform block heels as these will instantly give you style quotient with your summer dresses.  I want to also talk about wearable technology in shoes. Yes, an Indian company has invented a shoe as well as a sole which can help you to count calories, count your steps, tracks your calories burnt and meet your fitness goals. The company is called ‘Lechal’ like in hindi ‘Le-Chal’. The shoe comes with a charger and an application that can be downloaded on Android/IOS/Windows phones. The shoe pairs up with the phone application through Bluetooth and takes all commands. Through the App the user can set goals, create custom workout sessions and much more. You can tag locations, set destinations, start/stop/pause navigation, all by executing simple foot gestures. The design is extremely futuristic. Would love to have a pair and review it? But it is yet to come in the market.  What do you think about the latest trends? Which one is your favorite? Do leave a comment below?    Are you a shoe lover like me? Ok, more like a shoe hoarder like me? Then you should read the recent trends doing the rounds in the fashion circle. Spring/Summer 2015 will see your shoes more colourful than your garden. Yes, florals it is. The vintage floral designs have made a major come back in the shoes. Starting from flats, to heels, to boots, to pumps; you will find floral prints on them.  Recently, I went to the launch of Spring/Summer collection launch of Aldo Shoes. I saw a many floral designs in pointed toe pumps, block heels as well as other accessories. Very pretty pieces influenced by vintage fashion which can be easily paired with skirts and dresses. Not only Aldo, but Steve Madden has launched its new collection in bold floral prints. For Spring 2015, Steve Madden has designed with prints and embellishments, ranging from espadrilles and flat sandals to sneakers and party heels. The graphic floral shoes are available in all styles, like flat sandals, white platform block heels, single sole heels, etc. It is a must have, especially the platform block heels as these will instantly give you style quotient with your summer dresses.  I want to also talk about wearable technology in shoes. Yes, an Indian company has invented a shoe as well as a sole which can help you to count calories, count your steps, tracks your calories burnt and meet your fitness goals. The company is called ‘Lechal’ like in hindi ‘Le-Chal’. The shoe comes with a charger and an application that can be downloaded on Android/IOS/Windows phones. The shoe pairs up with the phone application through Bluetooth and takes all commands. Through the App the user can set goals, create custom workout sessions and much more. You can tag locations, set destinations, start/stop/pause navigation, all by executing simple foot gestures. The design is extremely futuristic. Would love to have a pair and review it? But it is yet to come in the market.  What do you think about the latest trends? Which one is your favorite? Do leave a comment below?    Max Fashion Icon India 2015 would traverse through the cities of Lucknow, Pune, Hyderabad and Bhopal this year to hand pick fresh talents. The shortlisted candidates from these cities will go through a series of grooming sessions by industry expert to prepare them for the Grand finale.  Finale scheduled to take place in Delhi by end of March. The winners of the Max Fashion Icon 2015 will get a portfolio shot by Cosmopolitan magazine and will be featured in cosmopolitan exclusive along with Cash prize worth Rs 2.5 lacs each. All those who think that they can be the next face of fashion can appear for an audition on 26th Feb at Season Mall, Pune. Eligibility criteria – Age of participants should be between 18 to 23 years Participant’s marital status should be single Minimum height requirement – 5’6” for females and 5’10” for males Participants should be of Indian nationality To register for the pageant, please log on to http://bit.ly/MFI2015Registration Commenting on the pageant, Mr. Vasanth Kumar, Executive Director – Max Fashion said, “Max being one of the biggest brands in the city synonymous with international fashion has a strong youth following. Our core brand value is to democratize fashion making it accessible to everyone. Keeping with this philosophy, we launched a platform aimed at unveiling young and aspiring fashionistas and provide them with an ultimate launch pad to be the country’s next fashion icon. Being the biggest value fashion brand of the city, it gives us immense pleasure to be known for not just a brand that facilitates fashion at great prices but also as a brand that builds great careers in fashion.” So, what are you waiting for? Register now. Max Fashion Icon India 2015 would traverse through the cities of Lucknow, Pune, Hyderabad and Bhopal this year to hand pick fresh talents. The shortlisted candidates from these cities will go through a series of grooming sessions by industry expert to prepare them for the Grand finale.  Finale scheduled to take place in Delhi by end of March. The winners of the Max Fashion Icon 2015 will get a portfolio shot by Cosmopolitan magazine and will be featured in cosmopolitan exclusive along with Cash prize worth Rs 2.5 lacs each. All those who think that they can be the next face of fashion can appear for an audition on 26th Feb at Season Mall, Pune. Eligibility criteria – Age of participants should be between 18 to 23 years Participant’s marital status should be single Minimum height requirement – 5’6” for females and 5’10” for males Participants should be of Indian nationality To register for the pageant, please log on to http://bit.ly/MFI2015Registration Commenting on the pageant, Mr. Vasanth Kumar, Executive Director – Max Fashion said, “Max being one of the biggest brands in the city synonymous with international fashion has a strong youth following. Our core brand value is to democratize fashion making it accessible to everyone. Keeping with this philosophy, we launched a platform aimed at unveiling young and aspiring fashionistas and provide them with an ultimate launch pad to be the country’s next fashion icon. Being the biggest value fashion brand of the city, it gives us immense pleasure to be known for not just a brand that facilitates fashion at great prices but also as a brand that builds great careers in fashion.” So, what are you waiting for? Register now. Max Fashion Icon India 2015 would traverse through the cities of Lucknow, Pune, Hyderabad and Bhopal this year to hand pick fresh talents. The shortlisted candidates from these cities will go through a series of grooming sessions by industry expert to prepare them for the Grand finale.  Finale scheduled to take place in Delhi by end of March. The winners of the Max Fashion Icon 2015 will get a portfolio shot by Cosmopolitan magazine and will be featured in cosmopolitan exclusive along with Cash prize worth Rs 2.5 lacs each. All those who think that they can be the next face of fashion can appear for an audition on 26th Feb at Season Mall, Pune. Eligibility criteria – Age of participants should be between 18 to 23 years Participant’s marital status should be single Minimum height requirement – 5’6” for females and 5’10” for males Participants should be of Indian nationality To register for the pageant, please log on to http://bit.ly/MFI2015Registration Commenting on the pageant, Mr. Vasanth Kumar, Executive Director – Max Fashion said, “Max being one of the biggest brands in the city synonymous with international fashion has a strong youth following. Our core brand value is to democratize fashion making it accessible to everyone. Keeping with this philosophy, we launched a platform aimed at unveiling young and aspiring fashionistas and provide them with an ultimate launch pad to be the country’s next fashion icon. Being the biggest value fashion brand of the city, it gives us immense pleasure to be known for not just a brand that facilitates fashion at great prices but also as a brand that builds great careers in fashion.” So, what are you waiting for? Register now. Max Fashion Icon India 2015 would traverse through the cities of Lucknow, Pune, Hyderabad and Bhopal this year to hand pick fresh talents. The shortlisted candidates from these cities will go through a series of grooming sessions by industry expert to prepare them for the Grand finale.  Finale scheduled to take place in Delhi by end of March. The winners of the Max Fashion Icon 2015 will get a portfolio shot by Cosmopolitan magazine and will be featured in cosmopolitan exclusive along with Cash prize worth Rs 2.5 lacs each. All those who think that they can be the next face of fashion can appear for an audition on 26th Feb at Season Mall, Pune. Eligibility criteria – Age of participants should be between 18 to 23 years Participant’s marital status should be single Minimum height requirement – 5’6” for females and 5’10” for males Participants should be of Indian nationality To register for the pageant, please log on to http://bit.ly/MFI2015Registration Commenting on the pageant, Mr. Vasanth Kumar, Executive Director – Max Fashion said, “Max being one of the biggest brands in the city synonymous with international fashion has a strong youth following. Our core brand value is to democratize fashion making it accessible to everyone. Keeping with this philosophy, we launched a platform aimed at unveiling young and aspiring fashionistas and provide them with an ultimate launch pad to be the country’s next fashion icon. Being the biggest value fashion brand of the city, it gives us immense pleasure to be known for not just a brand that facilitates fashion at great prices but also as a brand that builds great careers in fashion.” So, what are you waiting for? Register now. Mumbaigloss was invited to the first anniversary bash of Harper’s Bazaar Bride issue recently. Here are the details of the event.  India Today Group launched HARPER’S BAZAAR BRIDE in 2014, setting newer heights since on fine fashion and celebration with each passing issue. HARPER’S BAZAAR BRIDE is India’s first premium wedding magazine targeting luxury enthusiasts for their very special nuptial occasion, alongside the family and friends. From haute couture to haute cuisine, every luxurious aspect of the new-age big fat Indian wedding finds its rightful place in the magazine. This February, HARPER’S BAZAAR BRIDE celebrated its 1st anniversary, completing a successful year of elegant expertise on super-chic weddings, forward fashion, beauty and style, home and havens, hot travel escapades, spectacular soirees, and more. On Feb 12th of this month, an extravagant anniversary soiree marked this very special occasion at Asilo, Palladium Hotel, Mumbai. Seen at the party were Esha Gupta, Tanishaa Mukerjee, Abu Jani and Sandeep Khosla, Falguni and Shane Peacock, Kalyani Saha, Darshan Kumar, Priya Kataria Puri, Marielou Philips, Anand Kabra, Ashish Shah, Sapna Pabbi, Ali Fazal, Sunil and Kiran Datwani, Farah Khan Ali, Nethra Raghuraman and many other glitterati in attendance. The anniversary issue itself is a hardbound collectors edition — with superstar Hrithik Roshan gracing the cover alongside the country’s top models Erika, Dayana, and Smita. Inside is the most extravagant spread of fabulous style, planning, and travel content curated by 100+ guest editors exclusively. Sanjay Thapar, CEO and Publisher, Lifestyle Division, India Today Group adds, “HARPER’S BAZAAR BRIDE is a benchmark in the industry on a number of fronts. It’s the first ever luxury bridal magazine to come out with 10 issues a year. Covering multiple aspects of the wedding just beyond the bride. So creating a Bridal Black Book hard-bound collector’s edition is the most fitting creation for our anniversary edition. I am delighted to see it come to life in this form.” Says Editor Nupur Mehta Puri, “Bringing forth the finest couture and style, HARPER’S BAZAAR BRIDE is the ultimate go-to book for the young and glamorous bride. It has been a fabulous first year for the magazine, and the response has been phenomenal. The anniversary hard-bound Bridal Black Book features the most luxurious fashion and planning services for the modern bride. It is a preview for bigger and better things lined up for next year.” Mumbaigloss was invited to the first anniversary bash of Harper’s Bazaar Bride issue recently. Here are the details of the event.  India Today Group launched HARPER’S BAZAAR BRIDE in 2014, setting newer heights since on fine fashion and celebration with each passing issue. HARPER’S BAZAAR BRIDE is India’s first premium wedding magazine targeting luxury enthusiasts for their very special nuptial occasion, alongside the family and friends. From haute couture to haute cuisine, every luxurious aspect of the new-age big fat Indian wedding finds its rightful place in the magazine. This February, HARPER’S BAZAAR BRIDE celebrated its 1st anniversary, completing a successful year of elegant expertise on super-chic weddings, forward fashion, beauty and style, home and havens, hot travel escapades, spectacular soirees, and more. On Feb 12th of this month, an extravagant anniversary soiree marked this very special occasion at Asilo, Palladium Hotel, Mumbai. Seen at the party were Esha Gupta, Tanishaa Mukerjee, Abu Jani and Sandeep Khosla, Falguni and Shane Peacock, Kalyani Saha, Darshan Kumar, Priya Kataria Puri, Marielou Philips, Anand Kabra, Ashish Shah, Sapna Pabbi, Ali Fazal, Sunil and Kiran Datwani, Farah Khan Ali, Nethra Raghuraman and many other glitterati in attendance. The anniversary issue itself is a hardbound collectors edition — with superstar Hrithik Roshan gracing the cover alongside the country’s top models Erika, Dayana, and Smita. Inside is the most extravagant spread of fabulous style, planning, and travel content curated by 100+ guest editors exclusively. Sanjay Thapar, CEO and Publisher, Lifestyle Division, India Today Group adds, “HARPER’S BAZAAR BRIDE is a benchmark in the industry on a number of fronts. It’s the first ever luxury bridal magazine to come out with 10 issues a year. Covering multiple aspects of the wedding just beyond the bride. So creating a Bridal Black Book hard-bound collector’s edition is the most fitting creation for our anniversary edition. I am delighted to see it come to life in this form.” Says Editor Nupur Mehta Puri, “Bringing forth the finest couture and style, HARPER’S BAZAAR BRIDE is the ultimate go-to book for the young and glamorous bride. It has been a fabulous first year for the magazine, and the response has been phenomenal. The anniversary hard-bound Bridal Black Book features the most luxurious fashion and planning services for the modern bride. It is a preview for bigger and better things lined up for next year.” Mumbaigloss was invited to the first anniversary bash of Harper’s Bazaar Bride issue recently. Here are the details of the event.  India Today Group launched HARPER’S BAZAAR BRIDE in 2014, setting newer heights since on fine fashion and celebration with each passing issue. HARPER’S BAZAAR BRIDE is India’s first premium wedding magazine targeting luxury enthusiasts for their very special nuptial occasion, alongside the family and friends. From haute couture to haute cuisine, every luxurious aspect of the new-age big fat Indian wedding finds its rightful place in the magazine. This February, HARPER’S BAZAAR BRIDE celebrated its 1st anniversary, completing a successful year of elegant expertise on super-chic weddings, forward fashion, beauty and style, home and havens, hot travel escapades, spectacular soirees, and more. On Feb 12th of this month, an extravagant anniversary soiree marked this very special occasion at Asilo, Palladium Hotel, Mumbai. Seen at the party were Esha Gupta, Tanishaa Mukerjee, Abu Jani and Sandeep Khosla, Falguni and Shane Peacock, Kalyani Saha, Darshan Kumar, Priya Kataria Puri, Marielou Philips, Anand Kabra, Ashish Shah, Sapna Pabbi, Ali Fazal, Sunil and Kiran Datwani, Farah Khan Ali, Nethra Raghuraman and many other glitterati in attendance. The anniversary issue itself is a hardbound collectors edition — with superstar Hrithik Roshan gracing the cover alongside the country’s top models Erika, Dayana, and Smita. Inside is the most extravagant spread of fabulous style, planning, and travel content curated by 100+ guest editors exclusively. Sanjay Thapar, CEO and Publisher, Lifestyle Division, India Today Group adds, “HARPER’S BAZAAR BRIDE is a benchmark in the industry on a number of fronts. It’s the first ever luxury bridal magazine to come out with 10 issues a year. Covering multiple aspects of the wedding just beyond the bride. So creating a Bridal Black Book hard-bound collector’s edition is the most fitting creation for our anniversary edition. I am delighted to see it come to life in this form.” Says Editor Nupur Mehta Puri, “Bringing forth the finest couture and style, HARPER’S BAZAAR BRIDE is the ultimate go-to book for the young and glamorous bride. It has been a fabulous first year for the magazine, and the response has been phenomenal. The anniversary hard-bound Bridal Black Book features the most luxurious fashion and planning services for the modern bride. It is a preview for bigger and better things lined up for next year.” Mumbaigloss was invited to the first anniversary bash of Harper’s Bazaar Bride issue recently. Here are the details of the event.  India Today Group launched HARPER’S BAZAAR BRIDE in 2014, setting newer heights since on fine fashion and celebration with each passing issue. HARPER’S BAZAAR BRIDE is India’s first premium wedding magazine targeting luxury enthusiasts for their very special nuptial occasion, alongside the family and friends. From haute couture to haute cuisine, every luxurious aspect of the new-age big fat Indian wedding finds its rightful place in the magazine. This February, HARPER’S BAZAAR BRIDE celebrated its 1st anniversary, completing a successful year of elegant expertise on super-chic weddings, forward fashion, beauty and style, home and havens, hot travel escapades, spectacular soirees, and more. On Feb 12th of this month, an extravagant anniversary soiree marked this very special occasion at Asilo, Palladium Hotel, Mumbai. Seen at the party were Esha Gupta, Tanishaa Mukerjee, Abu Jani and Sandeep Khosla, Falguni and Shane Peacock, Kalyani Saha, Darshan Kumar, Priya Kataria Puri, Marielou Philips, Anand Kabra, Ashish Shah, Sapna Pabbi, Ali Fazal, Sunil and Kiran Datwani, Farah Khan Ali, Nethra Raghuraman and many other glitterati in attendance. The anniversary issue itself is a hardbound collectors edition — with superstar Hrithik Roshan gracing the cover alongside the country’s top models Erika, Dayana, and Smita. Inside is the most extravagant spread of fabulous style, planning, and travel content curated by 100+ guest editors exclusively. Sanjay Thapar, CEO and Publisher, Lifestyle Division, India Today Group adds, “HARPER’S BAZAAR BRIDE is a benchmark in the industry on a number of fronts. It’s the first ever luxury bridal magazine to come out with 10 issues a year. Covering multiple aspects of the wedding just beyond the bride. So creating a Bridal Black Book hard-bound collector’s edition is the most fitting creation for our anniversary edition. I am delighted to see it come to life in this form.” Says Editor Nupur Mehta Puri, “Bringing forth the finest couture and style, HARPER’S BAZAAR BRIDE is the ultimate go-to book for the young and glamorous bride. It has been a fabulous first year for the magazine, and the response has been phenomenal. The anniversary hard-bound Bridal Black Book features the most luxurious fashion and planning services for the modern bride. It is a preview for bigger and better things lined up for next year.” Lakme Fashion Week is auditioning for models? If you think you fit the bill then do participate. You never know you might be India’s next super model.  Here are the details:  So, what are you waiting for? Apply now. Lakme Fashion Week is auditioning for models? If you think you fit the bill then do participate. You never know you might be India’s next super model.  Here are the details:  So, what are you waiting for? Apply now. Lakme Fashion Week is auditioning for models? If you think you fit the bill then do participate. You never know you might be India’s next super model.  Here are the details:  So, what are you waiting for? Apply now. Lakme Fashion Week is auditioning for models? If you think you fit the bill then do participate. You never know you might be India’s next super model.  Here are the details:  So, what are you waiting for? Apply now. The Gionee India Beach Fashion Week 2015 took off with great aplomb. Designer Anupamaa Dayal kicked off the show with “Masti” and the joie de vivre typical of the designer’s signature style. Flowers bloomed on the ramp through the designer’s colourful and vibrant collection along with her eclectic jewellery line. The collection matched the celebratory tone of the launch of the first edition of Gionee IBFW. Dolly Sindhwani got a lot of Bollywood supporters at her show. Ex VJ/Actor Amrita Arora-Ladak and actor Ali Fazal opened the show to catcalls and whistles by the star-studded front row including Dolly’s husband Ritesh Sidhwani, Sanjay and Maheep Kapoor, Chunkey and Bhavana Pandey, Zoya Akhtar, Sarah Jane Dias and Adhuna Akhtar among others. Designer Shriti Pratap showcased a stellar collection of exotic prints in beach and resort wear in an eclectic range of silhouettes. Fashion designer Komal Sood and jewellery designer Mona Shroff showcased an enthralling collection individually for the Gionee India Beach Fashion Week 2015. Designer Komal Sood’s garments were inspired by the Greek Goddess, also known as the Queen of the seas, Amphitrite. Jewellery designer Mona Shroff showed exclusive and exquisite collection of resort and beach wear jewellery especially crafted to ensure that one remains stylish even while frolicking on the beach or taking a dip in the sea.  Designers Karan Malhotra showed his individual collections for the Gionee India Beach Fashion Week 2015. He showed an interesting use of nautical elements for his Resort Wear collection. Designer Raakesh Agarvwal showcased a collection inspired by the Ozora Music Festival the Gionee India Beach Fashion Week, 2015. Chirag Nainani from Paper Doll Company also created sensation with his designs at the event. What do you feel about these fashion statements? Do leave a comment below. The Gionee India Beach Fashion Week 2015 took off with great aplomb. Designer Anupamaa Dayal kicked off the show with “Masti” and the joie de vivre typical of the designer’s signature style. Flowers bloomed on the ramp through the designer’s colourful and vibrant collection along with her eclectic jewellery line. The collection matched the celebratory tone of the launch of the first edition of Gionee IBFW. Dolly Sindhwani got a lot of Bollywood supporters at her show. Ex VJ/Actor Amrita Arora-Ladak and actor Ali Fazal opened the show to catcalls and whistles by the star-studded front row including Dolly’s husband Ritesh Sidhwani, Sanjay and Maheep Kapoor, Chunkey and Bhavana Pandey, Zoya Akhtar, Sarah Jane Dias and Adhuna Akhtar among others. Designer Shriti Pratap showcased a stellar collection of exotic prints in beach and resort wear in an eclectic range of silhouettes. Fashion designer Komal Sood and jewellery designer Mona Shroff showcased an enthralling collection individually for the Gionee India Beach Fashion Week 2015. Designer Komal Sood’s garments were inspired by the Greek Goddess, also known as the Queen of the seas, Amphitrite. Jewellery designer Mona Shroff showed exclusive and exquisite collection of resort and beach wear jewellery especially crafted to ensure that one remains stylish even while frolicking on the beach or taking a dip in the sea.  Designers Karan Malhotra showed his individual collections for the Gionee India Beach Fashion Week 2015. He showed an interesting use of nautical elements for his Resort Wear collection. Designer Raakesh Agarvwal showcased a collection inspired by the Ozora Music Festival the Gionee India Beach Fashion Week, 2015. Chirag Nainani from Paper Doll Company also created sensation with his designs at the event. What do you feel about these fashion statements? Do leave a comment below. The Gionee India Beach Fashion Week 2015 took off with great aplomb. Designer Anupamaa Dayal kicked off the show with “Masti” and the joie de vivre typical of the designer’s signature style. Flowers bloomed on the ramp through the designer’s colourful and vibrant collection along with her eclectic jewellery line. The collection matched the celebratory tone of the launch of the first edition of Gionee IBFW. Dolly Sindhwani got a lot of Bollywood supporters at her show. Ex VJ/Actor Amrita Arora-Ladak and actor Ali Fazal opened the show to catcalls and whistles by the star-studded front row including Dolly’s husband Ritesh Sidhwani, Sanjay and Maheep Kapoor, Chunkey and Bhavana Pandey, Zoya Akhtar, Sarah Jane Dias and Adhuna Akhtar among others. Designer Shriti Pratap showcased a stellar collection of exotic prints in beach and resort wear in an eclectic range of silhouettes. Fashion designer Komal Sood and jewellery designer Mona Shroff showcased an enthralling collection individually for the Gionee India Beach Fashion Week 2015. Designer Komal Sood’s garments were inspired by the Greek Goddess, also known as the Queen of the seas, Amphitrite. Jewellery designer Mona Shroff showed exclusive and exquisite collection of resort and beach wear jewellery especially crafted to ensure that one remains stylish even while frolicking on the beach or taking a dip in the sea.  Designers Karan Malhotra showed his individual collections for the Gionee India Beach Fashion Week 2015. He showed an interesting use of nautical elements for his Resort Wear collection. Designer Raakesh Agarvwal showcased a collection inspired by the Ozora Music Festival the Gionee India Beach Fashion Week, 2015. Chirag Nainani from Paper Doll Company also created sensation with his designs at the event. What do you feel about these fashion statements? Do leave a comment below. The Gionee India Beach Fashion Week 2015 took off with great aplomb. Designer Anupamaa Dayal kicked off the show with “Masti” and the joie de vivre typical of the designer’s signature style. Flowers bloomed on the ramp through the designer’s colourful and vibrant collection along with her eclectic jewellery line. The collection matched the celebratory tone of the launch of the first edition of Gionee IBFW. Dolly Sindhwani got a lot of Bollywood supporters at her show. Ex VJ/Actor Amrita Arora-Ladak and actor Ali Fazal opened the show to catcalls and whistles by the star-studded front row including Dolly’s husband Ritesh Sidhwani, Sanjay and Maheep Kapoor, Chunkey and Bhavana Pandey, Zoya Akhtar, Sarah Jane Dias and Adhuna Akhtar among others. Designer Shriti Pratap showcased a stellar collection of exotic prints in beach and resort wear in an eclectic range of silhouettes. Fashion designer Komal Sood and jewellery designer Mona Shroff showcased an enthralling collection individually for the Gionee India Beach Fashion Week 2015. Designer Komal Sood’s garments were inspired by the Greek Goddess, also known as the Queen of the seas, Amphitrite. Jewellery designer Mona Shroff showed exclusive and exquisite collection of resort and beach wear jewellery especially crafted to ensure that one remains stylish even while frolicking on the beach or taking a dip in the sea.  Designers Karan Malhotra showed his individual collections for the Gionee India Beach Fashion Week 2015. He showed an interesting use of nautical elements for his Resort Wear collection. Designer Raakesh Agarvwal showcased a collection inspired by the Ozora Music Festival the Gionee India Beach Fashion Week, 2015. Chirag Nainani from Paper Doll Company also created sensation with his designs at the event. What do you feel about these fashion statements? Do leave a comment below. After my red hair, I am going to talk about the red gemstone that I have been eyeing for quite some time. Yes, Ruby, the red stone, which is mark of sensuality, vitality and energy, has been on my wish list. Ruby marks aggression as well as passion. It also signifies the heart. The ruby wearer follows his or her heart. So this stone is also a strong sign of individuality. Not everyone can carry red easily. Someone who is comfortable in his or her skin and doesn’t fear attention can carry red with élan. Coming back to Ruby, which is considered one of the four precious gemstones, gets its color from the presence of chromium in its structure. Chromium gives it natural color ranging from pink to blood red. Blood red or pigeon red commands the best price in the market. Other factors like cut, carat, and clarity also influence its price. Astrology considers Ruby as the representative of the sun. This gemstone is a symbol of good health, vigor, love and passion. On wearing, it renders a bold and courageous persona to the wearer. Ruby also helps in eliminating depression and enhances popularity and prestige of the wearer. (According to webastrologer.com) So, apart from aesthetic value, Ruby has planetary benefits as well and has more reasons to be a part of your collection. But do you know how it can be styled without getting over the top? Mumbaigloss decided to list a few tips for you to wear your Ruby jewelry with panache. Statement piece: Be it the ring or the necklace or the earrings, ensure that it is just one piece which is worn and highlighted. Don’t wear them all together until and unless you are heading for the altar. Too much ruby red might over power you, your ensemble and might look over the top. Earrings: If you are wearing danglers, chandelier earrings with a big stone, go light on your blush. Strong blush color and ruby red might clash with each other and making you look too done up. A neutral blush will help you get a natural glow and the color from the stone will be highlighted. Ring: Don’t wear too many rings. A statement ring in Ruby stone will look elegant only if you let it be without any other distraction. Too much bling any way looks tacky. Mathapatti or maang tika: If your mathapatti or maang tika is made of Ruby, try and wear a subdued bindi. A very attention seeking bindi might clash with the beauty and color of the stone. Necklace:  Don’t match a red ensemble with a red necklace. Try to wear contrasting colors to enhance the beauty of the gemstone. Electric blue, white, black, mango yellow, gold and other solid colors look great with a ruby statement necklace. How did you like these tips? Did I miss out on something? Do leave a comment below. After my red hair, I am going to talk about the red gemstone that I have been eyeing for quite some time. Yes, Ruby, the red stone, which is mark of sensuality, vitality and energy, has been on my wish list. Ruby marks aggression as well as passion. It also signifies the heart. The ruby wearer follows his or her heart. So this stone is also a strong sign of individuality. Not everyone can carry red easily. Someone who is comfortable in his or her skin and doesn’t fear attention can carry red with élan. Coming back to Ruby, which is considered one of the four precious gemstones, gets its color from the presence of chromium in its structure. Chromium gives it natural color ranging from pink to blood red. Blood red or pigeon red commands the best price in the market. Other factors like cut, carat, and clarity also influence its price. Astrology considers Ruby as the representative of the sun. This gemstone is a symbol of good health, vigor, love and passion. On wearing, it renders a bold and courageous persona to the wearer. Ruby also helps in eliminating depression and enhances popularity and prestige of the wearer. (According to webastrologer.com) So, apart from aesthetic value, Ruby has planetary benefits as well and has more reasons to be a part of your collection. But do you know how it can be styled without getting over the top? Mumbaigloss decided to list a few tips for you to wear your Ruby jewelry with panache. Statement piece: Be it the ring or the necklace or the earrings, ensure that it is just one piece which is worn and highlighted. Don’t wear them all together until and unless you are heading for the altar. Too much ruby red might over power you, your ensemble and might look over the top. Earrings: If you are wearing danglers, chandelier earrings with a big stone, go light on your blush. Strong blush color and ruby red might clash with each other and making you look too done up. A neutral blush will help you get a natural glow and the color from the stone will be highlighted. Ring: Don’t wear too many rings. A statement ring in Ruby stone will look elegant only if you let it be without any other distraction. Too much bling any way looks tacky. Mathapatti or maang tika: If your mathapatti or maang tika is made of Ruby, try and wear a subdued bindi. A very attention seeking bindi might clash with the beauty and color of the stone. Necklace:  Don’t match a red ensemble with a red necklace. Try to wear contrasting colors to enhance the beauty of the gemstone. Electric blue, white, black, mango yellow, gold and other solid colors look great with a ruby statement necklace. How did you like these tips? Did I miss out on something? Do leave a comment below. After my red hair, I am going to talk about the red gemstone that I have been eyeing for quite some time. Yes, Ruby, the red stone, which is mark of sensuality, vitality and energy, has been on my wish list. Ruby marks aggression as well as passion. It also signifies the heart. The ruby wearer follows his or her heart. So this stone is also a strong sign of individuality. Not everyone can carry red easily. Someone who is comfortable in his or her skin and doesn’t fear attention can carry red with élan. Coming back to Ruby, which is considered one of the four precious gemstones, gets its color from the presence of chromium in its structure. Chromium gives it natural color ranging from pink to blood red. Blood red or pigeon red commands the best price in the market. Other factors like cut, carat, and clarity also influence its price. Astrology considers Ruby as the representative of the sun. This gemstone is a symbol of good health, vigor, love and passion. On wearing, it renders a bold and courageous persona to the wearer. Ruby also helps in eliminating depression and enhances popularity and prestige of the wearer. (According to webastrologer.com) So, apart from aesthetic value, Ruby has planetary benefits as well and has more reasons to be a part of your collection. But do you know how it can be styled without getting over the top? Mumbaigloss decided to list a few tips for you to wear your Ruby jewelry with panache. Statement piece: Be it the ring or the necklace or the earrings, ensure that it is just one piece which is worn and highlighted. Don’t wear them all together until and unless you are heading for the altar. Too much ruby red might over power you, your ensemble and might look over the top. Earrings: If you are wearing danglers, chandelier earrings with a big stone, go light on your blush. Strong blush color and ruby red might clash with each other and making you look too done up. A neutral blush will help you get a natural glow and the color from the stone will be highlighted. Ring: Don’t wear too many rings. A statement ring in Ruby stone will look elegant only if you let it be without any other distraction. Too much bling any way looks tacky. Mathapatti or maang tika: If your mathapatti or maang tika is made of Ruby, try and wear a subdued bindi. A very attention seeking bindi might clash with the beauty and color of the stone. Necklace:  Don’t match a red ensemble with a red necklace. Try to wear contrasting colors to enhance the beauty of the gemstone. Electric blue, white, black, mango yellow, gold and other solid colors look great with a ruby statement necklace. How did you like these tips? Did I miss out on something? Do leave a comment below. After my red hair, I am going to talk about the red gemstone that I have been eyeing for quite some time. Yes, Ruby, the red stone, which is mark of sensuality, vitality and energy, has been on my wish list. Ruby marks aggression as well as passion. It also signifies the heart. The ruby wearer follows his or her heart. So this stone is also a strong sign of individuality. Not everyone can carry red easily. Someone who is comfortable in his or her skin and doesn’t fear attention can carry red with élan. Coming back to Ruby, which is considered one of the four precious gemstones, gets its color from the presence of chromium in its structure. Chromium gives it natural color ranging from pink to blood red. Blood red or pigeon red commands the best price in the market. Other factors like cut, carat, and clarity also influence its price. Astrology considers Ruby as the representative of the sun. This gemstone is a symbol of good health, vigor, love and passion. On wearing, it renders a bold and courageous persona to the wearer. Ruby also helps in eliminating depression and enhances popularity and prestige of the wearer. (According to webastrologer.com) So, apart from aesthetic value, Ruby has planetary benefits as well and has more reasons to be a part of your collection. But do you know how it can be styled without getting over the top? Mumbaigloss decided to list a few tips for you to wear your Ruby jewelry with panache. Statement piece: Be it the ring or the necklace or the earrings, ensure that it is just one piece which is worn and highlighted. Don’t wear them all together until and unless you are heading for the altar. Too much ruby red might over power you, your ensemble and might look over the top. Earrings: If you are wearing danglers, chandelier earrings with a big stone, go light on your blush. Strong blush color and ruby red might clash with each other and making you look too done up. A neutral blush will help you get a natural glow and the color from the stone will be highlighted. Ring: Don’t wear too many rings. A statement ring in Ruby stone will look elegant only if you let it be without any other distraction. Too much bling any way looks tacky. Mathapatti or maang tika: If your mathapatti or maang tika is made of Ruby, try and wear a subdued bindi. A very attention seeking bindi might clash with the beauty and color of the stone. Necklace:  Don’t match a red ensemble with a red necklace. Try to wear contrasting colors to enhance the beauty of the gemstone. Electric blue, white, black, mango yellow, gold and other solid colors look great with a ruby statement necklace. How did you like these tips? Did I miss out on something? Do leave a comment below. After the super cool transformation of my hair from brown to red at Lakme Absolute Salon last month, I have been trying some effortless chic styles with my hair. For the benefit of those who don’t remember, I had tried The Auburn Blend from their Showstopper Collection. And boy, I have been receiving compliments since then. Red is bold and powerful. It has the energy which easily takes off a few years from your face. Even Sonakshi Sinha recently got red ombre done to her newly acquired bob.  I am one of those people who like simple and low maintenance styles. So I am going to list three looks with my shoulder length Auburn Ombre which are a lazy girl’s best friend. 1. Blow Dry with volume at the top: 2. Light waves with a hair band 3. Scrunchy waves Blow Dry with the volume at the top:  I have fine medium volume hair and always keep on looking at ways to get some volume on my crown. To make my face look a bit longer, I opt for side parting. But still the hair on my scalp falls flat. That is where I found a solution with extra hold hair spray and a comb to create volume at my crown. After a good blow dry, I part my hair like a square in the crown area and then back comb very lightly. I make sure not to damage my hair. I set it up with strong hold hair spray and cover the mesh with a chunk of my smooth blow dried hair. It is fast and easy. The red highlights gleamed after a blow dry and gave a character to my shoulder length hair. Light waves with a hair band:  If you want to look a little dressy, maybe for a dinner or a party then this is another quick fix. Use a hair curling wand to create light waves in your hair. You can also make pig tails and use a flat iron to create waves in your hair. Quickly create some volume at the crown in the same way as mentioned in the above style. Accessorize with a hair band or a scarf and you are ready to rock the party. The red ombre effect in my case made it look absolutely stunning as the waves fell near my face highlighting my complexion. The look was very feminine and will suit almost every face shape. Scrunchy waves:
 One of my favourite and my go-to hair styles. I have naturally wavy hair. After washing my hair with volume giving shampoo and conditioner, I apply volume inducing hair cream or gel into my wet hair. Haaa! Lots of volume! Then I tie my hair into a high pony tail. I put a cotton based hair band right at the crown, pulling all my hair into a sky high pony tail. Then I separate my pony tail from the middle (like we all do while creating a sock bun). With a regular hair dryer I give a full heat blast at the middle of the pony tail till my hair is 85% dry. Once I open my pony tail, I find my hair out turned, textured and a bit scrunched from various places. This looks neat with a weekend dressing, laid back holiday dressing, etc. My red highlights gave the textures much more definition than with plain black hair. I recommend you to try one of the hot hair styles from the Lakme Absolute Salon, The Show Stopping Collection. It will give your hair styles quite a lot of spunk. What do you think about these styles? Do leave a comment below. After the super cool transformation of my hair from brown to red at Lakme Absolute Salon last month, I have been trying some effortless chic styles with my hair. For the benefit of those who don’t remember, I had tried The Auburn Blend from their Showstopper Collection. And boy, I have been receiving compliments since then. Red is bold and powerful. It has the energy which easily takes off a few years from your face. Even Sonakshi Sinha recently got red ombre done to her newly acquired bob.  I am one of those people who like simple and low maintenance styles. So I am going to list three looks with my shoulder length Auburn Ombre which are a lazy girl’s best friend. 1. Blow Dry with volume at the top: 2. Light waves with a hair band 3. Scrunchy waves Blow Dry with the volume at the top:  I have fine medium volume hair and always keep on looking at ways to get some volume on my crown. To make my face look a bit longer, I opt for side parting. But still the hair on my scalp falls flat. That is where I found a solution with extra hold hair spray and a comb to create volume at my crown. After a good blow dry, I part my hair like a square in the crown area and then back comb very lightly. I make sure not to damage my hair. I set it up with strong hold hair spray and cover the mesh with a chunk of my smooth blow dried hair. It is fast and easy. The red highlights gleamed after a blow dry and gave a character to my shoulder length hair. Light waves with a hair band:  If you want to look a little dressy, maybe for a dinner or a party then this is another quick fix. Use a hair curling wand to create light waves in your hair. You can also make pig tails and use a flat iron to create waves in your hair. Quickly create some volume at the crown in the same way as mentioned in the above style. Accessorize with a hair band or a scarf and you are ready to rock the party. The red ombre effect in my case made it look absolutely stunning as the waves fell near my face highlighting my complexion. The look was very feminine and will suit almost every face shape. Scrunchy waves:
 One of my favourite and my go-to hair styles. I have naturally wavy hair. After washing my hair with volume giving shampoo and conditioner, I apply volume inducing hair cream or gel into my wet hair. Haaa! Lots of volume! Then I tie my hair into a high pony tail. I put a cotton based hair band right at the crown, pulling all my hair into a sky high pony tail. Then I separate my pony tail from the middle (like we all do while creating a sock bun). With a regular hair dryer I give a full heat blast at the middle of the pony tail till my hair is 85% dry. Once I open my pony tail, I find my hair out turned, textured and a bit scrunched from various places. This looks neat with a weekend dressing, laid back holiday dressing, etc. My red highlights gave the textures much more definition than with plain black hair. I recommend you to try one of the hot hair styles from the Lakme Absolute Salon, The Show Stopping Collection. It will give your hair styles quite a lot of spunk. What do you think about these styles? Do leave a comment below. After the super cool transformation of my hair from brown to red at Lakme Absolute Salon last month, I have been trying some effortless chic styles with my hair. For the benefit of those who don’t remember, I had tried The Auburn Blend from their Showstopper Collection. And boy, I have been receiving compliments since then. Red is bold and powerful. It has the energy which easily takes off a few years from your face. Even Sonakshi Sinha recently got red ombre done to her newly acquired bob.  I am one of those people who like simple and low maintenance styles. So I am going to list three looks with my shoulder length Auburn Ombre which are a lazy girl’s best friend. 1. Blow Dry with volume at the top: 2. Light waves with a hair band 3. Scrunchy waves Blow Dry with the volume at the top:  I have fine medium volume hair and always keep on looking at ways to get some volume on my crown. To make my face look a bit longer, I opt for side parting. But still the hair on my scalp falls flat. That is where I found a solution with extra hold hair spray and a comb to create volume at my crown. After a good blow dry, I part my hair like a square in the crown area and then back comb very lightly. I make sure not to damage my hair. I set it up with strong hold hair spray and cover the mesh with a chunk of my smooth blow dried hair. It is fast and easy. The red highlights gleamed after a blow dry and gave a character to my shoulder length hair. Light waves with a hair band:  If you want to look a little dressy, maybe for a dinner or a party then this is another quick fix. Use a hair curling wand to create light waves in your hair. You can also make pig tails and use a flat iron to create waves in your hair. Quickly create some volume at the crown in the same way as mentioned in the above style. Accessorize with a hair band or a scarf and you are ready to rock the party. The red ombre effect in my case made it look absolutely stunning as the waves fell near my face highlighting my complexion. The look was very feminine and will suit almost every face shape. Scrunchy waves:
 One of my favourite and my go-to hair styles. I have naturally wavy hair. After washing my hair with volume giving shampoo and conditioner, I apply volume inducing hair cream or gel into my wet hair. Haaa! Lots of volume! Then I tie my hair into a high pony tail. I put a cotton based hair band right at the crown, pulling all my hair into a sky high pony tail. Then I separate my pony tail from the middle (like we all do while creating a sock bun). With a regular hair dryer I give a full heat blast at the middle of the pony tail till my hair is 85% dry. Once I open my pony tail, I find my hair out turned, textured and a bit scrunched from various places. This looks neat with a weekend dressing, laid back holiday dressing, etc. My red highlights gave the textures much more definition than with plain black hair. I recommend you to try one of the hot hair styles from the Lakme Absolute Salon, The Show Stopping Collection. It will give your hair styles quite a lot of spunk. What do you think about these styles? Do leave a comment below. After the super cool transformation of my hair from brown to red at Lakme Absolute Salon last month, I have been trying some effortless chic styles with my hair. For the benefit of those who don’t remember, I had tried The Auburn Blend from their Showstopper Collection. And boy, I have been receiving compliments since then. Red is bold and powerful. It has the energy which easily takes off a few years from your face. Even Sonakshi Sinha recently got red ombre done to her newly acquired bob.  I am one of those people who like simple and low maintenance styles. So I am going to list three looks with my shoulder length Auburn Ombre which are a lazy girl’s best friend. 1. Blow Dry with volume at the top: 2. Light waves with a hair band 3. Scrunchy waves Blow Dry with the volume at the top:  I have fine medium volume hair and always keep on looking at ways to get some volume on my crown. To make my face look a bit longer, I opt for side parting. But still the hair on my scalp falls flat. That is where I found a solution with extra hold hair spray and a comb to create volume at my crown. After a good blow dry, I part my hair like a square in the crown area and then back comb very lightly. I make sure not to damage my hair. I set it up with strong hold hair spray and cover the mesh with a chunk of my smooth blow dried hair. It is fast and easy. The red highlights gleamed after a blow dry and gave a character to my shoulder length hair. Light waves with a hair band:  If you want to look a little dressy, maybe for a dinner or a party then this is another quick fix. Use a hair curling wand to create light waves in your hair. You can also make pig tails and use a flat iron to create waves in your hair. Quickly create some volume at the crown in the same way as mentioned in the above style. Accessorize with a hair band or a scarf and you are ready to rock the party. The red ombre effect in my case made it look absolutely stunning as the waves fell near my face highlighting my complexion. The look was very feminine and will suit almost every face shape. Scrunchy waves:
 One of my favourite and my go-to hair styles. I have naturally wavy hair. After washing my hair with volume giving shampoo and conditioner, I apply volume inducing hair cream or gel into my wet hair. Haaa! Lots of volume! Then I tie my hair into a high pony tail. I put a cotton based hair band right at the crown, pulling all my hair into a sky high pony tail. Then I separate my pony tail from the middle (like we all do while creating a sock bun). With a regular hair dryer I give a full heat blast at the middle of the pony tail till my hair is 85% dry. Once I open my pony tail, I find my hair out turned, textured and a bit scrunched from various places. This looks neat with a weekend dressing, laid back holiday dressing, etc. My red highlights gave the textures much more definition than with plain black hair. I recommend you to try one of the hot hair styles from the Lakme Absolute Salon, The Show Stopping Collection. It will give your hair styles quite a lot of spunk. What do you think about these styles? Do leave a comment below. Indian women are the least risk takers when it comes to chopping off their hair, trying new colours or highlights and styling their precious manes. We are so attached to them. Since childhood we are taught about ‘kaale ghane sundar baal’ that we become paranoid at the very mention of getting a hair makeover. I have a hairstylist friend who laughs at the clients when they say, “Please give me a new look but don’t reduce the length of my hair.” Like how? How is a hairstylist going to do that? May be with a magic wand instead of the scissors!  I was no different. I experienced two sleepless nights pondering over which hair style to go for when this opportunity came over through Indiblogger and Lakme Absolute Salon. After shortlisting three hot hairstyles I asked my friends about their opinion on my social media accounts and all of them indicated that I should try The Auburn Blend. RED? OMG? (This is what I thought in my head). Of course, I have tried chocolate browns, caramel highlights, and golden brown ombre in the past. I had red highlights in 2011 only in the crown area, but then never something so pronounced. Also, Red is a high maintenance colour. I will have to be very particular in using colour protect shampoo and conditioner if I want the colour to stay for long. With all these apprehensions in mind I went for my hair makeover.  As I reached Lakme Absolute Salon off Linking Road in Bandra, I had made up my mind to go RED! Meena, my hairstylist was swift and efficiently discussed my hair condition. She suggested that I should opt for Auburn ombre with subtle red highlights to cause the least damage to my already coloured hair. My brown ombre was fading and she didn’t want my hair to become dry at the ends. So she used the colours directly on my hair without trying to lighten them any further. She used two shades of red, Schwarzkopf Egora Royal L88 at the ends which was a bright red and Egora Royal 488 on the crown which was a deep Auburn colour. I sat their amused, sipping my green tea, excited to see the outcome.  After 35 minutes, I was taken for a shampoo. The Tigi colour protect shampoo and conditioner smelled so good, like chocolate. I wished they were edible. After shampoo, I was given a quick haircut framing my face with feathers and layers at the back. The hair was then blow-dried and styled and TA-DA, I was officially a red head now. The bright hues of red looked great. The colour suited my complexion. It took off few years from my face. The whole process was over in 2.5 hours. I am glad they didn’t go for hair lightening/bleaching etc. otherwise it would have taken longer. To get The Auburn Blend, it costs around Rs. 4.5K to 6K depending upon the condition of your hair and the amount of product used. The only problem that I faced was the red stains on the scalp which go only after a couple of washes. Otherwise, I am happy with the styles offered in The Show Stopping Hair Collection of Lakme Absolute Salon. If you are planning a new look for the New Year, you can definitely go for one of these styles. For more information contact Lakme Absolute Salon Bandra at 098190 06482. Indian women are the least risk takers when it comes to chopping off their hair, trying new colours or highlights and styling their precious manes. We are so attached to them. Since childhood we are taught about ‘kaale ghane sundar baal’ that we become paranoid at the very mention of getting a hair makeover. I have a hairstylist friend who laughs at the clients when they say, “Please give me a new look but don’t reduce the length of my hair.” Like how? How is a hairstylist going to do that? May be with a magic wand instead of the scissors!  I was no different. I experienced two sleepless nights pondering over which hair style to go for when this opportunity came over through Indiblogger and Lakme Absolute Salon. After shortlisting three hot hairstyles I asked my friends about their opinion on my social media accounts and all of them indicated that I should try The Auburn Blend. RED? OMG? (This is what I thought in my head). Of course, I have tried chocolate browns, caramel highlights, and golden brown ombre in the past. I had red highlights in 2011 only in the crown area, but then never something so pronounced. Also, Red is a high maintenance colour. I will have to be very particular in using colour protect shampoo and conditioner if I want the colour to stay for long. With all these apprehensions in mind I went for my hair makeover.  As I reached Lakme Absolute Salon off Linking Road in Bandra, I had made up my mind to go RED! Meena, my hairstylist was swift and efficiently discussed my hair condition. She suggested that I should opt for Auburn ombre with subtle red highlights to cause the least damage to my already coloured hair. My brown ombre was fading and she didn’t want my hair to become dry at the ends. So she used the colours directly on my hair without trying to lighten them any further. She used two shades of red, Schwarzkopf Egora Royal L88 at the ends which was a bright red and Egora Royal 488 on the crown which was a deep Auburn colour. I sat their amused, sipping my green tea, excited to see the outcome.  After 35 minutes, I was taken for a shampoo. The Tigi colour protect shampoo and conditioner smelled so good, like chocolate. I wished they were edible. After shampoo, I was given a quick haircut framing my face with feathers and layers at the back. The hair was then blow-dried and styled and TA-DA, I was officially a red head now. The bright hues of red looked great. The colour suited my complexion. It took off few years from my face. The whole process was over in 2.5 hours. I am glad they didn’t go for hair lightening/bleaching etc. otherwise it would have taken longer. To get The Auburn Blend, it costs around Rs. 4.5K to 6K depending upon the condition of your hair and the amount of product used. The only problem that I faced was the red stains on the scalp which go only after a couple of washes. Otherwise, I am happy with the styles offered in The Show Stopping Hair Collection of Lakme Absolute Salon. If you are planning a new look for the New Year, you can definitely go for one of these styles. For more information contact Lakme Absolute Salon Bandra at 098190 06482. Indian women are the least risk takers when it comes to chopping off their hair, trying new colours or highlights and styling their precious manes. We are so attached to them. Since childhood we are taught about ‘kaale ghane sundar baal’ that we become paranoid at the very mention of getting a hair makeover. I have a hairstylist friend who laughs at the clients when they say, “Please give me a new look but don’t reduce the length of my hair.” Like how? How is a hairstylist going to do that? May be with a magic wand instead of the scissors!  I was no different. I experienced two sleepless nights pondering over which hair style to go for when this opportunity came over through Indiblogger and Lakme Absolute Salon. After shortlisting three hot hairstyles I asked my friends about their opinion on my social media accounts and all of them indicated that I should try The Auburn Blend. RED? OMG? (This is what I thought in my head). Of course, I have tried chocolate browns, caramel highlights, and golden brown ombre in the past. I had red highlights in 2011 only in the crown area, but then never something so pronounced. Also, Red is a high maintenance colour. I will have to be very particular in using colour protect shampoo and conditioner if I want the colour to stay for long. With all these apprehensions in mind I went for my hair makeover.  As I reached Lakme Absolute Salon off Linking Road in Bandra, I had made up my mind to go RED! Meena, my hairstylist was swift and efficiently discussed my hair condition. She suggested that I should opt for Auburn ombre with subtle red highlights to cause the least damage to my already coloured hair. My brown ombre was fading and she didn’t want my hair to become dry at the ends. So she used the colours directly on my hair without trying to lighten them any further. She used two shades of red, Schwarzkopf Egora Royal L88 at the ends which was a bright red and Egora Royal 488 on the crown which was a deep Auburn colour. I sat their amused, sipping my green tea, excited to see the outcome.  After 35 minutes, I was taken for a shampoo. The Tigi colour protect shampoo and conditioner smelled so good, like chocolate. I wished they were edible. After shampoo, I was given a quick haircut framing my face with feathers and layers at the back. The hair was then blow-dried and styled and TA-DA, I was officially a red head now. The bright hues of red looked great. The colour suited my complexion. It took off few years from my face. The whole process was over in 2.5 hours. I am glad they didn’t go for hair lightening/bleaching etc. otherwise it would have taken longer. To get The Auburn Blend, it costs around Rs. 4.5K to 6K depending upon the condition of your hair and the amount of product used. The only problem that I faced was the red stains on the scalp which go only after a couple of washes. Otherwise, I am happy with the styles offered in The Show Stopping Hair Collection of Lakme Absolute Salon. If you are planning a new look for the New Year, you can definitely go for one of these styles. For more information contact Lakme Absolute Salon Bandra at 098190 06482. Indian women are the least risk takers when it comes to chopping off their hair, trying new colours or highlights and styling their precious manes. We are so attached to them. Since childhood we are taught about ‘kaale ghane sundar baal’ that we become paranoid at the very mention of getting a hair makeover. I have a hairstylist friend who laughs at the clients when they say, “Please give me a new look but don’t reduce the length of my hair.” Like how? How is a hairstylist going to do that? May be with a magic wand instead of the scissors!  I was no different. I experienced two sleepless nights pondering over which hair style to go for when this opportunity came over through Indiblogger and Lakme Absolute Salon. After shortlisting three hot hairstyles I asked my friends about their opinion on my social media accounts and all of them indicated that I should try The Auburn Blend. RED? OMG? (This is what I thought in my head). Of course, I have tried chocolate browns, caramel highlights, and golden brown ombre in the past. I had red highlights in 2011 only in the crown area, but then never something so pronounced. Also, Red is a high maintenance colour. I will have to be very particular in using colour protect shampoo and conditioner if I want the colour to stay for long. With all these apprehensions in mind I went for my hair makeover.  As I reached Lakme Absolute Salon off Linking Road in Bandra, I had made up my mind to go RED! Meena, my hairstylist was swift and efficiently discussed my hair condition. She suggested that I should opt for Auburn ombre with subtle red highlights to cause the least damage to my already coloured hair. My brown ombre was fading and she didn’t want my hair to become dry at the ends. So she used the colours directly on my hair without trying to lighten them any further. She used two shades of red, Schwarzkopf Egora Royal L88 at the ends which was a bright red and Egora Royal 488 on the crown which was a deep Auburn colour. I sat their amused, sipping my green tea, excited to see the outcome.  After 35 minutes, I was taken for a shampoo. The Tigi colour protect shampoo and conditioner smelled so good, like chocolate. I wished they were edible. After shampoo, I was given a quick haircut framing my face with feathers and layers at the back. The hair was then blow-dried and styled and TA-DA, I was officially a red head now. The bright hues of red looked great. The colour suited my complexion. It took off few years from my face. The whole process was over in 2.5 hours. I am glad they didn’t go for hair lightening/bleaching etc. otherwise it would have taken longer. To get The Auburn Blend, it costs around Rs. 4.5K to 6K depending upon the condition of your hair and the amount of product used. The only problem that I faced was the red stains on the scalp which go only after a couple of washes. Otherwise, I am happy with the styles offered in The Show Stopping Hair Collection of Lakme Absolute Salon. If you are planning a new look for the New Year, you can definitely go for one of these styles. For more information contact Lakme Absolute Salon Bandra at 098190 06482. Mumbaigloss was invited to be a part of MAX Design Award 2014 Grand Finale in association with Elle on December 10 at Sofitel BKC. Finale of the debut edition of MAX Design Awards student edition concluded with a grand show. Models walked the ramp showcasing garments designed by the top 14 finalists. There was a lot of excitement. The students explained their creations and the judges asked questions pertaining to their designs. All in all, it was a successful show. These 14 finalists were selected by esteemed jury members which includes Fashion Designers Ashish Soni, Masaba Gupta & Gaurav Gupta and Industry Experts including Shekar CS. – President, Max Fashion, Kamakshi Kaul – Head Design, Max Fashion Marc Robinson – Project Head, Max Design Awards and  Malini Banerjee – Fashion Director ELLE India. These 14 finalists were provided budgets to make garments as per the sketches submitted by them within a given time frame which they showcased in the Grand Finale. The 3 winners chosen that evening are – These 3 winners received cash prize of INR 50000/- each and have earned Internship with the three fashion designers – Masaba Gupta, Ashish Soni & Gaurav Gupta. They also get an opportunity to intern with MAX & showcase a capsule collection at the ELLE Graduates show.  Speaking on the occasion Fashion Designer & the jury member Masaba Gupta said, “It’s a great platform created by Max Fashions for the upcoming designers.  I think it’s a great boost for students and for their confidence level. The kind of support they are getting being as mentors or financially, from Max are phenomenal.” Fashion Designer & the jury member Gaurav Gupta – “I think there is a plenty of young talent in our country & Max Design awards provide a great opportunity with this platform for these young talents to be mentored by industry veterans.” Fashion Designer & the jury member Ashish Soni said, “Fashion as an industry was not perceived to have any impact on the social, economic landscape of India but the young designers are rapidly changing that and Max fashion provided them this opportunity.” Kamakshi Kaul – Head Design, Max Fashion said, “With new trends emerging every week there is so much the students can work with to express themselves and at MAX we want to tap this talent and groom them to be the fashion leaders of tomorrow.” Looking forward to the next edition of MAX Design Awards. Mumbaigloss was invited to be a part of MAX Design Award 2014 Grand Finale in association with Elle on December 10 at Sofitel BKC. Finale of the debut edition of MAX Design Awards student edition concluded with a grand show. Models walked the ramp showcasing garments designed by the top 14 finalists. There was a lot of excitement. The students explained their creations and the judges asked questions pertaining to their designs. All in all, it was a successful show. These 14 finalists were selected by esteemed jury members which includes Fashion Designers Ashish Soni, Masaba Gupta & Gaurav Gupta and Industry Experts including Shekar CS. – President, Max Fashion, Kamakshi Kaul – Head Design, Max Fashion Marc Robinson – Project Head, Max Design Awards and  Malini Banerjee – Fashion Director ELLE India. These 14 finalists were provided budgets to make garments as per the sketches submitted by them within a given time frame which they showcased in the Grand Finale. The 3 winners chosen that evening are – These 3 winners received cash prize of INR 50000/- each and have earned Internship with the three fashion designers – Masaba Gupta, Ashish Soni & Gaurav Gupta. They also get an opportunity to intern with MAX & showcase a capsule collection at the ELLE Graduates show.  Speaking on the occasion Fashion Designer & the jury member Masaba Gupta said, “It’s a great platform created by Max Fashions for the upcoming designers.  I think it’s a great boost for students and for their confidence level. The kind of support they are getting being as mentors or financially, from Max are phenomenal.” Fashion Designer & the jury member Gaurav Gupta – “I think there is a plenty of young talent in our country & Max Design awards provide a great opportunity with this platform for these young talents to be mentored by industry veterans.” Fashion Designer & the jury member Ashish Soni said, “Fashion as an industry was not perceived to have any impact on the social, economic landscape of India but the young designers are rapidly changing that and Max fashion provided them this opportunity.” Kamakshi Kaul – Head Design, Max Fashion said, “With new trends emerging every week there is so much the students can work with to express themselves and at MAX we want to tap this talent and groom them to be the fashion leaders of tomorrow.” Looking forward to the next edition of MAX Design Awards. Mumbaigloss was invited to be a part of MAX Design Award 2014 Grand Finale in association with Elle on December 10 at Sofitel BKC. Finale of the debut edition of MAX Design Awards student edition concluded with a grand show. Models walked the ramp showcasing garments designed by the top 14 finalists. There was a lot of excitement. The students explained their creations and the judges asked questions pertaining to their designs. All in all, it was a successful show. These 14 finalists were selected by esteemed jury members which includes Fashion Designers Ashish Soni, Masaba Gupta & Gaurav Gupta and Industry Experts including Shekar CS. – President, Max Fashion, Kamakshi Kaul – Head Design, Max Fashion Marc Robinson – Project Head, Max Design Awards and  Malini Banerjee – Fashion Director ELLE India. These 14 finalists were provided budgets to make garments as per the sketches submitted by them within a given time frame which they showcased in the Grand Finale. The 3 winners chosen that evening are – These 3 winners received cash prize of INR 50000/- each and have earned Internship with the three fashion designers – Masaba Gupta, Ashish Soni & Gaurav Gupta. They also get an opportunity to intern with MAX & showcase a capsule collection at the ELLE Graduates show.  Speaking on the occasion Fashion Designer & the jury member Masaba Gupta said, “It’s a great platform created by Max Fashions for the upcoming designers.  I think it’s a great boost for students and for their confidence level. The kind of support they are getting being as mentors or financially, from Max are phenomenal.” Fashion Designer & the jury member Gaurav Gupta – “I think there is a plenty of young talent in our country & Max Design awards provide a great opportunity with this platform for these young talents to be mentored by industry veterans.” Fashion Designer & the jury member Ashish Soni said, “Fashion as an industry was not perceived to have any impact on the social, economic landscape of India but the young designers are rapidly changing that and Max fashion provided them this opportunity.” Kamakshi Kaul – Head Design, Max Fashion said, “With new trends emerging every week there is so much the students can work with to express themselves and at MAX we want to tap this talent and groom them to be the fashion leaders of tomorrow.” Looking forward to the next edition of MAX Design Awards. Mumbaigloss was invited to be a part of MAX Design Award 2014 Grand Finale in association with Elle on December 10 at Sofitel BKC. Finale of the debut edition of MAX Design Awards student edition concluded with a grand show. Models walked the ramp showcasing garments designed by the top 14 finalists. There was a lot of excitement. The students explained their creations and the judges asked questions pertaining to their designs. All in all, it was a successful show. These 14 finalists were selected by esteemed jury members which includes Fashion Designers Ashish Soni, Masaba Gupta & Gaurav Gupta and Industry Experts including Shekar CS. – President, Max Fashion, Kamakshi Kaul – Head Design, Max Fashion Marc Robinson – Project Head, Max Design Awards and  Malini Banerjee – Fashion Director ELLE India. These 14 finalists were provided budgets to make garments as per the sketches submitted by them within a given time frame which they showcased in the Grand Finale. The 3 winners chosen that evening are – These 3 winners received cash prize of INR 50000/- each and have earned Internship with the three fashion designers – Masaba Gupta, Ashish Soni & Gaurav Gupta. They also get an opportunity to intern with MAX & showcase a capsule collection at the ELLE Graduates show.  Speaking on the occasion Fashion Designer & the jury member Masaba Gupta said, “It’s a great platform created by Max Fashions for the upcoming designers.  I think it’s a great boost for students and for their confidence level. The kind of support they are getting being as mentors or financially, from Max are phenomenal.” Fashion Designer & the jury member Gaurav Gupta – “I think there is a plenty of young talent in our country & Max Design awards provide a great opportunity with this platform for these young talents to be mentored by industry veterans.” Fashion Designer & the jury member Ashish Soni said, “Fashion as an industry was not perceived to have any impact on the social, economic landscape of India but the young designers are rapidly changing that and Max fashion provided them this opportunity.” Kamakshi Kaul – Head Design, Max Fashion said, “With new trends emerging every week there is so much the students can work with to express themselves and at MAX we want to tap this talent and groom them to be the fashion leaders of tomorrow.” Looking forward to the next edition of MAX Design Awards. I looked the ugliest bride in the history of mankind. Yes, I say so because the makeup artist screwed up my look completely. It’s been 8 years and I haven’t forgiven or forgotten still. She ruined what could have been the princess moment of my life, the dreamy picture where I could have looked my beautiful best. She ruined it all, Aargh! But you don’t make this mistake. Always choose a certified makeup artist or someone who has a proven track record of changing an ugly duckling into a swan. Makeup artists are no less creative as they try to highlight the beauty of a person. I was recently invited to Jharna Shah Makeup & Hair Academy Boutique Salon Spa where I met the young and dynamic owner Jharna Shah and asked her about her academy and the career prospects as a makeup artist. Jharna Shah Makeup & Hair Academy Boutique Salon Spa provides professional makeup classes as well as it is a one stop solution for the brides and grooms to-be. Not only can they take pre-bridal/marriage treatments but also get ready for their special day. The academy is located on the first floor of Siddhi Apartments on a quiet Juhu street, next to Cooper Hospital. There is no signage and it can be easily missed, if coming for the first time. The décor is uber chic with Turkish chandeliers, wall art and wall paper. The colors used spell glamour. You can see hues of red, gold, purple, silver and it easily captures your fancy. Though fresh paint made my eyes burn a bit but I still couldn’t take my eyes off the beautiful set up.  I met Jharna and she immediately made me feel comfortable in her plush office. She manages 8-10 staff members who help her with her business. She looked young and suave and I couldn’t help but ask: When did you realize that makeup was your passion, though you come from a business background? “I started five years back as a freelance makeup artist. One year I was freelancing and doing makeup for brides. So, I decided to start off with my own studio. I had a smaller setup before we moved here. I was functioning from there. I used to conduct all personal & professional trainings from there. And within two years we moved from there and set up the current Academy. I always loved makeup and used to love dressing up but it never occurred to me that I wanted to take this up as a career. It all started with my marriage. I was trying to find a good makeup artist for myself and wasn’t very happy with the suggestions. I decided to do more research on makeup, I found that the makeup artist whom I was booking also used to give personal training and that’s when I realized that it was my passion and can make a career out of it.  I have done a lot of courses from India and abroad. There is no one particular academy I could name.” I asked her about the classes she provides at her studio. She said, “We provide both professional and personal makeup classes. The products are provided by us, unlike other places where the students get their own products. We want to maintain quality as well as skin health while providing training on makeup looks and hairstyles. We use only high quality products from Mac, Bobbi Brown, Nars, Urban decay, Benefit, Smash-box, Makeup Forever during the classes.” She further added, “We conduct both professional and personal classes of various durations. Certificates are provided to students who want to take it up as a career. Details are given at http://www.jharnashah.com. We also conduct personal classes (various durations) for individuals who want to learn makeup and hairstyles for themselves.” I agree, in today’s world your first impression can make or mar your prospects. She said, “Group class of 8 students is conducted once a week and one-on-one classes are provided to the individuals throughout the week. Price of group classes starts from Rs. 6500 + taxes but they are provided with all the information required to successfully do their makeup. They learn everything related to their skin, like skin tone, what is their foundation shade, what is their concealer shade, lip colors that will look good on them, blush shades that will go with their complexion, different types of eye makeup, like smokey eye, party makeup, everyday makeup, dewy look, makeup for traditional function, basic nude look, so they get to learn three looks plus all the shades. It also covers their daily skin care regime, night regime and everything else related to their skin.”  Nice! But what if later the students face difficulties?  Jharna said, “We also offer aftercare. If a student has doubts in the future, they can call us anytime to clarify their doubts. For that we don’t charge them at all. But nobody usually calls back because the classes are simple and very informative, systematically organized as well as note taking is encouraged so that they remember everything step by step and always refer back to their notes. We also call back to know their feedback and have hardly got any negative reviews.” What are the benefits of getting training from your institute?  Jharna said, “Recently, a student from Jharna Shah Makeup Academy was offered Rs. 35000/month package by MAC. Our students get trained so well on the products that they can demand such pay structure from these outlets easily (Better pay at entry level than an MBA student of average B school). We also provide placement to our students with various brand outlets, salons and industry openings. For example, TV and Movie units have openings at periodic level. Students get lifetime 15 per cent discount on various brands who partner with Jharna Shah Makeup & Hair Academy Boutique Salon Spa.” Wow! That’s brilliant! Personally, which make up do you use? “For my daily regime, I am using a Laura Mercier primer, Laura Mercier foundation, but when I have to do professional make up, I feel MAC is the best. I feel MAC is a little underrated in India, because may be it is a little expensive and it is not as popular here in India but it’s an excellent brand and they really have good products. But it’s really good for professional use. Bobby Brown is a high-end brand which is expensive than MAC but the product quality of both are same. MAC concealers work best to cover under-eye dark circles and blemishes. MAC Studio Fix range is good.  And also for every day, for people like us, you also have the select moisture that is also really nice; it’s like a tinted moisturizer when you don’t need a lot of coverage.” Can you tell me something about the spa?  Jharna Shah elaborated, “This Spa is a one-stop solution for the brides as well as grooms. Not only do they get ready here on their D-Day but can also avail the pre-bridal packages to prepare their skin and hair for their special day. The packages have been customized for the groom, bridesmaids, and family members. Our pre-bridal package called Tatva is ideal for the brides to-be.” The spa looks like a dream with Turkish décor and I asked her if there were any Turkish treatments?  She said, “The whole ambience of this spa is very Turkish, apart from that we are also going to start with the Hamam services, which will be an additional service which will start after 6 months. We have nice Hamam soaps, salts and other Turkish spa ingredients.”  Okay! That sounds very exciting, taking a Hamam treatment like a princess.  Jharna Shah Makeup & Hair Academy has participated in:  Your search for an ideal makeup institute is over. Learn the art of make-up from Jharna Shah Makeup & Hair Academy and make a career of a lifetime. Psst! The spa is an added bonus.  I looked the ugliest bride in the history of mankind. Yes, I say so because the makeup artist screwed up my look completely. It’s been 8 years and I haven’t forgiven or forgotten still. She ruined what could have been the princess moment of my life, the dreamy picture where I could have looked my beautiful best. She ruined it all, Aargh! But you don’t make this mistake. Always choose a certified makeup artist or someone who has a proven track record of changing an ugly duckling into a swan. Makeup artists are no less creative as they try to highlight the beauty of a person. I was recently invited to Jharna Shah Makeup & Hair Academy Boutique Salon Spa where I met the young and dynamic owner Jharna Shah and asked her about her academy and the career prospects as a makeup artist. Jharna Shah Makeup & Hair Academy Boutique Salon Spa provides professional makeup classes as well as it is a one stop solution for the brides and grooms to-be. Not only can they take pre-bridal/marriage treatments but also get ready for their special day. The academy is located on the first floor of Siddhi Apartments on a quiet Juhu street, next to Cooper Hospital. There is no signage and it can be easily missed, if coming for the first time. The décor is uber chic with Turkish chandeliers, wall art and wall paper. The colors used spell glamour. You can see hues of red, gold, purple, silver and it easily captures your fancy. Though fresh paint made my eyes burn a bit but I still couldn’t take my eyes off the beautiful set up.  I met Jharna and she immediately made me feel comfortable in her plush office. She manages 8-10 staff members who help her with her business. She looked young and suave and I couldn’t help but ask: When did you realize that makeup was your passion, though you come from a business background? “I started five years back as a freelance makeup artist. One year I was freelancing and doing makeup for brides. So, I decided to start off with my own studio. I had a smaller setup before we moved here. I was functioning from there. I used to conduct all personal & professional trainings from there. And within two years we moved from there and set up the current Academy. I always loved makeup and used to love dressing up but it never occurred to me that I wanted to take this up as a career. It all started with my marriage. I was trying to find a good makeup artist for myself and wasn’t very happy with the suggestions. I decided to do more research on makeup, I found that the makeup artist whom I was booking also used to give personal training and that’s when I realized that it was my passion and can make a career out of it.  I have done a lot of courses from India and abroad. There is no one particular academy I could name.” I asked her about the classes she provides at her studio. She said, “We provide both professional and personal makeup classes. The products are provided by us, unlike other places where the students get their own products. We want to maintain quality as well as skin health while providing training on makeup looks and hairstyles. We use only high quality products from Mac, Bobbi Brown, Nars, Urban decay, Benefit, Smash-box, Makeup Forever during the classes.” She further added, “We conduct both professional and personal classes of various durations. Certificates are provided to students who want to take it up as a career. Details are given at http://www.jharnashah.com. We also conduct personal classes (various durations) for individuals who want to learn makeup and hairstyles for themselves.” I agree, in today’s world your first impression can make or mar your prospects. She said, “Group class of 8 students is conducted once a week and one-on-one classes are provided to the individuals throughout the week. Price of group classes starts from Rs. 6500 + taxes but they are provided with all the information required to successfully do their makeup. They learn everything related to their skin, like skin tone, what is their foundation shade, what is their concealer shade, lip colors that will look good on them, blush shades that will go with their complexion, different types of eye makeup, like smokey eye, party makeup, everyday makeup, dewy look, makeup for traditional function, basic nude look, so they get to learn three looks plus all the shades. It also covers their daily skin care regime, night regime and everything else related to their skin.”  Nice! But what if later the students face difficulties?  Jharna said, “We also offer aftercare. If a student has doubts in the future, they can call us anytime to clarify their doubts. For that we don’t charge them at all. But nobody usually calls back because the classes are simple and very informative, systematically organized as well as note taking is encouraged so that they remember everything step by step and always refer back to their notes. We also call back to know their feedback and have hardly got any negative reviews.” What are the benefits of getting training from your institute?  Jharna said, “Recently, a student from Jharna Shah Makeup Academy was offered Rs. 35000/month package by MAC. Our students get trained so well on the products that they can demand such pay structure from these outlets easily (Better pay at entry level than an MBA student of average B school). We also provide placement to our students with various brand outlets, salons and industry openings. For example, TV and Movie units have openings at periodic level. Students get lifetime 15 per cent discount on various brands who partner with Jharna Shah Makeup & Hair Academy Boutique Salon Spa.” Wow! That’s brilliant! Personally, which make up do you use? “For my daily regime, I am using a Laura Mercier primer, Laura Mercier foundation, but when I have to do professional make up, I feel MAC is the best. I feel MAC is a little underrated in India, because may be it is a little expensive and it is not as popular here in India but it’s an excellent brand and they really have good products. But it’s really good for professional use. Bobby Brown is a high-end brand which is expensive than MAC but the product quality of both are same. MAC concealers work best to cover under-eye dark circles and blemishes. MAC Studio Fix range is good.  And also for every day, for people like us, you also have the select moisture that is also really nice; it’s like a tinted moisturizer when you don’t need a lot of coverage.” Can you tell me something about the spa?  Jharna Shah elaborated, “This Spa is a one-stop solution for the brides as well as grooms. Not only do they get ready here on their D-Day but can also avail the pre-bridal packages to prepare their skin and hair for their special day. The packages have been customized for the groom, bridesmaids, and family members. Our pre-bridal package called Tatva is ideal for the brides to-be.” The spa looks like a dream with Turkish décor and I asked her if there were any Turkish treatments?  She said, “The whole ambience of this spa is very Turkish, apart from that we are also going to start with the Hamam services, which will be an additional service which will start after 6 months. We have nice Hamam soaps, salts and other Turkish spa ingredients.”  Okay! That sounds very exciting, taking a Hamam treatment like a princess.  Jharna Shah Makeup & Hair Academy has participated in:  Your search for an ideal makeup institute is over. Learn the art of make-up from Jharna Shah Makeup & Hair Academy and make a career of a lifetime. Psst! The spa is an added bonus.  I looked the ugliest bride in the history of mankind. Yes, I say so because the makeup artist screwed up my look completely. It’s been 8 years and I haven’t forgiven or forgotten still. She ruined what could have been the princess moment of my life, the dreamy picture where I could have looked my beautiful best. She ruined it all, Aargh! But you don’t make this mistake. Always choose a certified makeup artist or someone who has a proven track record of changing an ugly duckling into a swan. Makeup artists are no less creative as they try to highlight the beauty of a person. I was recently invited to Jharna Shah Makeup & Hair Academy Boutique Salon Spa where I met the young and dynamic owner Jharna Shah and asked her about her academy and the career prospects as a makeup artist. Jharna Shah Makeup & Hair Academy Boutique Salon Spa provides professional makeup classes as well as it is a one stop solution for the brides and grooms to-be. Not only can they take pre-bridal/marriage treatments but also get ready for their special day. The academy is located on the first floor of Siddhi Apartments on a quiet Juhu street, next to Cooper Hospital. There is no signage and it can be easily missed, if coming for the first time. The décor is uber chic with Turkish chandeliers, wall art and wall paper. The colors used spell glamour. You can see hues of red, gold, purple, silver and it easily captures your fancy. Though fresh paint made my eyes burn a bit but I still couldn’t take my eyes off the beautiful set up.  I met Jharna and she immediately made me feel comfortable in her plush office. She manages 8-10 staff members who help her with her business. She looked young and suave and I couldn’t help but ask: When did you realize that makeup was your passion, though you come from a business background? “I started five years back as a freelance makeup artist. One year I was freelancing and doing makeup for brides. So, I decided to start off with my own studio. I had a smaller setup before we moved here. I was functioning from there. I used to conduct all personal & professional trainings from there. And within two years we moved from there and set up the current Academy. I always loved makeup and used to love dressing up but it never occurred to me that I wanted to take this up as a career. It all started with my marriage. I was trying to find a good makeup artist for myself and wasn’t very happy with the suggestions. I decided to do more research on makeup, I found that the makeup artist whom I was booking also used to give personal training and that’s when I realized that it was my passion and can make a career out of it.  I have done a lot of courses from India and abroad. There is no one particular academy I could name.” I asked her about the classes she provides at her studio. She said, “We provide both professional and personal makeup classes. The products are provided by us, unlike other places where the students get their own products. We want to maintain quality as well as skin health while providing training on makeup looks and hairstyles. We use only high quality products from Mac, Bobbi Brown, Nars, Urban decay, Benefit, Smash-box, Makeup Forever during the classes.” She further added, “We conduct both professional and personal classes of various durations. Certificates are provided to students who want to take it up as a career. Details are given at http://www.jharnashah.com. We also conduct personal classes (various durations) for individuals who want to learn makeup and hairstyles for themselves.” I agree, in today’s world your first impression can make or mar your prospects. She said, “Group class of 8 students is conducted once a week and one-on-one classes are provided to the individuals throughout the week. Price of group classes starts from Rs. 6500 + taxes but they are provided with all the information required to successfully do their makeup. They learn everything related to their skin, like skin tone, what is their foundation shade, what is their concealer shade, lip colors that will look good on them, blush shades that will go with their complexion, different types of eye makeup, like smokey eye, party makeup, everyday makeup, dewy look, makeup for traditional function, basic nude look, so they get to learn three looks plus all the shades. It also covers their daily skin care regime, night regime and everything else related to their skin.”  Nice! But what if later the students face difficulties?  Jharna said, “We also offer aftercare. If a student has doubts in the future, they can call us anytime to clarify their doubts. For that we don’t charge them at all. But nobody usually calls back because the classes are simple and very informative, systematically organized as well as note taking is encouraged so that they remember everything step by step and always refer back to their notes. We also call back to know their feedback and have hardly got any negative reviews.” What are the benefits of getting training from your institute?  Jharna said, “Recently, a student from Jharna Shah Makeup Academy was offered Rs. 35000/month package by MAC. Our students get trained so well on the products that they can demand such pay structure from these outlets easily (Better pay at entry level than an MBA student of average B school). We also provide placement to our students with various brand outlets, salons and industry openings. For example, TV and Movie units have openings at periodic level. Students get lifetime 15 per cent discount on various brands who partner with Jharna Shah Makeup & Hair Academy Boutique Salon Spa.” Wow! That’s brilliant! Personally, which make up do you use? “For my daily regime, I am using a Laura Mercier primer, Laura Mercier foundation, but when I have to do professional make up, I feel MAC is the best. I feel MAC is a little underrated in India, because may be it is a little expensive and it is not as popular here in India but it’s an excellent brand and they really have good products. But it’s really good for professional use. Bobby Brown is a high-end brand which is expensive than MAC but the product quality of both are same. MAC concealers work best to cover under-eye dark circles and blemishes. MAC Studio Fix range is good.  And also for every day, for people like us, you also have the select moisture that is also really nice; it’s like a tinted moisturizer when you don’t need a lot of coverage.” Can you tell me something about the spa?  Jharna Shah elaborated, “This Spa is a one-stop solution for the brides as well as grooms. Not only do they get ready here on their D-Day but can also avail the pre-bridal packages to prepare their skin and hair for their special day. The packages have been customized for the groom, bridesmaids, and family members. Our pre-bridal package called Tatva is ideal for the brides to-be.” The spa looks like a dream with Turkish décor and I asked her if there were any Turkish treatments?  She said, “The whole ambience of this spa is very Turkish, apart from that we are also going to start with the Hamam services, which will be an additional service which will start after 6 months. We have nice Hamam soaps, salts and other Turkish spa ingredients.”  Okay! That sounds very exciting, taking a Hamam treatment like a princess.  Jharna Shah Makeup & Hair Academy has participated in:  Your search for an ideal makeup institute is over. Learn the art of make-up from Jharna Shah Makeup & Hair Academy and make a career of a lifetime. Psst! The spa is an added bonus.  I looked the ugliest bride in the history of mankind. Yes, I say so because the makeup artist screwed up my look completely. It’s been 8 years and I haven’t forgiven or forgotten still. She ruined what could have been the princess moment of my life, the dreamy picture where I could have looked my beautiful best. She ruined it all, Aargh! But you don’t make this mistake. Always choose a certified makeup artist or someone who has a proven track record of changing an ugly duckling into a swan. Makeup artists are no less creative as they try to highlight the beauty of a person. I was recently invited to Jharna Shah Makeup & Hair Academy Boutique Salon Spa where I met the young and dynamic owner Jharna Shah and asked her about her academy and the career prospects as a makeup artist. Jharna Shah Makeup & Hair Academy Boutique Salon Spa provides professional makeup classes as well as it is a one stop solution for the brides and grooms to-be. Not only can they take pre-bridal/marriage treatments but also get ready for their special day. The academy is located on the first floor of Siddhi Apartments on a quiet Juhu street, next to Cooper Hospital. There is no signage and it can be easily missed, if coming for the first time. The décor is uber chic with Turkish chandeliers, wall art and wall paper. The colors used spell glamour. You can see hues of red, gold, purple, silver and it easily captures your fancy. Though fresh paint made my eyes burn a bit but I still couldn’t take my eyes off the beautiful set up.  I met Jharna and she immediately made me feel comfortable in her plush office. She manages 8-10 staff members who help her with her business. She looked young and suave and I couldn’t help but ask: When did you realize that makeup was your passion, though you come from a business background? “I started five years back as a freelance makeup artist. One year I was freelancing and doing makeup for brides. So, I decided to start off with my own studio. I had a smaller setup before we moved here. I was functioning from there. I used to conduct all personal & professional trainings from there. And within two years we moved from there and set up the current Academy. I always loved makeup and used to love dressing up but it never occurred to me that I wanted to take this up as a career. It all started with my marriage. I was trying to find a good makeup artist for myself and wasn’t very happy with the suggestions. I decided to do more research on makeup, I found that the makeup artist whom I was booking also used to give personal training and that’s when I realized that it was my passion and can make a career out of it.  I have done a lot of courses from India and abroad. There is no one particular academy I could name.” I asked her about the classes she provides at her studio. She said, “We provide both professional and personal makeup classes. The products are provided by us, unlike other places where the students get their own products. We want to maintain quality as well as skin health while providing training on makeup looks and hairstyles. We use only high quality products from Mac, Bobbi Brown, Nars, Urban decay, Benefit, Smash-box, Makeup Forever during the classes.” She further added, “We conduct both professional and personal classes of various durations. Certificates are provided to students who want to take it up as a career. Details are given at http://www.jharnashah.com. We also conduct personal classes (various durations) for individuals who want to learn makeup and hairstyles for themselves.” I agree, in today’s world your first impression can make or mar your prospects. She said, “Group class of 8 students is conducted once a week and one-on-one classes are provided to the individuals throughout the week. Price of group classes starts from Rs. 6500 + taxes but they are provided with all the information required to successfully do their makeup. They learn everything related to their skin, like skin tone, what is their foundation shade, what is their concealer shade, lip colors that will look good on them, blush shades that will go with their complexion, different types of eye makeup, like smokey eye, party makeup, everyday makeup, dewy look, makeup for traditional function, basic nude look, so they get to learn three looks plus all the shades. It also covers their daily skin care regime, night regime and everything else related to their skin.”  Nice! But what if later the students face difficulties?  Jharna said, “We also offer aftercare. If a student has doubts in the future, they can call us anytime to clarify their doubts. For that we don’t charge them at all. But nobody usually calls back because the classes are simple and very informative, systematically organized as well as note taking is encouraged so that they remember everything step by step and always refer back to their notes. We also call back to know their feedback and have hardly got any negative reviews.” What are the benefits of getting training from your institute?  Jharna said, “Recently, a student from Jharna Shah Makeup Academy was offered Rs. 35000/month package by MAC. Our students get trained so well on the products that they can demand such pay structure from these outlets easily (Better pay at entry level than an MBA student of average B school). We also provide placement to our students with various brand outlets, salons and industry openings. For example, TV and Movie units have openings at periodic level. Students get lifetime 15 per cent discount on various brands who partner with Jharna Shah Makeup & Hair Academy Boutique Salon Spa.” Wow! That’s brilliant! Personally, which make up do you use? “For my daily regime, I am using a Laura Mercier primer, Laura Mercier foundation, but when I have to do professional make up, I feel MAC is the best. I feel MAC is a little underrated in India, because may be it is a little expensive and it is not as popular here in India but it’s an excellent brand and they really have good products. But it’s really good for professional use. Bobby Brown is a high-end brand which is expensive than MAC but the product quality of both are same. MAC concealers work best to cover under-eye dark circles and blemishes. MAC Studio Fix range is good.  And also for every day, for people like us, you also have the select moisture that is also really nice; it’s like a tinted moisturizer when you don’t need a lot of coverage.” Can you tell me something about the spa?  Jharna Shah elaborated, “This Spa is a one-stop solution for the brides as well as grooms. Not only do they get ready here on their D-Day but can also avail the pre-bridal packages to prepare their skin and hair for their special day. The packages have been customized for the groom, bridesmaids, and family members. Our pre-bridal package called Tatva is ideal for the brides to-be.” The spa looks like a dream with Turkish décor and I asked her if there were any Turkish treatments?  She said, “The whole ambience of this spa is very Turkish, apart from that we are also going to start with the Hamam services, which will be an additional service which will start after 6 months. We have nice Hamam soaps, salts and other Turkish spa ingredients.”  Okay! That sounds very exciting, taking a Hamam treatment like a princess.  Jharna Shah Makeup & Hair Academy has participated in:  Your search for an ideal makeup institute is over. Learn the art of make-up from Jharna Shah Makeup & Hair Academy and make a career of a lifetime. Psst! The spa is an added bonus.  With wedding season around the corner, many brides and grooms to-be can be seen struggling to get their fittest and stunning best. They can be seen trying hard to reduce weight, getting a natural glow to their skin as well as a clear complexion. And why shouldn’t they, after all it’s a once in a lifetime event where they are showered with all the attention. Janvi Chitalia, expert dietician, (jkchitalia@gmail.com) gives some super-efficient diet tips to get holistic beauty and fitness. For a fitter body, glowing skin and lustrous hair: • It is important to eat light dinners such as a bowl of soup, sautéed vegetables or salads with a protein source such as chicken or paneer made from skimmed milk. Vegetables and salads provide vitamins to bring glow to your skin. The roughage helps to clear up the bowels which help to get clear skin. Protein helps to build and repair new cells and is much effective while the body is taking rest. • Eat protein in each meal such as egg whites or skim curd to keep the metabolic rate high. This helps to burn fat. • Eat nuts such as almonds, peanuts, walnuts, etc. as snacks to keep the body charged up in between the bigger meals. This revs up your metabolic rate. • Increase the intake of fruits and vegetable juices such as dudhi or carrot and pumpkin juice for its high antioxidant content for accelerating fat loss and getting a supple and smooth skin. • It is important to stay hydrated through increased intake of skim buttermilk and mint lime water and green tea. Drink at least 3 litres of water every day (which includes the above mentioned) to get the toxins out from the body. It also helps you to curb your appetite, keeps you feeling full for longer which aids in weight loss. • Eat increased portions of complex carbohydrates such as oats, quinoa, bajra, jowar than eating starchy carbohydrates like white rice, maida, etc. •Minimize sugar intake in the diet as sugar in the form of sweets will be consumed more frequently. Replace sugar in tea, coffee, mocktails, etc. with stevia plant substitute or equivalent. • Do not deprive yourself. You can keep a cheat meal where you can indulge in moderation. It is easy to get tempted with all the buffet spreads but stick to cheating only two to three times as to keep up with the goal. It is important to plan your cheat meals in advance. If you know that you are going to eat dinner at a fast food joint then keep the rest of the day for nutritious and balanced food. •Exercise 5 times a week with a combination of cardio and strength training to keep up with occasional indulgences. Weight training will enhance the body tone while cardio will accelerate fat loss. • Supplement diet with Vitamin C and Vitamin E pills such as Celin and Evion and Omega3 fats for better skin and lustrous hair. Acaiberry or Grapeseed extract can be used to further enhance skin glow and Biotin for hair shine. • Another important aspect is consumption of alcohol. Kindly stick to 30 ml or 60 ml of hard drink and one glass of wine in a day. Ensure that you drink enough water after consuming alcohol to flush out the toxins. Thanks Janvi! These tips are good for not just people heading for the wedding altar but also regular people who are trying to lose weight. I am certainly going to try these tips. What do you think readers? Do leave a comment below. With wedding season around the corner, many brides and grooms to-be can be seen struggling to get their fittest and stunning best. They can be seen trying hard to reduce weight, getting a natural glow to their skin as well as a clear complexion. And why shouldn’t they, after all it’s a once in a lifetime event where they are showered with all the attention. Janvi Chitalia, expert dietician, (jkchitalia@gmail.com) gives some super-efficient diet tips to get holistic beauty and fitness. For a fitter body, glowing skin and lustrous hair: • It is important to eat light dinners such as a bowl of soup, sautéed vegetables or salads with a protein source such as chicken or paneer made from skimmed milk. Vegetables and salads provide vitamins to bring glow to your skin. The roughage helps to clear up the bowels which help to get clear skin. Protein helps to build and repair new cells and is much effective while the body is taking rest. • Eat protein in each meal such as egg whites or skim curd to keep the metabolic rate high. This helps to burn fat. • Eat nuts such as almonds, peanuts, walnuts, etc. as snacks to keep the body charged up in between the bigger meals. This revs up your metabolic rate. • Increase the intake of fruits and vegetable juices such as dudhi or carrot and pumpkin juice for its high antioxidant content for accelerating fat loss and getting a supple and smooth skin. • It is important to stay hydrated through increased intake of skim buttermilk and mint lime water and green tea. Drink at least 3 litres of water every day (which includes the above mentioned) to get the toxins out from the body. It also helps you to curb your appetite, keeps you feeling full for longer which aids in weight loss. • Eat increased portions of complex carbohydrates such as oats, quinoa, bajra, jowar than eating starchy carbohydrates like white rice, maida, etc. •Minimize sugar intake in the diet as sugar in the form of sweets will be consumed more frequently. Replace sugar in tea, coffee, mocktails, etc. with stevia plant substitute or equivalent. • Do not deprive yourself. You can keep a cheat meal where you can indulge in moderation. It is easy to get tempted with all the buffet spreads but stick to cheating only two to three times as to keep up with the goal. It is important to plan your cheat meals in advance. If you know that you are going to eat dinner at a fast food joint then keep the rest of the day for nutritious and balanced food. •Exercise 5 times a week with a combination of cardio and strength training to keep up with occasional indulgences. Weight training will enhance the body tone while cardio will accelerate fat loss. • Supplement diet with Vitamin C and Vitamin E pills such as Celin and Evion and Omega3 fats for better skin and lustrous hair. Acaiberry or Grapeseed extract can be used to further enhance skin glow and Biotin for hair shine. • Another important aspect is consumption of alcohol. Kindly stick to 30 ml or 60 ml of hard drink and one glass of wine in a day. Ensure that you drink enough water after consuming alcohol to flush out the toxins. Thanks Janvi! These tips are good for not just people heading for the wedding altar but also regular people who are trying to lose weight. I am certainly going to try these tips. What do you think readers? Do leave a comment below. With wedding season around the corner, many brides and grooms to-be can be seen struggling to get their fittest and stunning best. They can be seen trying hard to reduce weight, getting a natural glow to their skin as well as a clear complexion. And why shouldn’t they, after all it’s a once in a lifetime event where they are showered with all the attention. Janvi Chitalia, expert dietician, (jkchitalia@gmail.com) gives some super-efficient diet tips to get holistic beauty and fitness. For a fitter body, glowing skin and lustrous hair: • It is important to eat light dinners such as a bowl of soup, sautéed vegetables or salads with a protein source such as chicken or paneer made from skimmed milk. Vegetables and salads provide vitamins to bring glow to your skin. The roughage helps to clear up the bowels which help to get clear skin. Protein helps to build and repair new cells and is much effective while the body is taking rest. • Eat protein in each meal such as egg whites or skim curd to keep the metabolic rate high. This helps to burn fat. • Eat nuts such as almonds, peanuts, walnuts, etc. as snacks to keep the body charged up in between the bigger meals. This revs up your metabolic rate. • Increase the intake of fruits and vegetable juices such as dudhi or carrot and pumpkin juice for its high antioxidant content for accelerating fat loss and getting a supple and smooth skin. • It is important to stay hydrated through increased intake of skim buttermilk and mint lime water and green tea. Drink at least 3 litres of water every day (which includes the above mentioned) to get the toxins out from the body. It also helps you to curb your appetite, keeps you feeling full for longer which aids in weight loss. • Eat increased portions of complex carbohydrates such as oats, quinoa, bajra, jowar than eating starchy carbohydrates like white rice, maida, etc. •Minimize sugar intake in the diet as sugar in the form of sweets will be consumed more frequently. Replace sugar in tea, coffee, mocktails, etc. with stevia plant substitute or equivalent. • Do not deprive yourself. You can keep a cheat meal where you can indulge in moderation. It is easy to get tempted with all the buffet spreads but stick to cheating only two to three times as to keep up with the goal. It is important to plan your cheat meals in advance. If you know that you are going to eat dinner at a fast food joint then keep the rest of the day for nutritious and balanced food. •Exercise 5 times a week with a combination of cardio and strength training to keep up with occasional indulgences. Weight training will enhance the body tone while cardio will accelerate fat loss. • Supplement diet with Vitamin C and Vitamin E pills such as Celin and Evion and Omega3 fats for better skin and lustrous hair. Acaiberry or Grapeseed extract can be used to further enhance skin glow and Biotin for hair shine. • Another important aspect is consumption of alcohol. Kindly stick to 30 ml or 60 ml of hard drink and one glass of wine in a day. Ensure that you drink enough water after consuming alcohol to flush out the toxins. Thanks Janvi! These tips are good for not just people heading for the wedding altar but also regular people who are trying to lose weight. I am certainly going to try these tips. What do you think readers? Do leave a comment below. With wedding season around the corner, many brides and grooms to-be can be seen struggling to get their fittest and stunning best. They can be seen trying hard to reduce weight, getting a natural glow to their skin as well as a clear complexion. And why shouldn’t they, after all it’s a once in a lifetime event where they are showered with all the attention. Janvi Chitalia, expert dietician, (jkchitalia@gmail.com) gives some super-efficient diet tips to get holistic beauty and fitness. For a fitter body, glowing skin and lustrous hair: • It is important to eat light dinners such as a bowl of soup, sautéed vegetables or salads with a protein source such as chicken or paneer made from skimmed milk. Vegetables and salads provide vitamins to bring glow to your skin. The roughage helps to clear up the bowels which help to get clear skin. Protein helps to build and repair new cells and is much effective while the body is taking rest. • Eat protein in each meal such as egg whites or skim curd to keep the metabolic rate high. This helps to burn fat. • Eat nuts such as almonds, peanuts, walnuts, etc. as snacks to keep the body charged up in between the bigger meals. This revs up your metabolic rate. • Increase the intake of fruits and vegetable juices such as dudhi or carrot and pumpkin juice for its high antioxidant content for accelerating fat loss and getting a supple and smooth skin. • It is important to stay hydrated through increased intake of skim buttermilk and mint lime water and green tea. Drink at least 3 litres of water every day (which includes the above mentioned) to get the toxins out from the body. It also helps you to curb your appetite, keeps you feeling full for longer which aids in weight loss. • Eat increased portions of complex carbohydrates such as oats, quinoa, bajra, jowar than eating starchy carbohydrates like white rice, maida, etc. •Minimize sugar intake in the diet as sugar in the form of sweets will be consumed more frequently. Replace sugar in tea, coffee, mocktails, etc. with stevia plant substitute or equivalent. • Do not deprive yourself. You can keep a cheat meal where you can indulge in moderation. It is easy to get tempted with all the buffet spreads but stick to cheating only two to three times as to keep up with the goal. It is important to plan your cheat meals in advance. If you know that you are going to eat dinner at a fast food joint then keep the rest of the day for nutritious and balanced food. •Exercise 5 times a week with a combination of cardio and strength training to keep up with occasional indulgences. Weight training will enhance the body tone while cardio will accelerate fat loss. • Supplement diet with Vitamin C and Vitamin E pills such as Celin and Evion and Omega3 fats for better skin and lustrous hair. Acaiberry or Grapeseed extract can be used to further enhance skin glow and Biotin for hair shine. • Another important aspect is consumption of alcohol. Kindly stick to 30 ml or 60 ml of hard drink and one glass of wine in a day. Ensure that you drink enough water after consuming alcohol to flush out the toxins. Thanks Janvi! These tips are good for not just people heading for the wedding altar but also regular people who are trying to lose weight. I am certainly going to try these tips. What do you think readers? Do leave a comment below. I recently saw Kim Kardashian’s face (not butt) sans makeup and thought that makeup does wonders to her face. She does have a pretty face but makeup makes her look incredibly glamorous. Few are naturally beautiful with flawless skin and nymph like features, but for others there is always a makeup artist. A good makeup artist transforms an average face into a glam diva. They are like artists who create masterpieces on the canvas of face. They are these magicians who turn a pauper into a princess.  And Mumbaigloss got an opportunity to interview one such magician, who is lovingly called Uday Dada in the film industry. Uday Shirali has worked with many Bollywood biggies in his career spanning more than 15 years and is currently associated with Priyanka Chopra. Let’s know more about the man behind that pretty face of the starlet. (Psst! He has shared makeup tips for you girls. Do I see a few of you break into a crazy jig?) MG: Hi Uday dada, I am so glad that you decided to speak to Mumbaigloss.in.  You are currently working with Priyanka on Bajirao Mastani and have also done her makeup in Mary Kom, Barfi, Agneepath, Raamleela, Gunday, etc. Since when have you been associated with this industry? How did you start? Uday: I started my career as an artist. I used to paint, make greetings and sketches so I have always been from the creative field. One of my friends saw my work and told that I should try hands on make-up. That’s when I was introduced to Bollywood’s veteran makeup artist, dada Pandhari Juker who was already a big name in the film industry. He is my Guru and I owe my career to him. I have learnt everything from him. Under his guidance, I got a chance to work with leading beauties of Bollywood from Madhubala to Madhuri Dixit. I used to not earn much at that time; just mere Rs. 50 a day. I would save that money and buy make-up products. It was Pooja Bhatt who gave me first break as an independent make-up artist in her movie ‘Zakhm’. MG: Oh that’s interesting! How many Bollywood artists have you worked with till now? Who has got the best features which you have accentuated with your makeup? Uday: Later, I bagged more projects and worked with many actress like Sushmita Sen, Tabu, Mahima Chaudhry , Preity Zinta helped me gain confidence in my work. I had styled Sushmita Sen for the song ‘Mehboob Mere’ from the movie Fiza that got me immense appreciation. That was a turning point in my career. I think Sushmita is a very pretty actress; she has got the best features.   MG:  Indeed! Sushmita looked ethereal in that song.  Can you give us a few tips so that even we can look as good as her? Uday: Why not! MG: Indian women face certain problems like unclear skin (brown spots, blemishes, under-eye dark circles, etc.) How can they create a flawless base? Uday: Most of the Indians suffer from unclear skin. To create a flawless base select your favorite liquid foundation and pick a dense, flat top brush and dip it into the foundation. Dab this onto your nose, cheeks, around the edges of your face, and neck. Buff the foundation into your skin until it’s flawless but don’t be too harsh. Gently apply a primer and softly apply concealer under the eyes. This will give desired flawless skin. You can go for products like foundation by NARS, Christian Dior, Becca brushes, etc. I don’t think I can do without Chanel’s foundation. They are the best ones.  MG: Awesome! So you mean to say that foundation should be used before concealer. I always used to do it the other way round. Can you also tell us which lipsticks are best suited for Indian skin tone?  Uday: Peach and pink coloured lip glosses are the best for Indian skin tone. Red glossy lipsticks give Indian beauties a glamorous look. Chocolate, deep plum or sultry red is the best selection for a dark skin. Caramel or warm peach lip colours look good during the daytime and wine coloured shades will be the best for night-time. You can also add orange and coral. Avoid chalky colours with darker skin tones as they are too contrasting. MG: Thank you for this tip! I completely agree that lipsticks should be selected as per your skin tone otherwise the skin looks dull. Can you please suggest an easy day look and a night look? Uday: During the day time you just need to look more pretty and polished. A smooth skin with foundation and rosy cheeks is all that you have to do to make your face look gorgeous. You just need a dash of lip-gloss and mascara to complete the look.  By night your skin is dehydrated. Moisturizing foundation will make you look fresh. Gold shimmer powder is something you should wear on your cheekbones, brow bones and décolletage which gives to a bold and sexy look.  You can use Makeup Forever’s eye shadows to create a smokey eye effect. Super! Now we can apply these tips to create easy makeup looks. Thank you Uday dada for giving us this invaluable information. So girls, next time you are going out, try to apply these tips and do let me know if it was helpful. I recently saw Kim Kardashian’s face (not butt) sans makeup and thought that makeup does wonders to her face. She does have a pretty face but makeup makes her look incredibly glamorous. Few are naturally beautiful with flawless skin and nymph like features, but for others there is always a makeup artist. A good makeup artist transforms an average face into a glam diva. They are like artists who create masterpieces on the canvas of face. They are these magicians who turn a pauper into a princess.  And Mumbaigloss got an opportunity to interview one such magician, who is lovingly called Uday Dada in the film industry. Uday Shirali has worked with many Bollywood biggies in his career spanning more than 15 years and is currently associated with Priyanka Chopra. Let’s know more about the man behind that pretty face of the starlet. (Psst! He has shared makeup tips for you girls. Do I see a few of you break into a crazy jig?) MG: Hi Uday dada, I am so glad that you decided to speak to Mumbaigloss.in.  You are currently working with Priyanka on Bajirao Mastani and have also done her makeup in Mary Kom, Barfi, Agneepath, Raamleela, Gunday, etc. Since when have you been associated with this industry? How did you start? Uday: I started my career as an artist. I used to paint, make greetings and sketches so I have always been from the creative field. One of my friends saw my work and told that I should try hands on make-up. That’s when I was introduced to Bollywood’s veteran makeup artist, dada Pandhari Juker who was already a big name in the film industry. He is my Guru and I owe my career to him. I have learnt everything from him. Under his guidance, I got a chance to work with leading beauties of Bollywood from Madhubala to Madhuri Dixit. I used to not earn much at that time; just mere Rs. 50 a day. I would save that money and buy make-up products. It was Pooja Bhatt who gave me first break as an independent make-up artist in her movie ‘Zakhm’. MG: Oh that’s interesting! How many Bollywood artists have you worked with till now? Who has got the best features which you have accentuated with your makeup? Uday: Later, I bagged more projects and worked with many actress like Sushmita Sen, Tabu, Mahima Chaudhry , Preity Zinta helped me gain confidence in my work. I had styled Sushmita Sen for the song ‘Mehboob Mere’ from the movie Fiza that got me immense appreciation. That was a turning point in my career. I think Sushmita is a very pretty actress; she has got the best features.   MG:  Indeed! Sushmita looked ethereal in that song.  Can you give us a few tips so that even we can look as good as her? Uday: Why not! MG: Indian women face certain problems like unclear skin (brown spots, blemishes, under-eye dark circles, etc.) How can they create a flawless base? Uday: Most of the Indians suffer from unclear skin. To create a flawless base select your favorite liquid foundation and pick a dense, flat top brush and dip it into the foundation. Dab this onto your nose, cheeks, around the edges of your face, and neck. Buff the foundation into your skin until it’s flawless but don’t be too harsh. Gently apply a primer and softly apply concealer under the eyes. This will give desired flawless skin. You can go for products like foundation by NARS, Christian Dior, Becca brushes, etc. I don’t think I can do without Chanel’s foundation. They are the best ones.  MG: Awesome! So you mean to say that foundation should be used before concealer. I always used to do it the other way round. Can you also tell us which lipsticks are best suited for Indian skin tone?  Uday: Peach and pink coloured lip glosses are the best for Indian skin tone. Red glossy lipsticks give Indian beauties a glamorous look. Chocolate, deep plum or sultry red is the best selection for a dark skin. Caramel or warm peach lip colours look good during the daytime and wine coloured shades will be the best for night-time. You can also add orange and coral. Avoid chalky colours with darker skin tones as they are too contrasting. MG: Thank you for this tip! I completely agree that lipsticks should be selected as per your skin tone otherwise the skin looks dull. Can you please suggest an easy day look and a night look? Uday: During the day time you just need to look more pretty and polished. A smooth skin with foundation and rosy cheeks is all that you have to do to make your face look gorgeous. You just need a dash of lip-gloss and mascara to complete the look.  By night your skin is dehydrated. Moisturizing foundation will make you look fresh. Gold shimmer powder is something you should wear on your cheekbones, brow bones and décolletage which gives to a bold and sexy look.  You can use Makeup Forever’s eye shadows to create a smokey eye effect. Super! Now we can apply these tips to create easy makeup looks. Thank you Uday dada for giving us this invaluable information. So girls, next time you are going out, try to apply these tips and do let me know if it was helpful. I recently saw Kim Kardashian’s face (not butt) sans makeup and thought that makeup does wonders to her face. She does have a pretty face but makeup makes her look incredibly glamorous. Few are naturally beautiful with flawless skin and nymph like features, but for others there is always a makeup artist. A good makeup artist transforms an average face into a glam diva. They are like artists who create masterpieces on the canvas of face. They are these magicians who turn a pauper into a princess.  And Mumbaigloss got an opportunity to interview one such magician, who is lovingly called Uday Dada in the film industry. Uday Shirali has worked with many Bollywood biggies in his career spanning more than 15 years and is currently associated with Priyanka Chopra. Let’s know more about the man behind that pretty face of the starlet. (Psst! He has shared makeup tips for you girls. Do I see a few of you break into a crazy jig?) MG: Hi Uday dada, I am so glad that you decided to speak to Mumbaigloss.in.  You are currently working with Priyanka on Bajirao Mastani and have also done her makeup in Mary Kom, Barfi, Agneepath, Raamleela, Gunday, etc. Since when have you been associated with this industry? How did you start? Uday: I started my career as an artist. I used to paint, make greetings and sketches so I have always been from the creative field. One of my friends saw my work and told that I should try hands on make-up. That’s when I was introduced to Bollywood’s veteran makeup artist, dada Pandhari Juker who was already a big name in the film industry. He is my Guru and I owe my career to him. I have learnt everything from him. Under his guidance, I got a chance to work with leading beauties of Bollywood from Madhubala to Madhuri Dixit. I used to not earn much at that time; just mere Rs. 50 a day. I would save that money and buy make-up products. It was Pooja Bhatt who gave me first break as an independent make-up artist in her movie ‘Zakhm’. MG: Oh that’s interesting! How many Bollywood artists have you worked with till now? Who has got the best features which you have accentuated with your makeup? Uday: Later, I bagged more projects and worked with many actress like Sushmita Sen, Tabu, Mahima Chaudhry , Preity Zinta helped me gain confidence in my work. I had styled Sushmita Sen for the song ‘Mehboob Mere’ from the movie Fiza that got me immense appreciation. That was a turning point in my career. I think Sushmita is a very pretty actress; she has got the best features.   MG:  Indeed! Sushmita looked ethereal in that song.  Can you give us a few tips so that even we can look as good as her? Uday: Why not! MG: Indian women face certain problems like unclear skin (brown spots, blemishes, under-eye dark circles, etc.) How can they create a flawless base? Uday: Most of the Indians suffer from unclear skin. To create a flawless base select your favorite liquid foundation and pick a dense, flat top brush and dip it into the foundation. Dab this onto your nose, cheeks, around the edges of your face, and neck. Buff the foundation into your skin until it’s flawless but don’t be too harsh. Gently apply a primer and softly apply concealer under the eyes. This will give desired flawless skin. You can go for products like foundation by NARS, Christian Dior, Becca brushes, etc. I don’t think I can do without Chanel’s foundation. They are the best ones.  MG: Awesome! So you mean to say that foundation should be used before concealer. I always used to do it the other way round. Can you also tell us which lipsticks are best suited for Indian skin tone?  Uday: Peach and pink coloured lip glosses are the best for Indian skin tone. Red glossy lipsticks give Indian beauties a glamorous look. Chocolate, deep plum or sultry red is the best selection for a dark skin. Caramel or warm peach lip colours look good during the daytime and wine coloured shades will be the best for night-time. You can also add orange and coral. Avoid chalky colours with darker skin tones as they are too contrasting. MG: Thank you for this tip! I completely agree that lipsticks should be selected as per your skin tone otherwise the skin looks dull. Can you please suggest an easy day look and a night look? Uday: During the day time you just need to look more pretty and polished. A smooth skin with foundation and rosy cheeks is all that you have to do to make your face look gorgeous. You just need a dash of lip-gloss and mascara to complete the look.  By night your skin is dehydrated. Moisturizing foundation will make you look fresh. Gold shimmer powder is something you should wear on your cheekbones, brow bones and décolletage which gives to a bold and sexy look.  You can use Makeup Forever’s eye shadows to create a smokey eye effect. Super! Now we can apply these tips to create easy makeup looks. Thank you Uday dada for giving us this invaluable information. So girls, next time you are going out, try to apply these tips and do let me know if it was helpful. I recently saw Kim Kardashian’s face (not butt) sans makeup and thought that makeup does wonders to her face. She does have a pretty face but makeup makes her look incredibly glamorous. Few are naturally beautiful with flawless skin and nymph like features, but for others there is always a makeup artist. A good makeup artist transforms an average face into a glam diva. They are like artists who create masterpieces on the canvas of face. They are these magicians who turn a pauper into a princess.  And Mumbaigloss got an opportunity to interview one such magician, who is lovingly called Uday Dada in the film industry. Uday Shirali has worked with many Bollywood biggies in his career spanning more than 15 years and is currently associated with Priyanka Chopra. Let’s know more about the man behind that pretty face of the starlet. (Psst! He has shared makeup tips for you girls. Do I see a few of you break into a crazy jig?) MG: Hi Uday dada, I am so glad that you decided to speak to Mumbaigloss.in.  You are currently working with Priyanka on Bajirao Mastani and have also done her makeup in Mary Kom, Barfi, Agneepath, Raamleela, Gunday, etc. Since when have you been associated with this industry? How did you start? Uday: I started my career as an artist. I used to paint, make greetings and sketches so I have always been from the creative field. One of my friends saw my work and told that I should try hands on make-up. That’s when I was introduced to Bollywood’s veteran makeup artist, dada Pandhari Juker who was already a big name in the film industry. He is my Guru and I owe my career to him. I have learnt everything from him. Under his guidance, I got a chance to work with leading beauties of Bollywood from Madhubala to Madhuri Dixit. I used to not earn much at that time; just mere Rs. 50 a day. I would save that money and buy make-up products. It was Pooja Bhatt who gave me first break as an independent make-up artist in her movie ‘Zakhm’. MG: Oh that’s interesting! How many Bollywood artists have you worked with till now? Who has got the best features which you have accentuated with your makeup? Uday: Later, I bagged more projects and worked with many actress like Sushmita Sen, Tabu, Mahima Chaudhry , Preity Zinta helped me gain confidence in my work. I had styled Sushmita Sen for the song ‘Mehboob Mere’ from the movie Fiza that got me immense appreciation. That was a turning point in my career. I think Sushmita is a very pretty actress; she has got the best features.   MG:  Indeed! Sushmita looked ethereal in that song.  Can you give us a few tips so that even we can look as good as her? Uday: Why not! MG: Indian women face certain problems like unclear skin (brown spots, blemishes, under-eye dark circles, etc.) How can they create a flawless base? Uday: Most of the Indians suffer from unclear skin. To create a flawless base select your favorite liquid foundation and pick a dense, flat top brush and dip it into the foundation. Dab this onto your nose, cheeks, around the edges of your face, and neck. Buff the foundation into your skin until it’s flawless but don’t be too harsh. Gently apply a primer and softly apply concealer under the eyes. This will give desired flawless skin. You can go for products like foundation by NARS, Christian Dior, Becca brushes, etc. I don’t think I can do without Chanel’s foundation. They are the best ones.  MG: Awesome! So you mean to say that foundation should be used before concealer. I always used to do it the other way round. Can you also tell us which lipsticks are best suited for Indian skin tone?  Uday: Peach and pink coloured lip glosses are the best for Indian skin tone. Red glossy lipsticks give Indian beauties a glamorous look. Chocolate, deep plum or sultry red is the best selection for a dark skin. Caramel or warm peach lip colours look good during the daytime and wine coloured shades will be the best for night-time. You can also add orange and coral. Avoid chalky colours with darker skin tones as they are too contrasting. MG: Thank you for this tip! I completely agree that lipsticks should be selected as per your skin tone otherwise the skin looks dull. Can you please suggest an easy day look and a night look? Uday: During the day time you just need to look more pretty and polished. A smooth skin with foundation and rosy cheeks is all that you have to do to make your face look gorgeous. You just need a dash of lip-gloss and mascara to complete the look.  By night your skin is dehydrated. Moisturizing foundation will make you look fresh. Gold shimmer powder is something you should wear on your cheekbones, brow bones and décolletage which gives to a bold and sexy look.  You can use Makeup Forever’s eye shadows to create a smokey eye effect. Super! Now we can apply these tips to create easy makeup looks. Thank you Uday dada for giving us this invaluable information. So girls, next time you are going out, try to apply these tips and do let me know if it was helpful. This morning I again got a reminder from Indiblogger to write a review about the new Garnier BB Cream Miracle Skin Perfector. Yes, I had ordered for a sample. Not because I want to meet brand ambassador Deepika Padukone (Grand prize) or want electronic goodies like Moto G phone or Apple Ipod nano but because I really wanted to put it against my current favourite Ponds White Beauty BB cream.  Garnier BB cream claims that it brightens, smoothens and moisturizes your skin. Garnier BB cream is an all in one daily moisturiser that instantly beautifies your skin and spreads evenly for a flawless finish. Its light-weight and comfortable texture blends perfectly into the skin. It also has Vitamin C derivative which has antioxidant properties and Almond extract to give perfect moisturization. It has SPF 24 to protect your skin from harmful UV rays. Sounds really like a deal. Priced at Rs 199 for a 40g tube. Ponds White Beauty All in One BB Cream claims to have sophisticated skin lightening GenWhite Cover Formula and SPF 30 PA++ advanced sunscreen protection. Clinically proven to lighten skin tone and reduce dark spots, GenWhite Formula is enriched with a powerful mix of Vitamin B3, Vitamin E, Allantoin which improves the skin. It also helps to lighten the skin. Though, I personally do not like the fact that they are propagating that lighter skin is beautiful. It is priced at Rs. 299 for a 50g tube.  So we see that both the creams are powerful concoctions of vitamins and minerals which are going to improve our skin condition and also provide instant glow. So how do we know which is the best product for us? I decided to do a swatch test and a product comparison for you all.  If you see, both the creams are beige in color. They both come in single shade which is ideal for Indian skin tone. Though Ponds BB cream is more towards natural skin colour than Garnier BB cream.  The consistency of Garnier BB cream is watery, runny whereas Ponds BB cream has a creamy, cohesive texture. Ponds has a better staying power than Garnier and gives better coverage on the skin hiding minor blemishes, brown spots and fine lines. Though, Garnier BB cream felt much moisturizing as it was quickly absorbed into the skin.  Ponds BB Cream gives a natural looking coverage whereas Garnier BB cream gives sheer coverage. Look at the swatches carefully. Ponds BB cream gives much better coverage for dark circles than Garnier BB cream. Have applied no other makeup to the eyes for a clear result. So what did I conclude? It is rather difficult to comment on the  skin condition or changes in the skin texture over a period of time as I haven’t used Garnier BB Cream Miracle Skin Perfector for very long. But if they have used Almond extracts which has excellent moisturizing properties and Vitamin C derivatives which revitalises the skin then in the long run Garnier BB Cream should make the skin better. Having said that Ponds White Beauty also infuses Vitamin E, B3 and Allantoin which has skin conditioning properties. Therefore, both the BB creams will help your skin to regenerate. Garnier BB Cream has SPF 24 whereas Ponds BB Cream has SPF 30 ++ which isn’t much different. Price of Garnier BB Cream for 40g tube is Rs 199 and price of Ponds BB cream for 50g tube is Rs 299. Again not much of a difference. Ponds is compensating with more quantity for a higher price. Coverage for Garnier BB cream is less than Ponds BB Cream. Garnier BB cream acts more like a tinted moisturizer. It is ideal for those who have near about flawless skin and do not need much coverage. Ponds BB Cream isn’t cakey but is smooth and fairly easy to apply. So is Garnier BB cream. Do these BB creams help to skip the regular foundation and concealer regimen? Ponds BB cream is definitely a better option if you want to skip foundation and concealer especially for day time makeup. Garnier BB Cream is good if you just want a sheer coverage and moisturizing. Hope this is helpful? Do leave a comment below. This morning I again got a reminder from Indiblogger to write a review about the new Garnier BB Cream Miracle Skin Perfector. Yes, I had ordered for a sample. Not because I want to meet brand ambassador Deepika Padukone (Grand prize) or want electronic goodies like Moto G phone or Apple Ipod nano but because I really wanted to put it against my current favourite Ponds White Beauty BB cream.  Garnier BB cream claims that it brightens, smoothens and moisturizes your skin. Garnier BB cream is an all in one daily moisturiser that instantly beautifies your skin and spreads evenly for a flawless finish. Its light-weight and comfortable texture blends perfectly into the skin. It also has Vitamin C derivative which has antioxidant properties and Almond extract to give perfect moisturization. It has SPF 24 to protect your skin from harmful UV rays. Sounds really like a deal. Priced at Rs 199 for a 40g tube. Ponds White Beauty All in One BB Cream claims to have sophisticated skin lightening GenWhite Cover Formula and SPF 30 PA++ advanced sunscreen protection. Clinically proven to lighten skin tone and reduce dark spots, GenWhite Formula is enriched with a powerful mix of Vitamin B3, Vitamin E, Allantoin which improves the skin. It also helps to lighten the skin. Though, I personally do not like the fact that they are propagating that lighter skin is beautiful. It is priced at Rs. 299 for a 50g tube.  So we see that both the creams are powerful concoctions of vitamins and minerals which are going to improve our skin condition and also provide instant glow. So how do we know which is the best product for us? I decided to do a swatch test and a product comparison for you all.  If you see, both the creams are beige in color. They both come in single shade which is ideal for Indian skin tone. Though Ponds BB cream is more towards natural skin colour than Garnier BB cream.  The consistency of Garnier BB cream is watery, runny whereas Ponds BB cream has a creamy, cohesive texture. Ponds has a better staying power than Garnier and gives better coverage on the skin hiding minor blemishes, brown spots and fine lines. Though, Garnier BB cream felt much moisturizing as it was quickly absorbed into the skin.  Ponds BB Cream gives a natural looking coverage whereas Garnier BB cream gives sheer coverage. Look at the swatches carefully. Ponds BB cream gives much better coverage for dark circles than Garnier BB cream. Have applied no other makeup to the eyes for a clear result. So what did I conclude? It is rather difficult to comment on the  skin condition or changes in the skin texture over a period of time as I haven’t used Garnier BB Cream Miracle Skin Perfector for very long. But if they have used Almond extracts which has excellent moisturizing properties and Vitamin C derivatives which revitalises the skin then in the long run Garnier BB Cream should make the skin better. Having said that Ponds White Beauty also infuses Vitamin E, B3 and Allantoin which has skin conditioning properties. Therefore, both the BB creams will help your skin to regenerate. Garnier BB Cream has SPF 24 whereas Ponds BB Cream has SPF 30 ++ which isn’t much different. Price of Garnier BB Cream for 40g tube is Rs 199 and price of Ponds BB cream for 50g tube is Rs 299. Again not much of a difference. Ponds is compensating with more quantity for a higher price. Coverage for Garnier BB cream is less than Ponds BB Cream. Garnier BB cream acts more like a tinted moisturizer. It is ideal for those who have near about flawless skin and do not need much coverage. Ponds BB Cream isn’t cakey but is smooth and fairly easy to apply. So is Garnier BB cream. Do these BB creams help to skip the regular foundation and concealer regimen? Ponds BB cream is definitely a better option if you want to skip foundation and concealer especially for day time makeup. Garnier BB Cream is good if you just want a sheer coverage and moisturizing. Hope this is helpful? Do leave a comment below. This morning I again got a reminder from Indiblogger to write a review about the new Garnier BB Cream Miracle Skin Perfector. Yes, I had ordered for a sample. Not because I want to meet brand ambassador Deepika Padukone (Grand prize) or want electronic goodies like Moto G phone or Apple Ipod nano but because I really wanted to put it against my current favourite Ponds White Beauty BB cream.  Garnier BB cream claims that it brightens, smoothens and moisturizes your skin. Garnier BB cream is an all in one daily moisturiser that instantly beautifies your skin and spreads evenly for a flawless finish. Its light-weight and comfortable texture blends perfectly into the skin. It also has Vitamin C derivative which has antioxidant properties and Almond extract to give perfect moisturization. It has SPF 24 to protect your skin from harmful UV rays. Sounds really like a deal. Priced at Rs 199 for a 40g tube. Ponds White Beauty All in One BB Cream claims to have sophisticated skin lightening GenWhite Cover Formula and SPF 30 PA++ advanced sunscreen protection. Clinically proven to lighten skin tone and reduce dark spots, GenWhite Formula is enriched with a powerful mix of Vitamin B3, Vitamin E, Allantoin which improves the skin. It also helps to lighten the skin. Though, I personally do not like the fact that they are propagating that lighter skin is beautiful. It is priced at Rs. 299 for a 50g tube.  So we see that both the creams are powerful concoctions of vitamins and minerals which are going to improve our skin condition and also provide instant glow. So how do we know which is the best product for us? I decided to do a swatch test and a product comparison for you all.  If you see, both the creams are beige in color. They both come in single shade which is ideal for Indian skin tone. Though Ponds BB cream is more towards natural skin colour than Garnier BB cream.  The consistency of Garnier BB cream is watery, runny whereas Ponds BB cream has a creamy, cohesive texture. Ponds has a better staying power than Garnier and gives better coverage on the skin hiding minor blemishes, brown spots and fine lines. Though, Garnier BB cream felt much moisturizing as it was quickly absorbed into the skin.  Ponds BB Cream gives a natural looking coverage whereas Garnier BB cream gives sheer coverage. Look at the swatches carefully. Ponds BB cream gives much better coverage for dark circles than Garnier BB cream. Have applied no other makeup to the eyes for a clear result. So what did I conclude? It is rather difficult to comment on the  skin condition or changes in the skin texture over a period of time as I haven’t used Garnier BB Cream Miracle Skin Perfector for very long. But if they have used Almond extracts which has excellent moisturizing properties and Vitamin C derivatives which revitalises the skin then in the long run Garnier BB Cream should make the skin better. Having said that Ponds White Beauty also infuses Vitamin E, B3 and Allantoin which has skin conditioning properties. Therefore, both the BB creams will help your skin to regenerate. Garnier BB Cream has SPF 24 whereas Ponds BB Cream has SPF 30 ++ which isn’t much different. Price of Garnier BB Cream for 40g tube is Rs 199 and price of Ponds BB cream for 50g tube is Rs 299. Again not much of a difference. Ponds is compensating with more quantity for a higher price. Coverage for Garnier BB cream is less than Ponds BB Cream. Garnier BB cream acts more like a tinted moisturizer. It is ideal for those who have near about flawless skin and do not need much coverage. Ponds BB Cream isn’t cakey but is smooth and fairly easy to apply. So is Garnier BB cream. Do these BB creams help to skip the regular foundation and concealer regimen? Ponds BB cream is definitely a better option if you want to skip foundation and concealer especially for day time makeup. Garnier BB Cream is good if you just want a sheer coverage and moisturizing. Hope this is helpful? Do leave a comment below. This morning I again got a reminder from Indiblogger to write a review about the new Garnier BB Cream Miracle Skin Perfector. Yes, I had ordered for a sample. Not because I want to meet brand ambassador Deepika Padukone (Grand prize) or want electronic goodies like Moto G phone or Apple Ipod nano but because I really wanted to put it against my current favourite Ponds White Beauty BB cream.  Garnier BB cream claims that it brightens, smoothens and moisturizes your skin. Garnier BB cream is an all in one daily moisturiser that instantly beautifies your skin and spreads evenly for a flawless finish. Its light-weight and comfortable texture blends perfectly into the skin. It also has Vitamin C derivative which has antioxidant properties and Almond extract to give perfect moisturization. It has SPF 24 to protect your skin from harmful UV rays. Sounds really like a deal. Priced at Rs 199 for a 40g tube. Ponds White Beauty All in One BB Cream claims to have sophisticated skin lightening GenWhite Cover Formula and SPF 30 PA++ advanced sunscreen protection. Clinically proven to lighten skin tone and reduce dark spots, GenWhite Formula is enriched with a powerful mix of Vitamin B3, Vitamin E, Allantoin which improves the skin. It also helps to lighten the skin. Though, I personally do not like the fact that they are propagating that lighter skin is beautiful. It is priced at Rs. 299 for a 50g tube.  So we see that both the creams are powerful concoctions of vitamins and minerals which are going to improve our skin condition and also provide instant glow. So how do we know which is the best product for us? I decided to do a swatch test and a product comparison for you all.  If you see, both the creams are beige in color. They both come in single shade which is ideal for Indian skin tone. Though Ponds BB cream is more towards natural skin colour than Garnier BB cream.  The consistency of Garnier BB cream is watery, runny whereas Ponds BB cream has a creamy, cohesive texture. Ponds has a better staying power than Garnier and gives better coverage on the skin hiding minor blemishes, brown spots and fine lines. Though, Garnier BB cream felt much moisturizing as it was quickly absorbed into the skin.  Ponds BB Cream gives a natural looking coverage whereas Garnier BB cream gives sheer coverage. Look at the swatches carefully. Ponds BB cream gives much better coverage for dark circles than Garnier BB cream. Have applied no other makeup to the eyes for a clear result. So what did I conclude? It is rather difficult to comment on the  skin condition or changes in the skin texture over a period of time as I haven’t used Garnier BB Cream Miracle Skin Perfector for very long. But if they have used Almond extracts which has excellent moisturizing properties and Vitamin C derivatives which revitalises the skin then in the long run Garnier BB Cream should make the skin better. Having said that Ponds White Beauty also infuses Vitamin E, B3 and Allantoin which has skin conditioning properties. Therefore, both the BB creams will help your skin to regenerate. Garnier BB Cream has SPF 24 whereas Ponds BB Cream has SPF 30 ++ which isn’t much different. Price of Garnier BB Cream for 40g tube is Rs 199 and price of Ponds BB cream for 50g tube is Rs 299. Again not much of a difference. Ponds is compensating with more quantity for a higher price. Coverage for Garnier BB cream is less than Ponds BB Cream. Garnier BB cream acts more like a tinted moisturizer. It is ideal for those who have near about flawless skin and do not need much coverage. Ponds BB Cream isn’t cakey but is smooth and fairly easy to apply. So is Garnier BB cream. Do these BB creams help to skip the regular foundation and concealer regimen? Ponds BB cream is definitely a better option if you want to skip foundation and concealer especially for day time makeup. Garnier BB Cream is good if you just want a sheer coverage and moisturizing. Hope this is helpful? Do leave a comment below. Gone are the days of Indian supermodel. Remember Madhu Sapre, who was a rage with the masses? Her perfectly chiseled body and an envious face scorched the ramp in the 90s. Let’s not forget that Aishwarya Rai was the most sought after model before she became a Bollywood heartthrob. But Indian fashion scene has changed since then. Now designers get into frenzy to sign up a Bollywood beauty for their shows. The very first question asked is, “who is the Bollywood showstopper?” The allure of Indian supermodel has faded since long. But Max, a division of Lifestyle International (P) Ltd., is trying to revive the lost glory of Indian supermodel and trying to scout talent across the country who can represent India at an international level. They want an Indian face to be listed among the elite club of supermodels and carve a place in the international fashion scene. That’s why they have collaborated with the world-famous model agency Elite who have promoted faces like Cindy Crawford, Adriana Lima, Gisele Bündchen among others. Not many Indian supermodels have found the international recognition other than Ujjwala Raut, Lakshmi Menon and a few others. Max is trying to break this mold.  Mumbaigloss was invited to the grand finale of ELITE MODEL LOOK INDIA 2014 last Sunday at Sofitel, BKC. Finalists from various cities like Delhi, Chandigarh, Kolkata, Bangalore and Mumbai gave their shot to win this coveted title. Rinku Malik and Vijaya Sharma from Delhi won the titles after battling it out with the gorgeous models across the country. The winners will now represent India at the international finale in China and secure a 3 year contract with the Elite agency. Their full grooming responsibilities will be taken care of by Max and Elite. The show was judged by Victoria Da Silva – World President Elite Model Look accompanied by Narendra Kumar (Fashion Designer), Vasanth Kumar (Executive Director, Max), Marc Robinson (Project Head, Max EML India 2014) and Nupur Tron (License owner, Elite Model Look in India). Speaking about the event, Designer Narendra Kumar said, “Elite brings a greater international focus to Indian fashion which is desperately needed at a time when Bollywood has consumed the industry.  An elite Indian supermodel would also put India on the global fashion map.”  All the best Rinku and Vijaya! Hope you make India proud and win the finals.  What do you feel about Indian supermodels? Can they make an impression at the international arena? Gone are the days of Indian supermodel. Remember Madhu Sapre, who was a rage with the masses? Her perfectly chiseled body and an envious face scorched the ramp in the 90s. Let’s not forget that Aishwarya Rai was the most sought after model before she became a Bollywood heartthrob. But Indian fashion scene has changed since then. Now designers get into frenzy to sign up a Bollywood beauty for their shows. The very first question asked is, “who is the Bollywood showstopper?” The allure of Indian supermodel has faded since long. But Max, a division of Lifestyle International (P) Ltd., is trying to revive the lost glory of Indian supermodel and trying to scout talent across the country who can represent India at an international level. They want an Indian face to be listed among the elite club of supermodels and carve a place in the international fashion scene. That’s why they have collaborated with the world-famous model agency Elite who have promoted faces like Cindy Crawford, Adriana Lima, Gisele Bündchen among others. Not many Indian supermodels have found the international recognition other than Ujjwala Raut, Lakshmi Menon and a few others. Max is trying to break this mold.  Mumbaigloss was invited to the grand finale of ELITE MODEL LOOK INDIA 2014 last Sunday at Sofitel, BKC. Finalists from various cities like Delhi, Chandigarh, Kolkata, Bangalore and Mumbai gave their shot to win this coveted title. Rinku Malik and Vijaya Sharma from Delhi won the titles after battling it out with the gorgeous models across the country. The winners will now represent India at the international finale in China and secure a 3 year contract with the Elite agency. Their full grooming responsibilities will be taken care of by Max and Elite. The show was judged by Victoria Da Silva – World President Elite Model Look accompanied by Narendra Kumar (Fashion Designer), Vasanth Kumar (Executive Director, Max), Marc Robinson (Project Head, Max EML India 2014) and Nupur Tron (License owner, Elite Model Look in India). Speaking about the event, Designer Narendra Kumar said, “Elite brings a greater international focus to Indian fashion which is desperately needed at a time when Bollywood has consumed the industry.  An elite Indian supermodel would also put India on the global fashion map.”  All the best Rinku and Vijaya! Hope you make India proud and win the finals.  What do you feel about Indian supermodels? Can they make an impression at the international arena? Gone are the days of Indian supermodel. Remember Madhu Sapre, who was a rage with the masses? Her perfectly chiseled body and an envious face scorched the ramp in the 90s. Let’s not forget that Aishwarya Rai was the most sought after model before she became a Bollywood heartthrob. But Indian fashion scene has changed since then. Now designers get into frenzy to sign up a Bollywood beauty for their shows. The very first question asked is, “who is the Bollywood showstopper?” The allure of Indian supermodel has faded since long. But Max, a division of Lifestyle International (P) Ltd., is trying to revive the lost glory of Indian supermodel and trying to scout talent across the country who can represent India at an international level. They want an Indian face to be listed among the elite club of supermodels and carve a place in the international fashion scene. That’s why they have collaborated with the world-famous model agency Elite who have promoted faces like Cindy Crawford, Adriana Lima, Gisele Bündchen among others. Not many Indian supermodels have found the international recognition other than Ujjwala Raut, Lakshmi Menon and a few others. Max is trying to break this mold.  Mumbaigloss was invited to the grand finale of ELITE MODEL LOOK INDIA 2014 last Sunday at Sofitel, BKC. Finalists from various cities like Delhi, Chandigarh, Kolkata, Bangalore and Mumbai gave their shot to win this coveted title. Rinku Malik and Vijaya Sharma from Delhi won the titles after battling it out with the gorgeous models across the country. The winners will now represent India at the international finale in China and secure a 3 year contract with the Elite agency. Their full grooming responsibilities will be taken care of by Max and Elite. The show was judged by Victoria Da Silva – World President Elite Model Look accompanied by Narendra Kumar (Fashion Designer), Vasanth Kumar (Executive Director, Max), Marc Robinson (Project Head, Max EML India 2014) and Nupur Tron (License owner, Elite Model Look in India). Speaking about the event, Designer Narendra Kumar said, “Elite brings a greater international focus to Indian fashion which is desperately needed at a time when Bollywood has consumed the industry.  An elite Indian supermodel would also put India on the global fashion map.”  All the best Rinku and Vijaya! Hope you make India proud and win the finals.  What do you feel about Indian supermodels? Can they make an impression at the international arena? Gone are the days of Indian supermodel. Remember Madhu Sapre, who was a rage with the masses? Her perfectly chiseled body and an envious face scorched the ramp in the 90s. Let’s not forget that Aishwarya Rai was the most sought after model before she became a Bollywood heartthrob. But Indian fashion scene has changed since then. Now designers get into frenzy to sign up a Bollywood beauty for their shows. The very first question asked is, “who is the Bollywood showstopper?” The allure of Indian supermodel has faded since long. But Max, a division of Lifestyle International (P) Ltd., is trying to revive the lost glory of Indian supermodel and trying to scout talent across the country who can represent India at an international level. They want an Indian face to be listed among the elite club of supermodels and carve a place in the international fashion scene. That’s why they have collaborated with the world-famous model agency Elite who have promoted faces like Cindy Crawford, Adriana Lima, Gisele Bündchen among others. Not many Indian supermodels have found the international recognition other than Ujjwala Raut, Lakshmi Menon and a few others. Max is trying to break this mold.  Mumbaigloss was invited to the grand finale of ELITE MODEL LOOK INDIA 2014 last Sunday at Sofitel, BKC. Finalists from various cities like Delhi, Chandigarh, Kolkata, Bangalore and Mumbai gave their shot to win this coveted title. Rinku Malik and Vijaya Sharma from Delhi won the titles after battling it out with the gorgeous models across the country. The winners will now represent India at the international finale in China and secure a 3 year contract with the Elite agency. Their full grooming responsibilities will be taken care of by Max and Elite. The show was judged by Victoria Da Silva – World President Elite Model Look accompanied by Narendra Kumar (Fashion Designer), Vasanth Kumar (Executive Director, Max), Marc Robinson (Project Head, Max EML India 2014) and Nupur Tron (License owner, Elite Model Look in India). Speaking about the event, Designer Narendra Kumar said, “Elite brings a greater international focus to Indian fashion which is desperately needed at a time when Bollywood has consumed the industry.  An elite Indian supermodel would also put India on the global fashion map.”  All the best Rinku and Vijaya! Hope you make India proud and win the finals.  What do you feel about Indian supermodels? Can they make an impression at the international arena? Mumbaigloss was invited to a special preview of the Indo-Western collection by designers Riddhi–Siddhi of mapxencaRS at The Westin Garden City for cocktails. The label has been started by twin sisters Riddhi & Siddhi Mapxencar in September 2009 who come from Goa. The embroidery incorporated in garments aims at giving an illusion of print and textures rather just embellishments. The garments are made from only pure silks and natural cottons and linen. The label aims at meticulously crafted garments that are stylized and tailored to meet contemporary fashion lovers. These are structured elegant evening and cocktail wears. Perfect for the festive season! They were showcased in one corner of the grand ballroom. The evening was anything but boring as many TV celebs were seen cheering the designer duo. Beauty queens Parvathy Omnakuttan, Amruta Patki, Urvashi Rautela, actress Rashmi Nigam, model Freddy Daruwala were seen at the event among others. Celebrity Chef Ajay Chopra also dished out some amazing food at the cocktail evening. Sous vide chicken roulade with cauliflower espuma, carrot brittle and jus jelly were served live from counters. I am still thinking about the chicken roulade. Everything was served with molecular gastronomy in mind. Even the deserts were bite sized. Of course, fashionistas love bite size food. It helps them to keep the makeup in place for a very long time. No second applications of lipsticks required! Jokes apart, it was perfect for a cocktail evening where guests were busy mingling and socializing with their wine tulips in one hand. Chef Ajay Chopra designed beautiful cakes with 3D floral motifs and floral lace fondants. It was pretty evident that food designed by the chefs was completely inspired by fashion. What a great combination! I had an awesome time eating delicious food and absorbing fashion all around me at this event. Mumbaigloss was invited to a special preview of the Indo-Western collection by designers Riddhi–Siddhi of mapxencaRS at The Westin Garden City for cocktails. The label has been started by twin sisters Riddhi & Siddhi Mapxencar in September 2009 who come from Goa. The embroidery incorporated in garments aims at giving an illusion of print and textures rather just embellishments. The garments are made from only pure silks and natural cottons and linen. The label aims at meticulously crafted garments that are stylized and tailored to meet contemporary fashion lovers. These are structured elegant evening and cocktail wears. Perfect for the festive season! They were showcased in one corner of the grand ballroom. The evening was anything but boring as many TV celebs were seen cheering the designer duo. Beauty queens Parvathy Omnakuttan, Amruta Patki, Urvashi Rautela, actress Rashmi Nigam, model Freddy Daruwala were seen at the event among others. Celebrity Chef Ajay Chopra also dished out some amazing food at the cocktail evening. Sous vide chicken roulade with cauliflower espuma, carrot brittle and jus jelly were served live from counters. I am still thinking about the chicken roulade. Everything was served with molecular gastronomy in mind. Even the deserts were bite sized. Of course, fashionistas love bite size food. It helps them to keep the makeup in place for a very long time. No second applications of lipsticks required! Jokes apart, it was perfect for a cocktail evening where guests were busy mingling and socializing with their wine tulips in one hand. Chef Ajay Chopra designed beautiful cakes with 3D floral motifs and floral lace fondants. It was pretty evident that food designed by the chefs was completely inspired by fashion. What a great combination! I had an awesome time eating delicious food and absorbing fashion all around me at this event. Mumbaigloss was invited to a special preview of the Indo-Western collection by designers Riddhi–Siddhi of mapxencaRS at The Westin Garden City for cocktails. The label has been started by twin sisters Riddhi & Siddhi Mapxencar in September 2009 who come from Goa. The embroidery incorporated in garments aims at giving an illusion of print and textures rather just embellishments. The garments are made from only pure silks and natural cottons and linen. The label aims at meticulously crafted garments that are stylized and tailored to meet contemporary fashion lovers. These are structured elegant evening and cocktail wears. Perfect for the festive season! They were showcased in one corner of the grand ballroom. The evening was anything but boring as many TV celebs were seen cheering the designer duo. Beauty queens Parvathy Omnakuttan, Amruta Patki, Urvashi Rautela, actress Rashmi Nigam, model Freddy Daruwala were seen at the event among others. Celebrity Chef Ajay Chopra also dished out some amazing food at the cocktail evening. Sous vide chicken roulade with cauliflower espuma, carrot brittle and jus jelly were served live from counters. I am still thinking about the chicken roulade. Everything was served with molecular gastronomy in mind. Even the deserts were bite sized. Of course, fashionistas love bite size food. It helps them to keep the makeup in place for a very long time. No second applications of lipsticks required! Jokes apart, it was perfect for a cocktail evening where guests were busy mingling and socializing with their wine tulips in one hand. Chef Ajay Chopra designed beautiful cakes with 3D floral motifs and floral lace fondants. It was pretty evident that food designed by the chefs was completely inspired by fashion. What a great combination! I had an awesome time eating delicious food and absorbing fashion all around me at this event. Mumbaigloss was invited to a special preview of the Indo-Western collection by designers Riddhi–Siddhi of mapxencaRS at The Westin Garden City for cocktails. The label has been started by twin sisters Riddhi & Siddhi Mapxencar in September 2009 who come from Goa. The embroidery incorporated in garments aims at giving an illusion of print and textures rather just embellishments. The garments are made from only pure silks and natural cottons and linen. The label aims at meticulously crafted garments that are stylized and tailored to meet contemporary fashion lovers. These are structured elegant evening and cocktail wears. Perfect for the festive season! They were showcased in one corner of the grand ballroom. The evening was anything but boring as many TV celebs were seen cheering the designer duo. Beauty queens Parvathy Omnakuttan, Amruta Patki, Urvashi Rautela, actress Rashmi Nigam, model Freddy Daruwala were seen at the event among others. Celebrity Chef Ajay Chopra also dished out some amazing food at the cocktail evening. Sous vide chicken roulade with cauliflower espuma, carrot brittle and jus jelly were served live from counters. I am still thinking about the chicken roulade. Everything was served with molecular gastronomy in mind. Even the deserts were bite sized. Of course, fashionistas love bite size food. It helps them to keep the makeup in place for a very long time. No second applications of lipsticks required! Jokes apart, it was perfect for a cocktail evening where guests were busy mingling and socializing with their wine tulips in one hand. Chef Ajay Chopra designed beautiful cakes with 3D floral motifs and floral lace fondants. It was pretty evident that food designed by the chefs was completely inspired by fashion. What a great combination! I had an awesome time eating delicious food and absorbing fashion all around me at this event.  Power Women Fiesta is being celebrated in Phoenix Market City, Kurla during entire September month. Celebs like Mallaika Arora Khan, Amrita Arora Ladak, Raveena Tandon, Sandeep Soparkar, and others were seen supporting this event. (Marketed on social media as #PWF, #PowerWomenFiesta, #ForMyLadies, etc.) Under this scheme you have to be a woman with either a gold credit card, a driver’s license or in short someone who can spend money and you will be issued a booklet full of offers for free. This has been organized in association with The Country Club, where a grand winner will win a trip to Dubai for 4 or can win other national holidays. Mind it, you need to pay a fee to book holidays even after you win. Your win includes only stay (no food, no transport, etc.) So somebody who can afford to pay for other stuff can only be chosen a winner. So what are these benefits? Free drinks, pizza, donuts, 30 minutes free at psp gaming area, free bowling, movie ticket, free haircut, buy one get one free schemes and discount coupons on minimum purchase by apparel brands. There are a few counters around the mall who are issuing these ‘Power Women Fiesta coupon’ booklets and an identity card after taking down contact details like phone number, email address, etc. and a picture. How often have you said no to the random guy asking for your number in a food-hall for a lucky draw? Maybe every time! But under this scheme we “Power Women” are biting the bait and voluntarily giving out information that we wouldn’t have otherwise, in the hope of some freebies. This is a very clever marketing technique for the participating brands as well as Phoenix Marketcity Kurla mall to pull the crowds on weekdays as well. I have been to the deserted mall on a weekday where the open spaces might as well be converted to badminton courts. The entire booklet seems like a lucrative offer but few coupons are nothing more than a piece of paper. The brands are not ready to entertain what is being committed on those coupons. For example, Funzone PSP Gaming Area would always say, “Sorry we are booked for today, you need to call in advance to get your slot.” It was not me, but every woman who walked in with the coupon. Though, when I pointed out that the seats were empty in the gaming area (can be seen through the glass wall) then they said that those clients are on their way and would reach the venue soon. I went and checked from a distance. No one arrived for the next half an hour. Therefore, I called them back for an appointment the next day and they said all the slots were booked for the week. I went back again to check and they gave me same answer though the seats were empty. So, they have decided to get publicity by putting their name in the booklet but they are not entertaining those coupons. Same goes for Flight Fantasy who are promising to provide 10 Minute experience of flying a fighter jet but in reality aren’t booking any slots and are stating that they are booked for the entire month. Though I couldn’t see many people going into the shop. The Rain Forest promised one free fire shot. But no where did they mention on the coupon ‘after buying a starter’. Yes of course, “Terms & Conditions apply” was mentioned in a small font. That covers everything I believe. Though, I didn’t regret ordering the forced starter which was a tomato based pasta soup with a bread stick. It was tasty. I also went to use my Rs. 1000 off coupon at French Connection. Till 22nd of this month, they were selling old stock on discounted price and the coupon was valid only for the new stock. So that makes the coupon simply a waste. Avirate coupon was a waste too as they were already offering flat 30% discount on their merchandise. And the coupon was valid on full price. So that rendered it useless. Mad Over Donuts was very unhappy that I didn’t give into any of their cross-sales pitch. I didn’t order any other stuff. Just exchanged my coupon with their Classic Double Chocolate Donut. Therefore they decided to boil my donut in a microwave and give it to me in ‘as soggy as it can get state’…ate a few bites and then threw it away. Unbearable! I also ordered for a pan pizza from Pizza Hut. It was a takeaway and the pizza had no cheese or tomato but all bread. Halfway through, it was shown the dustbin. Bombay Blue promised a free pizza too. Unfortunately, they used stale veggies as toppings on their pizza. Free doesn’t mean you feed garbage to your guests, moreover when they are ordering drinks and paying for that. So there are few brands who are participating in Power Women Fiesta only to get some eyeballs. Such a shame! Ok, so what did I really get with these coupons which were really worth my time and efforts? So much for being a ‘Power Woman’! Amoeba the sports bar really made my time worthwhile. They provided a free beer without trying to sell anything else along with it and also made one bowling game available to me without any other commitments. I just spent Rs. 20 to buy socks which is compulsory with bowling shoes. (Provided by them.)  PVR Gold Class ticket was also provided to me without any other commitment. Only catch being it was valid for shows before noon. After a very long time I watched an early morning movie show. The Gold Class has recliner seats and it was a very comfortable experience. I bought some breakfast there.  I also got a free haircut from Enrich Salons and complimentary membership. Though, paid for my hair wash. I would say that I was one of the lucky few. The guy at the counter was pretty upset. He was sending back many coupon holders. He said, “The mall has issued 5000 coupons and we have only 800 slots in the entire month for haircut/pedicure/manicure. How am I supposed to accommodate so many requests?” So basically, many women were not able to get any services but just free membership from Enrich. One lady was so furious that she squealed, “Membership ka kya achar daloon?” I know how it feels when a pedicure is denied to a woman. And that too a power woman. I also got my feet massaged at Suko Thai. I got Rs. 500 discount on the orginal price (Rs. 1650) but those 60 minutes were absolutely distressing and worth the money. I also used buy one get one coupons at Funzone Bumper Car where I got two rides for the price of one (got nostalgic about Appu Ghar and my childhood) and Aromas Café where I got two cappuccinos for the price of one. I also ordered other stuff to eat at the café like cupcakes, tea and sandwiches etc. If you realize, I spent much more than what I would really have. The Power Women Fiesta is a good example of how to market a mall and the brands within; and make good money out of women folk who easily fall for the free schemes. Have you ever heard about Power Man Fiesta? There you go; you never will!  Power Women Fiesta is being celebrated in Phoenix Market City, Kurla during entire September month. Celebs like Mallaika Arora Khan, Amrita Arora Ladak, Raveena Tandon, Sandeep Soparkar, and others were seen supporting this event. (Marketed on social media as #PWF, #PowerWomenFiesta, #ForMyLadies, etc.) Under this scheme you have to be a woman with either a gold credit card, a driver’s license or in short someone who can spend money and you will be issued a booklet full of offers for free. This has been organized in association with The Country Club, where a grand winner will win a trip to Dubai for 4 or can win other national holidays. Mind it, you need to pay a fee to book holidays even after you win. Your win includes only stay (no food, no transport, etc.) So somebody who can afford to pay for other stuff can only be chosen a winner. So what are these benefits? Free drinks, pizza, donuts, 30 minutes free at psp gaming area, free bowling, movie ticket, free haircut, buy one get one free schemes and discount coupons on minimum purchase by apparel brands. There are a few counters around the mall who are issuing these ‘Power Women Fiesta coupon’ booklets and an identity card after taking down contact details like phone number, email address, etc. and a picture. How often have you said no to the random guy asking for your number in a food-hall for a lucky draw? Maybe every time! But under this scheme we “Power Women” are biting the bait and voluntarily giving out information that we wouldn’t have otherwise, in the hope of some freebies. This is a very clever marketing technique for the participating brands as well as Phoenix Marketcity Kurla mall to pull the crowds on weekdays as well. I have been to the deserted mall on a weekday where the open spaces might as well be converted to badminton courts. The entire booklet seems like a lucrative offer but few coupons are nothing more than a piece of paper. The brands are not ready to entertain what is being committed on those coupons. For example, Funzone PSP Gaming Area would always say, “Sorry we are booked for today, you need to call in advance to get your slot.” It was not me, but every woman who walked in with the coupon. Though, when I pointed out that the seats were empty in the gaming area (can be seen through the glass wall) then they said that those clients are on their way and would reach the venue soon. I went and checked from a distance. No one arrived for the next half an hour. Therefore, I called them back for an appointment the next day and they said all the slots were booked for the week. I went back again to check and they gave me same answer though the seats were empty. So, they have decided to get publicity by putting their name in the booklet but they are not entertaining those coupons. Same goes for Flight Fantasy who are promising to provide 10 Minute experience of flying a fighter jet but in reality aren’t booking any slots and are stating that they are booked for the entire month. Though I couldn’t see many people going into the shop. The Rain Forest promised one free fire shot. But no where did they mention on the coupon ‘after buying a starter’. Yes of course, “Terms & Conditions apply” was mentioned in a small font. That covers everything I believe. Though, I didn’t regret ordering the forced starter which was a tomato based pasta soup with a bread stick. It was tasty. I also went to use my Rs. 1000 off coupon at French Connection. Till 22nd of this month, they were selling old stock on discounted price and the coupon was valid only for the new stock. So that makes the coupon simply a waste. Avirate coupon was a waste too as they were already offering flat 30% discount on their merchandise. And the coupon was valid on full price. So that rendered it useless. Mad Over Donuts was very unhappy that I didn’t give into any of their cross-sales pitch. I didn’t order any other stuff. Just exchanged my coupon with their Classic Double Chocolate Donut. Therefore they decided to boil my donut in a microwave and give it to me in ‘as soggy as it can get state’…ate a few bites and then threw it away. Unbearable! I also ordered for a pan pizza from Pizza Hut. It was a takeaway and the pizza had no cheese or tomato but all bread. Halfway through, it was shown the dustbin. Bombay Blue promised a free pizza too. Unfortunately, they used stale veggies as toppings on their pizza. Free doesn’t mean you feed garbage to your guests, moreover when they are ordering drinks and paying for that. So there are few brands who are participating in Power Women Fiesta only to get some eyeballs. Such a shame! Ok, so what did I really get with these coupons which were really worth my time and efforts? So much for being a ‘Power Woman’! Amoeba the sports bar really made my time worthwhile. They provided a free beer without trying to sell anything else along with it and also made one bowling game available to me without any other commitments. I just spent Rs. 20 to buy socks which is compulsory with bowling shoes. (Provided by them.)  PVR Gold Class ticket was also provided to me without any other commitment. Only catch being it was valid for shows before noon. After a very long time I watched an early morning movie show. The Gold Class has recliner seats and it was a very comfortable experience. I bought some breakfast there.  I also got a free haircut from Enrich Salons and complimentary membership. Though, paid for my hair wash. I would say that I was one of the lucky few. The guy at the counter was pretty upset. He was sending back many coupon holders. He said, “The mall has issued 5000 coupons and we have only 800 slots in the entire month for haircut/pedicure/manicure. How am I supposed to accommodate so many requests?” So basically, many women were not able to get any services but just free membership from Enrich. One lady was so furious that she squealed, “Membership ka kya achar daloon?” I know how it feels when a pedicure is denied to a woman. And that too a power woman. I also got my feet massaged at Suko Thai. I got Rs. 500 discount on the orginal price (Rs. 1650) but those 60 minutes were absolutely distressing and worth the money. I also used buy one get one coupons at Funzone Bumper Car where I got two rides for the price of one (got nostalgic about Appu Ghar and my childhood) and Aromas Café where I got two cappuccinos for the price of one. I also ordered other stuff to eat at the café like cupcakes, tea and sandwiches etc. If you realize, I spent much more than what I would really have. The Power Women Fiesta is a good example of how to market a mall and the brands within; and make good money out of women folk who easily fall for the free schemes. Have you ever heard about Power Man Fiesta? There you go; you never will!  Power Women Fiesta is being celebrated in Phoenix Market City, Kurla during entire September month. Celebs like Mallaika Arora Khan, Amrita Arora Ladak, Raveena Tandon, Sandeep Soparkar, and others were seen supporting this event. (Marketed on social media as #PWF, #PowerWomenFiesta, #ForMyLadies, etc.) Under this scheme you have to be a woman with either a gold credit card, a driver’s license or in short someone who can spend money and you will be issued a booklet full of offers for free. This has been organized in association with The Country Club, where a grand winner will win a trip to Dubai for 4 or can win other national holidays. Mind it, you need to pay a fee to book holidays even after you win. Your win includes only stay (no food, no transport, etc.) So somebody who can afford to pay for other stuff can only be chosen a winner. So what are these benefits? Free drinks, pizza, donuts, 30 minutes free at psp gaming area, free bowling, movie ticket, free haircut, buy one get one free schemes and discount coupons on minimum purchase by apparel brands. There are a few counters around the mall who are issuing these ‘Power Women Fiesta coupon’ booklets and an identity card after taking down contact details like phone number, email address, etc. and a picture. How often have you said no to the random guy asking for your number in a food-hall for a lucky draw? Maybe every time! But under this scheme we “Power Women” are biting the bait and voluntarily giving out information that we wouldn’t have otherwise, in the hope of some freebies. This is a very clever marketing technique for the participating brands as well as Phoenix Marketcity Kurla mall to pull the crowds on weekdays as well. I have been to the deserted mall on a weekday where the open spaces might as well be converted to badminton courts. The entire booklet seems like a lucrative offer but few coupons are nothing more than a piece of paper. The brands are not ready to entertain what is being committed on those coupons. For example, Funzone PSP Gaming Area would always say, “Sorry we are booked for today, you need to call in advance to get your slot.” It was not me, but every woman who walked in with the coupon. Though, when I pointed out that the seats were empty in the gaming area (can be seen through the glass wall) then they said that those clients are on their way and would reach the venue soon. I went and checked from a distance. No one arrived for the next half an hour. Therefore, I called them back for an appointment the next day and they said all the slots were booked for the week. I went back again to check and they gave me same answer though the seats were empty. So, they have decided to get publicity by putting their name in the booklet but they are not entertaining those coupons. Same goes for Flight Fantasy who are promising to provide 10 Minute experience of flying a fighter jet but in reality aren’t booking any slots and are stating that they are booked for the entire month. Though I couldn’t see many people going into the shop. The Rain Forest promised one free fire shot. But no where did they mention on the coupon ‘after buying a starter’. Yes of course, “Terms & Conditions apply” was mentioned in a small font. That covers everything I believe. Though, I didn’t regret ordering the forced starter which was a tomato based pasta soup with a bread stick. It was tasty. I also went to use my Rs. 1000 off coupon at French Connection. Till 22nd of this month, they were selling old stock on discounted price and the coupon was valid only for the new stock. So that makes the coupon simply a waste. Avirate coupon was a waste too as they were already offering flat 30% discount on their merchandise. And the coupon was valid on full price. So that rendered it useless. Mad Over Donuts was very unhappy that I didn’t give into any of their cross-sales pitch. I didn’t order any other stuff. Just exchanged my coupon with their Classic Double Chocolate Donut. Therefore they decided to boil my donut in a microwave and give it to me in ‘as soggy as it can get state’…ate a few bites and then threw it away. Unbearable! I also ordered for a pan pizza from Pizza Hut. It was a takeaway and the pizza had no cheese or tomato but all bread. Halfway through, it was shown the dustbin. Bombay Blue promised a free pizza too. Unfortunately, they used stale veggies as toppings on their pizza. Free doesn’t mean you feed garbage to your guests, moreover when they are ordering drinks and paying for that. So there are few brands who are participating in Power Women Fiesta only to get some eyeballs. Such a shame! Ok, so what did I really get with these coupons which were really worth my time and efforts? So much for being a ‘Power Woman’! Amoeba the sports bar really made my time worthwhile. They provided a free beer without trying to sell anything else along with it and also made one bowling game available to me without any other commitments. I just spent Rs. 20 to buy socks which is compulsory with bowling shoes. (Provided by them.)  PVR Gold Class ticket was also provided to me without any other commitment. Only catch being it was valid for shows before noon. After a very long time I watched an early morning movie show. The Gold Class has recliner seats and it was a very comfortable experience. I bought some breakfast there.  I also got a free haircut from Enrich Salons and complimentary membership. Though, paid for my hair wash. I would say that I was one of the lucky few. The guy at the counter was pretty upset. He was sending back many coupon holders. He said, “The mall has issued 5000 coupons and we have only 800 slots in the entire month for haircut/pedicure/manicure. How am I supposed to accommodate so many requests?” So basically, many women were not able to get any services but just free membership from Enrich. One lady was so furious that she squealed, “Membership ka kya achar daloon?” I know how it feels when a pedicure is denied to a woman. And that too a power woman. I also got my feet massaged at Suko Thai. I got Rs. 500 discount on the orginal price (Rs. 1650) but those 60 minutes were absolutely distressing and worth the money. I also used buy one get one coupons at Funzone Bumper Car where I got two rides for the price of one (got nostalgic about Appu Ghar and my childhood) and Aromas Café where I got two cappuccinos for the price of one. I also ordered other stuff to eat at the café like cupcakes, tea and sandwiches etc. If you realize, I spent much more than what I would really have. The Power Women Fiesta is a good example of how to market a mall and the brands within; and make good money out of women folk who easily fall for the free schemes. Have you ever heard about Power Man Fiesta? There you go; you never will!  Power Women Fiesta is being celebrated in Phoenix Market City, Kurla during entire September month. Celebs like Mallaika Arora Khan, Amrita Arora Ladak, Raveena Tandon, Sandeep Soparkar, and others were seen supporting this event. (Marketed on social media as #PWF, #PowerWomenFiesta, #ForMyLadies, etc.) Under this scheme you have to be a woman with either a gold credit card, a driver’s license or in short someone who can spend money and you will be issued a booklet full of offers for free. This has been organized in association with The Country Club, where a grand winner will win a trip to Dubai for 4 or can win other national holidays. Mind it, you need to pay a fee to book holidays even after you win. Your win includes only stay (no food, no transport, etc.) So somebody who can afford to pay for other stuff can only be chosen a winner. So what are these benefits? Free drinks, pizza, donuts, 30 minutes free at psp gaming area, free bowling, movie ticket, free haircut, buy one get one free schemes and discount coupons on minimum purchase by apparel brands. There are a few counters around the mall who are issuing these ‘Power Women Fiesta coupon’ booklets and an identity card after taking down contact details like phone number, email address, etc. and a picture. How often have you said no to the random guy asking for your number in a food-hall for a lucky draw? Maybe every time! But under this scheme we “Power Women” are biting the bait and voluntarily giving out information that we wouldn’t have otherwise, in the hope of some freebies. This is a very clever marketing technique for the participating brands as well as Phoenix Marketcity Kurla mall to pull the crowds on weekdays as well. I have been to the deserted mall on a weekday where the open spaces might as well be converted to badminton courts. The entire booklet seems like a lucrative offer but few coupons are nothing more than a piece of paper. The brands are not ready to entertain what is being committed on those coupons. For example, Funzone PSP Gaming Area would always say, “Sorry we are booked for today, you need to call in advance to get your slot.” It was not me, but every woman who walked in with the coupon. Though, when I pointed out that the seats were empty in the gaming area (can be seen through the glass wall) then they said that those clients are on their way and would reach the venue soon. I went and checked from a distance. No one arrived for the next half an hour. Therefore, I called them back for an appointment the next day and they said all the slots were booked for the week. I went back again to check and they gave me same answer though the seats were empty. So, they have decided to get publicity by putting their name in the booklet but they are not entertaining those coupons. Same goes for Flight Fantasy who are promising to provide 10 Minute experience of flying a fighter jet but in reality aren’t booking any slots and are stating that they are booked for the entire month. Though I couldn’t see many people going into the shop. The Rain Forest promised one free fire shot. But no where did they mention on the coupon ‘after buying a starter’. Yes of course, “Terms & Conditions apply” was mentioned in a small font. That covers everything I believe. Though, I didn’t regret ordering the forced starter which was a tomato based pasta soup with a bread stick. It was tasty. I also went to use my Rs. 1000 off coupon at French Connection. Till 22nd of this month, they were selling old stock on discounted price and the coupon was valid only for the new stock. So that makes the coupon simply a waste. Avirate coupon was a waste too as they were already offering flat 30% discount on their merchandise. And the coupon was valid on full price. So that rendered it useless. Mad Over Donuts was very unhappy that I didn’t give into any of their cross-sales pitch. I didn’t order any other stuff. Just exchanged my coupon with their Classic Double Chocolate Donut. Therefore they decided to boil my donut in a microwave and give it to me in ‘as soggy as it can get state’…ate a few bites and then threw it away. Unbearable! I also ordered for a pan pizza from Pizza Hut. It was a takeaway and the pizza had no cheese or tomato but all bread. Halfway through, it was shown the dustbin. Bombay Blue promised a free pizza too. Unfortunately, they used stale veggies as toppings on their pizza. Free doesn’t mean you feed garbage to your guests, moreover when they are ordering drinks and paying for that. So there are few brands who are participating in Power Women Fiesta only to get some eyeballs. Such a shame! Ok, so what did I really get with these coupons which were really worth my time and efforts? So much for being a ‘Power Woman’! Amoeba the sports bar really made my time worthwhile. They provided a free beer without trying to sell anything else along with it and also made one bowling game available to me without any other commitments. I just spent Rs. 20 to buy socks which is compulsory with bowling shoes. (Provided by them.)  PVR Gold Class ticket was also provided to me without any other commitment. Only catch being it was valid for shows before noon. After a very long time I watched an early morning movie show. The Gold Class has recliner seats and it was a very comfortable experience. I bought some breakfast there.  I also got a free haircut from Enrich Salons and complimentary membership. Though, paid for my hair wash. I would say that I was one of the lucky few. The guy at the counter was pretty upset. He was sending back many coupon holders. He said, “The mall has issued 5000 coupons and we have only 800 slots in the entire month for haircut/pedicure/manicure. How am I supposed to accommodate so many requests?” So basically, many women were not able to get any services but just free membership from Enrich. One lady was so furious that she squealed, “Membership ka kya achar daloon?” I know how it feels when a pedicure is denied to a woman. And that too a power woman. I also got my feet massaged at Suko Thai. I got Rs. 500 discount on the orginal price (Rs. 1650) but those 60 minutes were absolutely distressing and worth the money. I also used buy one get one coupons at Funzone Bumper Car where I got two rides for the price of one (got nostalgic about Appu Ghar and my childhood) and Aromas Café where I got two cappuccinos for the price of one. I also ordered other stuff to eat at the café like cupcakes, tea and sandwiches etc. If you realize, I spent much more than what I would really have. The Power Women Fiesta is a good example of how to market a mall and the brands within; and make good money out of women folk who easily fall for the free schemes. Have you ever heard about Power Man Fiesta? There you go; you never will! Fashion designer Suneet Varma and Azva collaborate to create some beautiful pieces for their new bridal jewellery collection.  Azva, derived from Sanskrit word Ashva is a gold bridal jewellery brand developed and marketed by World Gold Council. The World Gold Council is the market development organisation for the gold industry. Working within the investment, jewellery and technology sectors, as well as engaging in government affairs, its purpose is to provide industry leadership, whilst stimulating and sustaining demand for gold.  Azva bridal gold jewellery by World Gold Council has collaborated with one of India’s foremost couturiers, Suneet Varma to create exquisite showstopper pieces in 22Kt gold. Suneet, who has always showcased his passion for gold brilliantly in the past through his ethereal bridal designs and styling, has created exclusive showstopper jewellery pieces for Azva. The showstopper jewellery ensemble is inspired by the brands core concept of the seven vows, an integral Indian wedding ritual. Azva unveiled these one of a kind showstopper pieces at the Suneet Varma Show in Delhi on 20th September 2014. As part of the show, Azva’s also presented its bridal collection that was seen complementing Suneet’s creations and the theme of the Art Deco. The jewellery pieces designed by Suneet and uniquely handcrafted by Azva are extremely high couture fashion using traditional forms of workmanship yet providing a style that is relevant to the modern Indian woman and extremely aspirational.  Fashion designer Suneet Varma said, “I am very excited to partner with Azva to create jewellery pieces in gold that have a very contemporary and fashionable appeal. The jewellery pieces that Azva and I have curated together will bring alive exquisite designs and craftsmanship in gold jewellery that will appeal to the fashion conscious women of today. The fact that these designs will be seen complementing the theme of the Art Deco bring alive the uniqueness of gold. I’ve always loved gold and translating my love for gold into jewellery designs that Azva can beautifully create has been a fabulous experience.”  On this collaboration, Vipin Sharma, Director, Jewellery, World Gold Council said, “We are thrilled to work with Suneet Varma for his beautifully inspired show and to create showstopper jewellery for Azva in 22Kt gold. Suneet’s love for gold can be seen in his ethereal designs that make trends in bridal fashion. The jewellery pieces designed by Suneet and uniquely handcrafted by Azva are ‘high couture’ fashion using traditional forms of workmanship from Gujarat yet providing a style that is relevant to the modern Indian bride and with an extremely aspirational appeal.”  What do you think about these excuisite pieces which have an old world charm? Do leave a comment below. Content from Press Release provided by World Gold Council. Fashion designer Suneet Varma and Azva collaborate to create some beautiful pieces for their new bridal jewellery collection.  Azva, derived from Sanskrit word Ashva is a gold bridal jewellery brand developed and marketed by World Gold Council. The World Gold Council is the market development organisation for the gold industry. Working within the investment, jewellery and technology sectors, as well as engaging in government affairs, its purpose is to provide industry leadership, whilst stimulating and sustaining demand for gold.  Azva bridal gold jewellery by World Gold Council has collaborated with one of India’s foremost couturiers, Suneet Varma to create exquisite showstopper pieces in 22Kt gold. Suneet, who has always showcased his passion for gold brilliantly in the past through his ethereal bridal designs and styling, has created exclusive showstopper jewellery pieces for Azva. The showstopper jewellery ensemble is inspired by the brands core concept of the seven vows, an integral Indian wedding ritual. Azva unveiled these one of a kind showstopper pieces at the Suneet Varma Show in Delhi on 20th September 2014. As part of the show, Azva’s also presented its bridal collection that was seen complementing Suneet’s creations and the theme of the Art Deco. The jewellery pieces designed by Suneet and uniquely handcrafted by Azva are extremely high couture fashion using traditional forms of workmanship yet providing a style that is relevant to the modern Indian woman and extremely aspirational.  Fashion designer Suneet Varma said, “I am very excited to partner with Azva to create jewellery pieces in gold that have a very contemporary and fashionable appeal. The jewellery pieces that Azva and I have curated together will bring alive exquisite designs and craftsmanship in gold jewellery that will appeal to the fashion conscious women of today. The fact that these designs will be seen complementing the theme of the Art Deco bring alive the uniqueness of gold. I’ve always loved gold and translating my love for gold into jewellery designs that Azva can beautifully create has been a fabulous experience.”  On this collaboration, Vipin Sharma, Director, Jewellery, World Gold Council said, “We are thrilled to work with Suneet Varma for his beautifully inspired show and to create showstopper jewellery for Azva in 22Kt gold. Suneet’s love for gold can be seen in his ethereal designs that make trends in bridal fashion. The jewellery pieces designed by Suneet and uniquely handcrafted by Azva are ‘high couture’ fashion using traditional forms of workmanship from Gujarat yet providing a style that is relevant to the modern Indian bride and with an extremely aspirational appeal.”  What do you think about these excuisite pieces which have an old world charm? Do leave a comment below. Content from Press Release provided by World Gold Council. Fashion designer Suneet Varma and Azva collaborate to create some beautiful pieces for their new bridal jewellery collection.  Azva, derived from Sanskrit word Ashva is a gold bridal jewellery brand developed and marketed by World Gold Council. The World Gold Council is the market development organisation for the gold industry. Working within the investment, jewellery and technology sectors, as well as engaging in government affairs, its purpose is to provide industry leadership, whilst stimulating and sustaining demand for gold.  Azva bridal gold jewellery by World Gold Council has collaborated with one of India’s foremost couturiers, Suneet Varma to create exquisite showstopper pieces in 22Kt gold. Suneet, who has always showcased his passion for gold brilliantly in the past through his ethereal bridal designs and styling, has created exclusive showstopper jewellery pieces for Azva. The showstopper jewellery ensemble is inspired by the brands core concept of the seven vows, an integral Indian wedding ritual. Azva unveiled these one of a kind showstopper pieces at the Suneet Varma Show in Delhi on 20th September 2014. As part of the show, Azva’s also presented its bridal collection that was seen complementing Suneet’s creations and the theme of the Art Deco. The jewellery pieces designed by Suneet and uniquely handcrafted by Azva are extremely high couture fashion using traditional forms of workmanship yet providing a style that is relevant to the modern Indian woman and extremely aspirational.  Fashion designer Suneet Varma said, “I am very excited to partner with Azva to create jewellery pieces in gold that have a very contemporary and fashionable appeal. The jewellery pieces that Azva and I have curated together will bring alive exquisite designs and craftsmanship in gold jewellery that will appeal to the fashion conscious women of today. The fact that these designs will be seen complementing the theme of the Art Deco bring alive the uniqueness of gold. I’ve always loved gold and translating my love for gold into jewellery designs that Azva can beautifully create has been a fabulous experience.”  On this collaboration, Vipin Sharma, Director, Jewellery, World Gold Council said, “We are thrilled to work with Suneet Varma for his beautifully inspired show and to create showstopper jewellery for Azva in 22Kt gold. Suneet’s love for gold can be seen in his ethereal designs that make trends in bridal fashion. The jewellery pieces designed by Suneet and uniquely handcrafted by Azva are ‘high couture’ fashion using traditional forms of workmanship from Gujarat yet providing a style that is relevant to the modern Indian bride and with an extremely aspirational appeal.”  What do you think about these excuisite pieces which have an old world charm? Do leave a comment below. Content from Press Release provided by World Gold Council. Fashion designer Suneet Varma and Azva collaborate to create some beautiful pieces for their new bridal jewellery collection.  Azva, derived from Sanskrit word Ashva is a gold bridal jewellery brand developed and marketed by World Gold Council. The World Gold Council is the market development organisation for the gold industry. Working within the investment, jewellery and technology sectors, as well as engaging in government affairs, its purpose is to provide industry leadership, whilst stimulating and sustaining demand for gold.  Azva bridal gold jewellery by World Gold Council has collaborated with one of India’s foremost couturiers, Suneet Varma to create exquisite showstopper pieces in 22Kt gold. Suneet, who has always showcased his passion for gold brilliantly in the past through his ethereal bridal designs and styling, has created exclusive showstopper jewellery pieces for Azva. The showstopper jewellery ensemble is inspired by the brands core concept of the seven vows, an integral Indian wedding ritual. Azva unveiled these one of a kind showstopper pieces at the Suneet Varma Show in Delhi on 20th September 2014. As part of the show, Azva’s also presented its bridal collection that was seen complementing Suneet’s creations and the theme of the Art Deco. The jewellery pieces designed by Suneet and uniquely handcrafted by Azva are extremely high couture fashion using traditional forms of workmanship yet providing a style that is relevant to the modern Indian woman and extremely aspirational.  Fashion designer Suneet Varma said, “I am very excited to partner with Azva to create jewellery pieces in gold that have a very contemporary and fashionable appeal. The jewellery pieces that Azva and I have curated together will bring alive exquisite designs and craftsmanship in gold jewellery that will appeal to the fashion conscious women of today. The fact that these designs will be seen complementing the theme of the Art Deco bring alive the uniqueness of gold. I’ve always loved gold and translating my love for gold into jewellery designs that Azva can beautifully create has been a fabulous experience.”  On this collaboration, Vipin Sharma, Director, Jewellery, World Gold Council said, “We are thrilled to work with Suneet Varma for his beautifully inspired show and to create showstopper jewellery for Azva in 22Kt gold. Suneet’s love for gold can be seen in his ethereal designs that make trends in bridal fashion. The jewellery pieces designed by Suneet and uniquely handcrafted by Azva are ‘high couture’ fashion using traditional forms of workmanship from Gujarat yet providing a style that is relevant to the modern Indian bride and with an extremely aspirational appeal.”  What do you think about these excuisite pieces which have an old world charm? Do leave a comment below. Content from Press Release provided by World Gold Council. Mrinalini Chandra and Suhani Pittie showcased some outstanding designs during Lakme Fashion Week Winter Festive 2014. Mumbaigloss is always on the lookout for the next best design in jewellery therefore decided to give you a low down on their creations and the shows. Mrinalini Chandra’s collection called “Shakuntala” was an ode to the mythological character and her life. The splendid handcrafted couture jewellery had interesting forms like flowers, leaves, insects, monkeys and fish that were part of Shankuntala’s life. Using techniques like enamelling, moulding, patterning along with filigree casting, unique statement pieces were created. Expert craftsmen from Orissa created the filigree, while some from Lucknow made the Nakkashi and those in Maharashtra created the enamelling. The grandeur of the designs was evident in huge leaves which circled the neck and wrists, while butterfly motifs were turned into enormous necklaces. Giant gold leaf-like ornaments were actually finger gloves. Patterned belts, star burst earrings, draped necklaces, hundreds of silver discs and pearls that cascaded from neck to hips and the fish link shawl draped over one shoulder was a grand end to the show. Simply breath-taking! Suhani Pittie’s collection “Found and Lost” was again modern jewellery with bold designs. She chose German silver, plated brass and copper, acrylic as well as pearls to create this line. Suhani used Minakari, lace work, folding, pressing, shredding, curling, levelling and extrusion with great skill and brought in Indian Repousse to give glamour to her jewellery. Hairpins were eye-catching, while ear buttons, ear cuffs, palm cuffs, harnesses and earrings added a new dimension to ornaments. The bold giant neckpiece with 3D rose motifs looked excellent. The giant rose linked bracelet and the very graphic earrings were stunners on the ramp. Layers of petals in metal with tiny floral detailing were a part of a magnificent necklace; while sprays of interconnected leaves formed a stunning piece of jewellery. Minakari suspender necklace, vintage harness, belt and palm cuffs looked very modern yet a touch of heritage reflected in them. Pressed metal gloves, ear buttons, folded metal detachable necklace, the metal two-sided neckpiece, shredded and metal cuffs were stunning. These two jewellery designers look like the rising stars in the jewellery industry. Mrinalini Chandra and Suhani Pittie showcased some outstanding designs during Lakme Fashion Week Winter Festive 2014. Mumbaigloss is always on the lookout for the next best design in jewellery therefore decided to give you a low down on their creations and the shows. Mrinalini Chandra’s collection called “Shakuntala” was an ode to the mythological character and her life. The splendid handcrafted couture jewellery had interesting forms like flowers, leaves, insects, monkeys and fish that were part of Shankuntala’s life. Using techniques like enamelling, moulding, patterning along with filigree casting, unique statement pieces were created. Expert craftsmen from Orissa created the filigree, while some from Lucknow made the Nakkashi and those in Maharashtra created the enamelling. The grandeur of the designs was evident in huge leaves which circled the neck and wrists, while butterfly motifs were turned into enormous necklaces. Giant gold leaf-like ornaments were actually finger gloves. Patterned belts, star burst earrings, draped necklaces, hundreds of silver discs and pearls that cascaded from neck to hips and the fish link shawl draped over one shoulder was a grand end to the show. Simply breath-taking! Suhani Pittie’s collection “Found and Lost” was again modern jewellery with bold designs. She chose German silver, plated brass and copper, acrylic as well as pearls to create this line. Suhani used Minakari, lace work, folding, pressing, shredding, curling, levelling and extrusion with great skill and brought in Indian Repousse to give glamour to her jewellery. Hairpins were eye-catching, while ear buttons, ear cuffs, palm cuffs, harnesses and earrings added a new dimension to ornaments. The bold giant neckpiece with 3D rose motifs looked excellent. The giant rose linked bracelet and the very graphic earrings were stunners on the ramp. Layers of petals in metal with tiny floral detailing were a part of a magnificent necklace; while sprays of interconnected leaves formed a stunning piece of jewellery. Minakari suspender necklace, vintage harness, belt and palm cuffs looked very modern yet a touch of heritage reflected in them. Pressed metal gloves, ear buttons, folded metal detachable necklace, the metal two-sided neckpiece, shredded and metal cuffs were stunning. These two jewellery designers look like the rising stars in the jewellery industry. Mrinalini Chandra and Suhani Pittie showcased some outstanding designs during Lakme Fashion Week Winter Festive 2014. Mumbaigloss is always on the lookout for the next best design in jewellery therefore decided to give you a low down on their creations and the shows. Mrinalini Chandra’s collection called “Shakuntala” was an ode to the mythological character and her life. The splendid handcrafted couture jewellery had interesting forms like flowers, leaves, insects, monkeys and fish that were part of Shankuntala’s life. Using techniques like enamelling, moulding, patterning along with filigree casting, unique statement pieces were created. Expert craftsmen from Orissa created the filigree, while some from Lucknow made the Nakkashi and those in Maharashtra created the enamelling. The grandeur of the designs was evident in huge leaves which circled the neck and wrists, while butterfly motifs were turned into enormous necklaces. Giant gold leaf-like ornaments were actually finger gloves. Patterned belts, star burst earrings, draped necklaces, hundreds of silver discs and pearls that cascaded from neck to hips and the fish link shawl draped over one shoulder was a grand end to the show. Simply breath-taking! Suhani Pittie’s collection “Found and Lost” was again modern jewellery with bold designs. She chose German silver, plated brass and copper, acrylic as well as pearls to create this line. Suhani used Minakari, lace work, folding, pressing, shredding, curling, levelling and extrusion with great skill and brought in Indian Repousse to give glamour to her jewellery. Hairpins were eye-catching, while ear buttons, ear cuffs, palm cuffs, harnesses and earrings added a new dimension to ornaments. The bold giant neckpiece with 3D rose motifs looked excellent. The giant rose linked bracelet and the very graphic earrings were stunners on the ramp. Layers of petals in metal with tiny floral detailing were a part of a magnificent necklace; while sprays of interconnected leaves formed a stunning piece of jewellery. Minakari suspender necklace, vintage harness, belt and palm cuffs looked very modern yet a touch of heritage reflected in them. Pressed metal gloves, ear buttons, folded metal detachable necklace, the metal two-sided neckpiece, shredded and metal cuffs were stunning. These two jewellery designers look like the rising stars in the jewellery industry. Mrinalini Chandra and Suhani Pittie showcased some outstanding designs during Lakme Fashion Week Winter Festive 2014. Mumbaigloss is always on the lookout for the next best design in jewellery therefore decided to give you a low down on their creations and the shows. Mrinalini Chandra’s collection called “Shakuntala” was an ode to the mythological character and her life. The splendid handcrafted couture jewellery had interesting forms like flowers, leaves, insects, monkeys and fish that were part of Shankuntala’s life. Using techniques like enamelling, moulding, patterning along with filigree casting, unique statement pieces were created. Expert craftsmen from Orissa created the filigree, while some from Lucknow made the Nakkashi and those in Maharashtra created the enamelling. The grandeur of the designs was evident in huge leaves which circled the neck and wrists, while butterfly motifs were turned into enormous necklaces. Giant gold leaf-like ornaments were actually finger gloves. Patterned belts, star burst earrings, draped necklaces, hundreds of silver discs and pearls that cascaded from neck to hips and the fish link shawl draped over one shoulder was a grand end to the show. Simply breath-taking! Suhani Pittie’s collection “Found and Lost” was again modern jewellery with bold designs. She chose German silver, plated brass and copper, acrylic as well as pearls to create this line. Suhani used Minakari, lace work, folding, pressing, shredding, curling, levelling and extrusion with great skill and brought in Indian Repousse to give glamour to her jewellery. Hairpins were eye-catching, while ear buttons, ear cuffs, palm cuffs, harnesses and earrings added a new dimension to ornaments. The bold giant neckpiece with 3D rose motifs looked excellent. The giant rose linked bracelet and the very graphic earrings were stunners on the ramp. Layers of petals in metal with tiny floral detailing were a part of a magnificent necklace; while sprays of interconnected leaves formed a stunning piece of jewellery. Minakari suspender necklace, vintage harness, belt and palm cuffs looked very modern yet a touch of heritage reflected in them. Pressed metal gloves, ear buttons, folded metal detachable necklace, the metal two-sided neckpiece, shredded and metal cuffs were stunning. These two jewellery designers look like the rising stars in the jewellery industry. Design One is an exhibition initiative of Sahachari Foundation Events that encourages talent and raises funds to support various NGOs, and in the process giving back to society. Sahachari Foundation supports deserving NGOs in the areas of education, healthcare, social-economic upliftment and promotion of the Arts, by raising funds through a calendar of events throughout the year. The fashion industry also provides employment to weavers, block printers, embroiderers, etc., helping to sustain their livelihood as well their craft and skills. Design One is the Foundation’s flagship event. Last year the exhibition had approx 15000 footfalls and this year owing to the size of the exhibition there could be much more. Around 180 exhibitors will participate.  The exhibition caters to everyone’s needs; be it house-wives, business women, working professionals, brides looking for the convenience of trousseau shopping, regular party-goers and those who want to stock up on give-aways and gifts, it has something for every person. There are statement pieces in contemporary jewellery, belts, shoes, scarves and stoles, not unveiled on the catwalk. This time, the exhibition will showcase the stylish creations of Atsu, Amrich, Anushka Khanna, Maya Parikh, Nipa Badiani. Priya Parikh, Ruh, Vivek Karunakaran, Vizyon, Maneesha Ruia, Vrisa and Translate, etc. Also available is a collection of couture accessories: handbags and clutches for casual and evening wear, ranging from the bohemian to the classy, and footwear for every occasion.  You will also find hand-crafted jewellery studded with diamonds, precious and semi-precious stones from Rei Jewels, Begani Jewels and Falguni Mehta. Also discover contemporary collections of Nandita Jhaveri, Suhani Pittie and Rima Jain.  Design One exhibition is taking place in the city on 3 and 4 September at Indoor Stadium, NSCI, Worli.   Sahchaari Foundation was started by Gauri Pohoomul five and a half years back. There are around 17 members who plan, organise and execute the exhibitions around different cities. Launched in September 2009, Design One exhibitions are now arranged two or three times in a year, in different cities within India and overseas. Don’t miss this shopping bonanza. You might find some serious treasures at pocket friendly prices at Design One.   Design One is an exhibition initiative of Sahachari Foundation Events that encourages talent and raises funds to support various NGOs, and in the process giving back to society. Sahachari Foundation supports deserving NGOs in the areas of education, healthcare, social-economic upliftment and promotion of the Arts, by raising funds through a calendar of events throughout the year. The fashion industry also provides employment to weavers, block printers, embroiderers, etc., helping to sustain their livelihood as well their craft and skills. Design One is the Foundation’s flagship event. Last year the exhibition had approx 15000 footfalls and this year owing to the size of the exhibition there could be much more. Around 180 exhibitors will participate.  The exhibition caters to everyone’s needs; be it house-wives, business women, working professionals, brides looking for the convenience of trousseau shopping, regular party-goers and those who want to stock up on give-aways and gifts, it has something for every person. There are statement pieces in contemporary jewellery, belts, shoes, scarves and stoles, not unveiled on the catwalk. This time, the exhibition will showcase the stylish creations of Atsu, Amrich, Anushka Khanna, Maya Parikh, Nipa Badiani. Priya Parikh, Ruh, Vivek Karunakaran, Vizyon, Maneesha Ruia, Vrisa and Translate, etc. Also available is a collection of couture accessories: handbags and clutches for casual and evening wear, ranging from the bohemian to the classy, and footwear for every occasion.  You will also find hand-crafted jewellery studded with diamonds, precious and semi-precious stones from Rei Jewels, Begani Jewels and Falguni Mehta. Also discover contemporary collections of Nandita Jhaveri, Suhani Pittie and Rima Jain.  Design One exhibition is taking place in the city on 3 and 4 September at Indoor Stadium, NSCI, Worli.   Sahchaari Foundation was started by Gauri Pohoomul five and a half years back. There are around 17 members who plan, organise and execute the exhibitions around different cities. Launched in September 2009, Design One exhibitions are now arranged two or three times in a year, in different cities within India and overseas. Don’t miss this shopping bonanza. You might find some serious treasures at pocket friendly prices at Design One.   Design One is an exhibition initiative of Sahachari Foundation Events that encourages talent and raises funds to support various NGOs, and in the process giving back to society. Sahachari Foundation supports deserving NGOs in the areas of education, healthcare, social-economic upliftment and promotion of the Arts, by raising funds through a calendar of events throughout the year. The fashion industry also provides employment to weavers, block printers, embroiderers, etc., helping to sustain their livelihood as well their craft and skills. Design One is the Foundation’s flagship event. Last year the exhibition had approx 15000 footfalls and this year owing to the size of the exhibition there could be much more. Around 180 exhibitors will participate.  The exhibition caters to everyone’s needs; be it house-wives, business women, working professionals, brides looking for the convenience of trousseau shopping, regular party-goers and those who want to stock up on give-aways and gifts, it has something for every person. There are statement pieces in contemporary jewellery, belts, shoes, scarves and stoles, not unveiled on the catwalk. This time, the exhibition will showcase the stylish creations of Atsu, Amrich, Anushka Khanna, Maya Parikh, Nipa Badiani. Priya Parikh, Ruh, Vivek Karunakaran, Vizyon, Maneesha Ruia, Vrisa and Translate, etc. Also available is a collection of couture accessories: handbags and clutches for casual and evening wear, ranging from the bohemian to the classy, and footwear for every occasion.  You will also find hand-crafted jewellery studded with diamonds, precious and semi-precious stones from Rei Jewels, Begani Jewels and Falguni Mehta. Also discover contemporary collections of Nandita Jhaveri, Suhani Pittie and Rima Jain.  Design One exhibition is taking place in the city on 3 and 4 September at Indoor Stadium, NSCI, Worli.   Sahchaari Foundation was started by Gauri Pohoomul five and a half years back. There are around 17 members who plan, organise and execute the exhibitions around different cities. Launched in September 2009, Design One exhibitions are now arranged two or three times in a year, in different cities within India and overseas. Don’t miss this shopping bonanza. You might find some serious treasures at pocket friendly prices at Design One.   Design One is an exhibition initiative of Sahachari Foundation Events that encourages talent and raises funds to support various NGOs, and in the process giving back to society. Sahachari Foundation supports deserving NGOs in the areas of education, healthcare, social-economic upliftment and promotion of the Arts, by raising funds through a calendar of events throughout the year. The fashion industry also provides employment to weavers, block printers, embroiderers, etc., helping to sustain their livelihood as well their craft and skills. Design One is the Foundation’s flagship event. Last year the exhibition had approx 15000 footfalls and this year owing to the size of the exhibition there could be much more. Around 180 exhibitors will participate.  The exhibition caters to everyone’s needs; be it house-wives, business women, working professionals, brides looking for the convenience of trousseau shopping, regular party-goers and those who want to stock up on give-aways and gifts, it has something for every person. There are statement pieces in contemporary jewellery, belts, shoes, scarves and stoles, not unveiled on the catwalk. This time, the exhibition will showcase the stylish creations of Atsu, Amrich, Anushka Khanna, Maya Parikh, Nipa Badiani. Priya Parikh, Ruh, Vivek Karunakaran, Vizyon, Maneesha Ruia, Vrisa and Translate, etc. Also available is a collection of couture accessories: handbags and clutches for casual and evening wear, ranging from the bohemian to the classy, and footwear for every occasion.  You will also find hand-crafted jewellery studded with diamonds, precious and semi-precious stones from Rei Jewels, Begani Jewels and Falguni Mehta. Also discover contemporary collections of Nandita Jhaveri, Suhani Pittie and Rima Jain.  Design One exhibition is taking place in the city on 3 and 4 September at Indoor Stadium, NSCI, Worli.   Sahchaari Foundation was started by Gauri Pohoomul five and a half years back. There are around 17 members who plan, organise and execute the exhibitions around different cities. Launched in September 2009, Design One exhibitions are now arranged two or three times in a year, in different cities within India and overseas. Don’t miss this shopping bonanza. You might find some serious treasures at pocket friendly prices at Design One.   Mumbaigloss saw a few innovative designs and unique twists to the already popular fashion. What could be better than wearable runway fashion. After scrutinising a few designers who showcased during Lakme Fashion Week Winter/Festive 2014, we decided to list 5 most improvised designs during this season. Here is the list: 1. Masaba Gupta  Shilpa Shetty’s gown saree made everyone sit up and take notice on the opening day of Lakme Fashion Week Winter Festive 2014. The cutout at the waist was perfectly complimenting the svelte actress. It is modern yet elegant and is different than the highly embellished versions which have been seen in the past. This can be the next fashion fix for everyday woman who wants to attend parties looking every inch a traditional beauty without carrying the weight of conventional lehnga-saree. It is one of those designs that I can buy off-the-shelf and wear it to the next sangeet. 2. Sonam and Paras Modi & Anushree Reddy  Sheer Anarkali with trousers were seen doing the rounds on the runway. Be it Sonam and Paras Modi design with their showstopper Gauhar Khan, showcasing a sheer skirt like fabric attached to the cropped blouse hem. Or Anushree Reddy’s version of sheer Anarkali with flying bird print captured the free spirited modern Indian woman. The ensemble looks very neat and elegant. It could be the next go-to dress in the fashion circle.  3. Poco & Jacky  Uncomfortable wearing a crop top and showing off your not so perfect midriff? Don’t worry, Poco & Jacky have added a sheer cloth around the hem to make the crop top much more wearable. 4. Payal Singhal  Payal Singhal’s traditional wear was a cross between a lehenga and a kurta-churidaar. A fitted blouse with churidaar; a sheer high-low hem skirt covering the churidaar teamed with a dupatta was unique. It is not as complicated as it sounds and looked great on showstopper Vani Kapoor.  It should appeal to the younger women for sure, especially during traditional ceremonies.  5. Urvashi Joneja  JLo recently wore a white Versace dress which was a cross between a gown and trousers.  It left many clueless as to what they will call it. Though, JLo looked absolutely gorgeous in that dress. Urvashi Joneja invented a rather less complicated version of it. Her dress is a cross between a jumpsuit and a gown and looks effortlessly chic. This is again something which can be bought off-the-shelf and used for the next soiree. What do you think? Which style would you like to wear? Leave a comment below. Mumbaigloss saw a few innovative designs and unique twists to the already popular fashion. What could be better than wearable runway fashion. After scrutinising a few designers who showcased during Lakme Fashion Week Winter/Festive 2014, we decided to list 5 most improvised designs during this season. Here is the list: 1. Masaba Gupta  Shilpa Shetty’s gown saree made everyone sit up and take notice on the opening day of Lakme Fashion Week Winter Festive 2014. The cutout at the waist was perfectly complimenting the svelte actress. It is modern yet elegant and is different than the highly embellished versions which have been seen in the past. This can be the next fashion fix for everyday woman who wants to attend parties looking every inch a traditional beauty without carrying the weight of conventional lehnga-saree. It is one of those designs that I can buy off-the-shelf and wear it to the next sangeet. 2. Sonam and Paras Modi & Anushree Reddy  Sheer Anarkali with trousers were seen doing the rounds on the runway. Be it Sonam and Paras Modi design with their showstopper Gauhar Khan, showcasing a sheer skirt like fabric attached to the cropped blouse hem. Or Anushree Reddy’s version of sheer Anarkali with flying bird print captured the free spirited modern Indian woman. The ensemble looks very neat and elegant. It could be the next go-to dress in the fashion circle.  3. Poco & Jacky  Uncomfortable wearing a crop top and showing off your not so perfect midriff? Don’t worry, Poco & Jacky have added a sheer cloth around the hem to make the crop top much more wearable. 4. Payal Singhal  Payal Singhal’s traditional wear was a cross between a lehenga and a kurta-churidaar. A fitted blouse with churidaar; a sheer high-low hem skirt covering the churidaar teamed with a dupatta was unique. It is not as complicated as it sounds and looked great on showstopper Vani Kapoor.  It should appeal to the younger women for sure, especially during traditional ceremonies.  5. Urvashi Joneja  JLo recently wore a white Versace dress which was a cross between a gown and trousers.  It left many clueless as to what they will call it. Though, JLo looked absolutely gorgeous in that dress. Urvashi Joneja invented a rather less complicated version of it. Her dress is a cross between a jumpsuit and a gown and looks effortlessly chic. This is again something which can be bought off-the-shelf and used for the next soiree. What do you think? Which style would you like to wear? Leave a comment below. Mumbaigloss saw a few innovative designs and unique twists to the already popular fashion. What could be better than wearable runway fashion. After scrutinising a few designers who showcased during Lakme Fashion Week Winter/Festive 2014, we decided to list 5 most improvised designs during this season. Here is the list: 1. Masaba Gupta  Shilpa Shetty’s gown saree made everyone sit up and take notice on the opening day of Lakme Fashion Week Winter Festive 2014. The cutout at the waist was perfectly complimenting the svelte actress. It is modern yet elegant and is different than the highly embellished versions which have been seen in the past. This can be the next fashion fix for everyday woman who wants to attend parties looking every inch a traditional beauty without carrying the weight of conventional lehnga-saree. It is one of those designs that I can buy off-the-shelf and wear it to the next sangeet. 2. Sonam and Paras Modi & Anushree Reddy  Sheer Anarkali with trousers were seen doing the rounds on the runway. Be it Sonam and Paras Modi design with their showstopper Gauhar Khan, showcasing a sheer skirt like fabric attached to the cropped blouse hem. Or Anushree Reddy’s version of sheer Anarkali with flying bird print captured the free spirited modern Indian woman. The ensemble looks very neat and elegant. It could be the next go-to dress in the fashion circle.  3. Poco & Jacky  Uncomfortable wearing a crop top and showing off your not so perfect midriff? Don’t worry, Poco & Jacky have added a sheer cloth around the hem to make the crop top much more wearable. 4. Payal Singhal  Payal Singhal’s traditional wear was a cross between a lehenga and a kurta-churidaar. A fitted blouse with churidaar; a sheer high-low hem skirt covering the churidaar teamed with a dupatta was unique. It is not as complicated as it sounds and looked great on showstopper Vani Kapoor.  It should appeal to the younger women for sure, especially during traditional ceremonies.  5. Urvashi Joneja  JLo recently wore a white Versace dress which was a cross between a gown and trousers.  It left many clueless as to what they will call it. Though, JLo looked absolutely gorgeous in that dress. Urvashi Joneja invented a rather less complicated version of it. Her dress is a cross between a jumpsuit and a gown and looks effortlessly chic. This is again something which can be bought off-the-shelf and used for the next soiree. What do you think? Which style would you like to wear? Leave a comment below. Mumbaigloss saw a few innovative designs and unique twists to the already popular fashion. What could be better than wearable runway fashion. After scrutinising a few designers who showcased during Lakme Fashion Week Winter/Festive 2014, we decided to list 5 most improvised designs during this season. Here is the list: 1. Masaba Gupta  Shilpa Shetty’s gown saree made everyone sit up and take notice on the opening day of Lakme Fashion Week Winter Festive 2014. The cutout at the waist was perfectly complimenting the svelte actress. It is modern yet elegant and is different than the highly embellished versions which have been seen in the past. This can be the next fashion fix for everyday woman who wants to attend parties looking every inch a traditional beauty without carrying the weight of conventional lehnga-saree. It is one of those designs that I can buy off-the-shelf and wear it to the next sangeet. 2. Sonam and Paras Modi & Anushree Reddy  Sheer Anarkali with trousers were seen doing the rounds on the runway. Be it Sonam and Paras Modi design with their showstopper Gauhar Khan, showcasing a sheer skirt like fabric attached to the cropped blouse hem. Or Anushree Reddy’s version of sheer Anarkali with flying bird print captured the free spirited modern Indian woman. The ensemble looks very neat and elegant. It could be the next go-to dress in the fashion circle.  3. Poco & Jacky  Uncomfortable wearing a crop top and showing off your not so perfect midriff? Don’t worry, Poco & Jacky have added a sheer cloth around the hem to make the crop top much more wearable. 4. Payal Singhal  Payal Singhal’s traditional wear was a cross between a lehenga and a kurta-churidaar. A fitted blouse with churidaar; a sheer high-low hem skirt covering the churidaar teamed with a dupatta was unique. It is not as complicated as it sounds and looked great on showstopper Vani Kapoor.  It should appeal to the younger women for sure, especially during traditional ceremonies.  5. Urvashi Joneja  JLo recently wore a white Versace dress which was a cross between a gown and trousers.  It left many clueless as to what they will call it. Though, JLo looked absolutely gorgeous in that dress. Urvashi Joneja invented a rather less complicated version of it. Her dress is a cross between a jumpsuit and a gown and looks effortlessly chic. This is again something which can be bought off-the-shelf and used for the next soiree. What do you think? Which style would you like to wear? Leave a comment below. Makeup check! Hair check! Shoes check! Dress, oh the itsy-bitsy on my body? Yes, its designer. Am I missing something else? Of course, the bling, the bag and the wayfarers. I am fully loaded with accessories. But will that be enough to attract the fashion paparazzi who feature you in the most stylish list? I asked. So I dab on some more gloss and say ‘move it you pretty thing’. I reached the venue before time. The hotel was tall and slim like a supermodel. The crowd to see the fashion show choked the entry and exit points. Ouch! Don’t step on my shoes. They are designer. I thought. Worst, I might lose balance and fall from my 6 inch tall tower. Finally, the elevator stopped. People inside hopped out as if they were in some closed inferno. They pushed everyone on their way out. People who intended to go to the higher floors pushed inside like a swarm of honey bees.  Stuffed in the elevator we all proceeded to the 9th floor. I came out of the packed elevator and rushed to the nearest ‘Toilet’. No, it was not anything else but the panic – that the momentary journey in the elevator might have caused a catastrophic effect on my hours of makeup. But there was no respite; the toilet was full of fashionistas, guests and models. Models, who were breathing heavy and looking lost before the start of the show. They didn’t care how many were sharing the space with them at that moment. Because, they were in their moment and they wanted to devour it alone.  The fashionistas – most of them were guests trying to look their best, swarmed the area. A girl had put a big flower on her head; the plastic flower that you usually see on a six year old. It was her style statement. Another one wore black goggles inside the toilet room. I am sure the harsh lights in the 5 star toilet were hurting her eyes. And finally, I saw a young girl flashing her bra through a net fabric attached to her flappy crop top. She declared, “I am sure the photographers will take notice and put me on the wall of the most stylish people attending this fashion week”. Her friend joked, “May be if you take off that bra, they might still consider.” The first one fumed. She hissed in anger, “You don’t even try. You have anyway crossed 30, you aunty!” “What do you mean?” her friend roared. “Don’t you know, only oldies like Bandana T and Nandini B are included on that wall. Rest are only young chicks.” Ha ha ha….and the group burst into laughter. Everyone was busy taking an outfit “Picoftheday” on the toilet wall mirror. Few were busy tweeting and checking-in on FB showing off to the world that they were indeed attending Lakme Fashion Week. (Tip: If you want to witness the real action in a fashion show, then do visit the hotel loo.)  I checked my makeup which was little smudged due to all the pushing around but I thought still, ‘better off than nothing’. And I moved on. May be it’s the struggle in the elevator or the humidity in the air, I felt extremely thirsty as I saw Himalayan counter serving free mocktails with their soda water. I gulped down a few before moving towards the show area. I saw two small time celeb wives carefully entering the lobby area. They didn’t see me in the eye but were carefully scrutinizing the vicinity for any paparrazi. No body hounded them, walked up to them or asked them for a photo or autograph. I saw immense sadness in their eyes.  I met a few fellow bloggers. They all looked so different than their highly photoshopped images on their social media sites. A few recognised me too but looked away. May be I looked different than my pictures too. One of them smiled and I went to meet her. I extended my hand to greet her without realising that a man was trying to greet that blogger at the same time. A tiny man who wore his coif in fringe. A little effeminate, he felt offended as my hand reached the other blogger first. I wish to send my apologies to him. If he considers me a lady (among the two of us) then he should allow a lady to be first, in any such social courtesies. I left the scene immediately, lest if he started with a catfight? On my way, I saw Social Media wall where live tweets were being displayed, I saw a runway simulator. Yes, the fashion runway simulator which was equipped with flashes like the ones you get when hounded by paparazzi. It was not recommended for people who experience seizures.   I saw a huge line and thought that the entry to the main show area had started. But it led me to the Lakme Absolute counter which was providing free manicures to the guests. People were busy taking “Nailfie”. Unfortunately, the 3G network was not available in the hallway, so a few fashionistas were seen moving around trying to catch the network with phones sticking out in their hands. I felt very sorry for them as they were being deprived of their right to update the world about their “Nailfie” in real-time.   The “Wall of the most stylish people” attending the show was just next to the Lakme counter. People were busy casting their vote to the displayed style divas and divos. (What do you call a male diva? Is there a word for that?) They were busy putting stickers on their favourite stylish girl or guy. So, I moved to see the action there. A young woman took an entire leaf of the stickers and started categorically putting them on the faces of the stylish divas and on the crotches of the stylish divos. And, that’s when I realized that people don’t always show love on that wall with the stickers. At times it is contempt too!   The girl with the flappy crop top was walking up and down the area where the photographers were sitting. She smiled and winked and pouted but the photographers were least bothered. Finally she flashed her twins to the paparazzi and they turned their face away. Oh what a blow to her self-esteem! I hope she is not haunted by this for the rest of her life. No, paparazzi didn’t come to me either; they were busy with the real celebs in the media area. Finally, I went inside the main show area and settled down in my allotted seat. The lights dimmed, music started and the show began to roll. The show was great but pre-show action was even better.     Do share your experience at Lakme fashion week. It will be fun. Makeup check! Hair check! Shoes check! Dress, oh the itsy-bitsy on my body? Yes, its designer. Am I missing something else? Of course, the bling, the bag and the wayfarers. I am fully loaded with accessories. But will that be enough to attract the fashion paparazzi who feature you in the most stylish list? I asked. So I dab on some more gloss and say ‘move it you pretty thing’. I reached the venue before time. The hotel was tall and slim like a supermodel. The crowd to see the fashion show choked the entry and exit points. Ouch! Don’t step on my shoes. They are designer. I thought. Worst, I might lose balance and fall from my 6 inch tall tower. Finally, the elevator stopped. People inside hopped out as if they were in some closed inferno. They pushed everyone on their way out. People who intended to go to the higher floors pushed inside like a swarm of honey bees.  Stuffed in the elevator we all proceeded to the 9th floor. I came out of the packed elevator and rushed to the nearest ‘Toilet’. No, it was not anything else but the panic – that the momentary journey in the elevator might have caused a catastrophic effect on my hours of makeup. But there was no respite; the toilet was full of fashionistas, guests and models. Models, who were breathing heavy and looking lost before the start of the show. They didn’t care how many were sharing the space with them at that moment. Because, they were in their moment and they wanted to devour it alone.  The fashionistas – most of them were guests trying to look their best, swarmed the area. A girl had put a big flower on her head; the plastic flower that you usually see on a six year old. It was her style statement. Another one wore black goggles inside the toilet room. I am sure the harsh lights in the 5 star toilet were hurting her eyes. And finally, I saw a young girl flashing her bra through a net fabric attached to her flappy crop top. She declared, “I am sure the photographers will take notice and put me on the wall of the most stylish people attending this fashion week”. Her friend joked, “May be if you take off that bra, they might still consider.” The first one fumed. She hissed in anger, “You don’t even try. You have anyway crossed 30, you aunty!” “What do you mean?” her friend roared. “Don’t you know, only oldies like Bandana T and Nandini B are included on that wall. Rest are only young chicks.” Ha ha ha….and the group burst into laughter. Everyone was busy taking an outfit “Picoftheday” on the toilet wall mirror. Few were busy tweeting and checking-in on FB showing off to the world that they were indeed attending Lakme Fashion Week. (Tip: If you want to witness the real action in a fashion show, then do visit the hotel loo.)  I checked my makeup which was little smudged due to all the pushing around but I thought still, ‘better off than nothing’. And I moved on. May be it’s the struggle in the elevator or the humidity in the air, I felt extremely thirsty as I saw Himalayan counter serving free mocktails with their soda water. I gulped down a few before moving towards the show area. I saw two small time celeb wives carefully entering the lobby area. They didn’t see me in the eye but were carefully scrutinizing the vicinity for any paparrazi. No body hounded them, walked up to them or asked them for a photo or autograph. I saw immense sadness in their eyes.  I met a few fellow bloggers. They all looked so different than their highly photoshopped images on their social media sites. A few recognised me too but looked away. May be I looked different than my pictures too. One of them smiled and I went to meet her. I extended my hand to greet her without realising that a man was trying to greet that blogger at the same time. A tiny man who wore his coif in fringe. A little effeminate, he felt offended as my hand reached the other blogger first. I wish to send my apologies to him. If he considers me a lady (among the two of us) then he should allow a lady to be first, in any such social courtesies. I left the scene immediately, lest if he started with a catfight? On my way, I saw Social Media wall where live tweets were being displayed, I saw a runway simulator. Yes, the fashion runway simulator which was equipped with flashes like the ones you get when hounded by paparazzi. It was not recommended for people who experience seizures.   I saw a huge line and thought that the entry to the main show area had started. But it led me to the Lakme Absolute counter which was providing free manicures to the guests. People were busy taking “Nailfie”. Unfortunately, the 3G network was not available in the hallway, so a few fashionistas were seen moving around trying to catch the network with phones sticking out in their hands. I felt very sorry for them as they were being deprived of their right to update the world about their “Nailfie” in real-time.   The “Wall of the most stylish people” attending the show was just next to the Lakme counter. People were busy casting their vote to the displayed style divas and divos. (What do you call a male diva? Is there a word for that?) They were busy putting stickers on their favourite stylish girl or guy. So, I moved to see the action there. A young woman took an entire leaf of the stickers and started categorically putting them on the faces of the stylish divas and on the crotches of the stylish divos. And, that’s when I realized that people don’t always show love on that wall with the stickers. At times it is contempt too!   The girl with the flappy crop top was walking up and down the area where the photographers were sitting. She smiled and winked and pouted but the photographers were least bothered. Finally she flashed her twins to the paparazzi and they turned their face away. Oh what a blow to her self-esteem! I hope she is not haunted by this for the rest of her life. No, paparazzi didn’t come to me either; they were busy with the real celebs in the media area. Finally, I went inside the main show area and settled down in my allotted seat. The lights dimmed, music started and the show began to roll. The show was great but pre-show action was even better.     Do share your experience at Lakme fashion week. It will be fun. Makeup check! Hair check! Shoes check! Dress, oh the itsy-bitsy on my body? Yes, its designer. Am I missing something else? Of course, the bling, the bag and the wayfarers. I am fully loaded with accessories. But will that be enough to attract the fashion paparazzi who feature you in the most stylish list? I asked. So I dab on some more gloss and say ‘move it you pretty thing’. I reached the venue before time. The hotel was tall and slim like a supermodel. The crowd to see the fashion show choked the entry and exit points. Ouch! Don’t step on my shoes. They are designer. I thought. Worst, I might lose balance and fall from my 6 inch tall tower. Finally, the elevator stopped. People inside hopped out as if they were in some closed inferno. They pushed everyone on their way out. People who intended to go to the higher floors pushed inside like a swarm of honey bees.  Stuffed in the elevator we all proceeded to the 9th floor. I came out of the packed elevator and rushed to the nearest ‘Toilet’. No, it was not anything else but the panic – that the momentary journey in the elevator might have caused a catastrophic effect on my hours of makeup. But there was no respite; the toilet was full of fashionistas, guests and models. Models, who were breathing heavy and looking lost before the start of the show. They didn’t care how many were sharing the space with them at that moment. Because, they were in their moment and they wanted to devour it alone.  The fashionistas – most of them were guests trying to look their best, swarmed the area. A girl had put a big flower on her head; the plastic flower that you usually see on a six year old. It was her style statement. Another one wore black goggles inside the toilet room. I am sure the harsh lights in the 5 star toilet were hurting her eyes. And finally, I saw a young girl flashing her bra through a net fabric attached to her flappy crop top. She declared, “I am sure the photographers will take notice and put me on the wall of the most stylish people attending this fashion week”. Her friend joked, “May be if you take off that bra, they might still consider.” The first one fumed. She hissed in anger, “You don’t even try. You have anyway crossed 30, you aunty!” “What do you mean?” her friend roared. “Don’t you know, only oldies like Bandana T and Nandini B are included on that wall. Rest are only young chicks.” Ha ha ha….and the group burst into laughter. Everyone was busy taking an outfit “Picoftheday” on the toilet wall mirror. Few were busy tweeting and checking-in on FB showing off to the world that they were indeed attending Lakme Fashion Week. (Tip: If you want to witness the real action in a fashion show, then do visit the hotel loo.)  I checked my makeup which was little smudged due to all the pushing around but I thought still, ‘better off than nothing’. And I moved on. May be it’s the struggle in the elevator or the humidity in the air, I felt extremely thirsty as I saw Himalayan counter serving free mocktails with their soda water. I gulped down a few before moving towards the show area. I saw two small time celeb wives carefully entering the lobby area. They didn’t see me in the eye but were carefully scrutinizing the vicinity for any paparrazi. No body hounded them, walked up to them or asked them for a photo or autograph. I saw immense sadness in their eyes.  I met a few fellow bloggers. They all looked so different than their highly photoshopped images on their social media sites. A few recognised me too but looked away. May be I looked different than my pictures too. One of them smiled and I went to meet her. I extended my hand to greet her without realising that a man was trying to greet that blogger at the same time. A tiny man who wore his coif in fringe. A little effeminate, he felt offended as my hand reached the other blogger first. I wish to send my apologies to him. If he considers me a lady (among the two of us) then he should allow a lady to be first, in any such social courtesies. I left the scene immediately, lest if he started with a catfight? On my way, I saw Social Media wall where live tweets were being displayed, I saw a runway simulator. Yes, the fashion runway simulator which was equipped with flashes like the ones you get when hounded by paparazzi. It was not recommended for people who experience seizures.   I saw a huge line and thought that the entry to the main show area had started. But it led me to the Lakme Absolute counter which was providing free manicures to the guests. People were busy taking “Nailfie”. Unfortunately, the 3G network was not available in the hallway, so a few fashionistas were seen moving around trying to catch the network with phones sticking out in their hands. I felt very sorry for them as they were being deprived of their right to update the world about their “Nailfie” in real-time.   The “Wall of the most stylish people” attending the show was just next to the Lakme counter. People were busy casting their vote to the displayed style divas and divos. (What do you call a male diva? Is there a word for that?) They were busy putting stickers on their favourite stylish girl or guy. So, I moved to see the action there. A young woman took an entire leaf of the stickers and started categorically putting them on the faces of the stylish divas and on the crotches of the stylish divos. And, that’s when I realized that people don’t always show love on that wall with the stickers. At times it is contempt too!   The girl with the flappy crop top was walking up and down the area where the photographers were sitting. She smiled and winked and pouted but the photographers were least bothered. Finally she flashed her twins to the paparazzi and they turned their face away. Oh what a blow to her self-esteem! I hope she is not haunted by this for the rest of her life. No, paparazzi didn’t come to me either; they were busy with the real celebs in the media area. Finally, I went inside the main show area and settled down in my allotted seat. The lights dimmed, music started and the show began to roll. The show was great but pre-show action was even better.     Do share your experience at Lakme fashion week. It will be fun. Makeup check! Hair check! Shoes check! Dress, oh the itsy-bitsy on my body? Yes, its designer. Am I missing something else? Of course, the bling, the bag and the wayfarers. I am fully loaded with accessories. But will that be enough to attract the fashion paparazzi who feature you in the most stylish list? I asked. So I dab on some more gloss and say ‘move it you pretty thing’. I reached the venue before time. The hotel was tall and slim like a supermodel. The crowd to see the fashion show choked the entry and exit points. Ouch! Don’t step on my shoes. They are designer. I thought. Worst, I might lose balance and fall from my 6 inch tall tower. Finally, the elevator stopped. People inside hopped out as if they were in some closed inferno. They pushed everyone on their way out. People who intended to go to the higher floors pushed inside like a swarm of honey bees.  Stuffed in the elevator we all proceeded to the 9th floor. I came out of the packed elevator and rushed to the nearest ‘Toilet’. No, it was not anything else but the panic – that the momentary journey in the elevator might have caused a catastrophic effect on my hours of makeup. But there was no respite; the toilet was full of fashionistas, guests and models. Models, who were breathing heavy and looking lost before the start of the show. They didn’t care how many were sharing the space with them at that moment. Because, they were in their moment and they wanted to devour it alone.  The fashionistas – most of them were guests trying to look their best, swarmed the area. A girl had put a big flower on her head; the plastic flower that you usually see on a six year old. It was her style statement. Another one wore black goggles inside the toilet room. I am sure the harsh lights in the 5 star toilet were hurting her eyes. And finally, I saw a young girl flashing her bra through a net fabric attached to her flappy crop top. She declared, “I am sure the photographers will take notice and put me on the wall of the most stylish people attending this fashion week”. Her friend joked, “May be if you take off that bra, they might still consider.” The first one fumed. She hissed in anger, “You don’t even try. You have anyway crossed 30, you aunty!” “What do you mean?” her friend roared. “Don’t you know, only oldies like Bandana T and Nandini B are included on that wall. Rest are only young chicks.” Ha ha ha….and the group burst into laughter. Everyone was busy taking an outfit “Picoftheday” on the toilet wall mirror. Few were busy tweeting and checking-in on FB showing off to the world that they were indeed attending Lakme Fashion Week. (Tip: If you want to witness the real action in a fashion show, then do visit the hotel loo.)  I checked my makeup which was little smudged due to all the pushing around but I thought still, ‘better off than nothing’. And I moved on. May be it’s the struggle in the elevator or the humidity in the air, I felt extremely thirsty as I saw Himalayan counter serving free mocktails with their soda water. I gulped down a few before moving towards the show area. I saw two small time celeb wives carefully entering the lobby area. They didn’t see me in the eye but were carefully scrutinizing the vicinity for any paparrazi. No body hounded them, walked up to them or asked them for a photo or autograph. I saw immense sadness in their eyes.  I met a few fellow bloggers. They all looked so different than their highly photoshopped images on their social media sites. A few recognised me too but looked away. May be I looked different than my pictures too. One of them smiled and I went to meet her. I extended my hand to greet her without realising that a man was trying to greet that blogger at the same time. A tiny man who wore his coif in fringe. A little effeminate, he felt offended as my hand reached the other blogger first. I wish to send my apologies to him. If he considers me a lady (among the two of us) then he should allow a lady to be first, in any such social courtesies. I left the scene immediately, lest if he started with a catfight? On my way, I saw Social Media wall where live tweets were being displayed, I saw a runway simulator. Yes, the fashion runway simulator which was equipped with flashes like the ones you get when hounded by paparazzi. It was not recommended for people who experience seizures.   I saw a huge line and thought that the entry to the main show area had started. But it led me to the Lakme Absolute counter which was providing free manicures to the guests. People were busy taking “Nailfie”. Unfortunately, the 3G network was not available in the hallway, so a few fashionistas were seen moving around trying to catch the network with phones sticking out in their hands. I felt very sorry for them as they were being deprived of their right to update the world about their “Nailfie” in real-time.   The “Wall of the most stylish people” attending the show was just next to the Lakme counter. People were busy casting their vote to the displayed style divas and divos. (What do you call a male diva? Is there a word for that?) They were busy putting stickers on their favourite stylish girl or guy. So, I moved to see the action there. A young woman took an entire leaf of the stickers and started categorically putting them on the faces of the stylish divas and on the crotches of the stylish divos. And, that’s when I realized that people don’t always show love on that wall with the stickers. At times it is contempt too!   The girl with the flappy crop top was walking up and down the area where the photographers were sitting. She smiled and winked and pouted but the photographers were least bothered. Finally she flashed her twins to the paparazzi and they turned their face away. Oh what a blow to her self-esteem! I hope she is not haunted by this for the rest of her life. No, paparazzi didn’t come to me either; they were busy with the real celebs in the media area. Finally, I went inside the main show area and settled down in my allotted seat. The lights dimmed, music started and the show began to roll. The show was great but pre-show action was even better.     Do share your experience at Lakme fashion week. It will be fun. A fashion week apartment is a common phenomenon at fashion weeks across the globe; be it NY, London or Paris. But Lakme Fashion Week introduced the LFW Apartment on the 27th floor of Palladium Hotel for the very first time. As you all are aware, Palladium Hotel hosted Lakme Fashion Week for the very first time during Lakme Fashion Week Winter/Festive 2014 and if resources are to be believed, they are booked for the next four seasons. Palladium offered an apartment, dedicated to the media and the bloggers so that they could recharge their juices during the busy fashion week and revitalize themselves with some pampering. It was inaugurated by MissMalini with selected few bloggers and thereafter was open to anyone holding media accreditation.  Me, poor mortal, thought why not checkout the oh-so-exclusive apartment myself. Therefore, after witnessing all the action pertaining to the Lakme Fashion Week on 8th and 9th floor of the hotel I took a special lift which had access to the higher floors from the 9th floor lobby. The bell boy carrying someone else’s luggage asked, “Mam which room?” And I declared, “LFW Apartment please, on the 27th floor.” Without batting an eyelid he swiped his own access card and off I went; away from all the frenzy. When, I reached the 27th floor, it was so quiet. Such a contrast from the buzz at the LFW venues. The floor had pin-drop silence and the glass window in the hallway provided a lovely view of the Lower Parel and Mahalaxmi area. Tiny cars looked like ants moving in a line. Such silence also invoked the philosopher in me. Looking at them I remembered words by a friend, “When you reach heights, usually you are alone. But don’t look down upon the ones who are left behind. They might seem tiny but eventually you have been there once and are part of them.” And I wondered if his words were metaphorical or in literal sense.  The LFW Apartment was in one corner but locating it was not at all difficult. I saw a few women strutting down the hallway in pencil heels towards a certain area. I knew they would lead me to my destination. A photo booth was right outside the apartment where bloggers were busy taking pictures. I opened the door with a lot of anticipation. Of course, I was not expecting Gianni Versace’s ghost to spring out from behind the door. The calm of the hallway was gone within seconds as inside the apartment was buzzing with people. Journalists, bloggers, few models, attendants from TIGI and Lakme Absolute were all over the place. TV was playing for no one in particular in the living room. Some cookies, cheese and crackers were kept for us to nosh on. Tea and coffee was being served by an attendant. In one corner, few bloggers were busy bitching about another. The wifi was free so a few of them were busy Tweeting/Instagraming as well. But the first thing I noticed about the apartment was the beautiful view of the Mahalaxmi Racecourse from its window. A few unknown faces greeted me and tried to figure out who I was.  The apartment was kind of exciting with a lot of branded goodies to try on. A fashionistas dream apartment, you can say. It was equally divided between men and women folk. The bedroom had racks of designer clothes like leather jackets from Diesel #SuperDry, shoes from Dune, clutches and so on. The changing room next to the bedroom was always occupied. Bloggers were busy getting their hair done by TIGI hair professionals and makeup done by Lakme Absolute artists in one corner of the room. Others were just sitting on the bed, whiling away their time or waiting for a particular show to begin. There wasn’t any professional socializing as most of them were huddled in their personal groups and chitchatting away to glory or lost in their own thoughts. There were no catfights over a boy or a designer blazer as you would have expected. The apartment was rather uneventful, though a lot of activity was going on. I quietly sipped some tea, filled up on some cheese and cracker and decided to move on to the next show at the Jabong stage.  While I decided to move out, I noticed the quirky articles kept in the apartment like cycle rim chair, a surfboard, cupcake tree, baubles and other stuff. LFW apartment wasn’t very huge, but a cozy place for people like me to sooth their aching feet after a long day in stilettoes. Nothing extraordinary yet necessary. And those who didn’t get access to this apartment relax! You didn’t miss much.  A fashion week apartment is a common phenomenon at fashion weeks across the globe; be it NY, London or Paris. But Lakme Fashion Week introduced the LFW Apartment on the 27th floor of Palladium Hotel for the very first time. As you all are aware, Palladium Hotel hosted Lakme Fashion Week for the very first time during Lakme Fashion Week Winter/Festive 2014 and if resources are to be believed, they are booked for the next four seasons. Palladium offered an apartment, dedicated to the media and the bloggers so that they could recharge their juices during the busy fashion week and revitalize themselves with some pampering. It was inaugurated by MissMalini with selected few bloggers and thereafter was open to anyone holding media accreditation.  Me, poor mortal, thought why not checkout the oh-so-exclusive apartment myself. Therefore, after witnessing all the action pertaining to the Lakme Fashion Week on 8th and 9th floor of the hotel I took a special lift which had access to the higher floors from the 9th floor lobby. The bell boy carrying someone else’s luggage asked, “Mam which room?” And I declared, “LFW Apartment please, on the 27th floor.” Without batting an eyelid he swiped his own access card and off I went; away from all the frenzy. When, I reached the 27th floor, it was so quiet. Such a contrast from the buzz at the LFW venues. The floor had pin-drop silence and the glass window in the hallway provided a lovely view of the Lower Parel and Mahalaxmi area. Tiny cars looked like ants moving in a line. Such silence also invoked the philosopher in me. Looking at them I remembered words by a friend, “When you reach heights, usually you are alone. But don’t look down upon the ones who are left behind. They might seem tiny but eventually you have been there once and are part of them.” And I wondered if his words were metaphorical or in literal sense.  The LFW Apartment was in one corner but locating it was not at all difficult. I saw a few women strutting down the hallway in pencil heels towards a certain area. I knew they would lead me to my destination. A photo booth was right outside the apartment where bloggers were busy taking pictures. I opened the door with a lot of anticipation. Of course, I was not expecting Gianni Versace’s ghost to spring out from behind the door. The calm of the hallway was gone within seconds as inside the apartment was buzzing with people. Journalists, bloggers, few models, attendants from TIGI and Lakme Absolute were all over the place. TV was playing for no one in particular in the living room. Some cookies, cheese and crackers were kept for us to nosh on. Tea and coffee was being served by an attendant. In one corner, few bloggers were busy bitching about another. The wifi was free so a few of them were busy Tweeting/Instagraming as well. But the first thing I noticed about the apartment was the beautiful view of the Mahalaxmi Racecourse from its window. A few unknown faces greeted me and tried to figure out who I was.  The apartment was kind of exciting with a lot of branded goodies to try on. A fashionistas dream apartment, you can say. It was equally divided between men and women folk. The bedroom had racks of designer clothes like leather jackets from Diesel #SuperDry, shoes from Dune, clutches and so on. The changing room next to the bedroom was always occupied. Bloggers were busy getting their hair done by TIGI hair professionals and makeup done by Lakme Absolute artists in one corner of the room. Others were just sitting on the bed, whiling away their time or waiting for a particular show to begin. There wasn’t any professional socializing as most of them were huddled in their personal groups and chitchatting away to glory or lost in their own thoughts. There were no catfights over a boy or a designer blazer as you would have expected. The apartment was rather uneventful, though a lot of activity was going on. I quietly sipped some tea, filled up on some cheese and cracker and decided to move on to the next show at the Jabong stage.  While I decided to move out, I noticed the quirky articles kept in the apartment like cycle rim chair, a surfboard, cupcake tree, baubles and other stuff. LFW apartment wasn’t very huge, but a cozy place for people like me to sooth their aching feet after a long day in stilettoes. Nothing extraordinary yet necessary. And those who didn’t get access to this apartment relax! You didn’t miss much.  A fashion week apartment is a common phenomenon at fashion weeks across the globe; be it NY, London or Paris. But Lakme Fashion Week introduced the LFW Apartment on the 27th floor of Palladium Hotel for the very first time. As you all are aware, Palladium Hotel hosted Lakme Fashion Week for the very first time during Lakme Fashion Week Winter/Festive 2014 and if resources are to be believed, they are booked for the next four seasons. Palladium offered an apartment, dedicated to the media and the bloggers so that they could recharge their juices during the busy fashion week and revitalize themselves with some pampering. It was inaugurated by MissMalini with selected few bloggers and thereafter was open to anyone holding media accreditation.  Me, poor mortal, thought why not checkout the oh-so-exclusive apartment myself. Therefore, after witnessing all the action pertaining to the Lakme Fashion Week on 8th and 9th floor of the hotel I took a special lift which had access to the higher floors from the 9th floor lobby. The bell boy carrying someone else’s luggage asked, “Mam which room?” And I declared, “LFW Apartment please, on the 27th floor.” Without batting an eyelid he swiped his own access card and off I went; away from all the frenzy. When, I reached the 27th floor, it was so quiet. Such a contrast from the buzz at the LFW venues. The floor had pin-drop silence and the glass window in the hallway provided a lovely view of the Lower Parel and Mahalaxmi area. Tiny cars looked like ants moving in a line. Such silence also invoked the philosopher in me. Looking at them I remembered words by a friend, “When you reach heights, usually you are alone. But don’t look down upon the ones who are left behind. They might seem tiny but eventually you have been there once and are part of them.” And I wondered if his words were metaphorical or in literal sense.  The LFW Apartment was in one corner but locating it was not at all difficult. I saw a few women strutting down the hallway in pencil heels towards a certain area. I knew they would lead me to my destination. A photo booth was right outside the apartment where bloggers were busy taking pictures. I opened the door with a lot of anticipation. Of course, I was not expecting Gianni Versace’s ghost to spring out from behind the door. The calm of the hallway was gone within seconds as inside the apartment was buzzing with people. Journalists, bloggers, few models, attendants from TIGI and Lakme Absolute were all over the place. TV was playing for no one in particular in the living room. Some cookies, cheese and crackers were kept for us to nosh on. Tea and coffee was being served by an attendant. In one corner, few bloggers were busy bitching about another. The wifi was free so a few of them were busy Tweeting/Instagraming as well. But the first thing I noticed about the apartment was the beautiful view of the Mahalaxmi Racecourse from its window. A few unknown faces greeted me and tried to figure out who I was.  The apartment was kind of exciting with a lot of branded goodies to try on. A fashionistas dream apartment, you can say. It was equally divided between men and women folk. The bedroom had racks of designer clothes like leather jackets from Diesel #SuperDry, shoes from Dune, clutches and so on. The changing room next to the bedroom was always occupied. Bloggers were busy getting their hair done by TIGI hair professionals and makeup done by Lakme Absolute artists in one corner of the room. Others were just sitting on the bed, whiling away their time or waiting for a particular show to begin. There wasn’t any professional socializing as most of them were huddled in their personal groups and chitchatting away to glory or lost in their own thoughts. There were no catfights over a boy or a designer blazer as you would have expected. The apartment was rather uneventful, though a lot of activity was going on. I quietly sipped some tea, filled up on some cheese and cracker and decided to move on to the next show at the Jabong stage.  While I decided to move out, I noticed the quirky articles kept in the apartment like cycle rim chair, a surfboard, cupcake tree, baubles and other stuff. LFW apartment wasn’t very huge, but a cozy place for people like me to sooth their aching feet after a long day in stilettoes. Nothing extraordinary yet necessary. And those who didn’t get access to this apartment relax! You didn’t miss much.  A fashion week apartment is a common phenomenon at fashion weeks across the globe; be it NY, London or Paris. But Lakme Fashion Week introduced the LFW Apartment on the 27th floor of Palladium Hotel for the very first time. As you all are aware, Palladium Hotel hosted Lakme Fashion Week for the very first time during Lakme Fashion Week Winter/Festive 2014 and if resources are to be believed, they are booked for the next four seasons. Palladium offered an apartment, dedicated to the media and the bloggers so that they could recharge their juices during the busy fashion week and revitalize themselves with some pampering. It was inaugurated by MissMalini with selected few bloggers and thereafter was open to anyone holding media accreditation.  Me, poor mortal, thought why not checkout the oh-so-exclusive apartment myself. Therefore, after witnessing all the action pertaining to the Lakme Fashion Week on 8th and 9th floor of the hotel I took a special lift which had access to the higher floors from the 9th floor lobby. The bell boy carrying someone else’s luggage asked, “Mam which room?” And I declared, “LFW Apartment please, on the 27th floor.” Without batting an eyelid he swiped his own access card and off I went; away from all the frenzy. When, I reached the 27th floor, it was so quiet. Such a contrast from the buzz at the LFW venues. The floor had pin-drop silence and the glass window in the hallway provided a lovely view of the Lower Parel and Mahalaxmi area. Tiny cars looked like ants moving in a line. Such silence also invoked the philosopher in me. Looking at them I remembered words by a friend, “When you reach heights, usually you are alone. But don’t look down upon the ones who are left behind. They might seem tiny but eventually you have been there once and are part of them.” And I wondered if his words were metaphorical or in literal sense.  The LFW Apartment was in one corner but locating it was not at all difficult. I saw a few women strutting down the hallway in pencil heels towards a certain area. I knew they would lead me to my destination. A photo booth was right outside the apartment where bloggers were busy taking pictures. I opened the door with a lot of anticipation. Of course, I was not expecting Gianni Versace’s ghost to spring out from behind the door. The calm of the hallway was gone within seconds as inside the apartment was buzzing with people. Journalists, bloggers, few models, attendants from TIGI and Lakme Absolute were all over the place. TV was playing for no one in particular in the living room. Some cookies, cheese and crackers were kept for us to nosh on. Tea and coffee was being served by an attendant. In one corner, few bloggers were busy bitching about another. The wifi was free so a few of them were busy Tweeting/Instagraming as well. But the first thing I noticed about the apartment was the beautiful view of the Mahalaxmi Racecourse from its window. A few unknown faces greeted me and tried to figure out who I was.  The apartment was kind of exciting with a lot of branded goodies to try on. A fashionistas dream apartment, you can say. It was equally divided between men and women folk. The bedroom had racks of designer clothes like leather jackets from Diesel #SuperDry, shoes from Dune, clutches and so on. The changing room next to the bedroom was always occupied. Bloggers were busy getting their hair done by TIGI hair professionals and makeup done by Lakme Absolute artists in one corner of the room. Others were just sitting on the bed, whiling away their time or waiting for a particular show to begin. There wasn’t any professional socializing as most of them were huddled in their personal groups and chitchatting away to glory or lost in their own thoughts. There were no catfights over a boy or a designer blazer as you would have expected. The apartment was rather uneventful, though a lot of activity was going on. I quietly sipped some tea, filled up on some cheese and cracker and decided to move on to the next show at the Jabong stage.  While I decided to move out, I noticed the quirky articles kept in the apartment like cycle rim chair, a surfboard, cupcake tree, baubles and other stuff. LFW apartment wasn’t very huge, but a cozy place for people like me to sooth their aching feet after a long day in stilettoes. Nothing extraordinary yet necessary. And those who didn’t get access to this apartment relax! You didn’t miss much.  Known for their unconventional jewellery designs, Kaabia and Sasha Grewal for their label “Outhouse” presented their stunning collection called “The Column” at Lakme Fashion Week Winter/Festive 2014. Lustrous gold was entwined into magical pieces that were influenced by the regal look of Greece and Rome. Playing imaginatively with gold, the designer duo proved that the precious metal was versatile enough to be draped like liquid silk or moulded firmly.  They were inspired by Proto-geometric art and linear meanders to present a more basic but bold collection. Adding to the beauty of the jewellery were semi-precious stones like amber, turquoise, pearls, garnets and lapis lazuli to create glitz and glamour.   They gave the Maang Tikka a New Age feel but with  a Mohawk- like design that rose in curves on the heads of the models, while the earrings flared up to reach the hair turning into large lacy covers. Chokers cascaded down the necks of the models with a line of interlinked pendants or were clasped around the necks with multiple layers.  Belt-cum-shoulder or body harnesses, ornate cropped gloves, windmill inspired ear cuffs, leather/tassel shoulder dusters, cross body leather/gold belt, and spikes erupted from neckpieces. Towering looped Maang Tikka, Haath Phool, facial décor garter-cum- harness and finger cuffs turned ordinary jewellery categories into conversation stoppers.  Opulence was the apt word to describe the jewellery as spiked bangles, looped and tasselled necklaces, shoulder ornaments and neckpieces had intricate attachments while armlets as well as enticing danglers for the ears stole the limelight. The striking ensembles were courtesy JV by Jatin Varma who added his geometric touches to balance the grand ornaments.   I liked their eccentric designs and a warrior goddess look. Single statement pieces can be worn to create furore at any event. Did you like it? Leave a comment below. Known for their unconventional jewellery designs, Kaabia and Sasha Grewal for their label “Outhouse” presented their stunning collection called “The Column” at Lakme Fashion Week Winter/Festive 2014. Lustrous gold was entwined into magical pieces that were influenced by the regal look of Greece and Rome. Playing imaginatively with gold, the designer duo proved that the precious metal was versatile enough to be draped like liquid silk or moulded firmly.  They were inspired by Proto-geometric art and linear meanders to present a more basic but bold collection. Adding to the beauty of the jewellery were semi-precious stones like amber, turquoise, pearls, garnets and lapis lazuli to create glitz and glamour.   They gave the Maang Tikka a New Age feel but with  a Mohawk- like design that rose in curves on the heads of the models, while the earrings flared up to reach the hair turning into large lacy covers. Chokers cascaded down the necks of the models with a line of interlinked pendants or were clasped around the necks with multiple layers.  Belt-cum-shoulder or body harnesses, ornate cropped gloves, windmill inspired ear cuffs, leather/tassel shoulder dusters, cross body leather/gold belt, and spikes erupted from neckpieces. Towering looped Maang Tikka, Haath Phool, facial décor garter-cum- harness and finger cuffs turned ordinary jewellery categories into conversation stoppers.  Opulence was the apt word to describe the jewellery as spiked bangles, looped and tasselled necklaces, shoulder ornaments and neckpieces had intricate attachments while armlets as well as enticing danglers for the ears stole the limelight. The striking ensembles were courtesy JV by Jatin Varma who added his geometric touches to balance the grand ornaments.   I liked their eccentric designs and a warrior goddess look. Single statement pieces can be worn to create furore at any event. Did you like it? Leave a comment below. Known for their unconventional jewellery designs, Kaabia and Sasha Grewal for their label “Outhouse” presented their stunning collection called “The Column” at Lakme Fashion Week Winter/Festive 2014. Lustrous gold was entwined into magical pieces that were influenced by the regal look of Greece and Rome. Playing imaginatively with gold, the designer duo proved that the precious metal was versatile enough to be draped like liquid silk or moulded firmly.  They were inspired by Proto-geometric art and linear meanders to present a more basic but bold collection. Adding to the beauty of the jewellery were semi-precious stones like amber, turquoise, pearls, garnets and lapis lazuli to create glitz and glamour.   They gave the Maang Tikka a New Age feel but with  a Mohawk- like design that rose in curves on the heads of the models, while the earrings flared up to reach the hair turning into large lacy covers. Chokers cascaded down the necks of the models with a line of interlinked pendants or were clasped around the necks with multiple layers.  Belt-cum-shoulder or body harnesses, ornate cropped gloves, windmill inspired ear cuffs, leather/tassel shoulder dusters, cross body leather/gold belt, and spikes erupted from neckpieces. Towering looped Maang Tikka, Haath Phool, facial décor garter-cum- harness and finger cuffs turned ordinary jewellery categories into conversation stoppers.  Opulence was the apt word to describe the jewellery as spiked bangles, looped and tasselled necklaces, shoulder ornaments and neckpieces had intricate attachments while armlets as well as enticing danglers for the ears stole the limelight. The striking ensembles were courtesy JV by Jatin Varma who added his geometric touches to balance the grand ornaments.   I liked their eccentric designs and a warrior goddess look. Single statement pieces can be worn to create furore at any event. Did you like it? Leave a comment below. Known for their unconventional jewellery designs, Kaabia and Sasha Grewal for their label “Outhouse” presented their stunning collection called “The Column” at Lakme Fashion Week Winter/Festive 2014. Lustrous gold was entwined into magical pieces that were influenced by the regal look of Greece and Rome. Playing imaginatively with gold, the designer duo proved that the precious metal was versatile enough to be draped like liquid silk or moulded firmly.  They were inspired by Proto-geometric art and linear meanders to present a more basic but bold collection. Adding to the beauty of the jewellery were semi-precious stones like amber, turquoise, pearls, garnets and lapis lazuli to create glitz and glamour.   They gave the Maang Tikka a New Age feel but with  a Mohawk- like design that rose in curves on the heads of the models, while the earrings flared up to reach the hair turning into large lacy covers. Chokers cascaded down the necks of the models with a line of interlinked pendants or were clasped around the necks with multiple layers.  Belt-cum-shoulder or body harnesses, ornate cropped gloves, windmill inspired ear cuffs, leather/tassel shoulder dusters, cross body leather/gold belt, and spikes erupted from neckpieces. Towering looped Maang Tikka, Haath Phool, facial décor garter-cum- harness and finger cuffs turned ordinary jewellery categories into conversation stoppers.  Opulence was the apt word to describe the jewellery as spiked bangles, looped and tasselled necklaces, shoulder ornaments and neckpieces had intricate attachments while armlets as well as enticing danglers for the ears stole the limelight. The striking ensembles were courtesy JV by Jatin Varma who added his geometric touches to balance the grand ornaments.   I liked their eccentric designs and a warrior goddess look. Single statement pieces can be worn to create furore at any event. Did you like it? Leave a comment below. Working with rural communities that empower women, Rizwan Beyg’s collection incorporated the soft, feminine, romantic feel that will appeal to women who long for aesthetically designed ensembles. Inspiration for Rizwan was the very colourful truck art, which Pakistan is known for.  Using the many designs and colours of this very quirky form for a variety of garments like jackets, pants, tops, waistcoats, skirts and accessories; Rizwan offered a characteristic style statement of his country. The elegant clean lines reflected the contemporary touch in his garments, which paid homage silently to not only the Pakistani woman but the global buyers. Presenting a funky line called “Digitruck”, which also included jewellery, shoes and bags, the collection was a riot of colours on the ramp.  Tiered miniskirts, white bustier, asymmetric dress, off- shoulder dhoti jumpsuit, orange flared top with satin printed sharara, and printed corset with blue flapper pants were all fun filled offerings for the young at heart. The empire line georgette cover off- shoulder blouse, tiered maxi drop waist printed corset dress and the will-power asymmetric gown with a long trail looked striking on the catwalk.  Men’s wear had as much colour as that of the women’s creations with printed pants, jackets and waistcoats stealing the show.   Great fun for any time wear is what Rizwan Beyg offered with his “Digitruck” collection to the trendy dressers who want something that has style with loads of traditional inputs.  I just loved this collection. How about you? Working with rural communities that empower women, Rizwan Beyg’s collection incorporated the soft, feminine, romantic feel that will appeal to women who long for aesthetically designed ensembles. Inspiration for Rizwan was the very colourful truck art, which Pakistan is known for.  Using the many designs and colours of this very quirky form for a variety of garments like jackets, pants, tops, waistcoats, skirts and accessories; Rizwan offered a characteristic style statement of his country. The elegant clean lines reflected the contemporary touch in his garments, which paid homage silently to not only the Pakistani woman but the global buyers. Presenting a funky line called “Digitruck”, which also included jewellery, shoes and bags, the collection was a riot of colours on the ramp.  Tiered miniskirts, white bustier, asymmetric dress, off- shoulder dhoti jumpsuit, orange flared top with satin printed sharara, and printed corset with blue flapper pants were all fun filled offerings for the young at heart. The empire line georgette cover off- shoulder blouse, tiered maxi drop waist printed corset dress and the will-power asymmetric gown with a long trail looked striking on the catwalk.  Men’s wear had as much colour as that of the women’s creations with printed pants, jackets and waistcoats stealing the show.   Great fun for any time wear is what Rizwan Beyg offered with his “Digitruck” collection to the trendy dressers who want something that has style with loads of traditional inputs.  I just loved this collection. How about you? Working with rural communities that empower women, Rizwan Beyg’s collection incorporated the soft, feminine, romantic feel that will appeal to women who long for aesthetically designed ensembles. Inspiration for Rizwan was the very colourful truck art, which Pakistan is known for.  Using the many designs and colours of this very quirky form for a variety of garments like jackets, pants, tops, waistcoats, skirts and accessories; Rizwan offered a characteristic style statement of his country. The elegant clean lines reflected the contemporary touch in his garments, which paid homage silently to not only the Pakistani woman but the global buyers. Presenting a funky line called “Digitruck”, which also included jewellery, shoes and bags, the collection was a riot of colours on the ramp.  Tiered miniskirts, white bustier, asymmetric dress, off- shoulder dhoti jumpsuit, orange flared top with satin printed sharara, and printed corset with blue flapper pants were all fun filled offerings for the young at heart. The empire line georgette cover off- shoulder blouse, tiered maxi drop waist printed corset dress and the will-power asymmetric gown with a long trail looked striking on the catwalk.  Men’s wear had as much colour as that of the women’s creations with printed pants, jackets and waistcoats stealing the show.   Great fun for any time wear is what Rizwan Beyg offered with his “Digitruck” collection to the trendy dressers who want something that has style with loads of traditional inputs.  I just loved this collection. How about you? Working with rural communities that empower women, Rizwan Beyg’s collection incorporated the soft, feminine, romantic feel that will appeal to women who long for aesthetically designed ensembles. Inspiration for Rizwan was the very colourful truck art, which Pakistan is known for.  Using the many designs and colours of this very quirky form for a variety of garments like jackets, pants, tops, waistcoats, skirts and accessories; Rizwan offered a characteristic style statement of his country. The elegant clean lines reflected the contemporary touch in his garments, which paid homage silently to not only the Pakistani woman but the global buyers. Presenting a funky line called “Digitruck”, which also included jewellery, shoes and bags, the collection was a riot of colours on the ramp.  Tiered miniskirts, white bustier, asymmetric dress, off- shoulder dhoti jumpsuit, orange flared top with satin printed sharara, and printed corset with blue flapper pants were all fun filled offerings for the young at heart. The empire line georgette cover off- shoulder blouse, tiered maxi drop waist printed corset dress and the will-power asymmetric gown with a long trail looked striking on the catwalk.  Men’s wear had as much colour as that of the women’s creations with printed pants, jackets and waistcoats stealing the show.   Great fun for any time wear is what Rizwan Beyg offered with his “Digitruck” collection to the trendy dressers who want something that has style with loads of traditional inputs.  I just loved this collection. How about you? Delhi edition of India Bridal Fashion Week saw a lot of trends which are going to rule the shaadi season in the coming months. So, all the brides-to-be read on to know what is haute now. Before that let me tell you that this event is organized both in Mumbai as well as in Delhi and is one of the top four fashion events in the country. BMW India Bridal Fashion Week did see a lot of participation from major fashion designers across the country. Here are the top 5 trends: 1.Silver embroidery and mirror work  Move aside golden zari, silver is here to stay. As the new age bride is ready to experiment with bold colours and modern looks, silver zari work is taking centre stage. Along with mirror work, this Suneet Varma dress creates the beauty of the tribes of Rajasthan. True to the roots of Rajasthan, bright colours have been used near the hem; tiers of red, orange, pink in contrast to black body which has intricate silver zari and mirror work details. Loved it! 2.Two tone accented Anarkali  Again from Suneet Verma collection, this two tone dip dyed Anarkali with a bustier will certainly make the bride standout. The flowy transparent fabric attached to a heavily embellished bustier gives it a very majestic look. 3.Waterfall long jackets over lehenga  Falguni and Shane Peacock created a luxurious ensemble by adding a waterfall sheer jacket in gold over lehenga and shirt choli. The ash grey lehnga which has gold zari and red thread work looked elegant. I am oh so for this sheer long jacket/body suit as it can add an edge to any traditional dress. 4.Jewellery – the bigger, the better  This year Suneet Verma has set major trends during India Bridal Fashion Week. The bride in this image is seen with really huge jewellery, be it the passa, the matha patti or the necklace. Makeup has been kept subtle but jewellery looks dramatic. Light weight chunkier pieces are very much in this season. Bring out the vintage pieces now and you will look every inch a trendy bride. 5.Blue is the new red    Ashima Leena’s ‘Jashn’ collection showcased shades of purplish- blues, greenish blues and stark blues. It feels like the colours have been exported out of Arabian Nights and look fresh from the regular doze of goldens and reds. Supermodel Ujwalla Rawat walked the ramp as a showstopper and looked beautiful in this full circle lehnga choli in the new colour patterns. What do you think? Are you going to wear any of these? Please leave a comment below. Delhi edition of India Bridal Fashion Week saw a lot of trends which are going to rule the shaadi season in the coming months. So, all the brides-to-be read on to know what is haute now. Before that let me tell you that this event is organized both in Mumbai as well as in Delhi and is one of the top four fashion events in the country. BMW India Bridal Fashion Week did see a lot of participation from major fashion designers across the country. Here are the top 5 trends: 1.Silver embroidery and mirror work  Move aside golden zari, silver is here to stay. As the new age bride is ready to experiment with bold colours and modern looks, silver zari work is taking centre stage. Along with mirror work, this Suneet Varma dress creates the beauty of the tribes of Rajasthan. True to the roots of Rajasthan, bright colours have been used near the hem; tiers of red, orange, pink in contrast to black body which has intricate silver zari and mirror work details. Loved it! 2.Two tone accented Anarkali  Again from Suneet Verma collection, this two tone dip dyed Anarkali with a bustier will certainly make the bride standout. The flowy transparent fabric attached to a heavily embellished bustier gives it a very majestic look. 3.Waterfall long jackets over lehenga  Falguni and Shane Peacock created a luxurious ensemble by adding a waterfall sheer jacket in gold over lehenga and shirt choli. The ash grey lehnga which has gold zari and red thread work looked elegant. I am oh so for this sheer long jacket/body suit as it can add an edge to any traditional dress. 4.Jewellery – the bigger, the better  This year Suneet Verma has set major trends during India Bridal Fashion Week. The bride in this image is seen with really huge jewellery, be it the passa, the matha patti or the necklace. Makeup has been kept subtle but jewellery looks dramatic. Light weight chunkier pieces are very much in this season. Bring out the vintage pieces now and you will look every inch a trendy bride. 5.Blue is the new red    Ashima Leena’s ‘Jashn’ collection showcased shades of purplish- blues, greenish blues and stark blues. It feels like the colours have been exported out of Arabian Nights and look fresh from the regular doze of goldens and reds. Supermodel Ujwalla Rawat walked the ramp as a showstopper and looked beautiful in this full circle lehnga choli in the new colour patterns. What do you think? Are you going to wear any of these? Please leave a comment below. Delhi edition of India Bridal Fashion Week saw a lot of trends which are going to rule the shaadi season in the coming months. So, all the brides-to-be read on to know what is haute now. Before that let me tell you that this event is organized both in Mumbai as well as in Delhi and is one of the top four fashion events in the country. BMW India Bridal Fashion Week did see a lot of participation from major fashion designers across the country. Here are the top 5 trends: 1.Silver embroidery and mirror work  Move aside golden zari, silver is here to stay. As the new age bride is ready to experiment with bold colours and modern looks, silver zari work is taking centre stage. Along with mirror work, this Suneet Varma dress creates the beauty of the tribes of Rajasthan. True to the roots of Rajasthan, bright colours have been used near the hem; tiers of red, orange, pink in contrast to black body which has intricate silver zari and mirror work details. Loved it! 2.Two tone accented Anarkali  Again from Suneet Verma collection, this two tone dip dyed Anarkali with a bustier will certainly make the bride standout. The flowy transparent fabric attached to a heavily embellished bustier gives it a very majestic look. 3.Waterfall long jackets over lehenga  Falguni and Shane Peacock created a luxurious ensemble by adding a waterfall sheer jacket in gold over lehenga and shirt choli. The ash grey lehnga which has gold zari and red thread work looked elegant. I am oh so for this sheer long jacket/body suit as it can add an edge to any traditional dress. 4.Jewellery – the bigger, the better  This year Suneet Verma has set major trends during India Bridal Fashion Week. The bride in this image is seen with really huge jewellery, be it the passa, the matha patti or the necklace. Makeup has been kept subtle but jewellery looks dramatic. Light weight chunkier pieces are very much in this season. Bring out the vintage pieces now and you will look every inch a trendy bride. 5.Blue is the new red    Ashima Leena’s ‘Jashn’ collection showcased shades of purplish- blues, greenish blues and stark blues. It feels like the colours have been exported out of Arabian Nights and look fresh from the regular doze of goldens and reds. Supermodel Ujwalla Rawat walked the ramp as a showstopper and looked beautiful in this full circle lehnga choli in the new colour patterns. What do you think? Are you going to wear any of these? Please leave a comment below. Delhi edition of India Bridal Fashion Week saw a lot of trends which are going to rule the shaadi season in the coming months. So, all the brides-to-be read on to know what is haute now. Before that let me tell you that this event is organized both in Mumbai as well as in Delhi and is one of the top four fashion events in the country. BMW India Bridal Fashion Week did see a lot of participation from major fashion designers across the country. Here are the top 5 trends: 1.Silver embroidery and mirror work  Move aside golden zari, silver is here to stay. As the new age bride is ready to experiment with bold colours and modern looks, silver zari work is taking centre stage. Along with mirror work, this Suneet Varma dress creates the beauty of the tribes of Rajasthan. True to the roots of Rajasthan, bright colours have been used near the hem; tiers of red, orange, pink in contrast to black body which has intricate silver zari and mirror work details. Loved it! 2.Two tone accented Anarkali  Again from Suneet Verma collection, this two tone dip dyed Anarkali with a bustier will certainly make the bride standout. The flowy transparent fabric attached to a heavily embellished bustier gives it a very majestic look. 3.Waterfall long jackets over lehenga  Falguni and Shane Peacock created a luxurious ensemble by adding a waterfall sheer jacket in gold over lehenga and shirt choli. The ash grey lehnga which has gold zari and red thread work looked elegant. I am oh so for this sheer long jacket/body suit as it can add an edge to any traditional dress. 4.Jewellery – the bigger, the better  This year Suneet Verma has set major trends during India Bridal Fashion Week. The bride in this image is seen with really huge jewellery, be it the passa, the matha patti or the necklace. Makeup has been kept subtle but jewellery looks dramatic. Light weight chunkier pieces are very much in this season. Bring out the vintage pieces now and you will look every inch a trendy bride. 5.Blue is the new red    Ashima Leena’s ‘Jashn’ collection showcased shades of purplish- blues, greenish blues and stark blues. It feels like the colours have been exported out of Arabian Nights and look fresh from the regular doze of goldens and reds. Supermodel Ujwalla Rawat walked the ramp as a showstopper and looked beautiful in this full circle lehnga choli in the new colour patterns. What do you think? Are you going to wear any of these? Please leave a comment below. Fashion designer Rahul Mishra’s childhood saw humble beginnings in a small village called Malhausi in Uttar Pradesh. Son of a doctor, he never imagined that one day he will be graduating from NID and starting an international career in fashion amongst the who’s who in this business. Recently, India Culture Lab, organised a meet with this simpleton on the occasion of Lakme Fashion Week Winter/Festive 2014 kick off at Bungalow 8 in Colaba and you bet, I was completely blown away by his candid confessions where he shared that he was intimidated as well as low in confidence while competing in the international arena. He said, “I used to quietly sit in one corner with my wife Divya, while having media interactions or in the hotel lobby. Nobody used to come to us for interviews, not even the Indian journalists. People out there didn’t know us. And I wasn’t sure till the last day if we would create any difference.”  Rahul Mishra further added, “My wife has been my biggest support as well as my critic. She was my junior in college and has seen me evolve since the beginning. She was always encouraging. On the day of the show, I was little positive as I heard first row Italian woman praise my designs. You know the way they say Bellissimo! And that’s when I became hopeful. When the jury asked me where did I see myself after few years, I said, I wanted to employ a million artisans from across India and that nailed the prize for me. I guess!” Over the years, he has showcased his work at fashion weeks in London, Dubai and Australia, beside Indian Fashion Week. He has also become known for incorporating traditional Indian textiles, and handmade artisanship to his work which was evident in his current collection too. I just fell in love with the power jacket and the peacock sitting on a tree motif on his dress. So I was curious to know that why does he use Indian motifs on western outfits. To that he said, “While completing my higher studies at Istituto Marangoni, a fashion school at Milan, Italy where I was the first non-European designer to win a scholarship in 2009, I came across the store of designer Issey Miyake and realised that he made it big because his designs are rooted in the Japanese culture. That’s when I realised that if I need to make it big then I should create clothes which have international appeal but are rooted in the Indian culture. People outside India think that Indian fashion only means Bollywood style colourful clothes with lots of embellishments. They are unaware that Indian designers are capable of creating designs which have international cuts and preferences.”  A judging panel including Frida Giannini, Franca Sozzani, Tim Blanks, Colette Garnsey, Angelica Cheung, Alexa Chung and representatives from the global IWP retail partners, selected Mishra, who was representing India and the Middle East at the platform. His award-winning capsule range, “The Lotus Effect” and was based on the hexagon shapes and used Lotus motifs. It used Chanderi fabric woven with 85% Merino wool with woolen zardozi embroidery by craftsmen of Kolkata. In February 2014, he won the 2014 Woolmark Prize at the Milan Fashion Week. The award carries an AUS $100,000 prize (over Rs. 5.4 million) and was previously won by designers like Karl Lagerfield and Giorgio Armani, and Mishra is the only Indian to have won the award.  He has created a benchmark which is first of a kind for the Indian designers and he himself would have to work really hard to keep up with the standards. Though, I found the journey of a village boy to the fashion capital very inspiring. To know more about his life read this article here. Fashion designer Rahul Mishra’s childhood saw humble beginnings in a small village called Malhausi in Uttar Pradesh. Son of a doctor, he never imagined that one day he will be graduating from NID and starting an international career in fashion amongst the who’s who in this business. Recently, India Culture Lab, organised a meet with this simpleton on the occasion of Lakme Fashion Week Winter/Festive 2014 kick off at Bungalow 8 in Colaba and you bet, I was completely blown away by his candid confessions where he shared that he was intimidated as well as low in confidence while competing in the international arena. He said, “I used to quietly sit in one corner with my wife Divya, while having media interactions or in the hotel lobby. Nobody used to come to us for interviews, not even the Indian journalists. People out there didn’t know us. And I wasn’t sure till the last day if we would create any difference.”  Rahul Mishra further added, “My wife has been my biggest support as well as my critic. She was my junior in college and has seen me evolve since the beginning. She was always encouraging. On the day of the show, I was little positive as I heard first row Italian woman praise my designs. You know the way they say Bellissimo! And that’s when I became hopeful. When the jury asked me where did I see myself after few years, I said, I wanted to employ a million artisans from across India and that nailed the prize for me. I guess!” Over the years, he has showcased his work at fashion weeks in London, Dubai and Australia, beside Indian Fashion Week. He has also become known for incorporating traditional Indian textiles, and handmade artisanship to his work which was evident in his current collection too. I just fell in love with the power jacket and the peacock sitting on a tree motif on his dress. So I was curious to know that why does he use Indian motifs on western outfits. To that he said, “While completing my higher studies at Istituto Marangoni, a fashion school at Milan, Italy where I was the first non-European designer to win a scholarship in 2009, I came across the store of designer Issey Miyake and realised that he made it big because his designs are rooted in the Japanese culture. That’s when I realised that if I need to make it big then I should create clothes which have international appeal but are rooted in the Indian culture. People outside India think that Indian fashion only means Bollywood style colourful clothes with lots of embellishments. They are unaware that Indian designers are capable of creating designs which have international cuts and preferences.”  A judging panel including Frida Giannini, Franca Sozzani, Tim Blanks, Colette Garnsey, Angelica Cheung, Alexa Chung and representatives from the global IWP retail partners, selected Mishra, who was representing India and the Middle East at the platform. His award-winning capsule range, “The Lotus Effect” and was based on the hexagon shapes and used Lotus motifs. It used Chanderi fabric woven with 85% Merino wool with woolen zardozi embroidery by craftsmen of Kolkata. In February 2014, he won the 2014 Woolmark Prize at the Milan Fashion Week. The award carries an AUS $100,000 prize (over Rs. 5.4 million) and was previously won by designers like Karl Lagerfield and Giorgio Armani, and Mishra is the only Indian to have won the award.  He has created a benchmark which is first of a kind for the Indian designers and he himself would have to work really hard to keep up with the standards. Though, I found the journey of a village boy to the fashion capital very inspiring. To know more about his life read this article here. Fashion designer Rahul Mishra’s childhood saw humble beginnings in a small village called Malhausi in Uttar Pradesh. Son of a doctor, he never imagined that one day he will be graduating from NID and starting an international career in fashion amongst the who’s who in this business. Recently, India Culture Lab, organised a meet with this simpleton on the occasion of Lakme Fashion Week Winter/Festive 2014 kick off at Bungalow 8 in Colaba and you bet, I was completely blown away by his candid confessions where he shared that he was intimidated as well as low in confidence while competing in the international arena. He said, “I used to quietly sit in one corner with my wife Divya, while having media interactions or in the hotel lobby. Nobody used to come to us for interviews, not even the Indian journalists. People out there didn’t know us. And I wasn’t sure till the last day if we would create any difference.”  Rahul Mishra further added, “My wife has been my biggest support as well as my critic. She was my junior in college and has seen me evolve since the beginning. She was always encouraging. On the day of the show, I was little positive as I heard first row Italian woman praise my designs. You know the way they say Bellissimo! And that’s when I became hopeful. When the jury asked me where did I see myself after few years, I said, I wanted to employ a million artisans from across India and that nailed the prize for me. I guess!” Over the years, he has showcased his work at fashion weeks in London, Dubai and Australia, beside Indian Fashion Week. He has also become known for incorporating traditional Indian textiles, and handmade artisanship to his work which was evident in his current collection too. I just fell in love with the power jacket and the peacock sitting on a tree motif on his dress. So I was curious to know that why does he use Indian motifs on western outfits. To that he said, “While completing my higher studies at Istituto Marangoni, a fashion school at Milan, Italy where I was the first non-European designer to win a scholarship in 2009, I came across the store of designer Issey Miyake and realised that he made it big because his designs are rooted in the Japanese culture. That’s when I realised that if I need to make it big then I should create clothes which have international appeal but are rooted in the Indian culture. People outside India think that Indian fashion only means Bollywood style colourful clothes with lots of embellishments. They are unaware that Indian designers are capable of creating designs which have international cuts and preferences.”  A judging panel including Frida Giannini, Franca Sozzani, Tim Blanks, Colette Garnsey, Angelica Cheung, Alexa Chung and representatives from the global IWP retail partners, selected Mishra, who was representing India and the Middle East at the platform. His award-winning capsule range, “The Lotus Effect” and was based on the hexagon shapes and used Lotus motifs. It used Chanderi fabric woven with 85% Merino wool with woolen zardozi embroidery by craftsmen of Kolkata. In February 2014, he won the 2014 Woolmark Prize at the Milan Fashion Week. The award carries an AUS $100,000 prize (over Rs. 5.4 million) and was previously won by designers like Karl Lagerfield and Giorgio Armani, and Mishra is the only Indian to have won the award.  He has created a benchmark which is first of a kind for the Indian designers and he himself would have to work really hard to keep up with the standards. Though, I found the journey of a village boy to the fashion capital very inspiring. To know more about his life read this article here. Fashion designer Rahul Mishra’s childhood saw humble beginnings in a small village called Malhausi in Uttar Pradesh. Son of a doctor, he never imagined that one day he will be graduating from NID and starting an international career in fashion amongst the who’s who in this business. Recently, India Culture Lab, organised a meet with this simpleton on the occasion of Lakme Fashion Week Winter/Festive 2014 kick off at Bungalow 8 in Colaba and you bet, I was completely blown away by his candid confessions where he shared that he was intimidated as well as low in confidence while competing in the international arena. He said, “I used to quietly sit in one corner with my wife Divya, while having media interactions or in the hotel lobby. Nobody used to come to us for interviews, not even the Indian journalists. People out there didn’t know us. And I wasn’t sure till the last day if we would create any difference.”  Rahul Mishra further added, “My wife has been my biggest support as well as my critic. She was my junior in college and has seen me evolve since the beginning. She was always encouraging. On the day of the show, I was little positive as I heard first row Italian woman praise my designs. You know the way they say Bellissimo! And that’s when I became hopeful. When the jury asked me where did I see myself after few years, I said, I wanted to employ a million artisans from across India and that nailed the prize for me. I guess!” Over the years, he has showcased his work at fashion weeks in London, Dubai and Australia, beside Indian Fashion Week. He has also become known for incorporating traditional Indian textiles, and handmade artisanship to his work which was evident in his current collection too. I just fell in love with the power jacket and the peacock sitting on a tree motif on his dress. So I was curious to know that why does he use Indian motifs on western outfits. To that he said, “While completing my higher studies at Istituto Marangoni, a fashion school at Milan, Italy where I was the first non-European designer to win a scholarship in 2009, I came across the store of designer Issey Miyake and realised that he made it big because his designs are rooted in the Japanese culture. That’s when I realised that if I need to make it big then I should create clothes which have international appeal but are rooted in the Indian culture. People outside India think that Indian fashion only means Bollywood style colourful clothes with lots of embellishments. They are unaware that Indian designers are capable of creating designs which have international cuts and preferences.”  A judging panel including Frida Giannini, Franca Sozzani, Tim Blanks, Colette Garnsey, Angelica Cheung, Alexa Chung and representatives from the global IWP retail partners, selected Mishra, who was representing India and the Middle East at the platform. His award-winning capsule range, “The Lotus Effect” and was based on the hexagon shapes and used Lotus motifs. It used Chanderi fabric woven with 85% Merino wool with woolen zardozi embroidery by craftsmen of Kolkata. In February 2014, he won the 2014 Woolmark Prize at the Milan Fashion Week. The award carries an AUS $100,000 prize (over Rs. 5.4 million) and was previously won by designers like Karl Lagerfield and Giorgio Armani, and Mishra is the only Indian to have won the award.  He has created a benchmark which is first of a kind for the Indian designers and he himself would have to work really hard to keep up with the standards. Though, I found the journey of a village boy to the fashion capital very inspiring. To know more about his life read this article here. Can you imagine Bollywood without jewellery? Just think about the lavish outfits of Jodha Akhbar (Remember Aishwarya in polki raani haar) or the delicate rings our heroes use to propose to their lady love. In a nutshell, jewellery has been, is, and always will be an important aspect in the filmdom. And this is where The Gem & Jewellery Export Promotion Council (GJEPC) decided to celebrate 100 years of Indian Cinema by inviting design entries inspired from the timeless classics like Raja Harishchandra, Devdas, Mother India, Sholay, etc. GJEPC has invited participation from all established and budding designers across the nation to bring out the best of their designs and present it by August 15th. The award function will be held in December. This award will promote highest levels of artistry, innovation and individuality among Indian jewellery designers. Fashion icon, and GJEPC Brand Ambassador Sonam Kapoor says, “I believe jewellery is an expression of one’s individuality. Artisan Jewellery award is a wonderful initiative by GJEPC that provides an apt platform to all designers to showcase their creativity and talent. It is an opportunity for promising designers to create innovative designs that will appease the fashion conscious woman of today.”  Chairman, GJEPC India, Mr. Vipul Shah says, “Indian cinema symbolizes Indian life and culture. In an ode to this strong influential medium of art that touches various aspects of our lives, we provide this platform to jewellery designers to present their talent to an esteemed panel of judges which will bring the finalists accolades and put them on a road to stardom”. The competition has four distinct categories namely the ‘Monochromatic Era’, ‘Golden Era’, ‘Colourama Era’, ‘Avant Garde Era’. Each category has 4 shortlisted movies based on which designers will have to present their sketches for the first round. Submissions will be evaluated by an esteem panel comprising industry veterans such as Usha Balakrishnan – jewellery historian, Priya Tanna –editor-VOGUE India, and Ashiesh Shah.  For further information, please log on to: http://www.theartisanawards.com/  I am very excited about this award. The best part is that it will showcase art and Bollywood on the same platform. Eagerly, waiting for December to come. Can you imagine Bollywood without jewellery? Just think about the lavish outfits of Jodha Akhbar (Remember Aishwarya in polki raani haar) or the delicate rings our heroes use to propose to their lady love. In a nutshell, jewellery has been, is, and always will be an important aspect in the filmdom. And this is where The Gem & Jewellery Export Promotion Council (GJEPC) decided to celebrate 100 years of Indian Cinema by inviting design entries inspired from the timeless classics like Raja Harishchandra, Devdas, Mother India, Sholay, etc. GJEPC has invited participation from all established and budding designers across the nation to bring out the best of their designs and present it by August 15th. The award function will be held in December. This award will promote highest levels of artistry, innovation and individuality among Indian jewellery designers. Fashion icon, and GJEPC Brand Ambassador Sonam Kapoor says, “I believe jewellery is an expression of one’s individuality. Artisan Jewellery award is a wonderful initiative by GJEPC that provides an apt platform to all designers to showcase their creativity and talent. It is an opportunity for promising designers to create innovative designs that will appease the fashion conscious woman of today.”  Chairman, GJEPC India, Mr. Vipul Shah says, “Indian cinema symbolizes Indian life and culture. In an ode to this strong influential medium of art that touches various aspects of our lives, we provide this platform to jewellery designers to present their talent to an esteemed panel of judges which will bring the finalists accolades and put them on a road to stardom”. The competition has four distinct categories namely the ‘Monochromatic Era’, ‘Golden Era’, ‘Colourama Era’, ‘Avant Garde Era’. Each category has 4 shortlisted movies based on which designers will have to present their sketches for the first round. Submissions will be evaluated by an esteem panel comprising industry veterans such as Usha Balakrishnan – jewellery historian, Priya Tanna –editor-VOGUE India, and Ashiesh Shah.  For further information, please log on to: http://www.theartisanawards.com/  I am very excited about this award. The best part is that it will showcase art and Bollywood on the same platform. Eagerly, waiting for December to come. Can you imagine Bollywood without jewellery? Just think about the lavish outfits of Jodha Akhbar (Remember Aishwarya in polki raani haar) or the delicate rings our heroes use to propose to their lady love. In a nutshell, jewellery has been, is, and always will be an important aspect in the filmdom. And this is where The Gem & Jewellery Export Promotion Council (GJEPC) decided to celebrate 100 years of Indian Cinema by inviting design entries inspired from the timeless classics like Raja Harishchandra, Devdas, Mother India, Sholay, etc. GJEPC has invited participation from all established and budding designers across the nation to bring out the best of their designs and present it by August 15th. The award function will be held in December. This award will promote highest levels of artistry, innovation and individuality among Indian jewellery designers. Fashion icon, and GJEPC Brand Ambassador Sonam Kapoor says, “I believe jewellery is an expression of one’s individuality. Artisan Jewellery award is a wonderful initiative by GJEPC that provides an apt platform to all designers to showcase their creativity and talent. It is an opportunity for promising designers to create innovative designs that will appease the fashion conscious woman of today.”  Chairman, GJEPC India, Mr. Vipul Shah says, “Indian cinema symbolizes Indian life and culture. In an ode to this strong influential medium of art that touches various aspects of our lives, we provide this platform to jewellery designers to present their talent to an esteemed panel of judges which will bring the finalists accolades and put them on a road to stardom”. The competition has four distinct categories namely the ‘Monochromatic Era’, ‘Golden Era’, ‘Colourama Era’, ‘Avant Garde Era’. Each category has 4 shortlisted movies based on which designers will have to present their sketches for the first round. Submissions will be evaluated by an esteem panel comprising industry veterans such as Usha Balakrishnan – jewellery historian, Priya Tanna –editor-VOGUE India, and Ashiesh Shah.  For further information, please log on to: http://www.theartisanawards.com/  I am very excited about this award. The best part is that it will showcase art and Bollywood on the same platform. Eagerly, waiting for December to come. Can you imagine Bollywood without jewellery? Just think about the lavish outfits of Jodha Akhbar (Remember Aishwarya in polki raani haar) or the delicate rings our heroes use to propose to their lady love. In a nutshell, jewellery has been, is, and always will be an important aspect in the filmdom. And this is where The Gem & Jewellery Export Promotion Council (GJEPC) decided to celebrate 100 years of Indian Cinema by inviting design entries inspired from the timeless classics like Raja Harishchandra, Devdas, Mother India, Sholay, etc. GJEPC has invited participation from all established and budding designers across the nation to bring out the best of their designs and present it by August 15th. The award function will be held in December. This award will promote highest levels of artistry, innovation and individuality among Indian jewellery designers. Fashion icon, and GJEPC Brand Ambassador Sonam Kapoor says, “I believe jewellery is an expression of one’s individuality. Artisan Jewellery award is a wonderful initiative by GJEPC that provides an apt platform to all designers to showcase their creativity and talent. It is an opportunity for promising designers to create innovative designs that will appease the fashion conscious woman of today.”  Chairman, GJEPC India, Mr. Vipul Shah says, “Indian cinema symbolizes Indian life and culture. In an ode to this strong influential medium of art that touches various aspects of our lives, we provide this platform to jewellery designers to present their talent to an esteemed panel of judges which will bring the finalists accolades and put them on a road to stardom”. The competition has four distinct categories namely the ‘Monochromatic Era’, ‘Golden Era’, ‘Colourama Era’, ‘Avant Garde Era’. Each category has 4 shortlisted movies based on which designers will have to present their sketches for the first round. Submissions will be evaluated by an esteem panel comprising industry veterans such as Usha Balakrishnan – jewellery historian, Priya Tanna –editor-VOGUE India, and Ashiesh Shah.  For further information, please log on to: http://www.theartisanawards.com/  I am very excited about this award. The best part is that it will showcase art and Bollywood on the same platform. Eagerly, waiting for December to come. The seminar on ‘Exotic World of Design, Colours & Trends’ in IIJS 2014 saw eminent jewellery designers Farah Khan Ali, Prerna Makharia, Laksh Pahuja  and Ishu Datwani of Anmol Jewellers talk on creativity, originality and on how to enhance the beauty of jewellery by using coloured gemstones. The seminar was moderated by jewellery designer Gunjan Suri. When asked about the journey of a jewellery piece from the stage of conception, to reality, couture jewellery designer Farah Khan Ali said, “Converting inanimate thoughts into an exquisite piece of jewellery is a long journey and requires deep involvement with karigars on the work bench.”  Laksh Pahuja said, “I engage in research and make hard wax models in silver before passing it onto my craftsmen to make one-off pieces.” Ishu Datwani said, ” Design is just not the look of the piece. It involves important elements like flexibility, detailing, and weight which needs to be integrated to create an excellent piece.” Prerna Makharia Kumar, design developer for Tara Jewellers said, “A designer needs to be very clear in his/her head about what should be the outcome, or else the piece could go awry.”  Farah Khan Ali also mentioned that “Colour gives personality to a design.” The seminar was pretty insightful to the upcoming designers. Mumbaigloss was completely awed by these creative designers and decided to ask good friend Prerna Makharia Kumar about the latest jewellery trends in the market for the benefit of our readers.  MG: Prerna, you have been a part of this industry for such a long time and recently I heard you talk in the seminar about the various jewellery trends. Can you throw some more light on that please? PMK: Hi Mumbaigloss, I have observed that new trends are created by taking inspiration from the twelve leitmotifs from our Indian culture and history which is Shankha or Conch, Parrot, Lotus, Peacock, Elephant, Flame, Umbrella, Mango,  Creeper, Flower, Sun, and Windows or Jharokhas. The Indian designs have an earthy feel and that is what makes them distinct from the designs across the world.  These days’ statement pieces are much in demand. One metal statement pieces with textures are trending.  MG: Do you mean to say that traditional diamond, coloured gemstones, Meenakari and polki jewellery is out of fashion? PMK: No, these will never go out of fashion. It is according to the needs of the client. A traditional ceremony will require traditional designs like say temple jewellery and a modern set-up or social gathering can have the client sporting the latest trends.  MG: Can you explain more about ‘one metal jewellery with textures’? PMK: Popular metal textures that the jewellery industry is embracing with enthusiasm are hammering, sandblasting, diamond-tool, crisscross satin, matt finish, Florentine finish, etching and laser engraving. Experimenting with metal textures is big this year and in the year ahead it will be “all about the surface”. Various forms of metal textures have, no doubt, been around for a while. However, they have been rudimentary and since women in the 21st century are eager to experiment with different looks, it is essential that the textures are stylish and tasteful. Not only, gold, silver and platinum jewellery will see this trend, in fact designers are experimenting with other metals as well.  Thank you Prerna for giving us a low down on the upcoming trends in the market. It was a pleasure to have you here.  Now this sounds interesting. These one metal textured jewellery pieces look very attractive yet rustic. I am sure big gemstones can be added to these designs to give them glamorous statement appeal. What do think about this trend? Leave a comment below. The seminar on ‘Exotic World of Design, Colours & Trends’ in IIJS 2014 saw eminent jewellery designers Farah Khan Ali, Prerna Makharia, Laksh Pahuja  and Ishu Datwani of Anmol Jewellers talk on creativity, originality and on how to enhance the beauty of jewellery by using coloured gemstones. The seminar was moderated by jewellery designer Gunjan Suri. When asked about the journey of a jewellery piece from the stage of conception, to reality, couture jewellery designer Farah Khan Ali said, “Converting inanimate thoughts into an exquisite piece of jewellery is a long journey and requires deep involvement with karigars on the work bench.”  Laksh Pahuja said, “I engage in research and make hard wax models in silver before passing it onto my craftsmen to make one-off pieces.” Ishu Datwani said, ” Design is just not the look of the piece. It involves important elements like flexibility, detailing, and weight which needs to be integrated to create an excellent piece.” Prerna Makharia Kumar, design developer for Tara Jewellers said, “A designer needs to be very clear in his/her head about what should be the outcome, or else the piece could go awry.”  Farah Khan Ali also mentioned that “Colour gives personality to a design.” The seminar was pretty insightful to the upcoming designers. Mumbaigloss was completely awed by these creative designers and decided to ask good friend Prerna Makharia Kumar about the latest jewellery trends in the market for the benefit of our readers.  MG: Prerna, you have been a part of this industry for such a long time and recently I heard you talk in the seminar about the various jewellery trends. Can you throw some more light on that please? PMK: Hi Mumbaigloss, I have observed that new trends are created by taking inspiration from the twelve leitmotifs from our Indian culture and history which is Shankha or Conch, Parrot, Lotus, Peacock, Elephant, Flame, Umbrella, Mango,  Creeper, Flower, Sun, and Windows or Jharokhas. The Indian designs have an earthy feel and that is what makes them distinct from the designs across the world.  These days’ statement pieces are much in demand. One metal statement pieces with textures are trending.  MG: Do you mean to say that traditional diamond, coloured gemstones, Meenakari and polki jewellery is out of fashion? PMK: No, these will never go out of fashion. It is according to the needs of the client. A traditional ceremony will require traditional designs like say temple jewellery and a modern set-up or social gathering can have the client sporting the latest trends.  MG: Can you explain more about ‘one metal jewellery with textures’? PMK: Popular metal textures that the jewellery industry is embracing with enthusiasm are hammering, sandblasting, diamond-tool, crisscross satin, matt finish, Florentine finish, etching and laser engraving. Experimenting with metal textures is big this year and in the year ahead it will be “all about the surface”. Various forms of metal textures have, no doubt, been around for a while. However, they have been rudimentary and since women in the 21st century are eager to experiment with different looks, it is essential that the textures are stylish and tasteful. Not only, gold, silver and platinum jewellery will see this trend, in fact designers are experimenting with other metals as well.  Thank you Prerna for giving us a low down on the upcoming trends in the market. It was a pleasure to have you here.  Now this sounds interesting. These one metal textured jewellery pieces look very attractive yet rustic. I am sure big gemstones can be added to these designs to give them glamorous statement appeal. What do think about this trend? Leave a comment below. The seminar on ‘Exotic World of Design, Colours & Trends’ in IIJS 2014 saw eminent jewellery designers Farah Khan Ali, Prerna Makharia, Laksh Pahuja  and Ishu Datwani of Anmol Jewellers talk on creativity, originality and on how to enhance the beauty of jewellery by using coloured gemstones. The seminar was moderated by jewellery designer Gunjan Suri. When asked about the journey of a jewellery piece from the stage of conception, to reality, couture jewellery designer Farah Khan Ali said, “Converting inanimate thoughts into an exquisite piece of jewellery is a long journey and requires deep involvement with karigars on the work bench.”  Laksh Pahuja said, “I engage in research and make hard wax models in silver before passing it onto my craftsmen to make one-off pieces.” Ishu Datwani said, ” Design is just not the look of the piece. It involves important elements like flexibility, detailing, and weight which needs to be integrated to create an excellent piece.” Prerna Makharia Kumar, design developer for Tara Jewellers said, “A designer needs to be very clear in his/her head about what should be the outcome, or else the piece could go awry.”  Farah Khan Ali also mentioned that “Colour gives personality to a design.” The seminar was pretty insightful to the upcoming designers. Mumbaigloss was completely awed by these creative designers and decided to ask good friend Prerna Makharia Kumar about the latest jewellery trends in the market for the benefit of our readers.  MG: Prerna, you have been a part of this industry for such a long time and recently I heard you talk in the seminar about the various jewellery trends. Can you throw some more light on that please? PMK: Hi Mumbaigloss, I have observed that new trends are created by taking inspiration from the twelve leitmotifs from our Indian culture and history which is Shankha or Conch, Parrot, Lotus, Peacock, Elephant, Flame, Umbrella, Mango,  Creeper, Flower, Sun, and Windows or Jharokhas. The Indian designs have an earthy feel and that is what makes them distinct from the designs across the world.  These days’ statement pieces are much in demand. One metal statement pieces with textures are trending.  MG: Do you mean to say that traditional diamond, coloured gemstones, Meenakari and polki jewellery is out of fashion? PMK: No, these will never go out of fashion. It is according to the needs of the client. A traditional ceremony will require traditional designs like say temple jewellery and a modern set-up or social gathering can have the client sporting the latest trends.  MG: Can you explain more about ‘one metal jewellery with textures’? PMK: Popular metal textures that the jewellery industry is embracing with enthusiasm are hammering, sandblasting, diamond-tool, crisscross satin, matt finish, Florentine finish, etching and laser engraving. Experimenting with metal textures is big this year and in the year ahead it will be “all about the surface”. Various forms of metal textures have, no doubt, been around for a while. However, they have been rudimentary and since women in the 21st century are eager to experiment with different looks, it is essential that the textures are stylish and tasteful. Not only, gold, silver and platinum jewellery will see this trend, in fact designers are experimenting with other metals as well.  Thank you Prerna for giving us a low down on the upcoming trends in the market. It was a pleasure to have you here.  Now this sounds interesting. These one metal textured jewellery pieces look very attractive yet rustic. I am sure big gemstones can be added to these designs to give them glamorous statement appeal. What do think about this trend? Leave a comment below. The seminar on ‘Exotic World of Design, Colours & Trends’ in IIJS 2014 saw eminent jewellery designers Farah Khan Ali, Prerna Makharia, Laksh Pahuja  and Ishu Datwani of Anmol Jewellers talk on creativity, originality and on how to enhance the beauty of jewellery by using coloured gemstones. The seminar was moderated by jewellery designer Gunjan Suri. When asked about the journey of a jewellery piece from the stage of conception, to reality, couture jewellery designer Farah Khan Ali said, “Converting inanimate thoughts into an exquisite piece of jewellery is a long journey and requires deep involvement with karigars on the work bench.”  Laksh Pahuja said, “I engage in research and make hard wax models in silver before passing it onto my craftsmen to make one-off pieces.” Ishu Datwani said, ” Design is just not the look of the piece. It involves important elements like flexibility, detailing, and weight which needs to be integrated to create an excellent piece.” Prerna Makharia Kumar, design developer for Tara Jewellers said, “A designer needs to be very clear in his/her head about what should be the outcome, or else the piece could go awry.”  Farah Khan Ali also mentioned that “Colour gives personality to a design.” The seminar was pretty insightful to the upcoming designers. Mumbaigloss was completely awed by these creative designers and decided to ask good friend Prerna Makharia Kumar about the latest jewellery trends in the market for the benefit of our readers.  MG: Prerna, you have been a part of this industry for such a long time and recently I heard you talk in the seminar about the various jewellery trends. Can you throw some more light on that please? PMK: Hi Mumbaigloss, I have observed that new trends are created by taking inspiration from the twelve leitmotifs from our Indian culture and history which is Shankha or Conch, Parrot, Lotus, Peacock, Elephant, Flame, Umbrella, Mango,  Creeper, Flower, Sun, and Windows or Jharokhas. The Indian designs have an earthy feel and that is what makes them distinct from the designs across the world.  These days’ statement pieces are much in demand. One metal statement pieces with textures are trending.  MG: Do you mean to say that traditional diamond, coloured gemstones, Meenakari and polki jewellery is out of fashion? PMK: No, these will never go out of fashion. It is according to the needs of the client. A traditional ceremony will require traditional designs like say temple jewellery and a modern set-up or social gathering can have the client sporting the latest trends.  MG: Can you explain more about ‘one metal jewellery with textures’? PMK: Popular metal textures that the jewellery industry is embracing with enthusiasm are hammering, sandblasting, diamond-tool, crisscross satin, matt finish, Florentine finish, etching and laser engraving. Experimenting with metal textures is big this year and in the year ahead it will be “all about the surface”. Various forms of metal textures have, no doubt, been around for a while. However, they have been rudimentary and since women in the 21st century are eager to experiment with different looks, it is essential that the textures are stylish and tasteful. Not only, gold, silver and platinum jewellery will see this trend, in fact designers are experimenting with other metals as well.  Thank you Prerna for giving us a low down on the upcoming trends in the market. It was a pleasure to have you here.  Now this sounds interesting. These one metal textured jewellery pieces look very attractive yet rustic. I am sure big gemstones can be added to these designs to give them glamorous statement appeal. What do think about this trend? Leave a comment below. IIJW 2014 wrapped up with grandeur. Models walked the ramp on the tunes of Bollywood singer Ankit Tiwari who shot to fame with ‘Sun Raha Hai Tu’ from Aashiqui 2 on the last day. Stunning beauty Bipasha Basu, walked the ramp for PC Jewellers and brand ambassador Sonam Kapoor closed the show along with Vipul Shah, Chairman, GJEPC. But there were many other shows which were choreographed with lots of energy and exuberance. Mumbaigloss decided to list top 5 choreographed shows of IIJW 2014 which were worth the watch. 1. Best of Best – Of course, it had to be grand. On the last day, this show presented the best pieces of jewellery from the entire IIJW 2014. Winged angels were perched along the walls of the Ballroom in Hotel Grand Hyatt. Four shimmering columns of crystal streamers glittered from the ceiling to floor. The stage was covered with a giant Zodiac wheel that featured the twelve signs. Sonam Kapoor appeared out of a revolving crystal column and looked like a celestial beauty. The show had everyone spellbound because of live singing by Ankit Tiwari as well as showstopper Bipasha Basu. The show was anchored by handsome Vivan Bathena. The designer for the lovely garments was top Bollywood couturier, Neeta Lulla.  2. Apala by Sumit Sawhney – Apart from the glamour of Sunny Leone, the show left everyone mesmerized with its beautiful theme and amazing background score. Models dressed like royal tribal prince and princess left the audience absolutely entertained. Showstopper Dipti Gujral arrived in a palanquin.  Armour like gigantic design of the jewelery in addition to rustic, tribal look of the models added to the excitement. The fabulous clothes for the collection were by Atithi Gupta. The show was delayed but was worth a watch.  3. Swarvoski – Swarvoski had everyone swooning like ‘baratis’ as the theme was brides across India. The show was choreographed by Achla Sachdev. The ballroom of the Grand Hyatt was turned into a marriage Mandap with dozens of marigold streamers hanging from the ceiling. The ramp edged with a border of marigolds, set the stage for a mega wedding celebrations which featured brides from around the country. In fact, dholis and Bhangra dancers performed on the ramp before introducing the Punjabi bride. Bollywood showstopper, Zarin Khan stepped out of an ornate palanquin, dressed as a Rajasthani bride decked in an amazing giant neckpiece. The garments were designed by top designer Archana Kochhar. The show was very happy and engaging for the audience.   4. Bhirdichand Ghanshyamdas – The show transported the audience to the Mughal era where grand sets were put to create an ambience of a palace. The black acrylic ramp shone under the spotlight looked appealing. The backdrop was a glittering palace with ornate pillars. The walls of the ballroom in the Grand Hyatt were replaced with the intricate mosaic arches and the ambience ensured that the audience was transported into an era of beauty and grandeur of the past. The show opened with an intense monologue by theatre actor Rajit Kapur. Super model Ujjwala Raut opened the show. The gorgeous bridal wear and saris encrusted with elaborate embroidery were by top designers Shyamal and Bhumika.  5. Farah Khan Ali – The show per se was nothing extraordinary apart from the stunning jewellery by Farah Khan Ali. But the amount of Bollywood celebs present in the show made it one of the best shows in IIJW 2014. Bollywood actors, top models and celebs were seen in the front row. The entire khan family was seen supporting the designer. After the event, there were many celebs who posed for the shutter bugs. The show was delayed due to rains and many special guests not reaching the venue on time. But eventually when it happened, it was received with a lot of excitement. The clothes for the show were by top designer Padmashri Wendell Rodricks.  Also, it was commendable to hear Shradha Kapoor sing in her sweet voice for the show of Leading Jewellers of the World – Gitanjali Gems while presenting their collection “Viola Italia”.   IIJW 2014 came to an end and I am already missing it. Which show did you like? Leave a comment below. IIJW 2014 wrapped up with grandeur. Models walked the ramp on the tunes of Bollywood singer Ankit Tiwari who shot to fame with ‘Sun Raha Hai Tu’ from Aashiqui 2 on the last day. Stunning beauty Bipasha Basu, walked the ramp for PC Jewellers and brand ambassador Sonam Kapoor closed the show along with Vipul Shah, Chairman, GJEPC. But there were many other shows which were choreographed with lots of energy and exuberance. Mumbaigloss decided to list top 5 choreographed shows of IIJW 2014 which were worth the watch. 1. Best of Best – Of course, it had to be grand. On the last day, this show presented the best pieces of jewellery from the entire IIJW 2014. Winged angels were perched along the walls of the Ballroom in Hotel Grand Hyatt. Four shimmering columns of crystal streamers glittered from the ceiling to floor. The stage was covered with a giant Zodiac wheel that featured the twelve signs. Sonam Kapoor appeared out of a revolving crystal column and looked like a celestial beauty. The show had everyone spellbound because of live singing by Ankit Tiwari as well as showstopper Bipasha Basu. The show was anchored by handsome Vivan Bathena. The designer for the lovely garments was top Bollywood couturier, Neeta Lulla.  2. Apala by Sumit Sawhney – Apart from the glamour of Sunny Leone, the show left everyone mesmerized with its beautiful theme and amazing background score. Models dressed like royal tribal prince and princess left the audience absolutely entertained. Showstopper Dipti Gujral arrived in a palanquin.  Armour like gigantic design of the jewelery in addition to rustic, tribal look of the models added to the excitement. The fabulous clothes for the collection were by Atithi Gupta. The show was delayed but was worth a watch.  3. Swarvoski – Swarvoski had everyone swooning like ‘baratis’ as the theme was brides across India. The show was choreographed by Achla Sachdev. The ballroom of the Grand Hyatt was turned into a marriage Mandap with dozens of marigold streamers hanging from the ceiling. The ramp edged with a border of marigolds, set the stage for a mega wedding celebrations which featured brides from around the country. In fact, dholis and Bhangra dancers performed on the ramp before introducing the Punjabi bride. Bollywood showstopper, Zarin Khan stepped out of an ornate palanquin, dressed as a Rajasthani bride decked in an amazing giant neckpiece. The garments were designed by top designer Archana Kochhar. The show was very happy and engaging for the audience.   4. Bhirdichand Ghanshyamdas – The show transported the audience to the Mughal era where grand sets were put to create an ambience of a palace. The black acrylic ramp shone under the spotlight looked appealing. The backdrop was a glittering palace with ornate pillars. The walls of the ballroom in the Grand Hyatt were replaced with the intricate mosaic arches and the ambience ensured that the audience was transported into an era of beauty and grandeur of the past. The show opened with an intense monologue by theatre actor Rajit Kapur. Super model Ujjwala Raut opened the show. The gorgeous bridal wear and saris encrusted with elaborate embroidery were by top designers Shyamal and Bhumika.  5. Farah Khan Ali – The show per se was nothing extraordinary apart from the stunning jewellery by Farah Khan Ali. But the amount of Bollywood celebs present in the show made it one of the best shows in IIJW 2014. Bollywood actors, top models and celebs were seen in the front row. The entire khan family was seen supporting the designer. After the event, there were many celebs who posed for the shutter bugs. The show was delayed due to rains and many special guests not reaching the venue on time. But eventually when it happened, it was received with a lot of excitement. The clothes for the show were by top designer Padmashri Wendell Rodricks.  Also, it was commendable to hear Shradha Kapoor sing in her sweet voice for the show of Leading Jewellers of the World – Gitanjali Gems while presenting their collection “Viola Italia”.   IIJW 2014 came to an end and I am already missing it. Which show did you like? Leave a comment below. IIJW 2014 wrapped up with grandeur. Models walked the ramp on the tunes of Bollywood singer Ankit Tiwari who shot to fame with ‘Sun Raha Hai Tu’ from Aashiqui 2 on the last day. Stunning beauty Bipasha Basu, walked the ramp for PC Jewellers and brand ambassador Sonam Kapoor closed the show along with Vipul Shah, Chairman, GJEPC. But there were many other shows which were choreographed with lots of energy and exuberance. Mumbaigloss decided to list top 5 choreographed shows of IIJW 2014 which were worth the watch. 1. Best of Best – Of course, it had to be grand. On the last day, this show presented the best pieces of jewellery from the entire IIJW 2014. Winged angels were perched along the walls of the Ballroom in Hotel Grand Hyatt. Four shimmering columns of crystal streamers glittered from the ceiling to floor. The stage was covered with a giant Zodiac wheel that featured the twelve signs. Sonam Kapoor appeared out of a revolving crystal column and looked like a celestial beauty. The show had everyone spellbound because of live singing by Ankit Tiwari as well as showstopper Bipasha Basu. The show was anchored by handsome Vivan Bathena. The designer for the lovely garments was top Bollywood couturier, Neeta Lulla.  2. Apala by Sumit Sawhney – Apart from the glamour of Sunny Leone, the show left everyone mesmerized with its beautiful theme and amazing background score. Models dressed like royal tribal prince and princess left the audience absolutely entertained. Showstopper Dipti Gujral arrived in a palanquin.  Armour like gigantic design of the jewelery in addition to rustic, tribal look of the models added to the excitement. The fabulous clothes for the collection were by Atithi Gupta. The show was delayed but was worth a watch.  3. Swarvoski – Swarvoski had everyone swooning like ‘baratis’ as the theme was brides across India. The show was choreographed by Achla Sachdev. The ballroom of the Grand Hyatt was turned into a marriage Mandap with dozens of marigold streamers hanging from the ceiling. The ramp edged with a border of marigolds, set the stage for a mega wedding celebrations which featured brides from around the country. In fact, dholis and Bhangra dancers performed on the ramp before introducing the Punjabi bride. Bollywood showstopper, Zarin Khan stepped out of an ornate palanquin, dressed as a Rajasthani bride decked in an amazing giant neckpiece. The garments were designed by top designer Archana Kochhar. The show was very happy and engaging for the audience.   4. Bhirdichand Ghanshyamdas – The show transported the audience to the Mughal era where grand sets were put to create an ambience of a palace. The black acrylic ramp shone under the spotlight looked appealing. The backdrop was a glittering palace with ornate pillars. The walls of the ballroom in the Grand Hyatt were replaced with the intricate mosaic arches and the ambience ensured that the audience was transported into an era of beauty and grandeur of the past. The show opened with an intense monologue by theatre actor Rajit Kapur. Super model Ujjwala Raut opened the show. The gorgeous bridal wear and saris encrusted with elaborate embroidery were by top designers Shyamal and Bhumika.  5. Farah Khan Ali – The show per se was nothing extraordinary apart from the stunning jewellery by Farah Khan Ali. But the amount of Bollywood celebs present in the show made it one of the best shows in IIJW 2014. Bollywood actors, top models and celebs were seen in the front row. The entire khan family was seen supporting the designer. After the event, there were many celebs who posed for the shutter bugs. The show was delayed due to rains and many special guests not reaching the venue on time. But eventually when it happened, it was received with a lot of excitement. The clothes for the show were by top designer Padmashri Wendell Rodricks.  Also, it was commendable to hear Shradha Kapoor sing in her sweet voice for the show of Leading Jewellers of the World – Gitanjali Gems while presenting their collection “Viola Italia”.   IIJW 2014 came to an end and I am already missing it. Which show did you like? Leave a comment below. IIJW 2014 wrapped up with grandeur. Models walked the ramp on the tunes of Bollywood singer Ankit Tiwari who shot to fame with ‘Sun Raha Hai Tu’ from Aashiqui 2 on the last day. Stunning beauty Bipasha Basu, walked the ramp for PC Jewellers and brand ambassador Sonam Kapoor closed the show along with Vipul Shah, Chairman, GJEPC. But there were many other shows which were choreographed with lots of energy and exuberance. Mumbaigloss decided to list top 5 choreographed shows of IIJW 2014 which were worth the watch. 1. Best of Best – Of course, it had to be grand. On the last day, this show presented the best pieces of jewellery from the entire IIJW 2014. Winged angels were perched along the walls of the Ballroom in Hotel Grand Hyatt. Four shimmering columns of crystal streamers glittered from the ceiling to floor. The stage was covered with a giant Zodiac wheel that featured the twelve signs. Sonam Kapoor appeared out of a revolving crystal column and looked like a celestial beauty. The show had everyone spellbound because of live singing by Ankit Tiwari as well as showstopper Bipasha Basu. The show was anchored by handsome Vivan Bathena. The designer for the lovely garments was top Bollywood couturier, Neeta Lulla.  2. Apala by Sumit Sawhney – Apart from the glamour of Sunny Leone, the show left everyone mesmerized with its beautiful theme and amazing background score. Models dressed like royal tribal prince and princess left the audience absolutely entertained. Showstopper Dipti Gujral arrived in a palanquin.  Armour like gigantic design of the jewelery in addition to rustic, tribal look of the models added to the excitement. The fabulous clothes for the collection were by Atithi Gupta. The show was delayed but was worth a watch.  3. Swarvoski – Swarvoski had everyone swooning like ‘baratis’ as the theme was brides across India. The show was choreographed by Achla Sachdev. The ballroom of the Grand Hyatt was turned into a marriage Mandap with dozens of marigold streamers hanging from the ceiling. The ramp edged with a border of marigolds, set the stage for a mega wedding celebrations which featured brides from around the country. In fact, dholis and Bhangra dancers performed on the ramp before introducing the Punjabi bride. Bollywood showstopper, Zarin Khan stepped out of an ornate palanquin, dressed as a Rajasthani bride decked in an amazing giant neckpiece. The garments were designed by top designer Archana Kochhar. The show was very happy and engaging for the audience.   4. Bhirdichand Ghanshyamdas – The show transported the audience to the Mughal era where grand sets were put to create an ambience of a palace. The black acrylic ramp shone under the spotlight looked appealing. The backdrop was a glittering palace with ornate pillars. The walls of the ballroom in the Grand Hyatt were replaced with the intricate mosaic arches and the ambience ensured that the audience was transported into an era of beauty and grandeur of the past. The show opened with an intense monologue by theatre actor Rajit Kapur. Super model Ujjwala Raut opened the show. The gorgeous bridal wear and saris encrusted with elaborate embroidery were by top designers Shyamal and Bhumika.  5. Farah Khan Ali – The show per se was nothing extraordinary apart from the stunning jewellery by Farah Khan Ali. But the amount of Bollywood celebs present in the show made it one of the best shows in IIJW 2014. Bollywood actors, top models and celebs were seen in the front row. The entire khan family was seen supporting the designer. After the event, there were many celebs who posed for the shutter bugs. The show was delayed due to rains and many special guests not reaching the venue on time. But eventually when it happened, it was received with a lot of excitement. The clothes for the show were by top designer Padmashri Wendell Rodricks.  Also, it was commendable to hear Shradha Kapoor sing in her sweet voice for the show of Leading Jewellers of the World – Gitanjali Gems while presenting their collection “Viola Italia”.   IIJW 2014 came to an end and I am already missing it. Which show did you like? Leave a comment below. Mumbaigloss witnessed some of the most innovative designs and intricate craftsmanship during IIJW 2014. Most of the jewellery designers had presented the best of their products during the show. And it was indeed overwhelming for a jewellery lover like me who is easily absorbed into the sparkle of the diamonds and the gleam of gold. But of course, there were a few designs which simply stood out from the rest. And those made a strong statement during IIJW 2014. Here are my top 5 jewellery designers of this season.  1. My first vote goes to Laksh Pahuja. All his designs are full of awesomeness. Be it the Titanic necklace or the Falcon head wear. His designs are unique, artistic and very innovative. You can say that his designs are out-of-the-box. His collection, ‘Luminous’ was presented in association with Gemological Science International (GSI) at IIJW 2014. The collection included cuffs and bangles in 18K and 22K gold studded with diamonds and coloured stones.  For the finale it was the hair piece inspired by the Palm Jumeirah in Dubai showing a bird’s eye view of the iconic location that ended with a falcon, the national bird of UAE perched on the head of the model. The hair piece weighs more than one kilo and is created in gold and silver, encrusted with superb rubies, sapphires black/champagne diamonds, cabochon moonstones and coloured enamel work. What a work of art!  2. Apala which means ‘the beautiful one’ in Sanskrit is a brand by Sumit Sawhney. It showcased the collection “The Royal Tribe” at IIJW 2014 which was simply outstanding. African cave art was given the kundan touch along with African wires design and hexagon green tourmalines to go with the theme. Created with fine silver and studded with precious and semi-precious stones layered with 22 karat gold, the collection looked very stylish.It featured giant necklaces, nose rings and Maang Tikkas. Chunky cummerbunds, ear cuffs and shields added to its rustic appeal. The very innovative reverse Maang Tikka over the nose was a tantalising addition to the show. Statement rings, tasselled ruby pendants at the end of chains, elephants and giant circles graduated into neckpieces. The Haath Phools were great in size and design. Filigree with gemstones like ruby, sapphire, turquoise and blue sapphire looked opulent.   3. Farah Khan Ali – I have met her in the past during one of her visits to GIA India and since then I have started admiring her even more as a creative designer. But nothing beats her fine jewellery and global designs. Her designs appeals to the modern woman who loves sophistication. Her jewellery will ideally suit launches, lunches, presentations, parties as well as haute couture events. Her collection called “Quaintrelle” was showcased by the Gemmological Institute of India during IIJW 2014 which included statement jewellery with diamonds, rubies, emeralds and precious stones. Cocktail floral rings, shimmering hoops with tassels for the ears, rows of rubies with an artistic bow pendant and bangles flecked with pearls and diamonds, were remarkable. Hoops were looped together with a discreet glitter, while rows of emerald were cinched with jewelled centres. Diamond chains had a collage of emerald leaves, strands of pearls had a burst of floral bouquet and chokers were given side slashes for a trendy look.  Have a look at her brand introduction video- ‘I live to design’:   4. Shobhana Choksey – Bridal jewellery never looked more resplendent than “The Neesha Collection” from Shobha Shringar Jewellers which captivated the audience at the India International Jewellery Week 2014. From small beginnings nearly 25 years ago, selling pearls and silver jewellery from her home, Shobhana Choksey created Shobha Shringar Jewellers, one of the most valued brands for bridal jewellery in India. Preserving India’s jewellery heritage in the designs, the show continued with gorgeous ethnic antique jewellery, which will surely turn into heirlooms. The ‘U’ shaped Raani Haar, the draped gold beaded necklace, paisley pendant at the centre of a gold neckpiece were very attractive. Pendants were given pride of place like the black carved Ganesha on a stunning Raani Haar. Kadas made strong fashion statements and cuffs were kept between elegant bangles. Earrings moved from chandbalis edged with tiny gems to danglers or shoulder dusters. The assortment of rings was impressive with floral, abstract and traditional designs vying for the attention of the audience. 5. Indra Jadwani – Emerald Jewel Industry India Ltd.’s gorgeous necklace which was draped over one shoulder in ripples and waves just stole the show. Very innovative and sparkling design that looked delicate yet elegant. The “Athena” Designer Diamond Jewellery collection created by Indra Jadwani had a dazzling array of necklaces, earrings, bracelets, at times flecked with rubies and emeralds, were impressive. Delicately crafted cuffs, chandeliers, with diamond droplets, strings of the shimmering gems clasped with a centre pendant were attractive. Most of the designs were classic statement pieces except for the one shoulder necklace which stood out from the rest.  I saw such breathtaking beautiful pieces during IIJW 2014! I am still bedazzled by its sparkle. Which one did you like? Leave a comment below. Mumbaigloss witnessed some of the most innovative designs and intricate craftsmanship during IIJW 2014. Most of the jewellery designers had presented the best of their products during the show. And it was indeed overwhelming for a jewellery lover like me who is easily absorbed into the sparkle of the diamonds and the gleam of gold. But of course, there were a few designs which simply stood out from the rest. And those made a strong statement during IIJW 2014. Here are my top 5 jewellery designers of this season.  1. My first vote goes to Laksh Pahuja. All his designs are full of awesomeness. Be it the Titanic necklace or the Falcon head wear. His designs are unique, artistic and very innovative. You can say that his designs are out-of-the-box. His collection, ‘Luminous’ was presented in association with Gemological Science International (GSI) at IIJW 2014. The collection included cuffs and bangles in 18K and 22K gold studded with diamonds and coloured stones.  For the finale it was the hair piece inspired by the Palm Jumeirah in Dubai showing a bird’s eye view of the iconic location that ended with a falcon, the national bird of UAE perched on the head of the model. The hair piece weighs more than one kilo and is created in gold and silver, encrusted with superb rubies, sapphires black/champagne diamonds, cabochon moonstones and coloured enamel work. What a work of art!  2. Apala which means ‘the beautiful one’ in Sanskrit is a brand by Sumit Sawhney. It showcased the collection “The Royal Tribe” at IIJW 2014 which was simply outstanding. African cave art was given the kundan touch along with African wires design and hexagon green tourmalines to go with the theme. Created with fine silver and studded with precious and semi-precious stones layered with 22 karat gold, the collection looked very stylish.It featured giant necklaces, nose rings and Maang Tikkas. Chunky cummerbunds, ear cuffs and shields added to its rustic appeal. The very innovative reverse Maang Tikka over the nose was a tantalising addition to the show. Statement rings, tasselled ruby pendants at the end of chains, elephants and giant circles graduated into neckpieces. The Haath Phools were great in size and design. Filigree with gemstones like ruby, sapphire, turquoise and blue sapphire looked opulent.   3. Farah Khan Ali – I have met her in the past during one of her visits to GIA India and since then I have started admiring her even more as a creative designer. But nothing beats her fine jewellery and global designs. Her designs appeals to the modern woman who loves sophistication. Her jewellery will ideally suit launches, lunches, presentations, parties as well as haute couture events. Her collection called “Quaintrelle” was showcased by the Gemmological Institute of India during IIJW 2014 which included statement jewellery with diamonds, rubies, emeralds and precious stones. Cocktail floral rings, shimmering hoops with tassels for the ears, rows of rubies with an artistic bow pendant and bangles flecked with pearls and diamonds, were remarkable. Hoops were looped together with a discreet glitter, while rows of emerald were cinched with jewelled centres. Diamond chains had a collage of emerald leaves, strands of pearls had a burst of floral bouquet and chokers were given side slashes for a trendy look.  Have a look at her brand introduction video- ‘I live to design’:   4. Shobhana Choksey – Bridal jewellery never looked more resplendent than “The Neesha Collection” from Shobha Shringar Jewellers which captivated the audience at the India International Jewellery Week 2014. From small beginnings nearly 25 years ago, selling pearls and silver jewellery from her home, Shobhana Choksey created Shobha Shringar Jewellers, one of the most valued brands for bridal jewellery in India. Preserving India’s jewellery heritage in the designs, the show continued with gorgeous ethnic antique jewellery, which will surely turn into heirlooms. The ‘U’ shaped Raani Haar, the draped gold beaded necklace, paisley pendant at the centre of a gold neckpiece were very attractive. Pendants were given pride of place like the black carved Ganesha on a stunning Raani Haar. Kadas made strong fashion statements and cuffs were kept between elegant bangles. Earrings moved from chandbalis edged with tiny gems to danglers or shoulder dusters. The assortment of rings was impressive with floral, abstract and traditional designs vying for the attention of the audience. 5. Indra Jadwani – Emerald Jewel Industry India Ltd.’s gorgeous necklace which was draped over one shoulder in ripples and waves just stole the show. Very innovative and sparkling design that looked delicate yet elegant. The “Athena” Designer Diamond Jewellery collection created by Indra Jadwani had a dazzling array of necklaces, earrings, bracelets, at times flecked with rubies and emeralds, were impressive. Delicately crafted cuffs, chandeliers, with diamond droplets, strings of the shimmering gems clasped with a centre pendant were attractive. Most of the designs were classic statement pieces except for the one shoulder necklace which stood out from the rest.  I saw such breathtaking beautiful pieces during IIJW 2014! I am still bedazzled by its sparkle. Which one did you like? Leave a comment below. Mumbaigloss witnessed some of the most innovative designs and intricate craftsmanship during IIJW 2014. Most of the jewellery designers had presented the best of their products during the show. And it was indeed overwhelming for a jewellery lover like me who is easily absorbed into the sparkle of the diamonds and the gleam of gold. But of course, there were a few designs which simply stood out from the rest. And those made a strong statement during IIJW 2014. Here are my top 5 jewellery designers of this season.  1. My first vote goes to Laksh Pahuja. All his designs are full of awesomeness. Be it the Titanic necklace or the Falcon head wear. His designs are unique, artistic and very innovative. You can say that his designs are out-of-the-box. His collection, ‘Luminous’ was presented in association with Gemological Science International (GSI) at IIJW 2014. The collection included cuffs and bangles in 18K and 22K gold studded with diamonds and coloured stones.  For the finale it was the hair piece inspired by the Palm Jumeirah in Dubai showing a bird’s eye view of the iconic location that ended with a falcon, the national bird of UAE perched on the head of the model. The hair piece weighs more than one kilo and is created in gold and silver, encrusted with superb rubies, sapphires black/champagne diamonds, cabochon moonstones and coloured enamel work. What a work of art!  2. Apala which means ‘the beautiful one’ in Sanskrit is a brand by Sumit Sawhney. It showcased the collection “The Royal Tribe” at IIJW 2014 which was simply outstanding. African cave art was given the kundan touch along with African wires design and hexagon green tourmalines to go with the theme. Created with fine silver and studded with precious and semi-precious stones layered with 22 karat gold, the collection looked very stylish.It featured giant necklaces, nose rings and Maang Tikkas. Chunky cummerbunds, ear cuffs and shields added to its rustic appeal. The very innovative reverse Maang Tikka over the nose was a tantalising addition to the show. Statement rings, tasselled ruby pendants at the end of chains, elephants and giant circles graduated into neckpieces. The Haath Phools were great in size and design. Filigree with gemstones like ruby, sapphire, turquoise and blue sapphire looked opulent.   3. Farah Khan Ali – I have met her in the past during one of her visits to GIA India and since then I have started admiring her even more as a creative designer. But nothing beats her fine jewellery and global designs. Her designs appeals to the modern woman who loves sophistication. Her jewellery will ideally suit launches, lunches, presentations, parties as well as haute couture events. Her collection called “Quaintrelle” was showcased by the Gemmological Institute of India during IIJW 2014 which included statement jewellery with diamonds, rubies, emeralds and precious stones. Cocktail floral rings, shimmering hoops with tassels for the ears, rows of rubies with an artistic bow pendant and bangles flecked with pearls and diamonds, were remarkable. Hoops were looped together with a discreet glitter, while rows of emerald were cinched with jewelled centres. Diamond chains had a collage of emerald leaves, strands of pearls had a burst of floral bouquet and chokers were given side slashes for a trendy look.  Have a look at her brand introduction video- ‘I live to design’:   4. Shobhana Choksey – Bridal jewellery never looked more resplendent than “The Neesha Collection” from Shobha Shringar Jewellers which captivated the audience at the India International Jewellery Week 2014. From small beginnings nearly 25 years ago, selling pearls and silver jewellery from her home, Shobhana Choksey created Shobha Shringar Jewellers, one of the most valued brands for bridal jewellery in India. Preserving India’s jewellery heritage in the designs, the show continued with gorgeous ethnic antique jewellery, which will surely turn into heirlooms. The ‘U’ shaped Raani Haar, the draped gold beaded necklace, paisley pendant at the centre of a gold neckpiece were very attractive. Pendants were given pride of place like the black carved Ganesha on a stunning Raani Haar. Kadas made strong fashion statements and cuffs were kept between elegant bangles. Earrings moved from chandbalis edged with tiny gems to danglers or shoulder dusters. The assortment of rings was impressive with floral, abstract and traditional designs vying for the attention of the audience. 5. Indra Jadwani – Emerald Jewel Industry India Ltd.’s gorgeous necklace which was draped over one shoulder in ripples and waves just stole the show. Very innovative and sparkling design that looked delicate yet elegant. The “Athena” Designer Diamond Jewellery collection created by Indra Jadwani had a dazzling array of necklaces, earrings, bracelets, at times flecked with rubies and emeralds, were impressive. Delicately crafted cuffs, chandeliers, with diamond droplets, strings of the shimmering gems clasped with a centre pendant were attractive. Most of the designs were classic statement pieces except for the one shoulder necklace which stood out from the rest.  I saw such breathtaking beautiful pieces during IIJW 2014! I am still bedazzled by its sparkle. Which one did you like? Leave a comment below. Mumbaigloss witnessed some of the most innovative designs and intricate craftsmanship during IIJW 2014. Most of the jewellery designers had presented the best of their products during the show. And it was indeed overwhelming for a jewellery lover like me who is easily absorbed into the sparkle of the diamonds and the gleam of gold. But of course, there were a few designs which simply stood out from the rest. And those made a strong statement during IIJW 2014. Here are my top 5 jewellery designers of this season.  1. My first vote goes to Laksh Pahuja. All his designs are full of awesomeness. Be it the Titanic necklace or the Falcon head wear. His designs are unique, artistic and very innovative. You can say that his designs are out-of-the-box. His collection, ‘Luminous’ was presented in association with Gemological Science International (GSI) at IIJW 2014. The collection included cuffs and bangles in 18K and 22K gold studded with diamonds and coloured stones.  For the finale it was the hair piece inspired by the Palm Jumeirah in Dubai showing a bird’s eye view of the iconic location that ended with a falcon, the national bird of UAE perched on the head of the model. The hair piece weighs more than one kilo and is created in gold and silver, encrusted with superb rubies, sapphires black/champagne diamonds, cabochon moonstones and coloured enamel work. What a work of art!  2. Apala which means ‘the beautiful one’ in Sanskrit is a brand by Sumit Sawhney. It showcased the collection “The Royal Tribe” at IIJW 2014 which was simply outstanding. African cave art was given the kundan touch along with African wires design and hexagon green tourmalines to go with the theme. Created with fine silver and studded with precious and semi-precious stones layered with 22 karat gold, the collection looked very stylish.It featured giant necklaces, nose rings and Maang Tikkas. Chunky cummerbunds, ear cuffs and shields added to its rustic appeal. The very innovative reverse Maang Tikka over the nose was a tantalising addition to the show. Statement rings, tasselled ruby pendants at the end of chains, elephants and giant circles graduated into neckpieces. The Haath Phools were great in size and design. Filigree with gemstones like ruby, sapphire, turquoise and blue sapphire looked opulent.   3. Farah Khan Ali – I have met her in the past during one of her visits to GIA India and since then I have started admiring her even more as a creative designer. But nothing beats her fine jewellery and global designs. Her designs appeals to the modern woman who loves sophistication. Her jewellery will ideally suit launches, lunches, presentations, parties as well as haute couture events. Her collection called “Quaintrelle” was showcased by the Gemmological Institute of India during IIJW 2014 which included statement jewellery with diamonds, rubies, emeralds and precious stones. Cocktail floral rings, shimmering hoops with tassels for the ears, rows of rubies with an artistic bow pendant and bangles flecked with pearls and diamonds, were remarkable. Hoops were looped together with a discreet glitter, while rows of emerald were cinched with jewelled centres. Diamond chains had a collage of emerald leaves, strands of pearls had a burst of floral bouquet and chokers were given side slashes for a trendy look.  Have a look at her brand introduction video- ‘I live to design’:   4. Shobhana Choksey – Bridal jewellery never looked more resplendent than “The Neesha Collection” from Shobha Shringar Jewellers which captivated the audience at the India International Jewellery Week 2014. From small beginnings nearly 25 years ago, selling pearls and silver jewellery from her home, Shobhana Choksey created Shobha Shringar Jewellers, one of the most valued brands for bridal jewellery in India. Preserving India’s jewellery heritage in the designs, the show continued with gorgeous ethnic antique jewellery, which will surely turn into heirlooms. The ‘U’ shaped Raani Haar, the draped gold beaded necklace, paisley pendant at the centre of a gold neckpiece were very attractive. Pendants were given pride of place like the black carved Ganesha on a stunning Raani Haar. Kadas made strong fashion statements and cuffs were kept between elegant bangles. Earrings moved from chandbalis edged with tiny gems to danglers or shoulder dusters. The assortment of rings was impressive with floral, abstract and traditional designs vying for the attention of the audience. 5. Indra Jadwani – Emerald Jewel Industry India Ltd.’s gorgeous necklace which was draped over one shoulder in ripples and waves just stole the show. Very innovative and sparkling design that looked delicate yet elegant. The “Athena” Designer Diamond Jewellery collection created by Indra Jadwani had a dazzling array of necklaces, earrings, bracelets, at times flecked with rubies and emeralds, were impressive. Delicately crafted cuffs, chandeliers, with diamond droplets, strings of the shimmering gems clasped with a centre pendant were attractive. Most of the designs were classic statement pieces except for the one shoulder necklace which stood out from the rest.  I saw such breathtaking beautiful pieces during IIJW 2014! I am still bedazzled by its sparkle. Which one did you like? Leave a comment below. Last week was pretty busy for Mumbaigloss as it attended India International Jewellery Week (IIJW) 2014 between 14-17July at Grand Hyatt, Mumbai. This once a year show is the most awaited by the Indian gems and jewellery industry as top designers and companies showcase their craft to the masses. This year there were many celeb show stoppers such as Parineeti Chopra, Sridevi, Shraddha Kapoor, Sunny Leone, Raveena Tandon, Kalki Koechlin, Yami Gautam, Esha Gupta, Neha Dhupia, Amisha Patel, etc. adding the oomph factor to IIJW 2014. The closing ceremony was presented by Bipasha Basu and IIJW brand ambassador Sonam Kapoor. No one can beat Sonam Kapoor when it comes to making a style statement. But apart from her, the ones who created immense flutter for the shutterbugs are my top 5 showstoppers from the event.  1. Director/actor/model Divya Khosla of T-Series and Yaarian fame stopped the show with her electrifying entry wearing a grand three-strand pearl necklace and a diamond choker, lace cuffs and rings for PN Gadgil. She created a look like Katy Perry and was extremely playful on the ramp. She might not be regular on the runway but she certainly stirred a lot of interest.  2. Chitrangada Singh, Bollywood’s glamorous diva made a lovely showstopper for Moni Agarwal presented by Solitaire Gemological Laboratories. She looked beautiful in her desi avatar. Her nose ring garnered a lot of fan following; a new trend, which we might soon see on the high-street fashion radar. She walked the ramp wearing a dazzling Raani Haar, studded diamond collar, intricate cummerbund, nose ring, Haath Phool and bracelet from the collection.  3. Sridevi was the showstopper for Golecha Jewels and looked ethereal in her Indian attire. The evergreen actress walked the ramp wearing a regal diamond Raani Haar with a grand square gleaming pendant, matching earrings, bracelet and ring. Vijay and Rupali Golecha couldn’t have found a better showstopper for their collection which is a good balance between vintage and modern.  4. In the grand finale, Best–of–the–best, stunning Bipasha Basu closed the show for PC Jewellers. She wore a luxurious green embroidered net lehenga/ maroon blouse and modelled a gorgeous polki Raani Haar, shoulder dusters, bangles and an impressive cocktail ring. She looked like a “queen” in her own words.  5. Sunny Leone opened the show for Apala by Sumit Sawhney to showcase his collection ‘The Royal Tribe’ in an opulent Victorian neckpiece with elements of the Hasli with gold claws adding the tribal touch to it. Bringing extra drama was the rear piece with an amazing wreath effect in jade along with beautiful anklets and head piece.  Raveena Tandon and Kalki Koechlin were also impressive. Who do you think was the best showstopper at IIJW 2014? Leave a comment below. Last week was pretty busy for Mumbaigloss as it attended India International Jewellery Week (IIJW) 2014 between 14-17July at Grand Hyatt, Mumbai. This once a year show is the most awaited by the Indian gems and jewellery industry as top designers and companies showcase their craft to the masses. This year there were many celeb show stoppers such as Parineeti Chopra, Sridevi, Shraddha Kapoor, Sunny Leone, Raveena Tandon, Kalki Koechlin, Yami Gautam, Esha Gupta, Neha Dhupia, Amisha Patel, etc. adding the oomph factor to IIJW 2014. The closing ceremony was presented by Bipasha Basu and IIJW brand ambassador Sonam Kapoor. No one can beat Sonam Kapoor when it comes to making a style statement. But apart from her, the ones who created immense flutter for the shutterbugs are my top 5 showstoppers from the event.  1. Director/actor/model Divya Khosla of T-Series and Yaarian fame stopped the show with her electrifying entry wearing a grand three-strand pearl necklace and a diamond choker, lace cuffs and rings for PN Gadgil. She created a look like Katy Perry and was extremely playful on the ramp. She might not be regular on the runway but she certainly stirred a lot of interest.  2. Chitrangada Singh, Bollywood’s glamorous diva made a lovely showstopper for Moni Agarwal presented by Solitaire Gemological Laboratories. She looked beautiful in her desi avatar. Her nose ring garnered a lot of fan following; a new trend, which we might soon see on the high-street fashion radar. She walked the ramp wearing a dazzling Raani Haar, studded diamond collar, intricate cummerbund, nose ring, Haath Phool and bracelet from the collection.  3. Sridevi was the showstopper for Golecha Jewels and looked ethereal in her Indian attire. The evergreen actress walked the ramp wearing a regal diamond Raani Haar with a grand square gleaming pendant, matching earrings, bracelet and ring. Vijay and Rupali Golecha couldn’t have found a better showstopper for their collection which is a good balance between vintage and modern.  4. In the grand finale, Best–of–the–best, stunning Bipasha Basu closed the show for PC Jewellers. She wore a luxurious green embroidered net lehenga/ maroon blouse and modelled a gorgeous polki Raani Haar, shoulder dusters, bangles and an impressive cocktail ring. She looked like a “queen” in her own words.  5. Sunny Leone opened the show for Apala by Sumit Sawhney to showcase his collection ‘The Royal Tribe’ in an opulent Victorian neckpiece with elements of the Hasli with gold claws adding the tribal touch to it. Bringing extra drama was the rear piece with an amazing wreath effect in jade along with beautiful anklets and head piece.  Raveena Tandon and Kalki Koechlin were also impressive. Who do you think was the best showstopper at IIJW 2014? Leave a comment below. Last week was pretty busy for Mumbaigloss as it attended India International Jewellery Week (IIJW) 2014 between 14-17July at Grand Hyatt, Mumbai. This once a year show is the most awaited by the Indian gems and jewellery industry as top designers and companies showcase their craft to the masses. This year there were many celeb show stoppers such as Parineeti Chopra, Sridevi, Shraddha Kapoor, Sunny Leone, Raveena Tandon, Kalki Koechlin, Yami Gautam, Esha Gupta, Neha Dhupia, Amisha Patel, etc. adding the oomph factor to IIJW 2014. The closing ceremony was presented by Bipasha Basu and IIJW brand ambassador Sonam Kapoor. No one can beat Sonam Kapoor when it comes to making a style statement. But apart from her, the ones who created immense flutter for the shutterbugs are my top 5 showstoppers from the event.  1. Director/actor/model Divya Khosla of T-Series and Yaarian fame stopped the show with her electrifying entry wearing a grand three-strand pearl necklace and a diamond choker, lace cuffs and rings for PN Gadgil. She created a look like Katy Perry and was extremely playful on the ramp. She might not be regular on the runway but she certainly stirred a lot of interest.  2. Chitrangada Singh, Bollywood’s glamorous diva made a lovely showstopper for Moni Agarwal presented by Solitaire Gemological Laboratories. She looked beautiful in her desi avatar. Her nose ring garnered a lot of fan following; a new trend, which we might soon see on the high-street fashion radar. She walked the ramp wearing a dazzling Raani Haar, studded diamond collar, intricate cummerbund, nose ring, Haath Phool and bracelet from the collection.  3. Sridevi was the showstopper for Golecha Jewels and looked ethereal in her Indian attire. The evergreen actress walked the ramp wearing a regal diamond Raani Haar with a grand square gleaming pendant, matching earrings, bracelet and ring. Vijay and Rupali Golecha couldn’t have found a better showstopper for their collection which is a good balance between vintage and modern.  4. In the grand finale, Best–of–the–best, stunning Bipasha Basu closed the show for PC Jewellers. She wore a luxurious green embroidered net lehenga/ maroon blouse and modelled a gorgeous polki Raani Haar, shoulder dusters, bangles and an impressive cocktail ring. She looked like a “queen” in her own words.  5. Sunny Leone opened the show for Apala by Sumit Sawhney to showcase his collection ‘The Royal Tribe’ in an opulent Victorian neckpiece with elements of the Hasli with gold claws adding the tribal touch to it. Bringing extra drama was the rear piece with an amazing wreath effect in jade along with beautiful anklets and head piece.  Raveena Tandon and Kalki Koechlin were also impressive. Who do you think was the best showstopper at IIJW 2014? Leave a comment below. Last week was pretty busy for Mumbaigloss as it attended India International Jewellery Week (IIJW) 2014 between 14-17July at Grand Hyatt, Mumbai. This once a year show is the most awaited by the Indian gems and jewellery industry as top designers and companies showcase their craft to the masses. This year there were many celeb show stoppers such as Parineeti Chopra, Sridevi, Shraddha Kapoor, Sunny Leone, Raveena Tandon, Kalki Koechlin, Yami Gautam, Esha Gupta, Neha Dhupia, Amisha Patel, etc. adding the oomph factor to IIJW 2014. The closing ceremony was presented by Bipasha Basu and IIJW brand ambassador Sonam Kapoor. No one can beat Sonam Kapoor when it comes to making a style statement. But apart from her, the ones who created immense flutter for the shutterbugs are my top 5 showstoppers from the event.  1. Director/actor/model Divya Khosla of T-Series and Yaarian fame stopped the show with her electrifying entry wearing a grand three-strand pearl necklace and a diamond choker, lace cuffs and rings for PN Gadgil. She created a look like Katy Perry and was extremely playful on the ramp. She might not be regular on the runway but she certainly stirred a lot of interest.  2. Chitrangada Singh, Bollywood’s glamorous diva made a lovely showstopper for Moni Agarwal presented by Solitaire Gemological Laboratories. She looked beautiful in her desi avatar. Her nose ring garnered a lot of fan following; a new trend, which we might soon see on the high-street fashion radar. She walked the ramp wearing a dazzling Raani Haar, studded diamond collar, intricate cummerbund, nose ring, Haath Phool and bracelet from the collection.  3. Sridevi was the showstopper for Golecha Jewels and looked ethereal in her Indian attire. The evergreen actress walked the ramp wearing a regal diamond Raani Haar with a grand square gleaming pendant, matching earrings, bracelet and ring. Vijay and Rupali Golecha couldn’t have found a better showstopper for their collection which is a good balance between vintage and modern.  4. In the grand finale, Best–of–the–best, stunning Bipasha Basu closed the show for PC Jewellers. She wore a luxurious green embroidered net lehenga/ maroon blouse and modelled a gorgeous polki Raani Haar, shoulder dusters, bangles and an impressive cocktail ring. She looked like a “queen” in her own words.  5. Sunny Leone opened the show for Apala by Sumit Sawhney to showcase his collection ‘The Royal Tribe’ in an opulent Victorian neckpiece with elements of the Hasli with gold claws adding the tribal touch to it. Bringing extra drama was the rear piece with an amazing wreath effect in jade along with beautiful anklets and head piece.  Raveena Tandon and Kalki Koechlin were also impressive. Who do you think was the best showstopper at IIJW 2014? Leave a comment below. #Competition entry Kama Jewellery invited a group of 9 selected bloggers across Mumbai to their SEEPZ, Andheri boutique and unveiled the latest jewellery collection on 21st June, 2014. The bloggers meet called #DateWithDiamonds was arranged in association with Mumbaigloss.in. The event was a grand success. The bloggers found this visit very informative and entertaining as they also got to witness the process of how jewellery is made in the adjoining factory. They also got a chance to wear, touch and feel the new collection which was equally enthralling to them. The bloggers received exclusive silver pendants and crystal pens from Kama as a token of appreciation for their participation at the event. The new collection which I would like to call ‘Imara’ is for strong women. Imara means strong or resolute. The statement neckpieces, rings and earrings are for someone who loves attention and knows how to handle such attention. It is for the empowered women. The use of yellow and white diamonds in the bold geometrical designs is absolutely stunning. Yellow diamonds create the illusion as if the wearer has the brightness of the sun, beauty of the marigold and glow of the turmeric. Am I going overboard? Well, it’s just that I can’t contain my excitement after wearing those beauties. The collection has a modern day appeal and can be worn with both modern and traditional wear. The collection uses Asscher, Emerald and Cushion cut diamonds that are set in 18kt white and yellow gold to accentuate the sparkle of the white and yellow diamonds. My favourite from the collection is a necklace made with a string of cushion cut diamonds. That piece is simple yet absolutely stunning. It is a perfect accessory to a gown or monochrome maxi dress. It spells class and elegance. I also loved the bracelet which has big yellow cushion cut diamonds. It would certainly steal a few envying glances. I have worked with GIA in the past and I can pretty much say on the basis of my experience that the quality of stones used and the setting in the jewellery is of good quality. Imara, as I would like to call it, is a collection for everybody. It has smaller pendant and earring sets as well which is perfect for a working woman. Be it corporate trainings or client meetings, the smaller sets are graceful and attractive. Kama Jewellery also has finance facilities for its customers. So, if you are looking to invest in a timeless piece then this collection should give you ample of choices. For more information about the collection please visit http://www.kamaschachter.com/   #Competition entry Kama Jewellery invited a group of 9 selected bloggers across Mumbai to their SEEPZ, Andheri boutique and unveiled the latest jewellery collection on 21st June, 2014. The bloggers meet called #DateWithDiamonds was arranged in association with Mumbaigloss.in. The event was a grand success. The bloggers found this visit very informative and entertaining as they also got to witness the process of how jewellery is made in the adjoining factory. They also got a chance to wear, touch and feel the new collection which was equally enthralling to them. The bloggers received exclusive silver pendants and crystal pens from Kama as a token of appreciation for their participation at the event. The new collection which I would like to call ‘Imara’ is for strong women. Imara means strong or resolute. The statement neckpieces, rings and earrings are for someone who loves attention and knows how to handle such attention. It is for the empowered women. The use of yellow and white diamonds in the bold geometrical designs is absolutely stunning. Yellow diamonds create the illusion as if the wearer has the brightness of the sun, beauty of the marigold and glow of the turmeric. Am I going overboard? Well, it’s just that I can’t contain my excitement after wearing those beauties. The collection has a modern day appeal and can be worn with both modern and traditional wear. The collection uses Asscher, Emerald and Cushion cut diamonds that are set in 18kt white and yellow gold to accentuate the sparkle of the white and yellow diamonds. My favourite from the collection is a necklace made with a string of cushion cut diamonds. That piece is simple yet absolutely stunning. It is a perfect accessory to a gown or monochrome maxi dress. It spells class and elegance. I also loved the bracelet which has big yellow cushion cut diamonds. It would certainly steal a few envying glances. I have worked with GIA in the past and I can pretty much say on the basis of my experience that the quality of stones used and the setting in the jewellery is of good quality. Imara, as I would like to call it, is a collection for everybody. It has smaller pendant and earring sets as well which is perfect for a working woman. Be it corporate trainings or client meetings, the smaller sets are graceful and attractive. Kama Jewellery also has finance facilities for its customers. So, if you are looking to invest in a timeless piece then this collection should give you ample of choices. For more information about the collection please visit http://www.kamaschachter.com/   #Competition entry Kama Jewellery invited a group of 9 selected bloggers across Mumbai to their SEEPZ, Andheri boutique and unveiled the latest jewellery collection on 21st June, 2014. The bloggers meet called #DateWithDiamonds was arranged in association with Mumbaigloss.in. The event was a grand success. The bloggers found this visit very informative and entertaining as they also got to witness the process of how jewellery is made in the adjoining factory. They also got a chance to wear, touch and feel the new collection which was equally enthralling to them. The bloggers received exclusive silver pendants and crystal pens from Kama as a token of appreciation for their participation at the event. The new collection which I would like to call ‘Imara’ is for strong women. Imara means strong or resolute. The statement neckpieces, rings and earrings are for someone who loves attention and knows how to handle such attention. It is for the empowered women. The use of yellow and white diamonds in the bold geometrical designs is absolutely stunning. Yellow diamonds create the illusion as if the wearer has the brightness of the sun, beauty of the marigold and glow of the turmeric. Am I going overboard? Well, it’s just that I can’t contain my excitement after wearing those beauties. The collection has a modern day appeal and can be worn with both modern and traditional wear. The collection uses Asscher, Emerald and Cushion cut diamonds that are set in 18kt white and yellow gold to accentuate the sparkle of the white and yellow diamonds. My favourite from the collection is a necklace made with a string of cushion cut diamonds. That piece is simple yet absolutely stunning. It is a perfect accessory to a gown or monochrome maxi dress. It spells class and elegance. I also loved the bracelet which has big yellow cushion cut diamonds. It would certainly steal a few envying glances. I have worked with GIA in the past and I can pretty much say on the basis of my experience that the quality of stones used and the setting in the jewellery is of good quality. Imara, as I would like to call it, is a collection for everybody. It has smaller pendant and earring sets as well which is perfect for a working woman. Be it corporate trainings or client meetings, the smaller sets are graceful and attractive. Kama Jewellery also has finance facilities for its customers. So, if you are looking to invest in a timeless piece then this collection should give you ample of choices. For more information about the collection please visit http://www.kamaschachter.com/   #Competition entry Kama Jewellery invited a group of 9 selected bloggers across Mumbai to their SEEPZ, Andheri boutique and unveiled the latest jewellery collection on 21st June, 2014. The bloggers meet called #DateWithDiamonds was arranged in association with Mumbaigloss.in. The event was a grand success. The bloggers found this visit very informative and entertaining as they also got to witness the process of how jewellery is made in the adjoining factory. They also got a chance to wear, touch and feel the new collection which was equally enthralling to them. The bloggers received exclusive silver pendants and crystal pens from Kama as a token of appreciation for their participation at the event. The new collection which I would like to call ‘Imara’ is for strong women. Imara means strong or resolute. The statement neckpieces, rings and earrings are for someone who loves attention and knows how to handle such attention. It is for the empowered women. The use of yellow and white diamonds in the bold geometrical designs is absolutely stunning. Yellow diamonds create the illusion as if the wearer has the brightness of the sun, beauty of the marigold and glow of the turmeric. Am I going overboard? Well, it’s just that I can’t contain my excitement after wearing those beauties. The collection has a modern day appeal and can be worn with both modern and traditional wear. The collection uses Asscher, Emerald and Cushion cut diamonds that are set in 18kt white and yellow gold to accentuate the sparkle of the white and yellow diamonds. My favourite from the collection is a necklace made with a string of cushion cut diamonds. That piece is simple yet absolutely stunning. It is a perfect accessory to a gown or monochrome maxi dress. It spells class and elegance. I also loved the bracelet which has big yellow cushion cut diamonds. It would certainly steal a few envying glances. I have worked with GIA in the past and I can pretty much say on the basis of my experience that the quality of stones used and the setting in the jewellery is of good quality. Imara, as I would like to call it, is a collection for everybody. It has smaller pendant and earring sets as well which is perfect for a working woman. Be it corporate trainings or client meetings, the smaller sets are graceful and attractive. Kama Jewellery also has finance facilities for its customers. So, if you are looking to invest in a timeless piece then this collection should give you ample of choices. For more information about the collection please visit http://www.kamaschachter.com/   Pearls are elegant, classic and versatile. Be it ball gowns or boyfriend jeans, they can be worn with anything and on any occasion. The earliest mention of pearl in ornaments has been found in scriptures dating back to the ancient Pandyan dynasty that was a (pre-Christian era) Tamil dynasty. Later on, pearls became a hit in the European market.  Not only queens, even actresses and elite class wore pearls regularly. I am sure everyone remembers Audrey Hepburn wearing strings of pearl with her LBD (Little Black Dress) in the famous movie Breakfast At Tiffany’s. Her look has gone into the pages of fashion history as the most iconic look of all times.  Mumbaigloss decided to talk to Mira Gulati, founder and designer of Mirari to know more about this beautiful gemstone and how to care for pearl jewellery. The hard lustrous object formed with the soft tissues of a living shelled mollusc like an Oyster, are called Pearls. Pearls are the latest throb in the jewellery circuit. Its elegant glow is evident to make a spoil for choices and they are the genre of new arriving trend in the jewellery market. The most valuable pearls occur in the wild, and are extremely rare. Whether wild or cultured, pearls occur in different sizes and across a splendid variety. On a broad scale there are majorly 5 types of Pearls that exist in the market, namely, Akoya, South Sea, Fresh Water, Tahitian and Basra Pearls. They are found in the following shapes: baroque, button, coin, tear drop, dome, blister, round, nugget, oval, potato, rice, etc. Akoya: Known for its lustre, these saltwater pearls, mostly used for designing necklaces are generally white or cream-colored. Persisting to a round shape, they are exclusively produced in Japan. South Sea: South Sea pearls have several distinct characteristics that are unique to this gem. South Sea pearls have a unique, satiny lustre that comes from the rapidly deposited nacre and warm waters of the South Seas. South Sea pearls also have a subtle array of colors; typically white, silver and golden, that is rare in other pearl types. Fresh Water: They are grown in pearl farms created by using freshwater mussels, and are known for its rich texture and high-end finish and these are majorly produced in China. Quality of cultured freshwater pearls is evaluated through a grading system of a series of values, based on lustre, shape, surface, colour, etc. Tahitian: The Tahitian (or black pearl) is an organic gem formed from the black lip oyster. Tahitian pearl comes in various shapes, sizes, and colours. Because of their darker hues, Tahitian pearls are commonly known as “black pearls”. However, Tahitian pearls have the ability to contain various undertones and overtones of green, pink, blue, silver and yellow. All (or any combination) of these colours may be seen in a cultured Tahitian pearl. Due to the variety of shapes and colours of the Tahitian pearl, it has been known to fit in any jewellery setting. The versatility and mixture of colour give it its value. Basra: The Basra pearls are a highly valued and treasured species. These pearls have a featured in recorded history as far back in time as 300BC. Most are characterised by irregular shape and a yellowish tint. Some have a distinctly pinkish tint too. Natural Basra pearls, especially undrilled one is silvery-white colour and round/spherical shape is rare and extremely precious. Care for your Pearls: Pearls are the most fragile set of jewel pieces invented for crafting adornments. Their surface gets scratched easily. Pearl Jewelleries being delicate in nature deserves a lot of maintenance. Keeping them away from the normal set of jewelleries while storing them is always a better option. A soft velvet bag or a separate section in one’s jewellery box is the perfect place to shelter the pearl items.  Always wear them after you apply any makeup to make pearl lustre last longer. Spray perfume before you put on any pearl jewellery. Gently wipe your pearls with a soft cloth after you remove them for the day. Immediately wipe your pearls clean with a soft cloth if they get exposed to any acid (sweat, perfume, fruit juice, vinegar etc.) Thank you Mira for giving us a low down on how to keep our pearls bright and beautiful! I am sure our readers can apply these tips to keep their pearl jewellery in good shape.  Pearls are elegant, classic and versatile. Be it ball gowns or boyfriend jeans, they can be worn with anything and on any occasion. The earliest mention of pearl in ornaments has been found in scriptures dating back to the ancient Pandyan dynasty that was a (pre-Christian era) Tamil dynasty. Later on, pearls became a hit in the European market.  Not only queens, even actresses and elite class wore pearls regularly. I am sure everyone remembers Audrey Hepburn wearing strings of pearl with her LBD (Little Black Dress) in the famous movie Breakfast At Tiffany’s. Her look has gone into the pages of fashion history as the most iconic look of all times.  Mumbaigloss decided to talk to Mira Gulati, founder and designer of Mirari to know more about this beautiful gemstone and how to care for pearl jewellery. The hard lustrous object formed with the soft tissues of a living shelled mollusc like an Oyster, are called Pearls. Pearls are the latest throb in the jewellery circuit. Its elegant glow is evident to make a spoil for choices and they are the genre of new arriving trend in the jewellery market. The most valuable pearls occur in the wild, and are extremely rare. Whether wild or cultured, pearls occur in different sizes and across a splendid variety. On a broad scale there are majorly 5 types of Pearls that exist in the market, namely, Akoya, South Sea, Fresh Water, Tahitian and Basra Pearls. They are found in the following shapes: baroque, button, coin, tear drop, dome, blister, round, nugget, oval, potato, rice, etc. Akoya: Known for its lustre, these saltwater pearls, mostly used for designing necklaces are generally white or cream-colored. Persisting to a round shape, they are exclusively produced in Japan. South Sea: South Sea pearls have several distinct characteristics that are unique to this gem. South Sea pearls have a unique, satiny lustre that comes from the rapidly deposited nacre and warm waters of the South Seas. South Sea pearls also have a subtle array of colors; typically white, silver and golden, that is rare in other pearl types. Fresh Water: They are grown in pearl farms created by using freshwater mussels, and are known for its rich texture and high-end finish and these are majorly produced in China. Quality of cultured freshwater pearls is evaluated through a grading system of a series of values, based on lustre, shape, surface, colour, etc. Tahitian: The Tahitian (or black pearl) is an organic gem formed from the black lip oyster. Tahitian pearl comes in various shapes, sizes, and colours. Because of their darker hues, Tahitian pearls are commonly known as “black pearls”. However, Tahitian pearls have the ability to contain various undertones and overtones of green, pink, blue, silver and yellow. All (or any combination) of these colours may be seen in a cultured Tahitian pearl. Due to the variety of shapes and colours of the Tahitian pearl, it has been known to fit in any jewellery setting. The versatility and mixture of colour give it its value. Basra: The Basra pearls are a highly valued and treasured species. These pearls have a featured in recorded history as far back in time as 300BC. Most are characterised by irregular shape and a yellowish tint. Some have a distinctly pinkish tint too. Natural Basra pearls, especially undrilled one is silvery-white colour and round/spherical shape is rare and extremely precious. Care for your Pearls: Pearls are the most fragile set of jewel pieces invented for crafting adornments. Their surface gets scratched easily. Pearl Jewelleries being delicate in nature deserves a lot of maintenance. Keeping them away from the normal set of jewelleries while storing them is always a better option. A soft velvet bag or a separate section in one’s jewellery box is the perfect place to shelter the pearl items.  Always wear them after you apply any makeup to make pearl lustre last longer. Spray perfume before you put on any pearl jewellery. Gently wipe your pearls with a soft cloth after you remove them for the day. Immediately wipe your pearls clean with a soft cloth if they get exposed to any acid (sweat, perfume, fruit juice, vinegar etc.) Thank you Mira for giving us a low down on how to keep our pearls bright and beautiful! I am sure our readers can apply these tips to keep their pearl jewellery in good shape.  Pearls are elegant, classic and versatile. Be it ball gowns or boyfriend jeans, they can be worn with anything and on any occasion. The earliest mention of pearl in ornaments has been found in scriptures dating back to the ancient Pandyan dynasty that was a (pre-Christian era) Tamil dynasty. Later on, pearls became a hit in the European market.  Not only queens, even actresses and elite class wore pearls regularly. I am sure everyone remembers Audrey Hepburn wearing strings of pearl with her LBD (Little Black Dress) in the famous movie Breakfast At Tiffany’s. Her look has gone into the pages of fashion history as the most iconic look of all times.  Mumbaigloss decided to talk to Mira Gulati, founder and designer of Mirari to know more about this beautiful gemstone and how to care for pearl jewellery. The hard lustrous object formed with the soft tissues of a living shelled mollusc like an Oyster, are called Pearls. Pearls are the latest throb in the jewellery circuit. Its elegant glow is evident to make a spoil for choices and they are the genre of new arriving trend in the jewellery market. The most valuable pearls occur in the wild, and are extremely rare. Whether wild or cultured, pearls occur in different sizes and across a splendid variety. On a broad scale there are majorly 5 types of Pearls that exist in the market, namely, Akoya, South Sea, Fresh Water, Tahitian and Basra Pearls. They are found in the following shapes: baroque, button, coin, tear drop, dome, blister, round, nugget, oval, potato, rice, etc. Akoya: Known for its lustre, these saltwater pearls, mostly used for designing necklaces are generally white or cream-colored. Persisting to a round shape, they are exclusively produced in Japan. South Sea: South Sea pearls have several distinct characteristics that are unique to this gem. South Sea pearls have a unique, satiny lustre that comes from the rapidly deposited nacre and warm waters of the South Seas. South Sea pearls also have a subtle array of colors; typically white, silver and golden, that is rare in other pearl types. Fresh Water: They are grown in pearl farms created by using freshwater mussels, and are known for its rich texture and high-end finish and these are majorly produced in China. Quality of cultured freshwater pearls is evaluated through a grading system of a series of values, based on lustre, shape, surface, colour, etc. Tahitian: The Tahitian (or black pearl) is an organic gem formed from the black lip oyster. Tahitian pearl comes in various shapes, sizes, and colours. Because of their darker hues, Tahitian pearls are commonly known as “black pearls”. However, Tahitian pearls have the ability to contain various undertones and overtones of green, pink, blue, silver and yellow. All (or any combination) of these colours may be seen in a cultured Tahitian pearl. Due to the variety of shapes and colours of the Tahitian pearl, it has been known to fit in any jewellery setting. The versatility and mixture of colour give it its value. Basra: The Basra pearls are a highly valued and treasured species. These pearls have a featured in recorded history as far back in time as 300BC. Most are characterised by irregular shape and a yellowish tint. Some have a distinctly pinkish tint too. Natural Basra pearls, especially undrilled one is silvery-white colour and round/spherical shape is rare and extremely precious. Care for your Pearls: Pearls are the most fragile set of jewel pieces invented for crafting adornments. Their surface gets scratched easily. Pearl Jewelleries being delicate in nature deserves a lot of maintenance. Keeping them away from the normal set of jewelleries while storing them is always a better option. A soft velvet bag or a separate section in one’s jewellery box is the perfect place to shelter the pearl items.  Always wear them after you apply any makeup to make pearl lustre last longer. Spray perfume before you put on any pearl jewellery. Gently wipe your pearls with a soft cloth after you remove them for the day. Immediately wipe your pearls clean with a soft cloth if they get exposed to any acid (sweat, perfume, fruit juice, vinegar etc.) Thank you Mira for giving us a low down on how to keep our pearls bright and beautiful! I am sure our readers can apply these tips to keep their pearl jewellery in good shape.  Pearls are elegant, classic and versatile. Be it ball gowns or boyfriend jeans, they can be worn with anything and on any occasion. The earliest mention of pearl in ornaments has been found in scriptures dating back to the ancient Pandyan dynasty that was a (pre-Christian era) Tamil dynasty. Later on, pearls became a hit in the European market.  Not only queens, even actresses and elite class wore pearls regularly. I am sure everyone remembers Audrey Hepburn wearing strings of pearl with her LBD (Little Black Dress) in the famous movie Breakfast At Tiffany’s. Her look has gone into the pages of fashion history as the most iconic look of all times.  Mumbaigloss decided to talk to Mira Gulati, founder and designer of Mirari to know more about this beautiful gemstone and how to care for pearl jewellery. The hard lustrous object formed with the soft tissues of a living shelled mollusc like an Oyster, are called Pearls. Pearls are the latest throb in the jewellery circuit. Its elegant glow is evident to make a spoil for choices and they are the genre of new arriving trend in the jewellery market. The most valuable pearls occur in the wild, and are extremely rare. Whether wild or cultured, pearls occur in different sizes and across a splendid variety. On a broad scale there are majorly 5 types of Pearls that exist in the market, namely, Akoya, South Sea, Fresh Water, Tahitian and Basra Pearls. They are found in the following shapes: baroque, button, coin, tear drop, dome, blister, round, nugget, oval, potato, rice, etc. Akoya: Known for its lustre, these saltwater pearls, mostly used for designing necklaces are generally white or cream-colored. Persisting to a round shape, they are exclusively produced in Japan. South Sea: South Sea pearls have several distinct characteristics that are unique to this gem. South Sea pearls have a unique, satiny lustre that comes from the rapidly deposited nacre and warm waters of the South Seas. South Sea pearls also have a subtle array of colors; typically white, silver and golden, that is rare in other pearl types. Fresh Water: They are grown in pearl farms created by using freshwater mussels, and are known for its rich texture and high-end finish and these are majorly produced in China. Quality of cultured freshwater pearls is evaluated through a grading system of a series of values, based on lustre, shape, surface, colour, etc. Tahitian: The Tahitian (or black pearl) is an organic gem formed from the black lip oyster. Tahitian pearl comes in various shapes, sizes, and colours. Because of their darker hues, Tahitian pearls are commonly known as “black pearls”. However, Tahitian pearls have the ability to contain various undertones and overtones of green, pink, blue, silver and yellow. All (or any combination) of these colours may be seen in a cultured Tahitian pearl. Due to the variety of shapes and colours of the Tahitian pearl, it has been known to fit in any jewellery setting. The versatility and mixture of colour give it its value. Basra: The Basra pearls are a highly valued and treasured species. These pearls have a featured in recorded history as far back in time as 300BC. Most are characterised by irregular shape and a yellowish tint. Some have a distinctly pinkish tint too. Natural Basra pearls, especially undrilled one is silvery-white colour and round/spherical shape is rare and extremely precious. Care for your Pearls: Pearls are the most fragile set of jewel pieces invented for crafting adornments. Their surface gets scratched easily. Pearl Jewelleries being delicate in nature deserves a lot of maintenance. Keeping them away from the normal set of jewelleries while storing them is always a better option. A soft velvet bag or a separate section in one’s jewellery box is the perfect place to shelter the pearl items.  Always wear them after you apply any makeup to make pearl lustre last longer. Spray perfume before you put on any pearl jewellery. Gently wipe your pearls with a soft cloth after you remove them for the day. Immediately wipe your pearls clean with a soft cloth if they get exposed to any acid (sweat, perfume, fruit juice, vinegar etc.) Thank you Mira for giving us a low down on how to keep our pearls bright and beautiful! I am sure our readers can apply these tips to keep their pearl jewellery in good shape.  I received samples of Tressme Split Remedy Shampoo and Conditioner 2 months back (through Indiblogger). It came beautifully packed in a cloth bag and had a small note about the product. It claims that in three washes the split ends would disappear by up to 96 per cent. Why did I opt to review this product? Because the ends of my hair are dry due to years of abuse. (Read colouring, streaking, straightening, etc.) And I wanted to check how this shampoo and conditioner duo can make my tresses better. My hair is fine, wavy with medium volume. Shampoo price: Rs. 80 for 90ml, Rs. 215 for 170ml and Rs. 349 for 600ml Conditioner price: Rs. 80 for 90ml & Rs. 179 for 215ml After using it religiously for a week (I used it thrice) here are my observations: Pros: • Hair felt soft, shiny and less frizzy • Hair was manageable • Dry ends didn’t disappear but looked and felt softer • Scalp was less dry and itchy • From price point, shampoo and conditioner are affordable • Good fruity fragrance Cons: • Hair was weighed down due to silicon and looked volume less • Scalp felt oily within 48 hours after shampoo Verdict: It is good for women who have head full of frizzy hair. It is a tool to tame your manes if they refuse to obey the laws of gravitation. On a serious note, if you have wavy to curly hair with good volume then this product is ideal for you. For people like me who have fine, wavy, medium volume hair may find it flattening. Straight hair girls may try it if they have good volume. But does it do anything to your split ends? Umm well, not really other than making them appear softer. Life hack: Use a volumising spray after the shampoo like 24 Hour Body Foaming Mousse by Tresemme to get some volume. Though, it costs Rs. 1500/- approx. and might not be pocket friendly. Rating: 3.5/5 I received samples of Tressme Split Remedy Shampoo and Conditioner 2 months back (through Indiblogger). It came beautifully packed in a cloth bag and had a small note about the product. It claims that in three washes the split ends would disappear by up to 96 per cent. Why did I opt to review this product? Because the ends of my hair are dry due to years of abuse. (Read colouring, streaking, straightening, etc.) And I wanted to check how this shampoo and conditioner duo can make my tresses better. My hair is fine, wavy with medium volume. Shampoo price: Rs. 80 for 90ml, Rs. 215 for 170ml and Rs. 349 for 600ml Conditioner price: Rs. 80 for 90ml & Rs. 179 for 215ml After using it religiously for a week (I used it thrice) here are my observations: Pros: • Hair felt soft, shiny and less frizzy • Hair was manageable • Dry ends didn’t disappear but looked and felt softer • Scalp was less dry and itchy • From price point, shampoo and conditioner are affordable • Good fruity fragrance Cons: • Hair was weighed down due to silicon and looked volume less • Scalp felt oily within 48 hours after shampoo Verdict: It is good for women who have head full of frizzy hair. It is a tool to tame your manes if they refuse to obey the laws of gravitation. On a serious note, if you have wavy to curly hair with good volume then this product is ideal for you. For people like me who have fine, wavy, medium volume hair may find it flattening. Straight hair girls may try it if they have good volume. But does it do anything to your split ends? Umm well, not really other than making them appear softer. Life hack: Use a volumising spray after the shampoo like 24 Hour Body Foaming Mousse by Tresemme to get some volume. Though, it costs Rs. 1500/- approx. and might not be pocket friendly. Rating: 3.5/5 I received samples of Tressme Split Remedy Shampoo and Conditioner 2 months back (through Indiblogger). It came beautifully packed in a cloth bag and had a small note about the product. It claims that in three washes the split ends would disappear by up to 96 per cent. Why did I opt to review this product? Because the ends of my hair are dry due to years of abuse. (Read colouring, streaking, straightening, etc.) And I wanted to check how this shampoo and conditioner duo can make my tresses better. My hair is fine, wavy with medium volume. Shampoo price: Rs. 80 for 90ml, Rs. 215 for 170ml and Rs. 349 for 600ml Conditioner price: Rs. 80 for 90ml & Rs. 179 for 215ml After using it religiously for a week (I used it thrice) here are my observations: Pros: • Hair felt soft, shiny and less frizzy • Hair was manageable • Dry ends didn’t disappear but looked and felt softer • Scalp was less dry and itchy • From price point, shampoo and conditioner are affordable • Good fruity fragrance Cons: • Hair was weighed down due to silicon and looked volume less • Scalp felt oily within 48 hours after shampoo Verdict: It is good for women who have head full of frizzy hair. It is a tool to tame your manes if they refuse to obey the laws of gravitation. On a serious note, if you have wavy to curly hair with good volume then this product is ideal for you. For people like me who have fine, wavy, medium volume hair may find it flattening. Straight hair girls may try it if they have good volume. But does it do anything to your split ends? Umm well, not really other than making them appear softer. Life hack: Use a volumising spray after the shampoo like 24 Hour Body Foaming Mousse by Tresemme to get some volume. Though, it costs Rs. 1500/- approx. and might not be pocket friendly. Rating: 3.5/5 I received samples of Tressme Split Remedy Shampoo and Conditioner 2 months back (through Indiblogger). It came beautifully packed in a cloth bag and had a small note about the product. It claims that in three washes the split ends would disappear by up to 96 per cent. Why did I opt to review this product? Because the ends of my hair are dry due to years of abuse. (Read colouring, streaking, straightening, etc.) And I wanted to check how this shampoo and conditioner duo can make my tresses better. My hair is fine, wavy with medium volume. Shampoo price: Rs. 80 for 90ml, Rs. 215 for 170ml and Rs. 349 for 600ml Conditioner price: Rs. 80 for 90ml & Rs. 179 for 215ml After using it religiously for a week (I used it thrice) here are my observations: Pros: • Hair felt soft, shiny and less frizzy • Hair was manageable • Dry ends didn’t disappear but looked and felt softer • Scalp was less dry and itchy • From price point, shampoo and conditioner are affordable • Good fruity fragrance Cons: • Hair was weighed down due to silicon and looked volume less • Scalp felt oily within 48 hours after shampoo Verdict: It is good for women who have head full of frizzy hair. It is a tool to tame your manes if they refuse to obey the laws of gravitation. On a serious note, if you have wavy to curly hair with good volume then this product is ideal for you. For people like me who have fine, wavy, medium volume hair may find it flattening. Straight hair girls may try it if they have good volume. But does it do anything to your split ends? Umm well, not really other than making them appear softer. Life hack: Use a volumising spray after the shampoo like 24 Hour Body Foaming Mousse by Tresemme to get some volume. Though, it costs Rs. 1500/- approx. and might not be pocket friendly. Rating: 3.5/5 My OH has been complaining off late that I spend too much time on my smart phone. Can I help it? May be not! Apart from social networking, blogging, etc.; I also search for quick fashion fixes whenever I am going out. In fact, Whatsapp has become my go-to app. If I am confused between two shoes, I ping my sister with the images to get her opinion. The Whatsapp groups I have joined keep on buzzing with what’s in and out of trend. And that’s not all. Many a times I have a quick chat with my mum regarding what will look better on me. (If I should wear a pink or a deep red lipstick with gold brocades saree).  That’s when I thought, which are the fashion apps available in the Android market that can be helpful to a fashion enthusiast like me? After a few downloads and testing, I could list these: 1. Trendabl (Social Networking for fashionistas): It is like Instagram and Facebook for the fashion freaks who would love to network with other fashionistas around the world. Upload a photo, filter it and tag it to allow users to browse photos by categories such as skirts, swimwear, or shoes. With Trendabl you can tag what you’re wearing based on label, price and availability. You can also browse others’ outfits and get some style inspiration. 2. The Womens Store (shopping app organizer and memory saver): A fashionista always wants to get the best deals on the most trending clothes and accessories and for that she needs to visit various online stores. But downloading each and every app of these online stores is plain cumbersome and will consume your mobile data and storage space. That is when you can download The Womens Store. This app is your shopping app organizer. Rather than downloading each and every app of your favourite store and cluttering your mobile top, you can simply download this one and then visit various stores as and when required. American Swan, Fashion and You, Jabong, Myntra, Fashionara, Provogue, Yebhi, Zivame, Koovs and a lot more online stores have been linked through this app. Apart from shopping; it also lists sites for food, travel, jewellery, books, etc. You can also get some fashion inspiration from these sites. And in case, you thought that you will miss out on the deal alerts, then this app also lists promotional emails where you can keep a tab on the sales and promotions happening across these sites. 3. Styledotme (Network, create timed polls): Meghna Saraogi is the founder of this app, who like us was always confused while shopping. Sometimes, friend’s opinion becomes very important while purchasing an accessory worth thousands and that’s when this app comes handy. You can upload images of two products and create an instant poll. The poll can be further enhanced with a timer (Like I need advice in the next five minutes) and then your friends can quickly give their vote. You can also add image-enhancing filters to your photos and share your posts with your friends on Facebook and Twitter. You can follow your friends, favorite celebrities, brands and bloggers on this app. I checked this app which is relatively new. Not much feeds from other users available. The real fun will begin only once your set of friends create an account on this app and start using it regularly.  4. Flipboard/Magzter (Read fashion articles): Yes! With a bit of customization you can follow and get feeds from Vogue India, Harper’s Bazar, W Magazine, Glamour, etc. You can get street style, celebrity style and other popular feeds right into your smart phone. It’s for those who are hooked on to reading fashion magazines and are always on the lookout for what’s new and trending from the editor’s table. Unfortunately, not many Indian magazines feeds are available with this app. Yet, the interface is beautiful, user-friendly and easy to read. Magzter app gets you access to free copies of Noblesse India issues which is a glossy fashion and lifestyle magazine. (True at the time of publishing this article.) You can download the soft copy of the magazine on your android device and read it at leisure. 5. Miss India app (know your beauty queens and beauty pageants): Get latest updates gossips news features and photos of your favourite Miss India’s on the go. Also get access to information on prestigious international beauty pageants like Miss Universe, Miss Asia Pacific, etc. Even you can vote for your favourite contestants during Miss India competition. Browse through photos, watch videos, even you can apply for the next pageant through this app. It’s incredible that such information is accessible at your fingertips. All those dreaming to become the next ‘Miss India’ will find this app very handy. 6. Mydressing: (Create personal lookbook with existing wardrobe or new additions). So you never knew that your grey T-shirt from Zara would look great with your red cotton pencil skirt you bought from Linking Road. Yes, it’s a discovery after a year of having purchased those things. It happens to many of us. But what if we had the option of mixing and matching clothes virtually, creating looks and instant references for future? I know it will be a blessing not to struggle early morning while rushing to office if we know in advance, what we would like to wear to office. With this app you can cut out the clothes (jacket, tee, dresses, etc.) from an image and put them on a look board along with accessories, makeup, shoes, etc. for quick reference, next time you are going out.  I am waiting for an app like Snapette or Pose to be launched in India listing Indian brands and stores. It uses GPS info to help you discover what’s out there in the stores around you. Also, you can get a real-time view of what millions of other fashionistas are finding stylish in major cities. For style inspiration from major fashion bloggers across the country, I am waiting for Stylepile to create an Android app which will be a hit with Indian fashion enthusiasts.  Many designers like Rajesh Pratap Singh, Pia Pauro, Payal Pratap, Gauri & Nainika and Anupama Dayal have already launched their own apps in the Android market. The users are able to preview the collections at the comfort of their own smart phone.  After smart phones and useful apps, the face of fashion is certainly going to change in India. My OH has been complaining off late that I spend too much time on my smart phone. Can I help it? May be not! Apart from social networking, blogging, etc.; I also search for quick fashion fixes whenever I am going out. In fact, Whatsapp has become my go-to app. If I am confused between two shoes, I ping my sister with the images to get her opinion. The Whatsapp groups I have joined keep on buzzing with what’s in and out of trend. And that’s not all. Many a times I have a quick chat with my mum regarding what will look better on me. (If I should wear a pink or a deep red lipstick with gold brocades saree).  That’s when I thought, which are the fashion apps available in the Android market that can be helpful to a fashion enthusiast like me? After a few downloads and testing, I could list these: 1. Trendabl (Social Networking for fashionistas): It is like Instagram and Facebook for the fashion freaks who would love to network with other fashionistas around the world. Upload a photo, filter it and tag it to allow users to browse photos by categories such as skirts, swimwear, or shoes. With Trendabl you can tag what you’re wearing based on label, price and availability. You can also browse others’ outfits and get some style inspiration. 2. The Womens Store (shopping app organizer and memory saver): A fashionista always wants to get the best deals on the most trending clothes and accessories and for that she needs to visit various online stores. But downloading each and every app of these online stores is plain cumbersome and will consume your mobile data and storage space. That is when you can download The Womens Store. This app is your shopping app organizer. Rather than downloading each and every app of your favourite store and cluttering your mobile top, you can simply download this one and then visit various stores as and when required. American Swan, Fashion and You, Jabong, Myntra, Fashionara, Provogue, Yebhi, Zivame, Koovs and a lot more online stores have been linked through this app. Apart from shopping; it also lists sites for food, travel, jewellery, books, etc. You can also get some fashion inspiration from these sites. And in case, you thought that you will miss out on the deal alerts, then this app also lists promotional emails where you can keep a tab on the sales and promotions happening across these sites. 3. Styledotme (Network, create timed polls): Meghna Saraogi is the founder of this app, who like us was always confused while shopping. Sometimes, friend’s opinion becomes very important while purchasing an accessory worth thousands and that’s when this app comes handy. You can upload images of two products and create an instant poll. The poll can be further enhanced with a timer (Like I need advice in the next five minutes) and then your friends can quickly give their vote. You can also add image-enhancing filters to your photos and share your posts with your friends on Facebook and Twitter. You can follow your friends, favorite celebrities, brands and bloggers on this app. I checked this app which is relatively new. Not much feeds from other users available. The real fun will begin only once your set of friends create an account on this app and start using it regularly.  4. Flipboard/Magzter (Read fashion articles): Yes! With a bit of customization you can follow and get feeds from Vogue India, Harper’s Bazar, W Magazine, Glamour, etc. You can get street style, celebrity style and other popular feeds right into your smart phone. It’s for those who are hooked on to reading fashion magazines and are always on the lookout for what’s new and trending from the editor’s table. Unfortunately, not many Indian magazines feeds are available with this app. Yet, the interface is beautiful, user-friendly and easy to read. Magzter app gets you access to free copies of Noblesse India issues which is a glossy fashion and lifestyle magazine. (True at the time of publishing this article.) You can download the soft copy of the magazine on your android device and read it at leisure. 5. Miss India app (know your beauty queens and beauty pageants): Get latest updates gossips news features and photos of your favourite Miss India’s on the go. Also get access to information on prestigious international beauty pageants like Miss Universe, Miss Asia Pacific, etc. Even you can vote for your favourite contestants during Miss India competition. Browse through photos, watch videos, even you can apply for the next pageant through this app. It’s incredible that such information is accessible at your fingertips. All those dreaming to become the next ‘Miss India’ will find this app very handy. 6. Mydressing: (Create personal lookbook with existing wardrobe or new additions). So you never knew that your grey T-shirt from Zara would look great with your red cotton pencil skirt you bought from Linking Road. Yes, it’s a discovery after a year of having purchased those things. It happens to many of us. But what if we had the option of mixing and matching clothes virtually, creating looks and instant references for future? I know it will be a blessing not to struggle early morning while rushing to office if we know in advance, what we would like to wear to office. With this app you can cut out the clothes (jacket, tee, dresses, etc.) from an image and put them on a look board along with accessories, makeup, shoes, etc. for quick reference, next time you are going out.  I am waiting for an app like Snapette or Pose to be launched in India listing Indian brands and stores. It uses GPS info to help you discover what’s out there in the stores around you. Also, you can get a real-time view of what millions of other fashionistas are finding stylish in major cities. For style inspiration from major fashion bloggers across the country, I am waiting for Stylepile to create an Android app which will be a hit with Indian fashion enthusiasts.  Many designers like Rajesh Pratap Singh, Pia Pauro, Payal Pratap, Gauri & Nainika and Anupama Dayal have already launched their own apps in the Android market. The users are able to preview the collections at the comfort of their own smart phone.  After smart phones and useful apps, the face of fashion is certainly going to change in India. My OH has been complaining off late that I spend too much time on my smart phone. Can I help it? May be not! Apart from social networking, blogging, etc.; I also search for quick fashion fixes whenever I am going out. In fact, Whatsapp has become my go-to app. If I am confused between two shoes, I ping my sister with the images to get her opinion. The Whatsapp groups I have joined keep on buzzing with what’s in and out of trend. And that’s not all. Many a times I have a quick chat with my mum regarding what will look better on me. (If I should wear a pink or a deep red lipstick with gold brocades saree).  That’s when I thought, which are the fashion apps available in the Android market that can be helpful to a fashion enthusiast like me? After a few downloads and testing, I could list these: 1. Trendabl (Social Networking for fashionistas): It is like Instagram and Facebook for the fashion freaks who would love to network with other fashionistas around the world. Upload a photo, filter it and tag it to allow users to browse photos by categories such as skirts, swimwear, or shoes. With Trendabl you can tag what you’re wearing based on label, price and availability. You can also browse others’ outfits and get some style inspiration. 2. The Womens Store (shopping app organizer and memory saver): A fashionista always wants to get the best deals on the most trending clothes and accessories and for that she needs to visit various online stores. But downloading each and every app of these online stores is plain cumbersome and will consume your mobile data and storage space. That is when you can download The Womens Store. This app is your shopping app organizer. Rather than downloading each and every app of your favourite store and cluttering your mobile top, you can simply download this one and then visit various stores as and when required. American Swan, Fashion and You, Jabong, Myntra, Fashionara, Provogue, Yebhi, Zivame, Koovs and a lot more online stores have been linked through this app. Apart from shopping; it also lists sites for food, travel, jewellery, books, etc. You can also get some fashion inspiration from these sites. And in case, you thought that you will miss out on the deal alerts, then this app also lists promotional emails where you can keep a tab on the sales and promotions happening across these sites. 3. Styledotme (Network, create timed polls): Meghna Saraogi is the founder of this app, who like us was always confused while shopping. Sometimes, friend’s opinion becomes very important while purchasing an accessory worth thousands and that’s when this app comes handy. You can upload images of two products and create an instant poll. The poll can be further enhanced with a timer (Like I need advice in the next five minutes) and then your friends can quickly give their vote. You can also add image-enhancing filters to your photos and share your posts with your friends on Facebook and Twitter. You can follow your friends, favorite celebrities, brands and bloggers on this app. I checked this app which is relatively new. Not much feeds from other users available. The real fun will begin only once your set of friends create an account on this app and start using it regularly.  4. Flipboard/Magzter (Read fashion articles): Yes! With a bit of customization you can follow and get feeds from Vogue India, Harper’s Bazar, W Magazine, Glamour, etc. You can get street style, celebrity style and other popular feeds right into your smart phone. It’s for those who are hooked on to reading fashion magazines and are always on the lookout for what’s new and trending from the editor’s table. Unfortunately, not many Indian magazines feeds are available with this app. Yet, the interface is beautiful, user-friendly and easy to read. Magzter app gets you access to free copies of Noblesse India issues which is a glossy fashion and lifestyle magazine. (True at the time of publishing this article.) You can download the soft copy of the magazine on your android device and read it at leisure. 5. Miss India app (know your beauty queens and beauty pageants): Get latest updates gossips news features and photos of your favourite Miss India’s on the go. Also get access to information on prestigious international beauty pageants like Miss Universe, Miss Asia Pacific, etc. Even you can vote for your favourite contestants during Miss India competition. Browse through photos, watch videos, even you can apply for the next pageant through this app. It’s incredible that such information is accessible at your fingertips. All those dreaming to become the next ‘Miss India’ will find this app very handy. 6. Mydressing: (Create personal lookbook with existing wardrobe or new additions). So you never knew that your grey T-shirt from Zara would look great with your red cotton pencil skirt you bought from Linking Road. Yes, it’s a discovery after a year of having purchased those things. It happens to many of us. But what if we had the option of mixing and matching clothes virtually, creating looks and instant references for future? I know it will be a blessing not to struggle early morning while rushing to office if we know in advance, what we would like to wear to office. With this app you can cut out the clothes (jacket, tee, dresses, etc.) from an image and put them on a look board along with accessories, makeup, shoes, etc. for quick reference, next time you are going out.  I am waiting for an app like Snapette or Pose to be launched in India listing Indian brands and stores. It uses GPS info to help you discover what’s out there in the stores around you. Also, you can get a real-time view of what millions of other fashionistas are finding stylish in major cities. For style inspiration from major fashion bloggers across the country, I am waiting for Stylepile to create an Android app which will be a hit with Indian fashion enthusiasts.  Many designers like Rajesh Pratap Singh, Pia Pauro, Payal Pratap, Gauri & Nainika and Anupama Dayal have already launched their own apps in the Android market. The users are able to preview the collections at the comfort of their own smart phone.  After smart phones and useful apps, the face of fashion is certainly going to change in India. My OH has been complaining off late that I spend too much time on my smart phone. Can I help it? May be not! Apart from social networking, blogging, etc.; I also search for quick fashion fixes whenever I am going out. In fact, Whatsapp has become my go-to app. If I am confused between two shoes, I ping my sister with the images to get her opinion. The Whatsapp groups I have joined keep on buzzing with what’s in and out of trend. And that’s not all. Many a times I have a quick chat with my mum regarding what will look better on me. (If I should wear a pink or a deep red lipstick with gold brocades saree).  That’s when I thought, which are the fashion apps available in the Android market that can be helpful to a fashion enthusiast like me? After a few downloads and testing, I could list these: 1. Trendabl (Social Networking for fashionistas): It is like Instagram and Facebook for the fashion freaks who would love to network with other fashionistas around the world. Upload a photo, filter it and tag it to allow users to browse photos by categories such as skirts, swimwear, or shoes. With Trendabl you can tag what you’re wearing based on label, price and availability. You can also browse others’ outfits and get some style inspiration. 2. The Womens Store (shopping app organizer and memory saver): A fashionista always wants to get the best deals on the most trending clothes and accessories and for that she needs to visit various online stores. But downloading each and every app of these online stores is plain cumbersome and will consume your mobile data and storage space. That is when you can download The Womens Store. This app is your shopping app organizer. Rather than downloading each and every app of your favourite store and cluttering your mobile top, you can simply download this one and then visit various stores as and when required. American Swan, Fashion and You, Jabong, Myntra, Fashionara, Provogue, Yebhi, Zivame, Koovs and a lot more online stores have been linked through this app. Apart from shopping; it also lists sites for food, travel, jewellery, books, etc. You can also get some fashion inspiration from these sites. And in case, you thought that you will miss out on the deal alerts, then this app also lists promotional emails where you can keep a tab on the sales and promotions happening across these sites. 3. Styledotme (Network, create timed polls): Meghna Saraogi is the founder of this app, who like us was always confused while shopping. Sometimes, friend’s opinion becomes very important while purchasing an accessory worth thousands and that’s when this app comes handy. You can upload images of two products and create an instant poll. The poll can be further enhanced with a timer (Like I need advice in the next five minutes) and then your friends can quickly give their vote. You can also add image-enhancing filters to your photos and share your posts with your friends on Facebook and Twitter. You can follow your friends, favorite celebrities, brands and bloggers on this app. I checked this app which is relatively new. Not much feeds from other users available. The real fun will begin only once your set of friends create an account on this app and start using it regularly.  4. Flipboard/Magzter (Read fashion articles): Yes! With a bit of customization you can follow and get feeds from Vogue India, Harper’s Bazar, W Magazine, Glamour, etc. You can get street style, celebrity style and other popular feeds right into your smart phone. It’s for those who are hooked on to reading fashion magazines and are always on the lookout for what’s new and trending from the editor’s table. Unfortunately, not many Indian magazines feeds are available with this app. Yet, the interface is beautiful, user-friendly and easy to read. Magzter app gets you access to free copies of Noblesse India issues which is a glossy fashion and lifestyle magazine. (True at the time of publishing this article.) You can download the soft copy of the magazine on your android device and read it at leisure. 5. Miss India app (know your beauty queens and beauty pageants): Get latest updates gossips news features and photos of your favourite Miss India’s on the go. Also get access to information on prestigious international beauty pageants like Miss Universe, Miss Asia Pacific, etc. Even you can vote for your favourite contestants during Miss India competition. Browse through photos, watch videos, even you can apply for the next pageant through this app. It’s incredible that such information is accessible at your fingertips. All those dreaming to become the next ‘Miss India’ will find this app very handy. 6. Mydressing: (Create personal lookbook with existing wardrobe or new additions). So you never knew that your grey T-shirt from Zara would look great with your red cotton pencil skirt you bought from Linking Road. Yes, it’s a discovery after a year of having purchased those things. It happens to many of us. But what if we had the option of mixing and matching clothes virtually, creating looks and instant references for future? I know it will be a blessing not to struggle early morning while rushing to office if we know in advance, what we would like to wear to office. With this app you can cut out the clothes (jacket, tee, dresses, etc.) from an image and put them on a look board along with accessories, makeup, shoes, etc. for quick reference, next time you are going out.  I am waiting for an app like Snapette or Pose to be launched in India listing Indian brands and stores. It uses GPS info to help you discover what’s out there in the stores around you. Also, you can get a real-time view of what millions of other fashionistas are finding stylish in major cities. For style inspiration from major fashion bloggers across the country, I am waiting for Stylepile to create an Android app which will be a hit with Indian fashion enthusiasts.  Many designers like Rajesh Pratap Singh, Pia Pauro, Payal Pratap, Gauri & Nainika and Anupama Dayal have already launched their own apps in the Android market. The users are able to preview the collections at the comfort of their own smart phone.  After smart phones and useful apps, the face of fashion is certainly going to change in India. In this age of artificial beauty and heavily photoshopped images, freckles are seen as unpleasant marks on the skin; even treated like a skin disease. These are predominantly found on the face and can very well damage a person’s confidence. Numerous skin creams, laser treatments, etc. are being prescribed to treat them. Alas, everyone wants a porcelain clear skin. In reality, these are brown flat spots on the skin, genetic in nature and can happen to any fair skinned person from any race. The formation of freckles is triggered by exposure to sunlight. Exposure to UV-B radiation activates melanocytes to increase melanin production, which can cause freckles to become darker and more visible. Upon exposure to the sun, freckles will reappear if they have been altered with creams or lasers and not protected from the sun, but do fade with age in some cases. So, to conclude it is best if freckles are embraced like beauty spots and skin should be managed for overall health. Many Hollywood and Bollywood beauties and super models have freckles and they live with it in harmony. Julia Roberts, Megan Fox, Gisele Bundchen, Kate Moss, Lucy Liu, Bar Rafaeli, Julianne Moore, Sienna Miller, Lindsay Lohan, Jennifer Lawrence and many others from Hollywood have freckles and they are completely comfortable sporting it. Kareena Kapoor, Rani Mukherjee, Genelia D’Souza, Vidya Balan, Kangna Ranut and many other Bollywood actresses have accepted them as an extension of their personality. Few have more freckles than others but that doesn’t stop them from putting their best face forward. These are all A-listers and red-carpet regulars so we mortals should be ok with having a mark or two on our skin, isn’t it? I did want to try out Photo-facial to get rid of my freckles which is supposedly the best treatment for the brown spots. Many home-remedies suggest applying lime juice on the affected area to lighten the marks. These treatments do lighten the spots but freckles do not go away completely. And there is always a chance for them to reappear if the skin is exposed to direct sunlight. If you are still upset with your freckles, you can always hide them under good makeup. When tattoos can be concealed with good make-up, why not freckles. Try a heavy base foundation and a good concealer to camouflage them. Embrace your freckles if you can. It is ok to be speckled! In this age of artificial beauty and heavily photoshopped images, freckles are seen as unpleasant marks on the skin; even treated like a skin disease. These are predominantly found on the face and can very well damage a person’s confidence. Numerous skin creams, laser treatments, etc. are being prescribed to treat them. Alas, everyone wants a porcelain clear skin. In reality, these are brown flat spots on the skin, genetic in nature and can happen to any fair skinned person from any race. The formation of freckles is triggered by exposure to sunlight. Exposure to UV-B radiation activates melanocytes to increase melanin production, which can cause freckles to become darker and more visible. Upon exposure to the sun, freckles will reappear if they have been altered with creams or lasers and not protected from the sun, but do fade with age in some cases. So, to conclude it is best if freckles are embraced like beauty spots and skin should be managed for overall health. Many Hollywood and Bollywood beauties and super models have freckles and they live with it in harmony. Julia Roberts, Megan Fox, Gisele Bundchen, Kate Moss, Lucy Liu, Bar Rafaeli, Julianne Moore, Sienna Miller, Lindsay Lohan, Jennifer Lawrence and many others from Hollywood have freckles and they are completely comfortable sporting it. Kareena Kapoor, Rani Mukherjee, Genelia D’Souza, Vidya Balan, Kangna Ranut and many other Bollywood actresses have accepted them as an extension of their personality. Few have more freckles than others but that doesn’t stop them from putting their best face forward. These are all A-listers and red-carpet regulars so we mortals should be ok with having a mark or two on our skin, isn’t it? I did want to try out Photo-facial to get rid of my freckles which is supposedly the best treatment for the brown spots. Many home-remedies suggest applying lime juice on the affected area to lighten the marks. These treatments do lighten the spots but freckles do not go away completely. And there is always a chance for them to reappear if the skin is exposed to direct sunlight. If you are still upset with your freckles, you can always hide them under good makeup. When tattoos can be concealed with good make-up, why not freckles. Try a heavy base foundation and a good concealer to camouflage them. Embrace your freckles if you can. It is ok to be speckled! In this age of artificial beauty and heavily photoshopped images, freckles are seen as unpleasant marks on the skin; even treated like a skin disease. These are predominantly found on the face and can very well damage a person’s confidence. Numerous skin creams, laser treatments, etc. are being prescribed to treat them. Alas, everyone wants a porcelain clear skin. In reality, these are brown flat spots on the skin, genetic in nature and can happen to any fair skinned person from any race. The formation of freckles is triggered by exposure to sunlight. Exposure to UV-B radiation activates melanocytes to increase melanin production, which can cause freckles to become darker and more visible. Upon exposure to the sun, freckles will reappear if they have been altered with creams or lasers and not protected from the sun, but do fade with age in some cases. So, to conclude it is best if freckles are embraced like beauty spots and skin should be managed for overall health. Many Hollywood and Bollywood beauties and super models have freckles and they live with it in harmony. Julia Roberts, Megan Fox, Gisele Bundchen, Kate Moss, Lucy Liu, Bar Rafaeli, Julianne Moore, Sienna Miller, Lindsay Lohan, Jennifer Lawrence and many others from Hollywood have freckles and they are completely comfortable sporting it. Kareena Kapoor, Rani Mukherjee, Genelia D’Souza, Vidya Balan, Kangna Ranut and many other Bollywood actresses have accepted them as an extension of their personality. Few have more freckles than others but that doesn’t stop them from putting their best face forward. These are all A-listers and red-carpet regulars so we mortals should be ok with having a mark or two on our skin, isn’t it? I did want to try out Photo-facial to get rid of my freckles which is supposedly the best treatment for the brown spots. Many home-remedies suggest applying lime juice on the affected area to lighten the marks. These treatments do lighten the spots but freckles do not go away completely. And there is always a chance for them to reappear if the skin is exposed to direct sunlight. If you are still upset with your freckles, you can always hide them under good makeup. When tattoos can be concealed with good make-up, why not freckles. Try a heavy base foundation and a good concealer to camouflage them. Embrace your freckles if you can. It is ok to be speckled! In this age of artificial beauty and heavily photoshopped images, freckles are seen as unpleasant marks on the skin; even treated like a skin disease. These are predominantly found on the face and can very well damage a person’s confidence. Numerous skin creams, laser treatments, etc. are being prescribed to treat them. Alas, everyone wants a porcelain clear skin. In reality, these are brown flat spots on the skin, genetic in nature and can happen to any fair skinned person from any race. The formation of freckles is triggered by exposure to sunlight. Exposure to UV-B radiation activates melanocytes to increase melanin production, which can cause freckles to become darker and more visible. Upon exposure to the sun, freckles will reappear if they have been altered with creams or lasers and not protected from the sun, but do fade with age in some cases. So, to conclude it is best if freckles are embraced like beauty spots and skin should be managed for overall health. Many Hollywood and Bollywood beauties and super models have freckles and they live with it in harmony. Julia Roberts, Megan Fox, Gisele Bundchen, Kate Moss, Lucy Liu, Bar Rafaeli, Julianne Moore, Sienna Miller, Lindsay Lohan, Jennifer Lawrence and many others from Hollywood have freckles and they are completely comfortable sporting it. Kareena Kapoor, Rani Mukherjee, Genelia D’Souza, Vidya Balan, Kangna Ranut and many other Bollywood actresses have accepted them as an extension of their personality. Few have more freckles than others but that doesn’t stop them from putting their best face forward. These are all A-listers and red-carpet regulars so we mortals should be ok with having a mark or two on our skin, isn’t it? I did want to try out Photo-facial to get rid of my freckles which is supposedly the best treatment for the brown spots. Many home-remedies suggest applying lime juice on the affected area to lighten the marks. These treatments do lighten the spots but freckles do not go away completely. And there is always a chance for them to reappear if the skin is exposed to direct sunlight. If you are still upset with your freckles, you can always hide them under good makeup. When tattoos can be concealed with good make-up, why not freckles. Try a heavy base foundation and a good concealer to camouflage them. Embrace your freckles if you can. It is ok to be speckled! Remember the last time you took your reluctant toddler to a parlor for a haircut and came out all bruised, deranged and completely exhausted with managing a wailing (shrieking, actually) child who refused to part with their locks. Phew! The aftermath of the exercise is either, an absurd haircut or a very high BP (the dread of scissors snipping the skin instead of hair on a protesting toddler kills you completely). Most of the times, the stylists refuse to touch hair of such young clients. Of course, it isn’t easy dealing with them. (Ask us parents!) And a few, whom they dare service cry after the haircut, stating it is not in style. And we adults look at them helplessly; completely clueless about what exactly is in style. So, to take care of the needs of these style conscious little munchkins, a dedicated kid’s salon has opened in Bandra West. It is called Starfish Kids Salon and is a brainchild of Marya Lanewala and Preeti Harkare. (God bless these angels!) Mumbaigloss decided to talk to these ladies to decode what exactly Starfish offers for your kids.  MG: How was Starfish conceptualised? How big is the team?  StarF: We were pretty unhappy when it came to getting salon service for our kids. Most of the salons across the city do not take young clients seriously. We spoke to several moms across Mumbai and other cities if they felt the same. We identified that there was certainly a need gap in the area of providing good quality salon services to children of all age groups. We can tell you that each one of the moms said that they would be keen to take their kids to a child friendly salon. Also, we did a good research to know exactly what was missing and from their Starfish was born. A lot of insights have also been gathered from within the family; my three year old daughter and our nephews and nieces were consulted about what they would like in a salon when we were planning the design and experience! We manage the salon and have 4 trained and experienced staff managing the services in our first salon.  MG: That’s impressive and a very new concept indeed. But is it difficult managing the prime clients, i.e. kids? Is it more time consuming than the regular clients?   StarF: It is not as difficult as one thinks. What works for us is that we have created an environment that is very child friendly i.e. bright and cheerful, with toys and other distractions. One of the very important factors has been that we identified our staff very carefully who could patiently deal with young children. It was important that they all like children as it automatically makes a warm and inviting place. We have trained them in interacting with children. Our head stylist, Dilshad, is well experienced and has been a hair stylist for children for over 10 years.   MG: Sounds good. What services are offered for kids in Starfish other than haircut/hairstyle?  StarF: We provide the entire range of salon services; in addition to haircuts. We do party styles for girls (curling, blow dry. crimping), oil massage and hair wash, hair braiding with/without accessories, mani and pedi for kids as well as nail art. We also have select services for mothers like blow dry, hair wash, mani, pedi and nail art, etc. Our belief is that kids should feel happy and engaged at Starfish Kids Salon rather than just coming for a service. We also have special offerings like ‘My haircut certificate’ for first haircuts and mundans or specially designed gift vouchers. Our basic services like trims start at Rs.350 for both boys and girls. The prices vary between Rs.450-500 for more advanced cuts and razor styles. Our other nail and styling services for kids and mothers are priced between Rs. 400 and upwards. We also have specialised services like Mundans, prices for which vary depending on whether it is done at salon or at home.  MG: Excellent! Mundans are not worrisome anymore. What are the latest trends in kid’s styles?   StarF: We get a lot of requests for Mohawks from boys. Now that the summer holidays have started, hairstyles are also getting more adventurous and fun, with requests for razor styles like spider webs, angry birds and other funky designs. Girls are also very adventurous and most of them are happy to go short for the summer. The graduating bob is the most loved currently. For party styles, we get a lot of requests for different braids and cute hair accessories.  MG: Do you organise salon parties for kids? What all is included?   StarF: Yes, we offer salon parties and playdates. Parents can chose from a variety of options. For girls there is hair styling to nail art or mani and pedi. For boys parents can opt for razor styles, gel styling, hand and feet clean up. The cost is between Rs. 600 to 900 per person depending on the services chosen (food not included). Thank you Marya and Preeti for giving us a peek into Starfish Kids Salon! I am sure many moms are relieved that now the haircutting for their kids is not going to be a hair-raising event for them. Starfish sounds like fun. If you are in and around Bandra, I would definitely suggest a visit to Starfish Kids Salon with your kids. All the kids are treated to special Starfish cookies and they can play in the waiting area with toys till their turn comes. My LO loved the pink Mini mouse chair and was happy to sit on it for a change. The staff is also very helpful. For more information, call 022 2642 3093. Mondays closed. Remember the last time you took your reluctant toddler to a parlor for a haircut and came out all bruised, deranged and completely exhausted with managing a wailing (shrieking, actually) child who refused to part with their locks. Phew! The aftermath of the exercise is either, an absurd haircut or a very high BP (the dread of scissors snipping the skin instead of hair on a protesting toddler kills you completely). Most of the times, the stylists refuse to touch hair of such young clients. Of course, it isn’t easy dealing with them. (Ask us parents!) And a few, whom they dare service cry after the haircut, stating it is not in style. And we adults look at them helplessly; completely clueless about what exactly is in style. So, to take care of the needs of these style conscious little munchkins, a dedicated kid’s salon has opened in Bandra West. It is called Starfish Kids Salon and is a brainchild of Marya Lanewala and Preeti Harkare. (God bless these angels!) Mumbaigloss decided to talk to these ladies to decode what exactly Starfish offers for your kids.  MG: How was Starfish conceptualised? How big is the team?  StarF: We were pretty unhappy when it came to getting salon service for our kids. Most of the salons across the city do not take young clients seriously. We spoke to several moms across Mumbai and other cities if they felt the same. We identified that there was certainly a need gap in the area of providing good quality salon services to children of all age groups. We can tell you that each one of the moms said that they would be keen to take their kids to a child friendly salon. Also, we did a good research to know exactly what was missing and from their Starfish was born. A lot of insights have also been gathered from within the family; my three year old daughter and our nephews and nieces were consulted about what they would like in a salon when we were planning the design and experience! We manage the salon and have 4 trained and experienced staff managing the services in our first salon.  MG: That’s impressive and a very new concept indeed. But is it difficult managing the prime clients, i.e. kids? Is it more time consuming than the regular clients?   StarF: It is not as difficult as one thinks. What works for us is that we have created an environment that is very child friendly i.e. bright and cheerful, with toys and other distractions. One of the very important factors has been that we identified our staff very carefully who could patiently deal with young children. It was important that they all like children as it automatically makes a warm and inviting place. We have trained them in interacting with children. Our head stylist, Dilshad, is well experienced and has been a hair stylist for children for over 10 years.   MG: Sounds good. What services are offered for kids in Starfish other than haircut/hairstyle?  StarF: We provide the entire range of salon services; in addition to haircuts. We do party styles for girls (curling, blow dry. crimping), oil massage and hair wash, hair braiding with/without accessories, mani and pedi for kids as well as nail art. We also have select services for mothers like blow dry, hair wash, mani, pedi and nail art, etc. Our belief is that kids should feel happy and engaged at Starfish Kids Salon rather than just coming for a service. We also have special offerings like ‘My haircut certificate’ for first haircuts and mundans or specially designed gift vouchers. Our basic services like trims start at Rs.350 for both boys and girls. The prices vary between Rs.450-500 for more advanced cuts and razor styles. Our other nail and styling services for kids and mothers are priced between Rs. 400 and upwards. We also have specialised services like Mundans, prices for which vary depending on whether it is done at salon or at home.  MG: Excellent! Mundans are not worrisome anymore. What are the latest trends in kid’s styles?   StarF: We get a lot of requests for Mohawks from boys. Now that the summer holidays have started, hairstyles are also getting more adventurous and fun, with requests for razor styles like spider webs, angry birds and other funky designs. Girls are also very adventurous and most of them are happy to go short for the summer. The graduating bob is the most loved currently. For party styles, we get a lot of requests for different braids and cute hair accessories.  MG: Do you organise salon parties for kids? What all is included?   StarF: Yes, we offer salon parties and playdates. Parents can chose from a variety of options. For girls there is hair styling to nail art or mani and pedi. For boys parents can opt for razor styles, gel styling, hand and feet clean up. The cost is between Rs. 600 to 900 per person depending on the services chosen (food not included). Thank you Marya and Preeti for giving us a peek into Starfish Kids Salon! I am sure many moms are relieved that now the haircutting for their kids is not going to be a hair-raising event for them. Starfish sounds like fun. If you are in and around Bandra, I would definitely suggest a visit to Starfish Kids Salon with your kids. All the kids are treated to special Starfish cookies and they can play in the waiting area with toys till their turn comes. My LO loved the pink Mini mouse chair and was happy to sit on it for a change. The staff is also very helpful. For more information, call 022 2642 3093. Mondays closed. Remember the last time you took your reluctant toddler to a parlor for a haircut and came out all bruised, deranged and completely exhausted with managing a wailing (shrieking, actually) child who refused to part with their locks. Phew! The aftermath of the exercise is either, an absurd haircut or a very high BP (the dread of scissors snipping the skin instead of hair on a protesting toddler kills you completely). Most of the times, the stylists refuse to touch hair of such young clients. Of course, it isn’t easy dealing with them. (Ask us parents!) And a few, whom they dare service cry after the haircut, stating it is not in style. And we adults look at them helplessly; completely clueless about what exactly is in style. So, to take care of the needs of these style conscious little munchkins, a dedicated kid’s salon has opened in Bandra West. It is called Starfish Kids Salon and is a brainchild of Marya Lanewala and Preeti Harkare. (God bless these angels!) Mumbaigloss decided to talk to these ladies to decode what exactly Starfish offers for your kids.  MG: How was Starfish conceptualised? How big is the team?  StarF: We were pretty unhappy when it came to getting salon service for our kids. Most of the salons across the city do not take young clients seriously. We spoke to several moms across Mumbai and other cities if they felt the same. We identified that there was certainly a need gap in the area of providing good quality salon services to children of all age groups. We can tell you that each one of the moms said that they would be keen to take their kids to a child friendly salon. Also, we did a good research to know exactly what was missing and from their Starfish was born. A lot of insights have also been gathered from within the family; my three year old daughter and our nephews and nieces were consulted about what they would like in a salon when we were planning the design and experience! We manage the salon and have 4 trained and experienced staff managing the services in our first salon.  MG: That’s impressive and a very new concept indeed. But is it difficult managing the prime clients, i.e. kids? Is it more time consuming than the regular clients?   StarF: It is not as difficult as one thinks. What works for us is that we have created an environment that is very child friendly i.e. bright and cheerful, with toys and other distractions. One of the very important factors has been that we identified our staff very carefully who could patiently deal with young children. It was important that they all like children as it automatically makes a warm and inviting place. We have trained them in interacting with children. Our head stylist, Dilshad, is well experienced and has been a hair stylist for children for over 10 years.   MG: Sounds good. What services are offered for kids in Starfish other than haircut/hairstyle?  StarF: We provide the entire range of salon services; in addition to haircuts. We do party styles for girls (curling, blow dry. crimping), oil massage and hair wash, hair braiding with/without accessories, mani and pedi for kids as well as nail art. We also have select services for mothers like blow dry, hair wash, mani, pedi and nail art, etc. Our belief is that kids should feel happy and engaged at Starfish Kids Salon rather than just coming for a service. We also have special offerings like ‘My haircut certificate’ for first haircuts and mundans or specially designed gift vouchers. Our basic services like trims start at Rs.350 for both boys and girls. The prices vary between Rs.450-500 for more advanced cuts and razor styles. Our other nail and styling services for kids and mothers are priced between Rs. 400 and upwards. We also have specialised services like Mundans, prices for which vary depending on whether it is done at salon or at home.  MG: Excellent! Mundans are not worrisome anymore. What are the latest trends in kid’s styles?   StarF: We get a lot of requests for Mohawks from boys. Now that the summer holidays have started, hairstyles are also getting more adventurous and fun, with requests for razor styles like spider webs, angry birds and other funky designs. Girls are also very adventurous and most of them are happy to go short for the summer. The graduating bob is the most loved currently. For party styles, we get a lot of requests for different braids and cute hair accessories.  MG: Do you organise salon parties for kids? What all is included?   StarF: Yes, we offer salon parties and playdates. Parents can chose from a variety of options. For girls there is hair styling to nail art or mani and pedi. For boys parents can opt for razor styles, gel styling, hand and feet clean up. The cost is between Rs. 600 to 900 per person depending on the services chosen (food not included). Thank you Marya and Preeti for giving us a peek into Starfish Kids Salon! I am sure many moms are relieved that now the haircutting for their kids is not going to be a hair-raising event for them. Starfish sounds like fun. If you are in and around Bandra, I would definitely suggest a visit to Starfish Kids Salon with your kids. All the kids are treated to special Starfish cookies and they can play in the waiting area with toys till their turn comes. My LO loved the pink Mini mouse chair and was happy to sit on it for a change. The staff is also very helpful. For more information, call 022 2642 3093. Mondays closed. Remember the last time you took your reluctant toddler to a parlor for a haircut and came out all bruised, deranged and completely exhausted with managing a wailing (shrieking, actually) child who refused to part with their locks. Phew! The aftermath of the exercise is either, an absurd haircut or a very high BP (the dread of scissors snipping the skin instead of hair on a protesting toddler kills you completely). Most of the times, the stylists refuse to touch hair of such young clients. Of course, it isn’t easy dealing with them. (Ask us parents!) And a few, whom they dare service cry after the haircut, stating it is not in style. And we adults look at them helplessly; completely clueless about what exactly is in style. So, to take care of the needs of these style conscious little munchkins, a dedicated kid’s salon has opened in Bandra West. It is called Starfish Kids Salon and is a brainchild of Marya Lanewala and Preeti Harkare. (God bless these angels!) Mumbaigloss decided to talk to these ladies to decode what exactly Starfish offers for your kids.  MG: How was Starfish conceptualised? How big is the team?  StarF: We were pretty unhappy when it came to getting salon service for our kids. Most of the salons across the city do not take young clients seriously. We spoke to several moms across Mumbai and other cities if they felt the same. We identified that there was certainly a need gap in the area of providing good quality salon services to children of all age groups. We can tell you that each one of the moms said that they would be keen to take their kids to a child friendly salon. Also, we did a good research to know exactly what was missing and from their Starfish was born. A lot of insights have also been gathered from within the family; my three year old daughter and our nephews and nieces were consulted about what they would like in a salon when we were planning the design and experience! We manage the salon and have 4 trained and experienced staff managing the services in our first salon.  MG: That’s impressive and a very new concept indeed. But is it difficult managing the prime clients, i.e. kids? Is it more time consuming than the regular clients?   StarF: It is not as difficult as one thinks. What works for us is that we have created an environment that is very child friendly i.e. bright and cheerful, with toys and other distractions. One of the very important factors has been that we identified our staff very carefully who could patiently deal with young children. It was important that they all like children as it automatically makes a warm and inviting place. We have trained them in interacting with children. Our head stylist, Dilshad, is well experienced and has been a hair stylist for children for over 10 years.   MG: Sounds good. What services are offered for kids in Starfish other than haircut/hairstyle?  StarF: We provide the entire range of salon services; in addition to haircuts. We do party styles for girls (curling, blow dry. crimping), oil massage and hair wash, hair braiding with/without accessories, mani and pedi for kids as well as nail art. We also have select services for mothers like blow dry, hair wash, mani, pedi and nail art, etc. Our belief is that kids should feel happy and engaged at Starfish Kids Salon rather than just coming for a service. We also have special offerings like ‘My haircut certificate’ for first haircuts and mundans or specially designed gift vouchers. Our basic services like trims start at Rs.350 for both boys and girls. The prices vary between Rs.450-500 for more advanced cuts and razor styles. Our other nail and styling services for kids and mothers are priced between Rs. 400 and upwards. We also have specialised services like Mundans, prices for which vary depending on whether it is done at salon or at home.  MG: Excellent! Mundans are not worrisome anymore. What are the latest trends in kid’s styles?   StarF: We get a lot of requests for Mohawks from boys. Now that the summer holidays have started, hairstyles are also getting more adventurous and fun, with requests for razor styles like spider webs, angry birds and other funky designs. Girls are also very adventurous and most of them are happy to go short for the summer. The graduating bob is the most loved currently. For party styles, we get a lot of requests for different braids and cute hair accessories.  MG: Do you organise salon parties for kids? What all is included?   StarF: Yes, we offer salon parties and playdates. Parents can chose from a variety of options. For girls there is hair styling to nail art or mani and pedi. For boys parents can opt for razor styles, gel styling, hand and feet clean up. The cost is between Rs. 600 to 900 per person depending on the services chosen (food not included). Thank you Marya and Preeti for giving us a peek into Starfish Kids Salon! I am sure many moms are relieved that now the haircutting for their kids is not going to be a hair-raising event for them. Starfish sounds like fun. If you are in and around Bandra, I would definitely suggest a visit to Starfish Kids Salon with your kids. All the kids are treated to special Starfish cookies and they can play in the waiting area with toys till their turn comes. My LO loved the pink Mini mouse chair and was happy to sit on it for a change. The staff is also very helpful. For more information, call 022 2642 3093. Mondays closed. We at Mumbaigloss have been harping about the latest trends for some time now. Lakme Fashion Week followed by Wills Lifestyle India Fashion week happened back to back at Mumbai and Delhi. And these two giants of the Indian fashion scene threw in some major style overhaul. Bigger and bolder was the norm. Even accessories were seen chunkier (not heavier). Let us list a few trending accessories style from WIFW so that next time you go shopping, you know what to pick. Tribal print clutch and handcuff  Not only tribal print dresses, even tribal print accessories made a mark at WIFW. Woven fabrics like jute were combined with bright tribal print lace to create an outstanding piece. Matching hand cuff also added to the creativity. This is a brilliant concept and can be easily adapted into everyday wear. Chunky metallic handcuff  I know a few would feel that such looks will only look good in mythological melodramas, but if worn aesthetically it will add the glam quotient to any evening wear. Especially, during summers, when tank tops and sleeveless becomes the ritual; this accessory will make a statement and will add the drama required to your simple cotton dress or ensemble. Chunky metallic neck collar  Neck collars have been much in fashion last year. But an ethnic chunky twist to the somber peter-pan collars or stone cut-outs is definitely eye-catching. This will add the edginess to a plain spaghetti strap top or ganjee when worn with a floor length skirt. Chunky jeweled head wear  Add florals and some pearls and some sequins and some….and the list is never ending. The underline is –chunkier the headwear, the better it is. It should be next to a princess’s tiara. The best way to carry off this look is to keep rest of the accessories understated. Chunky chaand balis  Deepika Padukone did make chaand balis fashionable again with her Raam Leela get-up last year. But little did we know that chaand balis can equally up the style quotient in western wear as well. Next time, try a chaand bali with your evening gown. Indo-western fusion is hot in this season. Metallic clutches  Looks like metallic clutches will never go out of fashion. Chunky ethnic metallic clutches which you kept aside after your wedding can be easily teamed with denim shirts and skinny jeans. Hope this list will help you next time you go accessories shopping. Reigning trend is Indo-Western fusion. Let us know which accessories did you like? We at Mumbaigloss have been harping about the latest trends for some time now. Lakme Fashion Week followed by Wills Lifestyle India Fashion week happened back to back at Mumbai and Delhi. And these two giants of the Indian fashion scene threw in some major style overhaul. Bigger and bolder was the norm. Even accessories were seen chunkier (not heavier). Let us list a few trending accessories style from WIFW so that next time you go shopping, you know what to pick. Tribal print clutch and handcuff  Not only tribal print dresses, even tribal print accessories made a mark at WIFW. Woven fabrics like jute were combined with bright tribal print lace to create an outstanding piece. Matching hand cuff also added to the creativity. This is a brilliant concept and can be easily adapted into everyday wear. Chunky metallic handcuff  I know a few would feel that such looks will only look good in mythological melodramas, but if worn aesthetically it will add the glam quotient to any evening wear. Especially, during summers, when tank tops and sleeveless becomes the ritual; this accessory will make a statement and will add the drama required to your simple cotton dress or ensemble. Chunky metallic neck collar  Neck collars have been much in fashion last year. But an ethnic chunky twist to the somber peter-pan collars or stone cut-outs is definitely eye-catching. This will add the edginess to a plain spaghetti strap top or ganjee when worn with a floor length skirt. Chunky jeweled head wear  Add florals and some pearls and some sequins and some….and the list is never ending. The underline is –chunkier the headwear, the better it is. It should be next to a princess’s tiara. The best way to carry off this look is to keep rest of the accessories understated. Chunky chaand balis  Deepika Padukone did make chaand balis fashionable again with her Raam Leela get-up last year. But little did we know that chaand balis can equally up the style quotient in western wear as well. Next time, try a chaand bali with your evening gown. Indo-western fusion is hot in this season. Metallic clutches  Looks like metallic clutches will never go out of fashion. Chunky ethnic metallic clutches which you kept aside after your wedding can be easily teamed with denim shirts and skinny jeans. Hope this list will help you next time you go accessories shopping. Reigning trend is Indo-Western fusion. Let us know which accessories did you like? We at Mumbaigloss have been harping about the latest trends for some time now. Lakme Fashion Week followed by Wills Lifestyle India Fashion week happened back to back at Mumbai and Delhi. And these two giants of the Indian fashion scene threw in some major style overhaul. Bigger and bolder was the norm. Even accessories were seen chunkier (not heavier). Let us list a few trending accessories style from WIFW so that next time you go shopping, you know what to pick. Tribal print clutch and handcuff  Not only tribal print dresses, even tribal print accessories made a mark at WIFW. Woven fabrics like jute were combined with bright tribal print lace to create an outstanding piece. Matching hand cuff also added to the creativity. This is a brilliant concept and can be easily adapted into everyday wear. Chunky metallic handcuff  I know a few would feel that such looks will only look good in mythological melodramas, but if worn aesthetically it will add the glam quotient to any evening wear. Especially, during summers, when tank tops and sleeveless becomes the ritual; this accessory will make a statement and will add the drama required to your simple cotton dress or ensemble. Chunky metallic neck collar  Neck collars have been much in fashion last year. But an ethnic chunky twist to the somber peter-pan collars or stone cut-outs is definitely eye-catching. This will add the edginess to a plain spaghetti strap top or ganjee when worn with a floor length skirt. Chunky jeweled head wear  Add florals and some pearls and some sequins and some….and the list is never ending. The underline is –chunkier the headwear, the better it is. It should be next to a princess’s tiara. The best way to carry off this look is to keep rest of the accessories understated. Chunky chaand balis  Deepika Padukone did make chaand balis fashionable again with her Raam Leela get-up last year. But little did we know that chaand balis can equally up the style quotient in western wear as well. Next time, try a chaand bali with your evening gown. Indo-western fusion is hot in this season. Metallic clutches  Looks like metallic clutches will never go out of fashion. Chunky ethnic metallic clutches which you kept aside after your wedding can be easily teamed with denim shirts and skinny jeans. Hope this list will help you next time you go accessories shopping. Reigning trend is Indo-Western fusion. Let us know which accessories did you like? We at Mumbaigloss have been harping about the latest trends for some time now. Lakme Fashion Week followed by Wills Lifestyle India Fashion week happened back to back at Mumbai and Delhi. And these two giants of the Indian fashion scene threw in some major style overhaul. Bigger and bolder was the norm. Even accessories were seen chunkier (not heavier). Let us list a few trending accessories style from WIFW so that next time you go shopping, you know what to pick. Tribal print clutch and handcuff  Not only tribal print dresses, even tribal print accessories made a mark at WIFW. Woven fabrics like jute were combined with bright tribal print lace to create an outstanding piece. Matching hand cuff also added to the creativity. This is a brilliant concept and can be easily adapted into everyday wear. Chunky metallic handcuff  I know a few would feel that such looks will only look good in mythological melodramas, but if worn aesthetically it will add the glam quotient to any evening wear. Especially, during summers, when tank tops and sleeveless becomes the ritual; this accessory will make a statement and will add the drama required to your simple cotton dress or ensemble. Chunky metallic neck collar  Neck collars have been much in fashion last year. But an ethnic chunky twist to the somber peter-pan collars or stone cut-outs is definitely eye-catching. This will add the edginess to a plain spaghetti strap top or ganjee when worn with a floor length skirt. Chunky jeweled head wear  Add florals and some pearls and some sequins and some….and the list is never ending. The underline is –chunkier the headwear, the better it is. It should be next to a princess’s tiara. The best way to carry off this look is to keep rest of the accessories understated. Chunky chaand balis  Deepika Padukone did make chaand balis fashionable again with her Raam Leela get-up last year. But little did we know that chaand balis can equally up the style quotient in western wear as well. Next time, try a chaand bali with your evening gown. Indo-western fusion is hot in this season. Metallic clutches  Looks like metallic clutches will never go out of fashion. Chunky ethnic metallic clutches which you kept aside after your wedding can be easily teamed with denim shirts and skinny jeans. Hope this list will help you next time you go accessories shopping. Reigning trend is Indo-Western fusion. Let us know which accessories did you like? Wills Lifestyle India Fashion Week concluded on March 30. Delhi fashion circle got a chunk of the latest fashion trends in the form of various accessories, makeup, colors, silhouettes, prints, details, etc. during this event. We at Mumbaigloss, decided to put together five most trending makeup looks from this fashion week which you can use in your everyday makeup wear. Blue & Black lipstick  After Rihanna sported a dark blue lipstick a couple of months back, it has become a style statement for fashionistas world over. Similar trend was seen at WIFW where models used navy, deep maroon, black lipstick to create an impactful look. This look can be easily adapted to your regular style. You can wear navy or black lipstick with a pair of denims as well an evening dress. The only catch is that the over-all look should suggest hip and cool. Just ensure that your eyes stay as natural as possible so avoid using dark eye-shadows. Dark lipstick looks good with bold and pronounced eye brow. To create this look, just prep your skin with a foundation or BB cream of your choice. Fill the brows with brow gel or eye pencil to make it look bold and pronounced. Use mascara to open up your eyes. Use a dark lip liner to line the lips and fill them with the navy or black color lipstick. This look goes best with matte finish lipstick. If you see extra cream or gloss on your lips, just bloat it with a napkin. Brands like Ana Sui, Channel, NYX and many others have black lipstick in their collection. White eye-liner  Lakme recently launched the Eyeconic White eye-liner. And with that putting white eye-liner has become the latest trend. Though, white eyeliner has been used by the make-up artists since ages to make the eyes look bigger and create a Bambi wide-eyed look. WIFW saw the perfect use of white eye-liner on the ramp where the models were trying to keep their makeup subtle. White eye-liner looks great with a winged black liner on the top lashes. Just use it like a regular kajal on the tear-line to open up the eyes and make them look fresh and bigger. Brands like NYX, Maybelline and others have white-eyeliner in their product line. White eye-liner is also used under the brow to highlight the brow bone. You can use it towards the inner corner of the eyes to make your eyes look wide-set. Metallic eye-shadows  Metallics ruled the ramp. Not only with the fabrics but with the makeup as well. Silver, gold, bronze, and several metallic hues were seen during the event. But what caught our attention was the use of metallic eye shadow used in the inner corners of the eyes along with very subtle makeup. Lips were kept natural, flesh pink or nude. The eyebrows were made bold and the eyes were highlighted with muted colors like browns, greys, etc. along with metallic eye-shadows. This look can be easily used in day-to-night makeup. Just add pearl finish or metal finish eye shadow to your day-time brown smokey eye and you are ready to rock the party. Metallic eye shadows easily glam up your face. As the other factors are kept natural, so it doesn’t look over-the-top. It can be used both during day-time and night makeup. Brands like Lakme, Stila, NYX, Bobby Brown and many others have metallic eyeshadows in their product line. Chin Bindi/stick-on tattoo  Chin stick-on tattoo is the next fashion statement from the tribal influenced makeup after temple bindis. This look is for the bold and fierce. It will look best with edgy accessories like ear cuffs, feather jewellery or tribal print dresses. The mantra to keep the look elegant is by keeping other makeup subtle. Again, bold brows add to the look but other makeup like eyes, lips, cheeks, etc. need to be kept understated. To make this look even more dramatic, put double winged eyeliner and you will certainly garner a lot of attention. To create a chin bindi without stick-on-tattoo, you can use liquid black eye pen. The same pen can be used to create winged eye-liner. Lakme, Revlon and many other brands have liquid pen eyeliner in their product line. Grey smokey eyes  Grey is the new black in the smokey eye world. If you are tired of sporting raccoon like eyes in black smokey eyes then go for subtle colors like greys and browns to create a smokey eye. It looks good with summer colors and light fabrics. Pink glossy lips look best with grey smokey eyes. You can wear this look in both night and day. So, we see that the makeup trend for summer is understated, soft, muted colors where eyebrows and eyes have been given a prominent space. Which trend you going to try out this summer? Wills Lifestyle India Fashion Week concluded on March 30. Delhi fashion circle got a chunk of the latest fashion trends in the form of various accessories, makeup, colors, silhouettes, prints, details, etc. during this event. We at Mumbaigloss, decided to put together five most trending makeup looks from this fashion week which you can use in your everyday makeup wear. Blue & Black lipstick  After Rihanna sported a dark blue lipstick a couple of months back, it has become a style statement for fashionistas world over. Similar trend was seen at WIFW where models used navy, deep maroon, black lipstick to create an impactful look. This look can be easily adapted to your regular style. You can wear navy or black lipstick with a pair of denims as well an evening dress. The only catch is that the over-all look should suggest hip and cool. Just ensure that your eyes stay as natural as possible so avoid using dark eye-shadows. Dark lipstick looks good with bold and pronounced eye brow. To create this look, just prep your skin with a foundation or BB cream of your choice. Fill the brows with brow gel or eye pencil to make it look bold and pronounced. Use mascara to open up your eyes. Use a dark lip liner to line the lips and fill them with the navy or black color lipstick. This look goes best with matte finish lipstick. If you see extra cream or gloss on your lips, just bloat it with a napkin. Brands like Ana Sui, Channel, NYX and many others have black lipstick in their collection. White eye-liner  Lakme recently launched the Eyeconic White eye-liner. And with that putting white eye-liner has become the latest trend. Though, white eyeliner has been used by the make-up artists since ages to make the eyes look bigger and create a Bambi wide-eyed look. WIFW saw the perfect use of white eye-liner on the ramp where the models were trying to keep their makeup subtle. White eye-liner looks great with a winged black liner on the top lashes. Just use it like a regular kajal on the tear-line to open up the eyes and make them look fresh and bigger. Brands like NYX, Maybelline and others have white-eyeliner in their product line. White eye-liner is also used under the brow to highlight the brow bone. You can use it towards the inner corner of the eyes to make your eyes look wide-set. Metallic eye-shadows  Metallics ruled the ramp. Not only with the fabrics but with the makeup as well. Silver, gold, bronze, and several metallic hues were seen during the event. But what caught our attention was the use of metallic eye shadow used in the inner corners of the eyes along with very subtle makeup. Lips were kept natural, flesh pink or nude. The eyebrows were made bold and the eyes were highlighted with muted colors like browns, greys, etc. along with metallic eye-shadows. This look can be easily used in day-to-night makeup. Just add pearl finish or metal finish eye shadow to your day-time brown smokey eye and you are ready to rock the party. Metallic eye shadows easily glam up your face. As the other factors are kept natural, so it doesn’t look over-the-top. It can be used both during day-time and night makeup. Brands like Lakme, Stila, NYX, Bobby Brown and many others have metallic eyeshadows in their product line. Chin Bindi/stick-on tattoo  Chin stick-on tattoo is the next fashion statement from the tribal influenced makeup after temple bindis. This look is for the bold and fierce. It will look best with edgy accessories like ear cuffs, feather jewellery or tribal print dresses. The mantra to keep the look elegant is by keeping other makeup subtle. Again, bold brows add to the look but other makeup like eyes, lips, cheeks, etc. need to be kept understated. To make this look even more dramatic, put double winged eyeliner and you will certainly garner a lot of attention. To create a chin bindi without stick-on-tattoo, you can use liquid black eye pen. The same pen can be used to create winged eye-liner. Lakme, Revlon and many other brands have liquid pen eyeliner in their product line. Grey smokey eyes  Grey is the new black in the smokey eye world. If you are tired of sporting raccoon like eyes in black smokey eyes then go for subtle colors like greys and browns to create a smokey eye. It looks good with summer colors and light fabrics. Pink glossy lips look best with grey smokey eyes. You can wear this look in both night and day. So, we see that the makeup trend for summer is understated, soft, muted colors where eyebrows and eyes have been given a prominent space. Which trend you going to try out this summer? Wills Lifestyle India Fashion Week concluded on March 30. Delhi fashion circle got a chunk of the latest fashion trends in the form of various accessories, makeup, colors, silhouettes, prints, details, etc. during this event. We at Mumbaigloss, decided to put together five most trending makeup looks from this fashion week which you can use in your everyday makeup wear. Blue & Black lipstick  After Rihanna sported a dark blue lipstick a couple of months back, it has become a style statement for fashionistas world over. Similar trend was seen at WIFW where models used navy, deep maroon, black lipstick to create an impactful look. This look can be easily adapted to your regular style. You can wear navy or black lipstick with a pair of denims as well an evening dress. The only catch is that the over-all look should suggest hip and cool. Just ensure that your eyes stay as natural as possible so avoid using dark eye-shadows. Dark lipstick looks good with bold and pronounced eye brow. To create this look, just prep your skin with a foundation or BB cream of your choice. Fill the brows with brow gel or eye pencil to make it look bold and pronounced. Use mascara to open up your eyes. Use a dark lip liner to line the lips and fill them with the navy or black color lipstick. This look goes best with matte finish lipstick. If you see extra cream or gloss on your lips, just bloat it with a napkin. Brands like Ana Sui, Channel, NYX and many others have black lipstick in their collection. White eye-liner  Lakme recently launched the Eyeconic White eye-liner. And with that putting white eye-liner has become the latest trend. Though, white eyeliner has been used by the make-up artists since ages to make the eyes look bigger and create a Bambi wide-eyed look. WIFW saw the perfect use of white eye-liner on the ramp where the models were trying to keep their makeup subtle. White eye-liner looks great with a winged black liner on the top lashes. Just use it like a regular kajal on the tear-line to open up the eyes and make them look fresh and bigger. Brands like NYX, Maybelline and others have white-eyeliner in their product line. White eye-liner is also used under the brow to highlight the brow bone. You can use it towards the inner corner of the eyes to make your eyes look wide-set. Metallic eye-shadows  Metallics ruled the ramp. Not only with the fabrics but with the makeup as well. Silver, gold, bronze, and several metallic hues were seen during the event. But what caught our attention was the use of metallic eye shadow used in the inner corners of the eyes along with very subtle makeup. Lips were kept natural, flesh pink or nude. The eyebrows were made bold and the eyes were highlighted with muted colors like browns, greys, etc. along with metallic eye-shadows. This look can be easily used in day-to-night makeup. Just add pearl finish or metal finish eye shadow to your day-time brown smokey eye and you are ready to rock the party. Metallic eye shadows easily glam up your face. As the other factors are kept natural, so it doesn’t look over-the-top. It can be used both during day-time and night makeup. Brands like Lakme, Stila, NYX, Bobby Brown and many others have metallic eyeshadows in their product line. Chin Bindi/stick-on tattoo  Chin stick-on tattoo is the next fashion statement from the tribal influenced makeup after temple bindis. This look is for the bold and fierce. It will look best with edgy accessories like ear cuffs, feather jewellery or tribal print dresses. The mantra to keep the look elegant is by keeping other makeup subtle. Again, bold brows add to the look but other makeup like eyes, lips, cheeks, etc. need to be kept understated. To make this look even more dramatic, put double winged eyeliner and you will certainly garner a lot of attention. To create a chin bindi without stick-on-tattoo, you can use liquid black eye pen. The same pen can be used to create winged eye-liner. Lakme, Revlon and many other brands have liquid pen eyeliner in their product line. Grey smokey eyes  Grey is the new black in the smokey eye world. If you are tired of sporting raccoon like eyes in black smokey eyes then go for subtle colors like greys and browns to create a smokey eye. It looks good with summer colors and light fabrics. Pink glossy lips look best with grey smokey eyes. You can wear this look in both night and day. So, we see that the makeup trend for summer is understated, soft, muted colors where eyebrows and eyes have been given a prominent space. Which trend you going to try out this summer? Wills Lifestyle India Fashion Week concluded on March 30. Delhi fashion circle got a chunk of the latest fashion trends in the form of various accessories, makeup, colors, silhouettes, prints, details, etc. during this event. We at Mumbaigloss, decided to put together five most trending makeup looks from this fashion week which you can use in your everyday makeup wear. Blue & Black lipstick  After Rihanna sported a dark blue lipstick a couple of months back, it has become a style statement for fashionistas world over. Similar trend was seen at WIFW where models used navy, deep maroon, black lipstick to create an impactful look. This look can be easily adapted to your regular style. You can wear navy or black lipstick with a pair of denims as well an evening dress. The only catch is that the over-all look should suggest hip and cool. Just ensure that your eyes stay as natural as possible so avoid using dark eye-shadows. Dark lipstick looks good with bold and pronounced eye brow. To create this look, just prep your skin with a foundation or BB cream of your choice. Fill the brows with brow gel or eye pencil to make it look bold and pronounced. Use mascara to open up your eyes. Use a dark lip liner to line the lips and fill them with the navy or black color lipstick. This look goes best with matte finish lipstick. If you see extra cream or gloss on your lips, just bloat it with a napkin. Brands like Ana Sui, Channel, NYX and many others have black lipstick in their collection. White eye-liner  Lakme recently launched the Eyeconic White eye-liner. And with that putting white eye-liner has become the latest trend. Though, white eyeliner has been used by the make-up artists since ages to make the eyes look bigger and create a Bambi wide-eyed look. WIFW saw the perfect use of white eye-liner on the ramp where the models were trying to keep their makeup subtle. White eye-liner looks great with a winged black liner on the top lashes. Just use it like a regular kajal on the tear-line to open up the eyes and make them look fresh and bigger. Brands like NYX, Maybelline and others have white-eyeliner in their product line. White eye-liner is also used under the brow to highlight the brow bone. You can use it towards the inner corner of the eyes to make your eyes look wide-set. Metallic eye-shadows  Metallics ruled the ramp. Not only with the fabrics but with the makeup as well. Silver, gold, bronze, and several metallic hues were seen during the event. But what caught our attention was the use of metallic eye shadow used in the inner corners of the eyes along with very subtle makeup. Lips were kept natural, flesh pink or nude. The eyebrows were made bold and the eyes were highlighted with muted colors like browns, greys, etc. along with metallic eye-shadows. This look can be easily used in day-to-night makeup. Just add pearl finish or metal finish eye shadow to your day-time brown smokey eye and you are ready to rock the party. Metallic eye shadows easily glam up your face. As the other factors are kept natural, so it doesn’t look over-the-top. It can be used both during day-time and night makeup. Brands like Lakme, Stila, NYX, Bobby Brown and many others have metallic eyeshadows in their product line. Chin Bindi/stick-on tattoo  Chin stick-on tattoo is the next fashion statement from the tribal influenced makeup after temple bindis. This look is for the bold and fierce. It will look best with edgy accessories like ear cuffs, feather jewellery or tribal print dresses. The mantra to keep the look elegant is by keeping other makeup subtle. Again, bold brows add to the look but other makeup like eyes, lips, cheeks, etc. need to be kept understated. To make this look even more dramatic, put double winged eyeliner and you will certainly garner a lot of attention. To create a chin bindi without stick-on-tattoo, you can use liquid black eye pen. The same pen can be used to create winged eye-liner. Lakme, Revlon and many other brands have liquid pen eyeliner in their product line. Grey smokey eyes  Grey is the new black in the smokey eye world. If you are tired of sporting raccoon like eyes in black smokey eyes then go for subtle colors like greys and browns to create a smokey eye. It looks good with summer colors and light fabrics. Pink glossy lips look best with grey smokey eyes. You can wear this look in both night and day. So, we see that the makeup trend for summer is understated, soft, muted colors where eyebrows and eyes have been given a prominent space. Which trend you going to try out this summer? Lakme Fashion Week Summer Resort 2014 is over a week ago but we just can’t stop raving about the terrific trends it showcased this season. We have chosen the five most doable and stylish trends which can be easily adapted to your everyday wear. 1) Crop top Crop top has been here for a while and is certainly not going anywhere for sure. If you have a toned mid-riff, this is the perfect opportunity to show off. It is a summer trend which can be easily worn with a long skirt, palazzo pants and even skater skirts.   2) Print on print Print on print adds a lot of character to your ensemble. It is difficult to match it perfectly but once you know the trick about what works for you, you will score a 10 on 10 with the style brigade. Try and get the prints from the same color family. Fine prints and bold prints can be contrasted against each other.  Look for the colors which compliment you.   3) Art Who said you cannot wear art. Designers like Aarti Vijay Gupta, GeNext by INIFD, Love from India presented tops which had art print and looked striking and impressive. One of the best ways to showcase your love for culture and art is by wearing one on yourself. The bright prints are bold and do make a statement. Wear a short dress with art print or team it up with printed leggings to up your style quotient.   4) Trousers with high-low hem capes/tops Darling Lisa Haydon made high-low hem cape with hot denim pants look super cool in ‘Queen’. But it wasn’t the first time high-low hem made heads turn. It has been here for a while and looks like it’s going to grow stronger in the world of Indian fashion with each passing day. Especially, when ace designers like Suman Nathwani and Manish Malhotra showcased formal trousers with high-low hem capes/tops in their collection. It looks super chic and can be easily adopted in everyday wear.   5) Maang Tikka with western wear After Deepika Padukone appeared in a maang tikka along with a red-carpet gown in one of the recent award ceremonies, this has become a style statement for many. Even, Lakme Fashion Week saw many designers promoting this style. If you plan to wear one, try and choose delicate designs for day wear. Team it with skirts, trousers and anything you like. Bouffant hair styles help to carry these headgears better.     Lakme Fashion Week Summer Resort 2014 is over a week ago but we just can’t stop raving about the terrific trends it showcased this season. We have chosen the five most doable and stylish trends which can be easily adapted to your everyday wear. 1) Crop top Crop top has been here for a while and is certainly not going anywhere for sure. If you have a toned mid-riff, this is the perfect opportunity to show off. It is a summer trend which can be easily worn with a long skirt, palazzo pants and even skater skirts.   2) Print on print Print on print adds a lot of character to your ensemble. It is difficult to match it perfectly but once you know the trick about what works for you, you will score a 10 on 10 with the style brigade. Try and get the prints from the same color family. Fine prints and bold prints can be contrasted against each other.  Look for the colors which compliment you.   3) Art Who said you cannot wear art. Designers like Aarti Vijay Gupta, GeNext by INIFD, Love from India presented tops which had art print and looked striking and impressive. One of the best ways to showcase your love for culture and art is by wearing one on yourself. The bright prints are bold and do make a statement. Wear a short dress with art print or team it up with printed leggings to up your style quotient.   4) Trousers with high-low hem capes/tops Darling Lisa Haydon made high-low hem cape with hot denim pants look super cool in ‘Queen’. But it wasn’t the first time high-low hem made heads turn. It has been here for a while and looks like it’s going to grow stronger in the world of Indian fashion with each passing day. Especially, when ace designers like Suman Nathwani and Manish Malhotra showcased formal trousers with high-low hem capes/tops in their collection. It looks super chic and can be easily adopted in everyday wear.   5) Maang Tikka with western wear After Deepika Padukone appeared in a maang tikka along with a red-carpet gown in one of the recent award ceremonies, this has become a style statement for many. Even, Lakme Fashion Week saw many designers promoting this style. If you plan to wear one, try and choose delicate designs for day wear. Team it with skirts, trousers and anything you like. Bouffant hair styles help to carry these headgears better.     Lakme Fashion Week Summer Resort 2014 is over a week ago but we just can’t stop raving about the terrific trends it showcased this season. We have chosen the five most doable and stylish trends which can be easily adapted to your everyday wear. 1) Crop top Crop top has been here for a while and is certainly not going anywhere for sure. If you have a toned mid-riff, this is the perfect opportunity to show off. It is a summer trend which can be easily worn with a long skirt, palazzo pants and even skater skirts.   2) Print on print Print on print adds a lot of character to your ensemble. It is difficult to match it perfectly but once you know the trick about what works for you, you will score a 10 on 10 with the style brigade. Try and get the prints from the same color family. Fine prints and bold prints can be contrasted against each other.  Look for the colors which compliment you.   3) Art Who said you cannot wear art. Designers like Aarti Vijay Gupta, GeNext by INIFD, Love from India presented tops which had art print and looked striking and impressive. One of the best ways to showcase your love for culture and art is by wearing one on yourself. The bright prints are bold and do make a statement. Wear a short dress with art print or team it up with printed leggings to up your style quotient.   4) Trousers with high-low hem capes/tops Darling Lisa Haydon made high-low hem cape with hot denim pants look super cool in ‘Queen’. But it wasn’t the first time high-low hem made heads turn. It has been here for a while and looks like it’s going to grow stronger in the world of Indian fashion with each passing day. Especially, when ace designers like Suman Nathwani and Manish Malhotra showcased formal trousers with high-low hem capes/tops in their collection. It looks super chic and can be easily adopted in everyday wear.   5) Maang Tikka with western wear After Deepika Padukone appeared in a maang tikka along with a red-carpet gown in one of the recent award ceremonies, this has become a style statement for many. Even, Lakme Fashion Week saw many designers promoting this style. If you plan to wear one, try and choose delicate designs for day wear. Team it with skirts, trousers and anything you like. Bouffant hair styles help to carry these headgears better.     Lakme Fashion Week Summer Resort 2014 is over a week ago but we just can’t stop raving about the terrific trends it showcased this season. We have chosen the five most doable and stylish trends which can be easily adapted to your everyday wear. 1) Crop top Crop top has been here for a while and is certainly not going anywhere for sure. If you have a toned mid-riff, this is the perfect opportunity to show off. It is a summer trend which can be easily worn with a long skirt, palazzo pants and even skater skirts.   2) Print on print Print on print adds a lot of character to your ensemble. It is difficult to match it perfectly but once you know the trick about what works for you, you will score a 10 on 10 with the style brigade. Try and get the prints from the same color family. Fine prints and bold prints can be contrasted against each other.  Look for the colors which compliment you.   3) Art Who said you cannot wear art. Designers like Aarti Vijay Gupta, GeNext by INIFD, Love from India presented tops which had art print and looked striking and impressive. One of the best ways to showcase your love for culture and art is by wearing one on yourself. The bright prints are bold and do make a statement. Wear a short dress with art print or team it up with printed leggings to up your style quotient.   4) Trousers with high-low hem capes/tops Darling Lisa Haydon made high-low hem cape with hot denim pants look super cool in ‘Queen’. But it wasn’t the first time high-low hem made heads turn. It has been here for a while and looks like it’s going to grow stronger in the world of Indian fashion with each passing day. Especially, when ace designers like Suman Nathwani and Manish Malhotra showcased formal trousers with high-low hem capes/tops in their collection. It looks super chic and can be easily adopted in everyday wear.   5) Maang Tikka with western wear After Deepika Padukone appeared in a maang tikka along with a red-carpet gown in one of the recent award ceremonies, this has become a style statement for many. Even, Lakme Fashion Week saw many designers promoting this style. If you plan to wear one, try and choose delicate designs for day wear. Team it with skirts, trousers and anything you like. Bouffant hair styles help to carry these headgears better.     Lakme Fashion Week Summer Resort 2014 had a lot of Goth elements which can be easily emulated in real-life to jazz up the everyday rock-chic look. Rock-chic is for the bold, the care-free, the powerful, and the risk-taker. Lakme Fashion Week had us asking for more as we saw a lineup of jewelled studded bustiers, leather bustiers, leather gowns, leather gloves, androgynous silhouettes, gold chains and bling, ox blood color lipstick, smokey eyes, sheer and brocade fabric and other elements which made a lot of statement during the event and can inspire our day-to-day fashion choices. Mumbaigloss selected a few of the style inspirations which can help you to dress-up for an evening out or simply make a mark during the day. Beware! You might turn a lot of heads in your direction.  The first of the style-to-do list is jeweled bustier. Sourabh Kant Srivastava’s studded jeweled bustier or similar can be worn with palazzo pants or floor length skirts. You can keep it all black or try to break the monochrome with bold jeweled tones like ruby red, turquoise blue, amethyst purple, etc. It is a showstopper and will add up to your glam quotient effortlessly. The unique blend of brocade black skirt with black tank and leather accessories showcases a perfect fusion of east meets west. Tarun Tahiliani dress is ideal when you are going out with friends in the evening. The flowing skirt and tank top is airy enough for a summer evening yet is edgy. It can be easily manipulated into an ethnic wear if the tank top is replaced with a spaghetti strap blouse and matching odhni. Nikhil Thampi’s brown leather gown took the rock-chic to a new level. It spells poise, yet is fierce. It is perfect for an evening which needs you to be at the centre of all attention. The centre slit along with the jeweled waist belt glams up the rugged leather perfectly. Jabong Street Style’s skater dress is figure accentuating. If you have boyish body shape then use it to create a waist. The contrasting colorful sling bag and boots along with Goth makeup also add to the edginess of this ensemble. Androgynous fits as seen in Valliyan by Nitya Arora are other ways to create a rock-chic look. Add a little bling to glam up the garb. I personally liked the silver trousers and black tank top covered with a dress made from black sheer fabric as seen in Ashdeen collection. The concept is sexy and can be easily adapted to everyday fashion. It can be worn during the day as well as the evening. The sheer garment covering the basic trousers and top gives a structure to the apparel. It is edgy but very feminine. I know you all are rock stars in your own right but if ever you need some style inspiration from the ramp then this list will certainly help you choose the look perfect for you. Go rock it ladies! Lakme Fashion Week Summer Resort 2014 had a lot of Goth elements which can be easily emulated in real-life to jazz up the everyday rock-chic look. Rock-chic is for the bold, the care-free, the powerful, and the risk-taker. Lakme Fashion Week had us asking for more as we saw a lineup of jewelled studded bustiers, leather bustiers, leather gowns, leather gloves, androgynous silhouettes, gold chains and bling, ox blood color lipstick, smokey eyes, sheer and brocade fabric and other elements which made a lot of statement during the event and can inspire our day-to-day fashion choices. Mumbaigloss selected a few of the style inspirations which can help you to dress-up for an evening out or simply make a mark during the day. Beware! You might turn a lot of heads in your direction.  The first of the style-to-do list is jeweled bustier. Sourabh Kant Srivastava’s studded jeweled bustier or similar can be worn with palazzo pants or floor length skirts. You can keep it all black or try to break the monochrome with bold jeweled tones like ruby red, turquoise blue, amethyst purple, etc. It is a showstopper and will add up to your glam quotient effortlessly. The unique blend of brocade black skirt with black tank and leather accessories showcases a perfect fusion of east meets west. Tarun Tahiliani dress is ideal when you are going out with friends in the evening. The flowing skirt and tank top is airy enough for a summer evening yet is edgy. It can be easily manipulated into an ethnic wear if the tank top is replaced with a spaghetti strap blouse and matching odhni. Nikhil Thampi’s brown leather gown took the rock-chic to a new level. It spells poise, yet is fierce. It is perfect for an evening which needs you to be at the centre of all attention. The centre slit along with the jeweled waist belt glams up the rugged leather perfectly. Jabong Street Style’s skater dress is figure accentuating. If you have boyish body shape then use it to create a waist. The contrasting colorful sling bag and boots along with Goth makeup also add to the edginess of this ensemble. Androgynous fits as seen in Valliyan by Nitya Arora are other ways to create a rock-chic look. Add a little bling to glam up the garb. I personally liked the silver trousers and black tank top covered with a dress made from black sheer fabric as seen in Ashdeen collection. The concept is sexy and can be easily adapted to everyday fashion. It can be worn during the day as well as the evening. The sheer garment covering the basic trousers and top gives a structure to the apparel. It is edgy but very feminine. I know you all are rock stars in your own right but if ever you need some style inspiration from the ramp then this list will certainly help you choose the look perfect for you. Go rock it ladies! Lakme Fashion Week Summer Resort 2014 had a lot of Goth elements which can be easily emulated in real-life to jazz up the everyday rock-chic look. Rock-chic is for the bold, the care-free, the powerful, and the risk-taker. Lakme Fashion Week had us asking for more as we saw a lineup of jewelled studded bustiers, leather bustiers, leather gowns, leather gloves, androgynous silhouettes, gold chains and bling, ox blood color lipstick, smokey eyes, sheer and brocade fabric and other elements which made a lot of statement during the event and can inspire our day-to-day fashion choices. Mumbaigloss selected a few of the style inspirations which can help you to dress-up for an evening out or simply make a mark during the day. Beware! You might turn a lot of heads in your direction.  The first of the style-to-do list is jeweled bustier. Sourabh Kant Srivastava’s studded jeweled bustier or similar can be worn with palazzo pants or floor length skirts. You can keep it all black or try to break the monochrome with bold jeweled tones like ruby red, turquoise blue, amethyst purple, etc. It is a showstopper and will add up to your glam quotient effortlessly. The unique blend of brocade black skirt with black tank and leather accessories showcases a perfect fusion of east meets west. Tarun Tahiliani dress is ideal when you are going out with friends in the evening. The flowing skirt and tank top is airy enough for a summer evening yet is edgy. It can be easily manipulated into an ethnic wear if the tank top is replaced with a spaghetti strap blouse and matching odhni. Nikhil Thampi’s brown leather gown took the rock-chic to a new level. It spells poise, yet is fierce. It is perfect for an evening which needs you to be at the centre of all attention. The centre slit along with the jeweled waist belt glams up the rugged leather perfectly. Jabong Street Style’s skater dress is figure accentuating. If you have boyish body shape then use it to create a waist. The contrasting colorful sling bag and boots along with Goth makeup also add to the edginess of this ensemble. Androgynous fits as seen in Valliyan by Nitya Arora are other ways to create a rock-chic look. Add a little bling to glam up the garb. I personally liked the silver trousers and black tank top covered with a dress made from black sheer fabric as seen in Ashdeen collection. The concept is sexy and can be easily adapted to everyday fashion. It can be worn during the day as well as the evening. The sheer garment covering the basic trousers and top gives a structure to the apparel. It is edgy but very feminine. I know you all are rock stars in your own right but if ever you need some style inspiration from the ramp then this list will certainly help you choose the look perfect for you. Go rock it ladies! Lakme Fashion Week Summer Resort 2014 had a lot of Goth elements which can be easily emulated in real-life to jazz up the everyday rock-chic look. Rock-chic is for the bold, the care-free, the powerful, and the risk-taker. Lakme Fashion Week had us asking for more as we saw a lineup of jewelled studded bustiers, leather bustiers, leather gowns, leather gloves, androgynous silhouettes, gold chains and bling, ox blood color lipstick, smokey eyes, sheer and brocade fabric and other elements which made a lot of statement during the event and can inspire our day-to-day fashion choices. Mumbaigloss selected a few of the style inspirations which can help you to dress-up for an evening out or simply make a mark during the day. Beware! You might turn a lot of heads in your direction.  The first of the style-to-do list is jeweled bustier. Sourabh Kant Srivastava’s studded jeweled bustier or similar can be worn with palazzo pants or floor length skirts. You can keep it all black or try to break the monochrome with bold jeweled tones like ruby red, turquoise blue, amethyst purple, etc. It is a showstopper and will add up to your glam quotient effortlessly. The unique blend of brocade black skirt with black tank and leather accessories showcases a perfect fusion of east meets west. Tarun Tahiliani dress is ideal when you are going out with friends in the evening. The flowing skirt and tank top is airy enough for a summer evening yet is edgy. It can be easily manipulated into an ethnic wear if the tank top is replaced with a spaghetti strap blouse and matching odhni. Nikhil Thampi’s brown leather gown took the rock-chic to a new level. It spells poise, yet is fierce. It is perfect for an evening which needs you to be at the centre of all attention. The centre slit along with the jeweled waist belt glams up the rugged leather perfectly. Jabong Street Style’s skater dress is figure accentuating. If you have boyish body shape then use it to create a waist. The contrasting colorful sling bag and boots along with Goth makeup also add to the edginess of this ensemble. Androgynous fits as seen in Valliyan by Nitya Arora are other ways to create a rock-chic look. Add a little bling to glam up the garb. I personally liked the silver trousers and black tank top covered with a dress made from black sheer fabric as seen in Ashdeen collection. The concept is sexy and can be easily adapted to everyday fashion. It can be worn during the day as well as the evening. The sheer garment covering the basic trousers and top gives a structure to the apparel. It is edgy but very feminine. I know you all are rock stars in your own right but if ever you need some style inspiration from the ramp then this list will certainly help you choose the look perfect for you. Go rock it ladies! What are summers without whites in the wardrobe? In fact, a well-fitting white shirt is a wardrobe staple for many. And at Lakme Fashion Week Summer/Resort 2014 we found that white and off-white were used across various silhouettes, fabrics, cuts and designs. Designers like Shehlaa Khan, Kommal Sood, Shantanu and Nikhil, Anita Dongre, Neeta Lulla and many others used pure whites, creams and apple whites in their ensembles. Payal Khandwala used white blouses as a base for her color blocked Indian wear. White is a complete color in itself, its soothing, yet striking. Be it sheer fabric or cotton drapes, white is always beautiful. So, we at Mumbaigloss thought, why not list a few ways in which you can wear whites to your trendiest best. Choose apple white, pure white or creams as per your skin tone. Cool skin tones look good in pure white, whereas warm skin tones look good in creams. Whenever you want to buy a white dress put it next to your skin in natural day light. If you look washed out or dark then that white is not “right” for you! White eye pencil can be used to make your eyes look bigger. Just color the tear line of your eyes with white eye pencil and use a black mascara to see the magic unfold. Make-up can be either nude or dark depending on the occasion. Pink, peach look good on white during day time and so does red and coral in the evening. Use layering and draping to create multiple dimensions to your ensemble. A simple pair of jeans can look trendy with a white top if worn with complimenting capes, jackets or accessories. White skinny jeans can be worn with white drape top and a waist belt for a trendy look as seen on Kim Kardashian here. Wear white lace peplum top and a floor length white skirt to create a similar look as seen in the latest Shantanu and Nikhil collection. Latest trend spotted at LFW’ 14 is to add leg shaft in the Churidaar as seen in Ritika Mirchandani collection. It will look brilliant in monochrome designs, especially in black and whites as it beautifully adds dimensions to one color ensemble. In fact crop tops teamed with floor length skirt or palazzo pants are ideal for summers. See Dia Mirza in a crop top and floor length skirt in Anita Dongre creation. This can be easily emulated in real life fashion. Anti-fit large white tops over printed tights are another excellent wearable idea in the summers. So what are you waiting for? Go and grab your whites. After all it is time to chill in the trendiest of white dresses as summers are here. What are summers without whites in the wardrobe? In fact, a well-fitting white shirt is a wardrobe staple for many. And at Lakme Fashion Week Summer/Resort 2014 we found that white and off-white were used across various silhouettes, fabrics, cuts and designs. Designers like Shehlaa Khan, Kommal Sood, Shantanu and Nikhil, Anita Dongre, Neeta Lulla and many others used pure whites, creams and apple whites in their ensembles. Payal Khandwala used white blouses as a base for her color blocked Indian wear. White is a complete color in itself, its soothing, yet striking. Be it sheer fabric or cotton drapes, white is always beautiful. So, we at Mumbaigloss thought, why not list a few ways in which you can wear whites to your trendiest best. Choose apple white, pure white or creams as per your skin tone. Cool skin tones look good in pure white, whereas warm skin tones look good in creams. Whenever you want to buy a white dress put it next to your skin in natural day light. If you look washed out or dark then that white is not “right” for you! White eye pencil can be used to make your eyes look bigger. Just color the tear line of your eyes with white eye pencil and use a black mascara to see the magic unfold. Make-up can be either nude or dark depending on the occasion. Pink, peach look good on white during day time and so does red and coral in the evening. Use layering and draping to create multiple dimensions to your ensemble. A simple pair of jeans can look trendy with a white top if worn with complimenting capes, jackets or accessories. White skinny jeans can be worn with white drape top and a waist belt for a trendy look as seen on Kim Kardashian here. Wear white lace peplum top and a floor length white skirt to create a similar look as seen in the latest Shantanu and Nikhil collection. Latest trend spotted at LFW’ 14 is to add leg shaft in the Churidaar as seen in Ritika Mirchandani collection. It will look brilliant in monochrome designs, especially in black and whites as it beautifully adds dimensions to one color ensemble. In fact crop tops teamed with floor length skirt or palazzo pants are ideal for summers. See Dia Mirza in a crop top and floor length skirt in Anita Dongre creation. This can be easily emulated in real life fashion. Anti-fit large white tops over printed tights are another excellent wearable idea in the summers. So what are you waiting for? Go and grab your whites. After all it is time to chill in the trendiest of white dresses as summers are here. What are summers without whites in the wardrobe? In fact, a well-fitting white shirt is a wardrobe staple for many. And at Lakme Fashion Week Summer/Resort 2014 we found that white and off-white were used across various silhouettes, fabrics, cuts and designs. Designers like Shehlaa Khan, Kommal Sood, Shantanu and Nikhil, Anita Dongre, Neeta Lulla and many others used pure whites, creams and apple whites in their ensembles. Payal Khandwala used white blouses as a base for her color blocked Indian wear. White is a complete color in itself, its soothing, yet striking. Be it sheer fabric or cotton drapes, white is always beautiful. So, we at Mumbaigloss thought, why not list a few ways in which you can wear whites to your trendiest best. Choose apple white, pure white or creams as per your skin tone. Cool skin tones look good in pure white, whereas warm skin tones look good in creams. Whenever you want to buy a white dress put it next to your skin in natural day light. If you look washed out or dark then that white is not “right” for you! White eye pencil can be used to make your eyes look bigger. Just color the tear line of your eyes with white eye pencil and use a black mascara to see the magic unfold. Make-up can be either nude or dark depending on the occasion. Pink, peach look good on white during day time and so does red and coral in the evening. Use layering and draping to create multiple dimensions to your ensemble. A simple pair of jeans can look trendy with a white top if worn with complimenting capes, jackets or accessories. White skinny jeans can be worn with white drape top and a waist belt for a trendy look as seen on Kim Kardashian here. Wear white lace peplum top and a floor length white skirt to create a similar look as seen in the latest Shantanu and Nikhil collection. Latest trend spotted at LFW’ 14 is to add leg shaft in the Churidaar as seen in Ritika Mirchandani collection. It will look brilliant in monochrome designs, especially in black and whites as it beautifully adds dimensions to one color ensemble. In fact crop tops teamed with floor length skirt or palazzo pants are ideal for summers. See Dia Mirza in a crop top and floor length skirt in Anita Dongre creation. This can be easily emulated in real life fashion. Anti-fit large white tops over printed tights are another excellent wearable idea in the summers. So what are you waiting for? Go and grab your whites. After all it is time to chill in the trendiest of white dresses as summers are here. What are summers without whites in the wardrobe? In fact, a well-fitting white shirt is a wardrobe staple for many. And at Lakme Fashion Week Summer/Resort 2014 we found that white and off-white were used across various silhouettes, fabrics, cuts and designs. Designers like Shehlaa Khan, Kommal Sood, Shantanu and Nikhil, Anita Dongre, Neeta Lulla and many others used pure whites, creams and apple whites in their ensembles. Payal Khandwala used white blouses as a base for her color blocked Indian wear. White is a complete color in itself, its soothing, yet striking. Be it sheer fabric or cotton drapes, white is always beautiful. So, we at Mumbaigloss thought, why not list a few ways in which you can wear whites to your trendiest best. Choose apple white, pure white or creams as per your skin tone. Cool skin tones look good in pure white, whereas warm skin tones look good in creams. Whenever you want to buy a white dress put it next to your skin in natural day light. If you look washed out or dark then that white is not “right” for you! White eye pencil can be used to make your eyes look bigger. Just color the tear line of your eyes with white eye pencil and use a black mascara to see the magic unfold. Make-up can be either nude or dark depending on the occasion. Pink, peach look good on white during day time and so does red and coral in the evening. Use layering and draping to create multiple dimensions to your ensemble. A simple pair of jeans can look trendy with a white top if worn with complimenting capes, jackets or accessories. White skinny jeans can be worn with white drape top and a waist belt for a trendy look as seen on Kim Kardashian here. Wear white lace peplum top and a floor length white skirt to create a similar look as seen in the latest Shantanu and Nikhil collection. Latest trend spotted at LFW’ 14 is to add leg shaft in the Churidaar as seen in Ritika Mirchandani collection. It will look brilliant in monochrome designs, especially in black and whites as it beautifully adds dimensions to one color ensemble. In fact crop tops teamed with floor length skirt or palazzo pants are ideal for summers. See Dia Mirza in a crop top and floor length skirt in Anita Dongre creation. This can be easily emulated in real life fashion. Anti-fit large white tops over printed tights are another excellent wearable idea in the summers. So what are you waiting for? Go and grab your whites. After all it is time to chill in the trendiest of white dresses as summers are here. Last week was pretty hectic for Mumbaigloss. Of course, we were busy with Lakme Fashion Week Summer/Resort 2014 at Grand Hyatt in Mumbai. What an amazing time we had hobnobbing with the fashion fraternity. The week presented few of the best designers from across the country and showcased their exclusive designs at the ramp. Reputed names like Rajesh Pratap Singh, Manish Malhotra, Neeta Lulla, Shantanu & Nikhil and many others participated over 6 days of fashion and glamour. New names like Mandira Bedi, Dorothy Perkins and others were also seen foraying into the Indian fashion scene. And what did we observe? Lots of fashion trends which can be easily emulated from ramp to reality. Though, I myself am a little averse to light reflecting elements but many designers freely used metallic colors, mirrors, sequence and shiny fabric at Lakme Fashion Week Summer/Resort 2014.  Gold and silver ruled the ramp. This trend might not be apt in the hot and humid summers of Mumbai; but if used moderately it might add to the glam appeal which is perfect for a party or any celebration. The idea is to “shine out” from the remaining crowd. Tastefully designed silver gown from Dorothy Perkins made Kangna Ranaut look like a yester year Hollywood star. She looked like a goddess scorching the ramp in her silver gown. Not only Dorothy Perkins, even renowned designer Rajesh Pratap Singh freely used silver and other metallic hues in his Grand Finale Collection. Even men were not spared from silver and gold fabrics in his collection. Kareena Kapoor had everyone spell bound with her oomph and seductive aura in the black and silver gown. It had a futuristic appeal. Rajesh Pratap Singh also used mirrors in this collection, a recent trend which was sported by Hollywood beauty Jennifer Lawrence at the Oscars. Payal Khandwala used silver arm band/cuff to add the zing to her color blocked Indian wear with white blouse. Mawi’s Indian Odyssey used golden fabric abundantly with tribal accessories giving the collection an enchanting feel.  Raven + Rose, Kommal Sood, Anushka Khanna, Papa Don’t Preach Me, Ashmita Marwa, Rajat Tangri and many others used the metallic colors lavishly. Now you must be wondering, how not to go overboard with metallic for your everyday dressing. If it’s a day wear, keep the metallic hues minimal. If the fabric has metallic colors, strictly keep your makeup simple. You can pair white and yellow (one of the popular trends at LFW) with a slim golden/silver waist belt and metallic strappy sandals. You can wear a metallic waist coat over your cotton white shirt to sport this trend. You can also add the glam factor by wearing a metallic head band with your day wear. For evening wear you can experiment with any metallic color, sequence work, crystal work, etc. as long as the fabric is flowy and natural. Don’t go for very heavy fabrics which might make you look like an astronaut.  Try and keep your accessories to the minimum. Makeup can be goth or nude as per the shade you are wearing. (Light shades like silver, pearly whites can opt for goth and dark shades can opt for nude makeup). So what do you think about the metallic trend as seen at Lakme Fashion Week Summer/Resort 2014? Will you try this on? More trend features coming your way. Stay tuned.   Last week was pretty hectic for Mumbaigloss. Of course, we were busy with Lakme Fashion Week Summer/Resort 2014 at Grand Hyatt in Mumbai. What an amazing time we had hobnobbing with the fashion fraternity. The week presented few of the best designers from across the country and showcased their exclusive designs at the ramp. Reputed names like Rajesh Pratap Singh, Manish Malhotra, Neeta Lulla, Shantanu & Nikhil and many others participated over 6 days of fashion and glamour. New names like Mandira Bedi, Dorothy Perkins and others were also seen foraying into the Indian fashion scene. And what did we observe? Lots of fashion trends which can be easily emulated from ramp to reality. Though, I myself am a little averse to light reflecting elements but many designers freely used metallic colors, mirrors, sequence and shiny fabric at Lakme Fashion Week Summer/Resort 2014.  Gold and silver ruled the ramp. This trend might not be apt in the hot and humid summers of Mumbai; but if used moderately it might add to the glam appeal which is perfect for a party or any celebration. The idea is to “shine out” from the remaining crowd. Tastefully designed silver gown from Dorothy Perkins made Kangna Ranaut look like a yester year Hollywood star. She looked like a goddess scorching the ramp in her silver gown. Not only Dorothy Perkins, even renowned designer Rajesh Pratap Singh freely used silver and other metallic hues in his Grand Finale Collection. Even men were not spared from silver and gold fabrics in his collection. Kareena Kapoor had everyone spell bound with her oomph and seductive aura in the black and silver gown. It had a futuristic appeal. Rajesh Pratap Singh also used mirrors in this collection, a recent trend which was sported by Hollywood beauty Jennifer Lawrence at the Oscars. Payal Khandwala used silver arm band/cuff to add the zing to her color blocked Indian wear with white blouse. Mawi’s Indian Odyssey used golden fabric abundantly with tribal accessories giving the collection an enchanting feel.  Raven + Rose, Kommal Sood, Anushka Khanna, Papa Don’t Preach Me, Ashmita Marwa, Rajat Tangri and many others used the metallic colors lavishly. Now you must be wondering, how not to go overboard with metallic for your everyday dressing. If it’s a day wear, keep the metallic hues minimal. If the fabric has metallic colors, strictly keep your makeup simple. You can pair white and yellow (one of the popular trends at LFW) with a slim golden/silver waist belt and metallic strappy sandals. You can wear a metallic waist coat over your cotton white shirt to sport this trend. You can also add the glam factor by wearing a metallic head band with your day wear. For evening wear you can experiment with any metallic color, sequence work, crystal work, etc. as long as the fabric is flowy and natural. Don’t go for very heavy fabrics which might make you look like an astronaut.  Try and keep your accessories to the minimum. Makeup can be goth or nude as per the shade you are wearing. (Light shades like silver, pearly whites can opt for goth and dark shades can opt for nude makeup). So what do you think about the metallic trend as seen at Lakme Fashion Week Summer/Resort 2014? Will you try this on? More trend features coming your way. Stay tuned.   Last week was pretty hectic for Mumbaigloss. Of course, we were busy with Lakme Fashion Week Summer/Resort 2014 at Grand Hyatt in Mumbai. What an amazing time we had hobnobbing with the fashion fraternity. The week presented few of the best designers from across the country and showcased their exclusive designs at the ramp. Reputed names like Rajesh Pratap Singh, Manish Malhotra, Neeta Lulla, Shantanu & Nikhil and many others participated over 6 days of fashion and glamour. New names like Mandira Bedi, Dorothy Perkins and others were also seen foraying into the Indian fashion scene. And what did we observe? Lots of fashion trends which can be easily emulated from ramp to reality. Though, I myself am a little averse to light reflecting elements but many designers freely used metallic colors, mirrors, sequence and shiny fabric at Lakme Fashion Week Summer/Resort 2014.  Gold and silver ruled the ramp. This trend might not be apt in the hot and humid summers of Mumbai; but if used moderately it might add to the glam appeal which is perfect for a party or any celebration. The idea is to “shine out” from the remaining crowd. Tastefully designed silver gown from Dorothy Perkins made Kangna Ranaut look like a yester year Hollywood star. She looked like a goddess scorching the ramp in her silver gown. Not only Dorothy Perkins, even renowned designer Rajesh Pratap Singh freely used silver and other metallic hues in his Grand Finale Collection. Even men were not spared from silver and gold fabrics in his collection. Kareena Kapoor had everyone spell bound with her oomph and seductive aura in the black and silver gown. It had a futuristic appeal. Rajesh Pratap Singh also used mirrors in this collection, a recent trend which was sported by Hollywood beauty Jennifer Lawrence at the Oscars. Payal Khandwala used silver arm band/cuff to add the zing to her color blocked Indian wear with white blouse. Mawi’s Indian Odyssey used golden fabric abundantly with tribal accessories giving the collection an enchanting feel.  Raven + Rose, Kommal Sood, Anushka Khanna, Papa Don’t Preach Me, Ashmita Marwa, Rajat Tangri and many others used the metallic colors lavishly. Now you must be wondering, how not to go overboard with metallic for your everyday dressing. If it’s a day wear, keep the metallic hues minimal. If the fabric has metallic colors, strictly keep your makeup simple. You can pair white and yellow (one of the popular trends at LFW) with a slim golden/silver waist belt and metallic strappy sandals. You can wear a metallic waist coat over your cotton white shirt to sport this trend. You can also add the glam factor by wearing a metallic head band with your day wear. For evening wear you can experiment with any metallic color, sequence work, crystal work, etc. as long as the fabric is flowy and natural. Don’t go for very heavy fabrics which might make you look like an astronaut.  Try and keep your accessories to the minimum. Makeup can be goth or nude as per the shade you are wearing. (Light shades like silver, pearly whites can opt for goth and dark shades can opt for nude makeup). So what do you think about the metallic trend as seen at Lakme Fashion Week Summer/Resort 2014? Will you try this on? More trend features coming your way. Stay tuned.   Last week was pretty hectic for Mumbaigloss. Of course, we were busy with Lakme Fashion Week Summer/Resort 2014 at Grand Hyatt in Mumbai. What an amazing time we had hobnobbing with the fashion fraternity. The week presented few of the best designers from across the country and showcased their exclusive designs at the ramp. Reputed names like Rajesh Pratap Singh, Manish Malhotra, Neeta Lulla, Shantanu & Nikhil and many others participated over 6 days of fashion and glamour. New names like Mandira Bedi, Dorothy Perkins and others were also seen foraying into the Indian fashion scene. And what did we observe? Lots of fashion trends which can be easily emulated from ramp to reality. Though, I myself am a little averse to light reflecting elements but many designers freely used metallic colors, mirrors, sequence and shiny fabric at Lakme Fashion Week Summer/Resort 2014.  Gold and silver ruled the ramp. This trend might not be apt in the hot and humid summers of Mumbai; but if used moderately it might add to the glam appeal which is perfect for a party or any celebration. The idea is to “shine out” from the remaining crowd. Tastefully designed silver gown from Dorothy Perkins made Kangna Ranaut look like a yester year Hollywood star. She looked like a goddess scorching the ramp in her silver gown. Not only Dorothy Perkins, even renowned designer Rajesh Pratap Singh freely used silver and other metallic hues in his Grand Finale Collection. Even men were not spared from silver and gold fabrics in his collection. Kareena Kapoor had everyone spell bound with her oomph and seductive aura in the black and silver gown. It had a futuristic appeal. Rajesh Pratap Singh also used mirrors in this collection, a recent trend which was sported by Hollywood beauty Jennifer Lawrence at the Oscars. Payal Khandwala used silver arm band/cuff to add the zing to her color blocked Indian wear with white blouse. Mawi’s Indian Odyssey used golden fabric abundantly with tribal accessories giving the collection an enchanting feel.  Raven + Rose, Kommal Sood, Anushka Khanna, Papa Don’t Preach Me, Ashmita Marwa, Rajat Tangri and many others used the metallic colors lavishly. Now you must be wondering, how not to go overboard with metallic for your everyday dressing. If it’s a day wear, keep the metallic hues minimal. If the fabric has metallic colors, strictly keep your makeup simple. You can pair white and yellow (one of the popular trends at LFW) with a slim golden/silver waist belt and metallic strappy sandals. You can wear a metallic waist coat over your cotton white shirt to sport this trend. You can also add the glam factor by wearing a metallic head band with your day wear. For evening wear you can experiment with any metallic color, sequence work, crystal work, etc. as long as the fabric is flowy and natural. Don’t go for very heavy fabrics which might make you look like an astronaut.  Try and keep your accessories to the minimum. Makeup can be goth or nude as per the shade you are wearing. (Light shades like silver, pearly whites can opt for goth and dark shades can opt for nude makeup). So what do you think about the metallic trend as seen at Lakme Fashion Week Summer/Resort 2014? Will you try this on? More trend features coming your way. Stay tuned.   Cocktail rings are large, lavish and dramatic. They are a style statement and are very much in vogue. Not only diamonds, rubies, emeralds and sapphires are used to produce beautiful designs, even semi-precious stones like amethyst, jade, pearls and a lot many other gems are being used to create colorful patterns. The designs can range from classic to edgy. The idea is to garner maximum attention to your hands. The cocktail rings originated in America during the prohibition era; when drinking in public were illegal. Those who wanted to show their rebellion wore a large ring to signify that they were breaking the rules. Initially, it was meant to be costume jewelry but later it was manufactured in the main stream expensive jewelry segment as well. These days it’s a fashion statement and is popular with A-listers, especially in parties and soirees. Super-rich are wearing engagement rings which can easily pass-off as cocktail rings. But how do you choose a perfect cocktail ring? Choose stones as per your skin tone. People with warm skin tone should opt for green to yellow gems. People with cool skin tone should go for red to blue gems. And people with neutral skin tone should go for pale greens, pale blues, pinks, etc. Go for exclusive and edgy designs with multiple colors and textures. Go for floral, Victorian designs, multiple gem clusters or opt for a center large stone/gem with intricate details at the borders. Stones more than 3 carats should be good.  If you are on a budget, use synthetic or simulated gemstones. Try and order from online stores for maximum cost benefit. Just remember if you wear an oversized ring, go minimal on the other jewelry. The rule is one statement jewelry at a time. Slender and shapely fingers should opt for delicate and smaller designs in rings. Do not wear too many rings at one go. One piece other than your engagement band is more than enough. Thick and short fingers can opt for longer designs. This helps to elongate your fingers. Cocktail rings should be worn only in cocktail parties or dinner. Don’t wear them during the day. So what are you waiting for? Go and put your best finger forward with a perfect cocktail ring adorning it. Image via Anmol Jewellers and Mahesh Notandas jewellery. Featured ‘Blossom’ by Anmol Jewellers, floral ring. The Blossom collection has been beautifully handcrafted in 18 K gold and adorned with vivid hues of emeralds, rubies, sapphires, pearls and diamonds with a generous play of colorful enameling. Ring from Mélange of colors this Holi collection by Mahesh Notandas which has colorful gems in traditional patterns.  Cocktail rings are large, lavish and dramatic. They are a style statement and are very much in vogue. Not only diamonds, rubies, emeralds and sapphires are used to produce beautiful designs, even semi-precious stones like amethyst, jade, pearls and a lot many other gems are being used to create colorful patterns. The designs can range from classic to edgy. The idea is to garner maximum attention to your hands. The cocktail rings originated in America during the prohibition era; when drinking in public were illegal. Those who wanted to show their rebellion wore a large ring to signify that they were breaking the rules. Initially, it was meant to be costume jewelry but later it was manufactured in the main stream expensive jewelry segment as well. These days it’s a fashion statement and is popular with A-listers, especially in parties and soirees. Super-rich are wearing engagement rings which can easily pass-off as cocktail rings. But how do you choose a perfect cocktail ring? Choose stones as per your skin tone. People with warm skin tone should opt for green to yellow gems. People with cool skin tone should go for red to blue gems. And people with neutral skin tone should go for pale greens, pale blues, pinks, etc. Go for exclusive and edgy designs with multiple colors and textures. Go for floral, Victorian designs, multiple gem clusters or opt for a center large stone/gem with intricate details at the borders. Stones more than 3 carats should be good.  If you are on a budget, use synthetic or simulated gemstones. Try and order from online stores for maximum cost benefit. Just remember if you wear an oversized ring, go minimal on the other jewelry. The rule is one statement jewelry at a time. Slender and shapely fingers should opt for delicate and smaller designs in rings. Do not wear too many rings at one go. One piece other than your engagement band is more than enough. Thick and short fingers can opt for longer designs. This helps to elongate your fingers. Cocktail rings should be worn only in cocktail parties or dinner. Don’t wear them during the day. So what are you waiting for? Go and put your best finger forward with a perfect cocktail ring adorning it. Image via Anmol Jewellers and Mahesh Notandas jewellery. Featured ‘Blossom’ by Anmol Jewellers, floral ring. The Blossom collection has been beautifully handcrafted in 18 K gold and adorned with vivid hues of emeralds, rubies, sapphires, pearls and diamonds with a generous play of colorful enameling. Ring from Mélange of colors this Holi collection by Mahesh Notandas which has colorful gems in traditional patterns.  Cocktail rings are large, lavish and dramatic. They are a style statement and are very much in vogue. Not only diamonds, rubies, emeralds and sapphires are used to produce beautiful designs, even semi-precious stones like amethyst, jade, pearls and a lot many other gems are being used to create colorful patterns. The designs can range from classic to edgy. The idea is to garner maximum attention to your hands. The cocktail rings originated in America during the prohibition era; when drinking in public were illegal. Those who wanted to show their rebellion wore a large ring to signify that they were breaking the rules. Initially, it was meant to be costume jewelry but later it was manufactured in the main stream expensive jewelry segment as well. These days it’s a fashion statement and is popular with A-listers, especially in parties and soirees. Super-rich are wearing engagement rings which can easily pass-off as cocktail rings. But how do you choose a perfect cocktail ring? Choose stones as per your skin tone. People with warm skin tone should opt for green to yellow gems. People with cool skin tone should go for red to blue gems. And people with neutral skin tone should go for pale greens, pale blues, pinks, etc. Go for exclusive and edgy designs with multiple colors and textures. Go for floral, Victorian designs, multiple gem clusters or opt for a center large stone/gem with intricate details at the borders. Stones more than 3 carats should be good.  If you are on a budget, use synthetic or simulated gemstones. Try and order from online stores for maximum cost benefit. Just remember if you wear an oversized ring, go minimal on the other jewelry. The rule is one statement jewelry at a time. Slender and shapely fingers should opt for delicate and smaller designs in rings. Do not wear too many rings at one go. One piece other than your engagement band is more than enough. Thick and short fingers can opt for longer designs. This helps to elongate your fingers. Cocktail rings should be worn only in cocktail parties or dinner. Don’t wear them during the day. So what are you waiting for? Go and put your best finger forward with a perfect cocktail ring adorning it. Image via Anmol Jewellers and Mahesh Notandas jewellery. Featured ‘Blossom’ by Anmol Jewellers, floral ring. The Blossom collection has been beautifully handcrafted in 18 K gold and adorned with vivid hues of emeralds, rubies, sapphires, pearls and diamonds with a generous play of colorful enameling. Ring from Mélange of colors this Holi collection by Mahesh Notandas which has colorful gems in traditional patterns.  Cocktail rings are large, lavish and dramatic. They are a style statement and are very much in vogue. Not only diamonds, rubies, emeralds and sapphires are used to produce beautiful designs, even semi-precious stones like amethyst, jade, pearls and a lot many other gems are being used to create colorful patterns. The designs can range from classic to edgy. The idea is to garner maximum attention to your hands. The cocktail rings originated in America during the prohibition era; when drinking in public were illegal. Those who wanted to show their rebellion wore a large ring to signify that they were breaking the rules. Initially, it was meant to be costume jewelry but later it was manufactured in the main stream expensive jewelry segment as well. These days it’s a fashion statement and is popular with A-listers, especially in parties and soirees. Super-rich are wearing engagement rings which can easily pass-off as cocktail rings. But how do you choose a perfect cocktail ring? Choose stones as per your skin tone. People with warm skin tone should opt for green to yellow gems. People with cool skin tone should go for red to blue gems. And people with neutral skin tone should go for pale greens, pale blues, pinks, etc. Go for exclusive and edgy designs with multiple colors and textures. Go for floral, Victorian designs, multiple gem clusters or opt for a center large stone/gem with intricate details at the borders. Stones more than 3 carats should be good.  If you are on a budget, use synthetic or simulated gemstones. Try and order from online stores for maximum cost benefit. Just remember if you wear an oversized ring, go minimal on the other jewelry. The rule is one statement jewelry at a time. Slender and shapely fingers should opt for delicate and smaller designs in rings. Do not wear too many rings at one go. One piece other than your engagement band is more than enough. Thick and short fingers can opt for longer designs. This helps to elongate your fingers. Cocktail rings should be worn only in cocktail parties or dinner. Don’t wear them during the day. So what are you waiting for? Go and put your best finger forward with a perfect cocktail ring adorning it. Image via Anmol Jewellers and Mahesh Notandas jewellery. Featured ‘Blossom’ by Anmol Jewellers, floral ring. The Blossom collection has been beautifully handcrafted in 18 K gold and adorned with vivid hues of emeralds, rubies, sapphires, pearls and diamonds with a generous play of colorful enameling. Ring from Mélange of colors this Holi collection by Mahesh Notandas which has colorful gems in traditional patterns.  Fashion designer Shriya Bisht is a multifaceted creative professional who also happens to be my dear friend. And I am so proud to say that today Shriya is showcasing her talent at an international arena like Nolcha Fashion Week in New York. Her luxury fashion brand ‘Maison de Papillon’ is going to adorn the catwalk in the “Ones to Watch” Runway Show at 5:30 pm. Designer Danielle Salinas is her partner who along with Shriya is going to officially launch their ‘Sleepwalker’ collection. Nolcha Fashion Week is a leading award winning event, held during New York Fashion Week, for independent fashion designers to showcase their collections to a global audience of press, retailers, stylists and industry influencers.  Born and raised in Nainital, Shriya made her acting debut appearing on popular national television shows like ‘Karam Apna Apna’ and ‘Kasauti Zindagi Ki’.  Shriya considers herself a “self- taught” artist; her paintings and artistic creations draw a lot of inspiration from her travels around the world and her fascination for the arts in its many forms. Her creativity came out in fashion designing once she started her further studies at the Parsons New School for Design in New York alongside Texas native Danielle. And they decided to create a luxury collection that is comfortable to sleep, travel, and live in, while never losing its unique, elegant style. Prior to Maison de Papillon, this concept didn’t exist in the market. Now, you can walk out of the door in your sleepwear without getting un-approving glances.  In the designer’s words, “Sleepwalker is a luxury hybrid collection of sleepwear, loungewear, travel wear, and ready to wear all in one. Each garment in this collection is designed for the elegant woman on the go who wants to add luxury, comfort and practicality to her wardrobe. Using the best fabrics and giving attention to every detail, Maison de Papillon is committed to providing looks of unparalleled quality. This line is versatile, luxurious, and most importantly comfortable without losing its sophisticated style & elegance.” That’s innovative!     For information regarding Maison de Papillon please visit www.maisondepapillon.com or www.facebook.com/maisondepapillon.com. If you like this article, don’t forget to like us on https://www.facebook.com/mumbaigloss Fashion designer Shriya Bisht is a multifaceted creative professional who also happens to be my dear friend. And I am so proud to say that today Shriya is showcasing her talent at an international arena like Nolcha Fashion Week in New York. Her luxury fashion brand ‘Maison de Papillon’ is going to adorn the catwalk in the “Ones to Watch” Runway Show at 5:30 pm. Designer Danielle Salinas is her partner who along with Shriya is going to officially launch their ‘Sleepwalker’ collection. Nolcha Fashion Week is a leading award winning event, held during New York Fashion Week, for independent fashion designers to showcase their collections to a global audience of press, retailers, stylists and industry influencers.  Born and raised in Nainital, Shriya made her acting debut appearing on popular national television shows like ‘Karam Apna Apna’ and ‘Kasauti Zindagi Ki’.  Shriya considers herself a “self- taught” artist; her paintings and artistic creations draw a lot of inspiration from her travels around the world and her fascination for the arts in its many forms. Her creativity came out in fashion designing once she started her further studies at the Parsons New School for Design in New York alongside Texas native Danielle. And they decided to create a luxury collection that is comfortable to sleep, travel, and live in, while never losing its unique, elegant style. Prior to Maison de Papillon, this concept didn’t exist in the market. Now, you can walk out of the door in your sleepwear without getting un-approving glances.  In the designer’s words, “Sleepwalker is a luxury hybrid collection of sleepwear, loungewear, travel wear, and ready to wear all in one. Each garment in this collection is designed for the elegant woman on the go who wants to add luxury, comfort and practicality to her wardrobe. Using the best fabrics and giving attention to every detail, Maison de Papillon is committed to providing looks of unparalleled quality. This line is versatile, luxurious, and most importantly comfortable without losing its sophisticated style & elegance.” That’s innovative!     For information regarding Maison de Papillon please visit www.maisondepapillon.com or www.facebook.com/maisondepapillon.com. If you like this article, don’t forget to like us on https://www.facebook.com/mumbaigloss Fashion designer Shriya Bisht is a multifaceted creative professional who also happens to be my dear friend. And I am so proud to say that today Shriya is showcasing her talent at an international arena like Nolcha Fashion Week in New York. Her luxury fashion brand ‘Maison de Papillon’ is going to adorn the catwalk in the “Ones to Watch” Runway Show at 5:30 pm. Designer Danielle Salinas is her partner who along with Shriya is going to officially launch their ‘Sleepwalker’ collection. Nolcha Fashion Week is a leading award winning event, held during New York Fashion Week, for independent fashion designers to showcase their collections to a global audience of press, retailers, stylists and industry influencers.  Born and raised in Nainital, Shriya made her acting debut appearing on popular national television shows like ‘Karam Apna Apna’ and ‘Kasauti Zindagi Ki’.  Shriya considers herself a “self- taught” artist; her paintings and artistic creations draw a lot of inspiration from her travels around the world and her fascination for the arts in its many forms. Her creativity came out in fashion designing once she started her further studies at the Parsons New School for Design in New York alongside Texas native Danielle. And they decided to create a luxury collection that is comfortable to sleep, travel, and live in, while never losing its unique, elegant style. Prior to Maison de Papillon, this concept didn’t exist in the market. Now, you can walk out of the door in your sleepwear without getting un-approving glances.  In the designer’s words, “Sleepwalker is a luxury hybrid collection of sleepwear, loungewear, travel wear, and ready to wear all in one. Each garment in this collection is designed for the elegant woman on the go who wants to add luxury, comfort and practicality to her wardrobe. Using the best fabrics and giving attention to every detail, Maison de Papillon is committed to providing looks of unparalleled quality. This line is versatile, luxurious, and most importantly comfortable without losing its sophisticated style & elegance.” That’s innovative!     For information regarding Maison de Papillon please visit www.maisondepapillon.com or www.facebook.com/maisondepapillon.com. If you like this article, don’t forget to like us on https://www.facebook.com/mumbaigloss Fashion designer Shriya Bisht is a multifaceted creative professional who also happens to be my dear friend. And I am so proud to say that today Shriya is showcasing her talent at an international arena like Nolcha Fashion Week in New York. Her luxury fashion brand ‘Maison de Papillon’ is going to adorn the catwalk in the “Ones to Watch” Runway Show at 5:30 pm. Designer Danielle Salinas is her partner who along with Shriya is going to officially launch their ‘Sleepwalker’ collection. Nolcha Fashion Week is a leading award winning event, held during New York Fashion Week, for independent fashion designers to showcase their collections to a global audience of press, retailers, stylists and industry influencers.  Born and raised in Nainital, Shriya made her acting debut appearing on popular national television shows like ‘Karam Apna Apna’ and ‘Kasauti Zindagi Ki’.  Shriya considers herself a “self- taught” artist; her paintings and artistic creations draw a lot of inspiration from her travels around the world and her fascination for the arts in its many forms. Her creativity came out in fashion designing once she started her further studies at the Parsons New School for Design in New York alongside Texas native Danielle. And they decided to create a luxury collection that is comfortable to sleep, travel, and live in, while never losing its unique, elegant style. Prior to Maison de Papillon, this concept didn’t exist in the market. Now, you can walk out of the door in your sleepwear without getting un-approving glances.  In the designer’s words, “Sleepwalker is a luxury hybrid collection of sleepwear, loungewear, travel wear, and ready to wear all in one. Each garment in this collection is designed for the elegant woman on the go who wants to add luxury, comfort and practicality to her wardrobe. Using the best fabrics and giving attention to every detail, Maison de Papillon is committed to providing looks of unparalleled quality. This line is versatile, luxurious, and most importantly comfortable without losing its sophisticated style & elegance.” That’s innovative!     For information regarding Maison de Papillon please visit www.maisondepapillon.com or www.facebook.com/maisondepapillon.com. If you like this article, don’t forget to like us on https://www.facebook.com/mumbaigloss Winters have not yet left us completely. And wearing full sleeve blouses shouldn’t be a problem, more so that they are pretty much in vogue. I went to a wedding last evening and saw the bride, brides-to-be friends, bridesmaids and relatives in full sleeve cholis. Not only with a saari, but also with a lehenga. I think Mandira Bedi can forget about the spaghetti strap blouses that made her a household sensation overnight. The current trend is to ditch the no sleeves or mega sleeves look and go for anything longer than the normal sleeve length. It’s prudent to cover yourself up when there is nip in the air. The longer the sleeve, the better it is! Even sleeves with churi (ruches) and sleeves with ruffles are doing the rounds. Is vintage fashion coming back? May be yes, the long sleeve blouses were very much part of yester years saari clad beauties who were regulars at the Derby. It was their wardrobe staple. Even the royal women used to cover themselves in long sleeve blouses. Velvet sleeves, net sleeves, cutouts, embellishments, you name it and you will find it in long sleeve choli choices. In India, it is a peak season for marriage and definitely long sleeve choli is much in demand. Even fashion designers have dabbled with various versions on the ramp. There is an old world charm to it. So, if you are a fan of retro fashion then you will certainly like this trend.  Now the question arises, how to wear one without any faux pas. Select the fabric as per the weather. If it’s too cold then go for velvet, and if it’s just breezy then go for blended silk. If the weather is going to be warm then choose net or cotton. Choose the design as per the occasion. If its party or marriage ceremony then opt for backless and string design otherwise keep it simple. Embellishments, sequins work, brocade work should be as per the occasion as well. Wear jewelry to compliment the overall ensemble. Very heavy jewelry in the arms is not recommended till the time you are not opting for three-fourth or half sleeve choli.  Bollywood is not far behind. In the recent past, many celebrities like Aishwarya Rai, Sri Devi, Bipasha Basu, etc. have been seen in long sleeve cholis. What is your take on this? Are you good to wear a long sleeve choli? Images via pinterest Winters have not yet left us completely. And wearing full sleeve blouses shouldn’t be a problem, more so that they are pretty much in vogue. I went to a wedding last evening and saw the bride, brides-to-be friends, bridesmaids and relatives in full sleeve cholis. Not only with a saari, but also with a lehenga. I think Mandira Bedi can forget about the spaghetti strap blouses that made her a household sensation overnight. The current trend is to ditch the no sleeves or mega sleeves look and go for anything longer than the normal sleeve length. It’s prudent to cover yourself up when there is nip in the air. The longer the sleeve, the better it is! Even sleeves with churi (ruches) and sleeves with ruffles are doing the rounds. Is vintage fashion coming back? May be yes, the long sleeve blouses were very much part of yester years saari clad beauties who were regulars at the Derby. It was their wardrobe staple. Even the royal women used to cover themselves in long sleeve blouses. Velvet sleeves, net sleeves, cutouts, embellishments, you name it and you will find it in long sleeve choli choices. In India, it is a peak season for marriage and definitely long sleeve choli is much in demand. Even fashion designers have dabbled with various versions on the ramp. There is an old world charm to it. So, if you are a fan of retro fashion then you will certainly like this trend.  Now the question arises, how to wear one without any faux pas. Select the fabric as per the weather. If it’s too cold then go for velvet, and if it’s just breezy then go for blended silk. If the weather is going to be warm then choose net or cotton. Choose the design as per the occasion. If its party or marriage ceremony then opt for backless and string design otherwise keep it simple. Embellishments, sequins work, brocade work should be as per the occasion as well. Wear jewelry to compliment the overall ensemble. Very heavy jewelry in the arms is not recommended till the time you are not opting for three-fourth or half sleeve choli.  Bollywood is not far behind. In the recent past, many celebrities like Aishwarya Rai, Sri Devi, Bipasha Basu, etc. have been seen in long sleeve cholis. What is your take on this? Are you good to wear a long sleeve choli? Images via pinterest Winters have not yet left us completely. And wearing full sleeve blouses shouldn’t be a problem, more so that they are pretty much in vogue. I went to a wedding last evening and saw the bride, brides-to-be friends, bridesmaids and relatives in full sleeve cholis. Not only with a saari, but also with a lehenga. I think Mandira Bedi can forget about the spaghetti strap blouses that made her a household sensation overnight. The current trend is to ditch the no sleeves or mega sleeves look and go for anything longer than the normal sleeve length. It’s prudent to cover yourself up when there is nip in the air. The longer the sleeve, the better it is! Even sleeves with churi (ruches) and sleeves with ruffles are doing the rounds. Is vintage fashion coming back? May be yes, the long sleeve blouses were very much part of yester years saari clad beauties who were regulars at the Derby. It was their wardrobe staple. Even the royal women used to cover themselves in long sleeve blouses. Velvet sleeves, net sleeves, cutouts, embellishments, you name it and you will find it in long sleeve choli choices. In India, it is a peak season for marriage and definitely long sleeve choli is much in demand. Even fashion designers have dabbled with various versions on the ramp. There is an old world charm to it. So, if you are a fan of retro fashion then you will certainly like this trend.  Now the question arises, how to wear one without any faux pas. Select the fabric as per the weather. If it’s too cold then go for velvet, and if it’s just breezy then go for blended silk. If the weather is going to be warm then choose net or cotton. Choose the design as per the occasion. If its party or marriage ceremony then opt for backless and string design otherwise keep it simple. Embellishments, sequins work, brocade work should be as per the occasion as well. Wear jewelry to compliment the overall ensemble. Very heavy jewelry in the arms is not recommended till the time you are not opting for three-fourth or half sleeve choli.  Bollywood is not far behind. In the recent past, many celebrities like Aishwarya Rai, Sri Devi, Bipasha Basu, etc. have been seen in long sleeve cholis. What is your take on this? Are you good to wear a long sleeve choli? Images via pinterest Winters have not yet left us completely. And wearing full sleeve blouses shouldn’t be a problem, more so that they are pretty much in vogue. I went to a wedding last evening and saw the bride, brides-to-be friends, bridesmaids and relatives in full sleeve cholis. Not only with a saari, but also with a lehenga. I think Mandira Bedi can forget about the spaghetti strap blouses that made her a household sensation overnight. The current trend is to ditch the no sleeves or mega sleeves look and go for anything longer than the normal sleeve length. It’s prudent to cover yourself up when there is nip in the air. The longer the sleeve, the better it is! Even sleeves with churi (ruches) and sleeves with ruffles are doing the rounds. Is vintage fashion coming back? May be yes, the long sleeve blouses were very much part of yester years saari clad beauties who were regulars at the Derby. It was their wardrobe staple. Even the royal women used to cover themselves in long sleeve blouses. Velvet sleeves, net sleeves, cutouts, embellishments, you name it and you will find it in long sleeve choli choices. In India, it is a peak season for marriage and definitely long sleeve choli is much in demand. Even fashion designers have dabbled with various versions on the ramp. There is an old world charm to it. So, if you are a fan of retro fashion then you will certainly like this trend.  Now the question arises, how to wear one without any faux pas. Select the fabric as per the weather. If it’s too cold then go for velvet, and if it’s just breezy then go for blended silk. If the weather is going to be warm then choose net or cotton. Choose the design as per the occasion. If its party or marriage ceremony then opt for backless and string design otherwise keep it simple. Embellishments, sequins work, brocade work should be as per the occasion as well. Wear jewelry to compliment the overall ensemble. Very heavy jewelry in the arms is not recommended till the time you are not opting for three-fourth or half sleeve choli.  Bollywood is not far behind. In the recent past, many celebrities like Aishwarya Rai, Sri Devi, Bipasha Basu, etc. have been seen in long sleeve cholis. What is your take on this? Are you good to wear a long sleeve choli? Images via pinterest Whatever sparkles is not a diamond and whichever blue gem you see is not a Sapphire. Yes, it’s true that the allure of blue gems in contrast to white diamonds has been an all-time A-lister’s favorite. Sapphire being the more popular one! Not only have the celebrities, even the royalties been mesmerized with the Sapphire and Diamond combination since time immemorial. (Let’s not forget the royal engagement ring sported by Kate Middleton which used to adorn Princess Diana’s finger at one point of time.) Even our own Nizams have been a great admirer of blue stones. (The Nizam of Hyderabad owned a blue diamond called Wittelbachs diamond.)  Blue gem holds a lot of attention and beauty. But what if a blue gem reflects purple, brown and blue haze at different point of time, with different lights and at different time of the day? Sounds mystical and impossible, isn’t it? Yes, that’s possible with Tanzanite, a rare purplish blue gemstone which looks very neat and trendy with diamonds set in white gold. Tanzanite and diamond make a statement together.  Tanzanite is one the most revered, rare and coveted gemstones which fascinates with its unusual, captivating aura. Its deep blue with the slightly purple hue is one of the most exotic colors your eyes can witness. It is owned by the powerful and the beautiful. It was discovered 30 years ago in Mererani, Arusha, Tanzania by a local tailor. The mineral was named by Tiffany & Co. after Tanzania, the country in which it was discovered. Tiffany & Co were the first to bring this dazzling new gemstone to the market. In 2002, the American Gem Trade Association chose Tanzanite as a December birthstone, the first change to their birthstone list since 1912.  Many believe that a good Tanzanite has the powers to augment the power of Saturn leading to good fortune and wealth. Now, how do you ascertain a good Tanzanite? If your stone has color, brilliance and luster, particularly inward luster; is transparent without any impurities or cracks then it will undoubtedly get you the celestial powers as believed to be provided by this gemstone. If you are not impressed by its astrological powers, you can be rest assured that it will definitely make you look like a prize. With its different hues, it will surround you in a mystical aura. The best part is you can rock it over an LBD (Little Black Dress) as well as over your Kanjivarams without batting an eyelid. Tanzanite is certainly a versatile and beautiful gemstone and with diamonds, its beauty is accentuated manifolds.  Image courtesy Anmol Jewellers from their ‘Allure of Tanzanite’ collection. Also, featuring ring by Pure Gold Jewellers. For more information, contact Anmol Jewellers.  Whatever sparkles is not a diamond and whichever blue gem you see is not a Sapphire. Yes, it’s true that the allure of blue gems in contrast to white diamonds has been an all-time A-lister’s favorite. Sapphire being the more popular one! Not only have the celebrities, even the royalties been mesmerized with the Sapphire and Diamond combination since time immemorial. (Let’s not forget the royal engagement ring sported by Kate Middleton which used to adorn Princess Diana’s finger at one point of time.) Even our own Nizams have been a great admirer of blue stones. (The Nizam of Hyderabad owned a blue diamond called Wittelbachs diamond.)  Blue gem holds a lot of attention and beauty. But what if a blue gem reflects purple, brown and blue haze at different point of time, with different lights and at different time of the day? Sounds mystical and impossible, isn’t it? Yes, that’s possible with Tanzanite, a rare purplish blue gemstone which looks very neat and trendy with diamonds set in white gold. Tanzanite and diamond make a statement together.  Tanzanite is one the most revered, rare and coveted gemstones which fascinates with its unusual, captivating aura. Its deep blue with the slightly purple hue is one of the most exotic colors your eyes can witness. It is owned by the powerful and the beautiful. It was discovered 30 years ago in Mererani, Arusha, Tanzania by a local tailor. The mineral was named by Tiffany & Co. after Tanzania, the country in which it was discovered. Tiffany & Co were the first to bring this dazzling new gemstone to the market. In 2002, the American Gem Trade Association chose Tanzanite as a December birthstone, the first change to their birthstone list since 1912.  Many believe that a good Tanzanite has the powers to augment the power of Saturn leading to good fortune and wealth. Now, how do you ascertain a good Tanzanite? If your stone has color, brilliance and luster, particularly inward luster; is transparent without any impurities or cracks then it will undoubtedly get you the celestial powers as believed to be provided by this gemstone. If you are not impressed by its astrological powers, you can be rest assured that it will definitely make you look like a prize. With its different hues, it will surround you in a mystical aura. The best part is you can rock it over an LBD (Little Black Dress) as well as over your Kanjivarams without batting an eyelid. Tanzanite is certainly a versatile and beautiful gemstone and with diamonds, its beauty is accentuated manifolds.  Image courtesy Anmol Jewellers from their ‘Allure of Tanzanite’ collection. Also, featuring ring by Pure Gold Jewellers. For more information, contact Anmol Jewellers.  Whatever sparkles is not a diamond and whichever blue gem you see is not a Sapphire. Yes, it’s true that the allure of blue gems in contrast to white diamonds has been an all-time A-lister’s favorite. Sapphire being the more popular one! Not only have the celebrities, even the royalties been mesmerized with the Sapphire and Diamond combination since time immemorial. (Let’s not forget the royal engagement ring sported by Kate Middleton which used to adorn Princess Diana’s finger at one point of time.) Even our own Nizams have been a great admirer of blue stones. (The Nizam of Hyderabad owned a blue diamond called Wittelbachs diamond.)  Blue gem holds a lot of attention and beauty. But what if a blue gem reflects purple, brown and blue haze at different point of time, with different lights and at different time of the day? Sounds mystical and impossible, isn’t it? Yes, that’s possible with Tanzanite, a rare purplish blue gemstone which looks very neat and trendy with diamonds set in white gold. Tanzanite and diamond make a statement together.  Tanzanite is one the most revered, rare and coveted gemstones which fascinates with its unusual, captivating aura. Its deep blue with the slightly purple hue is one of the most exotic colors your eyes can witness. It is owned by the powerful and the beautiful. It was discovered 30 years ago in Mererani, Arusha, Tanzania by a local tailor. The mineral was named by Tiffany & Co. after Tanzania, the country in which it was discovered. Tiffany & Co were the first to bring this dazzling new gemstone to the market. In 2002, the American Gem Trade Association chose Tanzanite as a December birthstone, the first change to their birthstone list since 1912.  Many believe that a good Tanzanite has the powers to augment the power of Saturn leading to good fortune and wealth. Now, how do you ascertain a good Tanzanite? If your stone has color, brilliance and luster, particularly inward luster; is transparent without any impurities or cracks then it will undoubtedly get you the celestial powers as believed to be provided by this gemstone. If you are not impressed by its astrological powers, you can be rest assured that it will definitely make you look like a prize. With its different hues, it will surround you in a mystical aura. The best part is you can rock it over an LBD (Little Black Dress) as well as over your Kanjivarams without batting an eyelid. Tanzanite is certainly a versatile and beautiful gemstone and with diamonds, its beauty is accentuated manifolds.  Image courtesy Anmol Jewellers from their ‘Allure of Tanzanite’ collection. Also, featuring ring by Pure Gold Jewellers. For more information, contact Anmol Jewellers.  Whatever sparkles is not a diamond and whichever blue gem you see is not a Sapphire. Yes, it’s true that the allure of blue gems in contrast to white diamonds has been an all-time A-lister’s favorite. Sapphire being the more popular one! Not only have the celebrities, even the royalties been mesmerized with the Sapphire and Diamond combination since time immemorial. (Let’s not forget the royal engagement ring sported by Kate Middleton which used to adorn Princess Diana’s finger at one point of time.) Even our own Nizams have been a great admirer of blue stones. (The Nizam of Hyderabad owned a blue diamond called Wittelbachs diamond.)  Blue gem holds a lot of attention and beauty. But what if a blue gem reflects purple, brown and blue haze at different point of time, with different lights and at different time of the day? Sounds mystical and impossible, isn’t it? Yes, that’s possible with Tanzanite, a rare purplish blue gemstone which looks very neat and trendy with diamonds set in white gold. Tanzanite and diamond make a statement together.  Tanzanite is one the most revered, rare and coveted gemstones which fascinates with its unusual, captivating aura. Its deep blue with the slightly purple hue is one of the most exotic colors your eyes can witness. It is owned by the powerful and the beautiful. It was discovered 30 years ago in Mererani, Arusha, Tanzania by a local tailor. The mineral was named by Tiffany & Co. after Tanzania, the country in which it was discovered. Tiffany & Co were the first to bring this dazzling new gemstone to the market. In 2002, the American Gem Trade Association chose Tanzanite as a December birthstone, the first change to their birthstone list since 1912.  Many believe that a good Tanzanite has the powers to augment the power of Saturn leading to good fortune and wealth. Now, how do you ascertain a good Tanzanite? If your stone has color, brilliance and luster, particularly inward luster; is transparent without any impurities or cracks then it will undoubtedly get you the celestial powers as believed to be provided by this gemstone. If you are not impressed by its astrological powers, you can be rest assured that it will definitely make you look like a prize. With its different hues, it will surround you in a mystical aura. The best part is you can rock it over an LBD (Little Black Dress) as well as over your Kanjivarams without batting an eyelid. Tanzanite is certainly a versatile and beautiful gemstone and with diamonds, its beauty is accentuated manifolds.  Image courtesy Anmol Jewellers from their ‘Allure of Tanzanite’ collection. Also, featuring ring by Pure Gold Jewellers. For more information, contact Anmol Jewellers.   Gifting season has not yet left us. December month brings on the shopping and gifting spree, thanks to Christmas and New Year. And, these days everyone looks for gifts that can be customized to add that personal touch. While, searching for such options I came across Shoe-U. Owned by 21 year old Stefan Fernandes, Shoe-U transforms your plain canvas shoes or sports shoes into a piece of art. Hand painted Converse shoes are a rage abroad. Now, it is gathering the status of a style statement in our very own Mumbai campus. If you are crazy about Garfield, get a customized Garfield design hand painted on your shoes, if your niece loves Transformers; get an autobot like Bumblebee hand painted on her little sneakers. If you like celtic tattoos, get them on your shoes too. And the list goes on. Run your imagination wild and get that design you have always wanted, hand painted on your shoes. Or if you simply want to give your old shoes a makeover, join the workshops conducted by Stephan and learn to bring your design ideas to life with colourful fabric paints. Stephan has been creating hand painted shoes from the past 2 years. He is still a student and pursuing his further studies. He loves art. For him, painting shoes is a stress buster. Initially, his family was a bit doubtful about his business venture but with his success he has proven that art can be a good business opportunity too. So, how did Stephan start with this creative venture? Let’s find out from Stephan: MG:  How did you come up with the idea of creating customized hand painted shoes? Which shoes can you customize? SF: The idea for this venture was actually an inspiration I drew from my friend who was part of a shoe painting workshop during a college fest we visited in Goa. When I saw the shoes she had worked upon, I knew for sure that this is a way of showcasing my creativity as well as my love for art. I get orders for canvas shoes but I also work on converse, DC shoes, etc. MG: Till now how many shoes have been ordered? Who are your clients? What is the price? SF: I’ve sold 70+ orders so far and still working on a few right now. My clients vary from time to time but mainly these are college students or older. The prices of these shoes are quite reasonable i.e. Rs. 900 (for canvas shoes inclusive of courier delivery) and the prices of the shoes increase depending on the urgency or a type of shoe (other than canvas shoes). I discuss the order with the client, ask details about their shoe size, shoe type and quality and the design they have in mind and eventually start my designing work.  MG: What is your educational background? Are you happy being an entrepreneur? Do you enjoy your work? SF: I’m a BA graduate from St. Xavier’s College and studying MA at Mumbai University right now. Yes, I’m happy being an entrepreneur and I really enjoy my work because I love painting and this sometimes acts like a stress buster. MG:  Recently, you did a workshop at St Xavier’s college? How was the response? What did the students gain from this workshop? SF: I did a workshop at St. Xavier’s college recently, which was actually my first. It was a special moment for me because I was asked to conduct a workshop at a place where this venture began and took shape. The response was surprisingly good. Around 20 students were present for the workshop. They got a chance to experience what I do for a living and they really seemed to enjoy the workshop. I helped them whenever they were unsure about their designs and gave them tips to paint something that they will be comfortable wearing. I was surprised to see a variety of artwork made by them.  MG:  What are your growth plans? Can you do bulk orders? SF: Yes, I can surely work on bulk orders but the order should be placed at least a couple of weeks or more in advance. I do plan to expand this venture by taking orders from people living in other cities. Once that works out, I will try to expand it further. A website is going to be launched soon. I am trying to spread the word by sponsoring a few events or college festivals. My venture is still young and gradually making a mark. I feel it will be a while for it to take off on a national level. Hoping for the best! MG: Any message for the readers SF: The only message I can give is that ‘never be afraid to follow your dreams and do something you love’. Also, do visit my facebook page i.e Shoe-U and The Artisans (my other venture where you can order customized hand painted mugs, T shirts, home décor and other gift items).  If you are looking for customized gifts on a budget, contact Stefan. I am sure he will have an answer to your woes. Images via Stephan Fernandes and pininterest  Gifting season has not yet left us. December month brings on the shopping and gifting spree, thanks to Christmas and New Year. And, these days everyone looks for gifts that can be customized to add that personal touch. While, searching for such options I came across Shoe-U. Owned by 21 year old Stefan Fernandes, Shoe-U transforms your plain canvas shoes or sports shoes into a piece of art. Hand painted Converse shoes are a rage abroad. Now, it is gathering the status of a style statement in our very own Mumbai campus. If you are crazy about Garfield, get a customized Garfield design hand painted on your shoes, if your niece loves Transformers; get an autobot like Bumblebee hand painted on her little sneakers. If you like celtic tattoos, get them on your shoes too. And the list goes on. Run your imagination wild and get that design you have always wanted, hand painted on your shoes. Or if you simply want to give your old shoes a makeover, join the workshops conducted by Stephan and learn to bring your design ideas to life with colourful fabric paints. Stephan has been creating hand painted shoes from the past 2 years. He is still a student and pursuing his further studies. He loves art. For him, painting shoes is a stress buster. Initially, his family was a bit doubtful about his business venture but with his success he has proven that art can be a good business opportunity too. So, how did Stephan start with this creative venture? Let’s find out from Stephan: MG:  How did you come up with the idea of creating customized hand painted shoes? Which shoes can you customize? SF: The idea for this venture was actually an inspiration I drew from my friend who was part of a shoe painting workshop during a college fest we visited in Goa. When I saw the shoes she had worked upon, I knew for sure that this is a way of showcasing my creativity as well as my love for art. I get orders for canvas shoes but I also work on converse, DC shoes, etc. MG: Till now how many shoes have been ordered? Who are your clients? What is the price? SF: I’ve sold 70+ orders so far and still working on a few right now. My clients vary from time to time but mainly these are college students or older. The prices of these shoes are quite reasonable i.e. Rs. 900 (for canvas shoes inclusive of courier delivery) and the prices of the shoes increase depending on the urgency or a type of shoe (other than canvas shoes). I discuss the order with the client, ask details about their shoe size, shoe type and quality and the design they have in mind and eventually start my designing work.  MG: What is your educational background? Are you happy being an entrepreneur? Do you enjoy your work? SF: I’m a BA graduate from St. Xavier’s College and studying MA at Mumbai University right now. Yes, I’m happy being an entrepreneur and I really enjoy my work because I love painting and this sometimes acts like a stress buster. MG:  Recently, you did a workshop at St Xavier’s college? How was the response? What did the students gain from this workshop? SF: I did a workshop at St. Xavier’s college recently, which was actually my first. It was a special moment for me because I was asked to conduct a workshop at a place where this venture began and took shape. The response was surprisingly good. Around 20 students were present for the workshop. They got a chance to experience what I do for a living and they really seemed to enjoy the workshop. I helped them whenever they were unsure about their designs and gave them tips to paint something that they will be comfortable wearing. I was surprised to see a variety of artwork made by them.  MG:  What are your growth plans? Can you do bulk orders? SF: Yes, I can surely work on bulk orders but the order should be placed at least a couple of weeks or more in advance. I do plan to expand this venture by taking orders from people living in other cities. Once that works out, I will try to expand it further. A website is going to be launched soon. I am trying to spread the word by sponsoring a few events or college festivals. My venture is still young and gradually making a mark. I feel it will be a while for it to take off on a national level. Hoping for the best! MG: Any message for the readers SF: The only message I can give is that ‘never be afraid to follow your dreams and do something you love’. Also, do visit my facebook page i.e Shoe-U and The Artisans (my other venture where you can order customized hand painted mugs, T shirts, home décor and other gift items).  If you are looking for customized gifts on a budget, contact Stefan. I am sure he will have an answer to your woes. Images via Stephan Fernandes and pininterest  Gifting season has not yet left us. December month brings on the shopping and gifting spree, thanks to Christmas and New Year. And, these days everyone looks for gifts that can be customized to add that personal touch. While, searching for such options I came across Shoe-U. Owned by 21 year old Stefan Fernandes, Shoe-U transforms your plain canvas shoes or sports shoes into a piece of art. Hand painted Converse shoes are a rage abroad. Now, it is gathering the status of a style statement in our very own Mumbai campus. If you are crazy about Garfield, get a customized Garfield design hand painted on your shoes, if your niece loves Transformers; get an autobot like Bumblebee hand painted on her little sneakers. If you like celtic tattoos, get them on your shoes too. And the list goes on. Run your imagination wild and get that design you have always wanted, hand painted on your shoes. Or if you simply want to give your old shoes a makeover, join the workshops conducted by Stephan and learn to bring your design ideas to life with colourful fabric paints. Stephan has been creating hand painted shoes from the past 2 years. He is still a student and pursuing his further studies. He loves art. For him, painting shoes is a stress buster. Initially, his family was a bit doubtful about his business venture but with his success he has proven that art can be a good business opportunity too. So, how did Stephan start with this creative venture? Let’s find out from Stephan: MG:  How did you come up with the idea of creating customized hand painted shoes? Which shoes can you customize? SF: The idea for this venture was actually an inspiration I drew from my friend who was part of a shoe painting workshop during a college fest we visited in Goa. When I saw the shoes she had worked upon, I knew for sure that this is a way of showcasing my creativity as well as my love for art. I get orders for canvas shoes but I also work on converse, DC shoes, etc. MG: Till now how many shoes have been ordered? Who are your clients? What is the price? SF: I’ve sold 70+ orders so far and still working on a few right now. My clients vary from time to time but mainly these are college students or older. The prices of these shoes are quite reasonable i.e. Rs. 900 (for canvas shoes inclusive of courier delivery) and the prices of the shoes increase depending on the urgency or a type of shoe (other than canvas shoes). I discuss the order with the client, ask details about their shoe size, shoe type and quality and the design they have in mind and eventually start my designing work.  MG: What is your educational background? Are you happy being an entrepreneur? Do you enjoy your work? SF: I’m a BA graduate from St. Xavier’s College and studying MA at Mumbai University right now. Yes, I’m happy being an entrepreneur and I really enjoy my work because I love painting and this sometimes acts like a stress buster. MG:  Recently, you did a workshop at St Xavier’s college? How was the response? What did the students gain from this workshop? SF: I did a workshop at St. Xavier’s college recently, which was actually my first. It was a special moment for me because I was asked to conduct a workshop at a place where this venture began and took shape. The response was surprisingly good. Around 20 students were present for the workshop. They got a chance to experience what I do for a living and they really seemed to enjoy the workshop. I helped them whenever they were unsure about their designs and gave them tips to paint something that they will be comfortable wearing. I was surprised to see a variety of artwork made by them.  MG:  What are your growth plans? Can you do bulk orders? SF: Yes, I can surely work on bulk orders but the order should be placed at least a couple of weeks or more in advance. I do plan to expand this venture by taking orders from people living in other cities. Once that works out, I will try to expand it further. A website is going to be launched soon. I am trying to spread the word by sponsoring a few events or college festivals. My venture is still young and gradually making a mark. I feel it will be a while for it to take off on a national level. Hoping for the best! MG: Any message for the readers SF: The only message I can give is that ‘never be afraid to follow your dreams and do something you love’. Also, do visit my facebook page i.e Shoe-U and The Artisans (my other venture where you can order customized hand painted mugs, T shirts, home décor and other gift items).  If you are looking for customized gifts on a budget, contact Stefan. I am sure he will have an answer to your woes. Images via Stephan Fernandes and pininterest  Gifting season has not yet left us. December month brings on the shopping and gifting spree, thanks to Christmas and New Year. And, these days everyone looks for gifts that can be customized to add that personal touch. While, searching for such options I came across Shoe-U. Owned by 21 year old Stefan Fernandes, Shoe-U transforms your plain canvas shoes or sports shoes into a piece of art. Hand painted Converse shoes are a rage abroad. Now, it is gathering the status of a style statement in our very own Mumbai campus. If you are crazy about Garfield, get a customized Garfield design hand painted on your shoes, if your niece loves Transformers; get an autobot like Bumblebee hand painted on her little sneakers. If you like celtic tattoos, get them on your shoes too. And the list goes on. Run your imagination wild and get that design you have always wanted, hand painted on your shoes. Or if you simply want to give your old shoes a makeover, join the workshops conducted by Stephan and learn to bring your design ideas to life with colourful fabric paints. Stephan has been creating hand painted shoes from the past 2 years. He is still a student and pursuing his further studies. He loves art. For him, painting shoes is a stress buster. Initially, his family was a bit doubtful about his business venture but with his success he has proven that art can be a good business opportunity too. So, how did Stephan start with this creative venture? Let’s find out from Stephan: MG:  How did you come up with the idea of creating customized hand painted shoes? Which shoes can you customize? SF: The idea for this venture was actually an inspiration I drew from my friend who was part of a shoe painting workshop during a college fest we visited in Goa. When I saw the shoes she had worked upon, I knew for sure that this is a way of showcasing my creativity as well as my love for art. I get orders for canvas shoes but I also work on converse, DC shoes, etc. MG: Till now how many shoes have been ordered? Who are your clients? What is the price? SF: I’ve sold 70+ orders so far and still working on a few right now. My clients vary from time to time but mainly these are college students or older. The prices of these shoes are quite reasonable i.e. Rs. 900 (for canvas shoes inclusive of courier delivery) and the prices of the shoes increase depending on the urgency or a type of shoe (other than canvas shoes). I discuss the order with the client, ask details about their shoe size, shoe type and quality and the design they have in mind and eventually start my designing work.  MG: What is your educational background? Are you happy being an entrepreneur? Do you enjoy your work? SF: I’m a BA graduate from St. Xavier’s College and studying MA at Mumbai University right now. Yes, I’m happy being an entrepreneur and I really enjoy my work because I love painting and this sometimes acts like a stress buster. MG:  Recently, you did a workshop at St Xavier’s college? How was the response? What did the students gain from this workshop? SF: I did a workshop at St. Xavier’s college recently, which was actually my first. It was a special moment for me because I was asked to conduct a workshop at a place where this venture began and took shape. The response was surprisingly good. Around 20 students were present for the workshop. They got a chance to experience what I do for a living and they really seemed to enjoy the workshop. I helped them whenever they were unsure about their designs and gave them tips to paint something that they will be comfortable wearing. I was surprised to see a variety of artwork made by them.  MG:  What are your growth plans? Can you do bulk orders? SF: Yes, I can surely work on bulk orders but the order should be placed at least a couple of weeks or more in advance. I do plan to expand this venture by taking orders from people living in other cities. Once that works out, I will try to expand it further. A website is going to be launched soon. I am trying to spread the word by sponsoring a few events or college festivals. My venture is still young and gradually making a mark. I feel it will be a while for it to take off on a national level. Hoping for the best! MG: Any message for the readers SF: The only message I can give is that ‘never be afraid to follow your dreams and do something you love’. Also, do visit my facebook page i.e Shoe-U and The Artisans (my other venture where you can order customized hand painted mugs, T shirts, home décor and other gift items).  If you are looking for customized gifts on a budget, contact Stefan. I am sure he will have an answer to your woes. Images via Stephan Fernandes and pininterest This week Mumbai is witnessing art in many forms with GoodHomes for Art week 2013. MumbaiGloss decided to celebrate art in its own way. It decided to showcase the affinity between fashion and art through the works of Sumer Verma, who is a fashion and a wildlife photographer. Sumer was a diving instructor on the exotic islets of Kadmat and Bangaram, in Lakshadweep before he decided to fiddle with the shutterbox. While teaching people to dive, he also started making underwater wildlife documentaries and taking photographs of the colourful world beneath the blue. Gradually, his work expanded to fashion and fine art. He began experimenting with the interesting effects of light moving from the medium of air into that of water, its still glass-like reflective qualities and its playful bubbles to bring out colours in fabrics, the sparkle in jewelry and the grace in the contours of a human body. He has shot editorials for Vogue and Condenast Traveller, advertisements for Channel V and wildlife videography for Dusty Foot Productions, amongst many other illustrious clients. His work is available as prints and stock images, and he also specializes in editorials, advertisements and film shoots. Let us see his illustrious work in this photofeature. I am sure those who love fashion will be enthralled to no-limits knowing the possibilities of capturing glamour and beauty under water.                    This week Mumbai is witnessing art in many forms with GoodHomes for Art week 2013. MumbaiGloss decided to celebrate art in its own way. It decided to showcase the affinity between fashion and art through the works of Sumer Verma, who is a fashion and a wildlife photographer. Sumer was a diving instructor on the exotic islets of Kadmat and Bangaram, in Lakshadweep before he decided to fiddle with the shutterbox. While teaching people to dive, he also started making underwater wildlife documentaries and taking photographs of the colourful world beneath the blue. Gradually, his work expanded to fashion and fine art. He began experimenting with the interesting effects of light moving from the medium of air into that of water, its still glass-like reflective qualities and its playful bubbles to bring out colours in fabrics, the sparkle in jewelry and the grace in the contours of a human body. He has shot editorials for Vogue and Condenast Traveller, advertisements for Channel V and wildlife videography for Dusty Foot Productions, amongst many other illustrious clients. His work is available as prints and stock images, and he also specializes in editorials, advertisements and film shoots. Let us see his illustrious work in this photofeature. I am sure those who love fashion will be enthralled to no-limits knowing the possibilities of capturing glamour and beauty under water.                    This week Mumbai is witnessing art in many forms with GoodHomes for Art week 2013. MumbaiGloss decided to celebrate art in its own way. It decided to showcase the affinity between fashion and art through the works of Sumer Verma, who is a fashion and a wildlife photographer. Sumer was a diving instructor on the exotic islets of Kadmat and Bangaram, in Lakshadweep before he decided to fiddle with the shutterbox. While teaching people to dive, he also started making underwater wildlife documentaries and taking photographs of the colourful world beneath the blue. Gradually, his work expanded to fashion and fine art. He began experimenting with the interesting effects of light moving from the medium of air into that of water, its still glass-like reflective qualities and its playful bubbles to bring out colours in fabrics, the sparkle in jewelry and the grace in the contours of a human body. He has shot editorials for Vogue and Condenast Traveller, advertisements for Channel V and wildlife videography for Dusty Foot Productions, amongst many other illustrious clients. His work is available as prints and stock images, and he also specializes in editorials, advertisements and film shoots. Let us see his illustrious work in this photofeature. I am sure those who love fashion will be enthralled to no-limits knowing the possibilities of capturing glamour and beauty under water.                    This week Mumbai is witnessing art in many forms with GoodHomes for Art week 2013. MumbaiGloss decided to celebrate art in its own way. It decided to showcase the affinity between fashion and art through the works of Sumer Verma, who is a fashion and a wildlife photographer. Sumer was a diving instructor on the exotic islets of Kadmat and Bangaram, in Lakshadweep before he decided to fiddle with the shutterbox. While teaching people to dive, he also started making underwater wildlife documentaries and taking photographs of the colourful world beneath the blue. Gradually, his work expanded to fashion and fine art. He began experimenting with the interesting effects of light moving from the medium of air into that of water, its still glass-like reflective qualities and its playful bubbles to bring out colours in fabrics, the sparkle in jewelry and the grace in the contours of a human body. He has shot editorials for Vogue and Condenast Traveller, advertisements for Channel V and wildlife videography for Dusty Foot Productions, amongst many other illustrious clients. His work is available as prints and stock images, and he also specializes in editorials, advertisements and film shoots. Let us see his illustrious work in this photofeature. I am sure those who love fashion will be enthralled to no-limits knowing the possibilities of capturing glamour and beauty under water.                    Recently, I came across a free copy of Noblesse India, a luxury and lifestyle magazine and saw stunning photographs of Aishwarya Rai Bachchan. I was fairly surprised and absolutely happy to see her return to her glam avatar. She is rumored to be making her comeback with director Karan Malhotra’s upcoming movie Shuddi, opposite Hrithik Roshan (Facebook/World Of Aish).  I know the entire media is writing about her Noblesse photo shoot where she is wearing designer gowns and was decked up by celebrity stylist Daniel Bauer. But I was looking beyond this glamour and appreciating her strong resolution to come back and conquer again.  Since her pregnancy in 2011, Aishwarya Rai Bachchan has received a lot of flak because of her de-glammed appearances, her weight gain and her fashion choices. Many wrote her off saying that her career is over with her pregnancy. (She opted out of the much publicized and ambitious project, Madhur Bhandarkar’s ‘Heroine’). The rumours of her leaving the industry did a few rounds but died down as she kept on making rave appearances in Cannes and other international film festivals, representing India and ensuring that Bollywood shined at the foreign shores.  What I want to talk about today is that how this beauty queen turned a girl-next-door when marrying her love as well as when she delivered a baby. She took her time to tend to the critical years of her daughter Aaradhya Bachchan, when as an infant a child needs the mother the most. She was a hands-down-mummy and would spend maximum time with her child even with her occasional star appearances both in India and abroad. These initial years of bonding prove to be a lifelong boost for a child’s emotional and psychological health. She would travel with the baby to all her international visits and commitments.  She is herself very much attached to her mother Vrinda Rai and wants to develop a similar relationship with her daughter. I am sure all the mums and daughters can relate to it. She drew a lot of criticism when she didn’t lose the post pregnancy weight for a long-long time (read 1-2 years). Of course, other celebrity mums were dropping pounds as soon as they were out of the labour room. I am happy to say that at least one celebrity mother decided to set realistic standards for her fans and followers. Her kaftan dresses, anarkalis and brocade sarees didn’t go well with the fashion police. Yet she decided to appear in dresses she was comfortable in and could carry off with elegance. Aishwarya took time to get back to shape and focus on other important aspects of her life which were on priority at that point of time. And now she is back with a bang. Look at the 40 year old sizzle on the sands of The Leela, Goa. She can still give the latest glam brigade a run for their money. In one of her interviews with a magazine she claims that she has a sweet tooth and starts her day with a cupcake. (If you would like to believe it, looking at her svelte figure now). And she doesn’t workout regularly. Now that makes her mortal, like you and me, who gives in to her sins and indulges in the good things of life. I am eager to see her performance in her next release.  I want to see how a mother bounces back to her natural self and gets on with the grind. It will be an inspiration to all the new mothers who beat themselves up on issues related to career and weight gain. Aishwarya has set an example on how to prioritise in life.  She might be a star to the world, she might be the career woman, the Bollywood diva, but her child and family command equal attention from her.  And that what makes her so awe inspiring.  Images: Pininterest, Noblesse India Recently, I came across a free copy of Noblesse India, a luxury and lifestyle magazine and saw stunning photographs of Aishwarya Rai Bachchan. I was fairly surprised and absolutely happy to see her return to her glam avatar. She is rumored to be making her comeback with director Karan Malhotra’s upcoming movie Shuddi, opposite Hrithik Roshan (Facebook/World Of Aish).  I know the entire media is writing about her Noblesse photo shoot where she is wearing designer gowns and was decked up by celebrity stylist Daniel Bauer. But I was looking beyond this glamour and appreciating her strong resolution to come back and conquer again.  Since her pregnancy in 2011, Aishwarya Rai Bachchan has received a lot of flak because of her de-glammed appearances, her weight gain and her fashion choices. Many wrote her off saying that her career is over with her pregnancy. (She opted out of the much publicized and ambitious project, Madhur Bhandarkar’s ‘Heroine’). The rumours of her leaving the industry did a few rounds but died down as she kept on making rave appearances in Cannes and other international film festivals, representing India and ensuring that Bollywood shined at the foreign shores.  What I want to talk about today is that how this beauty queen turned a girl-next-door when marrying her love as well as when she delivered a baby. She took her time to tend to the critical years of her daughter Aaradhya Bachchan, when as an infant a child needs the mother the most. She was a hands-down-mummy and would spend maximum time with her child even with her occasional star appearances both in India and abroad. These initial years of bonding prove to be a lifelong boost for a child’s emotional and psychological health. She would travel with the baby to all her international visits and commitments.  She is herself very much attached to her mother Vrinda Rai and wants to develop a similar relationship with her daughter. I am sure all the mums and daughters can relate to it. She drew a lot of criticism when she didn’t lose the post pregnancy weight for a long-long time (read 1-2 years). Of course, other celebrity mums were dropping pounds as soon as they were out of the labour room. I am happy to say that at least one celebrity mother decided to set realistic standards for her fans and followers. Her kaftan dresses, anarkalis and brocade sarees didn’t go well with the fashion police. Yet she decided to appear in dresses she was comfortable in and could carry off with elegance. Aishwarya took time to get back to shape and focus on other important aspects of her life which were on priority at that point of time. And now she is back with a bang. Look at the 40 year old sizzle on the sands of The Leela, Goa. She can still give the latest glam brigade a run for their money. In one of her interviews with a magazine she claims that she has a sweet tooth and starts her day with a cupcake. (If you would like to believe it, looking at her svelte figure now). And she doesn’t workout regularly. Now that makes her mortal, like you and me, who gives in to her sins and indulges in the good things of life. I am eager to see her performance in her next release.  I want to see how a mother bounces back to her natural self and gets on with the grind. It will be an inspiration to all the new mothers who beat themselves up on issues related to career and weight gain. Aishwarya has set an example on how to prioritise in life.  She might be a star to the world, she might be the career woman, the Bollywood diva, but her child and family command equal attention from her.  And that what makes her so awe inspiring.  Images: Pininterest, Noblesse India Recently, I came across a free copy of Noblesse India, a luxury and lifestyle magazine and saw stunning photographs of Aishwarya Rai Bachchan. I was fairly surprised and absolutely happy to see her return to her glam avatar. She is rumored to be making her comeback with director Karan Malhotra’s upcoming movie Shuddi, opposite Hrithik Roshan (Facebook/World Of Aish).  I know the entire media is writing about her Noblesse photo shoot where she is wearing designer gowns and was decked up by celebrity stylist Daniel Bauer. But I was looking beyond this glamour and appreciating her strong resolution to come back and conquer again.  Since her pregnancy in 2011, Aishwarya Rai Bachchan has received a lot of flak because of her de-glammed appearances, her weight gain and her fashion choices. Many wrote her off saying that her career is over with her pregnancy. (She opted out of the much publicized and ambitious project, Madhur Bhandarkar’s ‘Heroine’). The rumours of her leaving the industry did a few rounds but died down as she kept on making rave appearances in Cannes and other international film festivals, representing India and ensuring that Bollywood shined at the foreign shores.  What I want to talk about today is that how this beauty queen turned a girl-next-door when marrying her love as well as when she delivered a baby. She took her time to tend to the critical years of her daughter Aaradhya Bachchan, when as an infant a child needs the mother the most. She was a hands-down-mummy and would spend maximum time with her child even with her occasional star appearances both in India and abroad. These initial years of bonding prove to be a lifelong boost for a child’s emotional and psychological health. She would travel with the baby to all her international visits and commitments.  She is herself very much attached to her mother Vrinda Rai and wants to develop a similar relationship with her daughter. I am sure all the mums and daughters can relate to it. She drew a lot of criticism when she didn’t lose the post pregnancy weight for a long-long time (read 1-2 years). Of course, other celebrity mums were dropping pounds as soon as they were out of the labour room. I am happy to say that at least one celebrity mother decided to set realistic standards for her fans and followers. Her kaftan dresses, anarkalis and brocade sarees didn’t go well with the fashion police. Yet she decided to appear in dresses she was comfortable in and could carry off with elegance. Aishwarya took time to get back to shape and focus on other important aspects of her life which were on priority at that point of time. And now she is back with a bang. Look at the 40 year old sizzle on the sands of The Leela, Goa. She can still give the latest glam brigade a run for their money. In one of her interviews with a magazine she claims that she has a sweet tooth and starts her day with a cupcake. (If you would like to believe it, looking at her svelte figure now). And she doesn’t workout regularly. Now that makes her mortal, like you and me, who gives in to her sins and indulges in the good things of life. I am eager to see her performance in her next release.  I want to see how a mother bounces back to her natural self and gets on with the grind. It will be an inspiration to all the new mothers who beat themselves up on issues related to career and weight gain. Aishwarya has set an example on how to prioritise in life.  She might be a star to the world, she might be the career woman, the Bollywood diva, but her child and family command equal attention from her.  And that what makes her so awe inspiring.  Images: Pininterest, Noblesse India Recently, I came across a free copy of Noblesse India, a luxury and lifestyle magazine and saw stunning photographs of Aishwarya Rai Bachchan. I was fairly surprised and absolutely happy to see her return to her glam avatar. She is rumored to be making her comeback with director Karan Malhotra’s upcoming movie Shuddi, opposite Hrithik Roshan (Facebook/World Of Aish).  I know the entire media is writing about her Noblesse photo shoot where she is wearing designer gowns and was decked up by celebrity stylist Daniel Bauer. But I was looking beyond this glamour and appreciating her strong resolution to come back and conquer again.  Since her pregnancy in 2011, Aishwarya Rai Bachchan has received a lot of flak because of her de-glammed appearances, her weight gain and her fashion choices. Many wrote her off saying that her career is over with her pregnancy. (She opted out of the much publicized and ambitious project, Madhur Bhandarkar’s ‘Heroine’). The rumours of her leaving the industry did a few rounds but died down as she kept on making rave appearances in Cannes and other international film festivals, representing India and ensuring that Bollywood shined at the foreign shores.  What I want to talk about today is that how this beauty queen turned a girl-next-door when marrying her love as well as when she delivered a baby. She took her time to tend to the critical years of her daughter Aaradhya Bachchan, when as an infant a child needs the mother the most. She was a hands-down-mummy and would spend maximum time with her child even with her occasional star appearances both in India and abroad. These initial years of bonding prove to be a lifelong boost for a child’s emotional and psychological health. She would travel with the baby to all her international visits and commitments.  She is herself very much attached to her mother Vrinda Rai and wants to develop a similar relationship with her daughter. I am sure all the mums and daughters can relate to it. She drew a lot of criticism when she didn’t lose the post pregnancy weight for a long-long time (read 1-2 years). Of course, other celebrity mums were dropping pounds as soon as they were out of the labour room. I am happy to say that at least one celebrity mother decided to set realistic standards for her fans and followers. Her kaftan dresses, anarkalis and brocade sarees didn’t go well with the fashion police. Yet she decided to appear in dresses she was comfortable in and could carry off with elegance. Aishwarya took time to get back to shape and focus on other important aspects of her life which were on priority at that point of time. And now she is back with a bang. Look at the 40 year old sizzle on the sands of The Leela, Goa. She can still give the latest glam brigade a run for their money. In one of her interviews with a magazine she claims that she has a sweet tooth and starts her day with a cupcake. (If you would like to believe it, looking at her svelte figure now). And she doesn’t workout regularly. Now that makes her mortal, like you and me, who gives in to her sins and indulges in the good things of life. I am eager to see her performance in her next release.  I want to see how a mother bounces back to her natural self and gets on with the grind. It will be an inspiration to all the new mothers who beat themselves up on issues related to career and weight gain. Aishwarya has set an example on how to prioritise in life.  She might be a star to the world, she might be the career woman, the Bollywood diva, but her child and family command equal attention from her.  And that what makes her so awe inspiring.  Images: Pininterest, Noblesse India Indian jewellery is not restricted to only Indian shores anymore. It has gathered momentum in many parts of the world. Thanks to Hollywood celebrities like Heather Graham, Adele, Jennifer Lopez and many others, a Mughal set is not only donned over a saree or lehenga but also over western outfits and evening gowns. The latest craze in the circle being jadau jewellery with enamel work (Meenakari). We spoke to Manubhai Jewellers director Samir Sagar who gave us insight on this trend and what it takes to preserve such precious and beautiful jewellery for the coming generations. MG: How is Jadau and enamel confluence trending the market? MJ: Jadau Jewellery has become a rage among the brides-to–be these days.  Being an ancient technique of manufacturing jewellery, jadau gives a heritage look once worn, especially on the wedding day. The design in each jewellery piece is inspired by the regality of the Mughal dynasty, teamed with gemstones such as rubies, emeralds and kundan stones. So when a bride wears such a piece on her wedding outfit, it makes her feel like a princess. The art of Jadau uses much colour through the entire jewellery piece. To add grandeur and colour to the set, the back of the jewellery pieces are enamelled. The art of enamelling requires a keen eye for detailing and a high degree of skill on part of the artisan. Ruby and emerald pota’s are the most common gemstones used to add the red and green colour in jadau jewellery. Precious stones such as uncut diamonds (polki / vilandi), blue and pink sapphires along with pearls are also another special feature in jadau jewellery. Especially in long kantha’s (string work), the entire neckpiece is made up of pearls with gold beads. Several brides today are opting for the traditional jadau jewellery with an antique finish, because it adds glamour to the occasion. Each jewellery piece feels like a heritage piece handed down from generations, selected from the treasure of a Queen.  Heavy Chokers have become very popular among brides. Chokers with an antique polish and engraving on the gold piece combined with south sea pearl drop have become a huge favourite.  Most brides like to team this up with a long kantha in pearls and beads designed in the Rajwada style.   Paisley motifs complete with red and white kundan stones is in trend currently.  The innovation in design with various motif’s and craftsmanship renders a distinct contemporary feel to each piece.  Today a bride can not only adorn a jadau jewellery piece on a lehenga, but also carry it off well on a gown at an evening party. MG: Thank you for letting us know about the trends. As you mentioned that these designs can also be worn over a gown at an evening party, can you please elaborate which designs can be worn with western wear? Are these popular in the west?  MJ: Contemporary jewellery designs are inspired by the ancient art, but does not emulate it entirely. The jewellery piece today has more intricate craftsmanship with delicate engraving. The main or centre pendant would have a traditional look but the remaining portion of the piece would have a more modern and artistic look. Filigree is another addition within the design giving a contemporary look to the piece and it looks understated yet elegant with a gown. Using geometric designs in sets is another way to create a modern twist. Designers work towards balancing the design; crafting a contemporary piece while maintaining the aesthetics of traditions. The west in fact has always been smitten by Indian jewellery and is more openly adorning them now.  MG: Of course. Recently, we have seen a string of Hollywood celebrities appearing in traditional Indian jewellery on western outfits. But as these look very expernsive, can you throw some light on its price? MJ: Jewellery pieces range from as low as 80 gms to 100 gms in light weight pieces and sometimes even go upto 900 gms in an elaborate neckpiece. So price of the jewellery too ranges from 1 Lac to 20 Lacs. However, the price fluctuations are based mainly on the karigari or labour charge. Each piece is handmade with every karigar laboriously working on each element of the entire jewellery piece and design. MG: Yes! I agree that a piece of jewellery is a work of art. And the efforts put into creating one are the decisive factors related to its cost, not to mention quality of stones used, gold quality, etc. How can we preserve jadau and enamel jewellery? What are tips to keep jadau enamel jewellry safe from damage so that it can be passed on to generations? MJ: Jewellery usually gathers a film from lotions, powders, soaps and natural skin oils which erode the sheen of the metal. Sometimes even the chemicals present in our atmosphere or while we travel can oxidize the metal, depending on the purity of gold. Cleaning Jewellery: Using harsh chemicals to clean gold will reduce its luster; making it look worn out. Instead use a mild detergent at home, (dishwashing powder) with warm water in a bowl. Dip the jewellery for a minute and gently brush the same with a soft bristled tooth brush in the direction of the setting. For Kundan jewellery, avoid contact with any form of water, damp cloth, any other liquid or soapy solution. In case the kundan jewellery turns dull or acquires any blemishes, use a basic eraser (used for erasing pencil marks).  If the darkened portion isn’t getting cleaned, take it to your nearest jeweller for a safe remedy. Maintaining Jewellery: MG: Thank you for you valueable inputs on the upkeep of jadau and enamel jewellery. Can you talk a bit about the latest collection from Manubhai Jewellers? MJ: Manubhai Jewellers has launched its bridal collection, Utsavi which includes a variety of range from elaborate chokers and multiple lined kanthas to medium sized necklaces and large pendant sets. It has also put on view heavy kundan and jadau jewellery. It is a blend of contemporary and traditional designs. The collection influenced from the royal courts of the Mughal Era. To know more about this collection, please visit www.manubhai.in. You can also follow us on Facebook for regular updates. So, what are you waiting for brides-to-be. Manubhai jewellers have two branches (Borivali & Ghatkopar) where you can check out their latest collection. Use these tips to keep your jewellery shining and intact for many many years.   Indian jewellery is not restricted to only Indian shores anymore. It has gathered momentum in many parts of the world. Thanks to Hollywood celebrities like Heather Graham, Adele, Jennifer Lopez and many others, a Mughal set is not only donned over a saree or lehenga but also over western outfits and evening gowns. The latest craze in the circle being jadau jewellery with enamel work (Meenakari). We spoke to Manubhai Jewellers director Samir Sagar who gave us insight on this trend and what it takes to preserve such precious and beautiful jewellery for the coming generations. MG: How is Jadau and enamel confluence trending the market? MJ: Jadau Jewellery has become a rage among the brides-to–be these days.  Being an ancient technique of manufacturing jewellery, jadau gives a heritage look once worn, especially on the wedding day. The design in each jewellery piece is inspired by the regality of the Mughal dynasty, teamed with gemstones such as rubies, emeralds and kundan stones. So when a bride wears such a piece on her wedding outfit, it makes her feel like a princess. The art of Jadau uses much colour through the entire jewellery piece. To add grandeur and colour to the set, the back of the jewellery pieces are enamelled. The art of enamelling requires a keen eye for detailing and a high degree of skill on part of the artisan. Ruby and emerald pota’s are the most common gemstones used to add the red and green colour in jadau jewellery. Precious stones such as uncut diamonds (polki / vilandi), blue and pink sapphires along with pearls are also another special feature in jadau jewellery. Especially in long kantha’s (string work), the entire neckpiece is made up of pearls with gold beads. Several brides today are opting for the traditional jadau jewellery with an antique finish, because it adds glamour to the occasion. Each jewellery piece feels like a heritage piece handed down from generations, selected from the treasure of a Queen.  Heavy Chokers have become very popular among brides. Chokers with an antique polish and engraving on the gold piece combined with south sea pearl drop have become a huge favourite.  Most brides like to team this up with a long kantha in pearls and beads designed in the Rajwada style.   Paisley motifs complete with red and white kundan stones is in trend currently.  The innovation in design with various motif’s and craftsmanship renders a distinct contemporary feel to each piece.  Today a bride can not only adorn a jadau jewellery piece on a lehenga, but also carry it off well on a gown at an evening party. MG: Thank you for letting us know about the trends. As you mentioned that these designs can also be worn over a gown at an evening party, can you please elaborate which designs can be worn with western wear? Are these popular in the west?  MJ: Contemporary jewellery designs are inspired by the ancient art, but does not emulate it entirely. The jewellery piece today has more intricate craftsmanship with delicate engraving. The main or centre pendant would have a traditional look but the remaining portion of the piece would have a more modern and artistic look. Filigree is another addition within the design giving a contemporary look to the piece and it looks understated yet elegant with a gown. Using geometric designs in sets is another way to create a modern twist. Designers work towards balancing the design; crafting a contemporary piece while maintaining the aesthetics of traditions. The west in fact has always been smitten by Indian jewellery and is more openly adorning them now.  MG: Of course. Recently, we have seen a string of Hollywood celebrities appearing in traditional Indian jewellery on western outfits. But as these look very expernsive, can you throw some light on its price? MJ: Jewellery pieces range from as low as 80 gms to 100 gms in light weight pieces and sometimes even go upto 900 gms in an elaborate neckpiece. So price of the jewellery too ranges from 1 Lac to 20 Lacs. However, the price fluctuations are based mainly on the karigari or labour charge. Each piece is handmade with every karigar laboriously working on each element of the entire jewellery piece and design. MG: Yes! I agree that a piece of jewellery is a work of art. And the efforts put into creating one are the decisive factors related to its cost, not to mention quality of stones used, gold quality, etc. How can we preserve jadau and enamel jewellery? What are tips to keep jadau enamel jewellry safe from damage so that it can be passed on to generations? MJ: Jewellery usually gathers a film from lotions, powders, soaps and natural skin oils which erode the sheen of the metal. Sometimes even the chemicals present in our atmosphere or while we travel can oxidize the metal, depending on the purity of gold. Cleaning Jewellery: Using harsh chemicals to clean gold will reduce its luster; making it look worn out. Instead use a mild detergent at home, (dishwashing powder) with warm water in a bowl. Dip the jewellery for a minute and gently brush the same with a soft bristled tooth brush in the direction of the setting. For Kundan jewellery, avoid contact with any form of water, damp cloth, any other liquid or soapy solution. In case the kundan jewellery turns dull or acquires any blemishes, use a basic eraser (used for erasing pencil marks).  If the darkened portion isn’t getting cleaned, take it to your nearest jeweller for a safe remedy. Maintaining Jewellery: MG: Thank you for you valueable inputs on the upkeep of jadau and enamel jewellery. Can you talk a bit about the latest collection from Manubhai Jewellers? MJ: Manubhai Jewellers has launched its bridal collection, Utsavi which includes a variety of range from elaborate chokers and multiple lined kanthas to medium sized necklaces and large pendant sets. It has also put on view heavy kundan and jadau jewellery. It is a blend of contemporary and traditional designs. The collection influenced from the royal courts of the Mughal Era. To know more about this collection, please visit www.manubhai.in. You can also follow us on Facebook for regular updates. So, what are you waiting for brides-to-be. Manubhai jewellers have two branches (Borivali & Ghatkopar) where you can check out their latest collection. Use these tips to keep your jewellery shining and intact for many many years.   Indian jewellery is not restricted to only Indian shores anymore. It has gathered momentum in many parts of the world. Thanks to Hollywood celebrities like Heather Graham, Adele, Jennifer Lopez and many others, a Mughal set is not only donned over a saree or lehenga but also over western outfits and evening gowns. The latest craze in the circle being jadau jewellery with enamel work (Meenakari). We spoke to Manubhai Jewellers director Samir Sagar who gave us insight on this trend and what it takes to preserve such precious and beautiful jewellery for the coming generations. MG: How is Jadau and enamel confluence trending the market? MJ: Jadau Jewellery has become a rage among the brides-to–be these days.  Being an ancient technique of manufacturing jewellery, jadau gives a heritage look once worn, especially on the wedding day. The design in each jewellery piece is inspired by the regality of the Mughal dynasty, teamed with gemstones such as rubies, emeralds and kundan stones. So when a bride wears such a piece on her wedding outfit, it makes her feel like a princess. The art of Jadau uses much colour through the entire jewellery piece. To add grandeur and colour to the set, the back of the jewellery pieces are enamelled. The art of enamelling requires a keen eye for detailing and a high degree of skill on part of the artisan. Ruby and emerald pota’s are the most common gemstones used to add the red and green colour in jadau jewellery. Precious stones such as uncut diamonds (polki / vilandi), blue and pink sapphires along with pearls are also another special feature in jadau jewellery. Especially in long kantha’s (string work), the entire neckpiece is made up of pearls with gold beads. Several brides today are opting for the traditional jadau jewellery with an antique finish, because it adds glamour to the occasion. Each jewellery piece feels like a heritage piece handed down from generations, selected from the treasure of a Queen.  Heavy Chokers have become very popular among brides. Chokers with an antique polish and engraving on the gold piece combined with south sea pearl drop have become a huge favourite.  Most brides like to team this up with a long kantha in pearls and beads designed in the Rajwada style.   Paisley motifs complete with red and white kundan stones is in trend currently.  The innovation in design with various motif’s and craftsmanship renders a distinct contemporary feel to each piece.  Today a bride can not only adorn a jadau jewellery piece on a lehenga, but also carry it off well on a gown at an evening party. MG: Thank you for letting us know about the trends. As you mentioned that these designs can also be worn over a gown at an evening party, can you please elaborate which designs can be worn with western wear? Are these popular in the west?  MJ: Contemporary jewellery designs are inspired by the ancient art, but does not emulate it entirely. The jewellery piece today has more intricate craftsmanship with delicate engraving. The main or centre pendant would have a traditional look but the remaining portion of the piece would have a more modern and artistic look. Filigree is another addition within the design giving a contemporary look to the piece and it looks understated yet elegant with a gown. Using geometric designs in sets is another way to create a modern twist. Designers work towards balancing the design; crafting a contemporary piece while maintaining the aesthetics of traditions. The west in fact has always been smitten by Indian jewellery and is more openly adorning them now.  MG: Of course. Recently, we have seen a string of Hollywood celebrities appearing in traditional Indian jewellery on western outfits. But as these look very expernsive, can you throw some light on its price? MJ: Jewellery pieces range from as low as 80 gms to 100 gms in light weight pieces and sometimes even go upto 900 gms in an elaborate neckpiece. So price of the jewellery too ranges from 1 Lac to 20 Lacs. However, the price fluctuations are based mainly on the karigari or labour charge. Each piece is handmade with every karigar laboriously working on each element of the entire jewellery piece and design. MG: Yes! I agree that a piece of jewellery is a work of art. And the efforts put into creating one are the decisive factors related to its cost, not to mention quality of stones used, gold quality, etc. How can we preserve jadau and enamel jewellery? What are tips to keep jadau enamel jewellry safe from damage so that it can be passed on to generations? MJ: Jewellery usually gathers a film from lotions, powders, soaps and natural skin oils which erode the sheen of the metal. Sometimes even the chemicals present in our atmosphere or while we travel can oxidize the metal, depending on the purity of gold. Cleaning Jewellery: Using harsh chemicals to clean gold will reduce its luster; making it look worn out. Instead use a mild detergent at home, (dishwashing powder) with warm water in a bowl. Dip the jewellery for a minute and gently brush the same with a soft bristled tooth brush in the direction of the setting. For Kundan jewellery, avoid contact with any form of water, damp cloth, any other liquid or soapy solution. In case the kundan jewellery turns dull or acquires any blemishes, use a basic eraser (used for erasing pencil marks).  If the darkened portion isn’t getting cleaned, take it to your nearest jeweller for a safe remedy. Maintaining Jewellery: MG: Thank you for you valueable inputs on the upkeep of jadau and enamel jewellery. Can you talk a bit about the latest collection from Manubhai Jewellers? MJ: Manubhai Jewellers has launched its bridal collection, Utsavi which includes a variety of range from elaborate chokers and multiple lined kanthas to medium sized necklaces and large pendant sets. It has also put on view heavy kundan and jadau jewellery. It is a blend of contemporary and traditional designs. The collection influenced from the royal courts of the Mughal Era. To know more about this collection, please visit www.manubhai.in. You can also follow us on Facebook for regular updates. So, what are you waiting for brides-to-be. Manubhai jewellers have two branches (Borivali & Ghatkopar) where you can check out their latest collection. Use these tips to keep your jewellery shining and intact for many many years.   Indian jewellery is not restricted to only Indian shores anymore. It has gathered momentum in many parts of the world. Thanks to Hollywood celebrities like Heather Graham, Adele, Jennifer Lopez and many others, a Mughal set is not only donned over a saree or lehenga but also over western outfits and evening gowns. The latest craze in the circle being jadau jewellery with enamel work (Meenakari). We spoke to Manubhai Jewellers director Samir Sagar who gave us insight on this trend and what it takes to preserve such precious and beautiful jewellery for the coming generations. MG: How is Jadau and enamel confluence trending the market? MJ: Jadau Jewellery has become a rage among the brides-to–be these days.  Being an ancient technique of manufacturing jewellery, jadau gives a heritage look once worn, especially on the wedding day. The design in each jewellery piece is inspired by the regality of the Mughal dynasty, teamed with gemstones such as rubies, emeralds and kundan stones. So when a bride wears such a piece on her wedding outfit, it makes her feel like a princess. The art of Jadau uses much colour through the entire jewellery piece. To add grandeur and colour to the set, the back of the jewellery pieces are enamelled. The art of enamelling requires a keen eye for detailing and a high degree of skill on part of the artisan. Ruby and emerald pota’s are the most common gemstones used to add the red and green colour in jadau jewellery. Precious stones such as uncut diamonds (polki / vilandi), blue and pink sapphires along with pearls are also another special feature in jadau jewellery. Especially in long kantha’s (string work), the entire neckpiece is made up of pearls with gold beads. Several brides today are opting for the traditional jadau jewellery with an antique finish, because it adds glamour to the occasion. Each jewellery piece feels like a heritage piece handed down from generations, selected from the treasure of a Queen.  Heavy Chokers have become very popular among brides. Chokers with an antique polish and engraving on the gold piece combined with south sea pearl drop have become a huge favourite.  Most brides like to team this up with a long kantha in pearls and beads designed in the Rajwada style.   Paisley motifs complete with red and white kundan stones is in trend currently.  The innovation in design with various motif’s and craftsmanship renders a distinct contemporary feel to each piece.  Today a bride can not only adorn a jadau jewellery piece on a lehenga, but also carry it off well on a gown at an evening party. MG: Thank you for letting us know about the trends. As you mentioned that these designs can also be worn over a gown at an evening party, can you please elaborate which designs can be worn with western wear? Are these popular in the west?  MJ: Contemporary jewellery designs are inspired by the ancient art, but does not emulate it entirely. The jewellery piece today has more intricate craftsmanship with delicate engraving. The main or centre pendant would have a traditional look but the remaining portion of the piece would have a more modern and artistic look. Filigree is another addition within the design giving a contemporary look to the piece and it looks understated yet elegant with a gown. Using geometric designs in sets is another way to create a modern twist. Designers work towards balancing the design; crafting a contemporary piece while maintaining the aesthetics of traditions. The west in fact has always been smitten by Indian jewellery and is more openly adorning them now.  MG: Of course. Recently, we have seen a string of Hollywood celebrities appearing in traditional Indian jewellery on western outfits. But as these look very expernsive, can you throw some light on its price? MJ: Jewellery pieces range from as low as 80 gms to 100 gms in light weight pieces and sometimes even go upto 900 gms in an elaborate neckpiece. So price of the jewellery too ranges from 1 Lac to 20 Lacs. However, the price fluctuations are based mainly on the karigari or labour charge. Each piece is handmade with every karigar laboriously working on each element of the entire jewellery piece and design. MG: Yes! I agree that a piece of jewellery is a work of art. And the efforts put into creating one are the decisive factors related to its cost, not to mention quality of stones used, gold quality, etc. How can we preserve jadau and enamel jewellery? What are tips to keep jadau enamel jewellry safe from damage so that it can be passed on to generations? MJ: Jewellery usually gathers a film from lotions, powders, soaps and natural skin oils which erode the sheen of the metal. Sometimes even the chemicals present in our atmosphere or while we travel can oxidize the metal, depending on the purity of gold. Cleaning Jewellery: Using harsh chemicals to clean gold will reduce its luster; making it look worn out. Instead use a mild detergent at home, (dishwashing powder) with warm water in a bowl. Dip the jewellery for a minute and gently brush the same with a soft bristled tooth brush in the direction of the setting. For Kundan jewellery, avoid contact with any form of water, damp cloth, any other liquid or soapy solution. In case the kundan jewellery turns dull or acquires any blemishes, use a basic eraser (used for erasing pencil marks).  If the darkened portion isn’t getting cleaned, take it to your nearest jeweller for a safe remedy. Maintaining Jewellery: MG: Thank you for you valueable inputs on the upkeep of jadau and enamel jewellery. Can you talk a bit about the latest collection from Manubhai Jewellers? MJ: Manubhai Jewellers has launched its bridal collection, Utsavi which includes a variety of range from elaborate chokers and multiple lined kanthas to medium sized necklaces and large pendant sets. It has also put on view heavy kundan and jadau jewellery. It is a blend of contemporary and traditional designs. The collection influenced from the royal courts of the Mughal Era. To know more about this collection, please visit www.manubhai.in. You can also follow us on Facebook for regular updates. So, what are you waiting for brides-to-be. Manubhai jewellers have two branches (Borivali & Ghatkopar) where you can check out their latest collection. Use these tips to keep your jewellery shining and intact for many many years.   The much anticipated debut show of “Let’s Design” winners Josh Goraya and Vedangi Agarwal took place at Wills Lifestyle India Fashion Week, on October 13. Cotton Council International (CCI) is a non-profit trade organization devoted to the promotion of cotton in India. The design competition “Let’s Design” by Cotton Council International (CCI) has become India’s premier design competition and brought cotton to the forefront of fashion.  Absolute devotion to tailoring, cut, detail and the fabric were the hallmarks of Josh Goraya’s collection, Alter Nature. The collection uses the full spectrum of cotton fabrics, batiste, organdy, poplin, cambric, voile, sateen, muslin, flannel, chambray, denim, twill, jersey, and canvas. The palette is understated but by no means dull. He combines tones of navy, off-white and grey to create vibrant mosaics with unexpected pops of red.  “Encouragement when you’re emerging onto the fashion scene is vital for new designers. Working with CCI and FDCI has provided us with a fantastic platform to showcase our collections at India Fashion Week and to incorporate high quality cottons into our collections,” said Josh.  The soft hues of the rising sun give a warm glow to the collection Aurora by Vedangi Agarwal. Vedangi elevates cotton to glamorous heights using cotton sateen, matty, twill and cambric to create stunning drapes, with delicate gold embroidery to add elegance and sophistication. Each garment challenges the notion that cotton is ordinary.  “Naturally I’ve always been aware of cotton but working with CCI has opened my eyes to the breadth of possibilities in cotton which has allowed me to grow as a designer,” added Vedangi.  Renowned designer and “Let’s Design” judge Rina Dhaka congratulated the pair on their debut collections. “They should both be very proud,” Rina said. “Both collections showed immense talent and maturity, and a deep understanding of the possibilities of cotton.”  Sunil Sethi, President of FDCI(Fashion Design Council of India) said, “It was a proud moment for FDCI to see the young designers’ passion for cotton translate to design. Josh and Vedangi showed us how the humble cotton can be made fashionable.”   The much anticipated debut show of “Let’s Design” winners Josh Goraya and Vedangi Agarwal took place at Wills Lifestyle India Fashion Week, on October 13. Cotton Council International (CCI) is a non-profit trade organization devoted to the promotion of cotton in India. The design competition “Let’s Design” by Cotton Council International (CCI) has become India’s premier design competition and brought cotton to the forefront of fashion.  Absolute devotion to tailoring, cut, detail and the fabric were the hallmarks of Josh Goraya’s collection, Alter Nature. The collection uses the full spectrum of cotton fabrics, batiste, organdy, poplin, cambric, voile, sateen, muslin, flannel, chambray, denim, twill, jersey, and canvas. The palette is understated but by no means dull. He combines tones of navy, off-white and grey to create vibrant mosaics with unexpected pops of red.  “Encouragement when you’re emerging onto the fashion scene is vital for new designers. Working with CCI and FDCI has provided us with a fantastic platform to showcase our collections at India Fashion Week and to incorporate high quality cottons into our collections,” said Josh.  The soft hues of the rising sun give a warm glow to the collection Aurora by Vedangi Agarwal. Vedangi elevates cotton to glamorous heights using cotton sateen, matty, twill and cambric to create stunning drapes, with delicate gold embroidery to add elegance and sophistication. Each garment challenges the notion that cotton is ordinary.  “Naturally I’ve always been aware of cotton but working with CCI has opened my eyes to the breadth of possibilities in cotton which has allowed me to grow as a designer,” added Vedangi.  Renowned designer and “Let’s Design” judge Rina Dhaka congratulated the pair on their debut collections. “They should both be very proud,” Rina said. “Both collections showed immense talent and maturity, and a deep understanding of the possibilities of cotton.”  Sunil Sethi, President of FDCI(Fashion Design Council of India) said, “It was a proud moment for FDCI to see the young designers’ passion for cotton translate to design. Josh and Vedangi showed us how the humble cotton can be made fashionable.”   The much anticipated debut show of “Let’s Design” winners Josh Goraya and Vedangi Agarwal took place at Wills Lifestyle India Fashion Week, on October 13. Cotton Council International (CCI) is a non-profit trade organization devoted to the promotion of cotton in India. The design competition “Let’s Design” by Cotton Council International (CCI) has become India’s premier design competition and brought cotton to the forefront of fashion.  Absolute devotion to tailoring, cut, detail and the fabric were the hallmarks of Josh Goraya’s collection, Alter Nature. The collection uses the full spectrum of cotton fabrics, batiste, organdy, poplin, cambric, voile, sateen, muslin, flannel, chambray, denim, twill, jersey, and canvas. The palette is understated but by no means dull. He combines tones of navy, off-white and grey to create vibrant mosaics with unexpected pops of red.  “Encouragement when you’re emerging onto the fashion scene is vital for new designers. Working with CCI and FDCI has provided us with a fantastic platform to showcase our collections at India Fashion Week and to incorporate high quality cottons into our collections,” said Josh.  The soft hues of the rising sun give a warm glow to the collection Aurora by Vedangi Agarwal. Vedangi elevates cotton to glamorous heights using cotton sateen, matty, twill and cambric to create stunning drapes, with delicate gold embroidery to add elegance and sophistication. Each garment challenges the notion that cotton is ordinary.  “Naturally I’ve always been aware of cotton but working with CCI has opened my eyes to the breadth of possibilities in cotton which has allowed me to grow as a designer,” added Vedangi.  Renowned designer and “Let’s Design” judge Rina Dhaka congratulated the pair on their debut collections. “They should both be very proud,” Rina said. “Both collections showed immense talent and maturity, and a deep understanding of the possibilities of cotton.”  Sunil Sethi, President of FDCI(Fashion Design Council of India) said, “It was a proud moment for FDCI to see the young designers’ passion for cotton translate to design. Josh and Vedangi showed us how the humble cotton can be made fashionable.”   The much anticipated debut show of “Let’s Design” winners Josh Goraya and Vedangi Agarwal took place at Wills Lifestyle India Fashion Week, on October 13. Cotton Council International (CCI) is a non-profit trade organization devoted to the promotion of cotton in India. The design competition “Let’s Design” by Cotton Council International (CCI) has become India’s premier design competition and brought cotton to the forefront of fashion.  Absolute devotion to tailoring, cut, detail and the fabric were the hallmarks of Josh Goraya’s collection, Alter Nature. The collection uses the full spectrum of cotton fabrics, batiste, organdy, poplin, cambric, voile, sateen, muslin, flannel, chambray, denim, twill, jersey, and canvas. The palette is understated but by no means dull. He combines tones of navy, off-white and grey to create vibrant mosaics with unexpected pops of red.  “Encouragement when you’re emerging onto the fashion scene is vital for new designers. Working with CCI and FDCI has provided us with a fantastic platform to showcase our collections at India Fashion Week and to incorporate high quality cottons into our collections,” said Josh.  The soft hues of the rising sun give a warm glow to the collection Aurora by Vedangi Agarwal. Vedangi elevates cotton to glamorous heights using cotton sateen, matty, twill and cambric to create stunning drapes, with delicate gold embroidery to add elegance and sophistication. Each garment challenges the notion that cotton is ordinary.  “Naturally I’ve always been aware of cotton but working with CCI has opened my eyes to the breadth of possibilities in cotton which has allowed me to grow as a designer,” added Vedangi.  Renowned designer and “Let’s Design” judge Rina Dhaka congratulated the pair on their debut collections. “They should both be very proud,” Rina said. “Both collections showed immense talent and maturity, and a deep understanding of the possibilities of cotton.”  Sunil Sethi, President of FDCI(Fashion Design Council of India) said, “It was a proud moment for FDCI to see the young designers’ passion for cotton translate to design. Josh and Vedangi showed us how the humble cotton can be made fashionable.”   Bridal Asia 2013 is Asia’s biggest exposition for all bridal finery, apparel and products is back with the best and the widest range all under one roof. Celebrating 15 years, Bridal Asia 2013 is once again ready to set the tone of bridal trends with new innovations and styles.   Divya Gurwara, CEO – Bridal Asia and restaurateur Aashita Relan hosted  a champagne party at The Royal China for a select gathering to  present the bridal collection by Siddartha Tytler  and jewellery by Purnima Jhunjhunwala. Sidhartha Tytler: Trained in fashion from the National Institute of Fashion Technology, New Delhi and the prestigious Fashion Institute of Technology in New York City, Siddartha  launched his label in  2002. Novel silhouettes, innovative structural elements, new fangled patterns, wearability and originality are the essential elements in every creation at Siddartha Tytler studio.  For Bridal Asia 2013 collection, the designer has played around and used various innovative techniques of surface texturing using the traditional dori embroidery. Evolving the trademark appliqué work into embroidery, the Sicilian lace collection bejeweled with lace and sequins is the highlight of the collection. The prints are inspired by the 16th century Italian motifs and the colour palette moves around rich jeweled colours – teals, fuschias, orange, turquoise, olives… and the silhouettes vary from anarkali, lehengas, pre-pleated saree gowns, gowns, skirts and jackets for women and sherwani, kurtas and waistcoats for men. Purnima Jhunjhunwala: Purnima Jhunjhunwala’s collection includes handcrafted polki, jadau, and diamond jewelry – handcrafted and beautifully designed. Each piece of her jadau and polki collection is designed to perfection and reflects a classic yet contemporary look. The high quality diamond jewelry is a blend of elegance and modernity. She enhances a bride with her exquisite bridal collection as well as makes a women feel special on any occasion with her wide range of jewellery and range earrings.  Purnima Jhunjhunwala has a loyal discerning clientele and has received an overwhelming response in adorning the beautiful women of today who are looking for something just perfect for them.  Bridal Asia 2013 is Asia’s biggest exposition for all bridal finery, apparel and products is back with the best and the widest range all under one roof. Celebrating 15 years, Bridal Asia 2013 is once again ready to set the tone of bridal trends with new innovations and styles.   Divya Gurwara, CEO – Bridal Asia and restaurateur Aashita Relan hosted  a champagne party at The Royal China for a select gathering to  present the bridal collection by Siddartha Tytler  and jewellery by Purnima Jhunjhunwala. Sidhartha Tytler: Trained in fashion from the National Institute of Fashion Technology, New Delhi and the prestigious Fashion Institute of Technology in New York City, Siddartha  launched his label in  2002. Novel silhouettes, innovative structural elements, new fangled patterns, wearability and originality are the essential elements in every creation at Siddartha Tytler studio.  For Bridal Asia 2013 collection, the designer has played around and used various innovative techniques of surface texturing using the traditional dori embroidery. Evolving the trademark appliqué work into embroidery, the Sicilian lace collection bejeweled with lace and sequins is the highlight of the collection. The prints are inspired by the 16th century Italian motifs and the colour palette moves around rich jeweled colours – teals, fuschias, orange, turquoise, olives… and the silhouettes vary from anarkali, lehengas, pre-pleated saree gowns, gowns, skirts and jackets for women and sherwani, kurtas and waistcoats for men. Purnima Jhunjhunwala: Purnima Jhunjhunwala’s collection includes handcrafted polki, jadau, and diamond jewelry – handcrafted and beautifully designed. Each piece of her jadau and polki collection is designed to perfection and reflects a classic yet contemporary look. The high quality diamond jewelry is a blend of elegance and modernity. She enhances a bride with her exquisite bridal collection as well as makes a women feel special on any occasion with her wide range of jewellery and range earrings.  Purnima Jhunjhunwala has a loyal discerning clientele and has received an overwhelming response in adorning the beautiful women of today who are looking for something just perfect for them.  Bridal Asia 2013 is Asia’s biggest exposition for all bridal finery, apparel and products is back with the best and the widest range all under one roof. Celebrating 15 years, Bridal Asia 2013 is once again ready to set the tone of bridal trends with new innovations and styles.   Divya Gurwara, CEO – Bridal Asia and restaurateur Aashita Relan hosted  a champagne party at The Royal China for a select gathering to  present the bridal collection by Siddartha Tytler  and jewellery by Purnima Jhunjhunwala. Sidhartha Tytler: Trained in fashion from the National Institute of Fashion Technology, New Delhi and the prestigious Fashion Institute of Technology in New York City, Siddartha  launched his label in  2002. Novel silhouettes, innovative structural elements, new fangled patterns, wearability and originality are the essential elements in every creation at Siddartha Tytler studio.  For Bridal Asia 2013 collection, the designer has played around and used various innovative techniques of surface texturing using the traditional dori embroidery. Evolving the trademark appliqué work into embroidery, the Sicilian lace collection bejeweled with lace and sequins is the highlight of the collection. The prints are inspired by the 16th century Italian motifs and the colour palette moves around rich jeweled colours – teals, fuschias, orange, turquoise, olives… and the silhouettes vary from anarkali, lehengas, pre-pleated saree gowns, gowns, skirts and jackets for women and sherwani, kurtas and waistcoats for men. Purnima Jhunjhunwala: Purnima Jhunjhunwala’s collection includes handcrafted polki, jadau, and diamond jewelry – handcrafted and beautifully designed. Each piece of her jadau and polki collection is designed to perfection and reflects a classic yet contemporary look. The high quality diamond jewelry is a blend of elegance and modernity. She enhances a bride with her exquisite bridal collection as well as makes a women feel special on any occasion with her wide range of jewellery and range earrings.  Purnima Jhunjhunwala has a loyal discerning clientele and has received an overwhelming response in adorning the beautiful women of today who are looking for something just perfect for them.  Bridal Asia 2013 is Asia’s biggest exposition for all bridal finery, apparel and products is back with the best and the widest range all under one roof. Celebrating 15 years, Bridal Asia 2013 is once again ready to set the tone of bridal trends with new innovations and styles.   Divya Gurwara, CEO – Bridal Asia and restaurateur Aashita Relan hosted  a champagne party at The Royal China for a select gathering to  present the bridal collection by Siddartha Tytler  and jewellery by Purnima Jhunjhunwala. Sidhartha Tytler: Trained in fashion from the National Institute of Fashion Technology, New Delhi and the prestigious Fashion Institute of Technology in New York City, Siddartha  launched his label in  2002. Novel silhouettes, innovative structural elements, new fangled patterns, wearability and originality are the essential elements in every creation at Siddartha Tytler studio.  For Bridal Asia 2013 collection, the designer has played around and used various innovative techniques of surface texturing using the traditional dori embroidery. Evolving the trademark appliqué work into embroidery, the Sicilian lace collection bejeweled with lace and sequins is the highlight of the collection. The prints are inspired by the 16th century Italian motifs and the colour palette moves around rich jeweled colours – teals, fuschias, orange, turquoise, olives… and the silhouettes vary from anarkali, lehengas, pre-pleated saree gowns, gowns, skirts and jackets for women and sherwani, kurtas and waistcoats for men. Purnima Jhunjhunwala: Purnima Jhunjhunwala’s collection includes handcrafted polki, jadau, and diamond jewelry – handcrafted and beautifully designed. Each piece of her jadau and polki collection is designed to perfection and reflects a classic yet contemporary look. The high quality diamond jewelry is a blend of elegance and modernity. She enhances a bride with her exquisite bridal collection as well as makes a women feel special on any occasion with her wide range of jewellery and range earrings.  Purnima Jhunjhunwala has a loyal discerning clientele and has received an overwhelming response in adorning the beautiful women of today who are looking for something just perfect for them.  Designer Anjalee and Arjun Kapoor showcased their latest collection ‘Jamawar Aria’ at Eros Hilton, New Delhi on 2nd September. Anjalee & Arjun has dressed up celebrities like Katrina Kaif, Deepika Padukone, Bipasha Basu, Anushka Sharma, Chitrangda Singh, Kangana Ranaut, Hema Malini and many more. The showstopper for ‘Jamawar Aria’ was Bipasha Basu, who looked stunning in a dress created with Swarovski elements.    The collection is reminiscent of the Mughal era and has a strong Jamawar influence in the collection with an essence of the Renaissance era. It has two distinct lines; opulent Victorian construction gowns and extravagant Jamawar inspired bridal couture. The dresses have a lot of texture and ruffles. Mermaid fits along with the use of peplum to construct the gowns give a fairytale like appeal. The dresses have fitted torsos which flair out at the bottom into voluminous layers. Embellished with Swarovski elements the embroidery interspersed with delicate roses and over the top use of feathers lends a very glamorous look to the ensemble.  For Bridal couture ethnicity has been fused with modern design to lure a modern bride. Deep colours like burgundy, tomato red and hot pink dominate this line. Generous use of fine fabrics such as the rich velvet and Benarasi as the base for lehengas and anarkali suits has been made.  Intense threadwork embroidery has been meticulously worked upon. Tulle and cancan is extravagantly used as an accent, to create a lacy, floating look. Enchanting cocktail sarees using shimmer chiffon captures attention. Bejewelled borders with Renaissance motifs all over as the jaal of the saree has been used. Extremely detailed bejewelled bustiers have been coordinated with the sarees and lehengas. For the new generation groom, floor length sherwanis which reek of flamboyance have been specially crafted. The silhouette is traditionally Mughal. Indo-western jackets with interesting cuts find a place in the men’s collection which can be worn stylishly over a kurta payjama and donned over pants as well.  Very interesting laser cut metallic belts have been introduced in the Jamawar Aria collection. These belts make a statement and are instant eye catchers. These can be worn on sarees or with Kaftans and western garments.Anjalee & Arjun Kapoor has studios in New Delhi, Mumbai, Hong Kong and Dubai. Available At – New Delhi – E 4, Defence Colony and D – 33, Defence Colony                                   Mumbai – Essajee & Son, Landsown House, Colaba , Battery Street Dubai – Villa No. 80 C (JMR – 80), Jumeirah Beach Road,P. O Box – 3969   Designer Anjalee and Arjun Kapoor showcased their latest collection ‘Jamawar Aria’ at Eros Hilton, New Delhi on 2nd September. Anjalee & Arjun has dressed up celebrities like Katrina Kaif, Deepika Padukone, Bipasha Basu, Anushka Sharma, Chitrangda Singh, Kangana Ranaut, Hema Malini and many more. The showstopper for ‘Jamawar Aria’ was Bipasha Basu, who looked stunning in a dress created with Swarovski elements.    The collection is reminiscent of the Mughal era and has a strong Jamawar influence in the collection with an essence of the Renaissance era. It has two distinct lines; opulent Victorian construction gowns and extravagant Jamawar inspired bridal couture. The dresses have a lot of texture and ruffles. Mermaid fits along with the use of peplum to construct the gowns give a fairytale like appeal. The dresses have fitted torsos which flair out at the bottom into voluminous layers. Embellished with Swarovski elements the embroidery interspersed with delicate roses and over the top use of feathers lends a very glamorous look to the ensemble.  For Bridal couture ethnicity has been fused with modern design to lure a modern bride. Deep colours like burgundy, tomato red and hot pink dominate this line. Generous use of fine fabrics such as the rich velvet and Benarasi as the base for lehengas and anarkali suits has been made.  Intense threadwork embroidery has been meticulously worked upon. Tulle and cancan is extravagantly used as an accent, to create a lacy, floating look. Enchanting cocktail sarees using shimmer chiffon captures attention. Bejewelled borders with Renaissance motifs all over as the jaal of the saree has been used. Extremely detailed bejewelled bustiers have been coordinated with the sarees and lehengas. For the new generation groom, floor length sherwanis which reek of flamboyance have been specially crafted. The silhouette is traditionally Mughal. Indo-western jackets with interesting cuts find a place in the men’s collection which can be worn stylishly over a kurta payjama and donned over pants as well.  Very interesting laser cut metallic belts have been introduced in the Jamawar Aria collection. These belts make a statement and are instant eye catchers. These can be worn on sarees or with Kaftans and western garments.Anjalee & Arjun Kapoor has studios in New Delhi, Mumbai, Hong Kong and Dubai. Available At – New Delhi – E 4, Defence Colony and D – 33, Defence Colony                                   Mumbai – Essajee & Son, Landsown House, Colaba , Battery Street Dubai – Villa No. 80 C (JMR – 80), Jumeirah Beach Road,P. O Box – 3969   Designer Anjalee and Arjun Kapoor showcased their latest collection ‘Jamawar Aria’ at Eros Hilton, New Delhi on 2nd September. Anjalee & Arjun has dressed up celebrities like Katrina Kaif, Deepika Padukone, Bipasha Basu, Anushka Sharma, Chitrangda Singh, Kangana Ranaut, Hema Malini and many more. The showstopper for ‘Jamawar Aria’ was Bipasha Basu, who looked stunning in a dress created with Swarovski elements.    The collection is reminiscent of the Mughal era and has a strong Jamawar influence in the collection with an essence of the Renaissance era. It has two distinct lines; opulent Victorian construction gowns and extravagant Jamawar inspired bridal couture. The dresses have a lot of texture and ruffles. Mermaid fits along with the use of peplum to construct the gowns give a fairytale like appeal. The dresses have fitted torsos which flair out at the bottom into voluminous layers. Embellished with Swarovski elements the embroidery interspersed with delicate roses and over the top use of feathers lends a very glamorous look to the ensemble.  For Bridal couture ethnicity has been fused with modern design to lure a modern bride. Deep colours like burgundy, tomato red and hot pink dominate this line. Generous use of fine fabrics such as the rich velvet and Benarasi as the base for lehengas and anarkali suits has been made.  Intense threadwork embroidery has been meticulously worked upon. Tulle and cancan is extravagantly used as an accent, to create a lacy, floating look. Enchanting cocktail sarees using shimmer chiffon captures attention. Bejewelled borders with Renaissance motifs all over as the jaal of the saree has been used. Extremely detailed bejewelled bustiers have been coordinated with the sarees and lehengas. For the new generation groom, floor length sherwanis which reek of flamboyance have been specially crafted. The silhouette is traditionally Mughal. Indo-western jackets with interesting cuts find a place in the men’s collection which can be worn stylishly over a kurta payjama and donned over pants as well.  Very interesting laser cut metallic belts have been introduced in the Jamawar Aria collection. These belts make a statement and are instant eye catchers. These can be worn on sarees or with Kaftans and western garments.Anjalee & Arjun Kapoor has studios in New Delhi, Mumbai, Hong Kong and Dubai. Available At – New Delhi – E 4, Defence Colony and D – 33, Defence Colony                                   Mumbai – Essajee & Son, Landsown House, Colaba , Battery Street Dubai – Villa No. 80 C (JMR – 80), Jumeirah Beach Road,P. O Box – 3969   Designer Anjalee and Arjun Kapoor showcased their latest collection ‘Jamawar Aria’ at Eros Hilton, New Delhi on 2nd September. Anjalee & Arjun has dressed up celebrities like Katrina Kaif, Deepika Padukone, Bipasha Basu, Anushka Sharma, Chitrangda Singh, Kangana Ranaut, Hema Malini and many more. The showstopper for ‘Jamawar Aria’ was Bipasha Basu, who looked stunning in a dress created with Swarovski elements.    The collection is reminiscent of the Mughal era and has a strong Jamawar influence in the collection with an essence of the Renaissance era. It has two distinct lines; opulent Victorian construction gowns and extravagant Jamawar inspired bridal couture. The dresses have a lot of texture and ruffles. Mermaid fits along with the use of peplum to construct the gowns give a fairytale like appeal. The dresses have fitted torsos which flair out at the bottom into voluminous layers. Embellished with Swarovski elements the embroidery interspersed with delicate roses and over the top use of feathers lends a very glamorous look to the ensemble.  For Bridal couture ethnicity has been fused with modern design to lure a modern bride. Deep colours like burgundy, tomato red and hot pink dominate this line. Generous use of fine fabrics such as the rich velvet and Benarasi as the base for lehengas and anarkali suits has been made.  Intense threadwork embroidery has been meticulously worked upon. Tulle and cancan is extravagantly used as an accent, to create a lacy, floating look. Enchanting cocktail sarees using shimmer chiffon captures attention. Bejewelled borders with Renaissance motifs all over as the jaal of the saree has been used. Extremely detailed bejewelled bustiers have been coordinated with the sarees and lehengas. For the new generation groom, floor length sherwanis which reek of flamboyance have been specially crafted. The silhouette is traditionally Mughal. Indo-western jackets with interesting cuts find a place in the men’s collection which can be worn stylishly over a kurta payjama and donned over pants as well.  Very interesting laser cut metallic belts have been introduced in the Jamawar Aria collection. These belts make a statement and are instant eye catchers. These can be worn on sarees or with Kaftans and western garments.Anjalee & Arjun Kapoor has studios in New Delhi, Mumbai, Hong Kong and Dubai. Available At – New Delhi – E 4, Defence Colony and D – 33, Defence Colony                                   Mumbai – Essajee & Son, Landsown House, Colaba , Battery Street Dubai – Villa No. 80 C (JMR – 80), Jumeirah Beach Road,P. O Box – 3969   As the festival season is approaching, it is quite obvious that we are trying to find ways to add bling to our lives. A little bling does no harm and what better way to do that than rock a pair of beautiful diamond earrings. But this becomes tricky if you have short hair. Not all earrings look good on women who sport a short haircut. Let us discuss a few options available in earrings for women with short hair. Short haircuts like pixie, bob, crop, etc. is sported by many working ladies. Even home makers prefer a chic short cut over long dos. So, when you are trying to choose an investment like a pair of diamond earring, on a short haircut which will highlight what you wear on your ears; keep in mind the following factors: 1. Face shape – A small face doesn’t look good in large OTT designs so go for delicate pair of earrings. If you have a round face, try to get ring shape or long chandelier shaped earrings rather than studs. If your face is on the fuller side, very delicate designs will be lost so go for designs like enamel and jadau or un cut diamonds, which will give a dimension to your face. If you have a very long face then go for mid length earrings rather than long chandelier shaped earrings. Make sure that the design is proportionate. 2. Skin tone – If you have a cool skin tone (pinkish to red) try to avoid rubies and garnets. Any red colour stone will make you look more flushed. Blue sapphires, purple amethyst will suit you better. Even emeralds will look good on you. Try to get white metal like white gold, platinum, silver, etc.  If you have a warm skin tone, then try to balance it with pearls and emeralds. Rubies will look excellent on you. Go for yellow metal. 3. Age – Very girly designs like florals, birds, stars and moons, etc. should be left for the younger women. Older women should go for either traditional or futuristic designs. 4. Type of occasion – If going to wedding or party go for heavy designs. If wearing as a day time or office wear accessory, keep it minimal. It’s a no brainer that with traditional wear, try to choose traditional designs and with western wear try to choose modern designs. All designs courtesy Zevadhi Jewels. Zevadhi looks to create a place of its own in the market for exquisite diamond and jadau pieces. Zevadhi continues the Moghul & Victorian tradition, adding the essence of modern design to a timeless art. Price range starts from 3 lac onward. Available at – Delhi: Plot no. 1 & 2, Wazirpur District Centre, Netaji Subash Place Mumbai: SP Hajare, 301, 3rd floor, Arvind Chamber, Sai Service Compound 194, Western Express Highway, Near Natraj Studio, Andheri East Contact – +91 98997 36983 For further information log onto www.zevadhijewels.com.   As the festival season is approaching, it is quite obvious that we are trying to find ways to add bling to our lives. A little bling does no harm and what better way to do that than rock a pair of beautiful diamond earrings. But this becomes tricky if you have short hair. Not all earrings look good on women who sport a short haircut. Let us discuss a few options available in earrings for women with short hair. Short haircuts like pixie, bob, crop, etc. is sported by many working ladies. Even home makers prefer a chic short cut over long dos. So, when you are trying to choose an investment like a pair of diamond earring, on a short haircut which will highlight what you wear on your ears; keep in mind the following factors: 1. Face shape – A small face doesn’t look good in large OTT designs so go for delicate pair of earrings. If you have a round face, try to get ring shape or long chandelier shaped earrings rather than studs. If your face is on the fuller side, very delicate designs will be lost so go for designs like enamel and jadau or un cut diamonds, which will give a dimension to your face. If you have a very long face then go for mid length earrings rather than long chandelier shaped earrings. Make sure that the design is proportionate. 2. Skin tone – If you have a cool skin tone (pinkish to red) try to avoid rubies and garnets. Any red colour stone will make you look more flushed. Blue sapphires, purple amethyst will suit you better. Even emeralds will look good on you. Try to get white metal like white gold, platinum, silver, etc.  If you have a warm skin tone, then try to balance it with pearls and emeralds. Rubies will look excellent on you. Go for yellow metal. 3. Age – Very girly designs like florals, birds, stars and moons, etc. should be left for the younger women. Older women should go for either traditional or futuristic designs. 4. Type of occasion – If going to wedding or party go for heavy designs. If wearing as a day time or office wear accessory, keep it minimal. It’s a no brainer that with traditional wear, try to choose traditional designs and with western wear try to choose modern designs. All designs courtesy Zevadhi Jewels. Zevadhi looks to create a place of its own in the market for exquisite diamond and jadau pieces. Zevadhi continues the Moghul & Victorian tradition, adding the essence of modern design to a timeless art. Price range starts from 3 lac onward. Available at – Delhi: Plot no. 1 & 2, Wazirpur District Centre, Netaji Subash Place Mumbai: SP Hajare, 301, 3rd floor, Arvind Chamber, Sai Service Compound 194, Western Express Highway, Near Natraj Studio, Andheri East Contact – +91 98997 36983 For further information log onto www.zevadhijewels.com.   As the festival season is approaching, it is quite obvious that we are trying to find ways to add bling to our lives. A little bling does no harm and what better way to do that than rock a pair of beautiful diamond earrings. But this becomes tricky if you have short hair. Not all earrings look good on women who sport a short haircut. Let us discuss a few options available in earrings for women with short hair. Short haircuts like pixie, bob, crop, etc. is sported by many working ladies. Even home makers prefer a chic short cut over long dos. So, when you are trying to choose an investment like a pair of diamond earring, on a short haircut which will highlight what you wear on your ears; keep in mind the following factors: 1. Face shape – A small face doesn’t look good in large OTT designs so go for delicate pair of earrings. If you have a round face, try to get ring shape or long chandelier shaped earrings rather than studs. If your face is on the fuller side, very delicate designs will be lost so go for designs like enamel and jadau or un cut diamonds, which will give a dimension to your face. If you have a very long face then go for mid length earrings rather than long chandelier shaped earrings. Make sure that the design is proportionate. 2. Skin tone – If you have a cool skin tone (pinkish to red) try to avoid rubies and garnets. Any red colour stone will make you look more flushed. Blue sapphires, purple amethyst will suit you better. Even emeralds will look good on you. Try to get white metal like white gold, platinum, silver, etc.  If you have a warm skin tone, then try to balance it with pearls and emeralds. Rubies will look excellent on you. Go for yellow metal. 3. Age – Very girly designs like florals, birds, stars and moons, etc. should be left for the younger women. Older women should go for either traditional or futuristic designs. 4. Type of occasion – If going to wedding or party go for heavy designs. If wearing as a day time or office wear accessory, keep it minimal. It’s a no brainer that with traditional wear, try to choose traditional designs and with western wear try to choose modern designs. All designs courtesy Zevadhi Jewels. Zevadhi looks to create a place of its own in the market for exquisite diamond and jadau pieces. Zevadhi continues the Moghul & Victorian tradition, adding the essence of modern design to a timeless art. Price range starts from 3 lac onward. Available at – Delhi: Plot no. 1 & 2, Wazirpur District Centre, Netaji Subash Place Mumbai: SP Hajare, 301, 3rd floor, Arvind Chamber, Sai Service Compound 194, Western Express Highway, Near Natraj Studio, Andheri East Contact – +91 98997 36983 For further information log onto www.zevadhijewels.com.   As the festival season is approaching, it is quite obvious that we are trying to find ways to add bling to our lives. A little bling does no harm and what better way to do that than rock a pair of beautiful diamond earrings. But this becomes tricky if you have short hair. Not all earrings look good on women who sport a short haircut. Let us discuss a few options available in earrings for women with short hair. Short haircuts like pixie, bob, crop, etc. is sported by many working ladies. Even home makers prefer a chic short cut over long dos. So, when you are trying to choose an investment like a pair of diamond earring, on a short haircut which will highlight what you wear on your ears; keep in mind the following factors: 1. Face shape – A small face doesn’t look good in large OTT designs so go for delicate pair of earrings. If you have a round face, try to get ring shape or long chandelier shaped earrings rather than studs. If your face is on the fuller side, very delicate designs will be lost so go for designs like enamel and jadau or un cut diamonds, which will give a dimension to your face. If you have a very long face then go for mid length earrings rather than long chandelier shaped earrings. Make sure that the design is proportionate. 2. Skin tone – If you have a cool skin tone (pinkish to red) try to avoid rubies and garnets. Any red colour stone will make you look more flushed. Blue sapphires, purple amethyst will suit you better. Even emeralds will look good on you. Try to get white metal like white gold, platinum, silver, etc.  If you have a warm skin tone, then try to balance it with pearls and emeralds. Rubies will look excellent on you. Go for yellow metal. 3. Age – Very girly designs like florals, birds, stars and moons, etc. should be left for the younger women. Older women should go for either traditional or futuristic designs. 4. Type of occasion – If going to wedding or party go for heavy designs. If wearing as a day time or office wear accessory, keep it minimal. It’s a no brainer that with traditional wear, try to choose traditional designs and with western wear try to choose modern designs. All designs courtesy Zevadhi Jewels. Zevadhi looks to create a place of its own in the market for exquisite diamond and jadau pieces. Zevadhi continues the Moghul & Victorian tradition, adding the essence of modern design to a timeless art. Price range starts from 3 lac onward. Available at – Delhi: Plot no. 1 & 2, Wazirpur District Centre, Netaji Subash Place Mumbai: SP Hajare, 301, 3rd floor, Arvind Chamber, Sai Service Compound 194, Western Express Highway, Near Natraj Studio, Andheri East Contact – +91 98997 36983 For further information log onto www.zevadhijewels.com.   Ace bridal couture designer Monica Shah and Karishma Swali of Jade have come out with a new line of bridal wear that showcases unique western styling in its gowns, dresses, and cocktail saris. They are also coming up with M&K Bridal Studio which aims to answer all the queries of a would-be bride. So brides in Mumbai, go to Jade by Monica and Karishma for the magical ensemble for your special day. The Bridal Season of 2013-14, expects to see themes such as Warm Metallics and Reinterpretation. The Metal Series introduces the warmth of deep metallic tones married with colour to create a unique three-dimensional effect. Lacquered metals in shades such as coral create a beautiful landscape. The collection boasts of stunning interwoven metals for a structured and regal look. A modern-day twist to traditional Indian wear is the idea behind this new bridal line. It uses mesmerizing patterns and intricate artistry to create a style statement.  This season, Jade is also reimagining old favourites. Versatile gota patti has been recreated, with a strong focus on its texture to highlight ensembles. Married to lace, the result is dreamy and romantic – everything a bride aspires for! You can also see the creation of structured embossed motifs against strong colour backgrounds. You will also find designs in pop colour. Figure enhancing silhouettes coupled by traditional Indian hand-woven embroidery make this collection versatile in every way. The designs are chic and elegant, and lend sophistication with a hint of romance.  The Jade store succeeds at creating a realm of style and elegance, owing to the chic interiors of the store that is further enhanced with the Collections on display. The sense of luxury and style flows from the décor to the collections and vice-versa.  Visit the store at: JADE, 6A Sukhshanti, Pedder Road, Mumbai 400026. India. Tel: + 91.22.23533635, Cell: +91.9833002000, email: jade@jadecouture.com   Ace bridal couture designer Monica Shah and Karishma Swali of Jade have come out with a new line of bridal wear that showcases unique western styling in its gowns, dresses, and cocktail saris. They are also coming up with M&K Bridal Studio which aims to answer all the queries of a would-be bride. So brides in Mumbai, go to Jade by Monica and Karishma for the magical ensemble for your special day. The Bridal Season of 2013-14, expects to see themes such as Warm Metallics and Reinterpretation. The Metal Series introduces the warmth of deep metallic tones married with colour to create a unique three-dimensional effect. Lacquered metals in shades such as coral create a beautiful landscape. The collection boasts of stunning interwoven metals for a structured and regal look. A modern-day twist to traditional Indian wear is the idea behind this new bridal line. It uses mesmerizing patterns and intricate artistry to create a style statement.  This season, Jade is also reimagining old favourites. Versatile gota patti has been recreated, with a strong focus on its texture to highlight ensembles. Married to lace, the result is dreamy and romantic – everything a bride aspires for! You can also see the creation of structured embossed motifs against strong colour backgrounds. You will also find designs in pop colour. Figure enhancing silhouettes coupled by traditional Indian hand-woven embroidery make this collection versatile in every way. The designs are chic and elegant, and lend sophistication with a hint of romance.  The Jade store succeeds at creating a realm of style and elegance, owing to the chic interiors of the store that is further enhanced with the Collections on display. The sense of luxury and style flows from the décor to the collections and vice-versa.  Visit the store at: JADE, 6A Sukhshanti, Pedder Road, Mumbai 400026. India. Tel: + 91.22.23533635, Cell: +91.9833002000, email: jade@jadecouture.com   Ace bridal couture designer Monica Shah and Karishma Swali of Jade have come out with a new line of bridal wear that showcases unique western styling in its gowns, dresses, and cocktail saris. They are also coming up with M&K Bridal Studio which aims to answer all the queries of a would-be bride. So brides in Mumbai, go to Jade by Monica and Karishma for the magical ensemble for your special day. The Bridal Season of 2013-14, expects to see themes such as Warm Metallics and Reinterpretation. The Metal Series introduces the warmth of deep metallic tones married with colour to create a unique three-dimensional effect. Lacquered metals in shades such as coral create a beautiful landscape. The collection boasts of stunning interwoven metals for a structured and regal look. A modern-day twist to traditional Indian wear is the idea behind this new bridal line. It uses mesmerizing patterns and intricate artistry to create a style statement.  This season, Jade is also reimagining old favourites. Versatile gota patti has been recreated, with a strong focus on its texture to highlight ensembles. Married to lace, the result is dreamy and romantic – everything a bride aspires for! You can also see the creation of structured embossed motifs against strong colour backgrounds. You will also find designs in pop colour. Figure enhancing silhouettes coupled by traditional Indian hand-woven embroidery make this collection versatile in every way. The designs are chic and elegant, and lend sophistication with a hint of romance.  The Jade store succeeds at creating a realm of style and elegance, owing to the chic interiors of the store that is further enhanced with the Collections on display. The sense of luxury and style flows from the décor to the collections and vice-versa.  Visit the store at: JADE, 6A Sukhshanti, Pedder Road, Mumbai 400026. India. Tel: + 91.22.23533635, Cell: +91.9833002000, email: jade@jadecouture.com   Ace bridal couture designer Monica Shah and Karishma Swali of Jade have come out with a new line of bridal wear that showcases unique western styling in its gowns, dresses, and cocktail saris. They are also coming up with M&K Bridal Studio which aims to answer all the queries of a would-be bride. So brides in Mumbai, go to Jade by Monica and Karishma for the magical ensemble for your special day. The Bridal Season of 2013-14, expects to see themes such as Warm Metallics and Reinterpretation. The Metal Series introduces the warmth of deep metallic tones married with colour to create a unique three-dimensional effect. Lacquered metals in shades such as coral create a beautiful landscape. The collection boasts of stunning interwoven metals for a structured and regal look. A modern-day twist to traditional Indian wear is the idea behind this new bridal line. It uses mesmerizing patterns and intricate artistry to create a style statement.  This season, Jade is also reimagining old favourites. Versatile gota patti has been recreated, with a strong focus on its texture to highlight ensembles. Married to lace, the result is dreamy and romantic – everything a bride aspires for! You can also see the creation of structured embossed motifs against strong colour backgrounds. You will also find designs in pop colour. Figure enhancing silhouettes coupled by traditional Indian hand-woven embroidery make this collection versatile in every way. The designs are chic and elegant, and lend sophistication with a hint of romance.  The Jade store succeeds at creating a realm of style and elegance, owing to the chic interiors of the store that is further enhanced with the Collections on display. The sense of luxury and style flows from the décor to the collections and vice-versa.  Visit the store at: JADE, 6A Sukhshanti, Pedder Road, Mumbai 400026. India. Tel: + 91.22.23533635, Cell: +91.9833002000, email: jade@jadecouture.com   Jewellery designer Alpana Gujral will showcase her latest collection ‘The Golden 20’s’ at her Lajpat Nagar, Delhi, showroom on 16th and 17th September. To see Alpana Gujral jewellery collection, you can visit her showroom.  She has used intricate vintage designs on oxidized gold along with deft use of pearls, emeralds, rubies, enamel and diamonds. She has taken inspiration from the majestic grandeur of the Mughal Era, yet keeping in mind the modern day styles. Her collection includes both light weight and heavy jewellery. The designs have been crafted for both Indian and western ensembles; for day wear and evening wear.  Daughter of famous artist Satish Gujral, Alpana has creativity in her blood. And when you see her designs, it becomes so evident. Alpana’s discerning aesthetic values in patterns, forms and lines are because of her artistic upbringing. “The embodiment of affluence lies in quality not in flash”, says Alpana. Her designs spell class. They are simple yet elegant. They are intricate, subdued, yet beautiful.  Alpana started as an interior designer with special focus on furniture design, but today with sheer hardwork and uniqueness she has made her mark as a jewellery designer. But how did she transition from one art to another. She says, “Creativity knows no bounds. It is fluid. It is seamless. It has the intensity to flow from one realm to another with innate ease. I have always been interested in creating new stuff and looking beyond the predictable. In fact, for years I had been designing and making jewellery for the family and for close friends. So if you take that into account, my foray into jewellery designing isn’t new; it’s just that now I have been focusing more on it. Now there’s market for it. Most jewellery outlets provide traditional sort of jewellery and people have had enough of it.”  Alpana’s unconventional style is evident in her jewellery design as well.  The theme of the 20’s collection is yin and yang; to get the opposites together. The opposite components have been meticulously composed to come together in harmony.  Be it rings, chandelier earrings, bracelets; you will see a harmony of elements. You can visit her exhibition on 16th and 17th September at: 16 Feroze Gandhi Road, Lajpat Nagar – 3, New Delhi For more information, contact – 09810043776 Jewellery designer Alpana Gujral will showcase her latest collection ‘The Golden 20’s’ at her Lajpat Nagar, Delhi, showroom on 16th and 17th September. To see Alpana Gujral jewellery collection, you can visit her showroom.  She has used intricate vintage designs on oxidized gold along with deft use of pearls, emeralds, rubies, enamel and diamonds. She has taken inspiration from the majestic grandeur of the Mughal Era, yet keeping in mind the modern day styles. Her collection includes both light weight and heavy jewellery. The designs have been crafted for both Indian and western ensembles; for day wear and evening wear.  Daughter of famous artist Satish Gujral, Alpana has creativity in her blood. And when you see her designs, it becomes so evident. Alpana’s discerning aesthetic values in patterns, forms and lines are because of her artistic upbringing. “The embodiment of affluence lies in quality not in flash”, says Alpana. Her designs spell class. They are simple yet elegant. They are intricate, subdued, yet beautiful.  Alpana started as an interior designer with special focus on furniture design, but today with sheer hardwork and uniqueness she has made her mark as a jewellery designer. But how did she transition from one art to another. She says, “Creativity knows no bounds. It is fluid. It is seamless. It has the intensity to flow from one realm to another with innate ease. I have always been interested in creating new stuff and looking beyond the predictable. In fact, for years I had been designing and making jewellery for the family and for close friends. So if you take that into account, my foray into jewellery designing isn’t new; it’s just that now I have been focusing more on it. Now there’s market for it. Most jewellery outlets provide traditional sort of jewellery and people have had enough of it.”  Alpana’s unconventional style is evident in her jewellery design as well.  The theme of the 20’s collection is yin and yang; to get the opposites together. The opposite components have been meticulously composed to come together in harmony.  Be it rings, chandelier earrings, bracelets; you will see a harmony of elements. You can visit her exhibition on 16th and 17th September at: 16 Feroze Gandhi Road, Lajpat Nagar – 3, New Delhi For more information, contact – 09810043776 Jewellery designer Alpana Gujral will showcase her latest collection ‘The Golden 20’s’ at her Lajpat Nagar, Delhi, showroom on 16th and 17th September. To see Alpana Gujral jewellery collection, you can visit her showroom.  She has used intricate vintage designs on oxidized gold along with deft use of pearls, emeralds, rubies, enamel and diamonds. She has taken inspiration from the majestic grandeur of the Mughal Era, yet keeping in mind the modern day styles. Her collection includes both light weight and heavy jewellery. The designs have been crafted for both Indian and western ensembles; for day wear and evening wear.  Daughter of famous artist Satish Gujral, Alpana has creativity in her blood. And when you see her designs, it becomes so evident. Alpana’s discerning aesthetic values in patterns, forms and lines are because of her artistic upbringing. “The embodiment of affluence lies in quality not in flash”, says Alpana. Her designs spell class. They are simple yet elegant. They are intricate, subdued, yet beautiful.  Alpana started as an interior designer with special focus on furniture design, but today with sheer hardwork and uniqueness she has made her mark as a jewellery designer. But how did she transition from one art to another. She says, “Creativity knows no bounds. It is fluid. It is seamless. It has the intensity to flow from one realm to another with innate ease. I have always been interested in creating new stuff and looking beyond the predictable. In fact, for years I had been designing and making jewellery for the family and for close friends. So if you take that into account, my foray into jewellery designing isn’t new; it’s just that now I have been focusing more on it. Now there’s market for it. Most jewellery outlets provide traditional sort of jewellery and people have had enough of it.”  Alpana’s unconventional style is evident in her jewellery design as well.  The theme of the 20’s collection is yin and yang; to get the opposites together. The opposite components have been meticulously composed to come together in harmony.  Be it rings, chandelier earrings, bracelets; you will see a harmony of elements. You can visit her exhibition on 16th and 17th September at: 16 Feroze Gandhi Road, Lajpat Nagar – 3, New Delhi For more information, contact – 09810043776 Jewellery designer Alpana Gujral will showcase her latest collection ‘The Golden 20’s’ at her Lajpat Nagar, Delhi, showroom on 16th and 17th September. To see Alpana Gujral jewellery collection, you can visit her showroom.  She has used intricate vintage designs on oxidized gold along with deft use of pearls, emeralds, rubies, enamel and diamonds. She has taken inspiration from the majestic grandeur of the Mughal Era, yet keeping in mind the modern day styles. Her collection includes both light weight and heavy jewellery. The designs have been crafted for both Indian and western ensembles; for day wear and evening wear.  Daughter of famous artist Satish Gujral, Alpana has creativity in her blood. And when you see her designs, it becomes so evident. Alpana’s discerning aesthetic values in patterns, forms and lines are because of her artistic upbringing. “The embodiment of affluence lies in quality not in flash”, says Alpana. Her designs spell class. They are simple yet elegant. They are intricate, subdued, yet beautiful.  Alpana started as an interior designer with special focus on furniture design, but today with sheer hardwork and uniqueness she has made her mark as a jewellery designer. But how did she transition from one art to another. She says, “Creativity knows no bounds. It is fluid. It is seamless. It has the intensity to flow from one realm to another with innate ease. I have always been interested in creating new stuff and looking beyond the predictable. In fact, for years I had been designing and making jewellery for the family and for close friends. So if you take that into account, my foray into jewellery designing isn’t new; it’s just that now I have been focusing more on it. Now there’s market for it. Most jewellery outlets provide traditional sort of jewellery and people have had enough of it.”  Alpana’s unconventional style is evident in her jewellery design as well.  The theme of the 20’s collection is yin and yang; to get the opposites together. The opposite components have been meticulously composed to come together in harmony.  Be it rings, chandelier earrings, bracelets; you will see a harmony of elements. You can visit her exhibition on 16th and 17th September at: 16 Feroze Gandhi Road, Lajpat Nagar – 3, New Delhi For more information, contact – 09810043776 The glittery saga of IIJW 2013, Mumbai edition, came to an end on August 10. Most celebrated brands of the jewellery industry participated at IIJW, displaying their best of creations which bedazzled every one. The venue was Hotel Grand Hyatt Ballroom. Sonam Kapoor, brand ambassador of India International Jewellery Week was present on the ramp to add the glamour quotient. The models walked the ramp on the beats of Bollywood numbers sung by Shalmali Kholgade. JJ Valya, the celebrated designer was present at the event to coordinate the fashion show. There were many other celebrities who walked the ramp like Chitrangada Singh, Madhur Bhandarkar, Juhi Chawla, etc. Bridal glamour was the flavor of the season where polki, kundan and gold jewellery encrusted with diamonds, rubies, emeralds and pearls were put on the show. Here is a glimpse of IIJW 2013.    Sonam Kapoor looked like a diva and Chitrangada Singh left viewers asking for more. Sonam Kapoor wore traditional jewellery encrusted with uncut diamonds and pearls, while Chitrangada donned another versatile piece of jadau jewellery which was going well with her western ensemble. Juhi Chawla represented the tradional house of mangalsutras. The show also witnessed many new and upcoming talents. These jewellery designers were sponsored by well-known companies. This was the fourth edition of IIJW in Mumbai and it has already established itself as one of the most sought after events of the year for the gems and jewellery fraternity.   The glittery saga of IIJW 2013, Mumbai edition, came to an end on August 10. Most celebrated brands of the jewellery industry participated at IIJW, displaying their best of creations which bedazzled every one. The venue was Hotel Grand Hyatt Ballroom. Sonam Kapoor, brand ambassador of India International Jewellery Week was present on the ramp to add the glamour quotient. The models walked the ramp on the beats of Bollywood numbers sung by Shalmali Kholgade. JJ Valya, the celebrated designer was present at the event to coordinate the fashion show. There were many other celebrities who walked the ramp like Chitrangada Singh, Madhur Bhandarkar, Juhi Chawla, etc. Bridal glamour was the flavor of the season where polki, kundan and gold jewellery encrusted with diamonds, rubies, emeralds and pearls were put on the show. Here is a glimpse of IIJW 2013.    Sonam Kapoor looked like a diva and Chitrangada Singh left viewers asking for more. Sonam Kapoor wore traditional jewellery encrusted with uncut diamonds and pearls, while Chitrangada donned another versatile piece of jadau jewellery which was going well with her western ensemble. Juhi Chawla represented the tradional house of mangalsutras. The show also witnessed many new and upcoming talents. These jewellery designers were sponsored by well-known companies. This was the fourth edition of IIJW in Mumbai and it has already established itself as one of the most sought after events of the year for the gems and jewellery fraternity.   The glittery saga of IIJW 2013, Mumbai edition, came to an end on August 10. Most celebrated brands of the jewellery industry participated at IIJW, displaying their best of creations which bedazzled every one. The venue was Hotel Grand Hyatt Ballroom. Sonam Kapoor, brand ambassador of India International Jewellery Week was present on the ramp to add the glamour quotient. The models walked the ramp on the beats of Bollywood numbers sung by Shalmali Kholgade. JJ Valya, the celebrated designer was present at the event to coordinate the fashion show. There were many other celebrities who walked the ramp like Chitrangada Singh, Madhur Bhandarkar, Juhi Chawla, etc. Bridal glamour was the flavor of the season where polki, kundan and gold jewellery encrusted with diamonds, rubies, emeralds and pearls were put on the show. Here is a glimpse of IIJW 2013.    Sonam Kapoor looked like a diva and Chitrangada Singh left viewers asking for more. Sonam Kapoor wore traditional jewellery encrusted with uncut diamonds and pearls, while Chitrangada donned another versatile piece of jadau jewellery which was going well with her western ensemble. Juhi Chawla represented the tradional house of mangalsutras. The show also witnessed many new and upcoming talents. These jewellery designers were sponsored by well-known companies. This was the fourth edition of IIJW in Mumbai and it has already established itself as one of the most sought after events of the year for the gems and jewellery fraternity.   The glittery saga of IIJW 2013, Mumbai edition, came to an end on August 10. Most celebrated brands of the jewellery industry participated at IIJW, displaying their best of creations which bedazzled every one. The venue was Hotel Grand Hyatt Ballroom. Sonam Kapoor, brand ambassador of India International Jewellery Week was present on the ramp to add the glamour quotient. The models walked the ramp on the beats of Bollywood numbers sung by Shalmali Kholgade. JJ Valya, the celebrated designer was present at the event to coordinate the fashion show. There were many other celebrities who walked the ramp like Chitrangada Singh, Madhur Bhandarkar, Juhi Chawla, etc. Bridal glamour was the flavor of the season where polki, kundan and gold jewellery encrusted with diamonds, rubies, emeralds and pearls were put on the show. Here is a glimpse of IIJW 2013.    Sonam Kapoor looked like a diva and Chitrangada Singh left viewers asking for more. Sonam Kapoor wore traditional jewellery encrusted with uncut diamonds and pearls, while Chitrangada donned another versatile piece of jadau jewellery which was going well with her western ensemble. Juhi Chawla represented the tradional house of mangalsutras. The show also witnessed many new and upcoming talents. These jewellery designers were sponsored by well-known companies. This was the fourth edition of IIJW in Mumbai and it has already established itself as one of the most sought after events of the year for the gems and jewellery fraternity.   Veranda Grand Baie Hotel & Spa might be a 3 star hotel but the property is beautiful and complete in Itself. The location is brilliant and the facilities are no less than a five star. I felt that it was pleasant in every way. Especially, I loved their Seven Colours Spa, which was a relaxing and an invigorating experience. It is located next to the hotel. It can be visited by the main road as well as through an inside passage joining the two properties. The spa in veranda grand baie hotel & spa is open from morning 9 am to evening 8 pm. Services are available only through prior reservation. It is open for anybody above 16 years of age. They have a special kids spa programme as well. (Kids need spas…????) Its a non-smoking area. All in all, the entrance is beautifully decorated and the reception area is kept perfumed with exotic oils. Seven Colours spa at veranda grand baie hotel & spa treatments are inspired by the wisdom of ancient natural healing techniques. Benefits of botanical, aromatherapy and energetic pressure application are applied to create harmony for an individual’s mind and body. The services provided by the spa includes, facials, mini facials, hena application, body treatments and wraps, manicure, pedicure, nail art, etc. I went to the spa as per my appointment and was greeted by the hostess. She explained me the procedure and asked me to change into the spa dress. She gave me a refreshing drink and asked me to relax for 20-30 minutes at the spa Jacuzzi. I decided to get an Aqua massage. After 30 minutes, the attendant guided me to the treatment room which was kept ready for the service. The technician explained me the entire process and how it will help me to feel relaxed. It was for half an hour but the spray like jets of water massaged my skin thoroughly giving it an instant glow and hydration. The treatment room was warm and inviting, incensed and dimly lit, perfect for rejuvenation of mind and body. I came out all refreshed. It was priced at Rs 900 Mauritian rupee. After the treatment, I requested them to give me a tour of the spa, which they readily obliged. I saw couple treatment rooms and other treatment rooms which were located upstairs near to the changing room. All I could think was OH just missed out on this relaxing rendezvous. I also wanted to try their signature hot stone massage for 90 minutes which was priced at Rs 2700. Unfortunately, didn’t have enough time at hand. If you ask my verdict, I would say take out time for it. How often do you get pampered at an exotic locale? For more information, please visit the hotel and spa link at http://www.veranda-resorts.com/hotel-mauritius/grand-baie/seven-colours-spa.html   Veranda Grand Baie Hotel & Spa might be a 3 star hotel but the property is beautiful and complete in Itself. The location is brilliant and the facilities are no less than a five star. I felt that it was pleasant in every way. Especially, I loved their Seven Colours Spa, which was a relaxing and an invigorating experience. It is located next to the hotel. It can be visited by the main road as well as through an inside passage joining the two properties. The spa in veranda grand baie hotel & spa is open from morning 9 am to evening 8 pm. Services are available only through prior reservation. It is open for anybody above 16 years of age. They have a special kids spa programme as well. (Kids need spas…????) Its a non-smoking area. All in all, the entrance is beautifully decorated and the reception area is kept perfumed with exotic oils. Seven Colours spa at veranda grand baie hotel & spa treatments are inspired by the wisdom of ancient natural healing techniques. Benefits of botanical, aromatherapy and energetic pressure application are applied to create harmony for an individual’s mind and body. The services provided by the spa includes, facials, mini facials, hena application, body treatments and wraps, manicure, pedicure, nail art, etc. I went to the spa as per my appointment and was greeted by the hostess. She explained me the procedure and asked me to change into the spa dress. She gave me a refreshing drink and asked me to relax for 20-30 minutes at the spa Jacuzzi. I decided to get an Aqua massage. After 30 minutes, the attendant guided me to the treatment room which was kept ready for the service. The technician explained me the entire process and how it will help me to feel relaxed. It was for half an hour but the spray like jets of water massaged my skin thoroughly giving it an instant glow and hydration. The treatment room was warm and inviting, incensed and dimly lit, perfect for rejuvenation of mind and body. I came out all refreshed. It was priced at Rs 900 Mauritian rupee. After the treatment, I requested them to give me a tour of the spa, which they readily obliged. I saw couple treatment rooms and other treatment rooms which were located upstairs near to the changing room. All I could think was OH just missed out on this relaxing rendezvous. I also wanted to try their signature hot stone massage for 90 minutes which was priced at Rs 2700. Unfortunately, didn’t have enough time at hand. If you ask my verdict, I would say take out time for it. How often do you get pampered at an exotic locale? For more information, please visit the hotel and spa link at http://www.veranda-resorts.com/hotel-mauritius/grand-baie/seven-colours-spa.html   Veranda Grand Baie Hotel & Spa might be a 3 star hotel but the property is beautiful and complete in Itself. The location is brilliant and the facilities are no less than a five star. I felt that it was pleasant in every way. Especially, I loved their Seven Colours Spa, which was a relaxing and an invigorating experience. It is located next to the hotel. It can be visited by the main road as well as through an inside passage joining the two properties. The spa in veranda grand baie hotel & spa is open from morning 9 am to evening 8 pm. Services are available only through prior reservation. It is open for anybody above 16 years of age. They have a special kids spa programme as well. (Kids need spas…????) Its a non-smoking area. All in all, the entrance is beautifully decorated and the reception area is kept perfumed with exotic oils. Seven Colours spa at veranda grand baie hotel & spa treatments are inspired by the wisdom of ancient natural healing techniques. Benefits of botanical, aromatherapy and energetic pressure application are applied to create harmony for an individual’s mind and body. The services provided by the spa includes, facials, mini facials, hena application, body treatments and wraps, manicure, pedicure, nail art, etc. I went to the spa as per my appointment and was greeted by the hostess. She explained me the procedure and asked me to change into the spa dress. She gave me a refreshing drink and asked me to relax for 20-30 minutes at the spa Jacuzzi. I decided to get an Aqua massage. After 30 minutes, the attendant guided me to the treatment room which was kept ready for the service. The technician explained me the entire process and how it will help me to feel relaxed. It was for half an hour but the spray like jets of water massaged my skin thoroughly giving it an instant glow and hydration. The treatment room was warm and inviting, incensed and dimly lit, perfect for rejuvenation of mind and body. I came out all refreshed. It was priced at Rs 900 Mauritian rupee. After the treatment, I requested them to give me a tour of the spa, which they readily obliged. I saw couple treatment rooms and other treatment rooms which were located upstairs near to the changing room. All I could think was OH just missed out on this relaxing rendezvous. I also wanted to try their signature hot stone massage for 90 minutes which was priced at Rs 2700. Unfortunately, didn’t have enough time at hand. If you ask my verdict, I would say take out time for it. How often do you get pampered at an exotic locale? For more information, please visit the hotel and spa link at http://www.veranda-resorts.com/hotel-mauritius/grand-baie/seven-colours-spa.html   Veranda Grand Baie Hotel & Spa might be a 3 star hotel but the property is beautiful and complete in Itself. The location is brilliant and the facilities are no less than a five star. I felt that it was pleasant in every way. Especially, I loved their Seven Colours Spa, which was a relaxing and an invigorating experience. It is located next to the hotel. It can be visited by the main road as well as through an inside passage joining the two properties. The spa in veranda grand baie hotel & spa is open from morning 9 am to evening 8 pm. Services are available only through prior reservation. It is open for anybody above 16 years of age. They have a special kids spa programme as well. (Kids need spas…????) Its a non-smoking area. All in all, the entrance is beautifully decorated and the reception area is kept perfumed with exotic oils. Seven Colours spa at veranda grand baie hotel & spa treatments are inspired by the wisdom of ancient natural healing techniques. Benefits of botanical, aromatherapy and energetic pressure application are applied to create harmony for an individual’s mind and body. The services provided by the spa includes, facials, mini facials, hena application, body treatments and wraps, manicure, pedicure, nail art, etc. I went to the spa as per my appointment and was greeted by the hostess. She explained me the procedure and asked me to change into the spa dress. She gave me a refreshing drink and asked me to relax for 20-30 minutes at the spa Jacuzzi. I decided to get an Aqua massage. After 30 minutes, the attendant guided me to the treatment room which was kept ready for the service. The technician explained me the entire process and how it will help me to feel relaxed. It was for half an hour but the spray like jets of water massaged my skin thoroughly giving it an instant glow and hydration. The treatment room was warm and inviting, incensed and dimly lit, perfect for rejuvenation of mind and body. I came out all refreshed. It was priced at Rs 900 Mauritian rupee. After the treatment, I requested them to give me a tour of the spa, which they readily obliged. I saw couple treatment rooms and other treatment rooms which were located upstairs near to the changing room. All I could think was OH just missed out on this relaxing rendezvous. I also wanted to try their signature hot stone massage for 90 minutes which was priced at Rs 2700. Unfortunately, didn’t have enough time at hand. If you ask my verdict, I would say take out time for it. How often do you get pampered at an exotic locale? For more information, please visit the hotel and spa link at http://www.veranda-resorts.com/hotel-mauritius/grand-baie/seven-colours-spa.html   Sushmita Sen scorched the ramp yesterday for Charu Jewels at IIJW’13. And was she a head turner with her impeccable mannerisms, charm and presence? Indeed, she was a stunner. Her ensemble, jewellery, make-up, everything complimented her gorgeous persona. At 37, she can put many a new actresses to shame with her beauty and grace. She drew a lot of flak in the past for her sudden weight gain and the link-ups which were never established. People started speculating that motherhood (2 adopted daughters Renee and Alisah) must have taken its toll on this tall and dusky beauty. People started speculating about her marriage. But she put all these rumors behind as she announced her comeback to the tinsel town yesterday. She said that she took a sabbatical to take care of her baby Alisah and has been preparing for a comeback. Though, she didn’t take any names and asked to wait for the producers to announce about her project. She has always been a non-conformist. Any other actress would have jumped to declare about her comeback project but she decided otherwise. As I discuss her non-conformist trait, how can I not talk about the adoptions she made at the young age of 24. She made adoptions at a time when being a single mum was an alien idea in India. She adopted Renee, a girl child, at 24 when other women are just dreaming about their knight in the shining armour. She adopted Alisah three years back. She dotes on her daughters Renee (11) and Alisah (3). She is a hands down mum when at home with her children and tells them that they may not be born from her womb but are born from her heart.  She started her career at the age of 18 when girls are still discussing college admissions. She believes in all the religions. She is as firm in her hindu belief of Ma Durga, as she is comfortable taking her children to a church or celebrating Eid with her family. Her favourite phrase happens to be ‘Insha allah’, which many staunch hindu believers frown upon. (She is a Bengali hindu by birth). She dated men who have been younger to her or older to her but who could stay put with her intelligence and grace. Recently, a friend commented that Aishwarya Rai became a star, a wife and a mother, why couldn’t Sushmita do it? Again, a comparison which they both cannot escape, being contemporaries! To which, I said, may be the men get intimidated with her towering personality. Indian men never like their wife to be at the helm of affairs. And Sushmita is never politically correct; she says what she believes in. She does what seems right, maybe which is outright eccentric. She chose movies in her initial days which appealed to her senses and not to her bank balance. As her father has served Indian Air Force at a much senior position and her mother happens to be a jewellery designer, she had enough to fall back upon. Moreover, Indians prefer a fair-skin light-eyed actress over a dark, tall and unconventional beauty, a bias which is deep-rooted in their minds and our society in general. Has she looked any less beautiful? No, she has looked ethereal in ‘Main Hoon Na’ in a sexy-saari clad – school teacher avatar, or as gypsy queen dancing to the tunes of ‘Mehboob Mere’ in Fiza or as a negative lead in Biwi no 1. I cannot forget her portrayal of a dedicated IPS officer in Samay where I saw her play tough on the goons as well as soft for her child. She has a good comic timing which was evident in ‘Kyunki Main Jhooth Nahin Bolta’, ‘Maine Pyar Kyon Kiya’, ‘Do not Disturb’ and the latest ‘No Problem’. Now, she grooms contestants for ‘Miss Universe’ title through ‘I Am She’ a company she visualized and formed in the recent past. Being India’s first Miss Universe has given her the required edge and appeal to choose the right candidates who can represent India in the international arena. I wish her all the best for her venture and the coming release in the future. She might not be the reigning queen of Bollywood but she definitely rules many a hearts. Sushmita Sen scorched the ramp yesterday for Charu Jewels at IIJW’13. And was she a head turner with her impeccable mannerisms, charm and presence? Indeed, she was a stunner. Her ensemble, jewellery, make-up, everything complimented her gorgeous persona. At 37, she can put many a new actresses to shame with her beauty and grace. She drew a lot of flak in the past for her sudden weight gain and the link-ups which were never established. People started speculating that motherhood (2 adopted daughters Renee and Alisah) must have taken its toll on this tall and dusky beauty. People started speculating about her marriage. But she put all these rumors behind as she announced her comeback to the tinsel town yesterday. She said that she took a sabbatical to take care of her baby Alisah and has been preparing for a comeback. Though, she didn’t take any names and asked to wait for the producers to announce about her project. She has always been a non-conformist. Any other actress would have jumped to declare about her comeback project but she decided otherwise. As I discuss her non-conformist trait, how can I not talk about the adoptions she made at the young age of 24. She made adoptions at a time when being a single mum was an alien idea in India. She adopted Renee, a girl child, at 24 when other women are just dreaming about their knight in the shining armour. She adopted Alisah three years back. She dotes on her daughters Renee (11) and Alisah (3). She is a hands down mum when at home with her children and tells them that they may not be born from her womb but are born from her heart.  She started her career at the age of 18 when girls are still discussing college admissions. She believes in all the religions. She is as firm in her hindu belief of Ma Durga, as she is comfortable taking her children to a church or celebrating Eid with her family. Her favourite phrase happens to be ‘Insha allah’, which many staunch hindu believers frown upon. (She is a Bengali hindu by birth). She dated men who have been younger to her or older to her but who could stay put with her intelligence and grace. Recently, a friend commented that Aishwarya Rai became a star, a wife and a mother, why couldn’t Sushmita do it? Again, a comparison which they both cannot escape, being contemporaries! To which, I said, may be the men get intimidated with her towering personality. Indian men never like their wife to be at the helm of affairs. And Sushmita is never politically correct; she says what she believes in. She does what seems right, maybe which is outright eccentric. She chose movies in her initial days which appealed to her senses and not to her bank balance. As her father has served Indian Air Force at a much senior position and her mother happens to be a jewellery designer, she had enough to fall back upon. Moreover, Indians prefer a fair-skin light-eyed actress over a dark, tall and unconventional beauty, a bias which is deep-rooted in their minds and our society in general. Has she looked any less beautiful? No, she has looked ethereal in ‘Main Hoon Na’ in a sexy-saari clad – school teacher avatar, or as gypsy queen dancing to the tunes of ‘Mehboob Mere’ in Fiza or as a negative lead in Biwi no 1. I cannot forget her portrayal of a dedicated IPS officer in Samay where I saw her play tough on the goons as well as soft for her child. She has a good comic timing which was evident in ‘Kyunki Main Jhooth Nahin Bolta’, ‘Maine Pyar Kyon Kiya’, ‘Do not Disturb’ and the latest ‘No Problem’. Now, she grooms contestants for ‘Miss Universe’ title through ‘I Am She’ a company she visualized and formed in the recent past. Being India’s first Miss Universe has given her the required edge and appeal to choose the right candidates who can represent India in the international arena. I wish her all the best for her venture and the coming release in the future. She might not be the reigning queen of Bollywood but she definitely rules many a hearts. Sushmita Sen scorched the ramp yesterday for Charu Jewels at IIJW’13. And was she a head turner with her impeccable mannerisms, charm and presence? Indeed, she was a stunner. Her ensemble, jewellery, make-up, everything complimented her gorgeous persona. At 37, she can put many a new actresses to shame with her beauty and grace. She drew a lot of flak in the past for her sudden weight gain and the link-ups which were never established. People started speculating that motherhood (2 adopted daughters Renee and Alisah) must have taken its toll on this tall and dusky beauty. People started speculating about her marriage. But she put all these rumors behind as she announced her comeback to the tinsel town yesterday. She said that she took a sabbatical to take care of her baby Alisah and has been preparing for a comeback. Though, she didn’t take any names and asked to wait for the producers to announce about her project. She has always been a non-conformist. Any other actress would have jumped to declare about her comeback project but she decided otherwise. As I discuss her non-conformist trait, how can I not talk about the adoptions she made at the young age of 24. She made adoptions at a time when being a single mum was an alien idea in India. She adopted Renee, a girl child, at 24 when other women are just dreaming about their knight in the shining armour. She adopted Alisah three years back. She dotes on her daughters Renee (11) and Alisah (3). She is a hands down mum when at home with her children and tells them that they may not be born from her womb but are born from her heart.  She started her career at the age of 18 when girls are still discussing college admissions. She believes in all the religions. She is as firm in her hindu belief of Ma Durga, as she is comfortable taking her children to a church or celebrating Eid with her family. Her favourite phrase happens to be ‘Insha allah’, which many staunch hindu believers frown upon. (She is a Bengali hindu by birth). She dated men who have been younger to her or older to her but who could stay put with her intelligence and grace. Recently, a friend commented that Aishwarya Rai became a star, a wife and a mother, why couldn’t Sushmita do it? Again, a comparison which they both cannot escape, being contemporaries! To which, I said, may be the men get intimidated with her towering personality. Indian men never like their wife to be at the helm of affairs. And Sushmita is never politically correct; she says what she believes in. She does what seems right, maybe which is outright eccentric. She chose movies in her initial days which appealed to her senses and not to her bank balance. As her father has served Indian Air Force at a much senior position and her mother happens to be a jewellery designer, she had enough to fall back upon. Moreover, Indians prefer a fair-skin light-eyed actress over a dark, tall and unconventional beauty, a bias which is deep-rooted in their minds and our society in general. Has she looked any less beautiful? No, she has looked ethereal in ‘Main Hoon Na’ in a sexy-saari clad – school teacher avatar, or as gypsy queen dancing to the tunes of ‘Mehboob Mere’ in Fiza or as a negative lead in Biwi no 1. I cannot forget her portrayal of a dedicated IPS officer in Samay where I saw her play tough on the goons as well as soft for her child. She has a good comic timing which was evident in ‘Kyunki Main Jhooth Nahin Bolta’, ‘Maine Pyar Kyon Kiya’, ‘Do not Disturb’ and the latest ‘No Problem’. Now, she grooms contestants for ‘Miss Universe’ title through ‘I Am She’ a company she visualized and formed in the recent past. Being India’s first Miss Universe has given her the required edge and appeal to choose the right candidates who can represent India in the international arena. I wish her all the best for her venture and the coming release in the future. She might not be the reigning queen of Bollywood but she definitely rules many a hearts. Sushmita Sen scorched the ramp yesterday for Charu Jewels at IIJW’13. And was she a head turner with her impeccable mannerisms, charm and presence? Indeed, she was a stunner. Her ensemble, jewellery, make-up, everything complimented her gorgeous persona. At 37, she can put many a new actresses to shame with her beauty and grace. She drew a lot of flak in the past for her sudden weight gain and the link-ups which were never established. People started speculating that motherhood (2 adopted daughters Renee and Alisah) must have taken its toll on this tall and dusky beauty. People started speculating about her marriage. But she put all these rumors behind as she announced her comeback to the tinsel town yesterday. She said that she took a sabbatical to take care of her baby Alisah and has been preparing for a comeback. Though, she didn’t take any names and asked to wait for the producers to announce about her project. She has always been a non-conformist. Any other actress would have jumped to declare about her comeback project but she decided otherwise. As I discuss her non-conformist trait, how can I not talk about the adoptions she made at the young age of 24. She made adoptions at a time when being a single mum was an alien idea in India. She adopted Renee, a girl child, at 24 when other women are just dreaming about their knight in the shining armour. She adopted Alisah three years back. She dotes on her daughters Renee (11) and Alisah (3). She is a hands down mum when at home with her children and tells them that they may not be born from her womb but are born from her heart.  She started her career at the age of 18 when girls are still discussing college admissions. She believes in all the religions. She is as firm in her hindu belief of Ma Durga, as she is comfortable taking her children to a church or celebrating Eid with her family. Her favourite phrase happens to be ‘Insha allah’, which many staunch hindu believers frown upon. (She is a Bengali hindu by birth). She dated men who have been younger to her or older to her but who could stay put with her intelligence and grace. Recently, a friend commented that Aishwarya Rai became a star, a wife and a mother, why couldn’t Sushmita do it? Again, a comparison which they both cannot escape, being contemporaries! To which, I said, may be the men get intimidated with her towering personality. Indian men never like their wife to be at the helm of affairs. And Sushmita is never politically correct; she says what she believes in. She does what seems right, maybe which is outright eccentric. She chose movies in her initial days which appealed to her senses and not to her bank balance. As her father has served Indian Air Force at a much senior position and her mother happens to be a jewellery designer, she had enough to fall back upon. Moreover, Indians prefer a fair-skin light-eyed actress over a dark, tall and unconventional beauty, a bias which is deep-rooted in their minds and our society in general. Has she looked any less beautiful? No, she has looked ethereal in ‘Main Hoon Na’ in a sexy-saari clad – school teacher avatar, or as gypsy queen dancing to the tunes of ‘Mehboob Mere’ in Fiza or as a negative lead in Biwi no 1. I cannot forget her portrayal of a dedicated IPS officer in Samay where I saw her play tough on the goons as well as soft for her child. She has a good comic timing which was evident in ‘Kyunki Main Jhooth Nahin Bolta’, ‘Maine Pyar Kyon Kiya’, ‘Do not Disturb’ and the latest ‘No Problem’. Now, she grooms contestants for ‘Miss Universe’ title through ‘I Am She’ a company she visualized and formed in the recent past. Being India’s first Miss Universe has given her the required edge and appeal to choose the right candidates who can represent India in the international arena. I wish her all the best for her venture and the coming release in the future. She might not be the reigning queen of Bollywood but she definitely rules many a hearts.  How often do you wish that someone would guide you if you should choose the shades of red or brown hair colour for your precious mane? You do not wish to commit a mistake of colouring your hair in the wrong shade and then repent. If you do commit a mistake of colouring hair in the wrong shade then you might have to colour your hair in quick succession with another colour to correct the look. This might also damage the hair texture. So let our experts guide you in your choice of hair colour in either red or brown. The belief: Shades of brown are better for Indian skin tone. The facts: A few years back only shades of brown and natural black were available in the market when it came to hair dyes and colours. People opted for henna to dye their grey hair. But with gradual exposure to products available in the international market and the introduction of various international brands in the Indian market, now we have a lot more options available for colouring hair. With the recent trends in fashion, a rainbow of colours have been introduced by different brands. Few opt for streaks and many for global colouring. People are ready to experiment with their hair colour by applying shades of blonde and platinum colours as well. But the favourite remains browns and reds. Let us find out which is better for Indian skin tone. Berzin Irani, renowned independent make up artist suggests: Shades of brown are better for Indian skin. Most of the Indians have a wheatish to dusky skin tone. Brown colour goes with any skin tone. Shades of red usually look good with lighter or pale skin tone. ………………………………………………………………………………………… Shirin Merchant, owner of Kut and Make salon, Mumbai suggests: Red and Brown both look good on Indian skin. But dusky skin can carry off red very well. Mahagony, Auburn, Deep red, there are many shades available in the market which look good on both wheatish and duskier skin. The verdict: Our experts have different opinions regarding the hair colour in red and brown. Indian skin tone can carry off both red and brown shades with elan. Just choose the shades wisely. Make sure that if you are too dusky do not go for very light brown and if you are too pale or fair, do not go for the darkest brown. Hair colour should be chosen keeping in mind your original hair. The hair colour should be only three shades lighter or darker than the original hair colour.  How often do you wish that someone would guide you if you should choose the shades of red or brown hair colour for your precious mane? You do not wish to commit a mistake of colouring your hair in the wrong shade and then repent. If you do commit a mistake of colouring hair in the wrong shade then you might have to colour your hair in quick succession with another colour to correct the look. This might also damage the hair texture. So let our experts guide you in your choice of hair colour in either red or brown. The belief: Shades of brown are better for Indian skin tone. The facts: A few years back only shades of brown and natural black were available in the market when it came to hair dyes and colours. People opted for henna to dye their grey hair. But with gradual exposure to products available in the international market and the introduction of various international brands in the Indian market, now we have a lot more options available for colouring hair. With the recent trends in fashion, a rainbow of colours have been introduced by different brands. Few opt for streaks and many for global colouring. People are ready to experiment with their hair colour by applying shades of blonde and platinum colours as well. But the favourite remains browns and reds. Let us find out which is better for Indian skin tone. Berzin Irani, renowned independent make up artist suggests: Shades of brown are better for Indian skin. Most of the Indians have a wheatish to dusky skin tone. Brown colour goes with any skin tone. Shades of red usually look good with lighter or pale skin tone. ………………………………………………………………………………………… Shirin Merchant, owner of Kut and Make salon, Mumbai suggests: Red and Brown both look good on Indian skin. But dusky skin can carry off red very well. Mahagony, Auburn, Deep red, there are many shades available in the market which look good on both wheatish and duskier skin. The verdict: Our experts have different opinions regarding the hair colour in red and brown. Indian skin tone can carry off both red and brown shades with elan. Just choose the shades wisely. Make sure that if you are too dusky do not go for very light brown and if you are too pale or fair, do not go for the darkest brown. Hair colour should be chosen keeping in mind your original hair. The hair colour should be only three shades lighter or darker than the original hair colour.