 NUMÉRO: Olivier, what convinced you do this collaboration with Cara Delevingne and Puma?  Olivier Rousteing: To be honest, I didn’t really need convincing. It was perfectly obvious to me. I have always loved Puma and the world they have built and Cara is my great friend so it just made total sense to do it. Of course, Cara and I have always talked and we’ve spoken about what we believe in.   Who’s idea was it to do the collaboration? Olivier Rousteing: It was Cara’s idea. She's got the balls!   Cara Delevingne: It was Puma’s idea to do a collaboration with me and someone else. To me designing a collection seems amazing and crazy and I knew I needed to work with someone I feel comfortable with. And someone who is incredibly talented and clever, and who can obviously do everything I can’t. Which is most things when it comes to designing!   How did you work on the collection? Olivier Rousteing: Cara had the vision and I was the one to build her vision. I really want to mention the fact that as a designer, I’m also the art director of my designs but with this collaboration, she's been the art director too. She also has a clear vision of fashion and of her generation. She has a very creative mind.   Cara Delevingne : It would have been a complete waste of time if Olivier and I hadn’t worked together, it would have been just another collection. I just can’t even imagine that happening, in any way. We wanted to do something different, something we’ve never seen before. It’s not a massive collection, it’s a small one, but this was the opportunity to do something small with a massive idea behind it.    What's the idea behind the collection and what does Balmain bring to it? Balmain's clothes are meant for a woman who is going to stand for what she believes in. It would be a shame to work with Olivier and a brand like Balmain and not show what they represent in terms of strong, independent and free-thinking women.   What is your favourite piece? Cara Delevingne: I like the reversible jacket, because the black and white side is Olivier... Olivier Rousteing : and the red and blue is Cara !         In an ideal world, Alexander McQueen would still be in his studio, imagining ever more extravagant dresses and ever more spectacular runway shows. Sadly, that world doesn’t exist as the enfant terrible of fashion died on February 11th 2010.    A year before his passing, the British designer created the costumes for a spectacle that blurred the boundaries between theatre, dance and martial arts: Eonnagata. Created in Canada by British choreographer Russell Maliphant, French prima ballerina Sylvie Guillem and Canadian director Robert Lepage, the piece revisits the myth of the Chevalier d'Éon, the French author, diplomat and spy who navigated his way through life as an early proponent of gender fluidity.     In an ideal world, Alexander McQueen would still be in his studio, imagining ever more extravagant dresses and ever more spectacular runway shows. Sadly, that world doesn’t exist as the enfant terrible of fashion died on February 11th 2010.    A year before his passing, the British designer created the costumes for a spectacle that blurred the boundaries between theatre, dance and martial arts: Eonnagata. Created in Canada by British choreographer Russell Maliphant, French prima ballerina Sylvie Guillem and Canadian director Robert Lepage, the piece revisits the myth of the Chevalier d'Éon, the French author, diplomat and spy who navigated his way through life as an early proponent of gender fluidity.   Eonnagata, a mysterious piece    For Eonnagata, the only show for which he was costumier, McQueen designed transparent kimonos whose rigid crinoline structure was covered with organza. For an hour and a half, the costumes would transforms the dancers into veritable Japanese samurais. First shown in Canada in 2009, Eonnagata toured the world the following year (Lyon, New York, Toronto, Paris, Barcelona and Tokyo) after McQueen had already taken his own life.   Returning to the most impressive collaborations between ballet and fashion, the Couturiers de la danse exhibition will not be showing any of McQueens kimono’s for Eonnagata. Philippe Noisette, curator of the exhibition, threw himself into finding the outfits imagined by the English prodigy, but to his great surprise, all of the kimonos had disappeared. Only Sylvie Guillem had kept hers, but it was too damaged to exhibit.   Discover the contents of December - January 2020’s Numéro :   A portrait of Emmanuelle Seigner, the actress starring in An Officer and a Spy directed by her husband Roman Polanski, an encounter with Djebril Zonga, the ex-footballer stealing the limelight in Les Misérables by Ladj Ly, an interview with Guillaume Henry, artistic director at the house of Patou, carte blanche given to the artist Takashi Murakami on show at Perrotin, Dior in front of Peter Lindberg’s camera in a beautiful new book, the secrets of the painter and sculptor Miquel Barceló, a close-up on the exhibition Cartier, Crystallization of Time in Tokyo, the fantastical (and futuristic) sculptures of Marguerite Humeau, an exclusive portfolio by photographer Maxime Passadore and fashion shoots by Sebastian Kim, Rory Payne, Cameron McCool, Sonia Szóstak and Camille Vivier.   Discover the Numéro “Astral” edition of Decembre - June 2012, available on news stands and on iPad from November 29, 2019.       → Subscribe to Numéro magazine    → Subscribe to the iPad Numéro application   From New York to Beijing, Zoe Turner is travelling the world to present her very first collection for the house of St. John. With just 20 looks, she, who has already worked for Alberta Ferretti and Max Mara before taking over direction of knitwear creations in the Dior haute couture collections, is bringing this label founded by Robert and Marie Gray in the 1960s back from the ashes: “Thrust to the forefront of the scene in the 1970s and 80s, then gradually forgotten over the following decades, the aim today is to bring it back to life,” explains Zoe Turner.    Ultimately it was the iconic pieces originally imagined by Marie Gray at St. John that Zoe Turner has chosen to reinterpret, including the famous belted black woollen dress, the knitted jacket and the delicate lavallière blouse in silk. Fusing the former codes of St. John with her own inspirations, she has introduced animal prints and maxi gold details, sensual lacing and sculptural volumes, fluid and minimalist streetwear while the sublime fabrics become even more sophisticated.    The stand-out piece of the collection? The “Ottoman” dress, inspired by a piece designed 40 years ago with a plunging neckline, belt and with an openwork skirt. A subtle blend of grace and sensuality.   www.stjohnknits.com/ztcapsule When his life was cut short on a July day in 1997, Gianni Versace was a couturier globally known for his glamourous, sexy and highly-colourful aesthetic. His pure bling creations, embellished with gold Medusa heads, felt like a nod to Italian opulence and wealth. But throughout his career, the Calabrese couturier had also shone in the ballet world: he designed costumes and stage sets for shows by the biggest choreographers.   Right from the start, Gianni Versace was passionate about dance. After founding his house in 1978, he worked for La Scala, Italy’s great opera house. At this high institution of Italian culture, Gianni Versace created costumes for historical ballets: the dancers wore heavy clothes, pieces in the style of antiquity or inspired by the 18th century. Their creation was a genuine challenge because he was moving away from his usual technique of draping fabrics directly onto the models. When his life was cut short on a July day in 1997, Gianni Versace was a couturier globally known for his glamourous, sexy and highly-colourful aesthetic. His pure bling creations, embellished with gold Medusa heads, felt like a nod to Italian opulence and wealth. But throughout his career, the Calabrese couturier had also shone in the ballet world: he designed costumes and stage sets for shows by the biggest choreographers.   Right from the start, Gianni Versace was passionate about dance. After founding his house in 1978, he worked for La Scala, Italy’s great opera house. At this high institution of Italian culture, Gianni Versace created costumes for historical ballets: the dancers wore heavy clothes, pieces in the style of antiquity or inspired by the 18th century. Their creation was a genuine challenge because he was moving away from his usual technique of draping fabrics directly onto the models. Versace and Béjart, an historic partnership   Gianni Versace was nearly 40 when he collaborated for the first time with Maurice Béjart. In 1984, the Italian designer knocked on the door of the choreographer who had introduced modern dance to France ten years previously. Together they imaged a first ballet: Dionysus. To dress the dancers in this mythological piece, Gianni Versace imagined baggy red trousers leaving them free to express themselves. Simply draped over the legs of the dancers – swelling out over the thighs and fitted on the calves – Versace’s pieces were astounding in their very sobriety. Accustomed to drawing inspiration from the legends of Ancient Greece for his flashy creations, Versace revisited the legend of the god of wine and excess in a most understated and minimalist manner.   Reinforced by this first collaboration, the Béjart-Versace duo came together for several more ballets: from Malraux ou la métamorphose des dieux (1986), to Chéreau-Mishima-Peron (1988) and Pyramide (1990), 12 of choreographer’s works were dressed by the Italian couturier. Their last masterpiece took place a year before Versace was killed: Le Presbytère n’a rien perdu de son charme, ni le jardin de son éclat was first presented in Lausanne in 1996. A truly scenic performance, the piece was taken up again later at the Théâtre de Chaillot where the dancers were accompanied by Elton John and the English rock band Queen. When his life was cut short on a July day in 1997, Gianni Versace was a couturier globally known for his glamourous, sexy and highly-colourful aesthetic. His pure bling creations, embellished with gold Medusa heads, felt like a nod to Italian opulence and wealth. But throughout his career, the Calabrese couturier had also shone in the ballet world: he designed costumes and stage sets for shows by the biggest choreographers.   Right from the start, Gianni Versace was passionate about dance. After founding his house in 1978, he worked for La Scala, Italy’s great opera house. At this high institution of Italian culture, Gianni Versace created costumes for historical ballets: the dancers wore heavy clothes, pieces in the style of antiquity or inspired by the 18th century. Their creation was a genuine challenge because he was moving away from his usual technique of draping fabrics directly onto the models. Versace and Béjart, an historic partnership   Gianni Versace was nearly 40 when he collaborated for the first time with Maurice Béjart. In 1984, the Italian designer knocked on the door of the choreographer who had introduced modern dance to France ten years previously. Together they imaged a first ballet: Dionysus. To dress the dancers in this mythological piece, Gianni Versace imagined baggy red trousers leaving them free to express themselves. Simply draped over the legs of the dancers – swelling out over the thighs and fitted on the calves – Versace’s pieces were astounding in their very sobriety. Accustomed to drawing inspiration from the legends of Ancient Greece for his flashy creations, Versace revisited the legend of the god of wine and excess in a most understated and minimalist manner.   Reinforced by this first collaboration, the Béjart-Versace duo came together for several more ballets: from Malraux ou la métamorphose des dieux (1986), to Chéreau-Mishima-Peron (1988) and Pyramide (1990), 12 of choreographer’s works were dressed by the Italian couturier. Their last masterpiece took place a year before Versace was killed: Le Presbytère n’a rien perdu de son charme, ni le jardin de son éclat was first presented in Lausanne in 1996. A truly scenic performance, the piece was taken up again later at the Théâtre de Chaillot where the dancers were accompanied by Elton John and the English rock band Queen. In 1991, AIDS took its toll. That year the illness carried away the young and fabulous frontman of Queen, Freddie Mercury as well as Jorge Donn, the legendary dancer in the Béjart company. Sounding very much like a tribute to these two artists who had passed away at the age of 45, Le Presbytère n’a rien perdu de son charme, ni le jardin de son éclat was according to Maurice Béjart, “a ballet about people who die too young”. This time, Gianni Versace worked almost entirely in white, with hints of black and red, the colour of blood.   The costumes for this “rock ballet” resonate like an echo of Queen’s music: the dancers wear leather biker jackets, capes and coloured tights. For Maurice Béjart, this tribute show is also a ‘gift ‘to those two artists: a pretext to come together, to talk and to share. Le Presbytère n’a rien perdu de son charme, ni le jardin de son éclat was a chance for the show to go on.        In the contents of October 2019’s “Fashion”:   An exclusive portfolio pays tribute to the photographer Peter Lindbergh, a portrait of Mati Diop, darling of the Cannes Film Festival, the confessions of Juliette Binoche, the art director of Balmain, Olivier Rousteing, heroes of the documentary Wonder Boy, an encounter with Delphine Arnault and a portrait of the winners of the 6th LVMH prize, an electric face-to-face between JoeyStarr and Béatrice Dalle starring in the stage play Elephant Man, the latest full-length feature film by Céline Sciamma, Portrait of a Lady on Fire, the American painter Louis Fratino, the masterpieces at PAD London, a portrait of the rapper Swae Lee, the rising star of American hip-hop, the volcanic pop of Charli XCX, the canvases of the artist Louise Sartor, invited to the Medici Villa, the grandiose architecture of Naturalis in Holland, home to the most complete T-Rex in the world and fashion shoots by Jean-Baptiste Mondino, Cameron McCool, Txema Yeste, Kacper Kasprzyk, Spela Lenarcic, Valentin B. Giacobetti and Sofia Sanchez & Mauro Mongiello.     → Subscribe to Numéro magazine    → Subscribe to the iPad Numéro application     In the contents of September 2019’s “Paris”:   The secrets of actress Isabelle Huppert, currently starring in the film Frankie by Ira Sachs, a tell-all interview with photographer Jean-Baptiste Mondino, discover the new Parisian music scene with pop by Marie-Flore and rap by S.Pri Noir, an encounter with the Chinese painter Xinyi Cheng, the contemporary works on show at the Domaine des Étangs, a portrait of American choreographer Trajal Harrell, the inauguration of MOCO in Montpellier by the curator Nicolas Bourriaud, our opinion on Une fille facile, the latest full-length feature by Rebecca Zlotowski with Zahia Dehar, the city of Paris as seen by the architects Rem Koolhaas, Tadao Ando and Jean Nouvel, a portfolio by Tadzio on the Opéra Bastille, the secrets of Swiss visual artist Nicolas Party, the reopening of the restaurant Lapérouse in the 6th arrondissement in Paris and fashion shoots by Peter Lindbergh, Katja Mayer, Marco van Rijt, David Black, Cameron McCool, Billy Kidd and Pamela Hanson.   Discover September 2019’s “Paris” numéro, available on news-stands and the iPad from September 23rd 2019.       → Subscribe to Numéro magazine    → Subscribe to the iPad Numéro application   In the Earfquake music video released this year, we saw The Creator in a kitsch turquoise suit and a blonde “bowl cut” wig screwed on the head. Keeping this watered down palette, Tyler, the Creator - founder of his Golf le Fleur* label in 2016 - is launching 16 pieces inspired by the tennis wardrobe of the 1980s in collaboration with the French maison Lacoste: polo shirts, jackets, vests and bobs with aquamarine, mascarpone beige and powder pink color-blocks. A capsule collection that takes us for a summer into the enchanted world of Tyler, The Creator’s Californian tennis and where the iconic crocodile is seen here devouring a poppy.    Earlier this year, Lacoste already unveiled a collaboration inspired by the 1980s by featuring the famous colourful characters of New York designer, painter and sculptor Keith Haring. Previously, the streetwear label Supreme, the graphic design duo M/M and the embroidery maison Lesage also reinterpreted Lacoste’s chic sportswear. These eclectic and seductive collaborations allow the French label to reinterpret its heritage with great creativity.   Available from July 17 on lacoste.com   Steven Alexis and Moriba-Maurice Koné are representative of a new face of France, a country that enjoys fabulous multicultural riches, even if sometimes, bogged down as it can be in archaic hierarchies, it has difficulty recognizing and owning that fact. The pair’s origins – Caribbean for Steven, Malian for Moriba-Maurice – played a definite role in the development of their personal values, and though they’re never alluded to in a literal way in their collections, they provided them with a tool for looking beyond the mainstream, affording them a different viewpoint on the world. “We’ve known about upcycling since we were children,” explains Moriba-Maurice. “It’s a certain idea of the value of sharing. In our families, we wore the clothes that our elder brothers had worn, then they were passed on to other members of the family. When I met Steven and we founded our brand together, he was already buying very few clothes. At that time I was buying more, but it was because I was sending them back to my family in Mali.”   In 2015, Steven, the creative allrounder trained in architecture and graphic design, and Moriba-Maurice, who graduated from the Institut français de la mode (IFM), and is also a renowned DJ and producer on the Paris scene, created Applecore, their streetwear brand which is conceived as a vector of strong values, first among which is respect for people and for the planet. Among their natural preoccupations, producing locally in limited quantities and eco-responsible materials is high up on the list. Last April, Steven took part as a speaker in the Big Blue Project, an annual conference that aims to raise awareness in the fashion industry with respect to new eco-responsible practices. His talk was about the advantages of blockchain, a new production system that “allows total traceability for a garment, a bit like the registration document of a car. This complex system is radically different from the way things are currently done, and also contributes to equitable revenues for small producers, helping, for example, to increase the spending power of an eco-cotton producer in Mali. It’s an idea founded in sharing and decentralization, and it’s so much more human.” Steven Alexis and Moriba-Maurice Koné are representative of a new face of France, a country that enjoys fabulous multicultural riches, even if sometimes, bogged down as it can be in archaic hierarchies, it has difficulty recognizing and owning that fact. The pair’s origins – Caribbean for Steven, Malian for Moriba-Maurice – played a definite role in the development of their personal values, and though they’re never alluded to in a literal way in their collections, they provided them with a tool for looking beyond the mainstream, affording them a different viewpoint on the world. “We’ve known about upcycling since we were children,” explains Moriba-Maurice. “It’s a certain idea of the value of sharing. In our families, we wore the clothes that our elder brothers had worn, then they were passed on to other members of the family. When I met Steven and we founded our brand together, he was already buying very few clothes. At that time I was buying more, but it was because I was sending them back to my family in Mali.”   In 2015, Steven, the creative allrounder trained in architecture and graphic design, and Moriba-Maurice, who graduated from the Institut français de la mode (IFM), and is also a renowned DJ and producer on the Paris scene, created Applecore, their streetwear brand which is conceived as a vector of strong values, first among which is respect for people and for the planet. Among their natural preoccupations, producing locally in limited quantities and eco-responsible materials is high up on the list. Last April, Steven took part as a speaker in the Big Blue Project, an annual conference that aims to raise awareness in the fashion industry with respect to new eco-responsible practices. His talk was about the advantages of blockchain, a new production system that “allows total traceability for a garment, a bit like the registration document of a car. This complex system is radically different from the way things are currently done, and also contributes to equitable revenues for small producers, helping, for example, to increase the spending power of an eco-cotton producer in Mali. It’s an idea founded in sharing and decentralization, and it’s so much more human.” In fashion collections that draw, on the one hand, from functional design and, on the other, from street and hip-hop culture, Applecore also apply themselves to transmitting the messages of a new generation that finds solidarity in its concern for ethics and respect for all. The collection entitled Identity, for example, dealt with issues of self questioning and construction – by analysing their own trajectory, Steven and Moriba-Maurice invited others to do the same. “A brand is an ecosystem,” continues Steven. “There are people behind it all. And what we want to do is incite people to think globally about what they buy. For us, liking an Applecore garment also means being able to defend and give reasons for that choice, not only with respect to aesthetic criteria.” The duo plan to develop their vision of functional design by taking ever more care over the details of their pieces, all the while continuing to combine ethics and beauty in collections that evoke the big social questions of the world we live in today.   www.applecoreweb.com Fashion and textiles have surrounded her since her childhood, and yet Bethany Williams long shied away from a career as a designer. “I was too conscious of the quantity of waste and pollution created by the textile industry,” explains the young British creator. So she first tried her hand at fine art, before giving in to her love of clothes by showing her first collection as part of her art practice. This led inevitably to the London College of Fashion, where her 2016 diploma collection was much remarked upon in the British and international press. It sent out a powerful statement and, inspired by the philosopher Jacques Rancière, sought to promote societal change through fashion.   As developed in this first collection, Williams’s system of production combines recycling and social aid: to help fight hunger in the U.K., Williams invented an exchange circuit between the Vauxhall Foodbank and the supermarket chain Tesco, swapping fresh fruit and vegetables for unsold stocks of clothing. And it was with these garments that Williams made her first collection, in 100 % recycled fabric. “Afterwards, I also made new materials by working with all the waste from a social rehabilitation centre that produces wine, cheese, textiles and even electrical goods,” she explains. “I work on each collection in partnership with a charity, to which I give 20% of the profits.”   “The big difference with previous generations, who swore only by constant growth, is that I really don’t see the need to increase my production volume.”   Williams’s unique approach, which combines social conscience with respect for the environment, impressed the jury of the LVMH prize, which has chosen her as one of the eight 2019 finalists. No doubt the jury asked her the bottom-line question: how do you create a viable business model on the basis of collections that are 100% handmade by craftsmen in entirely recycled materials without the imperative to turn a profit getting in the way of your convictions? “I already have a large number of sales points, so my model has proved its viability,” continues Williams. “The big difference with previous generations, who swore only by constant growth, is that I really don’t see the need to increase my production volume. There are other ways of generating profit, without necessarily making more pieces.”   In this one sentence, Williams crystallizes the whole spirit of a new generation of designers who refuse to be seduced by the archetypes and stereotypes of social success, preferring not to sell their souls so as to keep as close as possible to their deepest convictions. “It is indeed partly a generational way of thinking,” she agrees. “And for a good reason: fast fashion has only existed for about 20 years or so – my mother’s generation and my grandmother’s were not born with this tentacular system of rapid production which has caused so much damage to the planet. For me, it’s impossible to create fashion without thinking about the effects of production: there absolutely has to be a second level. Beyond aesthetics, you have to do something good for people and the environment. Moreover, if I win the LVMH prize, I’ll found my own factory in England with a training programme to create jobs.”   www.bethany-williams.com Confronted with an emergency or a crisis, human beings often react by examining their consciences, reconsidering their choices and values. Since the question of resources consumption naturally leads to that of their production, the current climate crisis throws a raw light on how the definition of value (economic, cultural, moral) was long the monopoly of imperialist Western powers. In the same way, the appearance in the fashion landscape of voices from countries that were long (and are often still) kept in a subordinate position brings into question that which we assume as obvious and take for granted.   For Nigerian designer Kenneth Izé, luxury isn’t necessarily what we suppose it is. “I think supporting artisanship, Nigerian or other, is in a sense one of the existing definitions of luxury,” he explains. “I believe that luxury thus has a foundational relation to certain ethical and sustainable principles and practices. So I think it’s our practice that could qualify us as an aspirational luxury brand, at least under such a definition of luxury. It is perhaps that the qualification has been too simply adjudicated to any company whose model was based merely on the conspicuous consumption of rare and expensive goods, diluting the meaning of it.” Confronted with an emergency or a crisis, human beings often react by examining their consciences, reconsidering their choices and values. Since the question of resources consumption naturally leads to that of their production, the current climate crisis throws a raw light on how the definition of value (economic, cultural, moral) was long the monopoly of imperialist Western powers. In the same way, the appearance in the fashion landscape of voices from countries that were long (and are often still) kept in a subordinate position brings into question that which we assume as obvious and take for granted.   For Nigerian designer Kenneth Izé, luxury isn’t necessarily what we suppose it is. “I think supporting artisanship, Nigerian or other, is in a sense one of the existing definitions of luxury,” he explains. “I believe that luxury thus has a foundational relation to certain ethical and sustainable principles and practices. So I think it’s our practice that could qualify us as an aspirational luxury brand, at least under such a definition of luxury. It is perhaps that the qualification has been too simply adjudicated to any company whose model was based merely on the conspicuous consumption of rare and expensive goods, diluting the meaning of it.” Having grown up in both Nigeria and Austria, Izé learned his references and constructed his point of view through this dual heritage. He studied at the applied-arts university in Vienna, under the combined aegis of Hussein Chalayan and Bernard Willhelm: to his first aesthetic emotions, linked in particular to the gestures of his elegant mother who would drape herself in colourful scarves, Izé added a solid apprenticeship of couture techniques and fashion history. It was also during his studies that he met Axel Berner-Eyde, who is now his collection director. Before he had even completed university he was planning on founding his own label to showcase traditional Nigerian weaving techniques. “The initial idea behind the brand came during my graduation collection when I rediscovered the technique used to make the aso oke fabric. Each season we explore new ways of using the woven fabrics. This past season we introduced a pleated fabric, and we’ve also been exploring new yarns in the weaving process. We work directly with the weavers during this process to develop the colour and yarn combinations. It’s very collaborative in that we also rely on their aesthetic sensibility in arranging all the patterns. The outcome is never completely predictable, which makes for a very exciting process.”   From the studio he set up in Lagos, Nigeria’s biggest city, just three years ago, the 29-year-old has already made a name for himself on the international scene, attracting both Beyoncé and Naomi Campbell, who have publicly worn his clothes. Designated as one of the finalists in the 2019 LVMH prize, Izé hopes to win one of the awards so as to be able to develop further his ethical production which is realized in partnership with two weaving cooperatives, one in Lagos and the other in Ilorin. “We want to build out the community of weavers we work with and to create a production infrastructure in Lagos. It would be very important for us to be able both to produce the fabrics and have part of the clothing sampling and production in Nigeria. In the future, we hope to explore other artisanal techniques from the larger West African region. I think the increased exposure of Nigerian fashion and its inclusion in the broader industry will inevitably change the latter, and I’m very excited to be part of this.”   www.kennethize.net Whoever said that appearing sublime on a red carpet and making everyone swoon was incompatible with saving the planet? Certainly not Ronald van der Kemp, the Dutch designer who, since launching his label in 2014, has been dressing the Cardi Bs and Gigi Hadids of this world in clothes that are both magnificent and sustainable. Putting forward a new set of ethics for the luxury sector, van der Kemp prides himself on having created the first couture label that respects sustainable development. “The cadence of fashion has greatly increased these past few years, as we all know,” he says. “But the obligation to create ever more collections leads to overproduction, which means that, on the one had, the idea of true, exclusive luxury is lost, and on the other that you need to ask yourself what happens to all the unsold pieces.”   To resist the pressure to constantly create more, the designer first decided to give up ready-to-wear so as to concentrate on demi-couture and couture. His client? A woman who can’t afford haute couture but who will not compromise on the beauty and exclusivity of what she wears. “I make very high-quality limited editions and unique pieces that are entirely handmade in small workshops in the Netherlands.” Keeping in mind his eternal models, the great couturiers such as Yves Saint Laurent and Valentino Garavani, and the chic glamour of Emanuel Ungaro and Bill Blass, van der Kemp organizes spectacular runway shows on the fringe of the haute couture calendar in Paris, twice a year. He titles his collections with a sober “Wardrobe” followed by a number, underlining his desire to create timeless wardrobes rather than the fads of a season. Whoever said that appearing sublime on a red carpet and making everyone swoon was incompatible with saving the planet? Certainly not Ronald van der Kemp, the Dutch designer who, since launching his label in 2014, has been dressing the Cardi Bs and Gigi Hadids of this world in clothes that are both magnificent and sustainable. Putting forward a new set of ethics for the luxury sector, van der Kemp prides himself on having created the first couture label that respects sustainable development. “The cadence of fashion has greatly increased these past few years, as we all know,” he says. “But the obligation to create ever more collections leads to overproduction, which means that, on the one had, the idea of true, exclusive luxury is lost, and on the other that you need to ask yourself what happens to all the unsold pieces.”   To resist the pressure to constantly create more, the designer first decided to give up ready-to-wear so as to concentrate on demi-couture and couture. His client? A woman who can’t afford haute couture but who will not compromise on the beauty and exclusivity of what she wears. “I make very high-quality limited editions and unique pieces that are entirely handmade in small workshops in the Netherlands.” Keeping in mind his eternal models, the great couturiers such as Yves Saint Laurent and Valentino Garavani, and the chic glamour of Emanuel Ungaro and Bill Blass, van der Kemp organizes spectacular runway shows on the fringe of the haute couture calendar in Paris, twice a year. He titles his collections with a sober “Wardrobe” followed by a number, underlining his desire to create timeless wardrobes rather than the fads of a season. Without restricting themselves to one territory or imaginary, sheaths, draped column dresses, kimono dresses, pencil skirts, suits, masculine-inspired Prince of Wales trousers and even jeans revisit all the strong looks of fashion history, seeking to combine impeccable tailoring with irreproachable quality. The reason for this wide diversity is simple: in order not to pollute the planet further through overproduction, van der Kemp has recourse to recycling. “I source my materials all over the place. I contact firms to acquire their stocks of unused fabric, I also recover vintage couture fabric and industrial waste. So I work with brands from every horizon, not just fashion labels. And there are so many great materials already existing that I very rarely feel the need to produce my own fabrics. If I do, however, I always make sure it’s done ecologically.”   Good things are never accomplished without love, and van der Kemp’s preoccupation with the planet’s future is accompanied, as is the case with most designers concerned with sustainability, by a desire for ethical production methods that also respect the people involved. The craftsmen, tailors, seamstresses and embroiderers who work with him share his desire to equate beauty with ethics and to make clothes that have a soul. To take things even further, van der Kemp often employs political refugees, and he’s also worked with weaving communities in India (for a tweed made from offcuts) and a cooperative in Mali. All of which is a great way to prove that achieving a killer look needn’t involve hurting anyone.   www.ronaldvanderkemp.com A grande dame of the fashion world, famous for her designs that play with the codes of punk and Britishness, Vivienne Westwood is also renowned as a pioneer of sustainable clothing. Nine years ago she discovered James Lovelock’s Gaia hypothesis, which views the biosphere as a living being and all its inhabitants as organs of Mother Earth. Since then, Westwood has ceaselessly worked for the protection of the planet and its ecosystems, seeking to raise awareness, particularly through her digital publication, climaterevolution.co.uk.   Over time, her commitment has intensified, to the point where today she is just as well known for her historically inspired collections as for her ecological militancy. One of her bestknown slogans, “Buy less, choose well, make it last,” calls for balanced consumption, whether of fashion or any other resources. Practising what she preaches, Westwood is herself setting an example by slowly transforming her brand via the use of recycled or eco-friendly fabrics and environmentally sustainable production methods. In her collections you can therefore find organic linen and cotton being used for T-shirts, hoodies and trousers, bamboo fibre for certain shirts as well as precious colourful jacquards that were realized with cellulose acetate produced from wood fibre sourced from a programme of reforestation. Moreover, close to the charities Greenpeace and Peta, Westwood actively campaigns through action programmes, viral videos and fundraising efforts. A grande dame of the fashion world, famous for her designs that play with the codes of punk and Britishness, Vivienne Westwood is also renowned as a pioneer of sustainable clothing. Nine years ago she discovered James Lovelock’s Gaia hypothesis, which views the biosphere as a living being and all its inhabitants as organs of Mother Earth. Since then, Westwood has ceaselessly worked for the protection of the planet and its ecosystems, seeking to raise awareness, particularly through her digital publication, climaterevolution.co.uk.   Over time, her commitment has intensified, to the point where today she is just as well known for her historically inspired collections as for her ecological militancy. One of her bestknown slogans, “Buy less, choose well, make it last,” calls for balanced consumption, whether of fashion or any other resources. Practising what she preaches, Westwood is herself setting an example by slowly transforming her brand via the use of recycled or eco-friendly fabrics and environmentally sustainable production methods. In her collections you can therefore find organic linen and cotton being used for T-shirts, hoodies and trousers, bamboo fibre for certain shirts as well as precious colourful jacquards that were realized with cellulose acetate produced from wood fibre sourced from a programme of reforestation. Moreover, close to the charities Greenpeace and Peta, Westwood actively campaigns through action programmes, viral videos and fundraising efforts. In December 2018, the fashion industry at last recognized Westwood’s exceptional personal involvement and ardent combat by bestowing on her the Swarovski Award for Positive Change at the British Fashion Awards, a prize that celebrated both her iconoclastic collections and her many years of social and societal activism. And naturally she’s not sitting back on her laurels: this February, with her return to London Fashion Week, she put on a demonstration-like runway show during which questions of climate change and sustainable development rather stole the limelight from the collection (which was just as radical as always). Then, a few weeks later during International Water Day, her Paris shop hosted an event that mixed art, fashion and sustainable development, with an exhibition showing monumental aquatic canvases by César Bardoux, and the sale of a steel water bottle, created in partnership with 24Bottles, as part of the fight against plastic pollution and in favour of preservation of the Earth’s water resources. Through the diversity of her engagements, Westwood has opened the way for a new generation of designers who care just as passionately about the planet.   www.viviennewestwood.com He is one of the most important fashion designers of the modern era: for 30 years, collection after collection, Thierry Mugler deployed his avant-gardist vision of fashion. Under his impetus a new woman appeared on the runway and she was smoulderingly powerful. Reshaped at the end of the 1970s by a structured silhouette that was instantly recognisable, she had a tiny corseted waist, large shoulders, and an emphasised bust and hips. He thought he would become a ballet dancer, but the young Thierry Mugler ended up transcribing his love of the body through designing clothes. In 1973, with daring and perseverance this perfectionist created his first collection Café de Paris, and two years later organised his very first runway show in spite of minimal financial means.     With Mugler, femininity is in your face and assumed one hundred percent​     Extravagant, sexy and sometimes irreverent, “his fashion conjugates with the superlative”, writes Nathalie Bondil, director general and chief curator at the Montreal Museum of Fine Arts. “Oversized hats, neon wigs, (…), aerodynamic busts, tight-fitting dresses, gleaming corsets, cleavage, butt”, all features that define the Mugler style. With him, femininity is in your face and assumed one hundred percent: from his first total look of 1979, his pieces guided women towards an emancipation through the affirmation of an armoured body that was undeniably resistant to any social affronts. Beyond the silhouettes, his virtuosity is also illustrated by his use of unconventional materials: by adapting rubber, chrome, resin and plexiglass to the curves of a body, the designer marked a very distinct turning point in 1980s-90s fashion, which gradually became more fantasy than wearable. His keen eye fused a liberated sensitivity to the world of science fiction with pure futurism. With Mugler fashion became art. He is one of the most important fashion designers of the modern era: for 30 years, collection after collection, Thierry Mugler deployed his avant-gardist vision of fashion. Under his impetus a new woman appeared on the runway and she was smoulderingly powerful. Reshaped at the end of the 1970s by a structured silhouette that was instantly recognisable, she had a tiny corseted waist, large shoulders, and an emphasised bust and hips. He thought he would become a ballet dancer, but the young Thierry Mugler ended up transcribing his love of the body through designing clothes. In 1973, with daring and perseverance this perfectionist created his first collection Café de Paris, and two years later organised his very first runway show in spite of minimal financial means.     With Mugler, femininity is in your face and assumed one hundred percent​     Extravagant, sexy and sometimes irreverent, “his fashion conjugates with the superlative”, writes Nathalie Bondil, director general and chief curator at the Montreal Museum of Fine Arts. “Oversized hats, neon wigs, (…), aerodynamic busts, tight-fitting dresses, gleaming corsets, cleavage, butt”, all features that define the Mugler style. With him, femininity is in your face and assumed one hundred percent: from his first total look of 1979, his pieces guided women towards an emancipation through the affirmation of an armoured body that was undeniably resistant to any social affronts. Beyond the silhouettes, his virtuosity is also illustrated by his use of unconventional materials: by adapting rubber, chrome, resin and plexiglass to the curves of a body, the designer marked a very distinct turning point in 1980s-90s fashion, which gradually became more fantasy than wearable. His keen eye fused a liberated sensitivity to the world of science fiction with pure futurism. With Mugler fashion became art. And yet after two decades of prolific success, the designer bowed out in 2001, after presenting his last ready-to-wear collection. Weary of the ever increasingly frenetic pace of the fashion industry, he turned his attention to creating shows and designing stage costumes. However, his rich heritage has never stopped being revisited by designers openly claiming his influence, as well as numerous pop stars including Lady Gaga, Beyoncé and Cardi B, who still wear his outfits today. Currently being celebrated with a grand retrospective at the Montreal Museum of Fine Arts (MBAM) – accompanied by a first book published by the museum in collaboration with Phaidon – his immense oeuvre is revealed there though a judicious selection of pieces. To better understand the influence of this fashion utopist, we look back at nine of his most emblematic collections.  He is one of the most important fashion designers of the modern era: for 30 years, collection after collection, Thierry Mugler deployed his avant-gardist vision of fashion. Under his impetus a new woman appeared on the runway and she was smoulderingly powerful. Reshaped at the end of the 1970s by a structured silhouette that was instantly recognisable, she had a tiny corseted waist, large shoulders, and an emphasised bust and hips. He thought he would become a ballet dancer, but the young Thierry Mugler ended up transcribing his love of the body through designing clothes. In 1973, with daring and perseverance this perfectionist created his first collection Café de Paris, and two years later organised his very first runway show in spite of minimal financial means.     With Mugler, femininity is in your face and assumed one hundred percent​     Extravagant, sexy and sometimes irreverent, “his fashion conjugates with the superlative”, writes Nathalie Bondil, director general and chief curator at the Montreal Museum of Fine Arts. “Oversized hats, neon wigs, (…), aerodynamic busts, tight-fitting dresses, gleaming corsets, cleavage, butt”, all features that define the Mugler style. With him, femininity is in your face and assumed one hundred percent: from his first total look of 1979, his pieces guided women towards an emancipation through the affirmation of an armoured body that was undeniably resistant to any social affronts. Beyond the silhouettes, his virtuosity is also illustrated by his use of unconventional materials: by adapting rubber, chrome, resin and plexiglass to the curves of a body, the designer marked a very distinct turning point in 1980s-90s fashion, which gradually became more fantasy than wearable. His keen eye fused a liberated sensitivity to the world of science fiction with pure futurism. With Mugler fashion became art. And yet after two decades of prolific success, the designer bowed out in 2001, after presenting his last ready-to-wear collection. Weary of the ever increasingly frenetic pace of the fashion industry, he turned his attention to creating shows and designing stage costumes. However, his rich heritage has never stopped being revisited by designers openly claiming his influence, as well as numerous pop stars including Lady Gaga, Beyoncé and Cardi B, who still wear his outfits today. Currently being celebrated with a grand retrospective at the Montreal Museum of Fine Arts (MBAM) – accompanied by a first book published by the museum in collaboration with Phaidon – his immense oeuvre is revealed there though a judicious selection of pieces. To better understand the influence of this fashion utopist, we look back at nine of his most emblematic collections.  Fall-Winter 1984-1985 ready-to-wear: ​and fashion became a show   In March 1984, Thierry Mugler made a splash: to celebrate the 10th anniversary of his house, he organised the first ever runway show/performance open to the public in the West. To host this ambitious project, the designer chose the Zénith, a concert hall in the Villette neighbourhood of Paris. In full 1980s effusion, fashion came together with the theatre and music worlds more than ever before in this highly colourful production, which drew more than 6000 spectators. On the runway, 350 outfits paraded past the audience: women adorned with halos and gold wings were the angels in this collection, pushing the wonder to its paroxysm with the majestic descent of Pat Cleveland from the ceiling, a Madonna-like figure draped in celestial and starry finery. He is one of the most important fashion designers of the modern era: for 30 years, collection after collection, Thierry Mugler deployed his avant-gardist vision of fashion. Under his impetus a new woman appeared on the runway and she was smoulderingly powerful. Reshaped at the end of the 1970s by a structured silhouette that was instantly recognisable, she had a tiny corseted waist, large shoulders, and an emphasised bust and hips. He thought he would become a ballet dancer, but the young Thierry Mugler ended up transcribing his love of the body through designing clothes. In 1973, with daring and perseverance this perfectionist created his first collection Café de Paris, and two years later organised his very first runway show in spite of minimal financial means.     With Mugler, femininity is in your face and assumed one hundred percent​     Extravagant, sexy and sometimes irreverent, “his fashion conjugates with the superlative”, writes Nathalie Bondil, director general and chief curator at the Montreal Museum of Fine Arts. “Oversized hats, neon wigs, (…), aerodynamic busts, tight-fitting dresses, gleaming corsets, cleavage, butt”, all features that define the Mugler style. With him, femininity is in your face and assumed one hundred percent: from his first total look of 1979, his pieces guided women towards an emancipation through the affirmation of an armoured body that was undeniably resistant to any social affronts. Beyond the silhouettes, his virtuosity is also illustrated by his use of unconventional materials: by adapting rubber, chrome, resin and plexiglass to the curves of a body, the designer marked a very distinct turning point in 1980s-90s fashion, which gradually became more fantasy than wearable. His keen eye fused a liberated sensitivity to the world of science fiction with pure futurism. With Mugler fashion became art. And yet after two decades of prolific success, the designer bowed out in 2001, after presenting his last ready-to-wear collection. Weary of the ever increasingly frenetic pace of the fashion industry, he turned his attention to creating shows and designing stage costumes. However, his rich heritage has never stopped being revisited by designers openly claiming his influence, as well as numerous pop stars including Lady Gaga, Beyoncé and Cardi B, who still wear his outfits today. Currently being celebrated with a grand retrospective at the Montreal Museum of Fine Arts (MBAM) – accompanied by a first book published by the museum in collaboration with Phaidon – his immense oeuvre is revealed there though a judicious selection of pieces. To better understand the influence of this fashion utopist, we look back at nine of his most emblematic collections.  Fall-Winter 1984-1985 ready-to-wear: ​and fashion became a show   In March 1984, Thierry Mugler made a splash: to celebrate the 10th anniversary of his house, he organised the first ever runway show/performance open to the public in the West. To host this ambitious project, the designer chose the Zénith, a concert hall in the Villette neighbourhood of Paris. In full 1980s effusion, fashion came together with the theatre and music worlds more than ever before in this highly colourful production, which drew more than 6000 spectators. On the runway, 350 outfits paraded past the audience: women adorned with halos and gold wings were the angels in this collection, pushing the wonder to its paroxysm with the majestic descent of Pat Cleveland from the ceiling, a Madonna-like figure draped in celestial and starry finery. Spring-Summer 1989 ready-to-wear: Mugler and his mermaids   The aquatic world has always been a fertile source of inspiration for the designer. In the Les Atlantes collection, he drew inspiration from marine fauna and flora to tell the tale of an abyss peopled by mermaids. Structured suits, metallic dresses and jumpsuits followed one another in hues of white, blue and silver. The masterpieces of the collection were the shell-like bustiers in canted glass with matching accessories, made by the master-sculptor Jean-Jacques Urcun, marking the beginning of a long collaboration with the designer. He is one of the most important fashion designers of the modern era: for 30 years, collection after collection, Thierry Mugler deployed his avant-gardist vision of fashion. Under his impetus a new woman appeared on the runway and she was smoulderingly powerful. Reshaped at the end of the 1970s by a structured silhouette that was instantly recognisable, she had a tiny corseted waist, large shoulders, and an emphasised bust and hips. He thought he would become a ballet dancer, but the young Thierry Mugler ended up transcribing his love of the body through designing clothes. In 1973, with daring and perseverance this perfectionist created his first collection Café de Paris, and two years later organised his very first runway show in spite of minimal financial means.     With Mugler, femininity is in your face and assumed one hundred percent​     Extravagant, sexy and sometimes irreverent, “his fashion conjugates with the superlative”, writes Nathalie Bondil, director general and chief curator at the Montreal Museum of Fine Arts. “Oversized hats, neon wigs, (…), aerodynamic busts, tight-fitting dresses, gleaming corsets, cleavage, butt”, all features that define the Mugler style. With him, femininity is in your face and assumed one hundred percent: from his first total look of 1979, his pieces guided women towards an emancipation through the affirmation of an armoured body that was undeniably resistant to any social affronts. Beyond the silhouettes, his virtuosity is also illustrated by his use of unconventional materials: by adapting rubber, chrome, resin and plexiglass to the curves of a body, the designer marked a very distinct turning point in 1980s-90s fashion, which gradually became more fantasy than wearable. His keen eye fused a liberated sensitivity to the world of science fiction with pure futurism. With Mugler fashion became art. And yet after two decades of prolific success, the designer bowed out in 2001, after presenting his last ready-to-wear collection. Weary of the ever increasingly frenetic pace of the fashion industry, he turned his attention to creating shows and designing stage costumes. However, his rich heritage has never stopped being revisited by designers openly claiming his influence, as well as numerous pop stars including Lady Gaga, Beyoncé and Cardi B, who still wear his outfits today. Currently being celebrated with a grand retrospective at the Montreal Museum of Fine Arts (MBAM) – accompanied by a first book published by the museum in collaboration with Phaidon – his immense oeuvre is revealed there though a judicious selection of pieces. To better understand the influence of this fashion utopist, we look back at nine of his most emblematic collections.  Fall-Winter 1984-1985 ready-to-wear: ​and fashion became a show   In March 1984, Thierry Mugler made a splash: to celebrate the 10th anniversary of his house, he organised the first ever runway show/performance open to the public in the West. To host this ambitious project, the designer chose the Zénith, a concert hall in the Villette neighbourhood of Paris. In full 1980s effusion, fashion came together with the theatre and music worlds more than ever before in this highly colourful production, which drew more than 6000 spectators. On the runway, 350 outfits paraded past the audience: women adorned with halos and gold wings were the angels in this collection, pushing the wonder to its paroxysm with the majestic descent of Pat Cleveland from the ceiling, a Madonna-like figure draped in celestial and starry finery. Spring-Summer 1989 ready-to-wear: Mugler and his mermaids   The aquatic world has always been a fertile source of inspiration for the designer. In the Les Atlantes collection, he drew inspiration from marine fauna and flora to tell the tale of an abyss peopled by mermaids. Structured suits, metallic dresses and jumpsuits followed one another in hues of white, blue and silver. The masterpieces of the collection were the shell-like bustiers in canted glass with matching accessories, made by the master-sculptor Jean-Jacques Urcun, marking the beginning of a long collaboration with the designer. Fall-Winter 1989-1990 ready-to-wear: when garments meet automobile   With Thierry Mugler’s clothes regularly revealing his love for construction, it came as no surprise when his garments actually began to meld with automobiles. With the winter Buick collection, he made overt references to the American cars of the 1950s, and in particular the designs created by Harley J. Earl. Through his choice of cuts and materials, the designer attempted to capture their powerful lines where metal and reflectors meet fabric. A very literal example was the famous bodywork-bustier “roulé comme une Buick” [drive like a Buick], worn by Naomi Campbell (and made, once again, in collaboration with Jean-Jacques Urcun), illustrating the fantastical spirit of Mugler known for mixing humour and sensuality. He is one of the most important fashion designers of the modern era: for 30 years, collection after collection, Thierry Mugler deployed his avant-gardist vision of fashion. Under his impetus a new woman appeared on the runway and she was smoulderingly powerful. Reshaped at the end of the 1970s by a structured silhouette that was instantly recognisable, she had a tiny corseted waist, large shoulders, and an emphasised bust and hips. He thought he would become a ballet dancer, but the young Thierry Mugler ended up transcribing his love of the body through designing clothes. In 1973, with daring and perseverance this perfectionist created his first collection Café de Paris, and two years later organised his very first runway show in spite of minimal financial means.     With Mugler, femininity is in your face and assumed one hundred percent​     Extravagant, sexy and sometimes irreverent, “his fashion conjugates with the superlative”, writes Nathalie Bondil, director general and chief curator at the Montreal Museum of Fine Arts. “Oversized hats, neon wigs, (…), aerodynamic busts, tight-fitting dresses, gleaming corsets, cleavage, butt”, all features that define the Mugler style. With him, femininity is in your face and assumed one hundred percent: from his first total look of 1979, his pieces guided women towards an emancipation through the affirmation of an armoured body that was undeniably resistant to any social affronts. Beyond the silhouettes, his virtuosity is also illustrated by his use of unconventional materials: by adapting rubber, chrome, resin and plexiglass to the curves of a body, the designer marked a very distinct turning point in 1980s-90s fashion, which gradually became more fantasy than wearable. His keen eye fused a liberated sensitivity to the world of science fiction with pure futurism. With Mugler fashion became art. And yet after two decades of prolific success, the designer bowed out in 2001, after presenting his last ready-to-wear collection. Weary of the ever increasingly frenetic pace of the fashion industry, he turned his attention to creating shows and designing stage costumes. However, his rich heritage has never stopped being revisited by designers openly claiming his influence, as well as numerous pop stars including Lady Gaga, Beyoncé and Cardi B, who still wear his outfits today. Currently being celebrated with a grand retrospective at the Montreal Museum of Fine Arts (MBAM) – accompanied by a first book published by the museum in collaboration with Phaidon – his immense oeuvre is revealed there though a judicious selection of pieces. To better understand the influence of this fashion utopist, we look back at nine of his most emblematic collections.  Fall-Winter 1984-1985 ready-to-wear: ​and fashion became a show   In March 1984, Thierry Mugler made a splash: to celebrate the 10th anniversary of his house, he organised the first ever runway show/performance open to the public in the West. To host this ambitious project, the designer chose the Zénith, a concert hall in the Villette neighbourhood of Paris. In full 1980s effusion, fashion came together with the theatre and music worlds more than ever before in this highly colourful production, which drew more than 6000 spectators. On the runway, 350 outfits paraded past the audience: women adorned with halos and gold wings were the angels in this collection, pushing the wonder to its paroxysm with the majestic descent of Pat Cleveland from the ceiling, a Madonna-like figure draped in celestial and starry finery. Spring-Summer 1989 ready-to-wear: Mugler and his mermaids   The aquatic world has always been a fertile source of inspiration for the designer. In the Les Atlantes collection, he drew inspiration from marine fauna and flora to tell the tale of an abyss peopled by mermaids. Structured suits, metallic dresses and jumpsuits followed one another in hues of white, blue and silver. The masterpieces of the collection were the shell-like bustiers in canted glass with matching accessories, made by the master-sculptor Jean-Jacques Urcun, marking the beginning of a long collaboration with the designer. Fall-Winter 1989-1990 ready-to-wear: when garments meet automobile   With Thierry Mugler’s clothes regularly revealing his love for construction, it came as no surprise when his garments actually began to meld with automobiles. With the winter Buick collection, he made overt references to the American cars of the 1950s, and in particular the designs created by Harley J. Earl. Through his choice of cuts and materials, the designer attempted to capture their powerful lines where metal and reflectors meet fabric. A very literal example was the famous bodywork-bustier “roulé comme une Buick” [drive like a Buick], worn by Naomi Campbell (and made, once again, in collaboration with Jean-Jacques Urcun), illustrating the fantastical spirit of Mugler known for mixing humour and sensuality. Spring-Summer 1992 ready-to-wear: leather and rubber with the Cowboys   Two years after cars, it was the Far West cavaliers that inspired the designer. For his Cowboys collection, he sent an army of bikers down the runway all dressed in leather, from a corseted biker jacket with fringes to thigh boots attached to the waist -  20 years before those imagined by Vetements with Manolo Blahnik. As well as leather, cowhide and cowboy hats, Thierry Mugler also explored a material that hadn’t until then been much exploited in luxury ready-to-wear: rubber. One of the most memorable pieces of the collection remains his “Harley Davidson” bustier complete with handlebars and wing mirrors, a nod to the earlier bodywork-bustier of 1989. This piece would become famous thanks to George Michael’s “Too Funky” music video made by Mugler himself from images of his runway show. He is one of the most important fashion designers of the modern era: for 30 years, collection after collection, Thierry Mugler deployed his avant-gardist vision of fashion. Under his impetus a new woman appeared on the runway and she was smoulderingly powerful. Reshaped at the end of the 1970s by a structured silhouette that was instantly recognisable, she had a tiny corseted waist, large shoulders, and an emphasised bust and hips. He thought he would become a ballet dancer, but the young Thierry Mugler ended up transcribing his love of the body through designing clothes. In 1973, with daring and perseverance this perfectionist created his first collection Café de Paris, and two years later organised his very first runway show in spite of minimal financial means.     With Mugler, femininity is in your face and assumed one hundred percent​     Extravagant, sexy and sometimes irreverent, “his fashion conjugates with the superlative”, writes Nathalie Bondil, director general and chief curator at the Montreal Museum of Fine Arts. “Oversized hats, neon wigs, (…), aerodynamic busts, tight-fitting dresses, gleaming corsets, cleavage, butt”, all features that define the Mugler style. With him, femininity is in your face and assumed one hundred percent: from his first total look of 1979, his pieces guided women towards an emancipation through the affirmation of an armoured body that was undeniably resistant to any social affronts. Beyond the silhouettes, his virtuosity is also illustrated by his use of unconventional materials: by adapting rubber, chrome, resin and plexiglass to the curves of a body, the designer marked a very distinct turning point in 1980s-90s fashion, which gradually became more fantasy than wearable. His keen eye fused a liberated sensitivity to the world of science fiction with pure futurism. With Mugler fashion became art. And yet after two decades of prolific success, the designer bowed out in 2001, after presenting his last ready-to-wear collection. Weary of the ever increasingly frenetic pace of the fashion industry, he turned his attention to creating shows and designing stage costumes. However, his rich heritage has never stopped being revisited by designers openly claiming his influence, as well as numerous pop stars including Lady Gaga, Beyoncé and Cardi B, who still wear his outfits today. Currently being celebrated with a grand retrospective at the Montreal Museum of Fine Arts (MBAM) – accompanied by a first book published by the museum in collaboration with Phaidon – his immense oeuvre is revealed there though a judicious selection of pieces. To better understand the influence of this fashion utopist, we look back at nine of his most emblematic collections.  Fall-Winter 1984-1985 ready-to-wear: ​and fashion became a show   In March 1984, Thierry Mugler made a splash: to celebrate the 10th anniversary of his house, he organised the first ever runway show/performance open to the public in the West. To host this ambitious project, the designer chose the Zénith, a concert hall in the Villette neighbourhood of Paris. In full 1980s effusion, fashion came together with the theatre and music worlds more than ever before in this highly colourful production, which drew more than 6000 spectators. On the runway, 350 outfits paraded past the audience: women adorned with halos and gold wings were the angels in this collection, pushing the wonder to its paroxysm with the majestic descent of Pat Cleveland from the ceiling, a Madonna-like figure draped in celestial and starry finery. Spring-Summer 1989 ready-to-wear: Mugler and his mermaids   The aquatic world has always been a fertile source of inspiration for the designer. In the Les Atlantes collection, he drew inspiration from marine fauna and flora to tell the tale of an abyss peopled by mermaids. Structured suits, metallic dresses and jumpsuits followed one another in hues of white, blue and silver. The masterpieces of the collection were the shell-like bustiers in canted glass with matching accessories, made by the master-sculptor Jean-Jacques Urcun, marking the beginning of a long collaboration with the designer. Fall-Winter 1989-1990 ready-to-wear: when garments meet automobile   With Thierry Mugler’s clothes regularly revealing his love for construction, it came as no surprise when his garments actually began to meld with automobiles. With the winter Buick collection, he made overt references to the American cars of the 1950s, and in particular the designs created by Harley J. Earl. Through his choice of cuts and materials, the designer attempted to capture their powerful lines where metal and reflectors meet fabric. A very literal example was the famous bodywork-bustier “roulé comme une Buick” [drive like a Buick], worn by Naomi Campbell (and made, once again, in collaboration with Jean-Jacques Urcun), illustrating the fantastical spirit of Mugler known for mixing humour and sensuality. Spring-Summer 1992 ready-to-wear: leather and rubber with the Cowboys   Two years after cars, it was the Far West cavaliers that inspired the designer. For his Cowboys collection, he sent an army of bikers down the runway all dressed in leather, from a corseted biker jacket with fringes to thigh boots attached to the waist -  20 years before those imagined by Vetements with Manolo Blahnik. As well as leather, cowhide and cowboy hats, Thierry Mugler also explored a material that hadn’t until then been much exploited in luxury ready-to-wear: rubber. One of the most memorable pieces of the collection remains his “Harley Davidson” bustier complete with handlebars and wing mirrors, a nod to the earlier bodywork-bustier of 1989. This piece would become famous thanks to George Michael’s “Too Funky” music video made by Mugler himself from images of his runway show. Fall-Winter 1992-1993 haute couture: successful start in Couture   In 1992, Thierry Mugler was authorised by the Chambre syndicale de la Couture to join the very closed club of haute couture as an “invited member” and present his first couture collection. At the time haute couture was suffering from a distinct lack of modernity and daring and was tiring the press and the buyers. For this collection, the designer chose the splendid setting of the Ritz swimming pool, which also gave its name to the collection. For the event, he invited some 20 seamstresses to his atelier to work with him on the creation of unique pieces articulated around the corset. The result was a collection of remarkable precision where the unerring sense of detail exalted the creativity. His immediate success earned the designer a permanent haute couture membership that lasted for ten years. He is one of the most important fashion designers of the modern era: for 30 years, collection after collection, Thierry Mugler deployed his avant-gardist vision of fashion. Under his impetus a new woman appeared on the runway and she was smoulderingly powerful. Reshaped at the end of the 1970s by a structured silhouette that was instantly recognisable, she had a tiny corseted waist, large shoulders, and an emphasised bust and hips. He thought he would become a ballet dancer, but the young Thierry Mugler ended up transcribing his love of the body through designing clothes. In 1973, with daring and perseverance this perfectionist created his first collection Café de Paris, and two years later organised his very first runway show in spite of minimal financial means.     With Mugler, femininity is in your face and assumed one hundred percent​     Extravagant, sexy and sometimes irreverent, “his fashion conjugates with the superlative”, writes Nathalie Bondil, director general and chief curator at the Montreal Museum of Fine Arts. “Oversized hats, neon wigs, (…), aerodynamic busts, tight-fitting dresses, gleaming corsets, cleavage, butt”, all features that define the Mugler style. With him, femininity is in your face and assumed one hundred percent: from his first total look of 1979, his pieces guided women towards an emancipation through the affirmation of an armoured body that was undeniably resistant to any social affronts. Beyond the silhouettes, his virtuosity is also illustrated by his use of unconventional materials: by adapting rubber, chrome, resin and plexiglass to the curves of a body, the designer marked a very distinct turning point in 1980s-90s fashion, which gradually became more fantasy than wearable. His keen eye fused a liberated sensitivity to the world of science fiction with pure futurism. With Mugler fashion became art. And yet after two decades of prolific success, the designer bowed out in 2001, after presenting his last ready-to-wear collection. Weary of the ever increasingly frenetic pace of the fashion industry, he turned his attention to creating shows and designing stage costumes. However, his rich heritage has never stopped being revisited by designers openly claiming his influence, as well as numerous pop stars including Lady Gaga, Beyoncé and Cardi B, who still wear his outfits today. Currently being celebrated with a grand retrospective at the Montreal Museum of Fine Arts (MBAM) – accompanied by a first book published by the museum in collaboration with Phaidon – his immense oeuvre is revealed there though a judicious selection of pieces. To better understand the influence of this fashion utopist, we look back at nine of his most emblematic collections.  Fall-Winter 1984-1985 ready-to-wear: ​and fashion became a show   In March 1984, Thierry Mugler made a splash: to celebrate the 10th anniversary of his house, he organised the first ever runway show/performance open to the public in the West. To host this ambitious project, the designer chose the Zénith, a concert hall in the Villette neighbourhood of Paris. In full 1980s effusion, fashion came together with the theatre and music worlds more than ever before in this highly colourful production, which drew more than 6000 spectators. On the runway, 350 outfits paraded past the audience: women adorned with halos and gold wings were the angels in this collection, pushing the wonder to its paroxysm with the majestic descent of Pat Cleveland from the ceiling, a Madonna-like figure draped in celestial and starry finery. Spring-Summer 1989 ready-to-wear: Mugler and his mermaids   The aquatic world has always been a fertile source of inspiration for the designer. In the Les Atlantes collection, he drew inspiration from marine fauna and flora to tell the tale of an abyss peopled by mermaids. Structured suits, metallic dresses and jumpsuits followed one another in hues of white, blue and silver. The masterpieces of the collection were the shell-like bustiers in canted glass with matching accessories, made by the master-sculptor Jean-Jacques Urcun, marking the beginning of a long collaboration with the designer. Fall-Winter 1989-1990 ready-to-wear: when garments meet automobile   With Thierry Mugler’s clothes regularly revealing his love for construction, it came as no surprise when his garments actually began to meld with automobiles. With the winter Buick collection, he made overt references to the American cars of the 1950s, and in particular the designs created by Harley J. Earl. Through his choice of cuts and materials, the designer attempted to capture their powerful lines where metal and reflectors meet fabric. A very literal example was the famous bodywork-bustier “roulé comme une Buick” [drive like a Buick], worn by Naomi Campbell (and made, once again, in collaboration with Jean-Jacques Urcun), illustrating the fantastical spirit of Mugler known for mixing humour and sensuality. Spring-Summer 1992 ready-to-wear: leather and rubber with the Cowboys   Two years after cars, it was the Far West cavaliers that inspired the designer. For his Cowboys collection, he sent an army of bikers down the runway all dressed in leather, from a corseted biker jacket with fringes to thigh boots attached to the waist -  20 years before those imagined by Vetements with Manolo Blahnik. As well as leather, cowhide and cowboy hats, Thierry Mugler also explored a material that hadn’t until then been much exploited in luxury ready-to-wear: rubber. One of the most memorable pieces of the collection remains his “Harley Davidson” bustier complete with handlebars and wing mirrors, a nod to the earlier bodywork-bustier of 1989. This piece would become famous thanks to George Michael’s “Too Funky” music video made by Mugler himself from images of his runway show. Fall-Winter 1992-1993 haute couture: successful start in Couture   In 1992, Thierry Mugler was authorised by the Chambre syndicale de la Couture to join the very closed club of haute couture as an “invited member” and present his first couture collection. At the time haute couture was suffering from a distinct lack of modernity and daring and was tiring the press and the buyers. For this collection, the designer chose the splendid setting of the Ritz swimming pool, which also gave its name to the collection. For the event, he invited some 20 seamstresses to his atelier to work with him on the creation of unique pieces articulated around the corset. The result was a collection of remarkable precision where the unerring sense of detail exalted the creativity. His immediate success earned the designer a permanent haute couture membership that lasted for ten years. Fall-Winter 1995-1996 haute couture: Mugler’s peak   Following the sensational runway show at the Zénith, Thierry Mugler had to celebrate the 20 years of his house in serious style. So, he chose the Cirque d’Hiver for a very complete and highly spectacular anniversary show, revisiting the most impactful figures from all his collections. Among the notable creations were the gynoid robots and the chrome outfits, resulting from an intensive collaboration with Jean-Jacques Urcun on a female android – the first design with made with Delcros for the Superstar Diana Ross collection of 1991. Starting with a metal bra, the outfit gradually became an all-in-one made of metal and plexiglass, an invention that has since inspired countless designers from Alexander McQueen to Dolce & Gabbana. Another memorable piece from this collection was the famous sheath/shell dress which we recently saw being sported by Cardi B at the 2019 Grammy Awards. He is one of the most important fashion designers of the modern era: for 30 years, collection after collection, Thierry Mugler deployed his avant-gardist vision of fashion. Under his impetus a new woman appeared on the runway and she was smoulderingly powerful. Reshaped at the end of the 1970s by a structured silhouette that was instantly recognisable, she had a tiny corseted waist, large shoulders, and an emphasised bust and hips. He thought he would become a ballet dancer, but the young Thierry Mugler ended up transcribing his love of the body through designing clothes. In 1973, with daring and perseverance this perfectionist created his first collection Café de Paris, and two years later organised his very first runway show in spite of minimal financial means.     With Mugler, femininity is in your face and assumed one hundred percent​     Extravagant, sexy and sometimes irreverent, “his fashion conjugates with the superlative”, writes Nathalie Bondil, director general and chief curator at the Montreal Museum of Fine Arts. “Oversized hats, neon wigs, (…), aerodynamic busts, tight-fitting dresses, gleaming corsets, cleavage, butt”, all features that define the Mugler style. With him, femininity is in your face and assumed one hundred percent: from his first total look of 1979, his pieces guided women towards an emancipation through the affirmation of an armoured body that was undeniably resistant to any social affronts. Beyond the silhouettes, his virtuosity is also illustrated by his use of unconventional materials: by adapting rubber, chrome, resin and plexiglass to the curves of a body, the designer marked a very distinct turning point in 1980s-90s fashion, which gradually became more fantasy than wearable. His keen eye fused a liberated sensitivity to the world of science fiction with pure futurism. With Mugler fashion became art. And yet after two decades of prolific success, the designer bowed out in 2001, after presenting his last ready-to-wear collection. Weary of the ever increasingly frenetic pace of the fashion industry, he turned his attention to creating shows and designing stage costumes. However, his rich heritage has never stopped being revisited by designers openly claiming his influence, as well as numerous pop stars including Lady Gaga, Beyoncé and Cardi B, who still wear his outfits today. Currently being celebrated with a grand retrospective at the Montreal Museum of Fine Arts (MBAM) – accompanied by a first book published by the museum in collaboration with Phaidon – his immense oeuvre is revealed there though a judicious selection of pieces. To better understand the influence of this fashion utopist, we look back at nine of his most emblematic collections.  Fall-Winter 1984-1985 ready-to-wear: ​and fashion became a show   In March 1984, Thierry Mugler made a splash: to celebrate the 10th anniversary of his house, he organised the first ever runway show/performance open to the public in the West. To host this ambitious project, the designer chose the Zénith, a concert hall in the Villette neighbourhood of Paris. In full 1980s effusion, fashion came together with the theatre and music worlds more than ever before in this highly colourful production, which drew more than 6000 spectators. On the runway, 350 outfits paraded past the audience: women adorned with halos and gold wings were the angels in this collection, pushing the wonder to its paroxysm with the majestic descent of Pat Cleveland from the ceiling, a Madonna-like figure draped in celestial and starry finery. Spring-Summer 1989 ready-to-wear: Mugler and his mermaids   The aquatic world has always been a fertile source of inspiration for the designer. In the Les Atlantes collection, he drew inspiration from marine fauna and flora to tell the tale of an abyss peopled by mermaids. Structured suits, metallic dresses and jumpsuits followed one another in hues of white, blue and silver. The masterpieces of the collection were the shell-like bustiers in canted glass with matching accessories, made by the master-sculptor Jean-Jacques Urcun, marking the beginning of a long collaboration with the designer. Fall-Winter 1989-1990 ready-to-wear: when garments meet automobile   With Thierry Mugler’s clothes regularly revealing his love for construction, it came as no surprise when his garments actually began to meld with automobiles. With the winter Buick collection, he made overt references to the American cars of the 1950s, and in particular the designs created by Harley J. Earl. Through his choice of cuts and materials, the designer attempted to capture their powerful lines where metal and reflectors meet fabric. A very literal example was the famous bodywork-bustier “roulé comme une Buick” [drive like a Buick], worn by Naomi Campbell (and made, once again, in collaboration with Jean-Jacques Urcun), illustrating the fantastical spirit of Mugler known for mixing humour and sensuality. Spring-Summer 1992 ready-to-wear: leather and rubber with the Cowboys   Two years after cars, it was the Far West cavaliers that inspired the designer. For his Cowboys collection, he sent an army of bikers down the runway all dressed in leather, from a corseted biker jacket with fringes to thigh boots attached to the waist -  20 years before those imagined by Vetements with Manolo Blahnik. As well as leather, cowhide and cowboy hats, Thierry Mugler also explored a material that hadn’t until then been much exploited in luxury ready-to-wear: rubber. One of the most memorable pieces of the collection remains his “Harley Davidson” bustier complete with handlebars and wing mirrors, a nod to the earlier bodywork-bustier of 1989. This piece would become famous thanks to George Michael’s “Too Funky” music video made by Mugler himself from images of his runway show. Fall-Winter 1992-1993 haute couture: successful start in Couture   In 1992, Thierry Mugler was authorised by the Chambre syndicale de la Couture to join the very closed club of haute couture as an “invited member” and present his first couture collection. At the time haute couture was suffering from a distinct lack of modernity and daring and was tiring the press and the buyers. For this collection, the designer chose the splendid setting of the Ritz swimming pool, which also gave its name to the collection. For the event, he invited some 20 seamstresses to his atelier to work with him on the creation of unique pieces articulated around the corset. The result was a collection of remarkable precision where the unerring sense of detail exalted the creativity. His immediate success earned the designer a permanent haute couture membership that lasted for ten years. Fall-Winter 1995-1996 haute couture: Mugler’s peak   Following the sensational runway show at the Zénith, Thierry Mugler had to celebrate the 20 years of his house in serious style. So, he chose the Cirque d’Hiver for a very complete and highly spectacular anniversary show, revisiting the most impactful figures from all his collections. Among the notable creations were the gynoid robots and the chrome outfits, resulting from an intensive collaboration with Jean-Jacques Urcun on a female android – the first design with made with Delcros for the Superstar Diana Ross collection of 1991. Starting with a metal bra, the outfit gradually became an all-in-one made of metal and plexiglass, an invention that has since inspired countless designers from Alexander McQueen to Dolce & Gabbana. Another memorable piece from this collection was the famous sheath/shell dress which we recently saw being sported by Cardi B at the 2019 Grammy Awards. Spring-Summer 1997 haute couture: behind the insect, the woman   If the style and the madness of Mugler were to be illustrated by a single collection, Les Insectes would undoubtedly be the most appropriate. The designer surpassed himself by imagining a world where women were fused with insects, adopting their characteristics on a human scale: carapace, antennae, blacked out glasses like a fly’s eyes and the gracious wings of a butterfly in scintillating colours. Another remarkable piece was the “tyre” suit made of rubber and leather thanks to the designer Abel Villareal - an umpteenth blending of women and cars. With this daring collection, Thierry Mugler continued to surprise and along with the newly arrived John Galliano and Alexander McQueen, contributed to making the spring-summer 1997 collections one of the most exciting haute couture seasons. He is one of the most important fashion designers of the modern era: for 30 years, collection after collection, Thierry Mugler deployed his avant-gardist vision of fashion. Under his impetus a new woman appeared on the runway and she was smoulderingly powerful. Reshaped at the end of the 1970s by a structured silhouette that was instantly recognisable, she had a tiny corseted waist, large shoulders, and an emphasised bust and hips. He thought he would become a ballet dancer, but the young Thierry Mugler ended up transcribing his love of the body through designing clothes. In 1973, with daring and perseverance this perfectionist created his first collection Café de Paris, and two years later organised his very first runway show in spite of minimal financial means.     With Mugler, femininity is in your face and assumed one hundred percent​     Extravagant, sexy and sometimes irreverent, “his fashion conjugates with the superlative”, writes Nathalie Bondil, director general and chief curator at the Montreal Museum of Fine Arts. “Oversized hats, neon wigs, (…), aerodynamic busts, tight-fitting dresses, gleaming corsets, cleavage, butt”, all features that define the Mugler style. With him, femininity is in your face and assumed one hundred percent: from his first total look of 1979, his pieces guided women towards an emancipation through the affirmation of an armoured body that was undeniably resistant to any social affronts. Beyond the silhouettes, his virtuosity is also illustrated by his use of unconventional materials: by adapting rubber, chrome, resin and plexiglass to the curves of a body, the designer marked a very distinct turning point in 1980s-90s fashion, which gradually became more fantasy than wearable. His keen eye fused a liberated sensitivity to the world of science fiction with pure futurism. With Mugler fashion became art. And yet after two decades of prolific success, the designer bowed out in 2001, after presenting his last ready-to-wear collection. Weary of the ever increasingly frenetic pace of the fashion industry, he turned his attention to creating shows and designing stage costumes. However, his rich heritage has never stopped being revisited by designers openly claiming his influence, as well as numerous pop stars including Lady Gaga, Beyoncé and Cardi B, who still wear his outfits today. Currently being celebrated with a grand retrospective at the Montreal Museum of Fine Arts (MBAM) – accompanied by a first book published by the museum in collaboration with Phaidon – his immense oeuvre is revealed there though a judicious selection of pieces. To better understand the influence of this fashion utopist, we look back at nine of his most emblematic collections.  Fall-Winter 1984-1985 ready-to-wear: ​and fashion became a show   In March 1984, Thierry Mugler made a splash: to celebrate the 10th anniversary of his house, he organised the first ever runway show/performance open to the public in the West. To host this ambitious project, the designer chose the Zénith, a concert hall in the Villette neighbourhood of Paris. In full 1980s effusion, fashion came together with the theatre and music worlds more than ever before in this highly colourful production, which drew more than 6000 spectators. On the runway, 350 outfits paraded past the audience: women adorned with halos and gold wings were the angels in this collection, pushing the wonder to its paroxysm with the majestic descent of Pat Cleveland from the ceiling, a Madonna-like figure draped in celestial and starry finery. Spring-Summer 1989 ready-to-wear: Mugler and his mermaids   The aquatic world has always been a fertile source of inspiration for the designer. In the Les Atlantes collection, he drew inspiration from marine fauna and flora to tell the tale of an abyss peopled by mermaids. Structured suits, metallic dresses and jumpsuits followed one another in hues of white, blue and silver. The masterpieces of the collection were the shell-like bustiers in canted glass with matching accessories, made by the master-sculptor Jean-Jacques Urcun, marking the beginning of a long collaboration with the designer. Fall-Winter 1989-1990 ready-to-wear: when garments meet automobile   With Thierry Mugler’s clothes regularly revealing his love for construction, it came as no surprise when his garments actually began to meld with automobiles. With the winter Buick collection, he made overt references to the American cars of the 1950s, and in particular the designs created by Harley J. Earl. Through his choice of cuts and materials, the designer attempted to capture their powerful lines where metal and reflectors meet fabric. A very literal example was the famous bodywork-bustier “roulé comme une Buick” [drive like a Buick], worn by Naomi Campbell (and made, once again, in collaboration with Jean-Jacques Urcun), illustrating the fantastical spirit of Mugler known for mixing humour and sensuality. Spring-Summer 1992 ready-to-wear: leather and rubber with the Cowboys   Two years after cars, it was the Far West cavaliers that inspired the designer. For his Cowboys collection, he sent an army of bikers down the runway all dressed in leather, from a corseted biker jacket with fringes to thigh boots attached to the waist -  20 years before those imagined by Vetements with Manolo Blahnik. As well as leather, cowhide and cowboy hats, Thierry Mugler also explored a material that hadn’t until then been much exploited in luxury ready-to-wear: rubber. One of the most memorable pieces of the collection remains his “Harley Davidson” bustier complete with handlebars and wing mirrors, a nod to the earlier bodywork-bustier of 1989. This piece would become famous thanks to George Michael’s “Too Funky” music video made by Mugler himself from images of his runway show. Fall-Winter 1992-1993 haute couture: successful start in Couture   In 1992, Thierry Mugler was authorised by the Chambre syndicale de la Couture to join the very closed club of haute couture as an “invited member” and present his first couture collection. At the time haute couture was suffering from a distinct lack of modernity and daring and was tiring the press and the buyers. For this collection, the designer chose the splendid setting of the Ritz swimming pool, which also gave its name to the collection. For the event, he invited some 20 seamstresses to his atelier to work with him on the creation of unique pieces articulated around the corset. The result was a collection of remarkable precision where the unerring sense of detail exalted the creativity. His immediate success earned the designer a permanent haute couture membership that lasted for ten years. Fall-Winter 1995-1996 haute couture: Mugler’s peak   Following the sensational runway show at the Zénith, Thierry Mugler had to celebrate the 20 years of his house in serious style. So, he chose the Cirque d’Hiver for a very complete and highly spectacular anniversary show, revisiting the most impactful figures from all his collections. Among the notable creations were the gynoid robots and the chrome outfits, resulting from an intensive collaboration with Jean-Jacques Urcun on a female android – the first design with made with Delcros for the Superstar Diana Ross collection of 1991. Starting with a metal bra, the outfit gradually became an all-in-one made of metal and plexiglass, an invention that has since inspired countless designers from Alexander McQueen to Dolce & Gabbana. Another memorable piece from this collection was the famous sheath/shell dress which we recently saw being sported by Cardi B at the 2019 Grammy Awards. Spring-Summer 1997 haute couture: behind the insect, the woman   If the style and the madness of Mugler were to be illustrated by a single collection, Les Insectes would undoubtedly be the most appropriate. The designer surpassed himself by imagining a world where women were fused with insects, adopting their characteristics on a human scale: carapace, antennae, blacked out glasses like a fly’s eyes and the gracious wings of a butterfly in scintillating colours. Another remarkable piece was the “tyre” suit made of rubber and leather thanks to the designer Abel Villareal - an umpteenth blending of women and cars. With this daring collection, Thierry Mugler continued to surprise and along with the newly arrived John Galliano and Alexander McQueen, contributed to making the spring-summer 1997 collections one of the most exciting haute couture seasons. Fall-Winter 1997-1998 haute couture: the most expensive haute couture dress in history   Continuing from the previous collection, Les Chimères transformed the women-insects into fantastical creatures, inhabiting the dreams of the designer. Thierry Mugler translated this imaginary faraway land, with a gaze turned towards the East and its aesthetics. Thus, we find pieces with influences from Russia and Eastern Asia. The absolute highlight of the show was the Chimera dress in which the model Adriana Karembeu became a hybrid creature, a winged mermaid in all the colours of the rainbow. Conceived by Jean-Jacques Urcun and the corset-maker Mr Pearl, this remarkable creation is today estimated to be one of the most expensive haute couture dresses in history. He is one of the most important fashion designers of the modern era: for 30 years, collection after collection, Thierry Mugler deployed his avant-gardist vision of fashion. Under his impetus a new woman appeared on the runway and she was smoulderingly powerful. Reshaped at the end of the 1970s by a structured silhouette that was instantly recognisable, she had a tiny corseted waist, large shoulders, and an emphasised bust and hips. He thought he would become a ballet dancer, but the young Thierry Mugler ended up transcribing his love of the body through designing clothes. In 1973, with daring and perseverance this perfectionist created his first collection Café de Paris, and two years later organised his very first runway show in spite of minimal financial means.     With Mugler, femininity is in your face and assumed one hundred percent​     Extravagant, sexy and sometimes irreverent, “his fashion conjugates with the superlative”, writes Nathalie Bondil, director general and chief curator at the Montreal Museum of Fine Arts. “Oversized hats, neon wigs, (…), aerodynamic busts, tight-fitting dresses, gleaming corsets, cleavage, butt”, all features that define the Mugler style. With him, femininity is in your face and assumed one hundred percent: from his first total look of 1979, his pieces guided women towards an emancipation through the affirmation of an armoured body that was undeniably resistant to any social affronts. Beyond the silhouettes, his virtuosity is also illustrated by his use of unconventional materials: by adapting rubber, chrome, resin and plexiglass to the curves of a body, the designer marked a very distinct turning point in 1980s-90s fashion, which gradually became more fantasy than wearable. His keen eye fused a liberated sensitivity to the world of science fiction with pure futurism. With Mugler fashion became art. And yet after two decades of prolific success, the designer bowed out in 2001, after presenting his last ready-to-wear collection. Weary of the ever increasingly frenetic pace of the fashion industry, he turned his attention to creating shows and designing stage costumes. However, his rich heritage has never stopped being revisited by designers openly claiming his influence, as well as numerous pop stars including Lady Gaga, Beyoncé and Cardi B, who still wear his outfits today. Currently being celebrated with a grand retrospective at the Montreal Museum of Fine Arts (MBAM) – accompanied by a first book published by the museum in collaboration with Phaidon – his immense oeuvre is revealed there though a judicious selection of pieces. To better understand the influence of this fashion utopist, we look back at nine of his most emblematic collections.  Fall-Winter 1984-1985 ready-to-wear: ​and fashion became a show   In March 1984, Thierry Mugler made a splash: to celebrate the 10th anniversary of his house, he organised the first ever runway show/performance open to the public in the West. To host this ambitious project, the designer chose the Zénith, a concert hall in the Villette neighbourhood of Paris. In full 1980s effusion, fashion came together with the theatre and music worlds more than ever before in this highly colourful production, which drew more than 6000 spectators. On the runway, 350 outfits paraded past the audience: women adorned with halos and gold wings were the angels in this collection, pushing the wonder to its paroxysm with the majestic descent of Pat Cleveland from the ceiling, a Madonna-like figure draped in celestial and starry finery. Spring-Summer 1989 ready-to-wear: Mugler and his mermaids   The aquatic world has always been a fertile source of inspiration for the designer. In the Les Atlantes collection, he drew inspiration from marine fauna and flora to tell the tale of an abyss peopled by mermaids. Structured suits, metallic dresses and jumpsuits followed one another in hues of white, blue and silver. The masterpieces of the collection were the shell-like bustiers in canted glass with matching accessories, made by the master-sculptor Jean-Jacques Urcun, marking the beginning of a long collaboration with the designer. Fall-Winter 1989-1990 ready-to-wear: when garments meet automobile   With Thierry Mugler’s clothes regularly revealing his love for construction, it came as no surprise when his garments actually began to meld with automobiles. With the winter Buick collection, he made overt references to the American cars of the 1950s, and in particular the designs created by Harley J. Earl. Through his choice of cuts and materials, the designer attempted to capture their powerful lines where metal and reflectors meet fabric. A very literal example was the famous bodywork-bustier “roulé comme une Buick” [drive like a Buick], worn by Naomi Campbell (and made, once again, in collaboration with Jean-Jacques Urcun), illustrating the fantastical spirit of Mugler known for mixing humour and sensuality. Spring-Summer 1992 ready-to-wear: leather and rubber with the Cowboys   Two years after cars, it was the Far West cavaliers that inspired the designer. For his Cowboys collection, he sent an army of bikers down the runway all dressed in leather, from a corseted biker jacket with fringes to thigh boots attached to the waist -  20 years before those imagined by Vetements with Manolo Blahnik. As well as leather, cowhide and cowboy hats, Thierry Mugler also explored a material that hadn’t until then been much exploited in luxury ready-to-wear: rubber. One of the most memorable pieces of the collection remains his “Harley Davidson” bustier complete with handlebars and wing mirrors, a nod to the earlier bodywork-bustier of 1989. This piece would become famous thanks to George Michael’s “Too Funky” music video made by Mugler himself from images of his runway show. Fall-Winter 1992-1993 haute couture: successful start in Couture   In 1992, Thierry Mugler was authorised by the Chambre syndicale de la Couture to join the very closed club of haute couture as an “invited member” and present his first couture collection. At the time haute couture was suffering from a distinct lack of modernity and daring and was tiring the press and the buyers. For this collection, the designer chose the splendid setting of the Ritz swimming pool, which also gave its name to the collection. For the event, he invited some 20 seamstresses to his atelier to work with him on the creation of unique pieces articulated around the corset. The result was a collection of remarkable precision where the unerring sense of detail exalted the creativity. His immediate success earned the designer a permanent haute couture membership that lasted for ten years. Fall-Winter 1995-1996 haute couture: Mugler’s peak   Following the sensational runway show at the Zénith, Thierry Mugler had to celebrate the 20 years of his house in serious style. So, he chose the Cirque d’Hiver for a very complete and highly spectacular anniversary show, revisiting the most impactful figures from all his collections. Among the notable creations were the gynoid robots and the chrome outfits, resulting from an intensive collaboration with Jean-Jacques Urcun on a female android – the first design with made with Delcros for the Superstar Diana Ross collection of 1991. Starting with a metal bra, the outfit gradually became an all-in-one made of metal and plexiglass, an invention that has since inspired countless designers from Alexander McQueen to Dolce & Gabbana. Another memorable piece from this collection was the famous sheath/shell dress which we recently saw being sported by Cardi B at the 2019 Grammy Awards. Spring-Summer 1997 haute couture: behind the insect, the woman   If the style and the madness of Mugler were to be illustrated by a single collection, Les Insectes would undoubtedly be the most appropriate. The designer surpassed himself by imagining a world where women were fused with insects, adopting their characteristics on a human scale: carapace, antennae, blacked out glasses like a fly’s eyes and the gracious wings of a butterfly in scintillating colours. Another remarkable piece was the “tyre” suit made of rubber and leather thanks to the designer Abel Villareal - an umpteenth blending of women and cars. With this daring collection, Thierry Mugler continued to surprise and along with the newly arrived John Galliano and Alexander McQueen, contributed to making the spring-summer 1997 collections one of the most exciting haute couture seasons. Fall-Winter 1997-1998 haute couture: the most expensive haute couture dress in history   Continuing from the previous collection, Les Chimères transformed the women-insects into fantastical creatures, inhabiting the dreams of the designer. Thierry Mugler translated this imaginary faraway land, with a gaze turned towards the East and its aesthetics. Thus, we find pieces with influences from Russia and Eastern Asia. The absolute highlight of the show was the Chimera dress in which the model Adriana Karembeu became a hybrid creature, a winged mermaid in all the colours of the rainbow. Conceived by Jean-Jacques Urcun and the corset-maker Mr Pearl, this remarkable creation is today estimated to be one of the most expensive haute couture dresses in history. Fall-Winter 2001-2002 ready-to-wear: ferocious farewell   As the 2000’s dawned, fashion faced new competition in the shape of global retailing and fast fashion, which made many fashion labels rethink their economic models. Suffering from this upheaval in buying and an ever-growing demand, Thierry Mugler decided to end his fashion activities. Later, the designer would say: “Fashion was a very emotional and artistic vehicle in the 1970s, 80s and 90s, the look was extremely important. There were real stakes, but it’s not like that anymore. I pushed fashion to its limit, but today creation is limited by money, marketing and the crazy rhythm of the collections.” In March 2001, he showed his last ready-to-wear collection. Baptised Les Fauves, it featured ferocious looking models with wild hair, dressed in white, beige, brown and black leather, swathed in leopard prints. At this dignified conclusion, the designer bade farewell to the fashion world, head held high, eyes firmly focused on new horizons.   The Thierry Mugler : Couturissime exhibition, on display until September 8, 2019 at the Montreal Museum of Fine Arts.    Together with the exhibition, the museum and Phaidon editions are publishing a book dedicated to Thierry Mugler. In June-July 2019’s “Nature” edition of Numéro : An encounter with star actress Penélope Cruz currently in Pedro Almodóvar’s Dolor y Gloria, an interview with Adèle Exarchopoulos, the actress who won a Cesar Award and plays alongside Virginie Efira in Justine Triet’s Sibyl, the confessions of singer Eddy de Pretto, a portrait of the artist Jesse Darling, the aerial installation made of biodegradable plastics by Arthur Mamou-Mani in Milan, a focus on the second edition of the Dior Photography Award for Young Talents at the Rencontres d’Arles, the installations of projet Desert X in the middle of the Californian desert and the fashion stories by Txema Yeste, Laurie Bartley, Marco van Rijt, Azim H and Cameron McCool.   Discover the Numéro “Nature” edition of June-July 2019, available on news stands and on iPad from April 29, 2019.     → Subscribe to Numéro magazine    → Subscribe to the iPad Numéro application Since 2015, Rihanna has entered the fashion industry step by step: first, by collaborating with Puma to create a sexy sportswear collection called by her name, Fenty. Then, by launching Savage x Fenty, her lingerie collection which celebrates diversity. Meanwhile, the American singer has made a name for herself in the cosmetic industry with her beauty line Fenty Beauty: make-up products like foundation are very popular for their large shade range. She was one step away from creating her own clothes and accessories label. It’s with the support of LVMH that Rihanna announced in January she was launching FENTY, a ready-to-wear female line. The fist collection Release 5-19 will be available at the end of May.    Unveiled this week, Release 5-19 is reminiscent of the singer: unsurprisingly, the Rihanna woman is assertive, powerful and feminine. In her sets, everything is meant to emphasize the body without constraining it: marked shoulders, defined waist and large hips accentuate the figure, while the light and flexible materials make the clothes very fluid. For her jackets and tops, Rihanna decided to show off the curves of the chest, sometimes finishing the looks with large trousers. The colors are soft and summery, with pieces that are creamy white, pale pink, coral and beige as well as dark blue (the color of a Japanese denim). Jewelry and accessories are not forgotten: to compliment her outfits, Rihanna has designed high-heeled sandals, bracelets and earrings in different sizes, as well as several sunglasses.   Photographed by British Glen Luchford, the first FENTY campaign sees the models in an arid and sun-drenched landscape. Every piece in the Release 5-19 collection can be found in a pop-up store opened in the heart of the Marais district, in Paris. They will then be available from May 29 on the label’s website. An appealing foretaste by the singer who, once more, aims well.    Find the Release 5-19 collection from May 10 at 10, rue de Turenne, Paris 3e. The pieces will be available from May 29 on fenty.com Numéro : You grew up in West London. What was your childhood there like?​    Adwoa Aboah : When my mother had me she was about 25, and she’s lived there, in the same house in West London, ever since. She’s from up north, the Lake District, and my dad is from Ghana. Growing up in London was the best thing in the world – it’s one of my favourite places, if not my favourite place in the world. Even though it’s grey and gloomy, and everyone is quite grumpy there, there’s something really comforting about it – I feel very grounded when I’m there. It’s not too boring, nor too manic, as New York can be. I still have the same friends I grew up with. At 13 I was sent to boarding school in the countryside.   How was it there?    It was awful. Boarding school wasn’t for me. I wasn’t supposed to be in a bubble – I was so used to having different age groups around, hanging out with older people, hanging out with younger people. And there were so many rules at boarding school, in this weird bubble. I hated it!   Is it around that time that you started having anxiety problems and feeling depressed?   Yes.     “Gurls Talk is definitely helping me a lot. Stopping to think about myself and taking the time to think about others is what gets me up in the morning - it’s completely therapeutic. It’s quite funny that I had to go through such pain, feelings of uneasiness and loss to get to this point in my life.”     Did you know already what you wanted to do with your life? What was your perception of the fashion industry?   I don’t think I even had a perception of it, because I was so involved in it because of my parents’ jobs, and the jobs of their friends. It all felt quite normal, and the fashion industry people were family friends. In a way it was very exciting – I love that I met all types of people so early, straight, gay, black, white… It’s probably one of the things that I found difficult about boarding school – it felt isolated, straight and boring. So that was the kind of perception that I had of the fashion industry. But I definitely didn’t think that I was going to be a part of it or that I was going to model.   Were you into theatre?   Yes. When I was about 13, I found my love of theatre. Besides a few friends, it’s one of the few positive things I found at boarding school. Theatre is something I carried on after school and into university. I don’t think I knew at all what I wanted to do, although I knew for sure I wanted to be independent, so slowly but surely I fell into modelling. But at first I also had to work in shops and I was a nanny for a bit, as well as going to university. I think also when you’re so uncomfortable in your skin, and you’re so uncomfortable in general, finding out what you want to do in life is like… I didn’t really have time to think about it, I was already kind of lost anyway, so thinking that far in the future was terrifying. I just tried to deal with the present. When you’re depressed, you feel that inability to get up in the morning and do your work. Everything just felt complacent and heavy. I wasn’t lazy, I got through university and I did my jobs, but it wasn’t exciting, I didn’t put my heart into it. Numéro : You grew up in West London. What was your childhood there like?​    Adwoa Aboah : When my mother had me she was about 25, and she’s lived there, in the same house in West London, ever since. She’s from up north, the Lake District, and my dad is from Ghana. Growing up in London was the best thing in the world – it’s one of my favourite places, if not my favourite place in the world. Even though it’s grey and gloomy, and everyone is quite grumpy there, there’s something really comforting about it – I feel very grounded when I’m there. It’s not too boring, nor too manic, as New York can be. I still have the same friends I grew up with. At 13 I was sent to boarding school in the countryside.   How was it there?    It was awful. Boarding school wasn’t for me. I wasn’t supposed to be in a bubble – I was so used to having different age groups around, hanging out with older people, hanging out with younger people. And there were so many rules at boarding school, in this weird bubble. I hated it!   Is it around that time that you started having anxiety problems and feeling depressed?   Yes.     “Gurls Talk is definitely helping me a lot. Stopping to think about myself and taking the time to think about others is what gets me up in the morning - it’s completely therapeutic. It’s quite funny that I had to go through such pain, feelings of uneasiness and loss to get to this point in my life.”     Did you know already what you wanted to do with your life? What was your perception of the fashion industry?   I don’t think I even had a perception of it, because I was so involved in it because of my parents’ jobs, and the jobs of their friends. It all felt quite normal, and the fashion industry people were family friends. In a way it was very exciting – I love that I met all types of people so early, straight, gay, black, white… It’s probably one of the things that I found difficult about boarding school – it felt isolated, straight and boring. So that was the kind of perception that I had of the fashion industry. But I definitely didn’t think that I was going to be a part of it or that I was going to model.   Were you into theatre?   Yes. When I was about 13, I found my love of theatre. Besides a few friends, it’s one of the few positive things I found at boarding school. Theatre is something I carried on after school and into university. I don’t think I knew at all what I wanted to do, although I knew for sure I wanted to be independent, so slowly but surely I fell into modelling. But at first I also had to work in shops and I was a nanny for a bit, as well as going to university. I think also when you’re so uncomfortable in your skin, and you’re so uncomfortable in general, finding out what you want to do in life is like… I didn’t really have time to think about it, I was already kind of lost anyway, so thinking that far in the future was terrifying. I just tried to deal with the present. When you’re depressed, you feel that inability to get up in the morning and do your work. Everything just felt complacent and heavy. I wasn’t lazy, I got through university and I did my jobs, but it wasn’t exciting, I didn’t put my heart into it. It’s difficult to imagine that you had such thoughts back then, because seeing you today you’re so full of energy.    I know, it feels totally mad now. But I did a lot of work on myself and I continue to do so.   Did you feel that mental health was something vital to talk about when you started your Gurls Talk platform?   Depression and anxiety, although people can’t see them, are actually very physical. And you can’t speak about it. I couldn’t put into words what I was going through. I didn’t even really understand what it was. That uneasy feeling that I had in my stomach, I thought it was just stomach cramps. But now I know they were signs of anxiety, these are things that you learn when you get older, and when you are educated, you find out more about yourself. Gurls Talk is definitely helping me a lot. Stopping to think about myself and taking the time to think about others is what gets me up in the morning – it’s completely therapeutic. There’s nothing else in the world that gives me more joy than what I do with Gurls Talk. It’s quite funny that I had to go through such pain, feelings of uneasiness and loss to get to this point in my life. I’m really lucky that I found that light, and found such joy in it. And it feels strange to think about the girl that I used to be, who was so uncomfortable but had to put up a façade and a mask to keep everyone at bay, and make up that I was fine, I was fine, I was fine. So now I try to be as open as possible, I protect myself, but I advocate talking about things, being open and vulnerable and using that as a tool for strength.   Did you ever suffer from racism growing up?   Looking back, probably. It was all under the radar and it is very much like that in Britain, I think. I was in a predominantly white school, so I felt like an outcast for sure, I didn’t feel white enough, and I didn’t feel black enough. I never suffered the kind of outspoken racism that some people have had to deal with, it was always sly. It’s only now that I’m older, looking back, that I have some understanding of it.   How did you feel about taking Gurls Talk to Ghana?   In 2018, I decided I wanted to take Gurls talk to Ghana, and we did it in 2019. It’s so wonderful that my team and I are so much on the same page, we are so dedicated. It was so surreal. Usually I’m a lot more involved in the panels, but this time I just took a back seat and introduced every single panel, and I was obviously there, but I mostly took the time to watch as things happened. And it was so beautiful to see that, as the day went on, people were starting to feel more comfortable. They started putting their hands up, the energy lifted and people started sharing more. And it was beautiful to see that Gurls Talk is needed all over the world, but it doesn’t mean that I’m needed all over the world. I’ll always be there, but what is important when you go to other countries is to give the women who live there a platform to share their messages. It doesn’t have to be me speaking because there are women in these countries who know better. I empathize and I can feel all sorts of emotions, but do I understand what it’s like to be a girl living in Poland, for example? No.     “It takes time to understand that you need to follow your guts and stick to your own plan, your own journey, find out what that journey is. I was lucky to find mine.”       What was the most difficult topic to talk about in Ghana?   Sexual abuse. It happens in schools, in universities and it’s a big taboo, it’s being swept under the carpet, but it’s very prominent. So they spoke about that a lot. That’s when girls were putting their hands up a lot, sharing these horrible stories. They felt safe enough to talk about it, that was the beauty of it. Because these girls really need help, and what they have to go through is constantly being denied.   When did you decide that you wanted to use your voice, that modelling alone was not enough?   When I got better. I mean, recovery is a continuous journey, but… It was kind of accidental telling my story; I was among a group of women who made me comfortable enough to share what was going on in my life. And from then on, it kind of went into the most amazing direction, creating my platform, but I think I’ve always known that modelling wasn’t going to be the only thing I would do. And it’s beautiful that I made them align: since then I’ve been able to team up with brands that really understand what I’m trying to do and understand that my voice is important, that modelling, for me, is not about being an object. And I’ve always known that I wanted to use my voice, I think, although we all get sidetracked growing up, because we see certain people doing certain things. So we start to think, “Maybe I should be at that party, maybe I should hang out with these people.” It takes time to understand that you need to follow your guts and stick to your own plan, your own journey, find out what that journey is. I was lucky to find mine.    I suppose the moment when you decided to shave your head must have been a part of that?   It wasn’t a conscious decision, I didn’t shave my hair in protest, but it was just this kind of feeling of exhaustion at always trying to fit in, always trying to look like someone else, and I was just so bored with it, so I shaved it all off.   You spoke alongside Meghan Markle on International Women’s Day.   It was amazing. She’s amazing! Annie Lennox was there, the former prime minister of New Zealand too… It was amazing to be esteemed as highly as these women who have been advocating for women’s rights and female education for such a long time. Numéro : You grew up in West London. What was your childhood there like?​    Adwoa Aboah : When my mother had me she was about 25, and she’s lived there, in the same house in West London, ever since. She’s from up north, the Lake District, and my dad is from Ghana. Growing up in London was the best thing in the world – it’s one of my favourite places, if not my favourite place in the world. Even though it’s grey and gloomy, and everyone is quite grumpy there, there’s something really comforting about it – I feel very grounded when I’m there. It’s not too boring, nor too manic, as New York can be. I still have the same friends I grew up with. At 13 I was sent to boarding school in the countryside.   How was it there?    It was awful. Boarding school wasn’t for me. I wasn’t supposed to be in a bubble – I was so used to having different age groups around, hanging out with older people, hanging out with younger people. And there were so many rules at boarding school, in this weird bubble. I hated it!   Is it around that time that you started having anxiety problems and feeling depressed?   Yes.     “Gurls Talk is definitely helping me a lot. Stopping to think about myself and taking the time to think about others is what gets me up in the morning - it’s completely therapeutic. It’s quite funny that I had to go through such pain, feelings of uneasiness and loss to get to this point in my life.”     Did you know already what you wanted to do with your life? What was your perception of the fashion industry?   I don’t think I even had a perception of it, because I was so involved in it because of my parents’ jobs, and the jobs of their friends. It all felt quite normal, and the fashion industry people were family friends. In a way it was very exciting – I love that I met all types of people so early, straight, gay, black, white… It’s probably one of the things that I found difficult about boarding school – it felt isolated, straight and boring. So that was the kind of perception that I had of the fashion industry. But I definitely didn’t think that I was going to be a part of it or that I was going to model.   Were you into theatre?   Yes. When I was about 13, I found my love of theatre. Besides a few friends, it’s one of the few positive things I found at boarding school. Theatre is something I carried on after school and into university. I don’t think I knew at all what I wanted to do, although I knew for sure I wanted to be independent, so slowly but surely I fell into modelling. But at first I also had to work in shops and I was a nanny for a bit, as well as going to university. I think also when you’re so uncomfortable in your skin, and you’re so uncomfortable in general, finding out what you want to do in life is like… I didn’t really have time to think about it, I was already kind of lost anyway, so thinking that far in the future was terrifying. I just tried to deal with the present. When you’re depressed, you feel that inability to get up in the morning and do your work. Everything just felt complacent and heavy. I wasn’t lazy, I got through university and I did my jobs, but it wasn’t exciting, I didn’t put my heart into it. It’s difficult to imagine that you had such thoughts back then, because seeing you today you’re so full of energy.    I know, it feels totally mad now. But I did a lot of work on myself and I continue to do so.   Did you feel that mental health was something vital to talk about when you started your Gurls Talk platform?   Depression and anxiety, although people can’t see them, are actually very physical. And you can’t speak about it. I couldn’t put into words what I was going through. I didn’t even really understand what it was. That uneasy feeling that I had in my stomach, I thought it was just stomach cramps. But now I know they were signs of anxiety, these are things that you learn when you get older, and when you are educated, you find out more about yourself. Gurls Talk is definitely helping me a lot. Stopping to think about myself and taking the time to think about others is what gets me up in the morning – it’s completely therapeutic. There’s nothing else in the world that gives me more joy than what I do with Gurls Talk. It’s quite funny that I had to go through such pain, feelings of uneasiness and loss to get to this point in my life. I’m really lucky that I found that light, and found such joy in it. And it feels strange to think about the girl that I used to be, who was so uncomfortable but had to put up a façade and a mask to keep everyone at bay, and make up that I was fine, I was fine, I was fine. So now I try to be as open as possible, I protect myself, but I advocate talking about things, being open and vulnerable and using that as a tool for strength.   Did you ever suffer from racism growing up?   Looking back, probably. It was all under the radar and it is very much like that in Britain, I think. I was in a predominantly white school, so I felt like an outcast for sure, I didn’t feel white enough, and I didn’t feel black enough. I never suffered the kind of outspoken racism that some people have had to deal with, it was always sly. It’s only now that I’m older, looking back, that I have some understanding of it.   How did you feel about taking Gurls Talk to Ghana?   In 2018, I decided I wanted to take Gurls talk to Ghana, and we did it in 2019. It’s so wonderful that my team and I are so much on the same page, we are so dedicated. It was so surreal. Usually I’m a lot more involved in the panels, but this time I just took a back seat and introduced every single panel, and I was obviously there, but I mostly took the time to watch as things happened. And it was so beautiful to see that, as the day went on, people were starting to feel more comfortable. They started putting their hands up, the energy lifted and people started sharing more. And it was beautiful to see that Gurls Talk is needed all over the world, but it doesn’t mean that I’m needed all over the world. I’ll always be there, but what is important when you go to other countries is to give the women who live there a platform to share their messages. It doesn’t have to be me speaking because there are women in these countries who know better. I empathize and I can feel all sorts of emotions, but do I understand what it’s like to be a girl living in Poland, for example? No.     “It takes time to understand that you need to follow your guts and stick to your own plan, your own journey, find out what that journey is. I was lucky to find mine.”       What was the most difficult topic to talk about in Ghana?   Sexual abuse. It happens in schools, in universities and it’s a big taboo, it’s being swept under the carpet, but it’s very prominent. So they spoke about that a lot. That’s when girls were putting their hands up a lot, sharing these horrible stories. They felt safe enough to talk about it, that was the beauty of it. Because these girls really need help, and what they have to go through is constantly being denied.   When did you decide that you wanted to use your voice, that modelling alone was not enough?   When I got better. I mean, recovery is a continuous journey, but… It was kind of accidental telling my story; I was among a group of women who made me comfortable enough to share what was going on in my life. And from then on, it kind of went into the most amazing direction, creating my platform, but I think I’ve always known that modelling wasn’t going to be the only thing I would do. And it’s beautiful that I made them align: since then I’ve been able to team up with brands that really understand what I’m trying to do and understand that my voice is important, that modelling, for me, is not about being an object. And I’ve always known that I wanted to use my voice, I think, although we all get sidetracked growing up, because we see certain people doing certain things. So we start to think, “Maybe I should be at that party, maybe I should hang out with these people.” It takes time to understand that you need to follow your guts and stick to your own plan, your own journey, find out what that journey is. I was lucky to find mine.    I suppose the moment when you decided to shave your head must have been a part of that?   It wasn’t a conscious decision, I didn’t shave my hair in protest, but it was just this kind of feeling of exhaustion at always trying to fit in, always trying to look like someone else, and I was just so bored with it, so I shaved it all off.   You spoke alongside Meghan Markle on International Women’s Day.   It was amazing. She’s amazing! Annie Lennox was there, the former prime minister of New Zealand too… It was amazing to be esteemed as highly as these women who have been advocating for women’s rights and female education for such a long time. You’re also using your voice to support Amika George in the fight against the effects of the U.K. tax on female sanitary products.   Gurls Talk is really supporting Amika George in her fight against period poverty. Thanks to her action, a law was passed to give free sanitary products to all girls at school. She’s the one who did that and she’s only 17.   Are there other issues that you would like to tackle in the future?   I’d like to go further with suicide prevention, moving away from awareness towards action. Maybe it’s about setting up ambassadors in different countries, leaving them with the tools to carry on Gurls talk, setting up a place or a structure where girls can come to be educated on mental health, able to share confidentially in the space we’ve created. There’s so much that I want to do.     “I just think that the younger generations are asking the right questions. They’re not stuck in fear. They’re not stuck in ways that have been ingrained in society.”      You’ve held Gurls talk meetings in many countries – it must be quite a learning curve.   Yes, completely. I’ve learned so much through Gurls Talk about all sorts of communities. Not being fearful, asking myself questions and asking other people questions. My education was quite liberal, we weren’t religious, so talking to all these girls of Catholic upbringing in Poland was really interesting. Also, talking to girls who grew up in very strict African households, in Ghana… In our Gurls Talk events, you never see the same faces, the same body types. It’s so important, because we want to share all kinds of stories, so that people can relate.   How would you characterize the attitude of your generation and those younger than you?   I just think that the younger generations are asking the right questions. They’re not stuck in fear. They’re not stuck in ways that have been ingrained in society. They’re thinking outside the box. They’re calling out things that are inauthentic and not right. They’re doing the right thing, trying to make a difference. That attitude in itself is so amazing and powerful to be around. The girls, and the few men who come to my talks, are bored of just sitting there and doing what is expected of them. That’s what creates so much strength. We’re all looking for a community, because celebrity culture and the pressure of social media are quite terrifying. I’m so lucky, because I have a community now. I probably always had it, but I was completely unaware of it and was stuck in my own head.   Being a famous model, you’re an integral par t of this celebrity world. Would you say you need the Gurls Talk community in order to be able to function in that context?    Oh yeah, 100%. It gives me a new energy, it nurses the soul. Although of course I love the fashion industry, it’s exciting and we’ve come a long way from when I started modelling. Mostly, I’m so lucky because the fashion industry has given me a platform. So for me, it’s obvious that I should use that platform to help others with their message. It’s about learning together. In the contents of May 2019’s “Love” edition of Numéro:     An encounter with superstar model Adwoa Aboah who started the digital platform Gurls Talk, the confessions of Mark Ronson, producer of international smash hits including Uptown Funk with Bruno Mars, an interview with Kim Jones, the new artistic director in charge of menswear at Dior who is giving men’s clothing a radical overhaul, a portrait of the English actress Phoebe Waller-Bridge, who’s also the mischievous author of the TV series Fleabag, a meeting with the artist Tobias Kaspar who hijacks the codes of the cultural industry, the epic musical saga of 6lack, the phlegmatic rapper from Atlanta known for his explorations into melancholic R’n’B, a guided tour of the exhibition A Vision for Painting at the Louis Vuitton Foundation, a tribute to Pino Pascali, one of the pioneers of arte povera, who died tragically at the age of 33, seven projects by the Anglo-Ghanaian architect David Adjaye presented at the Design Museum in London, and fashion shoots by Sofia Sanchez and Mauro Mongiello, Sonia Szóstak, Amanda Charchian, Hugh Lippe and Daisy Walker.     Discover the Numéro “Love” edition of May 2019, available on news stands and on iPad from April 29, 2019.    → Subscribe to Numéro magazine → Subscribe to the iPad Numéro application     In the contents of the April 2019 “Los Angeles” Numéro:   A portrait of French actress Roxane Mesquida starring in the series Now Apocalypse by Gregg Araki, an exclusive interview with the legendary American novelist Bret Easton Ellis who has published his first essay White on the haute couture creations of August Getty, the king of Hollywood glamour, an encounter with American artist  Christina Quarles who paints nude, fragmented bodies, the story of American artist Marilyn Minter who caused a scandal in the 1990s with her Food Porn, the latest nuggets from PAD Paris, Louis Vuitton’s Objets Nomades, our take on Vernon Subutex, the new Canal + series with Romain Duris, and fashion shoots by Billy Kidd, David Black, Hugh Lippe, Sofia Sanchez and Mauro Mongiello and Cameron McCool.    Find April 2019’s “Los Angeles” Numéro, available on newsstands and on the iPad from April 1st 2019.   “Words fail me on how to express what I feel so deeply inside as I hear this shocking news. Nothing could be enough to evoke all the complicity, the tenderness and the love that has united us over so many years. When I met Karl for the first time, during a lunch at the Studio 7L – his favourite place on Paris’ Left Bank, comparable to Andy Warhol’s factory – I was immediately fascinated by this unusual character, so creative, so inspiring, a man of unrivalled wit and repartee. It was twenty years ago, right at the beginning of Numéro, at the dawn of a long collaboration that saw him create, as a photographer, endless haute couture photo shoots for the magazine. Karl was loved by all of his collaborators, who praised his boundless generosity, and have remained faithful to him over time. Ever looking forward, without nostalgia, Karl was scared of nothing. Carried by an exceptional capacity to reinvent himself, he excelled in every domain. During the photo shoots we did together for Numéro, his communicative energy was matched only by his self-will and his self-depreciation. Beyond a fashion designer, Karl was a contemporary icon, and our night time shoots would generate real crowds in the streets of the capital: he was a veritable rock star. In addition to his extraordinary finesse and his incomparable knowledge, his sense of humour was legendary. For years he would called “Madame Babeth” in reference to Madame Claude’s girls! He fine honed the art of laughing everything off, and would always have a kind word for anyone who approached him. I have always admired his extreme modesty, his immense freedom of spirit and emotional intelligence. Karl will live in my heart forever. It is a true friend that I have lost today.”   Babeth   This year, the ladies are appropriating the Lady Dior, that famous accessory gifted by Bernadette Chirac to Lady Diana in 1995 for the opening of the Cézanne exhibition at the Grand Palais. The artistic director of the house of Dior, Maria Grazia Chiuri, gave free reign to 11 women artists from the four corners of the world, to reinvent the legendary bag, transforming its material, its fabric, its colours, its handle and pretty much every detail of this excellent piece. This is the third time Dior has invited artists to metamorphose its flagship piece, and this time around each of the 11 have catapulted the bag into a new dimension.   A symbol of elegance and Parisian glamour, the understated and geometric shape of Lady Dior, now an object of art, inspires artists. The French sculptor, painter, photographer and video-maker, Morgane Tschiember decided to entwine the bag in a cell made from ropes, a direct reference to the Japanese ancestral art of shibari, a sexual practice that involves restricting one or more partners by tying them up with thin ropes: “Shibari is a series of works that I am endlessly developing in art and design,” she explains, “My Lady Dior bag takes on the technique of knots, used by Japanese samurais. They would tie up their enemies with a rope. The system of knots they’d developed meant, in the case of exchanging people, they could leave the enemy far away from them, pull a cord and the all the knots would come undone. The enemy could get away and they could recuperate someone from their clan in exchange.” Model : Mariam de Vinzelle chez Viva Model Management. Hair : Erika Svedjevik chez Linkdetails. Make-up : Josefina Zarmén chez Linkdetails. Assistants realization : Fernando Damasceno et Philippe Emini. Digital : Jonathan Vorsselman. Assistant production : Renaud Morin. Thanks to Pop In, 105, rue Amelot, Paris XIe et à L’Étincelle, 3, rue Saint-Sébastien, Paris XIe . “20 years already... Numéro is a dream come true. To create a magazine, you had to be daring, especially at the dawn of the third millennium. The magic and the human alchemy, delivering a new point of view on fashion and art, opening your doors to young creation, that is what’s guided the steps of this magazine right up to celebrating today’s Numéro 200. But also, the complicity of great names such as Peter Lindbergh and Jean-Baptiste Mondino, who have photographed Irina Shayk, Lexi Boling and Alexandra Micu for this special collector’s edition. Indeed, Numéro is a story of heart and of family, written by all the talented people who have contributed to its pages, with the same passion and the same fervour. This special Numéro is thus an opportunity to pay tribute to everyone who has helped build it. And this is only a beginning that augurs a radiant future. Live your utopias, believe in yourself, laugh and smile at life, that, for me, is what has made Numéro into the success it is. A huge thank-you to everybody.”   Babeth Djian, founder of Numéro magazine         In the contents of February 2019’s Numéro 200:   An encounter with Elle Fanning, one of Hollywood's hottest young talents and the new muse at Miu Miu, a portrait of the singer Willow Smith, the new face of the fragrance Mutiny by Maison Margiela, home in on Charli XCX, the ultimate girl power cash and trash icon, an interview with Camélia Jordana, the militant singer, the confessions of soulgirl Jorja Smith, principal dancer Germain Louvet and the volcanic rapper Tommy Genesis, a meeting with Félix Maritaud, nominee for the Best Male Newcomer César, original creations by couturiers and the artistic directors at the biggest fashion houses in an exclusive portfolio, portraits of Julien Ceccaldi, American Artist, Loucia Carlier and Bonny Poon, contemporary art’s new generation, an exclusive portfolio of works by Claude Lévêque photographed by Philippe Fragnière and fashion shoots by Peter Lindbergh, Sofia Sanchez and Mauro Mongiello, Jean-Baptiste Mondino, Kacper Kasprzyk, Koto Bolofo, Hugh Lippe, Suzie & Léo and Cameron McCool.     Discover the special issue of Numéro, available on news stands and on the iPad from 30th 2018 :   → Subscribe to Numéro magazine → Subscribe to the iPad Numéro       Model : Merel Zoet chez Viva. Hair : Yuji Okuda avec Bumble and bumble chez Agence Saint Germain. Make-up : Min Kim chez The Wall Group. Realization assistant : Tina Dovjak, Timi et Estera. Set : JeanHugues de Chatillon. Digital : Florent-Sinan Brunel. Retouche : DigitArt. Production : Carole Cieutat chez Onirim. Models : Evelyn Nagy chez Oui Management. Emma Saerens chez Supreme Management. Hair : Joseph Pujalte chez Artlist Paris. Make-up : Satoko Watanabe pour M.A.C Cosmetics chez Artlist Paris. Nails : Laura Forget chez Artlist Paris. Assistant realization : Fernando Damasceno.       If you type “Steve Lacy” into the Google search bar, we inevitably come across a more famous namesake: Steve Lacy (1934-2004), saxophonist and composer from New York, and member of a free-jazz group with pianist Cecil Taylor… But the one we’re interested in today comes from Compton, on the other side of the USA, the explosive fiefdom of hip hop’s bad boys. Born in 1998, Steve Lacy is way more sensible though than some of his Californian neighbours. At just 20 years of age, his is the type of precocity that annoys the egos of more established musicians: when he turned 18, he joined the band The Internet, he recently collaborated with Blood Orange on the album Negro Swan (2018), and he’s composed for Solange, Denzel Curry, Ravyn Lenae and the much missed Mac Miller.   On stage, Steve Lacy proudly wears dungarees and tightens the strap of his Fender to the max, so the six strings of the instrument almost seem to make his pectorals vibrate. The attitude speaks volumes, this isn’t a rock star but a soul boy who refuses to sport his guitar low. During concerts performed by his collective, he plays his own compositions, intoning the melodies ofRyd and Dark Red into his tiny microphone, a remnant of the overexcited divas of the early 2000s. A video brings together these two tracks and has already accumulated more than 11 million views on YouTube. In his buttoned-up denim jacket, he sways in a launderette before winding up in the trunk of a car, lit only by the flame of his lighter.    Last June Steve Lacy, dressed in baggy pants and a transparent t-shirt strutted down the catwalk at Virgil Abloh’s resolutely streetwear first show for Louis Vuitton.     If you type “Steve Lacy” into the Google search bar, we inevitably come across a more famous namesake: Steve Lacy (1934-2004), saxophonist and composer from New York, and member of a free-jazz group with pianist Cecil Taylor… But the one we’re interested in today comes from Compton, on the other side of the USA, the explosive fiefdom of hip hop’s bad boys. Born in 1998, Steve Lacy is way more sensible though than some of his Californian neighbours. At just 20 years of age, his is the type of precocity that annoys the egos of more established musicians: when he turned 18, he joined the band The Internet, he recently collaborated with Blood Orange on the album Negro Swan (2018), and he’s composed for Solange, Denzel Curry, Ravyn Lenae and the much missed Mac Miller.   On stage, Steve Lacy proudly wears dungarees and tightens the strap of his Fender to the max, so the six strings of the instrument almost seem to make his pectorals vibrate. The attitude speaks volumes, this isn’t a rock star but a soul boy who refuses to sport his guitar low. During concerts performed by his collective, he plays his own compositions, intoning the melodies ofRyd and Dark Red into his tiny microphone, a remnant of the overexcited divas of the early 2000s. A video brings together these two tracks and has already accumulated more than 11 million views on YouTube. In his buttoned-up denim jacket, he sways in a launderette before winding up in the trunk of a car, lit only by the flame of his lighter.    Last June Steve Lacy, dressed in baggy pants and a transparent t-shirt strutted down the catwalk at Virgil Abloh’s resolutely streetwear first show for Louis Vuitton.   His musical references are those of a young fan of soul and hip hop: queen Erykah Badu and The Neptunes, the duo formed by Chad Hugo and Pharrell Williams in the 1990s. But he also borrows dirty guitar riffs that are so dear to Mac DeMarco. Having DIY-ed his way musically, Steve Lacy fiddles with his iPhone to produce lo-fi tracks, a primitive recording method used by underground composers in the 80s. He seeks a rougher sound as if an ancient radio is playing contemporary music. As he explained at a conference in December 2017, the teenage Steve Lacy endlessly hoped that a MacBook Pro – and the music software that comes with it – would appear under the Christmas tree. He finally got one and tapped like crazy on his QWERTY keyboard as if his fingers were sprinting over the keys of a Steinway. His compositions reached the ears of a certain Kendrick Lamar who then commissioned a track: Steve Lacy is credited on the resounding opus Damn, voted best rap album of the year at the 2018 Grammy Awards.       If you type “Steve Lacy” into the Google search bar, we inevitably come across a more famous namesake: Steve Lacy (1934-2004), saxophonist and composer from New York, and member of a free-jazz group with pianist Cecil Taylor… But the one we’re interested in today comes from Compton, on the other side of the USA, the explosive fiefdom of hip hop’s bad boys. Born in 1998, Steve Lacy is way more sensible though than some of his Californian neighbours. At just 20 years of age, his is the type of precocity that annoys the egos of more established musicians: when he turned 18, he joined the band The Internet, he recently collaborated with Blood Orange on the album Negro Swan (2018), and he’s composed for Solange, Denzel Curry, Ravyn Lenae and the much missed Mac Miller.   On stage, Steve Lacy proudly wears dungarees and tightens the strap of his Fender to the max, so the six strings of the instrument almost seem to make his pectorals vibrate. The attitude speaks volumes, this isn’t a rock star but a soul boy who refuses to sport his guitar low. During concerts performed by his collective, he plays his own compositions, intoning the melodies ofRyd and Dark Red into his tiny microphone, a remnant of the overexcited divas of the early 2000s. A video brings together these two tracks and has already accumulated more than 11 million views on YouTube. In his buttoned-up denim jacket, he sways in a launderette before winding up in the trunk of a car, lit only by the flame of his lighter.    Last June Steve Lacy, dressed in baggy pants and a transparent t-shirt strutted down the catwalk at Virgil Abloh’s resolutely streetwear first show for Louis Vuitton.   His musical references are those of a young fan of soul and hip hop: queen Erykah Badu and The Neptunes, the duo formed by Chad Hugo and Pharrell Williams in the 1990s. But he also borrows dirty guitar riffs that are so dear to Mac DeMarco. Having DIY-ed his way musically, Steve Lacy fiddles with his iPhone to produce lo-fi tracks, a primitive recording method used by underground composers in the 80s. He seeks a rougher sound as if an ancient radio is playing contemporary music. As he explained at a conference in December 2017, the teenage Steve Lacy endlessly hoped that a MacBook Pro – and the music software that comes with it – would appear under the Christmas tree. He finally got one and tapped like crazy on his QWERTY keyboard as if his fingers were sprinting over the keys of a Steinway. His compositions reached the ears of a certain Kendrick Lamar who then commissioned a track: Steve Lacy is credited on the resounding opus Damn, voted best rap album of the year at the 2018 Grammy Awards.       Openly bisexual, the Californian frequently addresses the theme of amorous encounters in his songs. Often his dates end up completely trashed like when he gets run over by a car while riding down the street on a scooter. From the albums Ego Death (2015) and Hive Mind (2018) with The Internet to his Steve Lacy’s Demo of 2017, like most contemporary artists, the musician has no choice but to offer hybrid compositions: soul with G-funk influences, a hip hop sub-genre from the West Coast. But the efficiency of his tunes resides in his attitude…   Last June, Steve Lacy put down his guitar and strutted down the catwalk. In the gardens of the Palais Royal, all eyes were on Virgil Abloh’s resolutely streetwear first collection for Louis Vuitton whose introductory looks were all white. Seated in the front row Rihanna and Kanye West watched on while Kid Cudi, rapper Playboi Carti and the young Steve Lacy walked the runway, the latter wearing baggy pants and a transparent t-shirt, complete with his crayon-thin moustache and tattoos reminding us, that even if he knows how to hold himself now, he still straight outta Compton.  Nicknamed the “fashion architect” for the strength of his structures and the exaggeration of volumes he conferred upon his creations, Italian designer Gianfranco Ferré was the fourth designer to head up Dior between 1989 and 1996. He started at the house of Dior five years after the brand had entered Bernard Arnault’s stable. Gianfranco Ferré had some prestigious shoes to fill following in the footsteps of Christian Dior himself (1947-1957), Yves Saint Laurent (1958-1960) and Marc Bohan (1961-1989). Through a series of new books dedicated to each of its designers, Dior is looking back at this brilliant saga, deepening each of these periods marked by such different artistic impetus each time. For its fourth volume, Dior celebrates the incredible creations of Gianfranco Ferré, who modestly liked to call himself the ‘dressmaker’ of the house.   Written by fashion journalist Alexander Fury (Financial Times, Another Magazine) and illustrated with the splendid photos of Laziz Hamani, this book reveals the most minute creative details as well as the splendour of the dresses and ornaments imagined by Gianfranco Ferré. From the short Venice dress, embroidered with beads and rhinestones, made for haute couture fall-winter 1991 to the sumptuous Elixir dress in pleated fuchsia tulle for haute couture fall-winter 1996, it’s nothing short of breath taking.   In total, some 15 collections resume the impression made at the house of Dior during the Gianfranco Ferré era. The artistic director, for whom, “couture is the most most perfect personal expression of a designer’s creativity” introduced a breath of fresh air and romanticism, imagining silhouettes all in curves, flowers swathing the necklines and he even created the now legendary Lady Dior handbag, the ultimate symbol of elegance which since then has never stopped being reinvented.   Dior by Gianfranco Ferré will be available at Assouline publications from December 15th in Europe and January 15th in the USA.  Since launching the label that bears his name in 2012, Craig Green has established himself as one of the most innovative and exciting menswear designers of his generation. In just a few years his vocabulary that aligns art sculptures and a wardrobe rooted in the traditions of functionality and workwear, has achieved veritable cult status. From his vast and recently acquired studio, near London City Airport, the British designer and his team of 11 people work daily on developing his brand, which today includes a line of basics, Craig Green Core and a denim line. From Fall-Winter 2017, Moncler started calling on the services of the young prodigy for Moncler x Craig Green capsule collections. Last February during women’s Fashion Week in Milan, the down jacket specialist presented its new Genius project, eight collections designed by a handpicked selection of artistic directors and stylists, destined to be sold at a monthly rhythm. Craig Green was of course one of the lucky ones. Between futuristic astronaut suits and soft samurai armour, his experimental Sci-Fi influenced propositions have delighted the public. The man behind the collection tells us more.     Numéro Homme: Before going into fashion, you were originally doing sculpture and painting. How did this secondary vocation come to you? Craig Green: At school, I excelled in art lessons. I loved making objects. I think that comes from the fact that various members of my family are artisans: my dad is a plumber, and my uncle a carpenter. At the weekends to earn a bit of money, I would help them out. I spent my childhood surrounded by materials and making objects. So, it felt normal for me to try and get into art school. I thought I’d become a sculptor or painter. At the time, I’d never heard of Central Saint Martins, but a friend of mine told me they offered the best teaching in those fields. The first year is a general course which lets you have a go a lots of different disciplines. So, I had a go at fashion.  Since launching the label that bears his name in 2012, Craig Green has established himself as one of the most innovative and exciting menswear designers of his generation. In just a few years his vocabulary that aligns art sculptures and a wardrobe rooted in the traditions of functionality and workwear, has achieved veritable cult status. From his vast and recently acquired studio, near London City Airport, the British designer and his team of 11 people work daily on developing his brand, which today includes a line of basics, Craig Green Core and a denim line. From Fall-Winter 2017, Moncler started calling on the services of the young prodigy for Moncler x Craig Green capsule collections. Last February during women’s Fashion Week in Milan, the down jacket specialist presented its new Genius project, eight collections designed by a handpicked selection of artistic directors and stylists, destined to be sold at a monthly rhythm. Craig Green was of course one of the lucky ones. Between futuristic astronaut suits and soft samurai armour, his experimental Sci-Fi influenced propositions have delighted the public. The man behind the collection tells us more.     Numéro Homme: Before going into fashion, you were originally doing sculpture and painting. How did this secondary vocation come to you? Craig Green: At school, I excelled in art lessons. I loved making objects. I think that comes from the fact that various members of my family are artisans: my dad is a plumber, and my uncle a carpenter. At the weekends to earn a bit of money, I would help them out. I spent my childhood surrounded by materials and making objects. So, it felt normal for me to try and get into art school. I thought I’d become a sculptor or painter. At the time, I’d never heard of Central Saint Martins, but a friend of mine told me they offered the best teaching in those fields. The first year is a general course which lets you have a go a lots of different disciplines. So, I had a go at fashion.    And what was it about this discipline that seduced you into changing direction? The fashion students were the first ones to get to college and the last ones to leave. Their studio was always full of people and they shared the same social life, they all went out together after lessons. I instantly liked this feeling of belonging to a community. On the art course, the studio was empty, everyone worked at home according to their own timetable. I got swept up with this excitement that came out of fashion. That’s how I ended up changing courses, very empirically. I just wanted to try out this direction, it seemed right at the time. Back then I knew absolutely nothing about fashion, no designer’s names, I’d never even bought a fashion magazine. I learned as I went along.   Where does your love for uniforms come from, it always features in your collections? When I was a student, every day I wore an old deliveryman jacket [a classic in American workwear]. I always saw my parents wear uniforms and I like this idea of clothes demonstrating a belonging to a community. The collection I showed for my masters explored the relationship between professional dress and liturgical clothing. Workwear has functionality requirements, while liturgical dress expresses the idea of spirituality in a symbolic way, but there are quite a lot of similarities in their construction: the simplified shape, clothes which often come as one size only. Then I realised, about a year after launching my brand, that my work is founded on the uniform and community clothing. Which comes directly from my family roots and my own personal existence. Since launching the label that bears his name in 2012, Craig Green has established himself as one of the most innovative and exciting menswear designers of his generation. In just a few years his vocabulary that aligns art sculptures and a wardrobe rooted in the traditions of functionality and workwear, has achieved veritable cult status. From his vast and recently acquired studio, near London City Airport, the British designer and his team of 11 people work daily on developing his brand, which today includes a line of basics, Craig Green Core and a denim line. From Fall-Winter 2017, Moncler started calling on the services of the young prodigy for Moncler x Craig Green capsule collections. Last February during women’s Fashion Week in Milan, the down jacket specialist presented its new Genius project, eight collections designed by a handpicked selection of artistic directors and stylists, destined to be sold at a monthly rhythm. Craig Green was of course one of the lucky ones. Between futuristic astronaut suits and soft samurai armour, his experimental Sci-Fi influenced propositions have delighted the public. The man behind the collection tells us more.     Numéro Homme: Before going into fashion, you were originally doing sculpture and painting. How did this secondary vocation come to you? Craig Green: At school, I excelled in art lessons. I loved making objects. I think that comes from the fact that various members of my family are artisans: my dad is a plumber, and my uncle a carpenter. At the weekends to earn a bit of money, I would help them out. I spent my childhood surrounded by materials and making objects. So, it felt normal for me to try and get into art school. I thought I’d become a sculptor or painter. At the time, I’d never heard of Central Saint Martins, but a friend of mine told me they offered the best teaching in those fields. The first year is a general course which lets you have a go a lots of different disciplines. So, I had a go at fashion.    And what was it about this discipline that seduced you into changing direction? The fashion students were the first ones to get to college and the last ones to leave. Their studio was always full of people and they shared the same social life, they all went out together after lessons. I instantly liked this feeling of belonging to a community. On the art course, the studio was empty, everyone worked at home according to their own timetable. I got swept up with this excitement that came out of fashion. That’s how I ended up changing courses, very empirically. I just wanted to try out this direction, it seemed right at the time. Back then I knew absolutely nothing about fashion, no designer’s names, I’d never even bought a fashion magazine. I learned as I went along.   Where does your love for uniforms come from, it always features in your collections? When I was a student, every day I wore an old deliveryman jacket [a classic in American workwear]. I always saw my parents wear uniforms and I like this idea of clothes demonstrating a belonging to a community. The collection I showed for my masters explored the relationship between professional dress and liturgical clothing. Workwear has functionality requirements, while liturgical dress expresses the idea of spirituality in a symbolic way, but there are quite a lot of similarities in their construction: the simplified shape, clothes which often come as one size only. Then I realised, about a year after launching my brand, that my work is founded on the uniform and community clothing. Which comes directly from my family roots and my own personal existence. How do you conceptualise the tension that exists in your collections between the inspiration drawn from uniforms and the unbridled experimental creativity of some of your garments? From the very beginning, I’ve cultivated a tension between my most extreme offerings and the more accessible and functional pieces. Mainly because I think it’s very important to make stuff you can dream about with spectacular runway shows. When I was still a student at Central Saint Martins, one of my friends managed to get two invites for a fashion show, and they asked me to go along. The energy was amazing. I remember watching the show thinking how crazy it was to provoke such powerful emotions just by getting models to walk up and down to music for a few minutes. My heart was pounding, the energy in the room was maxing out. I think it was at that moment I decided to become a fashion designer. That’s why some of my looks can seem extreme, because I think that if I’m asking an audience to come and see me then I need to give them a good show. But even those most extreme looks play with functionalism: some elements of the garments do serve a purpose, others are purely decorative. One of our classic jackets is adjustable at the waist by pulling on cords that hang down. On other pieces the cords and the links don’t do anything. It’s this game around the notion of functionality that characterises all of my collections. Since launching the label that bears his name in 2012, Craig Green has established himself as one of the most innovative and exciting menswear designers of his generation. In just a few years his vocabulary that aligns art sculptures and a wardrobe rooted in the traditions of functionality and workwear, has achieved veritable cult status. From his vast and recently acquired studio, near London City Airport, the British designer and his team of 11 people work daily on developing his brand, which today includes a line of basics, Craig Green Core and a denim line. From Fall-Winter 2017, Moncler started calling on the services of the young prodigy for Moncler x Craig Green capsule collections. Last February during women’s Fashion Week in Milan, the down jacket specialist presented its new Genius project, eight collections designed by a handpicked selection of artistic directors and stylists, destined to be sold at a monthly rhythm. Craig Green was of course one of the lucky ones. Between futuristic astronaut suits and soft samurai armour, his experimental Sci-Fi influenced propositions have delighted the public. The man behind the collection tells us more.     Numéro Homme: Before going into fashion, you were originally doing sculpture and painting. How did this secondary vocation come to you? Craig Green: At school, I excelled in art lessons. I loved making objects. I think that comes from the fact that various members of my family are artisans: my dad is a plumber, and my uncle a carpenter. At the weekends to earn a bit of money, I would help them out. I spent my childhood surrounded by materials and making objects. So, it felt normal for me to try and get into art school. I thought I’d become a sculptor or painter. At the time, I’d never heard of Central Saint Martins, but a friend of mine told me they offered the best teaching in those fields. The first year is a general course which lets you have a go a lots of different disciplines. So, I had a go at fashion.    And what was it about this discipline that seduced you into changing direction? The fashion students were the first ones to get to college and the last ones to leave. Their studio was always full of people and they shared the same social life, they all went out together after lessons. I instantly liked this feeling of belonging to a community. On the art course, the studio was empty, everyone worked at home according to their own timetable. I got swept up with this excitement that came out of fashion. That’s how I ended up changing courses, very empirically. I just wanted to try out this direction, it seemed right at the time. Back then I knew absolutely nothing about fashion, no designer’s names, I’d never even bought a fashion magazine. I learned as I went along.   Where does your love for uniforms come from, it always features in your collections? When I was a student, every day I wore an old deliveryman jacket [a classic in American workwear]. I always saw my parents wear uniforms and I like this idea of clothes demonstrating a belonging to a community. The collection I showed for my masters explored the relationship between professional dress and liturgical clothing. Workwear has functionality requirements, while liturgical dress expresses the idea of spirituality in a symbolic way, but there are quite a lot of similarities in their construction: the simplified shape, clothes which often come as one size only. Then I realised, about a year after launching my brand, that my work is founded on the uniform and community clothing. Which comes directly from my family roots and my own personal existence. How do you conceptualise the tension that exists in your collections between the inspiration drawn from uniforms and the unbridled experimental creativity of some of your garments? From the very beginning, I’ve cultivated a tension between my most extreme offerings and the more accessible and functional pieces. Mainly because I think it’s very important to make stuff you can dream about with spectacular runway shows. When I was still a student at Central Saint Martins, one of my friends managed to get two invites for a fashion show, and they asked me to go along. The energy was amazing. I remember watching the show thinking how crazy it was to provoke such powerful emotions just by getting models to walk up and down to music for a few minutes. My heart was pounding, the energy in the room was maxing out. I think it was at that moment I decided to become a fashion designer. That’s why some of my looks can seem extreme, because I think that if I’m asking an audience to come and see me then I need to give them a good show. But even those most extreme looks play with functionalism: some elements of the garments do serve a purpose, others are purely decorative. One of our classic jackets is adjustable at the waist by pulling on cords that hang down. On other pieces the cords and the links don’t do anything. It’s this game around the notion of functionality that characterises all of my collections. You talk about liturgical clothing and spirituality. Does your fashion translate into an ethical conscience? It translates, more or less, as a pretty romantic idea around the power of uniform. I wore a school uniform and at the time, like all teenagers, I found it oppressive. But when I look back now, I think it was actually quite magnificent. There was one day every term when you could wear your own clothes. That day the rich kids wore cool sneakers and branded clothes, while the poorer kids didn’t have any of that. Instead of judging people by their characters, we judged everyone according to their social level. Maybe that’s where this romantic vision of uniform comes from, as a positive element in our society. In ‘real’ life, we rarely see people wearing the same clothes in the street, nuns maybe or mechanics. Not everyone wears a suit to work in an office anymore. Even sub-cultures are less visible. So, the presence of uniform has become something rarefied.     “The starting point for this collection was to create pieces that resembled rafts: you could jump off a burning ship wearing one these down jackets and float in the sea. I wanted to play with the idea of protection.”     You’ve been collaborating with Moncler for two years now. What does your style and that of the Italian brand have in common? The Moncler identity lies with the notions of protection and functionality, two notions that are also present in my own work. I approach each one of my collections for Moncler by thinking about certain themes. I also like the fact that the brand is known for a core product, ie the down jacket. This jacket is very light, functional but also part of an urban uniform.     Since launching the label that bears his name in 2012, Craig Green has established himself as one of the most innovative and exciting menswear designers of his generation. In just a few years his vocabulary that aligns art sculptures and a wardrobe rooted in the traditions of functionality and workwear, has achieved veritable cult status. From his vast and recently acquired studio, near London City Airport, the British designer and his team of 11 people work daily on developing his brand, which today includes a line of basics, Craig Green Core and a denim line. From Fall-Winter 2017, Moncler started calling on the services of the young prodigy for Moncler x Craig Green capsule collections. Last February during women’s Fashion Week in Milan, the down jacket specialist presented its new Genius project, eight collections designed by a handpicked selection of artistic directors and stylists, destined to be sold at a monthly rhythm. Craig Green was of course one of the lucky ones. Between futuristic astronaut suits and soft samurai armour, his experimental Sci-Fi influenced propositions have delighted the public. The man behind the collection tells us more.     Numéro Homme: Before going into fashion, you were originally doing sculpture and painting. How did this secondary vocation come to you? Craig Green: At school, I excelled in art lessons. I loved making objects. I think that comes from the fact that various members of my family are artisans: my dad is a plumber, and my uncle a carpenter. At the weekends to earn a bit of money, I would help them out. I spent my childhood surrounded by materials and making objects. So, it felt normal for me to try and get into art school. I thought I’d become a sculptor or painter. At the time, I’d never heard of Central Saint Martins, but a friend of mine told me they offered the best teaching in those fields. The first year is a general course which lets you have a go a lots of different disciplines. So, I had a go at fashion.    And what was it about this discipline that seduced you into changing direction? The fashion students were the first ones to get to college and the last ones to leave. Their studio was always full of people and they shared the same social life, they all went out together after lessons. I instantly liked this feeling of belonging to a community. On the art course, the studio was empty, everyone worked at home according to their own timetable. I got swept up with this excitement that came out of fashion. That’s how I ended up changing courses, very empirically. I just wanted to try out this direction, it seemed right at the time. Back then I knew absolutely nothing about fashion, no designer’s names, I’d never even bought a fashion magazine. I learned as I went along.   Where does your love for uniforms come from, it always features in your collections? When I was a student, every day I wore an old deliveryman jacket [a classic in American workwear]. I always saw my parents wear uniforms and I like this idea of clothes demonstrating a belonging to a community. The collection I showed for my masters explored the relationship between professional dress and liturgical clothing. Workwear has functionality requirements, while liturgical dress expresses the idea of spirituality in a symbolic way, but there are quite a lot of similarities in their construction: the simplified shape, clothes which often come as one size only. Then I realised, about a year after launching my brand, that my work is founded on the uniform and community clothing. Which comes directly from my family roots and my own personal existence. How do you conceptualise the tension that exists in your collections between the inspiration drawn from uniforms and the unbridled experimental creativity of some of your garments? From the very beginning, I’ve cultivated a tension between my most extreme offerings and the more accessible and functional pieces. Mainly because I think it’s very important to make stuff you can dream about with spectacular runway shows. When I was still a student at Central Saint Martins, one of my friends managed to get two invites for a fashion show, and they asked me to go along. The energy was amazing. I remember watching the show thinking how crazy it was to provoke such powerful emotions just by getting models to walk up and down to music for a few minutes. My heart was pounding, the energy in the room was maxing out. I think it was at that moment I decided to become a fashion designer. That’s why some of my looks can seem extreme, because I think that if I’m asking an audience to come and see me then I need to give them a good show. But even those most extreme looks play with functionalism: some elements of the garments do serve a purpose, others are purely decorative. One of our classic jackets is adjustable at the waist by pulling on cords that hang down. On other pieces the cords and the links don’t do anything. It’s this game around the notion of functionality that characterises all of my collections. You talk about liturgical clothing and spirituality. Does your fashion translate into an ethical conscience? It translates, more or less, as a pretty romantic idea around the power of uniform. I wore a school uniform and at the time, like all teenagers, I found it oppressive. But when I look back now, I think it was actually quite magnificent. There was one day every term when you could wear your own clothes. That day the rich kids wore cool sneakers and branded clothes, while the poorer kids didn’t have any of that. Instead of judging people by their characters, we judged everyone according to their social level. Maybe that’s where this romantic vision of uniform comes from, as a positive element in our society. In ‘real’ life, we rarely see people wearing the same clothes in the street, nuns maybe or mechanics. Not everyone wears a suit to work in an office anymore. Even sub-cultures are less visible. So, the presence of uniform has become something rarefied.     “The starting point for this collection was to create pieces that resembled rafts: you could jump off a burning ship wearing one these down jackets and float in the sea. I wanted to play with the idea of protection.”     You’ve been collaborating with Moncler for two years now. What does your style and that of the Italian brand have in common? The Moncler identity lies with the notions of protection and functionality, two notions that are also present in my own work. I approach each one of my collections for Moncler by thinking about certain themes. I also like the fact that the brand is known for a core product, ie the down jacket. This jacket is very light, functional but also part of an urban uniform.       Would we be correct in thinking that your collection for Moncler Genius has a Japanese influence, like soft samurai armour? The starting point for this collection was to create pieces that resembled rafts: you could jump off a burning ship wearing one these down jackets and float in the sea. I wanted to play with the idea of protection. I like the sculptural dimension of the Moncler down jacket, that joins up with the sculptures I’ve produced for my own shows. That’s where this idea of soft armour came from. Almost like you’re layering on life jackets and life belts. The pieces comes with a flexible tube, like the ones you get on a life jacket. I’ve been collaborating with Moncler since 2017. For this Genius project collection, Remo Ruffini, the CEO at Moncler asked me not to hold back, to make the most extreme pieces possible. Working with someone who encourages weirdness is both rare and precious.  World's fashion top talents have been honored Monday, December 10, at the 2018 Fashion Awards ceremony hosted at the London's Royal Albert Hall. Valentino artistic director Pierpaolo Piccioli have been crowned "Best Designer of the Year", Off-White founder Virgil Abloh have been awarded in the category "Urban Luxe" while Dior Homme artistic director Kim Jones won the 2018 Precursor Award. In total, 15 coveted fashion industry awards from fashion models, musicians, and celebrities hailed innovation and artistic creativity.   See the full list of winners bellow:      Brand of the Year: Gucci     Designer of the Year: Pierpaolo Piccioli for Valentino     Outstanding Achievement: Miuccia Prada     2018 Trailblazer: Kim Jones      Accessories Designer of the Year: Demna Gvasalia for Balenciaga      Urban Luxe: Virgil Abloh for Off-White     British Designer of the Year Menswear: Craig Green for CRAIG GREEN      British Designer of the Year Womenswear: Clare Waight Keller for Givenchy     British Emerging Talent Menswear: Samuel Ross for A-COLD-WALL*     British Emerging Talent Womenswear: Richard Quinn      Business Leader: Marco Bizzarri for Gucci     Swarovski Award for Positive Change: Dame Vivienne Westwood      Special Recognition Award for Innovation: Parley for the Oceans      Isabella Blow Award for Fashion Creator: Mert & Marcus     Model of the Year: Kaia Gerber Production assistant: Léa Zetlaoui. Hairstyle: Yolette Bouchar @yolettebouchar @yoletteboucharhairstylist for @sebastianprofr from @Artlist. Makeup: Emilie Nssoga @emilie.makeupyourmind for @narsissist from @Artlist. Special thanks to Julot Bandit and Gabriel Boyer. Special thanks to Studio des Acacias.   Numéro: You’ll be pleased to know that I haven’t actually planned this interview, so I’ll spare you all those ignominious questions that I could have asked you. Haider Ackermann : [Laughs]   So, what do you want to talk about? At this time of the day, not much.   Yes, by the way, why this morning rendezvous on the avenue Trudaine? Are you detoxing and only drinking green tea now? Or have you just left an afterparty at Mec Zone [a gay club located near the meeting point]? [Laughs] You’re outrageous! Next question. Contrary to what you suspect, I love mornings, I love getting up very early.   Really ? Yes really! I get up, I read the papers…   … Admit it, you want to do Pilates, you’re literally running to the gym! Sometimes. But what I like best is walking through the deserted streets at dawn, enjoying these delicious moments, these precious instants.   So, how come you’ve got the body of a goddess and you’re not always down the gym? Must I remind you I have good genes… they’reColombian.   You’re part of a very closed club of sexy designers. Are you not beset by hoards of yapping bloggers the moment you step outside? Absolutely not. I don’t think I’m part of this famous club you allude to. Designers from the new generation are much prettier than me.   “The Instagram phenomena is incredibly dull, especially when people take it all too seriously. But what is really worrying is that today, in order to be respected, a designer needs mega numbers on Instagram.”   So, what do you do to have so many followers on Instagram? What do you think? I don’t have that many, hardly any really, no, I really don’t have that many! If you follow me on Instagram you should know that already. And if you take a look at accounts belonging to my colleagues, you’ll see that in terms of subscribers, I’m nowhere near them.     What do you think about the Instagram phenomena? It’s incredibly dull, especially when people take it all too seriously. But what’s really worrying is that today, in order to be respected, a designer needs mega numbers on Instagram.   I was strongly advised to use this interview to talk to you about your last collection… You were there, weren’t you?   No, I’d gone out the night before. [Laughs.] You’re terrible!   Numéro: You’ll be pleased to know that I haven’t actually planned this interview, so I’ll spare you all those ignominious questions that I could have asked you. Haider Ackermann : [Laughs]   So, what do you want to talk about? At this time of the day, not much.   Yes, by the way, why this morning rendezvous on the avenue Trudaine? Are you detoxing and only drinking green tea now? Or have you just left an afterparty at Mec Zone [a gay club located near the meeting point]? [Laughs] You’re outrageous! Next question. Contrary to what you suspect, I love mornings, I love getting up very early.   Really ? Yes really! I get up, I read the papers…   … Admit it, you want to do Pilates, you’re literally running to the gym! Sometimes. But what I like best is walking through the deserted streets at dawn, enjoying these delicious moments, these precious instants.   So, how come you’ve got the body of a goddess and you’re not always down the gym? Must I remind you I have good genes… they’reColombian.   You’re part of a very closed club of sexy designers. Are you not beset by hoards of yapping bloggers the moment you step outside? Absolutely not. I don’t think I’m part of this famous club you allude to. Designers from the new generation are much prettier than me.   “The Instagram phenomena is incredibly dull, especially when people take it all too seriously. But what is really worrying is that today, in order to be respected, a designer needs mega numbers on Instagram.”   So, what do you do to have so many followers on Instagram? What do you think? I don’t have that many, hardly any really, no, I really don’t have that many! If you follow me on Instagram you should know that already. And if you take a look at accounts belonging to my colleagues, you’ll see that in terms of subscribers, I’m nowhere near them.     What do you think about the Instagram phenomena? It’s incredibly dull, especially when people take it all too seriously. But what’s really worrying is that today, in order to be respected, a designer needs mega numbers on Instagram.   I was strongly advised to use this interview to talk to you about your last collection… You were there, weren’t you?   No, I’d gone out the night before. [Laughs.] You’re terrible!   Why did you decide to show your men’s and women’s collections at the same time? Is it because of financial concerns, and doing one show per season instead of two reduces the costs? I have always wanted to show men’s and women’s wear in the same runway show, ever since I launched the brand in 2001. But it just so happens that, up until recently, some people – I won’t name names – weren’t in agreement. Personally, I really like this exchange, this moment of sharing between men and women. They experience a love story, they lend and borrow each other’s clothing, it’s as simple as that. There’s no financial calculations involved.   This blurring of the boundaries between the male-female archetypes has always been an integral part of your brand’s DNA, in the same way as the casual architecture of your silhouettes and your sharp eye for colour, which for some people puts you in line of the master Yves Saint Laurent… Enough! [Laughs] You're too much. In my eyes, the men’s suit serves to exacerbate the femininity of women.   What is your starting point when you draw a collection? Music. For the last show, for example, I was inspired by the track I’m Your Man by Leonard Cohen. Which was good because in the room, there was indeed someone to whom this message was addressed.   Can we know who? And please don’t say Tilda Swinton. No. In the audience, there was someone who really means a lot to me and I wanted to convey this message of love that was the collection.   And this love, how long has it been going on for, are we allowed to know? Since last night at the Mec Zone! [Laughs.] I’m joking.    “Music is my starting point when I design a collection. For the last show, for example, I was inspired by the track I’m Your Man by Leonard Cohen. Which was good because in the room, there was indeed someone to whom this message was addressed.”     Is love important to you? Ever since I’ve known you, you’ve always been in a couple… and not always the same one. I come to life when I’m in love. For me it’s the moment when everything makes sense. I fear getting lost in solitude – as beautiful as it is.   Does your brand belong to the Belgian financier Anne Chapelle? My brand doesn’t belong to her, no, she has her name on my licence…   What’s the difference? I keep my name, I am still the owner of my name.   LVMH, Kering, Richemont… over the seventeen years of your career, which luxury groups have come knocking on your door hoping to buy up your brand? …   What’s missing in your life? You have already have love, glory and beauty? The comfort of work. When you’re a small house like ours, you do everything yourself and you really do work like a little soldier. That said, recently I had an amazing professional experience [as artistic director of Berluti, from September 2016 to March 2018] with more means and more comfort. That allowed me to blossom in my work and to better convey my creative discourse to the public.   “I come to life when I’m in love. For me, it’s the moment when everything makes sense. I fear getting lost in solitude.”   What questions most annoy you in an interview? Anything to do with my childhood and the fact I was adopted. It’s such a private subject, so sensitive for my family and I that for me it’s obvious I wouldn’t want to talk about it in the press.   And your seasonal inspirations, doesn’t that always get on your nerves? Yes. In fact, you just did it yourself.   So, in short, you’re not going to tell us anything else about your most recent boyfriend? No.   Are you coming to my wedding on December 15th? Of course. Every declaration of love is beautiful, even coming from you. Models : Sunniva Vaatevik chez Viva Model Management. McKenna Hellam chez IMG Models. Hair : Pasquale Ferrante chez The Wall Group. Make-up : Tyron Machhausen chez The Wall Group. Set : Jesse Kaufmann chez Frank Reps. Realization Assistant : Christopher De La Cruz. Digital : Carles B. Arnan. Retouche : Hempstead May. Production : County Fair Productions.    A 12-meter high aluminium female robot dominated the Dior Homme 2019 pre-fall runway show on November 30th in Tokyo. Made by the Japanese artist Hajime Sorayama, this impressive statue echoes the celebration of femininity that made couturier Christian Dior famous. In this futuristic décor, the metallic silhouette was bathed in luminous green, violet, midnight blue and cherry blossom pink spotlights.   Beyond the scenography, Sorayama also helped reinvent the brand’s logo with the initials CD becoming more graphic and iridescent. The artist also inspired certain accessories in this pre-collection. His influence was particularly noticeable with Kim Jones’ choices of themes and use of certain brilliant and lustrous materials. Indeed, Sorayama’s robotic and industrial imprint formed a common thread throughout this menswear collection with countless metallic effects. His work also made an impression on the jewellery (necklaces, rings, chains with nuts), baseball caps that appear to be made of steel and not forgetting the Saddle bag, now available in a polished metal version. Surreal pieces that align Sorayama’s imagination with Kim Jones’ visionary spirit and razor sharp sense of detail.     Models: Sora Choi from Marilyn Agency. Manami Kinoshita from MP Management Paris. Chiharu Okunugi from Oui Management. Hairstyle: Brent Lawler for R+Co from Streeters. Makeup: Dotti from Statement Artists Agency. Production assistant: Brian Paulson. Production: Gwendolyn Anderson from Walter Schupfer Management.  Mannequin : Signe Veiteberg chez Viva. Coiffure : Mette Thorsgaard chez LundLund. Maquillage : Trine Skjøth chez LundLund. Assistant réalisation : Clément Lomellini. Retouche : Wetouch Imagework. Production : Camera Link. Models: Jamily Meurer from Supreme Management. Alyssa Traoré from IMG Models. Noah Luis Brown from New Madison. Production assistant: Fernando Damasceno. Hairstyle: Olivier Schawalder from Calliste Agency. Makaup: Karin Westerlund from Artlist Paris. Set: Éli Serres. Production: Iconoclast image. Like a veritable chameleon, the photographer Juno Calypso has been slipping into the skins of different characters since the beginning of her career. After completing her studies at the London College of Communication, the 29-year old artist became “Joyce”, a fictional character with whom she did a series of romantic self-portraits. Juno Calypso is interested in solitude, desire and femininity. Hers is an ultra-pop glamourous and seductive imagery with its roots in the pink-hued pin-up world of the 1960s. Her honeymoon series was recompensed with the British Journal of Photography prize. In her latest series What to do With A Million Years, Juno Calypso took her photos in a manor house imbued with the spirit of 1970s Las Vegas, a place where she feels protected and far from the bad vibes terrorising the world today.     Creativity and daring is the order of the day with the artist’s new Christmas campaign for Burberry. “I wanted to depict a realistic Christmas, but one that’s carried by a fantastical imagery. The campaign brings the end of year rituals to life. Good and not so good, it’s what brings us together during this period,” explains Juno Calypso. It’s a slightly bonkers British end of year that reflects the artist’s early inspirations drawn from American visual artist Jeff Koons. The photographer has produced a powerful series surfing a retro chic style. Model Naomi Campbell and her mother Valerie Morris-Campbell, actress Kristin Scott Thomas, rapper and activist M.I.A and the actor Matt Smith all strike a pose in familiar mise-en-scenes around a festive table, or in slightly more banal and solitary situations, on a bus, in a living room or a cheap restaurant. Model: Nuage Lepage from Viva Paris. Hairstyle: Dylan Chavles. Makeup: Rie Omoto from See Management. Manicure: Chelsea King from Celestine Agency. Production assistant: Sophie Houdré. Digital: Alexandre Marillat. Production: Peter McClafferty.   Sequinned jackets, waxed loafers and white socks, and even military jackets… Among the iconic pieces worn by Michael Jackson, we all remember the immaculate white suit, seen on the cover of Thriller in 1982, one of the highest selling albums of all time. With its dandy allure, the king of pop’s timeless get-up made by Hugo Boss is now available once more. The German label is re-releasing the iconic white suit in a limited edition run of 100 numbered issues to coincide with the exhibition, Michael Jackson : On the Wall, running from November 23rdthrough to February 14th 2019 at the Grand Palais.   To complete this ultra-limited collection, Hugo Boss has also created three unisex cotton t-shirts with a sleek understated design: black and white pieces featuring silhouettes or portraits of the singer. To make these t-shirts, the house collaborated with  British artist Graham Dolphin, well-known for his reconstructions of public shrines made by fans as memorials to dead rock stars. Graham Dolphin pays particular attention to the Thriller album cover integrating declarations made by die-hard Michael fans.    The collection will be available in a selection of HUGO BOSS boutiques from mid-November 2018.      The album cover for “Thriller” by Michael Jackson   Model: Kirstin Liljegren from Women Management. Hairstyle: Jean-Baptiste Santens from Capsule Agence. Makeup: Min Kim with Glossier products from The Wall Group. Production assistant: Charlotte Faucon. Light and digital: Matthieu Espinoza. Production: Artsphere. Thanks to Location Rétro Mariage.    In the contents of November 2018’s “Voyage” edition of Numéro:     An encounter with Tilda Swinton, the heroine of Luca Guadagnino’s Suspiria, an interview with Haider Ackermann, the designer with a standing ovation at Paris Fashion Week, the confessions of Neneh Cherry, back with her new album Broken Politics, the ceramics of Japanese artist Natsuko Uchino, the spiders webs of Tomás Saraceno at the Palais de Tokyo, the new full-length feature movie by Claire Denis, High Life, starring Robert Pattinson and Juliette Binoche, the spectacular pieces by the house of fine watchmaking Audemars Piguet, the New York hang-outs of Yves Saint Laurent’s new muse for the fragrance Black Opium, Zoë Kravitz, as well as fashion shoots by Sofia Sanchez and Mauro Mongiello, Hans Feurer, Koto Bolofo, Laurie Bartley and Robbie Lawrence.   Model: Dakota Lohan from IMG Models. Olajuwon Anderson from Heroes Model Management. Luka Isaac from Kate Moss Agency. Justus Zela. Photo assistant: Michael Chui. Production assistant: Florentin Glémarec. Makeup: Justus Zela. Production assistant: Alborz Rezapoor. Montage: Pierre Loubat. She’s like a character from a John Waters movie    “It costs a lot of money to look this cheap.” Like the imaginary lovechild of Jayne Mansfield and Mae West, whose uncle could be called Elton John, Dolly Parton has cultivated an image of excessive and explosive femininity. Glamourous, kitsch, white trash, sexy, the blond bimbo has always bordered on the sublime, the vulgar and the ridiculous. She’s never denied her plastic surgery, claiming if people say she looks happy then it must down to the Botox. She’s stayed loyal to her country gal pin-up wardrobe that has become as famous as her songs. And it was undoubtedly this luminescent panoply that inspired Alessandro Michele for his spring 2019 collection in denim, candy pink and glitter. This legendary look was created by Dolly after seeing a prostitute in the village where she grew up. A fan of drag-queens, she confirms she once lost a Dolly Parton look-alike drag contest. Seeming to constantly play a role and willingly mock herself, the singer is a precursor to the madness of Kanye West, transforming her life into a performance. This love of staging herself reached its climax in 1986 when she bought a theme park in Tennessee that she renamed Dollywood. Her very own Hollywood, just like Elvis’s Graceland and Michael Jackson’s Neverland. Adding to the legend Dolly the sheep, the first ever cloned mammal was apparently named after the singer’s generous chest, with the cloning having taken place in Scotland using mammary gland cells. You couldn’t make it up… She’s like a character from a John Waters movie    “It costs a lot of money to look this cheap.” Like the imaginary lovechild of Jayne Mansfield and Mae West, whose uncle could be called Elton John, Dolly Parton has cultivated an image of excessive and explosive femininity. Glamourous, kitsch, white trash, sexy, the blond bimbo has always bordered on the sublime, the vulgar and the ridiculous. She’s never denied her plastic surgery, claiming if people say she looks happy then it must down to the Botox. She’s stayed loyal to her country gal pin-up wardrobe that has become as famous as her songs. And it was undoubtedly this luminescent panoply that inspired Alessandro Michele for his spring 2019 collection in denim, candy pink and glitter. This legendary look was created by Dolly after seeing a prostitute in the village where she grew up. A fan of drag-queens, she confirms she once lost a Dolly Parton look-alike drag contest. Seeming to constantly play a role and willingly mock herself, the singer is a precursor to the madness of Kanye West, transforming her life into a performance. This love of staging herself reached its climax in 1986 when she bought a theme park in Tennessee that she renamed Dollywood. Her very own Hollywood, just like Elvis’s Graceland and Michael Jackson’s Neverland. Adding to the legend Dolly the sheep, the first ever cloned mammal was apparently named after the singer’s generous chest, with the cloning having taken place in Scotland using mammary gland cells. You couldn’t make it up… She’s a slasher of many talents    The queen of country music with 100 million albums sold and 3000 songs to her name is best known for her voice with hits like Dumb blonde (1967), I Will Always Love You  (a 1974 hit she refused to give Elvis but that immortalised Whitney Houston in 1992), and the sublime Jolene (1973), the hymn of a betrayed woman with its lesbian undertones that was covered by the White Stripes and remixed by Todd Terje. A superstar in her chosen domain, Miley Cyrus’ godmother even said no to Peter Gabrielle when he asked her to duet with him on Don't Give Up and had to give it to Kate Bush instead. But Dolly is also a song writer and composer, a multi-instrumentalist, script writer, producer, writer (the logical continuation of her sense of repartee) and actress. At the movies she's loved for her roles in 9 to 5 (1980) alongside Jane Fonda and Steel Magnolias (1989) with Sally Field as well as her musical contribution to Transamerica (2006), nominated at the Oscars. Her next adventure on screen? A mini-series for Netflix planned for 2019 which she’ll be producing, composing for as well as acting and singing in. She’s like a character from a John Waters movie    “It costs a lot of money to look this cheap.” Like the imaginary lovechild of Jayne Mansfield and Mae West, whose uncle could be called Elton John, Dolly Parton has cultivated an image of excessive and explosive femininity. Glamourous, kitsch, white trash, sexy, the blond bimbo has always bordered on the sublime, the vulgar and the ridiculous. She’s never denied her plastic surgery, claiming if people say she looks happy then it must down to the Botox. She’s stayed loyal to her country gal pin-up wardrobe that has become as famous as her songs. And it was undoubtedly this luminescent panoply that inspired Alessandro Michele for his spring 2019 collection in denim, candy pink and glitter. This legendary look was created by Dolly after seeing a prostitute in the village where she grew up. A fan of drag-queens, she confirms she once lost a Dolly Parton look-alike drag contest. Seeming to constantly play a role and willingly mock herself, the singer is a precursor to the madness of Kanye West, transforming her life into a performance. This love of staging herself reached its climax in 1986 when she bought a theme park in Tennessee that she renamed Dollywood. Her very own Hollywood, just like Elvis’s Graceland and Michael Jackson’s Neverland. Adding to the legend Dolly the sheep, the first ever cloned mammal was apparently named after the singer’s generous chest, with the cloning having taken place in Scotland using mammary gland cells. You couldn’t make it up… She’s a slasher of many talents    The queen of country music with 100 million albums sold and 3000 songs to her name is best known for her voice with hits like Dumb blonde (1967), I Will Always Love You  (a 1974 hit she refused to give Elvis but that immortalised Whitney Houston in 1992), and the sublime Jolene (1973), the hymn of a betrayed woman with its lesbian undertones that was covered by the White Stripes and remixed by Todd Terje. A superstar in her chosen domain, Miley Cyrus’ godmother even said no to Peter Gabrielle when he asked her to duet with him on Don't Give Up and had to give it to Kate Bush instead. But Dolly is also a song writer and composer, a multi-instrumentalist, script writer, producer, writer (the logical continuation of her sense of repartee) and actress. At the movies she's loved for her roles in 9 to 5 (1980) alongside Jane Fonda and Steel Magnolias (1989) with Sally Field as well as her musical contribution to Transamerica (2006), nominated at the Oscars. Her next adventure on screen? A mini-series for Netflix planned for 2019 which she’ll be producing, composing for as well as acting and singing in. She’s come a long way     “If you don’t like the road you’re walking, start paving another one.”  Which is exactly what Dolly Rebecca Parton did, her background a million miles from the rhinestones and sequins. But as she likes to say, “if you want the rainbow, you gotta put up with the rain’. Born on January 19th 1946 in Sevierville, a one-horse town in Tennessee, into a family of 12 children with a carpenter father, she had the will of a titan to talk to the stars. Growing up in desperate poverty in a little wooden house with five kids to a bed, there were a few distractions apart from an unerring maternal love. The family outings to the church where she would sing from the age of 6, and the guitar she fashioned herself age 7 to sing along with the radio. As a teenager she sought out the man in black himself, Johnny Cash, who told her to follow her intuition. At 18 she listened to him and went to Nashville, the capital of country music, where not long after the glory years came. But she never forgot her roots, evoking in her songs her memories of the farm and spending millions on recreating the wooden home of her childhood. Marked for life by the destitution of her rural past, she has worked for the most noble causes. Since 1990 she’s been part of a library project offering books to children. She raises money for AIDS charities and campaigns for PETA. Her commitment to LGBT causes earned her the wrath of the KKK. Yes indeed, behind her polished country Barbie veneer, Dolly Parton hides an authenticity and a heart as big as the diamonds encrusted on her shimmering jumpsuits. She’s like a character from a John Waters movie    “It costs a lot of money to look this cheap.” Like the imaginary lovechild of Jayne Mansfield and Mae West, whose uncle could be called Elton John, Dolly Parton has cultivated an image of excessive and explosive femininity. Glamourous, kitsch, white trash, sexy, the blond bimbo has always bordered on the sublime, the vulgar and the ridiculous. She’s never denied her plastic surgery, claiming if people say she looks happy then it must down to the Botox. She’s stayed loyal to her country gal pin-up wardrobe that has become as famous as her songs. And it was undoubtedly this luminescent panoply that inspired Alessandro Michele for his spring 2019 collection in denim, candy pink and glitter. This legendary look was created by Dolly after seeing a prostitute in the village where she grew up. A fan of drag-queens, she confirms she once lost a Dolly Parton look-alike drag contest. Seeming to constantly play a role and willingly mock herself, the singer is a precursor to the madness of Kanye West, transforming her life into a performance. This love of staging herself reached its climax in 1986 when she bought a theme park in Tennessee that she renamed Dollywood. Her very own Hollywood, just like Elvis’s Graceland and Michael Jackson’s Neverland. Adding to the legend Dolly the sheep, the first ever cloned mammal was apparently named after the singer’s generous chest, with the cloning having taken place in Scotland using mammary gland cells. You couldn’t make it up… She’s a slasher of many talents    The queen of country music with 100 million albums sold and 3000 songs to her name is best known for her voice with hits like Dumb blonde (1967), I Will Always Love You  (a 1974 hit she refused to give Elvis but that immortalised Whitney Houston in 1992), and the sublime Jolene (1973), the hymn of a betrayed woman with its lesbian undertones that was covered by the White Stripes and remixed by Todd Terje. A superstar in her chosen domain, Miley Cyrus’ godmother even said no to Peter Gabrielle when he asked her to duet with him on Don't Give Up and had to give it to Kate Bush instead. But Dolly is also a song writer and composer, a multi-instrumentalist, script writer, producer, writer (the logical continuation of her sense of repartee) and actress. At the movies she's loved for her roles in 9 to 5 (1980) alongside Jane Fonda and Steel Magnolias (1989) with Sally Field as well as her musical contribution to Transamerica (2006), nominated at the Oscars. Her next adventure on screen? A mini-series for Netflix planned for 2019 which she’ll be producing, composing for as well as acting and singing in. She’s come a long way     “If you don’t like the road you’re walking, start paving another one.”  Which is exactly what Dolly Rebecca Parton did, her background a million miles from the rhinestones and sequins. But as she likes to say, “if you want the rainbow, you gotta put up with the rain’. Born on January 19th 1946 in Sevierville, a one-horse town in Tennessee, into a family of 12 children with a carpenter father, she had the will of a titan to talk to the stars. Growing up in desperate poverty in a little wooden house with five kids to a bed, there were a few distractions apart from an unerring maternal love. The family outings to the church where she would sing from the age of 6, and the guitar she fashioned herself age 7 to sing along with the radio. As a teenager she sought out the man in black himself, Johnny Cash, who told her to follow her intuition. At 18 she listened to him and went to Nashville, the capital of country music, where not long after the glory years came. But she never forgot her roots, evoking in her songs her memories of the farm and spending millions on recreating the wooden home of her childhood. Marked for life by the destitution of her rural past, she has worked for the most noble causes. Since 1990 she’s been part of a library project offering books to children. She raises money for AIDS charities and campaigns for PETA. Her commitment to LGBT causes earned her the wrath of the KKK. Yes indeed, behind her polished country Barbie veneer, Dolly Parton hides an authenticity and a heart as big as the diamonds encrusted on her shimmering jumpsuits. 5 unforgettable Dolly Parton quotes:   • “When I was with Andy Warhol, I thought, ‘God, his wig looks cheaper than mine’”   • “I'm not offended by all the dumb blonde jokes because I know I'm not dumb... and I also know that I'm not blond.”   • “I was the first woman to burn my bra - it took the fire department four days to put it out.”   • “ My weaknesses have always been food and men - in that order.”   •  "It's hard to be a diamond in a rhinestone world.” Model: Rachel Marx from Supreme Management. Hairstyle: Seb Bascle from Calliste Agency. Makeup: Marie Duhart from Calliste Agency. Production assistant: Sophie Houdré. Choreographer: Michael John Harper. Dancers: Sema Tawi et Valentin Chargy from Sport Models. Thomas Gréaux, Amine Messaoudi et Nicolas Huchard. Digital: Sarah Reimann from DigitArt. Retouch: postproduction by Studio Private (studioprivate.co.uk). Casting directors: Oliver Ress et Alexandre Junior Cyprien from Creartvt. Production: Management + Artists.  Model: Abbey Lee and Jamie Bochert from Next Models. Hairstyle: Nabil Harlow from Balmain Hair Couture. Makeup: Tom Pecheux for Yves Saint Laurent Beauté from Calliste Agency. Production assistant: Camille-Joséphine Teisseire, Fernando Damasceno and Sophie Houdré. Digital: Dope Paris. Retouch: Janvier. Production: Iconoclast image.     The first time I met Jennifer Lawrence, in London at the beginning of the 2010s, she’d just been nominated for the first time for an Oscar, for her role in Debra Granik’s indie hit Winter’s Bone, in the best actress category. She was 20 and had fire in her eyes. It wouldn’t be until three years later that she finally won the statuette, in David O. Russell’s Happiness Therapy, a deep and stylish romantic comedy in which she starred opposite Bradley Cooper. But already, in this luxury London hotel overrun by a horde of ordinarily blasé journalists, you could feel a sort of tension in the air, as if those present had the vague feeling that they were meeting something other than just the sensation of the year, in actual fact an actress who was destined for a career that would be quite out of the ordinary. She was funny, intelligent, moving, a little bit reserved, but sure of her worth.    Eight years later, Lawrence has more than fulfilled those expectations. With four Oscar nominations to her credit, she has become the youngest woman to be nominated that many times in the best actress category. For several years now she has been the most highly paid actress in Hollywood, according to Forbes magazine, and her films have made over $5 billion worldwide. That’s what’s called mastering your domain and ruling supreme. Something that no actress has managed for such a protracted period since Julia Roberts.     She imposed her own tempo on each film by effortlessly promulgating her way of being, striking home every time with her intensity and her ability to play youth enlivened with just a dash of ageless wisdom.     Like the star of Pretty Woman, Lawrence has something of that all-American magic found in girls who hail from neither the city nor the coasts, but who grew up in the sunshine of the prairies. Lawrence was born in Kentucky, land of bluegrass and cheerleaders – and, indeed, she was a member of a cheerleading squad in high school. While she has never set out to deny her origins on the border of the Midwest and the Deep South, she knew early on, for ambition’s sake, that she’d have to leave her homeland pretty quickly. And at just 14, while on holiday in New York, she was spotted in the street by a talent scout who set her up with potential agents. So began a period in which Lawrence did everything to maximize her chances, to the point of giving up on regular schooling. She also adamantly refused to work as a model. So what was it that drove her? A desire, she has explained in interviews, to reconnect with childhood sensations. She recalls that when she was a kid, acting in front of her family or in school plays was a way of banishing anxiety and getting back her self confidence. And it’s perhaps that which makes her so engaging today – this unchanging joy in acting, her simple and natural way of transforming every set she finds herself on into a place of freedom.     "There are several women I consider role models. Professionally, I was lucky enough to work with Jodie Foster when I was about 18. She gave me valuable advice on life as well as my career. She’s smart and solid with her feet on the ground. Jodie was a real role model for me."     The challenge was not easy. Early on, Lawrence began, with the suppleness of a cat, to alternate indie productions and blockbusters until she was capable of just about anything. All without disorienting her fans – a rare talent. In 2011, Matthew Vaughn’s X-Men: First Class made her a global star in the role of Mystique, a mutant who can change form and appearance – the perfect metaphor for an actress. The Hunger Games tetralogy, in which she played Katniss Everdeen, a rebellious teenager, proved she was capable of the leading-lady role in a movie franchise whose financial stakes were colossal. These films also charted Lawrence’s progress towards the summits, showing a young woman who was ever more sure of herself and of her choices. But at the same time one could find her being directed by Jodie Foster in The Beaver, starring in one of the only contemporary romantic comedies that can truly be taken seriously – Happiness Therapy –, and playing the heroine in a black-comedy crime movie set in the 70s which became an immediate classic, American Hustle. On each occasion, Lawrence  was herself; better yet, she imposed her own tempo on each film by effortlessly promulgating her way of being, striking home every time with her intensity and her ability to play youth enlivened with just a dash of ageless wisdom. The first time I met Jennifer Lawrence, in London at the beginning of the 2010s, she’d just been nominated for the first time for an Oscar, for her role in Debra Granik’s indie hit Winter’s Bone, in the best actress category. She was 20 and had fire in her eyes. It wouldn’t be until three years later that she finally won the statuette, in David O. Russell’s Happiness Therapy, a deep and stylish romantic comedy in which she starred opposite Bradley Cooper. But already, in this luxury London hotel overrun by a horde of ordinarily blasé journalists, you could feel a sort of tension in the air, as if those present had the vague feeling that they were meeting something other than just the sensation of the year, in actual fact an actress who was destined for a career that would be quite out of the ordinary. She was funny, intelligent, moving, a little bit reserved, but sure of her worth.    Eight years later, Lawrence has more than fulfilled those expectations. With four Oscar nominations to her credit, she has become the youngest woman to be nominated that many times in the best actress category. For several years now she has been the most highly paid actress in Hollywood, according to Forbes magazine, and her films have made over $5 billion worldwide. That’s what’s called mastering your domain and ruling supreme. Something that no actress has managed for such a protracted period since Julia Roberts.     She imposed her own tempo on each film by effortlessly promulgating her way of being, striking home every time with her intensity and her ability to play youth enlivened with just a dash of ageless wisdom.     Like the star of Pretty Woman, Lawrence has something of that all-American magic found in girls who hail from neither the city nor the coasts, but who grew up in the sunshine of the prairies. Lawrence was born in Kentucky, land of bluegrass and cheerleaders – and, indeed, she was a member of a cheerleading squad in high school. While she has never set out to deny her origins on the border of the Midwest and the Deep South, she knew early on, for ambition’s sake, that she’d have to leave her homeland pretty quickly. And at just 14, while on holiday in New York, she was spotted in the street by a talent scout who set her up with potential agents. So began a period in which Lawrence did everything to maximize her chances, to the point of giving up on regular schooling. She also adamantly refused to work as a model. So what was it that drove her? A desire, she has explained in interviews, to reconnect with childhood sensations. She recalls that when she was a kid, acting in front of her family or in school plays was a way of banishing anxiety and getting back her self confidence. And it’s perhaps that which makes her so engaging today – this unchanging joy in acting, her simple and natural way of transforming every set she finds herself on into a place of freedom.     "There are several women I consider role models. Professionally, I was lucky enough to work with Jodie Foster when I was about 18. She gave me valuable advice on life as well as my career. She’s smart and solid with her feet on the ground. Jodie was a real role model for me."     The challenge was not easy. Early on, Lawrence began, with the suppleness of a cat, to alternate indie productions and blockbusters until she was capable of just about anything. All without disorienting her fans – a rare talent. In 2011, Matthew Vaughn’s X-Men: First Class made her a global star in the role of Mystique, a mutant who can change form and appearance – the perfect metaphor for an actress. The Hunger Games tetralogy, in which she played Katniss Everdeen, a rebellious teenager, proved she was capable of the leading-lady role in a movie franchise whose financial stakes were colossal. These films also charted Lawrence’s progress towards the summits, showing a young woman who was ever more sure of herself and of her choices. But at the same time one could find her being directed by Jodie Foster in The Beaver, starring in one of the only contemporary romantic comedies that can truly be taken seriously – Happiness Therapy –, and playing the heroine in a black-comedy crime movie set in the 70s which became an immediate classic, American Hustle. On each occasion, Lawrence  was herself; better yet, she imposed her own tempo on each film by effortlessly promulgating her way of being, striking home every time with her intensity and her ability to play youth enlivened with just a dash of ageless wisdom. For this reason, describing Lawrence as a “young actress” doesn’t make much sense, and probably never did. As a result, her subsequent career has been just as exciting as her beginnings. In the short directed by Francis Lawrence (no relation) to accompany the global release of Dior’s perfume Joy – of which Jennifer is the face – she radiates, in just a few leg movements in a Beverly Hills pool, an aura of eternal Hollywood glamour; she’s a woman of 2018 who could have been a star in just about any era, an incarnation of the contemporary who is never hindered by the present. “Francis and I have been working together for many years, notably on Hunger Games and Red Sparrow. Because he knows me very well, he was able to incorporate several aspects of my personality into the film. We tried more to catch emotions than to tell a linear story. It was as fun as it was exciting to work together in this way, in what was an entirely new approach for us.”     “I’m devoting time to RepresentUs, which I’ve joined, and whose goal is to encourage people to get involved in politics. RepresentUs is the biggest anticorruption campaign in the U.S."   Over the past few years, Lawrence has changed, and not only because life has made of her the most desirable actress of her times. Eager to rest, she has taken more time to reflect on her commitments, one of which is feminism, a nobrainer in the context of #TimesUp, which she publicly supported in early 2018. “I see myself as a strong woman who holds the reins of her life. There are several women I consider role models. Professionally, I was lucky enough to work with Jodie Foster when I was about 18. She gave me valuable advice on life as well as my career. She’s smart and solid with her feet on the ground. Jodie was a real role model for me. And of course there were my friends, my mother and my family.” Lawrence likes the simple life (“What makes me happy? My dog Pippi, my friends and reading”), but there is a constant openness in her to passion; her favourite book, she says, is Tolstoy’s tragic novel Anna Karenina, certain chapters of which she’s “read again and again…”   Since Donald Trump’s election as president of the USA, Lawrence has developed a taste for urgent political activism via a bipartisan organization which is fighting for an overhaul of American democracy: “I’m devoting time to RepresentUs, which I’ve joined, and whose goal is to encourage people to get involved in politics. RepresentUs is the biggest anticorruption campaign in the U.S. acting at a local level, and it unites conservatives, progressives and all those in between. Our goal is to repair the American political system which today is broken by corruption. We circumvent Congress by getting anticorruption laws passed at state and city level. These laws protect our communities and help create a dynamic for future national reform.” So, before the release of the next episode of X-Men, in February 2019, Lawrence clearly has her work cut out in realms beyond those of the sound stage and the studio. But Planet Cinema is still waiting for her, and her alone.   Numéro: It took you three years and an army of assistants to create The Clock. What was this experience like? Christian Marclay: The process was long and difficult. We watched thousands of films, extracting passages that showed the time and storing them according to the minutes shown in a computer. We then had to find connections between each scene which were totally disconnected to edit them together. Every time we wove an interesting link, there was this rush of adrenalin and a palpable excitement in the studio. Then we had to start all over again for the next section. It was those little moments of chronological satisfaction that kept us going, when a section seemed to tell a story that we had completely invented. It was a monumental challenge and there were times when I thought we’d never get to the end.     There is no resolution in the narrative, which could be frustrating. And yet The Clock has been round the world, often with sold out shows. How do you explain the reaction to this work? It’s true that the spectator has no means of knowing what will follow, nor can they anticipate the action. It could be frustrating for them, yes! In fact, I was surprised by how much time people spend in front of the work. Some set themselves a real marathon session, trying to see as much as possible in one go. Lots of art works require several visits to be truly understood, and in my opinion,  those are the ones that most deserve our attention. There is no mystery with The Clock, but everyone leaves with a different experience, whether they are a movie buff or a straightforward spectator. Every visit is a surprise.   Numéro: It took you three years and an army of assistants to create The Clock. What was this experience like? Christian Marclay: The process was long and difficult. We watched thousands of films, extracting passages that showed the time and storing them according to the minutes shown in a computer. We then had to find connections between each scene which were totally disconnected to edit them together. Every time we wove an interesting link, there was this rush of adrenalin and a palpable excitement in the studio. Then we had to start all over again for the next section. It was those little moments of chronological satisfaction that kept us going, when a section seemed to tell a story that we had completely invented. It was a monumental challenge and there were times when I thought we’d never get to the end.     There is no resolution in the narrative, which could be frustrating. And yet The Clock has been round the world, often with sold out shows. How do you explain the reaction to this work? It’s true that the spectator has no means of knowing what will follow, nor can they anticipate the action. It could be frustrating for them, yes! In fact, I was surprised by how much time people spend in front of the work. Some set themselves a real marathon session, trying to see as much as possible in one go. Lots of art works require several visits to be truly understood, and in my opinion,  those are the ones that most deserve our attention. There is no mystery with The Clock, but everyone leaves with a different experience, whether they are a movie buff or a straightforward spectator. Every visit is a surprise.   Ultimately the scenes that were the hardest to edit are those that are least seen, between one and five in the morning. Most people will never see the whole film, and even you haven’t seen it in in its entirety since the editing… I would have liked the work to be visible for 24 hours a day, but the logistics and the costs were just crippling. There are several all-night sessions at the Tate Modern, which is already pretty cool! It was obviously out of the question to show the off-peak hours at another time. The work must be seen in real time. That’s not a technical caprice, but because the scenes tell different stories according to the time, like in real life. At night there are lots of dream and fantasy scenes. The viewer is also probably tired and trying not to fall asleep. He could drift off and wake up in the middle of a nightmare scene for example, he might rub his eyes and fall asleep with an actor doing the same thing on the screen. It creates a real link between the work and the spectator, a bit like a communion… which wouldn’t be possible with the same scene at 10 in the morning.   After having seen so many films, do you confirm that midnight is crime time? It’s certainly the passage I saw the most! I used midnight as the reference point for the sound, because it is the time when the most crazy things seem to happen. I’ve seen so many very different scenes over the hundred years of cinema, all extremely rich. Showing midnight is a powerful cinematic act in itself. It’s that strange atmosphere that I try to relay with The Clock. That’s why I never lend the work, not even to researchers. It only makes sense in the context of a complete installation. To see it you have to go to the Tate Modern, the Pompidou Centre or the Israel Museum in Jerusalem, who have bought a copy together. I am very aware of limiting the diffusion of my work, but it’s a bit like a Rubik’s Cube… everything is linked, there’s no point in having just one bit of it!   The Clock by Christian Marclay is at the Tate Modern until January 20th 2019. All-nighters on October 6th and November 3rd 2018.   She’s like a character from a John Waters movie    “It costs a lot of money to look this cheap.” Like the imaginary lovechild of Jayne Mansfield and Mae West, whose uncle could be called Elton John, Dolly Parton has cultivated an image of excessive and explosive femininity. Glamourous, kitsch, white trash, sexy, the blond bimbo has always bordered on the sublime, the vulgar and the ridiculous. She’s never denied her plastic surgery, claiming if people say she looks happy then it must down to the Botox. She’s stayed loyal to her country gal pin-up wardrobe that has become as famous as her songs. And it was undoubtedly this luminescent panoply that inspired Alessandro Michele for his spring 2019 collection in denim, candy pink and glitter. This legendary look was created by Dolly after seeing a prostitute in the village where she grew up. A fan of drag-queens, she confirms she once lost a Dolly Parton look-alike drag contest. Seeming to constantly play a role and willingly mock herself, the singer is a precursor to the madness of Kanye West, transforming her life into a performance. This love of staging herself reached its climax in 1986 when she bought a theme park in Tennessee that she renamed Dollywood. Her very own Hollywood, just like Elvis’s Graceland and Michael Jackson’s Neverland. Adding to the legend Dolly the sheep, the first ever cloned mammal was apparently named after the singer’s generous chest, with the cloning having taken place in Scotland using mammary gland cells. You couldn’t make it up… She’s like a character from a John Waters movie    “It costs a lot of money to look this cheap.” Like the imaginary lovechild of Jayne Mansfield and Mae West, whose uncle could be called Elton John, Dolly Parton has cultivated an image of excessive and explosive femininity. Glamourous, kitsch, white trash, sexy, the blond bimbo has always bordered on the sublime, the vulgar and the ridiculous. She’s never denied her plastic surgery, claiming if people say she looks happy then it must down to the Botox. She’s stayed loyal to her country gal pin-up wardrobe that has become as famous as her songs. And it was undoubtedly this luminescent panoply that inspired Alessandro Michele for his spring 2019 collection in denim, candy pink and glitter. This legendary look was created by Dolly after seeing a prostitute in the village where she grew up. A fan of drag-queens, she confirms she once lost a Dolly Parton look-alike drag contest. Seeming to constantly play a role and willingly mock herself, the singer is a precursor to the madness of Kanye West, transforming her life into a performance. This love of staging herself reached its climax in 1986 when she bought a theme park in Tennessee that she renamed Dollywood. Her very own Hollywood, just like Elvis’s Graceland and Michael Jackson’s Neverland. Adding to the legend Dolly the sheep, the first ever cloned mammal was apparently named after the singer’s generous chest, with the cloning having taken place in Scotland using mammary gland cells. You couldn’t make it up… She’s a slasher of many talents    The queen of country music with 100 million albums sold and 3000 songs to her name is best known for her voice with hits like Dumb blonde (1967), I Will Always Love You  (a 1974 hit she refused to give Elvis but that immortalised Whitney Houston in 1992), and the sublime Jolene (1973), the hymn of a betrayed woman with its lesbian undertones that was covered by the White Stripes and remixed by Todd Terje. A superstar in her chosen domain, Miley Cyrus’ godmother even said no to Peter Gabrielle when he asked her to duet with him on Don't Give Up and had to give it to Kate Bush instead. But Dolly is also a song writer and composer, a multi-instrumentalist, script writer, producer, writer (the logical continuation of her sense of repartee) and actress. At the movies she's loved for her roles in 9 to 5 (1980) alongside Jane Fonda and Steel Magnolias (1989) with Sally Field as well as her musical contribution to Transamerica (2006), nominated at the Oscars. Her next adventure on screen? A mini-series for Netflix planned for 2019 which she’ll be producing, composing for as well as acting and singing in. She’s like a character from a John Waters movie    “It costs a lot of money to look this cheap.” Like the imaginary lovechild of Jayne Mansfield and Mae West, whose uncle could be called Elton John, Dolly Parton has cultivated an image of excessive and explosive femininity. Glamourous, kitsch, white trash, sexy, the blond bimbo has always bordered on the sublime, the vulgar and the ridiculous. She’s never denied her plastic surgery, claiming if people say she looks happy then it must down to the Botox. She’s stayed loyal to her country gal pin-up wardrobe that has become as famous as her songs. And it was undoubtedly this luminescent panoply that inspired Alessandro Michele for his spring 2019 collection in denim, candy pink and glitter. This legendary look was created by Dolly after seeing a prostitute in the village where she grew up. A fan of drag-queens, she confirms she once lost a Dolly Parton look-alike drag contest. Seeming to constantly play a role and willingly mock herself, the singer is a precursor to the madness of Kanye West, transforming her life into a performance. This love of staging herself reached its climax in 1986 when she bought a theme park in Tennessee that she renamed Dollywood. Her very own Hollywood, just like Elvis’s Graceland and Michael Jackson’s Neverland. Adding to the legend Dolly the sheep, the first ever cloned mammal was apparently named after the singer’s generous chest, with the cloning having taken place in Scotland using mammary gland cells. You couldn’t make it up… She’s a slasher of many talents    The queen of country music with 100 million albums sold and 3000 songs to her name is best known for her voice with hits like Dumb blonde (1967), I Will Always Love You  (a 1974 hit she refused to give Elvis but that immortalised Whitney Houston in 1992), and the sublime Jolene (1973), the hymn of a betrayed woman with its lesbian undertones that was covered by the White Stripes and remixed by Todd Terje. A superstar in her chosen domain, Miley Cyrus’ godmother even said no to Peter Gabrielle when he asked her to duet with him on Don't Give Up and had to give it to Kate Bush instead. But Dolly is also a song writer and composer, a multi-instrumentalist, script writer, producer, writer (the logical continuation of her sense of repartee) and actress. At the movies she's loved for her roles in 9 to 5 (1980) alongside Jane Fonda and Steel Magnolias (1989) with Sally Field as well as her musical contribution to Transamerica (2006), nominated at the Oscars. Her next adventure on screen? A mini-series for Netflix planned for 2019 which she’ll be producing, composing for as well as acting and singing in. She’s come a long way     “If you don’t like the road you’re walking, start paving another one.”  Which is exactly what Dolly Rebecca Parton did, her background a million miles from the rhinestones and sequins. But as she likes to say, “if you want the rainbow, you gotta put up with the rain’. Born on January 19th 1946 in Sevierville, a one-horse town in Tennessee, into a family of 12 children with a carpenter father, she had the will of a titan to talk to the stars. Growing up in desperate poverty in a little wooden house with five kids to a bed, there were a few distractions apart from an unerring maternal love. The family outings to the church where she would sing from the age of 6, and the guitar she fashioned herself age 7 to sing along with the radio. As a teenager she sought out the man in black himself, Johnny Cash, who told her to follow her intuition. At 18 she listened to him and went to Nashville, the capital of country music, where not long after the glory years came. But she never forgot her roots, evoking in her songs her memories of the farm and spending millions on recreating the wooden home of her childhood. Marked for life by the destitution of her rural past, she has worked for the most noble causes. Since 1990 she’s been part of a library project offering books to children. She raises money for AIDS charities and campaigns for PETA. Her commitment to LGBT causes earned her the wrath of the KKK. Yes indeed, behind her polished country Barbie veneer, Dolly Parton hides an authenticity and a heart as big as the diamonds encrusted on her shimmering jumpsuits. She’s like a character from a John Waters movie    “It costs a lot of money to look this cheap.” Like the imaginary lovechild of Jayne Mansfield and Mae West, whose uncle could be called Elton John, Dolly Parton has cultivated an image of excessive and explosive femininity. Glamourous, kitsch, white trash, sexy, the blond bimbo has always bordered on the sublime, the vulgar and the ridiculous. She’s never denied her plastic surgery, claiming if people say she looks happy then it must down to the Botox. She’s stayed loyal to her country gal pin-up wardrobe that has become as famous as her songs. And it was undoubtedly this luminescent panoply that inspired Alessandro Michele for his spring 2019 collection in denim, candy pink and glitter. This legendary look was created by Dolly after seeing a prostitute in the village where she grew up. A fan of drag-queens, she confirms she once lost a Dolly Parton look-alike drag contest. Seeming to constantly play a role and willingly mock herself, the singer is a precursor to the madness of Kanye West, transforming her life into a performance. This love of staging herself reached its climax in 1986 when she bought a theme park in Tennessee that she renamed Dollywood. Her very own Hollywood, just like Elvis’s Graceland and Michael Jackson’s Neverland. Adding to the legend Dolly the sheep, the first ever cloned mammal was apparently named after the singer’s generous chest, with the cloning having taken place in Scotland using mammary gland cells. You couldn’t make it up… She’s a slasher of many talents    The queen of country music with 100 million albums sold and 3000 songs to her name is best known for her voice with hits like Dumb blonde (1967), I Will Always Love You  (a 1974 hit she refused to give Elvis but that immortalised Whitney Houston in 1992), and the sublime Jolene (1973), the hymn of a betrayed woman with its lesbian undertones that was covered by the White Stripes and remixed by Todd Terje. A superstar in her chosen domain, Miley Cyrus’ godmother even said no to Peter Gabrielle when he asked her to duet with him on Don't Give Up and had to give it to Kate Bush instead. But Dolly is also a song writer and composer, a multi-instrumentalist, script writer, producer, writer (the logical continuation of her sense of repartee) and actress. At the movies she's loved for her roles in 9 to 5 (1980) alongside Jane Fonda and Steel Magnolias (1989) with Sally Field as well as her musical contribution to Transamerica (2006), nominated at the Oscars. Her next adventure on screen? A mini-series for Netflix planned for 2019 which she’ll be producing, composing for as well as acting and singing in. She’s come a long way     “If you don’t like the road you’re walking, start paving another one.”  Which is exactly what Dolly Rebecca Parton did, her background a million miles from the rhinestones and sequins. But as she likes to say, “if you want the rainbow, you gotta put up with the rain’. Born on January 19th 1946 in Sevierville, a one-horse town in Tennessee, into a family of 12 children with a carpenter father, she had the will of a titan to talk to the stars. Growing up in desperate poverty in a little wooden house with five kids to a bed, there were a few distractions apart from an unerring maternal love. The family outings to the church where she would sing from the age of 6, and the guitar she fashioned herself age 7 to sing along with the radio. As a teenager she sought out the man in black himself, Johnny Cash, who told her to follow her intuition. At 18 she listened to him and went to Nashville, the capital of country music, where not long after the glory years came. But she never forgot her roots, evoking in her songs her memories of the farm and spending millions on recreating the wooden home of her childhood. Marked for life by the destitution of her rural past, she has worked for the most noble causes. Since 1990 she’s been part of a library project offering books to children. She raises money for AIDS charities and campaigns for PETA. Her commitment to LGBT causes earned her the wrath of the KKK. Yes indeed, behind her polished country Barbie veneer, Dolly Parton hides an authenticity and a heart as big as the diamonds encrusted on her shimmering jumpsuits. 5 unforgettable Dolly Parton quotes:   • “When I was with Andy Warhol, I thought, ‘God, his wig looks cheaper than mine’”   • “I'm not offended by all the dumb blonde jokes because I know I'm not dumb... and I also know that I'm not blond.”   • “I was the first woman to burn my bra - it took the fire department four days to put it out.”   • “ My weaknesses have always been food and men - in that order.”   •  "It's hard to be a diamond in a rhinestone world.” Model: Rachel Marx from Supreme Management. Hairstyle: Seb Bascle from Calliste Agency. Makeup: Marie Duhart from Calliste Agency. Production assistant: Sophie Houdré. Choreographer: Michael John Harper. Dancers: Sema Tawi et Valentin Chargy from Sport Models. Thomas Gréaux, Amine Messaoudi et Nicolas Huchard. Digital: Sarah Reimann from DigitArt. Retouch: postproduction by Studio Private (studioprivate.co.uk). Casting directors: Oliver Ress et Alexandre Junior Cyprien from Creartvt. Production: Management + Artists.  Model: Abbey Lee and Jamie Bochert from Next Models. Hairstyle: Nabil Harlow from Balmain Hair Couture. Makeup: Tom Pecheux for Yves Saint Laurent Beauté from Calliste Agency. Production assistant: Camille-Joséphine Teisseire, Fernando Damasceno and Sophie Houdré. Digital: Dope Paris. Retouch: Janvier. Production: Iconoclast image.     The first time I met Jennifer Lawrence, in London at the beginning of the 2010s, she’d just been nominated for the first time for an Oscar, for her role in Debra Granik’s indie hit Winter’s Bone, in the best actress category. She was 20 and had fire in her eyes. It wouldn’t be until three years later that she finally won the statuette, in David O. Russell’s Happiness Therapy, a deep and stylish romantic comedy in which she starred opposite Bradley Cooper. But already, in this luxury London hotel overrun by a horde of ordinarily blasé journalists, you could feel a sort of tension in the air, as if those present had the vague feeling that they were meeting something other than just the sensation of the year, in actual fact an actress who was destined for a career that would be quite out of the ordinary. She was funny, intelligent, moving, a little bit reserved, but sure of her worth.    Eight years later, Lawrence has more than fulfilled those expectations. With four Oscar nominations to her credit, she has become the youngest woman to be nominated that many times in the best actress category. For several years now she has been the most highly paid actress in Hollywood, according to Forbes magazine, and her films have made over $5 billion worldwide. That’s what’s called mastering your domain and ruling supreme. Something that no actress has managed for such a protracted period since Julia Roberts.     She imposed her own tempo on each film by effortlessly promulgating her way of being, striking home every time with her intensity and her ability to play youth enlivened with just a dash of ageless wisdom.     Like the star of Pretty Woman, Lawrence has something of that all-American magic found in girls who hail from neither the city nor the coasts, but who grew up in the sunshine of the prairies. Lawrence was born in Kentucky, land of bluegrass and cheerleaders – and, indeed, she was a member of a cheerleading squad in high school. While she has never set out to deny her origins on the border of the Midwest and the Deep South, she knew early on, for ambition’s sake, that she’d have to leave her homeland pretty quickly. And at just 14, while on holiday in New York, she was spotted in the street by a talent scout who set her up with potential agents. So began a period in which Lawrence did everything to maximize her chances, to the point of giving up on regular schooling. She also adamantly refused to work as a model. So what was it that drove her? A desire, she has explained in interviews, to reconnect with childhood sensations. She recalls that when she was a kid, acting in front of her family or in school plays was a way of banishing anxiety and getting back her self confidence. And it’s perhaps that which makes her so engaging today – this unchanging joy in acting, her simple and natural way of transforming every set she finds herself on into a place of freedom.     "There are several women I consider role models. Professionally, I was lucky enough to work with Jodie Foster when I was about 18. She gave me valuable advice on life as well as my career. She’s smart and solid with her feet on the ground. Jodie was a real role model for me."     The challenge was not easy. Early on, Lawrence began, with the suppleness of a cat, to alternate indie productions and blockbusters until she was capable of just about anything. All without disorienting her fans – a rare talent. In 2011, Matthew Vaughn’s X-Men: First Class made her a global star in the role of Mystique, a mutant who can change form and appearance – the perfect metaphor for an actress. The Hunger Games tetralogy, in which she played Katniss Everdeen, a rebellious teenager, proved she was capable of the leading-lady role in a movie franchise whose financial stakes were colossal. These films also charted Lawrence’s progress towards the summits, showing a young woman who was ever more sure of herself and of her choices. But at the same time one could find her being directed by Jodie Foster in The Beaver, starring in one of the only contemporary romantic comedies that can truly be taken seriously – Happiness Therapy –, and playing the heroine in a black-comedy crime movie set in the 70s which became an immediate classic, American Hustle. On each occasion, Lawrence  was herself; better yet, she imposed her own tempo on each film by effortlessly promulgating her way of being, striking home every time with her intensity and her ability to play youth enlivened with just a dash of ageless wisdom. The first time I met Jennifer Lawrence, in London at the beginning of the 2010s, she’d just been nominated for the first time for an Oscar, for her role in Debra Granik’s indie hit Winter’s Bone, in the best actress category. She was 20 and had fire in her eyes. It wouldn’t be until three years later that she finally won the statuette, in David O. Russell’s Happiness Therapy, a deep and stylish romantic comedy in which she starred opposite Bradley Cooper. But already, in this luxury London hotel overrun by a horde of ordinarily blasé journalists, you could feel a sort of tension in the air, as if those present had the vague feeling that they were meeting something other than just the sensation of the year, in actual fact an actress who was destined for a career that would be quite out of the ordinary. She was funny, intelligent, moving, a little bit reserved, but sure of her worth.    Eight years later, Lawrence has more than fulfilled those expectations. With four Oscar nominations to her credit, she has become the youngest woman to be nominated that many times in the best actress category. For several years now she has been the most highly paid actress in Hollywood, according to Forbes magazine, and her films have made over $5 billion worldwide. That’s what’s called mastering your domain and ruling supreme. Something that no actress has managed for such a protracted period since Julia Roberts.     She imposed her own tempo on each film by effortlessly promulgating her way of being, striking home every time with her intensity and her ability to play youth enlivened with just a dash of ageless wisdom.     Like the star of Pretty Woman, Lawrence has something of that all-American magic found in girls who hail from neither the city nor the coasts, but who grew up in the sunshine of the prairies. Lawrence was born in Kentucky, land of bluegrass and cheerleaders – and, indeed, she was a member of a cheerleading squad in high school. While she has never set out to deny her origins on the border of the Midwest and the Deep South, she knew early on, for ambition’s sake, that she’d have to leave her homeland pretty quickly. And at just 14, while on holiday in New York, she was spotted in the street by a talent scout who set her up with potential agents. So began a period in which Lawrence did everything to maximize her chances, to the point of giving up on regular schooling. She also adamantly refused to work as a model. So what was it that drove her? A desire, she has explained in interviews, to reconnect with childhood sensations. She recalls that when she was a kid, acting in front of her family or in school plays was a way of banishing anxiety and getting back her self confidence. And it’s perhaps that which makes her so engaging today – this unchanging joy in acting, her simple and natural way of transforming every set she finds herself on into a place of freedom.     "There are several women I consider role models. Professionally, I was lucky enough to work with Jodie Foster when I was about 18. She gave me valuable advice on life as well as my career. She’s smart and solid with her feet on the ground. Jodie was a real role model for me."     The challenge was not easy. Early on, Lawrence began, with the suppleness of a cat, to alternate indie productions and blockbusters until she was capable of just about anything. All without disorienting her fans – a rare talent. In 2011, Matthew Vaughn’s X-Men: First Class made her a global star in the role of Mystique, a mutant who can change form and appearance – the perfect metaphor for an actress. The Hunger Games tetralogy, in which she played Katniss Everdeen, a rebellious teenager, proved she was capable of the leading-lady role in a movie franchise whose financial stakes were colossal. These films also charted Lawrence’s progress towards the summits, showing a young woman who was ever more sure of herself and of her choices. But at the same time one could find her being directed by Jodie Foster in The Beaver, starring in one of the only contemporary romantic comedies that can truly be taken seriously – Happiness Therapy –, and playing the heroine in a black-comedy crime movie set in the 70s which became an immediate classic, American Hustle. On each occasion, Lawrence  was herself; better yet, she imposed her own tempo on each film by effortlessly promulgating her way of being, striking home every time with her intensity and her ability to play youth enlivened with just a dash of ageless wisdom. For this reason, describing Lawrence as a “young actress” doesn’t make much sense, and probably never did. As a result, her subsequent career has been just as exciting as her beginnings. In the short directed by Francis Lawrence (no relation) to accompany the global release of Dior’s perfume Joy – of which Jennifer is the face – she radiates, in just a few leg movements in a Beverly Hills pool, an aura of eternal Hollywood glamour; she’s a woman of 2018 who could have been a star in just about any era, an incarnation of the contemporary who is never hindered by the present. “Francis and I have been working together for many years, notably on Hunger Games and Red Sparrow. Because he knows me very well, he was able to incorporate several aspects of my personality into the film. We tried more to catch emotions than to tell a linear story. It was as fun as it was exciting to work together in this way, in what was an entirely new approach for us.”     “I’m devoting time to RepresentUs, which I’ve joined, and whose goal is to encourage people to get involved in politics. RepresentUs is the biggest anticorruption campaign in the U.S."   Over the past few years, Lawrence has changed, and not only because life has made of her the most desirable actress of her times. Eager to rest, she has taken more time to reflect on her commitments, one of which is feminism, a nobrainer in the context of #TimesUp, which she publicly supported in early 2018. “I see myself as a strong woman who holds the reins of her life. There are several women I consider role models. Professionally, I was lucky enough to work with Jodie Foster when I was about 18. She gave me valuable advice on life as well as my career. She’s smart and solid with her feet on the ground. Jodie was a real role model for me. And of course there were my friends, my mother and my family.” Lawrence likes the simple life (“What makes me happy? My dog Pippi, my friends and reading”), but there is a constant openness in her to passion; her favourite book, she says, is Tolstoy’s tragic novel Anna Karenina, certain chapters of which she’s “read again and again…”   Since Donald Trump’s election as president of the USA, Lawrence has developed a taste for urgent political activism via a bipartisan organization which is fighting for an overhaul of American democracy: “I’m devoting time to RepresentUs, which I’ve joined, and whose goal is to encourage people to get involved in politics. RepresentUs is the biggest anticorruption campaign in the U.S. acting at a local level, and it unites conservatives, progressives and all those in between. Our goal is to repair the American political system which today is broken by corruption. We circumvent Congress by getting anticorruption laws passed at state and city level. These laws protect our communities and help create a dynamic for future national reform.” So, before the release of the next episode of X-Men, in February 2019, Lawrence clearly has her work cut out in realms beyond those of the sound stage and the studio. But Planet Cinema is still waiting for her, and her alone.   Numéro: It took you three years and an army of assistants to create The Clock. What was this experience like? Christian Marclay: The process was long and difficult. We watched thousands of films, extracting passages that showed the time and storing them according to the minutes shown in a computer. We then had to find connections between each scene which were totally disconnected to edit them together. Every time we wove an interesting link, there was this rush of adrenalin and a palpable excitement in the studio. Then we had to start all over again for the next section. It was those little moments of chronological satisfaction that kept us going, when a section seemed to tell a story that we had completely invented. It was a monumental challenge and there were times when I thought we’d never get to the end.     There is no resolution in the narrative, which could be frustrating. And yet The Clock has been round the world, often with sold out shows. How do you explain the reaction to this work? It’s true that the spectator has no means of knowing what will follow, nor can they anticipate the action. It could be frustrating for them, yes! In fact, I was surprised by how much time people spend in front of the work. Some set themselves a real marathon session, trying to see as much as possible in one go. Lots of art works require several visits to be truly understood, and in my opinion,  those are the ones that most deserve our attention. There is no mystery with The Clock, but everyone leaves with a different experience, whether they are a movie buff or a straightforward spectator. Every visit is a surprise.   Numéro: It took you three years and an army of assistants to create The Clock. What was this experience like? Christian Marclay: The process was long and difficult. We watched thousands of films, extracting passages that showed the time and storing them according to the minutes shown in a computer. We then had to find connections between each scene which were totally disconnected to edit them together. Every time we wove an interesting link, there was this rush of adrenalin and a palpable excitement in the studio. Then we had to start all over again for the next section. It was those little moments of chronological satisfaction that kept us going, when a section seemed to tell a story that we had completely invented. It was a monumental challenge and there were times when I thought we’d never get to the end.     There is no resolution in the narrative, which could be frustrating. And yet The Clock has been round the world, often with sold out shows. How do you explain the reaction to this work? It’s true that the spectator has no means of knowing what will follow, nor can they anticipate the action. It could be frustrating for them, yes! In fact, I was surprised by how much time people spend in front of the work. Some set themselves a real marathon session, trying to see as much as possible in one go. Lots of art works require several visits to be truly understood, and in my opinion,  those are the ones that most deserve our attention. There is no mystery with The Clock, but everyone leaves with a different experience, whether they are a movie buff or a straightforward spectator. Every visit is a surprise.   Ultimately the scenes that were the hardest to edit are those that are least seen, between one and five in the morning. Most people will never see the whole film, and even you haven’t seen it in in its entirety since the editing… I would have liked the work to be visible for 24 hours a day, but the logistics and the costs were just crippling. There are several all-night sessions at the Tate Modern, which is already pretty cool! It was obviously out of the question to show the off-peak hours at another time. The work must be seen in real time. That’s not a technical caprice, but because the scenes tell different stories according to the time, like in real life. At night there are lots of dream and fantasy scenes. The viewer is also probably tired and trying not to fall asleep. He could drift off and wake up in the middle of a nightmare scene for example, he might rub his eyes and fall asleep with an actor doing the same thing on the screen. It creates a real link between the work and the spectator, a bit like a communion… which wouldn’t be possible with the same scene at 10 in the morning.   After having seen so many films, do you confirm that midnight is crime time? It’s certainly the passage I saw the most! I used midnight as the reference point for the sound, because it is the time when the most crazy things seem to happen. I’ve seen so many very different scenes over the hundred years of cinema, all extremely rich. Showing midnight is a powerful cinematic act in itself. It’s that strange atmosphere that I try to relay with The Clock. That’s why I never lend the work, not even to researchers. It only makes sense in the context of a complete installation. To see it you have to go to the Tate Modern, the Pompidou Centre or the Israel Museum in Jerusalem, who have bought a copy together. I am very aware of limiting the diffusion of my work, but it’s a bit like a Rubik’s Cube… everything is linked, there’s no point in having just one bit of it!   The Clock by Christian Marclay is at the Tate Modern until January 20th 2019. All-nighters on October 6th and November 3rd 2018.   In the contents of October 2018’s Numéro Mode:   A portrait of Jennifer Lawrence, muse for the new Dior perfume, an encounter with rock star Lenny Kravitz, the Fashion Freak Show by Jean Paul Gaultier at the Folies Bergères, Luca Guadagnino talks to us about his remake of Suspiria, Jean-Michel Basquiat and Egon Schiele are celebrated at the Louis Vuitton Foundation, a meeting with Wang Shu, the Chinese architect and founder of the Architecture Studio, the Franz West retrospective at the Centre Pompidou, a focus on Girl, the latest full-length feature by Lukas Dhont, a trip to Florence for the exhibition Italy in Hollywood at the Salvatore Ferragamo museum, an interview with the artist du mois Will Boone, Sarah Jessica Parker’s favourite addresses in New York and fashion shoots by Koto Bolofo, Katja Mayer, Billy Kid, Amanda Charchian, Marco van Rijt, Suzie & Leo, Ola Rindal and Txema Yeste.     Discover the Numéro Mode edition for October 2018, available on news stands and on the iPad from 27th September.     → Subscribe to Numéro magazine → Subscribe to the Numéro iPad app Model: Steffi Cook from Silent. Hairstyle: Raphael Salley from Saint Luke. Makeup: Nicola Brittin from Saint Luke. Nail: Saffron Goddard from Saint Luke. Production assistant: Sophie Houdré. Decor: Janina Pedan. Digital: Kadaré Aliu. Production: Melissa Arras. Models: Kira Alferink from Women Management and Dam Van Huynh. Hairstyle: Roxane Attard. Makeup: Ammy Drammeh from Bryant Artists. Production assistant: Fernando Damasceno. Decor: Thomas Bird from Bryant Artists. Production: MGMT Society. Thanks to Cre8 Studio London, 80 Eastway, London E9 5JH, tel. (+44) 8986 8866 (www.cre8studiolondon.com). Model: Sarah Brannon from Oui Management. Hairstyle: Martin Cullen from Streeters. Makeup: Andrew Gallimore from CLM. Manicure: Pebbles Aikens from The Wall Group. Production assistant: Charlotte Faucon. Decor: Lyndon Ogbourne. Retouch: Invisible Studio. Production: Chris Cowan from Immortal Productions. Thanks to Holborn Studios. Model: Loane Normand from Elite Paris. Hairstyle: Olivier Schawalder from Calliste Agency. Makeup: Annabelle Petit from Agence Saint Germain. Manicure: Beatrice Eni from Agence Saint Germain. Production assistant: Céline Executioner. Digital: Hugo Lubin from Rouchon Paris. Production: Marielle Marchand from Artsphere. Thank you to the Hotel Les Bains, 7, rue du Bourg-l'Abbé, Paris III, tel. (+33) 1 42 77 07 07 (www.lesbains-paris.com). Model: Adesuwa from Storm Models. Hairstyle: Tina Outen from Streeters. Makeup: Bea Sweet from LMC Worldwide. Production assistant: Dorian Walleck. Decor: Miguel Bento from Streeters. Casting: Holly Cullen. Digital: Jeanne Buchi. Retouching: postproduction by Studio Private (www.studioprivate.co.uk). Production: Philippe Vaxelaire from Management + Artists. Model: Maryel Sousa from Elite Paris. Hairstyle: Philippe Tholimet with Oribe from Saint Luke's. Makeup: Eli Wakamatsu from Emma Davies Agency. Production assistant: Fernando Damasceno. Digital: Belen Rovegno. Production: Emma Tudor-Bloch. According to legend, Antonio Lopez drew his first dress at the age of two. And it probably didn’t look like the typical doodle of an everyday kid. Born on the island of Puerto Rico to a father who sculpted Stockman mannequins and a couturier mother, Antonio Lopez was rocked to sleep amidst swathes of fabrics, prints and the hum of sewing machines. In the 1950s his family moved to New York where the Spanish neighbourhood of East Harlem became his new kingdom. With his curly brown hair, moustache and cigarette holder, music was in the blood of this well turned out dandy and extraordinary dancer. After leaving the Fashion Institute of Technology, he’d sketch out the watercolour lines of his models for Women’s Wear Daily, Interview and Vogue to the sounds of Nile Rodgers’ guitar licks. Later on, he’d start photography, his Instamatic always to hand.      Antonio Lopez made striking sketches of top models giving the fashion world a new feminine ideal: an elegant glittering woman, rebellious and ultra-sexy, just like his radiant “Antonio girls” who reigned over the covers of glossy magazines like they would over Instagram today.       Antonio Lopez drew like he breathed, and every exhalation produced another curve. Just occasionally his “black days” prevented him from initiating his artistic trance. As the seventies dawned, the prolific aesthete was 27 years old. At the time it was all about romantic dresses, fringed jackets, flared trousers and ethnic prints. In this dynamic era, hippie met punk, Karl Lagerfeld was making waves in Paris, Kenzo introduced colour and designers were showing female forms in the nude. In the illustrations of performer Antonio Lopez, kitsch, derision and brilliance came crashing together. Drunk on pop art, Egon Schiele’s expressionism, Joan Miro’s surrealism and masterpieces from Art Nouveau, Antonio Lopez produced striking sketches of top models. Compared to René Bouché (1905-1963), the last rebel in illustration caught a monumental sensuality and introduced a new feminine ideal into fashion: an elegant glittering woman, rebellious and ultra-sexy. According to legend, Antonio Lopez drew his first dress at the age of two. And it probably didn’t look like the typical doodle of an everyday kid. Born on the island of Puerto Rico to a father who sculpted Stockman mannequins and a couturier mother, Antonio Lopez was rocked to sleep amidst swathes of fabrics, prints and the hum of sewing machines. In the 1950s his family moved to New York where the Spanish neighbourhood of East Harlem became his new kingdom. With his curly brown hair, moustache and cigarette holder, music was in the blood of this well turned out dandy and extraordinary dancer. After leaving the Fashion Institute of Technology, he’d sketch out the watercolour lines of his models for Women’s Wear Daily, Interview and Vogue to the sounds of Nile Rodgers’ guitar licks. Later on, he’d start photography, his Instamatic always to hand.      Antonio Lopez made striking sketches of top models giving the fashion world a new feminine ideal: an elegant glittering woman, rebellious and ultra-sexy, just like his radiant “Antonio girls” who reigned over the covers of glossy magazines like they would over Instagram today.       Antonio Lopez drew like he breathed, and every exhalation produced another curve. Just occasionally his “black days” prevented him from initiating his artistic trance. As the seventies dawned, the prolific aesthete was 27 years old. At the time it was all about romantic dresses, fringed jackets, flared trousers and ethnic prints. In this dynamic era, hippie met punk, Karl Lagerfeld was making waves in Paris, Kenzo introduced colour and designers were showing female forms in the nude. In the illustrations of performer Antonio Lopez, kitsch, derision and brilliance came crashing together. Drunk on pop art, Egon Schiele’s expressionism, Joan Miro’s surrealism and masterpieces from Art Nouveau, Antonio Lopez produced striking sketches of top models. Compared to René Bouché (1905-1963), the last rebel in illustration caught a monumental sensuality and introduced a new feminine ideal into fashion: an elegant glittering woman, rebellious and ultra-sexy.   With his gang of night owls and his vast address book, Antonio Lopez went from club to club, from Studio 54 in New York to Le Sept in Paris, in the company of Jessica Lange, Charles James, Donna Jordan, Grace Jones... The “Antonio corner” was soon serious competition to Warhol’s “Andy corner”. In reality he took advantage of an era when models were becoming front line celebrities in their own right. And the bisexual playboy – in a couple with his collaborator Juan Ramos from 1965 to 1970 – enthralled his incandescent and resolutely disco “Antonio girls” who reigned over the magazine covers like they would Instagram today. According to artist Paul Caranicas, Antonio Lopez revolutionised fashion by choosing “race, ethnicity and sexuality as the foundations of his art”. The Puerto Rican mixed influences, left America for Paris and drew the things that he loved best whatever they were, creating a whimsical and fantastical aesthetic hybridisation.      Antonio Lopez continues to nourish the campaigns of Louis Vuitton and Saint Laurent today. He spurred on a multi-ethnic vision of fashion, marked by his childhood spent in the Bronx.     A vibrant tribute, James Crump’s new documentary is a sort of extended slide show commented on by the close friends of the illustrator who died of Kaposi's sarcoma in 1987. Shown at the London Film Festival last year, the American director’s project succeeds Troublemakers: The Story of Land Art (2015) and his interest in Robert Mapplethorpe and Patti Smith in Black White + Gray (2007). Antonio Lopez continues to nourish the campaigns of Louis Vuitton and Saint Laurent today. He spurred on a multi-ethnic vision of fashion, marked by his childhood spent in the Bronx. But there’s also a melancholic air to the documentary. A grief close to abating, particularly when Crump suggests that the ambient racism at Vogue helped push Lopez towards the exit. A cruel world that survives on ink, polaroid and the most beautiful of descriptions: “It was just Antonio.”   Antonio Lopez 70: Sex, Fashion & Disco de James Crump. Coming soon. Numéro: Let’s start with your autumn-winter 2018–19 show, which was set in 2050. How do you imagine the future in 30 years’ time? Olivier Rousteing: I’m not sure if I imagine the future... I imagine my collection. In any case I imagine strong women, more triumphant than ever, which is already happening. And a digital world of holograms. The idea behind the col- lection was clothes that play with light, that you perceive differently depending which angle you see them from. A world where everything is faster and faster. It’s what’s happening now, and I think that in 2050 things will go even faster. I wanted to look to the future because I’ve had enough of fashion that constantly seeks refuge in the vintage. We’ve arrived at a point where the cards have been reshuffled, and the new generations are challenging the older ones. My collection was born of this observation.   At the Coachella festival you dressed Beyoncé, whose stylist wanted a military theme. And a few years ago you came up with the idea of the “Balmain Army.” Moreover certain critics have cited the movie Mad Max with respect to your last runway show. Where does this fighting, con- quering spirit come from? It came over the course of the collections. When I was appointed ar- tistic director in 2011, I didn’t have this desire to fight. At the beginning, I played the fashion game, and when I decided to be more faithful to who I was, I was heavily criticized, which affected me. That’s how the Balmain Army was born, female warriors with strong personalities. My muses are also like that. Fashion can sometimes be a fight where you have to push your ideas all the way to the end. Today I’m not so much at war, I’ve become much calmer.     “When I started using it, a lot of people criticized me: “It’s vulgar, how can you expose yourself so much?” But people need reality.”     During the runway show there was a T-shirt marked “We are the new generation.” You became artistic director at Balmain at 25, and today creative types in all fields are finding success in their 20s. How do you view this youth power grab? I’m very happy to see all these young people who are doing all these things. The difference for me is that I was young in a French luxury house with a strong heritage and history. When you have a heritage to preserve, you have to satisfy the critics and attract new clients without frightening the old ones. When I started, I tried to please everybody. Then I took a step back, and tried to please myself. Moreover, what the critics and the fashion élite like isn’t necessarily what sells. If I’d followed their advice I would have risked being out of a job three seasons later. [Laughs.] For the golden rule in fash- ion is that you have to sell, and it’s also my rule. I am indeed part of the new generation, and today Anthony [Vaccarello], Virgil [Abloh] and Demna [Gvasalia] are in the same situation as me. Nowadays I don’t feel quite so alone.   Very early on you started using Instagram, which has totally reconfigured the whole fashion business. Did you anticipate such a radical change?
The Internet age frightened everybody in fashion. But I’m from a generation who thought it was great that you could buy clothes in just one click on the web. And I used Instagram as a means of communication, waiting for the moment when everything would naturally converge on the same platform – sales and communication. When I started using it, a lot of people criticized me: “It’s vulgar, how can you expose yourself so much?” But people need reality. We don’t just need to buy things, we also need to feel a connection with other human beings. Today I’ve stepped back a little, because some of the spontaneity has gone from Instagram. Everyone has understood that business is now done through communication, and firms specialized in strategy have taken over social networks. I feel that it’s something of a backwards step, so I’m not terribly convinced where the future of Instagram is concerned. Numéro: Let’s start with your autumn-winter 2018–19 show, which was set in 2050. How do you imagine the future in 30 years’ time? Olivier Rousteing: I’m not sure if I imagine the future... I imagine my collection. In any case I imagine strong women, more triumphant than ever, which is already happening. And a digital world of holograms. The idea behind the col- lection was clothes that play with light, that you perceive differently depending which angle you see them from. A world where everything is faster and faster. It’s what’s happening now, and I think that in 2050 things will go even faster. I wanted to look to the future because I’ve had enough of fashion that constantly seeks refuge in the vintage. We’ve arrived at a point where the cards have been reshuffled, and the new generations are challenging the older ones. My collection was born of this observation.   At the Coachella festival you dressed Beyoncé, whose stylist wanted a military theme. And a few years ago you came up with the idea of the “Balmain Army.” Moreover certain critics have cited the movie Mad Max with respect to your last runway show. Where does this fighting, con- quering spirit come from? It came over the course of the collections. When I was appointed ar- tistic director in 2011, I didn’t have this desire to fight. At the beginning, I played the fashion game, and when I decided to be more faithful to who I was, I was heavily criticized, which affected me. That’s how the Balmain Army was born, female warriors with strong personalities. My muses are also like that. Fashion can sometimes be a fight where you have to push your ideas all the way to the end. Today I’m not so much at war, I’ve become much calmer.     “When I started using it, a lot of people criticized me: “It’s vulgar, how can you expose yourself so much?” But people need reality.”     During the runway show there was a T-shirt marked “We are the new generation.” You became artistic director at Balmain at 25, and today creative types in all fields are finding success in their 20s. How do you view this youth power grab? I’m very happy to see all these young people who are doing all these things. The difference for me is that I was young in a French luxury house with a strong heritage and history. When you have a heritage to preserve, you have to satisfy the critics and attract new clients without frightening the old ones. When I started, I tried to please everybody. Then I took a step back, and tried to please myself. Moreover, what the critics and the fashion élite like isn’t necessarily what sells. If I’d followed their advice I would have risked being out of a job three seasons later. [Laughs.] For the golden rule in fash- ion is that you have to sell, and it’s also my rule. I am indeed part of the new generation, and today Anthony [Vaccarello], Virgil [Abloh] and Demna [Gvasalia] are in the same situation as me. Nowadays I don’t feel quite so alone.   Very early on you started using Instagram, which has totally reconfigured the whole fashion business. Did you anticipate such a radical change?
The Internet age frightened everybody in fashion. But I’m from a generation who thought it was great that you could buy clothes in just one click on the web. And I used Instagram as a means of communication, waiting for the moment when everything would naturally converge on the same platform – sales and communication. When I started using it, a lot of people criticized me: “It’s vulgar, how can you expose yourself so much?” But people need reality. We don’t just need to buy things, we also need to feel a connection with other human beings. Today I’ve stepped back a little, because some of the spontaneity has gone from Instagram. Everyone has understood that business is now done through communication, and firms specialized in strategy have taken over social networks. I feel that it’s something of a backwards step, so I’m not terribly convinced where the future of Instagram is concerned. Beyoncé, Rihanna and Kim Kardashian are part of your story. Have you become used to having them as friends, or do you sometimes wake up in the morning thinking to yourself, “Oh my god, it’s incredible”? Kim and Rihanna are very close friends of mine. Beyoncé and I aren’t friends, but we have a relationship of mutual respect. I always say to myself that I’m incredibly lucky to be so close to them. I realized it at Coachella, when Beyoncé invited me to watch her rehearsals. It was amazing to see her singing her hits with just me as an audience, while making her final checks with the technical crew. I have the feeling that something is really happening in my life which I have to be conscious of. But let’s not forget that when I decided to go for hip-hop and R’n’B, the fashion world came down on me like a ton of bricks. I’m not against criticism, all points of view should find their expression. But I never demean others, whereas I’ve felt that people were demeaning me. Today nobody’s shocked anymore, but I remember in 2013, when I did a campaign with Rihanna, interviewers would ask me if I was really sure that the world of luxury ought to associate with hip-hop. People also said I’d become Americanized, whereas I adore France, and a large part of my fashion references are French. What’s more, Pierre Balmain dressed Audrey Hepburn, Josephine Baker, Brigitte Bardot and Dalida, some of whom were already controversial, so it’s not like I invented anything. Being close to music is something that Gianni [Versace] had already done before me, as had M. Saint Laurent. The Bains-Douches nightclub predates me by decades – I just followed a Parisian tradition. Except that recently people have rather tended to mistake Paris for Neuilly, or to focus only on the tastes and lifestyles of those living in the 16th. Let’s not forget how cosmopolitan Paris is and that many of those responsible for its glory were foreigners. So yes, I adore the U.S., but I’m also very French, and proud of it.     “When you don’t know where you come from, you’ve no limits in imagining where you might go. I’m a survivor, a warrior.”     You even declared your love for Emmanuel and Brigitte Macron. What is it you like about them? The fact that they didn’t follow the usual path for French politicians is something that speaks to me a lot. During a dinner at the Élysée Palace, I was at the main table opposite them, and I really liked their spontaneity and their kindness. They show respect and haven’t forgotten where they came from. Politics, even more than fashion, is a world that’s cadenced on protocol. I like the fact that they’re changing those codes in France, thereby proving that it’s possible. Even their relationship represents something new. It’s a story for our times. I find it very touching that the love they feel for each other is possible and that, despite its unusualness, their relationship didn’t prove to be an obstacle.   In January you launched a capsule collection of evening gowns which celebrates the craftsmanship of the Balamain ateliers. How do you negotiate the potential divides between tradition and innovation, craftsmanship and social media? The fashion world has gone from being very conservative to being obsessed with millennials and their desires. But it’s not enough to design a pair of sneakers if you want to please them, the approach needs to be much deeper. While I’m a fan of digital technologies, I want Balmain to remain a traditional French luxury house. On my Instagram account, I’ll just as easily post a pair of jeans as an haute-couture dress. If I’d only done haute-couture gowns, the business would have sunk under the weight of dusty irrelevance. And if I’d only done jeans and digital content, we’d have become a gimmick. I do a semi-couture line of evening dresses because it’s still what people dream of. And at the same time, I use social media to transmit this image to future clients. Lots of young women come to the boutiques with their mothers: while the daughter is buying a zip-up blouson, the mother comes away with a six-button jacket. Our offer is transversal, it touches different generations. Things change quickly, but that doesn’t mean you can allow yourself to slip in thought or quality. France is known for being a research lab, from cuisine to medicine to fashion. We mustn’t only think in the short term or concen- trate only on the immediate, we mustn’t lose what it is that brings a unique quality to the things we do. We could make bomber jackets or sweatshirts with logos, but that’s not what’s going to bring glory to France in the next few decades. Numéro: Let’s start with your autumn-winter 2018–19 show, which was set in 2050. How do you imagine the future in 30 years’ time? Olivier Rousteing: I’m not sure if I imagine the future... I imagine my collection. In any case I imagine strong women, more triumphant than ever, which is already happening. And a digital world of holograms. The idea behind the col- lection was clothes that play with light, that you perceive differently depending which angle you see them from. A world where everything is faster and faster. It’s what’s happening now, and I think that in 2050 things will go even faster. I wanted to look to the future because I’ve had enough of fashion that constantly seeks refuge in the vintage. We’ve arrived at a point where the cards have been reshuffled, and the new generations are challenging the older ones. My collection was born of this observation.   At the Coachella festival you dressed Beyoncé, whose stylist wanted a military theme. And a few years ago you came up with the idea of the “Balmain Army.” Moreover certain critics have cited the movie Mad Max with respect to your last runway show. Where does this fighting, con- quering spirit come from? It came over the course of the collections. When I was appointed ar- tistic director in 2011, I didn’t have this desire to fight. At the beginning, I played the fashion game, and when I decided to be more faithful to who I was, I was heavily criticized, which affected me. That’s how the Balmain Army was born, female warriors with strong personalities. My muses are also like that. Fashion can sometimes be a fight where you have to push your ideas all the way to the end. Today I’m not so much at war, I’ve become much calmer.     “When I started using it, a lot of people criticized me: “It’s vulgar, how can you expose yourself so much?” But people need reality.”     During the runway show there was a T-shirt marked “We are the new generation.” You became artistic director at Balmain at 25, and today creative types in all fields are finding success in their 20s. How do you view this youth power grab? I’m very happy to see all these young people who are doing all these things. The difference for me is that I was young in a French luxury house with a strong heritage and history. When you have a heritage to preserve, you have to satisfy the critics and attract new clients without frightening the old ones. When I started, I tried to please everybody. Then I took a step back, and tried to please myself. Moreover, what the critics and the fashion élite like isn’t necessarily what sells. If I’d followed their advice I would have risked being out of a job three seasons later. [Laughs.] For the golden rule in fash- ion is that you have to sell, and it’s also my rule. I am indeed part of the new generation, and today Anthony [Vaccarello], Virgil [Abloh] and Demna [Gvasalia] are in the same situation as me. Nowadays I don’t feel quite so alone.   Very early on you started using Instagram, which has totally reconfigured the whole fashion business. Did you anticipate such a radical change?
The Internet age frightened everybody in fashion. But I’m from a generation who thought it was great that you could buy clothes in just one click on the web. And I used Instagram as a means of communication, waiting for the moment when everything would naturally converge on the same platform – sales and communication. When I started using it, a lot of people criticized me: “It’s vulgar, how can you expose yourself so much?” But people need reality. We don’t just need to buy things, we also need to feel a connection with other human beings. Today I’ve stepped back a little, because some of the spontaneity has gone from Instagram. Everyone has understood that business is now done through communication, and firms specialized in strategy have taken over social networks. I feel that it’s something of a backwards step, so I’m not terribly convinced where the future of Instagram is concerned. Beyoncé, Rihanna and Kim Kardashian are part of your story. Have you become used to having them as friends, or do you sometimes wake up in the morning thinking to yourself, “Oh my god, it’s incredible”? Kim and Rihanna are very close friends of mine. Beyoncé and I aren’t friends, but we have a relationship of mutual respect. I always say to myself that I’m incredibly lucky to be so close to them. I realized it at Coachella, when Beyoncé invited me to watch her rehearsals. It was amazing to see her singing her hits with just me as an audience, while making her final checks with the technical crew. I have the feeling that something is really happening in my life which I have to be conscious of. But let’s not forget that when I decided to go for hip-hop and R’n’B, the fashion world came down on me like a ton of bricks. I’m not against criticism, all points of view should find their expression. But I never demean others, whereas I’ve felt that people were demeaning me. Today nobody’s shocked anymore, but I remember in 2013, when I did a campaign with Rihanna, interviewers would ask me if I was really sure that the world of luxury ought to associate with hip-hop. People also said I’d become Americanized, whereas I adore France, and a large part of my fashion references are French. What’s more, Pierre Balmain dressed Audrey Hepburn, Josephine Baker, Brigitte Bardot and Dalida, some of whom were already controversial, so it’s not like I invented anything. Being close to music is something that Gianni [Versace] had already done before me, as had M. Saint Laurent. The Bains-Douches nightclub predates me by decades – I just followed a Parisian tradition. Except that recently people have rather tended to mistake Paris for Neuilly, or to focus only on the tastes and lifestyles of those living in the 16th. Let’s not forget how cosmopolitan Paris is and that many of those responsible for its glory were foreigners. So yes, I adore the U.S., but I’m also very French, and proud of it.     “When you don’t know where you come from, you’ve no limits in imagining where you might go. I’m a survivor, a warrior.”     You even declared your love for Emmanuel and Brigitte Macron. What is it you like about them? The fact that they didn’t follow the usual path for French politicians is something that speaks to me a lot. During a dinner at the Élysée Palace, I was at the main table opposite them, and I really liked their spontaneity and their kindness. They show respect and haven’t forgotten where they came from. Politics, even more than fashion, is a world that’s cadenced on protocol. I like the fact that they’re changing those codes in France, thereby proving that it’s possible. Even their relationship represents something new. It’s a story for our times. I find it very touching that the love they feel for each other is possible and that, despite its unusualness, their relationship didn’t prove to be an obstacle.   In January you launched a capsule collection of evening gowns which celebrates the craftsmanship of the Balamain ateliers. How do you negotiate the potential divides between tradition and innovation, craftsmanship and social media? The fashion world has gone from being very conservative to being obsessed with millennials and their desires. But it’s not enough to design a pair of sneakers if you want to please them, the approach needs to be much deeper. While I’m a fan of digital technologies, I want Balmain to remain a traditional French luxury house. On my Instagram account, I’ll just as easily post a pair of jeans as an haute-couture dress. If I’d only done haute-couture gowns, the business would have sunk under the weight of dusty irrelevance. And if I’d only done jeans and digital content, we’d have become a gimmick. I do a semi-couture line of evening dresses because it’s still what people dream of. And at the same time, I use social media to transmit this image to future clients. Lots of young women come to the boutiques with their mothers: while the daughter is buying a zip-up blouson, the mother comes away with a six-button jacket. Our offer is transversal, it touches different generations. Things change quickly, but that doesn’t mean you can allow yourself to slip in thought or quality. France is known for being a research lab, from cuisine to medicine to fashion. We mustn’t only think in the short term or concen- trate only on the immediate, we mustn’t lose what it is that brings a unique quality to the things we do. We could make bomber jackets or sweatshirts with logos, but that’s not what’s going to bring glory to France in the next few decades.   How have things changed for you since Balmain was bought up in 2016 by the Qatari group Mayhoola for Investments? I now have more possibilities for self expression. The new management respects me, they like luxury and they challenge me. So together we can go even further. They give me real freedom of expression, and I think that it’s often that which is missing in fashion today. My personal life hasn’t changed much because I’ve always worked a lot – I get up early and work till late. I’m never bored, there are always boutique openings and various projects.     “I’m anchored in two sets of origins, one that I know and the other which I don’t.”     These days people often say that Virgil Abloh is the first black designer to take the helm at a big Parisian fashion house, whereas you got there long before him. How do you feel about that? I heard that too, and I was a bit surprised. I find it interesting... It’s probably because I’m mixed. But that’s a little bit the story of my life: for the blacks I’m not black, for the whites I’m not white. In any case, I’m very happy for Virgil, and his success opens new doors for young people, for people who come from all sorts of different backgrounds. But the real question is does the fashion world understand what’s happening? I get the impression that people in the business think they have to like Virgil or streetwear because it’s the trend right now. I’ve seen a lot of trends over the past eight years. When I started out, I couldn’t wait to be old because it conferred a certain legitimacy. Whereas now being young is a form of legitimacy.   In an interview on CNN you argued in favour of ethnic diversity in fashion shows and shoots. Ethnic diversity in fashion is something that’s finally happening and I’m pleased about that. But what hurt me a lot at certain times in fashion was that sometimes people claimed their take was artistic or modern when in fact it was simply archaic and racist. I was very shocked by that. It’s not enough to do oversize and Neoprene to be modern. You can’t defend something that’s disrespectful. People called me “vulgar” because of some of my casting choices, whereas they’ll say that someone who picks only skinny blue-eyed blondes is modern. If that’s the Holy Grail sought after by the fashion élite, then I’d rather not be part of it.   I’ve heard talk that there’s a film coming out about you in 2019. Yes, a director has been shooting a movie about me for the past year. It’s about both my professional and private life. It will be a message of hope for many young people. In the movie I show people an Olivier they don’t know.   You often talk about your childhood in Bordeaux as an adopted son. Is it important for you to remain anchored in the real? I’m anchored in two sets of origins, one that I know and the other which I don’t. The one I know is my parents in Bordeaux, who I wouldn’t call conservative but certainly very French, who taught me wonderful values. And then there’s the origins of my birth, about which I know nothing, but which give me an appetite for diversity and to open France up to a far-off and unknown world. I’ve never met my biological parents, so I have absolutely no idea where my skin colour comes from.   Does this missing part in your past motivate you to go further? Yes, because I’m afraid of nothing. When you don’t know where you come from, you’ve no limits in imagining where you might go. I’m a survivor, a warrior. When you’ve been through a lot of pain, nothing hurts you anymore. When I was little, the other kids called me “the bastard” because I was black and my parents were white. Even in my own family people were very critical. When my parents decided to adopt a non- white child, my grandparents didn’t understand it. Other people’s views of me have always been very hard. I don’t want to sound like a victim because that’s not me – you know me. But today when someone calls me vulgar or too sexy, when people make fun of me because of a few selfies, I don’t care. I’ve been through far worse.   Your ability to remain sincere and accessible is something that’s become very rare in the fashion world, where designers tightly control their image through armies of press assistants. I think honesty always pays off. I can’t live a lie. Everything might stop tomorrow, so every day I try to be myself. I’m too frightened of waking up one day and saying I tried too hard to please others, that I didn’t express who I was. When I was young, I wanted to own my skin colour and my white parents, and later I wanted to own my homosexuality – I didn’t want to hide who I was. And I still have absolutely no desire to pretend to be someone else today. Model: Julie Trichot from Viva Model Management. Hairstyle: Anna Cofone with R + Co from The Wall Group. Makeup: Tiziana Raimondo with Nars Cosmetics from The Wall Group. Porduction assistants: Fernando Damasceno and Celine Bourreau. Decor: Thomas Bird from Bryant Artists. Production: Guillaume Terrasson from Michele Filomeno. Probably the most caustic of documentary photographers, for the last 30 years Martin Parr has been portraying our consumerist societies with a technicolour vitriol. From international tourism and the popular, concreted beach resort of New Brighton to gaudy junk food and high society cocktail parties… The British photographer affirms his biting humour and subjectivity worthy of a true auteur once again with a series of shots commissioned by Gucci.     With #TimeToParr, the Italain house has invited Martin Parr to photograph its collection of watches at some of its favourite places, the Gucci Places: Chatsworth House in Derbyshire, Bibo in Hong Kong, Waltz in Tokyo, The Biblioteca Angelica in Rome, Maison Assouline in London, the County Museum of Art (LACMA) in Los Angeles, the Castello Sonnino near Florence, its own Gucci Garden and Dapper Dan’s atelier in Harlem… A long and gorgeous journey for this special project conceived for Instagram. Probably the most caustic of documentary photographers, for the last 30 years Martin Parr has been portraying our consumerist societies with a technicolour vitriol. From international tourism and the popular, concreted beach resort of New Brighton to gaudy junk food and high society cocktail parties… The British photographer affirms his biting humour and subjectivity worthy of a true auteur once again with a series of shots commissioned by Gucci.     With #TimeToParr, the Italain house has invited Martin Parr to photograph its collection of watches at some of its favourite places, the Gucci Places: Chatsworth House in Derbyshire, Bibo in Hong Kong, Waltz in Tokyo, The Biblioteca Angelica in Rome, Maison Assouline in London, the County Museum of Art (LACMA) in Los Angeles, the Castello Sonnino near Florence, its own Gucci Garden and Dapper Dan’s atelier in Harlem… A long and gorgeous journey for this special project conceived for Instagram. Like most of Martin Parr’s work, the stars of this project are unknown: the employees or owners of these “Gucci Places”, the visitors and tourists… These travel diaries expose Martin Parr’s love of the unexpected, his fascination for reality and quite often, the ridiculous.  With the release of this new campaign, Martin Parr answered a few of our questions:   Which of the Gucci Places (favourite places of the house where you shot the visuals) most piqued your curiosity? Martin Parr: The Castello Sonnino, near Florence, a home that’s belonged to the same family for generations. The owners were the most amazing characters bursting with energy, it was a joy to photograph them.    How do you create an image? Do you carefully craft every aspect of the photograph or are you happy to seize the moment?  I never put anything in place beforehand, I’m a naturally curious person who uses photography as a means to capture the world as I see it at that instant. Probably the most caustic of documentary photographers, for the last 30 years Martin Parr has been portraying our consumerist societies with a technicolour vitriol. From international tourism and the popular, concreted beach resort of New Brighton to gaudy junk food and high society cocktail parties… The British photographer affirms his biting humour and subjectivity worthy of a true auteur once again with a series of shots commissioned by Gucci.     With #TimeToParr, the Italain house has invited Martin Parr to photograph its collection of watches at some of its favourite places, the Gucci Places: Chatsworth House in Derbyshire, Bibo in Hong Kong, Waltz in Tokyo, The Biblioteca Angelica in Rome, Maison Assouline in London, the County Museum of Art (LACMA) in Los Angeles, the Castello Sonnino near Florence, its own Gucci Garden and Dapper Dan’s atelier in Harlem… A long and gorgeous journey for this special project conceived for Instagram. Like most of Martin Parr’s work, the stars of this project are unknown: the employees or owners of these “Gucci Places”, the visitors and tourists… These travel diaries expose Martin Parr’s love of the unexpected, his fascination for reality and quite often, the ridiculous.  With the release of this new campaign, Martin Parr answered a few of our questions:   Which of the Gucci Places (favourite places of the house where you shot the visuals) most piqued your curiosity? Martin Parr: The Castello Sonnino, near Florence, a home that’s belonged to the same family for generations. The owners were the most amazing characters bursting with energy, it was a joy to photograph them.    How do you create an image? Do you carefully craft every aspect of the photograph or are you happy to seize the moment?  I never put anything in place beforehand, I’m a naturally curious person who uses photography as a means to capture the world as I see it at that instant. What do you think the success of Instagram says about our society? And more generally the fact that anyone can take a photo anywhere and at any time? I remain fascinated by our need to photograph everything we do, see and taste. The photographic recording and this irrepressible desire to share it has practically destroyed the experience itself. Tourism is the most obvious example.    How do you know if a photo is good? How do you choose a particular photo from the same series, and what makes for good Instagram photos?    You have to take quite a few pictures before getting the right one. I edit the images quickly after taking them and I look for visuals that best describe what I both saw and felt.      Contents of August 2018's Numéro Science-Fiction edition:   A portrait of soul singer Jorja Smith, intimate interviews with Olivier Rousteing, Doublet and Rokh, winners of the 5th LVMH prize, Ora-ïto's favourite places in Marseille, the confessions of artist Lisa Jo, Spike Lee’s new film BlacKkKlansman, the Albert Oehlen exhibition at the Palazzo Grassi, Japanese art with the Fukami exhibition at the Hôtel Salomon de Rothschild, Kohei Nawa's golden throne at the Louvre, the architecture of Frida Escobedo, creator of this summer’s pavilion at the Serpentine Gallery, the hyper-realist photographs of Jean Baudrillard plus fashion shoots by Daniel Sannwald, Hugh Lippe, Warren Du Preez and Nick Thornton, Katja Mayer, and Nhu Xuan Hua.   Discover the August 2018 Science-Fiction edition of Numéro, available on news stands and on the iPad from July 19th.     → Suscribe to Numéro
→ Suscribe to the iPad App Originally from Turin, Carlo Mollino was famous for his work as a designer and architect, his love of fast cars and acrobatic planes… Then 2000 erotic photos were found at his home after he passed away. Endless shots of women in suggestive poses testify to his talent for photography. Standing in a corset and suspenders, seated on a chair legs akimbo, nude backs and derrieres, gazing defiantly back at the photographer. But more than just a load of cheeky pictures they attest to a certain artistry with their carefully composed mise-en-scenes, their delicate – if sparse – attire and their yellowy-orange grain. Occasionally Carlo Mollino would paint his Polaroids making them blurred and giving them a dreamlike aesthetic.    For the women’s fall-winter 2018/19 Moschino pre-collection, creative director Jeremy Scott pays tribute to the talent of the photographer and features his Polaroids over coats, jackets, dresses in velvet and flounced chiffon as well as bags. The leather thigh boots in red or black contrast with the colours of the clothes in a palette of yellow, brown and green. He revives the silhouettes of these unknown women while celebrating the feminine physique.      Items will be available for sale on Moschino.com and at the brand’s main stores in Milan, Rome, London, Paris, New York and Los Angeles.     Model: Edita Vilkeviciute from Viva Paris. Hairstyle: Jordi Fontanals from Talents. Makeup: Victor Alvarez from Kasteel Artist Management. Production assistant: Juliette Da Luz. Set: Atelier Cristina Ramos. Danser and choreographer: Wajdi Gagui. Digital: Carles B. Arnan. Modification: Hempstead May. Production: 1001 Prods. Model: Lily Stewart from Oui Management. Hairstyle: Rob Talty with IGK Hair from Forward Artists. Makeup: Sandy Ganzer with Chanel from Forward Artists. Manicure: Ashlie Johnson from The Wall Group. Production assistants: Sophie Houdré and Ewa Kluczenko. Set: Maxim Jezek from Walter Schupfer Management, Ashton Leech and Lukas Geronimas. Modification: Matthew Thomas from Art Works Post Production. Production: Ilona Klaver from Fox & Leopard.  Thanks to Red Studio :   
www.instagram.com/leredstudio www.leredstudio.fr  A provocateur but also an avant-gardist, the British bad boy Lee Alexander McQueen remains one the leading figures of a fashion world that he revolutionised. Entitled McQueen, this new documentary, just under two-hours long, by Ian Bonhôte and Peter Ettedgui retraces the incredible path taken by the designer, from his darkest moments to the most glorious. Through exclusive interviews, previously unseen backstage footage and extracts from his most spectacular runway shows and collections, the documentary invites us to discover the chimerical and often tortured world of the man who adored drama and scandal, and wanted to constantly surprise the industry with unconventional collections.     It’s impossible to forget his incredible hologram of Kate Moss at his 2006 Paris show, his astonishing use of robots in London in 1999, and his visceral décor made to resemble a lunatic asylum of 2001. We all know him as a designer, but this documentary proclaims him an artist. Although deeply melancholic, he wanted to tell stories and transmit messages as shocking as they were moving through a highly sophisticated fashion with Gothic inspiration, mixing nature and fantasy. Guaranteeing runway shows bursting with theatricality, Alexander McQueen presented excessive and opulent conceptions, sprinkled with artistic references relating to dance, painting, music and literature. He even went as far to say, “People don’t want to see clothes, they want to see something that fuels the imagination.”   The McQueen documentary, which has released only a 30-second teaser so far, will be premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival on April 22nd before a limited theatrical release in June.   A smouldering and androgynous icon of the 1980s, a singer, an actress, and muse to Jean-Paul Goude, Andy Warhol and Keith Haring…Grace Jones was one of the original slashers. Armed with her over-sized shoulder pads and eccentric headgear, she dared to cover the great Piaf giving La Vie en Rose a disco dimension, she gave Roger Moore a run for his money in A View to a Kill (1985) and she made a mark on pop culture like few others. In the art world, Grace Jones was a multiple offender. And the cover of her album Nightclubbing of 1981 was the best business card ever.      Grace Jones: Bloodlight and Bami is a raw portrait, a radical immersion into the life of this pop culture icon.    A smouldering and androgynous icon of the 1980s, a singer, an actress, and muse to Jean-Paul Goude, Andy Warhol and Keith Haring…Grace Jones was one of the original slashers. Armed with her over-sized shoulder pads and eccentric headgear, she dared to cover the great Piaf giving La Vie en Rose a disco dimension, she gave Roger Moore a run for his money in A View to a Kill (1985) and she made a mark on pop culture like few others. In the art world, Grace Jones was a multiple offender. And the cover of her album Nightclubbing of 1981 was the best business card ever.      Grace Jones: Bloodlight and Bami is a raw portrait, a radical immersion into the life of this pop culture icon.  For ten years, British director Sophie Fiennes, sister of the actor Ralph, hung out with the giant. Hailed for her documentary Your Cities Grass Will Grow (2010) about the visual artist Anselm Kiefer, this time the director followed Grace Jones for a decade to finally unveil the multiple facets of this Jamaican woman, from her private life to her monumental stage shows.    Presented at last year’s Toronto International Film Festival, GraceJones: Bloodlight and Bami is a raw and authentic portrait that (rightly so) defies conventions. Beyond being a simple biography that uses archive images interspersed with interviews, Sophie Fiennes proposes a radical immersion into the life of an icon. Grace Jones is in turn, a daughter, a mother, a businesswoman, and a born performer. In the era of #MeToo, the documentary Grace Jones: Bloodlight and Bami is nothing if not timely, because in the words of the director, “Grace is an artist not a brand”.     Grace Jones: Bloodlight and Bami, by Sophie Fiennes, already released. Numéro: So, in good shape? Karl Lagerfeld: Yes, as long as it’s not in the plural. That said I don’t get fat anymore. I was on a diet for 15 years, but now I can eat all I want without ever gaining a gram. It’s very strange.   Age has no hold over you! It all depends on the conditions in which you age. If you do it by avoiding excess, and in great luxury, it is effectively quite bearable.   Doesn’t getting old have its fair share of inconveniences? For the time being, I’m not suffering terribly. I’ve had every test under the sun and they can’t find anything wrong. Call me back in ten years and we’ll talk about it again.   At your age though, isn’t it exhausting juggling three brands – Chanel, Fendi and Karl Lagerfeld – and not forgetting all your other extra-curricular activities? No, au contraire, it’s stimulating. All these designers who design exclusively for brands end up finding themselves completely sterilised. By dint of revisiting their own classics, they end up going around in circles, biting their own tails. As far as I’m concerned, I am obliged to constantly reinvent myself by going from one house to the next, which is what also allows me to see what’s happening next door. I’m constantly moving, which stops me from navel-gazing all day and becoming fossilised. Which suits me just fine, because otherwise I get bored. At Chanel I have a contract to do four collections a year – two ready-to-wear and two haute couture – but in fact I do ten, between the ready-to-wear and the couture, the pre-collections, the cruise collection and the Métiers d’Art, not to mention Coco Snow– which isn’t, I assure you, a capsule collection for cokeheads, but a winter sports line – and Coco Beach, for beachwear…   When Raf Simons left Dior, lots was said about how designers are overworked. What do you think about that? Personally, I’ve never complained. And that is exactly why all the other designers hate me. They are only interested in their damn “inspirations”, they can spend an hour deciding where a button should go, or choosing sketches done by their assistants, which riles me to distraction. I am a machine. The worst thing about all of this, is that they try and blame me for their problems with working overtime. Azzedine [Alaïa], for example, before falling down the stairs, claimed that the supposedly unsustainable rhythms in fashion today were entirely my fault, which is absurd. When you are running a billion-dollar business, you must keep up. And if is doesn’t suit you, then you may as well mess around in your bedroom. I’m sorry but last year I lost my two best enemies Pierre Bergé and the other one. Azzedine loathed me, go figure. And for Pierre’s funeral, my florist asked me, “Do you want us to send a cactus?”      “Men’s fashion means little to me. I buy it, of course, but drawing a men’s collection and put up with all those stupid models, no thanks.”     And you and your funeral, do you see it more in Sidi Bou Said like Azzedine, or at the Madeleine? How awful! There will be no burial. I’d rather die. Since those miserable Hallyday family stories, a funeral at the Madeleine looks like a joke. I’ve asked to be cremated and for my ashes to dispersed with those of my mother… and those of Choupette [Karl Lagerfeld’s cat], if she dies before me.   I don’t know what you’ve got against Azzedine. Personally, I loved him and you can’t say he lacked talent… I didn’t say that. I never said anything, I don’t criticise him, even if at the end of his career all he did was make ballet slippers for menopausal fashion victims.   How is it you’re not blasé after sixty years of career? Thank-you for reminding me of my seniority. Blasé? Oh no, never. In German Blase means “bladder”. On the contrary I think I’m quite lazy, that I could do better. I am never happy with myself. I have to give myself a kick up the behind to go forward, and the day of the show, backstage, I always say to myself, “Well my poor girls, with this we’ll not be doing the next one.” I get no satisfaction from the job I do. And that is what pushes me to continue, this permanent dissatisfaction and discontentment.     “If you don’t want to have your pants pulled about, don’t become a model! Join a nunnery, there’ll always be a place for you in the convent. They’re recruiting even!   Numéro: So, in good shape? Karl Lagerfeld: Yes, as long as it’s not in the plural. That said I don’t get fat anymore. I was on a diet for 15 years, but now I can eat all I want without ever gaining a gram. It’s very strange.   Age has no hold over you! It all depends on the conditions in which you age. If you do it by avoiding excess, and in great luxury, it is effectively quite bearable.   Doesn’t getting old have its fair share of inconveniences? For the time being, I’m not suffering terribly. I’ve had every test under the sun and they can’t find anything wrong. Call me back in ten years and we’ll talk about it again.   At your age though, isn’t it exhausting juggling three brands – Chanel, Fendi and Karl Lagerfeld – and not forgetting all your other extra-curricular activities? No, au contraire, it’s stimulating. All these designers who design exclusively for brands end up finding themselves completely sterilised. By dint of revisiting their own classics, they end up going around in circles, biting their own tails. As far as I’m concerned, I am obliged to constantly reinvent myself by going from one house to the next, which is what also allows me to see what’s happening next door. I’m constantly moving, which stops me from navel-gazing all day and becoming fossilised. Which suits me just fine, because otherwise I get bored. At Chanel I have a contract to do four collections a year – two ready-to-wear and two haute couture – but in fact I do ten, between the ready-to-wear and the couture, the pre-collections, the cruise collection and the Métiers d’Art, not to mention Coco Snow– which isn’t, I assure you, a capsule collection for cokeheads, but a winter sports line – and Coco Beach, for beachwear…   When Raf Simons left Dior, lots was said about how designers are overworked. What do you think about that? Personally, I’ve never complained. And that is exactly why all the other designers hate me. They are only interested in their damn “inspirations”, they can spend an hour deciding where a button should go, or choosing sketches done by their assistants, which riles me to distraction. I am a machine. The worst thing about all of this, is that they try and blame me for their problems with working overtime. Azzedine [Alaïa], for example, before falling down the stairs, claimed that the supposedly unsustainable rhythms in fashion today were entirely my fault, which is absurd. When you are running a billion-dollar business, you must keep up. And if is doesn’t suit you, then you may as well mess around in your bedroom. I’m sorry but last year I lost my two best enemies Pierre Bergé and the other one. Azzedine loathed me, go figure. And for Pierre’s funeral, my florist asked me, “Do you want us to send a cactus?”      “Men’s fashion means little to me. I buy it, of course, but drawing a men’s collection and put up with all those stupid models, no thanks.”     And you and your funeral, do you see it more in Sidi Bou Said like Azzedine, or at the Madeleine? How awful! There will be no burial. I’d rather die. Since those miserable Hallyday family stories, a funeral at the Madeleine looks like a joke. I’ve asked to be cremated and for my ashes to dispersed with those of my mother… and those of Choupette [Karl Lagerfeld’s cat], if she dies before me.   I don’t know what you’ve got against Azzedine. Personally, I loved him and you can’t say he lacked talent… I didn’t say that. I never said anything, I don’t criticise him, even if at the end of his career all he did was make ballet slippers for menopausal fashion victims.   How is it you’re not blasé after sixty years of career? Thank-you for reminding me of my seniority. Blasé? Oh no, never. In German Blase means “bladder”. On the contrary I think I’m quite lazy, that I could do better. I am never happy with myself. I have to give myself a kick up the behind to go forward, and the day of the show, backstage, I always say to myself, “Well my poor girls, with this we’ll not be doing the next one.” I get no satisfaction from the job I do. And that is what pushes me to continue, this permanent dissatisfaction and discontentment.     “If you don’t want to have your pants pulled about, don’t become a model! Join a nunnery, there’ll always be a place for you in the convent. They’re recruiting even!   Anyway, moving on, today is International Women’s Day… For me Women’s Day is every day of the year. Men’s fashion does little for me. I buy it of course, and I’m delighted that Hedi [Slimane] is going to Céline but drawing a men’s collection and having to put up with all those stupid models, no thanks. Not to mention the fact with all their accusations of harassment they have become quite toxic. No, no, no, don’t leave me alone with one of those sordid creatures.   At what age did you start to prefer men over women? Whoever told you I preferred men to women? Where did you get that certainty from?   If you could slip into the skin of a first lady, would you be Brigitte, Carla or Bernadette? I am friends with them both, so I won’t answer that question.   I cited three ladies… Bernadette is a woman from another planet, a French woman of another era. Carla, I have worked with a lot, so I consider her a friend. As for Madame Macron, I’d already met her before her husband entered politics, and I like her a lot. Anyway, these three women are so utterly different that I think your question makes no sense, in fact its completely stupid. Personally, I adore Mrs Obama. I fell for her when an American journalist asked her if her leather skirts weren’t a little tight for a first lady, and Michelle Obama answered, “Why, don’t you like my big black ass?”   Come to mention it, we didn’t see you at the grand fashion dinner held by Bribri and Manu at the Élysée during the shows… did you have a headache? I never go out the night before a show, it’s bad luck.   And yet I clearly remember having seen you at an Apple Watch launch at Colette on the very morning of a show once… It was the actual morning of the show, which is different: the dice have been thrown and you can do nothing about it.   What do you think about #MeToo? I’m fed up with it. I don’t even eat pig [in France the movement’s known as #BalanceTonPorc] What shocks me most in all of this are the starlets who have taken 20 years to remember what happened. Not to mention the fact there are no prosecution witnesses. That said I cannot stand Mr Weinstein. I had a problem with him at amfAR [the amfAR Gala is organised during the Cannes Film Festival in the fight against AIDS] …   Did he try and drag you into his hotel room too? No, it wasn’t of a sexual nature, but a professional one. I’ll spare you the details, but he isn’t exactly what you might call a man of his word.   Have movements like #MeToo and #Time’sUp affected the way you approach your work? Absolutely not. I read somewhere that now you must ask a model if she is comfortable with posing. Its simply too much, from now on, as a designer, you can’t do anything. As for the accusations against the poor Karl Templar [creative director at Interview magazine], I don’t believe a single word of it. A girl complained he tried to pull her pants down and he is instantly excommunicated from a profession that up until then had venerated him. Its unbelievable. If you don’t want your pants pulled about, don’t become a model! Join a nunnery, there’ll always be a place for you in the convent. They’re recruiting even!   During an interview in 2010, you told me you were thinking about Haider Ackermann as your replacement at Chanel… Yes, but that was a long time ago.   And today who do you seeing doing that? I don’t propose anything or anyone, because the house of Chanel doesn’t belong to me. Marc Jacobs, who I adore, also dreamed of replacing me… When I first knew him, he was 17 years old working as an assistant for my friend Perry Ellis. Alas when he was made artistic director there, he got fired because of his grunge collection which didn’t work at all.     Between Virgil Abloh, Jacquemus and Jonathan Anderson, who would you willingly take to a dessert island to end your days with?“I’d kill myself first.” Numéro: So, in good shape? Karl Lagerfeld: Yes, as long as it’s not in the plural. That said I don’t get fat anymore. I was on a diet for 15 years, but now I can eat all I want without ever gaining a gram. It’s very strange.   Age has no hold over you! It all depends on the conditions in which you age. If you do it by avoiding excess, and in great luxury, it is effectively quite bearable.   Doesn’t getting old have its fair share of inconveniences? For the time being, I’m not suffering terribly. I’ve had every test under the sun and they can’t find anything wrong. Call me back in ten years and we’ll talk about it again.   At your age though, isn’t it exhausting juggling three brands – Chanel, Fendi and Karl Lagerfeld – and not forgetting all your other extra-curricular activities? No, au contraire, it’s stimulating. All these designers who design exclusively for brands end up finding themselves completely sterilised. By dint of revisiting their own classics, they end up going around in circles, biting their own tails. As far as I’m concerned, I am obliged to constantly reinvent myself by going from one house to the next, which is what also allows me to see what’s happening next door. I’m constantly moving, which stops me from navel-gazing all day and becoming fossilised. Which suits me just fine, because otherwise I get bored. At Chanel I have a contract to do four collections a year – two ready-to-wear and two haute couture – but in fact I do ten, between the ready-to-wear and the couture, the pre-collections, the cruise collection and the Métiers d’Art, not to mention Coco Snow– which isn’t, I assure you, a capsule collection for cokeheads, but a winter sports line – and Coco Beach, for beachwear…   When Raf Simons left Dior, lots was said about how designers are overworked. What do you think about that? Personally, I’ve never complained. And that is exactly why all the other designers hate me. They are only interested in their damn “inspirations”, they can spend an hour deciding where a button should go, or choosing sketches done by their assistants, which riles me to distraction. I am a machine. The worst thing about all of this, is that they try and blame me for their problems with working overtime. Azzedine [Alaïa], for example, before falling down the stairs, claimed that the supposedly unsustainable rhythms in fashion today were entirely my fault, which is absurd. When you are running a billion-dollar business, you must keep up. And if is doesn’t suit you, then you may as well mess around in your bedroom. I’m sorry but last year I lost my two best enemies Pierre Bergé and the other one. Azzedine loathed me, go figure. And for Pierre’s funeral, my florist asked me, “Do you want us to send a cactus?”      “Men’s fashion means little to me. I buy it, of course, but drawing a men’s collection and put up with all those stupid models, no thanks.”     And you and your funeral, do you see it more in Sidi Bou Said like Azzedine, or at the Madeleine? How awful! There will be no burial. I’d rather die. Since those miserable Hallyday family stories, a funeral at the Madeleine looks like a joke. I’ve asked to be cremated and for my ashes to dispersed with those of my mother… and those of Choupette [Karl Lagerfeld’s cat], if she dies before me.   I don’t know what you’ve got against Azzedine. Personally, I loved him and you can’t say he lacked talent… I didn’t say that. I never said anything, I don’t criticise him, even if at the end of his career all he did was make ballet slippers for menopausal fashion victims.   How is it you’re not blasé after sixty years of career? Thank-you for reminding me of my seniority. Blasé? Oh no, never. In German Blase means “bladder”. On the contrary I think I’m quite lazy, that I could do better. I am never happy with myself. I have to give myself a kick up the behind to go forward, and the day of the show, backstage, I always say to myself, “Well my poor girls, with this we’ll not be doing the next one.” I get no satisfaction from the job I do. And that is what pushes me to continue, this permanent dissatisfaction and discontentment.     “If you don’t want to have your pants pulled about, don’t become a model! Join a nunnery, there’ll always be a place for you in the convent. They’re recruiting even!   Anyway, moving on, today is International Women’s Day… For me Women’s Day is every day of the year. Men’s fashion does little for me. I buy it of course, and I’m delighted that Hedi [Slimane] is going to Céline but drawing a men’s collection and having to put up with all those stupid models, no thanks. Not to mention the fact with all their accusations of harassment they have become quite toxic. No, no, no, don’t leave me alone with one of those sordid creatures.   At what age did you start to prefer men over women? Whoever told you I preferred men to women? Where did you get that certainty from?   If you could slip into the skin of a first lady, would you be Brigitte, Carla or Bernadette? I am friends with them both, so I won’t answer that question.   I cited three ladies… Bernadette is a woman from another planet, a French woman of another era. Carla, I have worked with a lot, so I consider her a friend. As for Madame Macron, I’d already met her before her husband entered politics, and I like her a lot. Anyway, these three women are so utterly different that I think your question makes no sense, in fact its completely stupid. Personally, I adore Mrs Obama. I fell for her when an American journalist asked her if her leather skirts weren’t a little tight for a first lady, and Michelle Obama answered, “Why, don’t you like my big black ass?”   Come to mention it, we didn’t see you at the grand fashion dinner held by Bribri and Manu at the Élysée during the shows… did you have a headache? I never go out the night before a show, it’s bad luck.   And yet I clearly remember having seen you at an Apple Watch launch at Colette on the very morning of a show once… It was the actual morning of the show, which is different: the dice have been thrown and you can do nothing about it.   What do you think about #MeToo? I’m fed up with it. I don’t even eat pig [in France the movement’s known as #BalanceTonPorc] What shocks me most in all of this are the starlets who have taken 20 years to remember what happened. Not to mention the fact there are no prosecution witnesses. That said I cannot stand Mr Weinstein. I had a problem with him at amfAR [the amfAR Gala is organised during the Cannes Film Festival in the fight against AIDS] …   Did he try and drag you into his hotel room too? No, it wasn’t of a sexual nature, but a professional one. I’ll spare you the details, but he isn’t exactly what you might call a man of his word.   Have movements like #MeToo and #Time’sUp affected the way you approach your work? Absolutely not. I read somewhere that now you must ask a model if she is comfortable with posing. Its simply too much, from now on, as a designer, you can’t do anything. As for the accusations against the poor Karl Templar [creative director at Interview magazine], I don’t believe a single word of it. A girl complained he tried to pull her pants down and he is instantly excommunicated from a profession that up until then had venerated him. Its unbelievable. If you don’t want your pants pulled about, don’t become a model! Join a nunnery, there’ll always be a place for you in the convent. They’re recruiting even!   During an interview in 2010, you told me you were thinking about Haider Ackermann as your replacement at Chanel… Yes, but that was a long time ago.   And today who do you seeing doing that? I don’t propose anything or anyone, because the house of Chanel doesn’t belong to me. Marc Jacobs, who I adore, also dreamed of replacing me… When I first knew him, he was 17 years old working as an assistant for my friend Perry Ellis. Alas when he was made artistic director there, he got fired because of his grunge collection which didn’t work at all.     Between Virgil Abloh, Jacquemus and Jonathan Anderson, who would you willingly take to a dessert island to end your days with?“I’d kill myself first.”   Can you rank these three designers in descending order of talent? Simon Porte Jacquemus, Virgil Abloh and Jonathan Anderson? The designers I prefer, in disorder, Marine Serre – 1m50 but a will of steel – Jacquemus, who makes me laugh… and who is rather pretty too. He is funny, yes. And to conclude J. W. Anderson, even if his approach is occasionally over intellectualised – undoubtedly, I haven’t done the required studies.     Between Virgil Abloh, Jacquemus and Jonathan Anderson, who would you willingly take to a dessert island to end your days with?
“I’d kill myself first.”   How did you get the idea of growing a goatee? I had one in the famous portrait of me taken by Helmut Newton 40 years ago, and I wanted to rediscover the feeling of having one again, to see if after all these years, it was still just as bothersome. What is funny is that with all these whiskers I look a lot like Choupette… we’re really like an old couple. In fact, she maintains it for me, we sleep on the same pillow and she spends her life licking it.   I don’t think of you as very hairy… How long did it take to grow? I’ve been growing it since Christmas. But you are right, the strange thing is, so to speak, I don’t a hair on my body.     Just the beard. Well and the hair on my head too.   You have no underarm hair? No, not much, not a bush.   You’re completely hair free? Well let’s just say I have it where it should be. But I don’t have a hairy chest for example, or a hairy back – thank God! – or hairy thighs…   Talking about hair, I read somewhere that you’ve named Choupette as the heir to your vast fortune… Among others, yes. Don’t worry, there is enough for everyone.   And how much is this vast fortune of yours? I’m certainly not Bernard Arnault, I’ll tell you right away. It’s not like I have 72 billion euros in my current account.   But I thought it was forbidden in France to leave anything in your will to your hamster or guinea pig? Well it’s lucky I’m not French then.   You recently launched a capsule collection for your own brand with Sébastien Jondeau, your personal assistant for the last 20 years… What are his main qualities, apart from being built like a Greek god and gap-toothed like Vanessa Paradis? Sébastien corresponds with a certain kind of man aged 35 – 40 who cannot find anything to wear. He embodies a male canon that is the complete opposite of those skinny things with wonky teeth we generally see on runways… They certainly don’t run the risk of getting harassed. To be honest what they really need is a good dentist.   When one’s a genius like you, what do you arm yourself with on a daily basis, an infinite patience and great indulgence for dealing with others, often less spirited? A genius? It’s you who said it. When I was young, my mother always said to me that I was stupid, she called me “Mule”. I’ve probably just been overcompensating ever since. And I’m not surrounded by idiots, I have fantastic teams. So, when it comes to the retarded and other ignoramuses, I don’t see them, I don’t know them…   Apart from me… You give yourself too much importance.   Hedi Slimane, the man set to shake up Céline   When Céline announced at the end of December 2017 that its artistic director of ten years, the incredibly discrete English woman Phoebe Philo, would be leaving, a world crumbled, one of a radical minimalism and laid-back intelligence. Between her rigorous cuts, artistic references and ultra-desirable collections, the commercial success she has generated will be hard to live up to. But the LVMH group hit back hard with the announcement of her successor in January 2018: none other than Hedi Simane. And to make things even more exciting, the French designer and photographer, long coveted by Bernard Arnault, will also be developing menswear, haute couture and perfumes.    At the dawn of the 2000s the visionary Hedi Slimane imposed an androgynous and rock silhouette at Dior Homme. This approach was reiterated with even greater success at Saint Laurent between 2012 and 2015, doubling the company’s turnover (from 353 million euros in 2011 to 707 million in 2014). Saint Laurent, under the leadership of Belgian designer Anthony Vaccarello has continued the Slimane legacy electrifying collections with a major dose of sexy irreverence.    With Hedi Slimane loyal to one vision only - his - and his mastery of the strata of a fashion and luxury house (designing everything from advertisements to the boutiques), as he did at Saint Laurent, will Celine live up to his expectations? The question also arises whether he’ll be applying his rock bohemian aesthetic, adored by rock stars and the music world in general, from the Rolling Stones to Daft Punk, challenging the artistic directions taken by Dior Homme and especially Saint Laurent. Watch this space…     Hedi Slimane, the man set to shake up Céline   When Céline announced at the end of December 2017 that its artistic director of ten years, the incredibly discrete English woman Phoebe Philo, would be leaving, a world crumbled, one of a radical minimalism and laid-back intelligence. Between her rigorous cuts, artistic references and ultra-desirable collections, the commercial success she has generated will be hard to live up to. But the LVMH group hit back hard with the announcement of her successor in January 2018: none other than Hedi Simane. And to make things even more exciting, the French designer and photographer, long coveted by Bernard Arnault, will also be developing menswear, haute couture and perfumes.    At the dawn of the 2000s the visionary Hedi Slimane imposed an androgynous and rock silhouette at Dior Homme. This approach was reiterated with even greater success at Saint Laurent between 2012 and 2015, doubling the company’s turnover (from 353 million euros in 2011 to 707 million in 2014). Saint Laurent, under the leadership of Belgian designer Anthony Vaccarello has continued the Slimane legacy electrifying collections with a major dose of sexy irreverence.    With Hedi Slimane loyal to one vision only - his - and his mastery of the strata of a fashion and luxury house (designing everything from advertisements to the boutiques), as he did at Saint Laurent, will Celine live up to his expectations? The question also arises whether he’ll be applying his rock bohemian aesthetic, adored by rock stars and the music world in general, from the Rolling Stones to Daft Punk, challenging the artistic directions taken by Dior Homme and especially Saint Laurent. Watch this space…     After Kris Van Assche, Kim Jones for Dior Homme   The direct successor of Hedi Slimane at Dior Homme, Kris Van Assche prolonged his rock vision for 11 years, adding sport references and adhering neatly to the tailoring spirit of the couture house. When Pietro Beccari, the newly appointed CEO of Christian Dior Couture, recently announced the Belgian designer was leaving, Kim Jones slipped neatly into his place following a stylish departure (with Kate Moss and Naomie Campbell on his arms) from Louis Vuitton Homme in January.    Appointed by Marc Jacobs in 2011, Kim Jones discreetly imbued menswear at Louis Vuitton with a strong identity. In 2017 Kim Jones found himself in the limelight as the first artistic director of the luxury house to be associated with a streetwear label. The pieces resulting from his collaboration with Supreme, the cult New York label that send crowds of fans wild with $50 white t-shirts, sold out in hours to then be sold at exorbitant prices on the internet.    Knighted by both Marc Jacobs and John Galliano, with a childhood spent travelling, and an adolescence obsessing over skateboarding, streetwear and sub-cultures, Kim Jones knew how to immerse himself in the world of Louis Vuitton and its heritage of luggage, leather goods and accessories, injecting a serious dose of cool, sportswear and elegance. In a decade strongly marked by the clash of high fashion and streetwear, and dominated by the culture of collaboration and happenings, Kim Jones established himself as the ideal candidate to take over the illustrious Dior Homme, where the Slimane spirit still hovers. We now have to wait until June 2018 to discover his first runway show. 
    Hedi Slimane, the man set to shake up Céline   When Céline announced at the end of December 2017 that its artistic director of ten years, the incredibly discrete English woman Phoebe Philo, would be leaving, a world crumbled, one of a radical minimalism and laid-back intelligence. Between her rigorous cuts, artistic references and ultra-desirable collections, the commercial success she has generated will be hard to live up to. But the LVMH group hit back hard with the announcement of her successor in January 2018: none other than Hedi Simane. And to make things even more exciting, the French designer and photographer, long coveted by Bernard Arnault, will also be developing menswear, haute couture and perfumes.    At the dawn of the 2000s the visionary Hedi Slimane imposed an androgynous and rock silhouette at Dior Homme. This approach was reiterated with even greater success at Saint Laurent between 2012 and 2015, doubling the company’s turnover (from 353 million euros in 2011 to 707 million in 2014). Saint Laurent, under the leadership of Belgian designer Anthony Vaccarello has continued the Slimane legacy electrifying collections with a major dose of sexy irreverence.    With Hedi Slimane loyal to one vision only - his - and his mastery of the strata of a fashion and luxury house (designing everything from advertisements to the boutiques), as he did at Saint Laurent, will Celine live up to his expectations? The question also arises whether he’ll be applying his rock bohemian aesthetic, adored by rock stars and the music world in general, from the Rolling Stones to Daft Punk, challenging the artistic directions taken by Dior Homme and especially Saint Laurent. Watch this space…     After Kris Van Assche, Kim Jones for Dior Homme   The direct successor of Hedi Slimane at Dior Homme, Kris Van Assche prolonged his rock vision for 11 years, adding sport references and adhering neatly to the tailoring spirit of the couture house. When Pietro Beccari, the newly appointed CEO of Christian Dior Couture, recently announced the Belgian designer was leaving, Kim Jones slipped neatly into his place following a stylish departure (with Kate Moss and Naomie Campbell on his arms) from Louis Vuitton Homme in January.    Appointed by Marc Jacobs in 2011, Kim Jones discreetly imbued menswear at Louis Vuitton with a strong identity. In 2017 Kim Jones found himself in the limelight as the first artistic director of the luxury house to be associated with a streetwear label. The pieces resulting from his collaboration with Supreme, the cult New York label that send crowds of fans wild with $50 white t-shirts, sold out in hours to then be sold at exorbitant prices on the internet.    Knighted by both Marc Jacobs and John Galliano, with a childhood spent travelling, and an adolescence obsessing over skateboarding, streetwear and sub-cultures, Kim Jones knew how to immerse himself in the world of Louis Vuitton and its heritage of luggage, leather goods and accessories, injecting a serious dose of cool, sportswear and elegance. In a decade strongly marked by the clash of high fashion and streetwear, and dominated by the culture of collaboration and happenings, Kim Jones established himself as the ideal candidate to take over the illustrious Dior Homme, where the Slimane spirit still hovers. We now have to wait until June 2018 to discover his first runway show. 
    Riccardo Tisci, an Italian at the very English Burberry   Showered with accolades for his collections that have energetically revisited the heritage of Burberry, Christopher Bailey, president and chief creative officer, ended up embodying the very soul of the British house. Completely unexpected, his departure had everyone in doubt over possible replacements: Phoebe Philo and/or Kim Jones. Finally, it was Riccardo Tisci who was chosen to take over.    As artistic director at Givenchy from 2005 to 2017, the Italian, largely influenced by his roots and sportswear – as evidenced by numerous collaborations with Nike – established a unique aesthetic, at the crossroads between romantic-gothic and urban street. His irreverence - he had fun with symbols from contemporary culture (the Virgin Mary or Bambi on his sweatshirts), he photographed the first transgender model, Lea T, in a luxury campaign and counts among his devotees, performance artist Marina Abramovic and musicians including Kanye West and Beyoncé - quickly earned him cult status. In 12 years Riccardo Tisci took the house of Givenchy to the pinnacles of the fashion industry and star-system.    At Burberry, Riccardo Tisci rejoins CEO Marco Gobbetti, who had originally appointed him at Givenchy in 2005, and is entrusted with the task of rethinking the very smooth English house, from ready-to-wear to accessories, in an era where high fashion is fused with streetwear. While Clare Waight Keller will be revisiting pre-Tisci Givenchy heritage, and the high fashion/streetwear fusion is pretty much everywhere these days, the Italian designer, much followed and much loved, will undoubtedly mix references (religious, ethnic, punk, streetwear, sportswear and haute couture) with a rare virtuosity, leaving him carte blanche to perform miracles at Burberry. Its graphic silhouette and cannage motif have made it an instantly recognisable icon. Sported by Lady Diana during a trip to the City of Lights, then Marion Cotillard in the ad campaigns, the Lady Dior bag is a synthesis of elegance and timeless Parisian glamour. Its understated geometric form make it the perfect blank canvas and a privileged terrain of expression for adventurous spirits. And so, the house of Dior has invited a clutch of artists to interpret it as they choose…    Between 29th and 31st March, the exhibition “Lady Dior As Seen By” which gave carte blanche to artists to reinterpret this emblematic accessory, is stopping over at Art Basel in Hong Kong. A selection of exceptional works of art, including numerous photographs and sculptures will be unveiled at the city’s Convention and Exhibition Centre. Olympia Scarry, Kate McGwire, Kohei Nawa, and Ren Hwang are among the artists invited to take part in this newest tribute to the powerful link between Christian Dior and the art world.    Level 3 concourse Hong Kong Convention & Exhibition Centre 1 Harbour Road, Wan Chai, Hong Kong At just 25, British model and actress Cara Delevingne has already clocked up over ten years in the business, with a CV that counts 11 films and over 140 runway shows for the world’s most prestigious fashion houses. Born in London, she’s the daughter of a former personal shopper at Selfridge’s and a property developer, both with aristocratic origins, and was spotted at the age of 15 by Sarah Doukas, founder of Storm Model Management, whose discoveries famously include Kate Moss, in 1988. With her rebel air, haughty look and thick eyebrows, Delevingne soon conquered the major magazines and fashion houses, but in parallel began to emerge as one of the leaders in a new generation of top models who make clever use of social media, and in particular Instagram, to take control of their own image. With 41 million followers, Delevingne’s voice counts and, like the model and activist Adwoa Aboah, she uses her fame to transmit a message of respect and tolerance. She also showcases her daily life with humour, demonstrating a capacity for self mockery that reveals the born actress in her – an aptitude that hasn’t gone unnoticed, since the seventh art has been calling on her talents since 2012. In just five years she has notched up a filmography that includes the costume drama Anna Karenina (with Keira Knightley), the blockbuster Suicide Squad and the latest Luc Besson movie, Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets. Just recently she’s added two new strings to her bow, with a first song for the soundtrack of Valerian and a first novel, Mirror, Mirror. Where modelling is concerned, Delevingne is now the new face of Dior’s skincare line Capture Youth. She told Numéro all about her meteoric career rise   Numéro: After a career début as a model and muse for the greatest fashion houses, you’ve recently become an actress, for example in Luc Besson’s Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets, a singer with the track I Feel Everything and a published author with the novel Mirror, Mirror. Where does this multidisciplinarity come from?  Cara Delevingne: I’ve always had a passion for the arts so this was an inevitable transition. I love getting to disappear into a character when acting or creating characters while writing. This diversity of disciplines allows me to express all my creativity and is a great expression of my imagination.   Looking at your filmography, the diversity of roles you’ve accepted is very striking – a costume drama like Anna Karenina, action films such as Suicide Squad or Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets, or the modern-dress drama Tulip Fever with Alicia Vikander. How do you choose them? Yes, I do choose films that are very different, because I like getting under the skin of characters that have absolutely nothing to do with each other. But what they have in common is that I’m always attracted to characters that are strong and bold. In my novel, the characters are all teenagers. Their age was imperative to the story, but I also think it was important to create a narrative that allowed teenagers to learn to accept who they are as individuals. We’ve all been through adolescence – it’s when you evolve, start to learn who you are, construct your personality. I based the novel on diaries I kept when I was younger, looking back at my own life and how those issues affected me then.     “I believe that society often wants to put people in a box, and I feel it’s important for people to know that individuality is beautiful, whether it’s to do with the way you look or who you love. In my interviews, or even in the roles I choose, I always try to get across the idea that believing in who you are is important.”   At just 25, British model and actress Cara Delevingne has already clocked up over ten years in the business, with a CV that counts 11 films and over 140 runway shows for the world’s most prestigious fashion houses. Born in London, she’s the daughter of a former personal shopper at Selfridge’s and a property developer, both with aristocratic origins, and was spotted at the age of 15 by Sarah Doukas, founder of Storm Model Management, whose discoveries famously include Kate Moss, in 1988. With her rebel air, haughty look and thick eyebrows, Delevingne soon conquered the major magazines and fashion houses, but in parallel began to emerge as one of the leaders in a new generation of top models who make clever use of social media, and in particular Instagram, to take control of their own image. With 41 million followers, Delevingne’s voice counts and, like the model and activist Adwoa Aboah, she uses her fame to transmit a message of respect and tolerance. She also showcases her daily life with humour, demonstrating a capacity for self mockery that reveals the born actress in her – an aptitude that hasn’t gone unnoticed, since the seventh art has been calling on her talents since 2012. In just five years she has notched up a filmography that includes the costume drama Anna Karenina (with Keira Knightley), the blockbuster Suicide Squad and the latest Luc Besson movie, Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets. Just recently she’s added two new strings to her bow, with a first song for the soundtrack of Valerian and a first novel, Mirror, Mirror. Where modelling is concerned, Delevingne is now the new face of Dior’s skincare line Capture Youth. She told Numéro all about her meteoric career rise   Numéro: After a career début as a model and muse for the greatest fashion houses, you’ve recently become an actress, for example in Luc Besson’s Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets, a singer with the track I Feel Everything and a published author with the novel Mirror, Mirror. Where does this multidisciplinarity come from?  Cara Delevingne: I’ve always had a passion for the arts so this was an inevitable transition. I love getting to disappear into a character when acting or creating characters while writing. This diversity of disciplines allows me to express all my creativity and is a great expression of my imagination.   Looking at your filmography, the diversity of roles you’ve accepted is very striking – a costume drama like Anna Karenina, action films such as Suicide Squad or Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets, or the modern-dress drama Tulip Fever with Alicia Vikander. How do you choose them? Yes, I do choose films that are very different, because I like getting under the skin of characters that have absolutely nothing to do with each other. But what they have in common is that I’m always attracted to characters that are strong and bold. In my novel, the characters are all teenagers. Their age was imperative to the story, but I also think it was important to create a narrative that allowed teenagers to learn to accept who they are as individuals. We’ve all been through adolescence – it’s when you evolve, start to learn who you are, construct your personality. I based the novel on diaries I kept when I was younger, looking back at my own life and how those issues affected me then.     “I believe that society often wants to put people in a box, and I feel it’s important for people to know that individuality is beautiful, whether it’s to do with the way you look or who you love. In my interviews, or even in the roles I choose, I always try to get across the idea that believing in who you are is important.”   In October it was announced that you will be the new face of the skincare line Capture Youth by Christian Dior Parfums. How do you feel about this new challenge?  I’m so proud of becoming the ambassador for Dior and of joining the iconic group of women who have represented the house in the past – women who are known for their bold creative choices such as Natalie Por tman, Charlize Theron and Jennifer Lawrence.     “Who knows what else you’ll see from me in the upcoming year…”      Could you describe your beauty routine?  My beauty routine changes depending on what I’m doing that day. If I’m on set, it’s determined by the art director and the makeup artist for the shoot. If I’m doing press, by my personal makeup artist. I feel that beauty is a great way to show off my personality. I definitely like to make bold choices, whether professionally or personally, and I like collaborating with the makeup artists I work with. On my most recent press tour, my team and I would collaborate on the look before I sat down in the chair, but then I’d really let them create. The look we created together was it’s own beauty.    In your interviews, as well as on the web platform Gurls Talk – founded by your friend, the model and activist Adwoa Aboah – you defend the acceptance of different types of beauty and sexuality. Why is this important to you? I believe society often wants to put people in a box, and I feel it’s important for people to know that individuality is beautiful, whether it’s to do with the way you look or who you love. In my interviews, or even in the roles I choose, I always try to get across the idea that believing in who you are is important. I try to advocate tolerance.   What’s coming up for you in 2018?  I’m currently in production on an Amazon series called Carnival Row, a futuristic detective story in which I play the role of a fairy who disappears. Orlando Bloom plays the inspector investigating the case. I’m also constantly writing and creating, so who knows what else you’ll see from me in the upcoming year…   "In just one minute and 58 seconds the American blond sent minimalism and elegance – everything exalted by the decade 2010 – packing.”     But Paris Hilton alone embodied the 2000s. Strutting through Beverly Hills in belt-size mini-skirts, low-cut jeans, peachy jogging trousers, furry boots and lace-up sandals, she had an entire generation of parents fearfully watching their daughters copy her dubious sense of style. At the peak of her glory and bad taste however Paris Hilton and her chihuahua Tinkerbell were knocked off their thrones by ex-best friend Kim Kardashian, thanks to a sex-tape, a family TV show and later on some extreme re-looking by Kanye West. By the early 2010s, the dizzy antics and glitzy lifestyle of Paris Hilton no longer interested anyone.    "In just one minute and 58 seconds the American blond sent minimalism and elegance – everything exalted by the decade 2010 – packing.”     But Paris Hilton alone embodied the 2000s. Strutting through Beverly Hills in belt-size mini-skirts, low-cut jeans, peachy jogging trousers, furry boots and lace-up sandals, she had an entire generation of parents fearfully watching their daughters copy her dubious sense of style. At the peak of her glory and bad taste however Paris Hilton and her chihuahua Tinkerbell were knocked off their thrones by ex-best friend Kim Kardashian, thanks to a sex-tape, a family TV show and later on some extreme re-looking by Kanye West. By the early 2010s, the dizzy antics and glitzy lifestyle of Paris Hilton no longer interested anyone.   From a Philipp Plein runway show to an interview in W magazine   In spite of several million followers on Instagram, Paris Hilton, a seasoned businesswoman, was struggling to maintain her status as trendy icon. More often mocked than admired, the skinny blond paled in comparison to the Kardashian-Jenner clan busy accumulating minimalist streetwear looks validated by planet fashion, including Anna Wintour. Then in September 2016, designer Philipp Plein, known for his shows featuring famous folk like Chris Brown and Fergie, invited Paris Hilton to walk his runway in a show evocatively entitled “Alice in Guettoland”. Two months later Kendall Jenner, an Instagram mega-star and one of the top three best paid models in the world according to Forbes, chose to celebrate her birthday in a Swarovski strass-swathed dress identical to one worn back in the day by the Hilton heiress. Three million crystals… and as many likes on Instagram. Paris Hilton was back on track.     "In less than a year the trash icon of the 2000s, embodying everything that was awful about the American star system has been redeemed and is slowly working her way back into the spotlight.”   The latest step of this return to icondom came in May 2017, when the uber trendy magazine W, known for its controversial fashion shoots and subject matter, gave her a big interview and a video in which she explained – with incisive humour and kitsch – the trends of the 2000s she’d kept for 2017: sparkly sweatpants, emblazoned t-shirts, mini-skirts, Ugg boots, pink, tiaras, rhinestones, baseball caps, low-cut jeans and piercings. In just one minute and 58 seconds the American blond sent minimalism and elegance – everything exalted by the decade 2010 – packing.        "In just one minute and 58 seconds the American blond sent minimalism and elegance – everything exalted by the decade 2010 – packing.”     But Paris Hilton alone embodied the 2000s. Strutting through Beverly Hills in belt-size mini-skirts, low-cut jeans, peachy jogging trousers, furry boots and lace-up sandals, she had an entire generation of parents fearfully watching their daughters copy her dubious sense of style. At the peak of her glory and bad taste however Paris Hilton and her chihuahua Tinkerbell were knocked off their thrones by ex-best friend Kim Kardashian, thanks to a sex-tape, a family TV show and later on some extreme re-looking by Kanye West. By the early 2010s, the dizzy antics and glitzy lifestyle of Paris Hilton no longer interested anyone.   From a Philipp Plein runway show to an interview in W magazine   In spite of several million followers on Instagram, Paris Hilton, a seasoned businesswoman, was struggling to maintain her status as trendy icon. More often mocked than admired, the skinny blond paled in comparison to the Kardashian-Jenner clan busy accumulating minimalist streetwear looks validated by planet fashion, including Anna Wintour. Then in September 2016, designer Philipp Plein, known for his shows featuring famous folk like Chris Brown and Fergie, invited Paris Hilton to walk his runway in a show evocatively entitled “Alice in Guettoland”. Two months later Kendall Jenner, an Instagram mega-star and one of the top three best paid models in the world according to Forbes, chose to celebrate her birthday in a Swarovski strass-swathed dress identical to one worn back in the day by the Hilton heiress. Three million crystals… and as many likes on Instagram. Paris Hilton was back on track.     "In less than a year the trash icon of the 2000s, embodying everything that was awful about the American star system has been redeemed and is slowly working her way back into the spotlight.”   The latest step of this return to icondom came in May 2017, when the uber trendy magazine W, known for its controversial fashion shoots and subject matter, gave her a big interview and a video in which she explained – with incisive humour and kitsch – the trends of the 2000s she’d kept for 2017: sparkly sweatpants, emblazoned t-shirts, mini-skirts, Ugg boots, pink, tiaras, rhinestones, baseball caps, low-cut jeans and piercings. In just one minute and 58 seconds the American blond sent minimalism and elegance – everything exalted by the decade 2010 – packing.       Gaining credibility thanks to the Kardashian-Wests               Between endless parties in LA, a profusion of luxury items and naughty photos, Paris Hilton and her life as a wealthy bimbo annoys and even exasperates. Yet a few days ago the heiress touched her followers and the women’s press with a marriage proposal on top of a mountain in Aspen, complete with an enormous solitaire. Public opinion, less indifferent than normal, was apparently one of delight. Paris Hilton is officially back shimmering once more in the limelight. On January 31st, Kim Kardashian and Kanye West helped matters with their unconventional presentation of season 6 of Yeezy, the label created by the rapper in collaboration with Adidas. Having declared last year that he was abandoning the classic runway show format, we’d since heard a loud nothing from one of America’s prime megalomaniacs...   Not for long. Resurfacing on the social network over which Kim Kardashian reigns supreme to introduce Yeezy Season 6, he got a handful of it-girls to dress up as his wife. Sarah Snyder, Amina Blue and not forgetting Paris Hilton -  since reconciled with her ex-best friend – generated the perfect buzz. With her blond mane dyed almost white, in beige sweatpants and boots, and grey sports bra, in short, a KK clone, the Hilton heiress rediscovered her credibility. And in less than a year the trash icon of the 2000s, embodying everything that was awful about the American star system has been redeemed and is slowly working her way back into the spotlight. It just remains to be seen if the fashion industry, often provoking and delighting in this kind of turnaround, will indeed make Paris Hilton a legend. Both Richardson and Zia envision Jonny as a creative platform to explore racial, gender and sexual diversity through a photographic, digital and artistic lens. Jonny is a name synonymous with rebellion – known throughout literary, musical and film history as the original outcast. Richardson and Zia chose that most iconic of male names and knocked it flat on its back- to upend that icon.    In a departure from conventional publishing formats they designed Jonny a series of unbound posters that fold into distinct 6 photographic stories. Richardson and Zia wanted a format that embodied their ethos for the project. The posters create an interplay between the stories. What they see as a more intuitive and open experience. Jonny is compelling with its mix of New York characters. The inventive layout mixed with artful imagery does indeed remix the name Jonny into a modern idea, a state of mind for the future.    Jonny is welcomed as a bold start to 2018. Numéro : Why did you decide to put your label Hood By Air on standby? Was it before or after being contacted by Helmut Lang?  Shayne Oliver : I put HBA on standby in January 2017. We were trying to figure out what the next steps would be for the brand, thinking about moving to Paris. There was a lot of miscommunication between the business side of things and the management – a lot of the decisions were made in this very panicky way, and no one created a real business system within HBA. We could have moved to Paris and become a sort of intimate brand, close to the customer, but we didn’t really have a sales director. Everyone began working on personal projects. It was the right moment to pause and figure out internal problems. And a lot of insiders in the fashion business have started to… not steal, but become part of the market that we’d created. These people had a business structure, and that wasn’t part of the DNA of HBA. I felt I was just putting ideas out there, creating new brand theories, new ways of thinking about marketing, about the meaning of fashion, without gaining anything, not only financially but also in terms of recognition. It became really discouraging for me to want to do something new, upgrade the game, while no one internally was taking advantage of it businesswise or creating a guideline for people to speak about the brand. It was the right time to take a break. Especially given how things are now – I didn’t want to get involved in this weird streetwear thing that’s happening at the moment. Those are ideas I grew up with, things I know. I’m not doing it because I want to take advantage of the streetwear market. Where HBA is concerned, the next step will be finding a structure for the brand that lets me do what I need to do as a designer. I want to do something I’m comfortable with, something I feel is new. As a consumer, I don’t feel like I want to buy – I’m lost. Because everything looks like gimmicky clothes. It’s all about statement, there’s nothing that’s really designed.   Your role at Helmut Lang, where you produced a collection called Helmut Lang Seen By Shayne Oliver, was very much like that of a curator. Did you approach it in that spirit?  Yes, absolutely. Because if I’m working with them for just one season, it doesn’t make sense to create something new. You just curate. It was like both Helmut Lang and myself in this conversation, about creating a taste level for myself based on the history of Helmut Lang. That was the most organic thing to do.     “Today everyone is becoming a brand, there are no more designers. I don’t think that’s a problem, but I just think that you can’t call things fashion when there are no designers. No one is saying, ‘This is what I designed this season, you can buy into it.’ It’s the other way around: ‘Look what I’m implementing into these criteria, buy into this because this is actually just a brand.’ People forget that the aesthetics that someone created are for a reason.”     As a designer, you’ ve been strongly influenced by Helmut Lang in your HBA work. What aspects of his oeuvre did you focus on in this collection?  I wanted to explore the sensuality of what he’d done in the past. There was very little physical archive for me to explore, so the idea of working with his oeuvre became very fetishized. I began to think about how he’d been a sort of fashion pornographer, and created a new fetishism based on fashion, on how people dress in codes. I began to think about bras, socks, underwear, undergarments, lipstick, ritualistic hairstyles, and essentially just pulled and plucked at the archive that I had. From what little there was I picked three coats, and all the basics: a pair of slacks, a pair of jeans, a tank top, a men’s shirt, a women’s basic dress. I wanted to follow a storyline of keeping it sensual and focusing on his eveningwear. Because I’m sure that some of the designers who come after me will focus on the bomber jacket, but I feel this is something that has been exhausted by the current generation. I’m not trying to sell Helmut Lang to this generation – I want them to understand the attitude and the vibe he put out. So I took whatever they had and restyled it – made the waist lower, made it higher, pulled the jacket to the side, pinned the dress up. And we created new patterns from that. Nothing was created from scratch. It was only about using old things, pulling and tugging. Except for the accessories: the collection was heavily accessorized because it just felt right. I was trying to distil what I felt about the clothes. That’s where the bra bag came from, and the folders based on a school-uniform idea – we created fashion binders, as though you were going to school but with a clutch.  Numéro : Why did you decide to put your label Hood By Air on standby? Was it before or after being contacted by Helmut Lang?  Shayne Oliver : I put HBA on standby in January 2017. We were trying to figure out what the next steps would be for the brand, thinking about moving to Paris. There was a lot of miscommunication between the business side of things and the management – a lot of the decisions were made in this very panicky way, and no one created a real business system within HBA. We could have moved to Paris and become a sort of intimate brand, close to the customer, but we didn’t really have a sales director. Everyone began working on personal projects. It was the right moment to pause and figure out internal problems. And a lot of insiders in the fashion business have started to… not steal, but become part of the market that we’d created. These people had a business structure, and that wasn’t part of the DNA of HBA. I felt I was just putting ideas out there, creating new brand theories, new ways of thinking about marketing, about the meaning of fashion, without gaining anything, not only financially but also in terms of recognition. It became really discouraging for me to want to do something new, upgrade the game, while no one internally was taking advantage of it businesswise or creating a guideline for people to speak about the brand. It was the right time to take a break. Especially given how things are now – I didn’t want to get involved in this weird streetwear thing that’s happening at the moment. Those are ideas I grew up with, things I know. I’m not doing it because I want to take advantage of the streetwear market. Where HBA is concerned, the next step will be finding a structure for the brand that lets me do what I need to do as a designer. I want to do something I’m comfortable with, something I feel is new. As a consumer, I don’t feel like I want to buy – I’m lost. Because everything looks like gimmicky clothes. It’s all about statement, there’s nothing that’s really designed.   Your role at Helmut Lang, where you produced a collection called Helmut Lang Seen By Shayne Oliver, was very much like that of a curator. Did you approach it in that spirit?  Yes, absolutely. Because if I’m working with them for just one season, it doesn’t make sense to create something new. You just curate. It was like both Helmut Lang and myself in this conversation, about creating a taste level for myself based on the history of Helmut Lang. That was the most organic thing to do.     “Today everyone is becoming a brand, there are no more designers. I don’t think that’s a problem, but I just think that you can’t call things fashion when there are no designers. No one is saying, ‘This is what I designed this season, you can buy into it.’ It’s the other way around: ‘Look what I’m implementing into these criteria, buy into this because this is actually just a brand.’ People forget that the aesthetics that someone created are for a reason.”     As a designer, you’ ve been strongly influenced by Helmut Lang in your HBA work. What aspects of his oeuvre did you focus on in this collection?  I wanted to explore the sensuality of what he’d done in the past. There was very little physical archive for me to explore, so the idea of working with his oeuvre became very fetishized. I began to think about how he’d been a sort of fashion pornographer, and created a new fetishism based on fashion, on how people dress in codes. I began to think about bras, socks, underwear, undergarments, lipstick, ritualistic hairstyles, and essentially just pulled and plucked at the archive that I had. From what little there was I picked three coats, and all the basics: a pair of slacks, a pair of jeans, a tank top, a men’s shirt, a women’s basic dress. I wanted to follow a storyline of keeping it sensual and focusing on his eveningwear. Because I’m sure that some of the designers who come after me will focus on the bomber jacket, but I feel this is something that has been exhausted by the current generation. I’m not trying to sell Helmut Lang to this generation – I want them to understand the attitude and the vibe he put out. So I took whatever they had and restyled it – made the waist lower, made it higher, pulled the jacket to the side, pinned the dress up. And we created new patterns from that. Nothing was created from scratch. It was only about using old things, pulling and tugging. Except for the accessories: the collection was heavily accessorized because it just felt right. I was trying to distil what I felt about the clothes. That’s where the bra bag came from, and the folders based on a school-uniform idea – we created fashion binders, as though you were going to school but with a clutch.  HBA and its runway shows were conceived as performances that critiqued fashion. Has this critical and performative aspect found its way into your work for Helmut Lang ? A lot of the things that I put out on the table over the years are now trendy topics, and I wanted to step away from this false political aspect that everyone has in fashion right now. I think it’s great that people are starting to un-train consumers, but it’s almost another version of entitlement, being able to say something like that. So I wanted to move away from that and do something that’s romantic, and not political. To me, in fashion, doing a collection and giving all the profit to a cause, that’s political. You can’t be a major brand and have slogans about politics when the structure of your brand is not going towards the effectiveness of that meaning. For example, I don’t see anyone designing anything that’s feminist. I see everyone saying it, but I don’t see any products being made. I just see people regurgitating designs that aren’t feminist. That’s where the giant bra in my collection came from: accentuating a woman’s anatomy. I felt that was the most political statement I made in this collection. I don’t really feel like I have any solutions to the problem of politics and fashion, so for the time being my standard is to be at a minimum. It’s good to take a moment and do something that feels standard, so that you know and understand what’s frivolous in a social way.   Is this also why you came back to tailoring, at a time when everyone else is jumping on the streetwear bandwagon? Yes, we’re at a moment where you wonder, “Are you into streetwear because you’re favouring the new and the next, or just because that’s where the money’s going? Do you really believe in the idea of diversity in fashion?” Today everyone is becoming a brand, there are no more designers. I don’t think that’s a problem, but I just think that you can’t call things fashion when there are no designers. No one is saying, “This is what I designed this season, you can buy into it.” It’s the other way around: “Look what I’m implementing into these criteria, buy into this because this is actually just a brand.” People forget that the aesthetics that someone created are for a reason, and if you don’t like it then you shouldn’t be buying the brand in general. That’s why ever yone adapting streetwear feels inorganic and cheap. I don’t see anyone doing it in a demanding, highbrow way. They know what it looks like, but they don’t really understand it. Right now streetwear is no cooler than it was in the 90s when people were actually wearing it. I don’t see anyone taking it to the next level, except a few specific designers. So in my collection for Helmut Lang, it was all about keeping it in the tailored world. Yes you can buy a T-shirt and hoodies, but I don’t even think it was necessary to show them on the runway. And most of the brands that adapt streetwear today shouldn’t be showing it on the runway either: they don’t have the precision that makes it important.   And what about all the Helmut Lang logos you played with?  There was so much to play with! But everyone has referenced Helmut Lang so much, including myself. At some point, for example, we wanted to reference his Mapplethorpe vibe, but realized it looked like a collection that Raf Simons did before. So we just chose to do the most basic things, rewriting Helmut Lang’s name like a little child. Very primary things seemed to be the point.     “When you’re a young designer taking over a house that was created by one of the great names of couture, you really have to be strong.” Numéro : Why did you decide to put your label Hood By Air on standby? Was it before or after being contacted by Helmut Lang?  Shayne Oliver : I put HBA on standby in January 2017. We were trying to figure out what the next steps would be for the brand, thinking about moving to Paris. There was a lot of miscommunication between the business side of things and the management – a lot of the decisions were made in this very panicky way, and no one created a real business system within HBA. We could have moved to Paris and become a sort of intimate brand, close to the customer, but we didn’t really have a sales director. Everyone began working on personal projects. It was the right moment to pause and figure out internal problems. And a lot of insiders in the fashion business have started to… not steal, but become part of the market that we’d created. These people had a business structure, and that wasn’t part of the DNA of HBA. I felt I was just putting ideas out there, creating new brand theories, new ways of thinking about marketing, about the meaning of fashion, without gaining anything, not only financially but also in terms of recognition. It became really discouraging for me to want to do something new, upgrade the game, while no one internally was taking advantage of it businesswise or creating a guideline for people to speak about the brand. It was the right time to take a break. Especially given how things are now – I didn’t want to get involved in this weird streetwear thing that’s happening at the moment. Those are ideas I grew up with, things I know. I’m not doing it because I want to take advantage of the streetwear market. Where HBA is concerned, the next step will be finding a structure for the brand that lets me do what I need to do as a designer. I want to do something I’m comfortable with, something I feel is new. As a consumer, I don’t feel like I want to buy – I’m lost. Because everything looks like gimmicky clothes. It’s all about statement, there’s nothing that’s really designed.   Your role at Helmut Lang, where you produced a collection called Helmut Lang Seen By Shayne Oliver, was very much like that of a curator. Did you approach it in that spirit?  Yes, absolutely. Because if I’m working with them for just one season, it doesn’t make sense to create something new. You just curate. It was like both Helmut Lang and myself in this conversation, about creating a taste level for myself based on the history of Helmut Lang. That was the most organic thing to do.     “Today everyone is becoming a brand, there are no more designers. I don’t think that’s a problem, but I just think that you can’t call things fashion when there are no designers. No one is saying, ‘This is what I designed this season, you can buy into it.’ It’s the other way around: ‘Look what I’m implementing into these criteria, buy into this because this is actually just a brand.’ People forget that the aesthetics that someone created are for a reason.”     As a designer, you’ ve been strongly influenced by Helmut Lang in your HBA work. What aspects of his oeuvre did you focus on in this collection?  I wanted to explore the sensuality of what he’d done in the past. There was very little physical archive for me to explore, so the idea of working with his oeuvre became very fetishized. I began to think about how he’d been a sort of fashion pornographer, and created a new fetishism based on fashion, on how people dress in codes. I began to think about bras, socks, underwear, undergarments, lipstick, ritualistic hairstyles, and essentially just pulled and plucked at the archive that I had. From what little there was I picked three coats, and all the basics: a pair of slacks, a pair of jeans, a tank top, a men’s shirt, a women’s basic dress. I wanted to follow a storyline of keeping it sensual and focusing on his eveningwear. Because I’m sure that some of the designers who come after me will focus on the bomber jacket, but I feel this is something that has been exhausted by the current generation. I’m not trying to sell Helmut Lang to this generation – I want them to understand the attitude and the vibe he put out. So I took whatever they had and restyled it – made the waist lower, made it higher, pulled the jacket to the side, pinned the dress up. And we created new patterns from that. Nothing was created from scratch. It was only about using old things, pulling and tugging. Except for the accessories: the collection was heavily accessorized because it just felt right. I was trying to distil what I felt about the clothes. That’s where the bra bag came from, and the folders based on a school-uniform idea – we created fashion binders, as though you were going to school but with a clutch.  HBA and its runway shows were conceived as performances that critiqued fashion. Has this critical and performative aspect found its way into your work for Helmut Lang ? A lot of the things that I put out on the table over the years are now trendy topics, and I wanted to step away from this false political aspect that everyone has in fashion right now. I think it’s great that people are starting to un-train consumers, but it’s almost another version of entitlement, being able to say something like that. So I wanted to move away from that and do something that’s romantic, and not political. To me, in fashion, doing a collection and giving all the profit to a cause, that’s political. You can’t be a major brand and have slogans about politics when the structure of your brand is not going towards the effectiveness of that meaning. For example, I don’t see anyone designing anything that’s feminist. I see everyone saying it, but I don’t see any products being made. I just see people regurgitating designs that aren’t feminist. That’s where the giant bra in my collection came from: accentuating a woman’s anatomy. I felt that was the most political statement I made in this collection. I don’t really feel like I have any solutions to the problem of politics and fashion, so for the time being my standard is to be at a minimum. It’s good to take a moment and do something that feels standard, so that you know and understand what’s frivolous in a social way.   Is this also why you came back to tailoring, at a time when everyone else is jumping on the streetwear bandwagon? Yes, we’re at a moment where you wonder, “Are you into streetwear because you’re favouring the new and the next, or just because that’s where the money’s going? Do you really believe in the idea of diversity in fashion?” Today everyone is becoming a brand, there are no more designers. I don’t think that’s a problem, but I just think that you can’t call things fashion when there are no designers. No one is saying, “This is what I designed this season, you can buy into it.” It’s the other way around: “Look what I’m implementing into these criteria, buy into this because this is actually just a brand.” People forget that the aesthetics that someone created are for a reason, and if you don’t like it then you shouldn’t be buying the brand in general. That’s why ever yone adapting streetwear feels inorganic and cheap. I don’t see anyone doing it in a demanding, highbrow way. They know what it looks like, but they don’t really understand it. Right now streetwear is no cooler than it was in the 90s when people were actually wearing it. I don’t see anyone taking it to the next level, except a few specific designers. So in my collection for Helmut Lang, it was all about keeping it in the tailored world. Yes you can buy a T-shirt and hoodies, but I don’t even think it was necessary to show them on the runway. And most of the brands that adapt streetwear today shouldn’t be showing it on the runway either: they don’t have the precision that makes it important.   And what about all the Helmut Lang logos you played with?  There was so much to play with! But everyone has referenced Helmut Lang so much, including myself. At some point, for example, we wanted to reference his Mapplethorpe vibe, but realized it looked like a collection that Raf Simons did before. So we just chose to do the most basic things, rewriting Helmut Lang’s name like a little child. Very primary things seemed to be the point.     “When you’re a young designer taking over a house that was created by one of the great names of couture, you really have to be strong.” Helmut Lang’s current structure is quite experimental, with an editor in residence, Isabella Burley, and guest designers. Do you feel this is relevant? Yes. It was interesting for me to take the risk of doing something that hasn’t been done, but with someone else’s project. It was good to be there at the beginning. In the future it will be great if it really goes into this idea of curation. Isabella has done great examples of that with the capsule collection that recreates pieces by Helmut Lang, and I think other brands will start to do their own version of this. Isabella is smart enough to keep it going in a good way. As for me, I began working on the holiday collection, with the Helmut logo, then a preview collection that was shown in July and released at the end of November. The third instalment will be the spring/summer 2018 collection that was in the New York show. As I begin to progress as a solo designer, I’m open to other projects. I don’t know how demanding the next ones will be, but I’m totally into it. I’m confident about the process – as long as I’m working under a designer I respect, of course. It helps me to grow up as a designer.   Do you think this idea of guest designers is a solution to the constant coming and going of artistic directors that we’ve been seeing at the big houses over the past few years?  Yeah I know, the pace is crazy. At first I didn’t have a problem with it because, well, that’s the way the world goes. But then I started to realize that sometimes, after some designers have worked at a house, they don’t have a second chance, you know what I mean? Their name has become synonymous with a brand – it can be hard to break the visual identity that people associate with you. So I think that for me, what’s really cool is what Nicolas Ghesquière did at the beginning of Balenciaga, because he grew the house to the level where it is today. That’s why he was able to move on to Louis Vuitton. When you’re a young designer taking over a house that was created by one of the great names of couture, you really have to be strong. It doesn’t mean it’s impossible – some people can do it. It’s more about having the time to mature something that’s relevant. Today, a lot of the things we’re seeing are consumer-ready, but not really relevant. That’s what worries me. Of course you have to sell, but the challenge of fashion is to be able to do something that sells but that is also relevant. During the Golden Globes ceremony, Oprah Winfrey was presented with the Cecil B. DeMille award, a special honour celebrating her entire career. Oprah is the first black women to ever receive this accolade. The height of the evening’s events was her eloquent acceptance speech “What I know for sure is that speaking your truth is the most powerful tool we all have. And I'm especially proud and inspired by all the women who have felt strong enough and empowered enough to speak up and share their personal stories.” The day after this emotionally charged evening, the name Winfrey was lingering in everyone’s minds and started to circulate in political spheres: and what if Oprah did run for the Oval Office?   Just as the American press ruminate this possibility, the Swedish label Weekday, fanatics of pop culture and daily news, launched their newest t-shirt emblazoned with “Oprah 2020”, a political gesture that once might have seen improbable, but in the wake of Donald Trump, anything now seems possible. This piece is part of Weekday’s “storemade” concept entitled Zeitgeist. This concept was launched in France with a “Brigitte” t-shirt celebrating Emmanuel Macron’s wife.   The “Oprah 2020” t-shirt and tote bag are available in a selection of Weekday boutiques and on their website. Numéro art: How did you approach designing a museum dedicated to the work Yves Saint Laurent? Studio KO: We imagined it as an interpretation of clothing: like a lined garment, the interior and exterior are different. The outside is ochre, while the inside is dressed in white, apart from the galleries which are black. The exterior, made of raw brick, is completely opaque. The interior draws in light via two patios, one walled with glass, the other with glazed brick.    Are there any connections between fashion and architecture?  While a wealthy woman buys herself a designer handbag, the heads of big brands buy themselves designer buildings, generally a museum. But for the Musée Yves Saint Laurent, Pierre Bergé made it very clear that the last thing he wanted was an architectural gesture.   For the first time in your work you’ve used curves.  Yes. We didn’t use curves before because we weren’t comfortable with them. But clothing has to have curves for flexibility. That’s why you find them generating several spaces in the museum. On the outside, the terrazzo flows up from the floor to the walls via a curved junction, like the fold in a cape trailing on the floor. To bring a certain formality to the building, we reinterpreted a pattern we’d found in the archives: an armhole hand-drawn in chalk by Saint Laurent, in other words the shoulder-sleeve junction. It hit us like a thunderbolt. Laid out flat, it was like an open book, almost an architectural drawing. It showed very simply how to link a curve or multiple curves – the shoulder – to a straight line – the sleeve.   Did clothing textures inspire the brick motifs? Yes, we envisioned the brickwork like a fabric weave. Each volume has a different motif. In places the loosely spaced bricks form screens that let in light like mashrabiyas.    Which architects have influenced your work? Two architects are very important to us: Peter Zumthor and Valerio Olgiati, both Swiss and both contextualists. Zumthor is a great writer. We had the chance to visit his baths in Vals – a breathtaking experience. With Olgiati, it’s the formal intelligence and dexterity that we admire. Jean Nouvel is also a great influence, especially his 2005 Louisiana Manifesto in which he says, “Each new situation requires a new architecture.” That sentence was an electroshock that still informs our work.      “Pierre Bergé was clear that the last thing he wanted was an architectural gesture” Numéro art: How did you approach designing a museum dedicated to the work Yves Saint Laurent? Studio KO: We imagined it as an interpretation of clothing: like a lined garment, the interior and exterior are different. The outside is ochre, while the inside is dressed in white, apart from the galleries which are black. The exterior, made of raw brick, is completely opaque. The interior draws in light via two patios, one walled with glass, the other with glazed brick.    Are there any connections between fashion and architecture?  While a wealthy woman buys herself a designer handbag, the heads of big brands buy themselves designer buildings, generally a museum. But for the Musée Yves Saint Laurent, Pierre Bergé made it very clear that the last thing he wanted was an architectural gesture.   For the first time in your work you’ve used curves.  Yes. We didn’t use curves before because we weren’t comfortable with them. But clothing has to have curves for flexibility. That’s why you find them generating several spaces in the museum. On the outside, the terrazzo flows up from the floor to the walls via a curved junction, like the fold in a cape trailing on the floor. To bring a certain formality to the building, we reinterpreted a pattern we’d found in the archives: an armhole hand-drawn in chalk by Saint Laurent, in other words the shoulder-sleeve junction. It hit us like a thunderbolt. Laid out flat, it was like an open book, almost an architectural drawing. It showed very simply how to link a curve or multiple curves – the shoulder – to a straight line – the sleeve.   Did clothing textures inspire the brick motifs? Yes, we envisioned the brickwork like a fabric weave. Each volume has a different motif. In places the loosely spaced bricks form screens that let in light like mashrabiyas.    Which architects have influenced your work? Two architects are very important to us: Peter Zumthor and Valerio Olgiati, both Swiss and both contextualists. Zumthor is a great writer. We had the chance to visit his baths in Vals – a breathtaking experience. With Olgiati, it’s the formal intelligence and dexterity that we admire. Jean Nouvel is also a great influence, especially his 2005 Louisiana Manifesto in which he says, “Each new situation requires a new architecture.” That sentence was an electroshock that still informs our work.      “Pierre Bergé was clear that the last thing he wanted was an architectural gesture” Context seems to be the driving force of your practice.  Context is primordial; each building should be different and impossible to replicate elsewhere. Each site possesses its own climate, colours, topography and archaeology. We always ask ourselves how a building will sit in the landscape. In Marrakech, earth is very present, which is what inspired the choice of brick, a local material that reproduces the city’s ochre colouring.      “The past is a great source of inspiration. Just look at Saint Laurent: he hated travelling, but was inspired by his constant reading.”     Are there any artists who inspire you? You have to look at other disciplines to enrich your work, and art can transform your vision. We love James Turrell, for example, whose light and optical effects have directly influenced us. Yto Barrada’s films and photos about urbanism in Tangiers also speak to us strongly. We’re very impressed by Axel Vervoordt’s work at the Palazzo Fortuny in Venice. There’s always a dichotomy between architecture and decoration that can be difficult to bridge. Few can combine contradictions like Vervoordt does, and for us it’s very reassuring. His daring mix of disciplines, eras and civilizations has taught us a certain liberty.    Are there materials you particularly fetishize?  Our materials are mostly traditional: steel, marble, wood, concrete, stone. We’re not trailblazers or experimenters. The past is a great source of inspiration. Just look at Saint Laurent: he hated travelling, but was inspired by his constant reading. And no one can say his output wasn’t modern. Look at his vestal dress – what modernity!   Can architecture create emotion?  That’s the goal, but there are no recipes. It often comes from a subtle equation between space and light. Recently we visited Tadao Ando’s Chichu Art Museum in Japan, where Walter De Maria’s Time/Timeless/No Time fills an entire room. An enormous granite sphere, it seems ready to crush you. The rough cement walls and vertical light are essential to the effect: you really feel you’re in a cathedral. In the wake of infamous American footballer O.J. Simpson whose tumultuous lawsuit had the press in a frenzy for months, Ryan Murphy has chosen to portray the much mediatised 1997 assassination of Italian couturier Gianni Versace for the second season of his anthology series American Crime Story, set to commence on Canal+ on January 17th. Having made baroque glamour his trademark, Gianni Versace, accompanied by his sister Donatella and brother Santo, built a veritable fashion empire. Supermodels and celebrities, glitzy luxury and hard-hitting ad campaigns, a blanket refusal of good taste and provocative images, under the reign of Gianni Versace, “too much” was never enough.      1- Glamour and decadence, Italian fashion according to Gianni Versace   Just as Gianni Versace founded his house, Italian fashion was booming. Although often compared to Giorgio Armani, who opened in 1975, his fashion was the opposite to the minimalist tailoring of his compatriot. With the help of his sister Donatella, who was also his muse, he established a glamorous, ultra-sexy and highly colourful style that hijacked the codes of Italian culture, art and the trends of his era. A true couturier, he constructed his creations by draping them directly onto the models without patterns or sketches. Inspired as much by theatre, ballet, architecture and modern art as by the prostitutes who lined the streets of Calabria during his childhood and gay nightclubs in New York, he blithely introduced black leather, bondage references, garish colours, baroque prints, indecent lengths, slits and ultra-body-con. He mastered these codes so completely that even when he did a grunge collection for winter 1993, it oozed sensuality. Encouraged by Donatella, Gianni Versace would liberate women (and men) from the shackles of good taste. He also applied his gaudy style, symbolised by a golden Medusa head, to interior décor with his villa in Milan and mansion in Miami, to perfumes, linen and tableware. From then on, abundance of luxury and wealth had a name: Versace.     “Gianni Versace built a destiny that was the complete opposite to his humble beginnings. An intense life shared between wealth, opulence and celebrities.”     In the wake of infamous American footballer O.J. Simpson whose tumultuous lawsuit had the press in a frenzy for months, Ryan Murphy has chosen to portray the much mediatised 1997 assassination of Italian couturier Gianni Versace for the second season of his anthology series American Crime Story, set to commence on Canal+ on January 17th. Having made baroque glamour his trademark, Gianni Versace, accompanied by his sister Donatella and brother Santo, built a veritable fashion empire. Supermodels and celebrities, glitzy luxury and hard-hitting ad campaigns, a blanket refusal of good taste and provocative images, under the reign of Gianni Versace, “too much” was never enough.      1- Glamour and decadence, Italian fashion according to Gianni Versace   Just as Gianni Versace founded his house, Italian fashion was booming. Although often compared to Giorgio Armani, who opened in 1975, his fashion was the opposite to the minimalist tailoring of his compatriot. With the help of his sister Donatella, who was also his muse, he established a glamorous, ultra-sexy and highly colourful style that hijacked the codes of Italian culture, art and the trends of his era. A true couturier, he constructed his creations by draping them directly onto the models without patterns or sketches. Inspired as much by theatre, ballet, architecture and modern art as by the prostitutes who lined the streets of Calabria during his childhood and gay nightclubs in New York, he blithely introduced black leather, bondage references, garish colours, baroque prints, indecent lengths, slits and ultra-body-con. He mastered these codes so completely that even when he did a grunge collection for winter 1993, it oozed sensuality. Encouraged by Donatella, Gianni Versace would liberate women (and men) from the shackles of good taste. He also applied his gaudy style, symbolised by a golden Medusa head, to interior décor with his villa in Milan and mansion in Miami, to perfumes, linen and tableware. From then on, abundance of luxury and wealth had a name: Versace.     “Gianni Versace built a destiny that was the complete opposite to his humble beginnings. An intense life shared between wealth, opulence and celebrities.”     2- Gianni Versace, 50 smouldering years of life   Originating from a small village in Calabria overrun with poverty and corruption, Gianni Versace built a destiny that was the complete opposite to his humble beginnings. An intense life shared between wealth, opulence and celebrities. In was in 1978, at the age of 32, alongside his brother, that he created what would become the future Versace empire. They were soon joined by their sister Donatella Versace, whose flamboyant personality and party-girl reputation further spiced the already vibrant Versace. Despite leading a pretty simple life, Gianni Versace had a taste for the beautiful things associated with an arrogant and rigid character. With his extravagant parties brimming with celebrities, alcohol and cocaine, his ultra-sexy models (both female and male), his astonishing declarations (“I have a fantastic relationship with money”), a handful of corruption cases and a (homo)sexuality not entirely assumed in a timorous era… Gianni Versace and his siblings were ideal fodder for the tabloid press. Then in 1997 tragedy hit the Versace family. Outside his palatial Miami residence, Gianni Versace, aged 50, was shot down by serial killer Andrew Cunanan who then killed himself before the police could arrest him. Subsequently, his brother and sister continued the name of Versace, now the stuff of legends. Because beyond his smouldering lifestyle, Gianni Versace had truly revolutionised fashion.       “At a time when fashion was embarking on globalisation, these supermodels enflamed an already very flamboyant house of Versace.” In the wake of infamous American footballer O.J. Simpson whose tumultuous lawsuit had the press in a frenzy for months, Ryan Murphy has chosen to portray the much mediatised 1997 assassination of Italian couturier Gianni Versace for the second season of his anthology series American Crime Story, set to commence on Canal+ on January 17th. Having made baroque glamour his trademark, Gianni Versace, accompanied by his sister Donatella and brother Santo, built a veritable fashion empire. Supermodels and celebrities, glitzy luxury and hard-hitting ad campaigns, a blanket refusal of good taste and provocative images, under the reign of Gianni Versace, “too much” was never enough.      1- Glamour and decadence, Italian fashion according to Gianni Versace   Just as Gianni Versace founded his house, Italian fashion was booming. Although often compared to Giorgio Armani, who opened in 1975, his fashion was the opposite to the minimalist tailoring of his compatriot. With the help of his sister Donatella, who was also his muse, he established a glamorous, ultra-sexy and highly colourful style that hijacked the codes of Italian culture, art and the trends of his era. A true couturier, he constructed his creations by draping them directly onto the models without patterns or sketches. Inspired as much by theatre, ballet, architecture and modern art as by the prostitutes who lined the streets of Calabria during his childhood and gay nightclubs in New York, he blithely introduced black leather, bondage references, garish colours, baroque prints, indecent lengths, slits and ultra-body-con. He mastered these codes so completely that even when he did a grunge collection for winter 1993, it oozed sensuality. Encouraged by Donatella, Gianni Versace would liberate women (and men) from the shackles of good taste. He also applied his gaudy style, symbolised by a golden Medusa head, to interior décor with his villa in Milan and mansion in Miami, to perfumes, linen and tableware. From then on, abundance of luxury and wealth had a name: Versace.     “Gianni Versace built a destiny that was the complete opposite to his humble beginnings. An intense life shared between wealth, opulence and celebrities.”     2- Gianni Versace, 50 smouldering years of life   Originating from a small village in Calabria overrun with poverty and corruption, Gianni Versace built a destiny that was the complete opposite to his humble beginnings. An intense life shared between wealth, opulence and celebrities. In was in 1978, at the age of 32, alongside his brother, that he created what would become the future Versace empire. They were soon joined by their sister Donatella Versace, whose flamboyant personality and party-girl reputation further spiced the already vibrant Versace. Despite leading a pretty simple life, Gianni Versace had a taste for the beautiful things associated with an arrogant and rigid character. With his extravagant parties brimming with celebrities, alcohol and cocaine, his ultra-sexy models (both female and male), his astonishing declarations (“I have a fantastic relationship with money”), a handful of corruption cases and a (homo)sexuality not entirely assumed in a timorous era… Gianni Versace and his siblings were ideal fodder for the tabloid press. Then in 1997 tragedy hit the Versace family. Outside his palatial Miami residence, Gianni Versace, aged 50, was shot down by serial killer Andrew Cunanan who then killed himself before the police could arrest him. Subsequently, his brother and sister continued the name of Versace, now the stuff of legends. Because beyond his smouldering lifestyle, Gianni Versace had truly revolutionised fashion.       “At a time when fashion was embarking on globalisation, these supermodels enflamed an already very flamboyant house of Versace.” 3- Creation of the supermodels   Last September in Milan, Donatella Versace honoured her brother with a tribute runway show that brought the most iconic Versace looks out of the archives once more. The artistic director gave us a show that only Versace could do, with a finale bringing together five of the biggest models of all time - Carla Bruni, Claudia Schiffer, Naomi Campbell, Cindy Crawford and Helena Christensen - all swathed in gold lamé, reviving a golden age of fashion. Before 1986, these models with their sculptural physiques were more used to appearing on the pages of magazines than on the catwalks during fashion week. But pushed by Donatella, Gianni changed that and put them on his runway. It was a roaring success and the supermodel era began. Boosted by the presence of these incredible girls, it was a time when champagne, caviar and unforgettable parties dominated Fashion Week. Later, it was Donatella who suggested showing a young Kate Moss, a few months before she started walking the runways. At a time when fashion was embarking on globalisation, these supermodels enflamed an already very flamboyant house of Versace.       In the wake of infamous American footballer O.J. Simpson whose tumultuous lawsuit had the press in a frenzy for months, Ryan Murphy has chosen to portray the much mediatised 1997 assassination of Italian couturier Gianni Versace for the second season of his anthology series American Crime Story, set to commence on Canal+ on January 17th. Having made baroque glamour his trademark, Gianni Versace, accompanied by his sister Donatella and brother Santo, built a veritable fashion empire. Supermodels and celebrities, glitzy luxury and hard-hitting ad campaigns, a blanket refusal of good taste and provocative images, under the reign of Gianni Versace, “too much” was never enough.      1- Glamour and decadence, Italian fashion according to Gianni Versace   Just as Gianni Versace founded his house, Italian fashion was booming. Although often compared to Giorgio Armani, who opened in 1975, his fashion was the opposite to the minimalist tailoring of his compatriot. With the help of his sister Donatella, who was also his muse, he established a glamorous, ultra-sexy and highly colourful style that hijacked the codes of Italian culture, art and the trends of his era. A true couturier, he constructed his creations by draping them directly onto the models without patterns or sketches. Inspired as much by theatre, ballet, architecture and modern art as by the prostitutes who lined the streets of Calabria during his childhood and gay nightclubs in New York, he blithely introduced black leather, bondage references, garish colours, baroque prints, indecent lengths, slits and ultra-body-con. He mastered these codes so completely that even when he did a grunge collection for winter 1993, it oozed sensuality. Encouraged by Donatella, Gianni Versace would liberate women (and men) from the shackles of good taste. He also applied his gaudy style, symbolised by a golden Medusa head, to interior décor with his villa in Milan and mansion in Miami, to perfumes, linen and tableware. From then on, abundance of luxury and wealth had a name: Versace.     “Gianni Versace built a destiny that was the complete opposite to his humble beginnings. An intense life shared between wealth, opulence and celebrities.”     2- Gianni Versace, 50 smouldering years of life   Originating from a small village in Calabria overrun with poverty and corruption, Gianni Versace built a destiny that was the complete opposite to his humble beginnings. An intense life shared between wealth, opulence and celebrities. In was in 1978, at the age of 32, alongside his brother, that he created what would become the future Versace empire. They were soon joined by their sister Donatella Versace, whose flamboyant personality and party-girl reputation further spiced the already vibrant Versace. Despite leading a pretty simple life, Gianni Versace had a taste for the beautiful things associated with an arrogant and rigid character. With his extravagant parties brimming with celebrities, alcohol and cocaine, his ultra-sexy models (both female and male), his astonishing declarations (“I have a fantastic relationship with money”), a handful of corruption cases and a (homo)sexuality not entirely assumed in a timorous era… Gianni Versace and his siblings were ideal fodder for the tabloid press. Then in 1997 tragedy hit the Versace family. Outside his palatial Miami residence, Gianni Versace, aged 50, was shot down by serial killer Andrew Cunanan who then killed himself before the police could arrest him. Subsequently, his brother and sister continued the name of Versace, now the stuff of legends. Because beyond his smouldering lifestyle, Gianni Versace had truly revolutionised fashion.       “At a time when fashion was embarking on globalisation, these supermodels enflamed an already very flamboyant house of Versace.” 3- Creation of the supermodels   Last September in Milan, Donatella Versace honoured her brother with a tribute runway show that brought the most iconic Versace looks out of the archives once more. The artistic director gave us a show that only Versace could do, with a finale bringing together five of the biggest models of all time - Carla Bruni, Claudia Schiffer, Naomi Campbell, Cindy Crawford and Helena Christensen - all swathed in gold lamé, reviving a golden age of fashion. Before 1986, these models with their sculptural physiques were more used to appearing on the pages of magazines than on the catwalks during fashion week. But pushed by Donatella, Gianni changed that and put them on his runway. It was a roaring success and the supermodel era began. Boosted by the presence of these incredible girls, it was a time when champagne, caviar and unforgettable parties dominated Fashion Week. Later, it was Donatella who suggested showing a young Kate Moss, a few months before she started walking the runways. At a time when fashion was embarking on globalisation, these supermodels enflamed an already very flamboyant house of Versace.       4- Actresses, rock stars and princesses, the new models   As well as being an incredible designer. Gianni Versace was a gifted businessman. Very quickly he realised the power of celebrities as free publicity for his brand. Thanks to his encounter with Elton John, whose theatrical style was the perfect match for the exuberance of Gianni’s creations, he began to weave links with the music industry. Like a walking advert for the Italian label, the English singer and his 40 number 1 hits on the American Billboard, massively contributed to the promotion of the house in both Europe and the USA. Among the artists dressed by Versace were Paul McCartney and Michael Jackson in their video for Say, Say, Say, Bruce Springsteen on his Born in the USA tour, and rapper Tupac who couldn’t get enough of his famous Medusa head necklace worth $45 000. In 1991 it was another personality altogether who wore the Italian designer. Shot by Patrick Demarchelier for the cover of British Harper's Bazaar, Lady Diana, still a princess at the time, gave the label a better-behaved image. And then along came Elizabeth Hurley who in 1994 joined her incredibly famous actor boyfriend Hugh Grant on the red carpet wearing a revealing black dress held together with oversized gold safety pins. That night both Liz Hurley and “that dress”, as it became known, entered the annals of fashion history. After that Gianni and Donatella would always invite celebrities to sit on their front row and they were among the first to turn their runway shows into red carpet events.   American Crime Story: The Assassination of Gianni Versace, from January 17th on Canal + Numéro art: You greatly admire several Italian artists.  Maria Grazia Chiuri: I hold Carol Rama, Carla Accardi and Marisa Merz in very high esteem. I’m far from being a specialist, but I’m easily moved by art. I’m confident that one day these artists will gain wider recognition than they have now. Unfortunately, in Italy we tend not to promote our local talents. We’re so focused on elsewhere… For example, I think Italian Pop Art was overly eclipsed by American Pop Art. While Leo Castelli was showing the best artists in New York, we sorely lacked the equivalent in Rome. But I’m convinced that time will bring their dues to these important figures.   How do you explain this tendency in Italy? In general we’re incapable of promoting our talents on the international stage – not only art, but also Italian cuisine, design, etc. Perhaps our inability to get organized is both our strength and limitation. We’re a nation of individualists, which pushes us to be creative and innovative, but doesn’t encourage us to unite behind our artists and chefs… I see the same thing happening in Italian fashion. And yet what makes Rome beautiful is that art is everywhere. At Valentino, we had an unforgettable experience organizing Mirabilia Romae; it gave us the opportunity to discover a hidden Rome. At one point we had the chance to visit Luigi Ontani’s studio. Ontani is an artist whose universe is pretty close to fashion. Just look at his costumes, ceramics, and paintings, even his personality. He has an exceptional ability to encapsulate the Zeitgeist.    As a native of Rome, how do you view the city’s artistic effervescence in the 60s and 70s? I’m thinking of figures like Franco Angeli, Tano Festa, Mario Schifano and Giosetta Fioroni. I adore them. I had the chance to work with Giosetta Fioroni at Valentino. She’s incredible, an emblematic figure of Italian art who always fought prejudice against women artists. She also belonged to the Piazza del Popolo School, which is why I feel close to her and her story, since it’s inseparable from my city’s story. I was impressed by her open-mindedness: she was curious about my ideas and wanted to understand the creative processes in fashion. Visiting her studio in Trastevere was a great discovery. I would also have liked to collaborate with Carol Rama, but unfortunately I was too late [Rama passed away in 2015]. There’s Alberto Burri too. I remember, during his centenary retrospective, I excitedly asked, “How much would it cost to restore the Cretto di Burri?” Everyone looked at me like I was crazy. I’d like to do something, it’s a monument to a catastrophe after all [the 1968 earthquake that destroyed Gibellina]. Italy’s most famous piece of land art is in a state of total abandon.     “I like collaborating with contemporary artists. They deal with subjects, in one way or another, affect us directly as women.” Numéro art: You greatly admire several Italian artists.  Maria Grazia Chiuri: I hold Carol Rama, Carla Accardi and Marisa Merz in very high esteem. I’m far from being a specialist, but I’m easily moved by art. I’m confident that one day these artists will gain wider recognition than they have now. Unfortunately, in Italy we tend not to promote our local talents. We’re so focused on elsewhere… For example, I think Italian Pop Art was overly eclipsed by American Pop Art. While Leo Castelli was showing the best artists in New York, we sorely lacked the equivalent in Rome. But I’m convinced that time will bring their dues to these important figures.   How do you explain this tendency in Italy? In general we’re incapable of promoting our talents on the international stage – not only art, but also Italian cuisine, design, etc. Perhaps our inability to get organized is both our strength and limitation. We’re a nation of individualists, which pushes us to be creative and innovative, but doesn’t encourage us to unite behind our artists and chefs… I see the same thing happening in Italian fashion. And yet what makes Rome beautiful is that art is everywhere. At Valentino, we had an unforgettable experience organizing Mirabilia Romae; it gave us the opportunity to discover a hidden Rome. At one point we had the chance to visit Luigi Ontani’s studio. Ontani is an artist whose universe is pretty close to fashion. Just look at his costumes, ceramics, and paintings, even his personality. He has an exceptional ability to encapsulate the Zeitgeist.    As a native of Rome, how do you view the city’s artistic effervescence in the 60s and 70s? I’m thinking of figures like Franco Angeli, Tano Festa, Mario Schifano and Giosetta Fioroni. I adore them. I had the chance to work with Giosetta Fioroni at Valentino. She’s incredible, an emblematic figure of Italian art who always fought prejudice against women artists. She also belonged to the Piazza del Popolo School, which is why I feel close to her and her story, since it’s inseparable from my city’s story. I was impressed by her open-mindedness: she was curious about my ideas and wanted to understand the creative processes in fashion. Visiting her studio in Trastevere was a great discovery. I would also have liked to collaborate with Carol Rama, but unfortunately I was too late [Rama passed away in 2015]. There’s Alberto Burri too. I remember, during his centenary retrospective, I excitedly asked, “How much would it cost to restore the Cretto di Burri?” Everyone looked at me like I was crazy. I’d like to do something, it’s a monument to a catastrophe after all [the 1968 earthquake that destroyed Gibellina]. Italy’s most famous piece of land art is in a state of total abandon.     “I like collaborating with contemporary artists. They deal with subjects, in one way or another, affect us directly as women.” Do you frequent the new generation of artists?  Yes. I discovered Pietro Ruffo in Rome when he exhibited an old aeroplane, and I fell under his spell. By chance, I had dinner with a collector who owns one of his globes. I asked for Ruffo’s phone number and went to meet him in his studio. I like his work a lot.   To the point of collaborating with him?  Yes, of course. In the archives, I discovered a book in which Christian Dior talks about the year 1957 – a decade after opening his fashion house – and his meteoric business success on an international level. He opened boutiques in London, New York, Havana… It’s astonishing to see the speed with which the brand was exported and globalized. His quest to make his label international and to break down frontiers fascinates me. When I went to see Ruffo, he was working on a project that used projections on globes and reflected on the fact that the earth has always known massive migration, and therefore a certain mixing of peoples. The path that led me where I am today was also like a migration, and considering this new possibility, I looked at Pietro and said, “We were made to get along famously!”     “Talking about fashion comes down to talking about women, in relation to their bodies, but also to society.”     I know you are very interested in Georgia O’Keeffe. Is she a source of inspiration for you?  While working on my last Dior collection, I did indeed find many sources of inspiration in the Georgia O’Keeffe show in New York [Living Modern, Brooklyn Museum, 2017]. It was particularly interesting because it didn’t focus so much on the work as on the shamanic artist herself.   Are you referring to the many portraits of her by Alfred Stieglitz, her husband, which are almost a parallel oeuvre to her painting?  These photos attest to Stieglitz’s fascination with his wife’s personality. They’re incredible. I wish I had a husband who photographed me like that! There’s a rare form of love, passion, and devotion in those photos.   Why is fashion so interested in artists these days?  Talking about fashion comes down to talking about women, in relation to their bodies, but also to society. That’s why I like collaborating so much with contemporary artists. They deal with subjects that, in one way or another, affect us directly as women.     “I have a certain responsibility in my role as the first woman to head Dior. I had to be completely prepared to broach subjects outside the limits of pure fashion but that are fundamental on a social level...” Numéro art: You greatly admire several Italian artists.  Maria Grazia Chiuri: I hold Carol Rama, Carla Accardi and Marisa Merz in very high esteem. I’m far from being a specialist, but I’m easily moved by art. I’m confident that one day these artists will gain wider recognition than they have now. Unfortunately, in Italy we tend not to promote our local talents. We’re so focused on elsewhere… For example, I think Italian Pop Art was overly eclipsed by American Pop Art. While Leo Castelli was showing the best artists in New York, we sorely lacked the equivalent in Rome. But I’m convinced that time will bring their dues to these important figures.   How do you explain this tendency in Italy? In general we’re incapable of promoting our talents on the international stage – not only art, but also Italian cuisine, design, etc. Perhaps our inability to get organized is both our strength and limitation. We’re a nation of individualists, which pushes us to be creative and innovative, but doesn’t encourage us to unite behind our artists and chefs… I see the same thing happening in Italian fashion. And yet what makes Rome beautiful is that art is everywhere. At Valentino, we had an unforgettable experience organizing Mirabilia Romae; it gave us the opportunity to discover a hidden Rome. At one point we had the chance to visit Luigi Ontani’s studio. Ontani is an artist whose universe is pretty close to fashion. Just look at his costumes, ceramics, and paintings, even his personality. He has an exceptional ability to encapsulate the Zeitgeist.    As a native of Rome, how do you view the city’s artistic effervescence in the 60s and 70s? I’m thinking of figures like Franco Angeli, Tano Festa, Mario Schifano and Giosetta Fioroni. I adore them. I had the chance to work with Giosetta Fioroni at Valentino. She’s incredible, an emblematic figure of Italian art who always fought prejudice against women artists. She also belonged to the Piazza del Popolo School, which is why I feel close to her and her story, since it’s inseparable from my city’s story. I was impressed by her open-mindedness: she was curious about my ideas and wanted to understand the creative processes in fashion. Visiting her studio in Trastevere was a great discovery. I would also have liked to collaborate with Carol Rama, but unfortunately I was too late [Rama passed away in 2015]. There’s Alberto Burri too. I remember, during his centenary retrospective, I excitedly asked, “How much would it cost to restore the Cretto di Burri?” Everyone looked at me like I was crazy. I’d like to do something, it’s a monument to a catastrophe after all [the 1968 earthquake that destroyed Gibellina]. Italy’s most famous piece of land art is in a state of total abandon.     “I like collaborating with contemporary artists. They deal with subjects, in one way or another, affect us directly as women.” Do you frequent the new generation of artists?  Yes. I discovered Pietro Ruffo in Rome when he exhibited an old aeroplane, and I fell under his spell. By chance, I had dinner with a collector who owns one of his globes. I asked for Ruffo’s phone number and went to meet him in his studio. I like his work a lot.   To the point of collaborating with him?  Yes, of course. In the archives, I discovered a book in which Christian Dior talks about the year 1957 – a decade after opening his fashion house – and his meteoric business success on an international level. He opened boutiques in London, New York, Havana… It’s astonishing to see the speed with which the brand was exported and globalized. His quest to make his label international and to break down frontiers fascinates me. When I went to see Ruffo, he was working on a project that used projections on globes and reflected on the fact that the earth has always known massive migration, and therefore a certain mixing of peoples. The path that led me where I am today was also like a migration, and considering this new possibility, I looked at Pietro and said, “We were made to get along famously!”     “Talking about fashion comes down to talking about women, in relation to their bodies, but also to society.”     I know you are very interested in Georgia O’Keeffe. Is she a source of inspiration for you?  While working on my last Dior collection, I did indeed find many sources of inspiration in the Georgia O’Keeffe show in New York [Living Modern, Brooklyn Museum, 2017]. It was particularly interesting because it didn’t focus so much on the work as on the shamanic artist herself.   Are you referring to the many portraits of her by Alfred Stieglitz, her husband, which are almost a parallel oeuvre to her painting?  These photos attest to Stieglitz’s fascination with his wife’s personality. They’re incredible. I wish I had a husband who photographed me like that! There’s a rare form of love, passion, and devotion in those photos.   Why is fashion so interested in artists these days?  Talking about fashion comes down to talking about women, in relation to their bodies, but also to society. That’s why I like collaborating so much with contemporary artists. They deal with subjects that, in one way or another, affect us directly as women.     “I have a certain responsibility in my role as the first woman to head Dior. I had to be completely prepared to broach subjects outside the limits of pure fashion but that are fundamental on a social level...” Especially in her early career, Tracey Emin focused in a very conceptual way on the relationship between bodies and sexuality.  Now we’re getting down to the nitty gritty. Tracey and I had a long discussion when we first met in her studio. The first point she brought up regarding fashion was the size problem, the fact that a “normal” woman often feels uncomfortable. I have a certain responsibility in my role as the first woman to head Dior. I had to be completely prepared to broach subjects outside the limits of pure fashion but that are fundamental on a social level, all the while maintaining a playful rapport with it. We often forget that fashion has to be both be audacious and fun.    “The higher you go, the fewer women there are in leading positions” is a quote from a 2014 speech given by Nigerian writer Chimamanda Ngozi Adiche, who you know I believe. Is this statement is still true?  Chimamanda’s speech was very pertinent, delivered in a facetious, biting tone. I remember laughing so much during an interview with her in Los Angeles. We talked about her ability to dive into very serious concepts with humour. Perhaps it’s the solution to changing the way people think: taking a light-hearted approach, inverting viewpoints and fighting this image of feminist “furies.” I don’t like being thought of as angry when we’re simply concerned. I’m concerned for my children’s future and for future generations. That a woman who says what she thinks must be a strong woman is a very widespread stereotype. I think I’m pretty vulnerable, but I try to say what I think, even if it’s not easy. The sole fact of trying is perceived as a demonstration of strength. The women artists we’ve talked about, who weren’t afraid of exposing themselves, fascinate me. They faced criticism that no one would dare direct at a man. Works by these women, such as Tracey Emin’s Everyone I Have Ever Slept With 1963-1995, were real punches to the gut.   Born in Cheltenham, a regency spa town in the south of England, and a graduate of the Bristol Old Vic Theatre School in 2011, Josh O’Connor hadn’t planned on going into film. While the British cop series Lewis brought him to attention on the small screen in 2012, it was alongside Hugh Grant and Meryl Streep in the biopic Florence Foster Jenkins (2016) that he wandered through the front door of movie-making. The film was about the life of a dreadful New York socialite who dreams of becoming an opera singer. After a brief stint in the series Peaky Blinders, 2017 will go down as the year he really made it thanks to director Francis Lee who gave him the lead role in the full-length feature God’s Own Country, which won him Best Actor at the British Independent Film Awards. In this countryside account soaked by Yorkshire drizzle – the worst on the British Isles – a depressed farmer, Johnny Saxby endures the monotony of rural life. A grafter whose daily existence is lifted only by alcohol and fleeting liaisons. Until he meets Romanian seasonal worker Gheorghe one day, and despite his perplexity, the confrontation subtly leads to romance and his confusion finally wanes.   Josh O’Connor's performance in this new Brokeback Mountain, one of the best films of the year won over the public and caught the eye of a certain Jonathan Anderson, creative director at Loewe. The Irish designer saw in Josh’s acting, “an incredible and very pure strength” and subsequently made him the new face of Loewe. Standard bearer of the Spanish brand’s menswear campaigns, the 27-year old actor is now busy refusing offers from various big Hollywood producers. Josh O'Connor has no intention of donning a super-hero’s cape and saving Manhattan. He’s interested only in independent movies, with plans to develop his palette of roles and will most likely go back to the boards that saw him born.  Formerly a resident of a brownstone townhouse, Daniel Day knew all about the effervescence of suburban New York fashion in the 1980's. And rightly so because he was one of its spearheads: “My story with fashion is directly linked to that of hip-hop,” he explains. Born in the ghetto, Daniel Day, his real name, opened a little boutique determined to make it big. Very quickly he established a name for himself by hijacking the logos of the biggest brands (Louis Vuitton, Gucci, Fendi…) and producing unusual pieces inspired by Zairian wax fabrics. Designer to the stars, the owner of Dapper Dan’s Boutique dressed sportspeople and rappers alike before embarking on made-to-measure. “Dap” totally tapped into the original bling era, when extravagance reined supreme in the streets of Harlem. The modest store metamorphosed into a luxury business.   With the boot clearly on the other foot now, Gucci was heavily influenced by Dapper Dan for its most recent resort show in May, and today the brand is opening its own creative workshop north of Manhattan. The den of “Made in Harlem” fashion is adopting a contemporary style all while conserving, as a sort of tribute, the Dapper Dan’s Boutique label. By joining forces with the designer, Gucci is retaining the excitement that pervaded the streets in the 80s. The Dapper Dan’s Boutique is now a workshop on Lenox Avenue, the fruits of an encounter between Alessandro Michele’s aesthetic and the spirit of Dapper Dan. Clients can order made-to-measure pieces created from Gucci fabrics. A vibrant venue with a vintage ambiance, velvet lined screens, cherry red woodwork, leather and wood furniture and framed photographs of the workshop’s golden age. Having fallen out of favour, Dapper Dan had shut up shop in 1992. But now he's back with a bang and to accompany this inauguration, Gucci is launching a Gucci x Dapper Dan capsule collection set to be part of the fall 2018 collection.    Opening of the new Dapper Dan’s Boutique in January 2018. Harlem, New York. Creations strictly by appointment only. Numéro: Your bodyguard’s hot. What’s his name?  Donatella Versace: He is, right? He’s called Gabriele and he’s been with me for 15 years. He follows me everywhere I go.   You paid an extraordinary homage to Gianni at your last ready to wear show. What prompted you to take such a lovely walk down memory lane?  Gianni passed away 20 years ago, which is a long time. I felt more sure of myself, and felt it was time to go back to the archive. I wanted to bring back Gianni’s sense of joy. Paying homage to Gianni isn’t as easy as it seems, because he accomplished so much. So I decided to focus on his prints. When Gianni did them, nobody was doing prints. And the types of prints he was doing featured between 18 and 20 colours, which was technically unheard of at the time. I also thought it was important to show Gianni’s cultural heritage to the younger generations…   …the wretched millennials! I live with millennials. Need I remind you that I have a son and a daughter, and I spend a lot of time with all their friends. I love working with all the young models, like Kendall and Gigi and Bella… They always tell me how much time they spend scouring eBay to find vintage printed jeans and printed shirts from the 90s. Everyone was asking me, “Where can I find that stuff?” So I decided to show them.   You say that Gianni accomplished so much, but you have too since his untimely death, wouldn’t you say?  That’s not for me to say. My brother was such an icon, such a genius, that it’s impossible for me to compare myself to him. Next to Gianni, I feel like I’m nobody. But at the same time, I was there by his side throughout his career, and I remember all the incredible moments that we shared together. I was always pushing him to be bolder, more daring and provocative in his work. I hate to wax nostalgic, because I love the times we’re living in, but fashion was a lot freer back then. It wasn’t all about marketing, merchandising, pricing and budgets as it is today. All those words that you have in your mind when you head to the office today didn’t exist back then. “Budgets” being the worst of all of them.     “I was keen on empowering women, and I wanted to change the perception that people had of the brand from ‘look at me’ to ‘listen to me.’ When I started designing for the brand, I wanted things to be a little bit more sophisticated.”     How can you possibly feel like you’re nobody? You’re Donatella friggin’ Versace for heaven’s sake!  Today a designer is only ever as good as his or her last collection. You have to prove yourself every season. More than ever, fashion is a battlefield, because there are so many brands – ten times more than when Gianni was around and so many people who want new things. I probably shouldn’t be saying this, but I don’t think that this notion of “heritage brands” is relevant anymore. A brand always has to change. You need to keep a fresh mind, fresh eyes and be able to listen to people.   How have you changed in the past 20 years? I’ve changed completely. I was bold, and I’m still bold, but in different way.   What do you think your brother brought to fashion? He was a true revolutionary and completely changed the course of fashion. He was the first one to use black leather and bondage for women’s eveningwear, for example. In the 90s, all the other houses followed suit and used leather in their collections, but when Gianni first did it, black leather was only to be found in a handful of seedy gay bars in downtown New York. Gianni never played it safe: his work was radical and divisive. You either loved it or hated it.      “Millennials don’t know anything about the 90s, I thought it might be a nice idea to show them just how beautiful and professional the supermodels were.”     Which of your brother’s collections most inspired you? Difficult to say. When we were doing fittings with Gianni, he’d say, “Let’s shorten the skirt a bit,” and then pin the skirt’s hem just above the knee. But as soon as he’d turned his back, I’d sneak in and hike the skirt right up to the crotch and pair it with thigh-high stiletto-heeled boots. I’d be like, “Let’s go for it!”, and he would scream, “You’re going to destroy me!”, but ultimately he would embrace it. We’d all be laughing our heads off, having a great time. He enjoyed taking risks.   How is your own personal style different to Gianni’s? Fashion has been through a complete revolution since I’ve been at the helm of Versace. When Gianni was alive, there was no such thing as the internet, let alone social media. I’d been living in a golden cage with Gianni for all those years, being able to do whatever I wanted to do, and suddenly I’m confronted with this brave new world of Instagram and influencers. The first few years weren’t easy for me. People were telling me to step into Gianni’s shoes and simply continue what he’d been doing, but I couldn’t bring myself to do that. As a woman, my approach to designing clothes for other women was obviously going to be different. I was keen on empowering women, and I wanted to change the perception that people had of the brand from “look at me” to “listen to me.” That was very important to me. W he n I star te d de signing for Versace, I wanted things to be a little bit more sophisticated, with fewer colours and fewer prints. And I wanted to shift the focus to daywear because, let’s face it, most people spend most of their life wearing clothes during the day. Versace had always been known for cocktail dresses and celebrities, so it was an about-face for the brand that wasn’t as easy as you might think.   Was it your idea to reunite some of the world’s most iconic supermodels at the last show? Yes. You wouldn’t believe what a logistical nightmare it was! [Laughs.] Millennials, whether it be my children or their friends, don’t know anything about the 90s, so I thought it might be a nice idea to show them just how beautiful and professional the supermodels were, and what extraordinary personalities they have.   How much was Gianni responsible for the supermodel craze?  He played a decisive role in their success because he was the first designer to put them on the runway. In those days, there were two types of model: print models and runway models. Linda Evangelista, Cindy Crawford and all the girls that Avedon shot for our campaigns would never do the shows because they were considered to be print models. But when Gianni saw the pictures, he asked, “Why don’t we put these girls on the runway?” And I said, “Okay, let’s try it!” It was a little tricky at first, because they didn’t know how to walk a catwalk like the runway girls, but they had such strong personalities that Gianni immediately fell in love with them.     “I don’t see why wearing flat shoes, no make-up and unkempt hair makes you more intelligent.”     Which was your favourite? Mine was Linda.  Linda was super professional. She never made a mistake, neither in a picture nor on the runway. She certainly knew how to prepare herself: she could spend three hours before a shoot checking out her facial expressions in the mirror, finding the perfect way to arch an eyebrow. The professionalism of those girls was incredible.   How do you manage to remain so glamorous at all times? Am I?   Glamorous is rather an understatement: you’re the eighth wonder of the world, right up there with the Hanging Gardens of Babylon.  You’re so generous! But let me ask you: why shouldn’t a woman be glamorous? I don’t see why wearing flat shoes, no make-up and unkempt hair makes you more intelligent.   Which of your accomplishments are you most proud of? I know I’ve made a few mistakes along the way – after all, nobody’s perfect – but I’m proud to have steered Versace through the winds of change over the last 20 years without the brand losing any of its relevance.   You stun on red carpets – what’s your secret to always looking so picture perfect? I’ve been working with supermodels most of my life, which has allowed me to pick up a few tricks of the trade along the way. I learnt, for instance, that good lighting is absolutely key to flattering a woman’s beauty. Basically, on red carpets, the idea is to keep moving until the lighting is just right. So I’ve learnt how to recognize exactly when to stop.   In years to come, how would you like to be remembered?  I’d rather people forgot about me. “This métiers d’art runway show, conceived as midway between haute couture and ready-to-wear, is a chance to create something completely new starting from zero. Karl Lagerfeld chooses the venue and the theme, but we have total freedom in terms of innovation. There is nothing in our archives that could express the city of Hamburg”, explains Hubert Barrère, artistic director of the house of Lesage.   Just like a fashion designer, Hubert Barrère and his studio considered what the city of Hamburg means to them, particularly in terms of the colours and the shapes: a port in the North of Europe. From midnight blue and black to grey and rust, but also the metallic aspect of the cranes that bring such a special architecture to life. After eight days, he presented the various original creations to Karl, retaining the sailor theme based around navy blue, black and traces of silver.   With an unrivalled precision and complexity, the Lesage embroideries, entirely crafted by hand, are unique in the world because they combine different techniques, capitalising on decades of experience from different cultures, as much Western as Middle Eastern and Asian. Affixed on trousers, dresses, tops, jackets, sweaters, handbags, fingerless gloves and hats, in details, braids, all-over, they recall the details of the theme they’re treating with an extreme finesse: the drops of black organza whose beaded edges echo the water in the port at night. For the 45th Pirelli calendar, the British fashion photographer revisits Lewis Carroll’s most famous tale. High in fantasy, this version focuses on African beauty, with an Alice embodied by Duckie Thot, the young Australian-Sudanese model and muse for Fenty Beauty. “When I met Duckie Thot, I instantly knew she was my Alice, it was just so obvious. I wanted a model whose image hadn’t been dulled by fame,” Tim Walker told us.   This flamboyant re-enactment is led by iconic figures from fashion, music and cinema including models Naomi Campbell and Adwoa Aboah, actors Djimon Houson as the King of Hearts and the astonishing duchess Whoopi Goldberg, artists Sean “Diddy” Combs as an elegant executioner and American drag-queen RuPaul. A reinvigorating activism emanates from this bold shoot, between the dreamlike decors and the incredible costumes by Ghanaian stylist Edward Enninful, the new editor-in-chief of British Vogue. Since 1964, the Italian group Pirelli, the fifth biggest producer of tyres in the world, has also been publishing the Pirelli calendar, hotly anticipated by collectors and photography enthusiasts alike. Until now only Terence Donovan had immortalised black models for the 1987 edition, which also featured Naomi Campbell.  The video for the HIGH KNIT line takes us to the home and studio of painter Carl Larsson. Jackets, dresses and sweaters share a similar aesthetic and combine function and elegance in noble fabrics, quality wools and natural fibres. Realised in rich shades of red, blue and bright yellow, the pieces have a distinct style, very like the paintings of Carl Larsson himself, elements of which are reflected in his working environment. The HIGH knit collection fits perfectly into this creative space, with its strong graphics and contemporary attitude   Finally, the HIGH TECH line which draws inspiration from performance sportswear. By mixing conventional clothing catagories Claire Campbell plays with materials to create  sophisticated pieces. Roll-neck sweaters have high-relief tone-on-tone motifs that revitilise the concept of cable-knits. Technical fabrics bring a lightness to even the most structured pieces, highlighting the practical aspects of the design, while cleverly constructed military style coats, along with gilets and jackets remain easy to wear.       More on www.high-everydaycouture.com Numéro: It’s often said that the New York fashion week is more commercial than the Paris one. Is this why you decided to show in Paris? Do you feel more at home in the European tradition? Lazaro Hernandez: We don’t really identify with American fashion or European fashion. We kind of do what we love and what we know. In today’s world, I feel the boundaries between the fashion capitals are kind of breaking down. As for us, every designer we looked up to when we were growing up was European – Helmut Lang, Prada, Martin Margiela. So we were definitely very much influenced as students by European designers. But as Americans we definitely have the ease and the sportswear attitude. So we are kind of a mix of different parts of the world. We are Americans in the world that we live in today.   So why did you decide to move the show to Paris?  LH: We’ve been showing at New York fashion week for ten years now, and we wanted to challenge ourselves. It had become kind of commonplace for us to organize a show there every February and every September. We’ve always dreamt of showing in Paris, the world capital of fashion. And we’d been talking about the idea of merging our pre-collection and main collection. So it all came together quite organically.    Do you feel that the four-show-a-year calendar has just become too much? Did you decide you wanted to be more focused?  LH: Yes. Recently the business of fashion has been focused on pre-collections. So you would go around the world and see that 75% of the clothes in stores are from the pre-collections. For us that became a problem, because we work so hard on our main collections, and we wanted them to be the bulk of what the buyers buy, and we wanted to see them in stores. So that was one of the main reasons why we decided to merge the pre- and main collections. We had a pre-collection team working independently, and us working on the main collections independently, so in the end it was like having two different design studios. It just didn’t make sense anymore. We wanted the whole team to be working together, doing one collection at the same time. Jack Mccollough: So we decided to merge the collections, and to organize our shows during couture week, which is also when buyers are looking at pre-collections. By showing our ready-to-wear at that moment, we allow buyers to respect their calendar. LH: It’s also because couture is a bit of a quieter week, and our friends always say that they love that week because there are fewer shows and the people who are there really are the right people, the good crowd. JM: But it’s also a bit of a risk, because we’re showing ready-to-wear during the week when Chanel, Dior and historical houses are showing actual couture. We didn’t want to be considered alongside those big names; we never wanted people to think we were showing couture.   Did you nonetheless use the move as a pretext to explore techniques and savoir-faire that can only be found in Europe? JM: Yes, we’ve been spending a lot more time in Paris these last two years, we’ve been doing a lot of research and found these ateliers that specialize in hand weaving and feather work and embroidery. So our time in Paris really was a trigger point for the spring/summer 2018 collection which we showed this July. In the past we pushed the technology side of things, but this time we decided to focus more on the craft. There’s always a balance in our collections – we don’t want them to feel too hand-worked or too futuristic. But this one is definitely more focused on traditional craft techniques. And when we started spending time in Paris we really dived into that world and started to explore it.      “So we asked oursevles, ‘What are the codes of French couture?’ Corsetry, ruffles, flowers, lace, feathers... all these cliché codes. Sometimes we don’t even like those elements. But we asked ourselves, ‘How can we make them interesting? How can we make them feel new? How do we put them through our filter?’ An example would be, ‘How do you make corsetry fucked up and weird? How do you twist that idea and make it something that’s never been seen before?’” Lazaro Hernandez     Contemporary art is also a big inspiration for you if I’m not mistaken. I know you’re friends with Wade Guyton.  LH: Yes, Wade is a friend. And we also try not to look at too much fashion. When we work on a collection we try not to be influenced by what other people are doing. We try to focus on what we do. And we are really involved with the art world, lots of our friends are artists or curators or gallerists. That tends to be more of an influence on us than fashion per se. So yes, I guess that comes across in the work, and we’ve made collections inspired by different artists in the past, like Ron Nagle, Robert Morris and Piero Manzoni.    Your spring/summer 2018 collection ironically accentuates the clichés of haute couture, such as feathers and lace… LH: Sometimes we try to isolate cliché elements of the idea we’re exploring. So we asked ourselves, “What are the codes of French couture?” Corsetry, ruffles, flowers, lace, feathers… all these cliché codes. Sometimes we don’t even like those elements. But we asked ourselves, “How can we make them interesting? How can we make them feel new? How do we put them through our filter?” An example would be, “How do you make corsetry fucked up and weird? How do you twist that idea and make it something that’s never been seen before?” Put it on a coat, make it out of black leather, do elastic in the back… This is one of the ways we explored these classic, clichéd coats in order to turn them into something contemporary.  JM: Once we had established that silhouette of bigger shoulders and smaller waists, we lengthened the skirts and started playing with proportions, as is our wont. Then we decided to add a ruf fle to the clothes, then a ruffle on the shoe, made out of patent leather to offset the softness of the ruffles and the feathers, to make it more twisted and contemporary. And then we explored jewellery – we had these bracelets in hand-blown glass from Venice, and we did glass earrings with feathers. We explored a more loaded silhouette this time. LH: And we wanted the shoes to be flat with a classic pointed shape, but close to the ground, as if we had just cut the heels. In a way that feels more modern. A woman can walk fast. We cut the back of the shoe off and added a big rubber band to hold the foot – again the idea of breaking down a classic shape and adding something quite industrial.    How did you choose the location for your show – the Lycée Jacques Decour, which added something very Parisian to the whole effect?  JM: In New York we used to show in a warehouse type of space, something with more of an industrial feeling. We started to look for something similar in Paris, but the architecture is so different there, these spaces were more decorated. So we started looking for other types of spaces, and we found this high school, which kind of reminded us of the space where we show in New York, since it’s quite decayed and dilapidated, but obviously with a very different feeling. LH: We wanted a space where noone has ever shown before, and that’s harder to find in Paris, because there are so many shows. But our show producer found this space. And we wanted something very French. It was a sign of respect for France and Paris. Indeed the whole collection was an ode to French couture, to the history of French fashion, so we wanted the whole thing to be our interpretation of that world, expressed in our own language, which is very American and very much of our generation. We wanted to merge those two worlds into one and see what happened.    And what about your next collection? Do you know where you’re heading with it? LH: Yes, we’re now up in the country sketching it. JM: We have a farm up here in the Berkshires where we design each collection. We’re halfway through the current one. We want to explore this idea of craft, but in a very different way this time. Maybe less couture – but craft will be a huge part of it. Numéro Homme: Why made you decide to give up fashion in 2003? Manfred Thierry Mugler: Mainly because fashion was an incredible means of artistic expression in the 70s, 80s and 90s, but it wasn’t like that anymore in the 2000s when creation was completely stifled by marketing and business. Not to mention the most infernal pace and impossible deadlines to keep up with between the cruise collections, the pre-collections, the menswear and the womenswear, the ready-to-wear, the haute couture… You just have to look at all the designers who’ve either lost it or decided to quite while the going’s good. I have to say that I always saw fashion as a very useful and exciting vector for stage direction, but one that has limits. For 20 years my heart broke having to refuse video and performance projects because I simply didn’t have enough time. To shoot a video in Los Angeles for example, you had to be reactive within three weeks, and so I missed out on doing films for Cher – in her heyday -  Aretha Franklin, Bette Midler and so many others. Although as you must know I did find time to make Too Funky for George Michael…   … Yeah now we’re on this subject why exactly did you two fall out on that set? People have been asking the question for 20 years now.  It’s quite simple: George had promised me by email – the day before the shoot, that we were in complete agreement over the script, the story-board and the editing of the video. He said he didn’t want to be in it, unlike all his other videos. So far so good. The next morning, I arrived on set at the Boulogne Studios, where almost 500 people were waiting: one hell of a team, dancers from all over the world, from Japan and Australia, all the top models – Linda, Eva, Nadja, Tyra –, incredible people like Rossy de Palma and Julie Newmar – who played Catwoman in the first Batman – and the female impersonators Lypsinka and Joey Arias… Then George rocks up at 9am and says contrary to everything we’d agreed on, that he wanted shots of him in the video. I told him that was impossible, that the story-board was all sewn up, but I knew he took it badly. We carried on as originally planned for two days but on the last of the shoot he lost it and summoned the whole team to announce: “Mugler is fired. Now I’m the director.” There was a deathly silence on the set, no one moved. I didn’t know where to put myself. Then Julie Newmar spoke out and said indignantly, “I know all about your dealings in Los Angeles Mr Michael! Know that we’re all here for Mugler and not for you!” All the top models then chimed in saying they wouldn’t stay if I didn’t. So, George stalked out and locked himself in his dressing room, after his bodyguards had tried in vain to throw me out. Anyway, we finished the shoot without him, but he ended up adding shots of himself during the editing. In the credits at the end of the video, you’ll notice the words “directed by” are followed by a question mark, for the simple reason he was contractually obliged to acknowledge me as director. To be honest he completely butchered the video for Too Funky in the editing room, and we ended up with something insipid because his only goal was the promotion of his album. He most notably cut the gay and transgender scenes, which seemed a shame considering the royalties from the record went towards the fight against AIDS. It was only years later that we patched things up thanks to Beyoncé…     How’s that? It’s quite a sweet anecdote and pays tribute to George: in 2009 I was in London for the opening of I Am… Beyoncé’s world tour, which I was the artistic director of. And just then I got a message from George, funny, adorable… “Hi Thierry, it’s George, the poor English queen manipulated by his managers in Los Angeles… But all that’s behind us now. You made the most beautiful video of my career… And my dream now is to appear on stage with Beyoncé tonight.” So, I called Beyoncé and said, “Okay Miss B, we’ll say yes to George on one condition: that he sings If I Were a Boy in a duet with you!” The poor guy was busted in public toilets in LA and had been forced to come out, so I thought that track was very appropriate. Beyoncé was like, “That’s fine, that’s fine.” And so, there was George on stage at the O2 Arena with her singing “If I Were a Boy”! It was a total triumph.   “I haven’t had any implants contrary to what you’re suggesting, but I have undergone facial reconstruction following a serious accident at the gym that completely smashed my face. If that hadn’t happened I would never have done anything with my face.”   Is Beyoncé genuinely nice or a total pain in the ass? She’s taught me a lot, I never saw anyone blessed with such powers of concentration. It’s extraordinary. She is an animal on stage, where she embodies this utterly instinctive beauty. During the tour, there were more than 500 people in her entourage who didn’t stop talking during rehearsals, but when there was even the slightest decision to make, she was able to shut out all the noise and focus like a tiger on a lamb.   Why have you rechristened yourself Manfred Thierry Mugler? I didn’t rechristen myself, Manfred is my real first name, the one that appears on my passport. For the fashion world I needed a name that was more synthetic, and for a French brand the name Manfred, with its Austro-German resonances, did quite hit the mark. So, I kept my real name tucked away all these years and started using it again recently for these new, more personal adventures that are more linked to my childhood.   Your change of name seems to be accompanied by a rather astonishing physical metamorphosis… What’s that all about? It’s not so much a transformation as an evolution, the search for a physique more in tune with my state of mind. One of the other reasons I left fashion was because I got so screwed up over twenty years of sleepless nights creating superheroes and superheroines. It reached a point where I was so pissed off with putting myself down to elevate others and I said to myself, “That’s enough bullshit, from now on I am going to take care of myself for a while and become what I was when I was a kid: strong and physical, a joker and a fighter.” Don’t forget that I was a dancer for 15 years, that I’ve done huge amounts of acrobatics, trapeze and kathakali – an Indian dance that’s a mix of martial arts, mime and singing – a sport that’s very complete, very violent, very telluric, very hard. The physical mutation was a sort of return to myself, a repairing and reconstruction too. Numéro Homme: Why made you decide to give up fashion in 2003? Manfred Thierry Mugler: Mainly because fashion was an incredible means of artistic expression in the 70s, 80s and 90s, but it wasn’t like that anymore in the 2000s when creation was completely stifled by marketing and business. Not to mention the most infernal pace and impossible deadlines to keep up with between the cruise collections, the pre-collections, the menswear and the womenswear, the ready-to-wear, the haute couture… You just have to look at all the designers who’ve either lost it or decided to quite while the going’s good. I have to say that I always saw fashion as a very useful and exciting vector for stage direction, but one that has limits. For 20 years my heart broke having to refuse video and performance projects because I simply didn’t have enough time. To shoot a video in Los Angeles for example, you had to be reactive within three weeks, and so I missed out on doing films for Cher – in her heyday -  Aretha Franklin, Bette Midler and so many others. Although as you must know I did find time to make Too Funky for George Michael…   … Yeah now we’re on this subject why exactly did you two fall out on that set? People have been asking the question for 20 years now.  It’s quite simple: George had promised me by email – the day before the shoot, that we were in complete agreement over the script, the story-board and the editing of the video. He said he didn’t want to be in it, unlike all his other videos. So far so good. The next morning, I arrived on set at the Boulogne Studios, where almost 500 people were waiting: one hell of a team, dancers from all over the world, from Japan and Australia, all the top models – Linda, Eva, Nadja, Tyra –, incredible people like Rossy de Palma and Julie Newmar – who played Catwoman in the first Batman – and the female impersonators Lypsinka and Joey Arias… Then George rocks up at 9am and says contrary to everything we’d agreed on, that he wanted shots of him in the video. I told him that was impossible, that the story-board was all sewn up, but I knew he took it badly. We carried on as originally planned for two days but on the last of the shoot he lost it and summoned the whole team to announce: “Mugler is fired. Now I’m the director.” There was a deathly silence on the set, no one moved. I didn’t know where to put myself. Then Julie Newmar spoke out and said indignantly, “I know all about your dealings in Los Angeles Mr Michael! Know that we’re all here for Mugler and not for you!” All the top models then chimed in saying they wouldn’t stay if I didn’t. So, George stalked out and locked himself in his dressing room, after his bodyguards had tried in vain to throw me out. Anyway, we finished the shoot without him, but he ended up adding shots of himself during the editing. In the credits at the end of the video, you’ll notice the words “directed by” are followed by a question mark, for the simple reason he was contractually obliged to acknowledge me as director. To be honest he completely butchered the video for Too Funky in the editing room, and we ended up with something insipid because his only goal was the promotion of his album. He most notably cut the gay and transgender scenes, which seemed a shame considering the royalties from the record went towards the fight against AIDS. It was only years later that we patched things up thanks to Beyoncé…     How’s that? It’s quite a sweet anecdote and pays tribute to George: in 2009 I was in London for the opening of I Am… Beyoncé’s world tour, which I was the artistic director of. And just then I got a message from George, funny, adorable… “Hi Thierry, it’s George, the poor English queen manipulated by his managers in Los Angeles… But all that’s behind us now. You made the most beautiful video of my career… And my dream now is to appear on stage with Beyoncé tonight.” So, I called Beyoncé and said, “Okay Miss B, we’ll say yes to George on one condition: that he sings If I Were a Boy in a duet with you!” The poor guy was busted in public toilets in LA and had been forced to come out, so I thought that track was very appropriate. Beyoncé was like, “That’s fine, that’s fine.” And so, there was George on stage at the O2 Arena with her singing “If I Were a Boy”! It was a total triumph.   “I haven’t had any implants contrary to what you’re suggesting, but I have undergone facial reconstruction following a serious accident at the gym that completely smashed my face. If that hadn’t happened I would never have done anything with my face.”   Is Beyoncé genuinely nice or a total pain in the ass? She’s taught me a lot, I never saw anyone blessed with such powers of concentration. It’s extraordinary. She is an animal on stage, where she embodies this utterly instinctive beauty. During the tour, there were more than 500 people in her entourage who didn’t stop talking during rehearsals, but when there was even the slightest decision to make, she was able to shut out all the noise and focus like a tiger on a lamb.   Why have you rechristened yourself Manfred Thierry Mugler? I didn’t rechristen myself, Manfred is my real first name, the one that appears on my passport. For the fashion world I needed a name that was more synthetic, and for a French brand the name Manfred, with its Austro-German resonances, did quite hit the mark. So, I kept my real name tucked away all these years and started using it again recently for these new, more personal adventures that are more linked to my childhood.   Your change of name seems to be accompanied by a rather astonishing physical metamorphosis… What’s that all about? It’s not so much a transformation as an evolution, the search for a physique more in tune with my state of mind. One of the other reasons I left fashion was because I got so screwed up over twenty years of sleepless nights creating superheroes and superheroines. It reached a point where I was so pissed off with putting myself down to elevate others and I said to myself, “That’s enough bullshit, from now on I am going to take care of myself for a while and become what I was when I was a kid: strong and physical, a joker and a fighter.” Don’t forget that I was a dancer for 15 years, that I’ve done huge amounts of acrobatics, trapeze and kathakali – an Indian dance that’s a mix of martial arts, mime and singing – a sport that’s very complete, very violent, very telluric, very hard. The physical mutation was a sort of return to myself, a repairing and reconstruction too. What is your aesthetic ideal? Who or what would you like to resemble? I’d like to look like a statue by Arno Breker, the Michelangelo of the 20th century and favourite sculptor of the 3rd Reich. It can’t be denied that our dear daddy Adolf [Hitler] – I’m only joking when I say that, promise – knew how to surround himself with the very best, whether it was in the fields of architecture, graphics, photography or sculpture.   What were the different stages involved in this extreme ‘relooking’? Diet, sport, implants, facelifts,   The first step was awareness, humility. In life you have to know what you want, where you want to go, and what you want to become. In our era, with the help of good technicians, good doctors, and good professionals, you can do what you want with your body. So, I armed myself with an iron will and a slew of nutritionists, therapists, coaches… And an army of plastic surgeons, if I’m not mistaken. I haven’t had any implants though contrary to what you’re suggesting, but I did undergo facial reconstruction following a serious accident at the gym that completely smashed my face. If that hadn’t happened I would never have touched my face, but seeing as he had to complete rebuild my chin, I said to myself, “Why not take advantage of this to sort things out a bit?”   You often refer to your childhood, do you talk about it with your shrink? There is nothing more beautiful, or harder to find than your childhood soul. Especially in this era.   Have the royalties from Angel made you a multi-millionaire? You can’t be a multi-millionaire in France (laughs). And that’s my answer.   “Monsieur Arnault did approach me for Dior, just before the job went to Gianfranco Ferré.”   What are the advantages and disadvantages of being rich and famous? The advantages are that there’s always a table for you in a restaurant, and you can turn up bare chested at the hotel at 3am, when its minus 15 degrees. The disadvantages are that when you’re chilling in a night club there’ll always be someone to throw themselves on the floor and lick your boots.     I don’t see a problem with that?   Believe me, it’s boring.   In 2007 a photo got leaked on the internet showing you in your birthday suit… Yes…   Where the hell did that photo come from? I never found out.   How did the AIDS years change you? I was in a relationship when the scourge hit the gay community. I was very committed, which meant I slipped through all the nets. Others weren’t so lucky. I witnessed the most shocking scenes. I really did see innocent angles fly away, aged 20, 21. I remember for example the extraordinary illustrator Antonio Lopez who came to my birthday in New York even though he was incredibly ill - it was the last time he ever went out. What was most disturbing was the terrifying beauty of these boys who were all emaciated by illness and pain. It was abominable, a hecatomb.   Which designers interest you today? Apart from Iris van Herpen, I can’t think of anyone else.   Legend has it that Bernard Arnault offered you the post of artistic director at Dior. Is that true? Monsieur Arnault did approach me for Dior, just before the job went to Gianfranco Ferré. I met him several times to discuss it, very clandestinely, before he realised that perhaps I had too much personality for the job.   You only occasionally give interviews… Why such reticence in the face of the press? I had a hard time when I was doing fashion. The journalists didn’t understand my collections at all, they judged them from idiotic point of views, with stupid questions about the season’s inspiration. It was a pain.   Why do you think that some critics saw the hyper-femininity of your creations as degrading to the image of women? When it was the complete opposite! You know sometimes it’s better not to try and understand human bullshit. It’s like when I had black beauties walk the runway at the Palais de la Porte Dorée in a tribute to Africa, and I was accused of racism. As you can imagine I was absolutely gobsmacked.  I don’t know if the curator Eva Birkenstock belongs to the family that makes German orthopaedic sandals, but she’s now the new director of the Düsseldorf Kunstverein. As for the shoe brand, it’s just lost the case it brought against artist Ida Ekblad and the Hamburg Kunsthaus for using an advertising image that featured the CEO’s six-year-old daughter. The Reichert family, owners of Birkenstock, insist that it’s less about copyright than the personal rights of the child. But the court threw out their argument, ruling that if they used the image for an advert they couldn’t have been that bothered about the child’s personal image rights in the first place.   A painting by Gerhard Richter entitled Düsenjäger [fighter plane] was the big fish in last November’s Phillips auction, going for $25 million to Chinese businessman and collector Zhang Chang. Unfortunately Chang still hasn’t coughed up for it. But Phillips had a guarantee in the form of a Francis Bacon which the collector left as security in case of non-payment. As it turns out, he hadn’t paid for the Bacon either. According to a report written by Dr. Clare McAndrew for Art Basel and UBS, between May 2015 and May 2016 41% of lots sold in Chinese auctions were never paid for.   In mid July, Robert Wilson’s Watermill Center put on its annual gala in the Hamptons, where the New York art world likes to get away from the city heat. This year Isabelle and Laurie Anderson were the guests of honour. In August, Aspen, Colorado – A merica’s up-market ski resort – played host to the ArtCrush gala, an annual event which raises funds for the Aspen contemporary-art museum, built by the architect Shigeru Ban. The collector Amy Phelan oversees the event and holds wine tastings in her house – WineCrush – that absolutely no one misses. Lawrence Weiner was this year’s star artist, and the event brought in $2.8 million.   But that’s nothing compared to the $45 million raised by Leonardo DiCaprio last year at the annual gala he organizes in Saint-Tropez for the future of our planet. At the time of writing, the amount brought in by this year’s bash isn’t yet known because internet bidding is still going on. Up for grabs were works by Jim Shaw, Lynda Benglis, Sterling Ruby, and Richard Prince, as well as a portrait of DiCaprio by Julian Schnabel, which Leo himself successfully bid on for a final hammer price of several hundred-thousand dollars.   In Paris this September a weeklong programme of events, We Dream Under The Same Sky, is taking place at the Palais de Tokyo, followed by a Christie’s auction at the Alaïa gallery to raise money for charities that look after refugees arriving in France. The project was the brainchild of Julie Boukobza, Blanche de Lestrange and the Galerie Chantal Crousel (http:// wedreamunderthesamesky.com/fr). Hans Ulrich Obrist: When we last met, I mentioned to you the writings of Édouard Glissant and his idea of mondialité, which he developed in his book Traité du Tout-monde. For him it was about re-establishing a dialogue at a local level, and showing all the diversity that exists in the world – which is to say the antithesis of homegenization that's brought about by globalization. It’s an idea that seemed interesting to me in the context of thinking about fashion. Grace Wales Bonner : I’ve been reading the book you gave me by Glissant about mondialité, looking at Modernism in the Caribbean and thinking about how that transcribes to an aesthetic. That’s kind of where I’m at with my research. Also I think that travelling is very important for conceptual research. My way of working consists in large part of mixing with “real” people and engaging with them locally, and seeking inspiration in them. I often think about what I’m doing as a conversation with people – I work through conversations and collaborations, which allow me to have all sorts of different perspectives.    That’s a very interesting answer because Glissant said he looked at the islands of the archipelago – he was from Martinique – and said that it’s not because we’re in dialogue with other islands that we lose our identity; on the contrary, the identity becomes richer, more diverse, more hybrid. And to me this is why your multiple collaborations are so interesting. Since we first met a couple of years ago, your collaborations with music have become more and more intense. Could you tell us a little bit about your work with Blood Orange’s Dev Hynes? I guess I’ve always been very interested in Dev’s work because it’s so multi-faceted: personal film, choreography, composition, performance, etc. He’s very bold in terms of his output, and that’s exciting. We worked together on a film about a very young dancer I discovered in Johannesburg, a 17-year-old called Leroy Mokgatle. The film is based on footage we shot while we were out there, but also on research into the different forms of music and sound in South Africa. The way Dev’s music formed the film was really quite organic. The project was also a collaboration with photographer Harley Weir, who I’ve been working with since 2013. Harley and I first teamed up together in Dakar in 2014, and we also did a documentary in Senegal with local wrestlers and all sorts of different types of dance. We’ve developed a way of working where we reconsider some of the ideas that come up for a collection through photographs or through film.   You also produce zines which reproduce the research you carry out for a particular collection in the form of images, texts and collages. One of the more recent ones you did was with the singer Sampha, from Sierra Leone, who also authored the soundtrack to your autumn/winter-2017 runway show. Yes, I’ve been working with him for the last year on a zine and on the visuals to go with his album Process. For my collection it was really interesting to work with someone who has a body of work that already exists, and to think about how to represent that musical oeuvre visually. The zine was a partition of different works. We collaborated with twins from the French Caribbean called D u r i m e l , w h o p h o to g r a p h e d Freetown and Sampha’s family and documented his story there. I also worked with Sampha’s personal photographs and collages, so it was a mixture of abstracting lyrics, partitioned work and collage. Given what’s happening right now in Sierra Leone it feels important to have this really beautiful document of our time there, and I’m hoping we can do something with it to help support relief efforts with regard to the tragedy happening in the country at the moment.   Can you tell me a little bit about your autumn/winter-2017 show? It was very much informed by black literature. I started by looking at an anthology of black writing that I used essentially as a bibliography. I also came across an essay written by Hilton Als about his exhibition James Baldwin/Jim Brown and the Children – the photographs that accompanied the essay really informed my thinking. I guess the collection was about minimalism and exploring sexuality in quite a direct way, at any rate much more so than I’ve ever done in the past.   And what about the influence of Baldwin himself? When we had lunch the other day you were talking about how his celebrated novel Giovanni’s Room had inspired you. It feels quite natural to be inspired by literature. There’s an idea of characters that I can get quite strongly through novels, and with Giovanni’s Room there’s a very specific idea of Paris and Parisians that emerges. For me it’s all about the atmosphere, as well as building a sense of character.   I also read that Gary Fisher was a reference for this collection. How did his notebooks, which were published after his death from AIDS-related illnesses in 1994, influence the clothes? The notion I got from the notebooks is that he was leading this kind of double life, having an interior and exterior life, and that helped me with the essence of the characters I was trying to present. There’s a progression in the show where the characters start off in new work-like wear, and then it transitions into the night, and they’re wearing early-hours kind of nightlife clothes, and suddenly there’s a different type of sexuality. I was trying to represent that tension in the way the show progressed through a transformation.   “There are no rules about how you represent yourself. My work is an attempt to show a spectrum of myself rather than a certain way of behaving or looking.”   You’ve been quoted with respect to that show as saying “I had some pressure with this collection to prove my blackness.” What did you mean by that? I feel that quote might have been taken slightly out of context. I was talking about my experience as a teenager when I felt a certain amount of pressure to be a certain way. Getting older, the more research I’ve done the more I’ve seen examples of different ways of being. There are no rules about how you represent yourself. My work is more an attempt to show a spectrum of myself rather than a certain way of behaving or looking, and I think that was more what I was trying to say.   In the show before that one, you got the artist and author Lynette Yiadom-Boakye involved, and she ended up writing a shor t story specially for it.  With that show, which was spiritual, I had in mind this idea of a strange preacher. I reached out to Lynette to start a conversation and she responded to the visual research I gave her. I partly had in mind the novel Invisible Man, by Ralph Ellison, where at one point the main character finds boys on the street and starts recruiting them for a movement called the Brotherhood. It’s a turning point in the book. I was talking to Lynette about that moment, and how you can use the street to transcribe a vision and a transformation, and also about carnivals and how the sounds transform the environment. Her work really echoed on that character and really helped me push the show further.   You talk a lot about music, and you’re passionate about art, literature and all these different things, but are there any fashion figures to whom you feel a certain proximity? I feel like London’s a really exciting place to be at the moment, there’s so much interesting work going on. The stuff that Craig Green is doing, for example, is incredible. I also really love the work of Shayne Oliver at Hood by Air. I just met him!   What do you like about him?  The energy! Their shows are an amazing form of experience, they’re very powerful and original, and they’re also a very authentic group of people. I really admire the way they work and how they’ve done things on their own terms. Having some time off to be with Shayne and Craig – I’m sure that would be absolutely amazing.   Do you have any other heroes and heroines in fashion? Miuccia Prada, for her very intelligent and political designs and her reflection on society. I think she has a very wistful, clever way of working. And I love Phoebe Philo too!   What about your next show – do you already have a theme?  I’m thinking about the Caribbean, a place that mixes so many influences from a multitude of different angles. My father’s from Jamaica, so that’s basically where my research is going at the moment. A non-conformist look   You might have trouble remembering her name, but you’re not likely to forget her face. Shaved head, caramel complexion, freckles, a tomboy allure, Adwoa Aboah has fascinated everyone since her explosion on the scene in 2016. Her face has seduced not only fashion magazines but also big brands who can’t get enough of her including Dior, Chanel, Calvin Klein, Burberry, Marc Jacobs, Fenty, Coach, Versace, Fendi and H&M. Bang on trend, Adwoa has a quasi-punk androgyny that means everything she wears looks instantly cool. With her onboard, adverts this winter are rendered beautifully diverse. Plus her unisex and street style wardrobe off the catwalk have make her Instagram account one of the most inspiring around. That’s also probably why Dazed and Confused put on her on their cover accompanied by the title “The Real Thing”. Adwoa’s cool doesn’t lie.   A chaotic life   With the recession, lots of millennials are struggling to find a job, but even more are struggling to find their place. Born on May 18th1992 in London, the little girl with Ghanaian origins, symbolises the path of so many boys and girls from her generation. The daughter of a very successful photo agent and the founder of a company that location scouts for luxury brands, Adwoa had everything in place to start young. But instead age 13 she decided to go to boarding school far from the capital. Different from the others with her gingerbread skin and untamed hair, the teenager had a hard time. In the series of videos, The What’s Underneath Project she explains how she just wanted to look like all the other girls in her school and appeal to the boys by being: “blond, white with blue eyes…” Aged 14 she isolated herself with only alcohol and ketamine as companions. Bi-polar problems didn’t help the situation.   A model of resilience   But Adwoa is a fighter. Just like when she decided to quit London as a teenager, she checked herself into rehab in the silence of the Arizona desert. But even being signed by Storm modelling agency at the age of 18 wasn’t enough to stop a suicide attempt which led to a coma when she was 23. A Christmas miracle happened a year later, when after her release from a mental hospital, the young woman, exalted by a new-found lust for life decided to move forward without needing the approval of others. Her therapy? Helping other girls and establishing Gurls Talk in 2016, a movement that invites them to freely evoke their demons. Then came a series of documentaries dealing with feminism, periods, equality, gender, mental illness, different sexualities…  Her ultimate message? Don’t try to get accepted by society, start by accepting yourself. Numéro: You’re now going solo after having been part of a duo, with Maria Grazia Chiuri, for over 20 years. How does this change your work?  Pierpaolo Piccioli: Everything becomes more intuitive, more emotional. When you work with another person, you talk, you have to reach a consensus, so everything is more thoughtful in a way. When I work alone, everything is more direct. I’ve come to realize that I start every collection with a personal reflection about the times in which we live, instead of an inspiration. So for the last couture collection I was thinking about how nowadays everything is so digital and technological. I wanted to get beyond that, to find something spiritual, something sacred. I always have in my mind both the beginning and the final picture. So I have to work towards that picture.   A lot of novelists work that way.  Yes – you have the first page and the last page, and then you have to write all the lines in between, keeping coherence throughout.   Are you very influenced by what you read and see around you? Yes, everything can be inspiring, but I don’t like to be inspired by surfaces: it’s more about the feeling I get from something, the reflexion it triggers inside me. I don’t like to translate anything literally. And sometimes the further it is from your world, the more interesting it is. You have to digest it and redeliver it as something different. For example, for my last menswear collection I looked to the Memphis group, which is not a reference I particularly liked to begin with. What I appreciate about this moment in Italian culture is that it’s when Italy started to work with people from other parts of the world – from Africa or Brazil. It’s an expression of tolerance. I learned a lot about what Memphis did, and also about how they did it, how they got to that point.    I read that another inspiration was Jungian psychology. I’d just read a book by Jung, and I was very interested in this idea that when you’re born you’re not aware of yourself, you’re part of a group, your family. Then when you grow up you build self-awareness, and afterwards you reintegrate into the group, but with your own vision and identity. It made me think of the importance of social media today: how do you build this identity when the group you’re part of is the huge mass of internet users? And so I started thinking about intimacy and collectiveness. I ended up with this tech-savvy sportswear that was laced with the memories of different ethnicities. It wasn’t that I wanted to talk about African or Indian folks, the idea was simply to say that each one of us has his or her own memory. And it’s interesting when you get all the memories together and they live together in one world, with no division or barriers. I don’t like barriers, either physical or mental.   “I believe that fashion can say something. It’s not about intellectualism, it’s about delivering something that you believe in, and not only clothes. Because people don’t need clothes actually. So unless something touches you in terms of emotions or feelings, you don’t need a new T-shirt. There’s something Diana Vreeland said that I really like: ‘Don’t give them what they want, let them want what you give them.’ You don’t have to give answers, and sometimes you can give questions. I like the idea of people watching the show and thinking, ‘I didn’t know it, but this is what I really want.’”    Despite your success, you’ve maintained a low-key lifestyle: you work in Rome, where you studied, and you live in Nettuno, a small seaside town 60 kilometres away, where you were born. Is it important for you to inject a little bit of soul into the globalized world of fashion? Definitely. It’s good for me to be the creative director of a huge company but to retain a personal, sometimes even intimate, approach. I think that people make all the difference. The system is made by people, even in a huge company. If you don’t have that, things become too big and generic. The digital world and social networks are a huge opportunity to put forward your own authenticity. Whether you work in Rome or Paris should make a difference. I started to love Instagram when I saw the photoblog Humans of New York: it’s a place where you can tell personal stories, an opportunity to feel the intimacy and share the emotions behind something that is huge and global. Living in Nettuno gives me both strength and balance. I think it’s important not to forget your own identity. I don’t live in a castle, but I’m here because of who I am. And I want to stay the same. I don’t want to change, otherwise I feel I wouldn’t be authentic   Valentino Garavani, the founder of the brand, has lived a very jetset life. Was there ever a time when you felt you ought to conform to that model? Mr. Valentino’s lifestyle is authentically him. When I was young, I asked myself if I had to be very jet-set and glam in order to be a creative director, because of course there are clichés about this. But I understood fairly early on that it was possible to keep my identity. It was impossible for me to become someone I’m not, so I understood that I had to put my own identity into the work. I’m a creative director who lives in Nettuno, away from the big city. I don’t usually go to parties, I’m not a socialite – although if I want to go I do. My freedom is very important to me. I also believe that fashion can say something. It’s not about intellectualism, it’s about delivering something that you believe in, and not only clothes. Because people don’t need clothes actually. So unless something touches you in terms of emotions or feelings, you don’t need a new T-shirt. There’s something Diana Vreeland said that I really like: “Don’t give them what they want, let them want what you give them.” You don’t have to give answers, and sometimes you can give questions. I like the idea of people watching the show and thinking, “I didn’t know it, but this is what I really want.” It’s about connecting with the Zeitgeist. Numéro: You’re now going solo after having been part of a duo, with Maria Grazia Chiuri, for over 20 years. How does this change your work?  Pierpaolo Piccioli: Everything becomes more intuitive, more emotional. When you work with another person, you talk, you have to reach a consensus, so everything is more thoughtful in a way. When I work alone, everything is more direct. I’ve come to realize that I start every collection with a personal reflection about the times in which we live, instead of an inspiration. So for the last couture collection I was thinking about how nowadays everything is so digital and technological. I wanted to get beyond that, to find something spiritual, something sacred. I always have in my mind both the beginning and the final picture. So I have to work towards that picture.   A lot of novelists work that way.  Yes – you have the first page and the last page, and then you have to write all the lines in between, keeping coherence throughout.   Are you very influenced by what you read and see around you? Yes, everything can be inspiring, but I don’t like to be inspired by surfaces: it’s more about the feeling I get from something, the reflexion it triggers inside me. I don’t like to translate anything literally. And sometimes the further it is from your world, the more interesting it is. You have to digest it and redeliver it as something different. For example, for my last menswear collection I looked to the Memphis group, which is not a reference I particularly liked to begin with. What I appreciate about this moment in Italian culture is that it’s when Italy started to work with people from other parts of the world – from Africa or Brazil. It’s an expression of tolerance. I learned a lot about what Memphis did, and also about how they did it, how they got to that point.    I read that another inspiration was Jungian psychology. I’d just read a book by Jung, and I was very interested in this idea that when you’re born you’re not aware of yourself, you’re part of a group, your family. Then when you grow up you build self-awareness, and afterwards you reintegrate into the group, but with your own vision and identity. It made me think of the importance of social media today: how do you build this identity when the group you’re part of is the huge mass of internet users? And so I started thinking about intimacy and collectiveness. I ended up with this tech-savvy sportswear that was laced with the memories of different ethnicities. It wasn’t that I wanted to talk about African or Indian folks, the idea was simply to say that each one of us has his or her own memory. And it’s interesting when you get all the memories together and they live together in one world, with no division or barriers. I don’t like barriers, either physical or mental.   “I believe that fashion can say something. It’s not about intellectualism, it’s about delivering something that you believe in, and not only clothes. Because people don’t need clothes actually. So unless something touches you in terms of emotions or feelings, you don’t need a new T-shirt. There’s something Diana Vreeland said that I really like: ‘Don’t give them what they want, let them want what you give them.’ You don’t have to give answers, and sometimes you can give questions. I like the idea of people watching the show and thinking, ‘I didn’t know it, but this is what I really want.’”    Despite your success, you’ve maintained a low-key lifestyle: you work in Rome, where you studied, and you live in Nettuno, a small seaside town 60 kilometres away, where you were born. Is it important for you to inject a little bit of soul into the globalized world of fashion? Definitely. It’s good for me to be the creative director of a huge company but to retain a personal, sometimes even intimate, approach. I think that people make all the difference. The system is made by people, even in a huge company. If you don’t have that, things become too big and generic. The digital world and social networks are a huge opportunity to put forward your own authenticity. Whether you work in Rome or Paris should make a difference. I started to love Instagram when I saw the photoblog Humans of New York: it’s a place where you can tell personal stories, an opportunity to feel the intimacy and share the emotions behind something that is huge and global. Living in Nettuno gives me both strength and balance. I think it’s important not to forget your own identity. I don’t live in a castle, but I’m here because of who I am. And I want to stay the same. I don’t want to change, otherwise I feel I wouldn’t be authentic   Valentino Garavani, the founder of the brand, has lived a very jetset life. Was there ever a time when you felt you ought to conform to that model? Mr. Valentino’s lifestyle is authentically him. When I was young, I asked myself if I had to be very jet-set and glam in order to be a creative director, because of course there are clichés about this. But I understood fairly early on that it was possible to keep my identity. It was impossible for me to become someone I’m not, so I understood that I had to put my own identity into the work. I’m a creative director who lives in Nettuno, away from the big city. I don’t usually go to parties, I’m not a socialite – although if I want to go I do. My freedom is very important to me. I also believe that fashion can say something. It’s not about intellectualism, it’s about delivering something that you believe in, and not only clothes. Because people don’t need clothes actually. So unless something touches you in terms of emotions or feelings, you don’t need a new T-shirt. There’s something Diana Vreeland said that I really like: “Don’t give them what they want, let them want what you give them.” You don’t have to give answers, and sometimes you can give questions. I like the idea of people watching the show and thinking, “I didn’t know it, but this is what I really want.” It’s about connecting with the Zeitgeist. Do you think that, despite its histor ic traditions, c outure c a n express the Zeitgeist? I think that what you don’t see is what makes couture very special. Rituals are part of the couture process. I like couture as a culture, not just as clothes. I like the people that are behind couture, the care they take in every creation, the love, even the poetry of spending months working on the same garment. You feel it when you see the inside of the clothes. I wanted to give value to this whole process while doing couture for modern times. Fifty years ago a woman who bought couture would buy only that. Now the client who buys couture also buys ready-towear. So I felt I needed to give them separates – it’s not about a suit anymore. Instead it’s about building the outfit layer by layer. Putting a trench coat on a dress that was made by a different department is totally outside of couture rules – it was hard to talk to the atelier about this idea of separates, it’s very different from what they usually do. But once I’d explained it, they were really happy to do it. Sometimes I asked them to use a sewing machine for a trench coat, because if you sew it by hand you lose the authenticity of what a trench coat is. There are young people working in the atelier, so I really want to push towards the future. What makes it couture is how the pieces are made, the tradition – you can have trousers or a T-shirt made the couture way. It’s an experience, and you know why you paid more, because it’s made to measure, even if other people don’t necessarily know that it’s couture.    What made you want to become a fashion designer? I had the feeling that with fashion you can tell stories. Before fashion I was fascinated by cinema. I didn’t really make a decision, everything happened later, I felt passionate enough to work in fashion. I still feel very lucky to do a job that I’m passionate about. I don’t feel the pressure of the job, more the freedom to do something that comes directly from me.   No pressure? Yet you constantly have to come up not only with couture designs, but also with men’s and women’s ready-towear, accessories…  I like the idea of working with all these layers. Valentino is a beautiful house, which is quite capable of being contemporary and cool. I like doing couture as much as I like working on our advertising campaign for the Rockstud Spike bag, for which Terry Richardson and I stop people on the street and film them carrying the bag with their own clothes, just as they are. It started with the idea that bags often are status symbols, and they tend to overshadow the person who carries them. The campaign with Terry shows how a bag can be adapted to different looks. I really like the tension between high and low, street and couture – I think that that’s modern life.   People talk a lot about inclusivity these days, whereas traditionally couture was always about exclusivity. Would you say inclusivity is important to you? Yes, I think inclusivity is very important. We can stress the same idea in dif ferent ways, between men, women, couture. For women I was thinking about what you might term narrative blocks: the romantic side, the ethnic, sports, hip-hop. Hip-hop is actually a good image of my process, since it started by playing samples from other music in order to create its own sound. I think it encapsulates this idea of inclusiveness: being together, including every culture, every people. It’s like an invitation to progress in your thinking – even if you know something, it can be good to change your mind and look at things differently. Between baroque painting and riotous mosh pits, the Dior Homme winter 2017-18 collection has gone underground. Artistic director Kris Van Assche has collaborated with Dan Witz, the street artist with an ultra-realistic style. The Chicago born artist is well known for his series of oil paintings entitled Mosh Pit, that are similar to the work of French painter Guillaume Bresson. The street artist’s work draws inspiration from scenes by Poussin and Caravaggio which he imbues with a rock and hip-hop culture, the anarchy of concert halls is transformed into scenes of jubilation with chaotic choreography bordering on orgiastic. A raw energy has inspired this collection with its hardior spirit. Visuals sprawl over suits, jackets, trousers, coats, capes as well as accessories like the backpacks, sneakers and even skateboards.     Luxury conglomerates in the fashion sector are pushing ever further into contemporary art. After the now very established Fondation Louis Vuitton, the (future) Pinault Museum in Paris and the Fondazione Prada (w h o s e s h ow s a t t h e Ve n i c e Biennale, as well as their Francesco Vezzoli exhibition in Milan, were much commented on), it’s the turn of jeans label Guess to open a museum in Los Angeles. The Marciano brothers, Maurice and Paul, are a classic success story. In the early 80s, they left Marseille for Los Angeles where they founded a small denim company which would go on to become one of the world’s best-known brands thanks to ad campaigns featuring top models such as Claudia Schiffer, Carla Bruni or Laetitia Casta. Comprising over 1,500 works, most dating from the 1990s, the collection is displayed in a former masonic temple in L.A., where, on opening night, one could rub shoulders with Sharon Stone on the arm of artist Alex Israel.   Everyone has read about it: a Basquiat canvas just broke the $100 million barrier at auction, making the late artist a record holder. The buyer was Japanese collector Yusaku Maezawa, who made his fortune through the online shopping platform Zozotown, which is valued at several billion on the stock market. The painting will be displayed in the future museum that the young (41) businessman is currently building in Chiba Prefecture.   In Athens, during Manifesta 14, an LGBTQI refugee-rights group stole a sculpture and has no intention of giving it back. The work in question was by Spanish artist Roger Bernat and consisted in a replica of a stone that was supposedly present at the trial of Socrates in 399 BCE. Refugees were paid to transport the replica to different spots in Athens, and after that it was meant to go by plane to Kassel for the opening of the second round of Manifesta. The activist group has simply purloined it, saying that the millions of refugees who came to Greece to find a better life were not there to be “bought” or “fetishized.”   Minorities have suffered too long and will stand no more. At the Walker Art Center in Minneapolis, Sam Durant just found this out to his cost. His sculpture Scaffold, which was to have been installed in the museum’s new sculpture garden, will now be destroyed. A large-scale work, it bristles with gallows in reference to the hangings carried out by whites, among them the execution of 38 members of the Dakota tribe in 1862. But their descendants have vociferously opposed any reappropriation by a white a man of these racist murders for “artistic” ends. And this time they won the battle. NUMÉRO: What’s the overall aim of this exhibition? Olivier Gabet: In the same way that great painters get a show every 30 years or so, it seemed to me that a couturier as influential as Christian Dior should be celebrated just as regularly through a retrospective in a Parisian institution. The last one was in 1987, and also marked an anniversary for the fashion house. This time, it seemed natural to Florence and me to organize an exhaustive retrospective, because fashion is moving faster than ever, and young generations don’t necessarily know about the history of Dior. Aficionados might discover things they didn’t know too, because the exhibition covers a ver y long timeframe: the ten years of Christian Dior’s directorship, as well as the 60 years that followed. Florence Müller: The last retrospective, which was also held at the Musée des Arts décoratifs, only covered the first ten years. This isn’t the first exhibition to showcase the artistic directors who followed in Dior’s footsteps, but it’s the first time that space has been given to each and every one of them. The originality of this show is that it’s organized both thematically and chronologically. We wanted to show how this fashion house has been embodied over the decades, and how it reacted to the Zeitgeist in different ways, particularly through the choice of artistic directors who were very emblematic of each period in time.    How did you put into perspective the brand’s contribution to the history of fashion? O.G.: We wanted it to be a popular exhibition in the positive sense of the term, so that as many visitors as possible would understand why a brand like Dior is so important. While the Bar jacket might seem very classic to a novice, the fact of showing it in its original context brings out all the iconic strength and inspiration of a model that crystallized a period of searching in the world of fashion. F.M.: We show its resonance in the world of the 1940s and 50s. Its lasting impact is attested to by the number of designers who have been inspired by Dior over the years, which proves that the brand belongs to the history of haute couture. We asked a number of designers to show models inspired by the Bar jacket, and we had some very enthusiastic responses. From the Balenciagas, Lanvins and Balmains who echoed him in his era, to contemporary models by Dries Van Noten, Thom Browne or Comme des Garçons, there are no less than 25 fashion houses or couturiers who are represented.   It was this ide a of sculpting clothes that was new at the time? F.M.: Absolutely, it was one of Dior’s key ideas: starting from the female body and embellishing its natural architecture through the cut and choice of fabrics. O.G.: The silhouette of the New Look has a certain resonance with creations in other disciplines. The modernity of line in Dior’s clothing recalls Jean Prouvé’s furniture, for example. It was part of a whole aesthetic moment.   How, in just ten years , did Christian Dior manage to construct a brand that would survive him? F.M.: He managed such a feat because he believed in the idea of a total art. Right from the start, he designed his couture house from a global perspective, from the décor of the salons to the packaging, from the clothes to the make-up and other accessories. He’s the only couturier who launched a perfume right at the start when he founded his brand. It was a colossal enterprise, and he turned to his friend Serge HeftlerLouiche, ex-director of Coty, to help him out. O.G.: Dior was the perfect incarnation of a couturier who went beyond the usual boundaries of his profession. He loved French and Italian opera, which isn’t without significance in his manner of imagining a total art. In that respect he’s a child of the 19th century. He was fascinated by Art Nouveau, which was one of the last attempts in Europe to create a total art merging urbanism, architecture, textiles and furniture. F.M.: Very early on he also launched a line of lingerie, which is very important if you’re seeking to reshape the female silhouette. He also designed shoes and jewellery, which he had made by the best firms in Europe. It was the first time that anyone constructed a worldwide network of licensing based out of Paris.   His intuition also led him very early on to think about his image, particularly with respect to dressing Hollywood stars.  F.M.: Absolutely. He soon put together a press team who managed his image. When his H line caused a scandal, because it was thought it might flatten the curves of Hollywood stars, Dior called a press conference and made use of Jane Russell’s presence in Paris to demonstrate exactly the contrary   NUMÉRO: What’s the overall aim of this exhibition? Olivier Gabet: In the same way that great painters get a show every 30 years or so, it seemed to me that a couturier as influential as Christian Dior should be celebrated just as regularly through a retrospective in a Parisian institution. The last one was in 1987, and also marked an anniversary for the fashion house. This time, it seemed natural to Florence and me to organize an exhaustive retrospective, because fashion is moving faster than ever, and young generations don’t necessarily know about the history of Dior. Aficionados might discover things they didn’t know too, because the exhibition covers a ver y long timeframe: the ten years of Christian Dior’s directorship, as well as the 60 years that followed. Florence Müller: The last retrospective, which was also held at the Musée des Arts décoratifs, only covered the first ten years. This isn’t the first exhibition to showcase the artistic directors who followed in Dior’s footsteps, but it’s the first time that space has been given to each and every one of them. The originality of this show is that it’s organized both thematically and chronologically. We wanted to show how this fashion house has been embodied over the decades, and how it reacted to the Zeitgeist in different ways, particularly through the choice of artistic directors who were very emblematic of each period in time.    How did you put into perspective the brand’s contribution to the history of fashion? O.G.: We wanted it to be a popular exhibition in the positive sense of the term, so that as many visitors as possible would understand why a brand like Dior is so important. While the Bar jacket might seem very classic to a novice, the fact of showing it in its original context brings out all the iconic strength and inspiration of a model that crystallized a period of searching in the world of fashion. F.M.: We show its resonance in the world of the 1940s and 50s. Its lasting impact is attested to by the number of designers who have been inspired by Dior over the years, which proves that the brand belongs to the history of haute couture. We asked a number of designers to show models inspired by the Bar jacket, and we had some very enthusiastic responses. From the Balenciagas, Lanvins and Balmains who echoed him in his era, to contemporary models by Dries Van Noten, Thom Browne or Comme des Garçons, there are no less than 25 fashion houses or couturiers who are represented.   It was this ide a of sculpting clothes that was new at the time? F.M.: Absolutely, it was one of Dior’s key ideas: starting from the female body and embellishing its natural architecture through the cut and choice of fabrics. O.G.: The silhouette of the New Look has a certain resonance with creations in other disciplines. The modernity of line in Dior’s clothing recalls Jean Prouvé’s furniture, for example. It was part of a whole aesthetic moment.   How, in just ten years , did Christian Dior manage to construct a brand that would survive him? F.M.: He managed such a feat because he believed in the idea of a total art. Right from the start, he designed his couture house from a global perspective, from the décor of the salons to the packaging, from the clothes to the make-up and other accessories. He’s the only couturier who launched a perfume right at the start when he founded his brand. It was a colossal enterprise, and he turned to his friend Serge HeftlerLouiche, ex-director of Coty, to help him out. O.G.: Dior was the perfect incarnation of a couturier who went beyond the usual boundaries of his profession. He loved French and Italian opera, which isn’t without significance in his manner of imagining a total art. In that respect he’s a child of the 19th century. He was fascinated by Art Nouveau, which was one of the last attempts in Europe to create a total art merging urbanism, architecture, textiles and furniture. F.M.: Very early on he also launched a line of lingerie, which is very important if you’re seeking to reshape the female silhouette. He also designed shoes and jewellery, which he had made by the best firms in Europe. It was the first time that anyone constructed a worldwide network of licensing based out of Paris.   His intuition also led him very early on to think about his image, particularly with respect to dressing Hollywood stars.  F.M.: Absolutely. He soon put together a press team who managed his image. When his H line caused a scandal, because it was thought it might flatten the curves of Hollywood stars, Dior called a press conference and made use of Jane Russell’s presence in Paris to demonstrate exactly the contrary   He’s often perceived as being rather bourgeois, which somehow doesn’t sit with the art galleries he ran before founding his fashion brand. O.G.: Dior was passionate about the cultural life of his times. There’s probably not a première or a major exhibition that he didn’t see in Paris William Klein back then. F.M.: The Vicomte de Noailles came regularly to his gallery. He bought works from him by artists who were still unknown at the time, particularly a Giacometti which he placed in his villa in Hyères. O.G.: In fact his bourgeois airs made him credible in the eyes of collectors, because at the time a lot of gallerists had a reputation for being a little dodgy. F.M.: At the time, running an art gallery was considered rather infra dig for a bourgeois family, a mercantile activity like any other. Dior’s father lent him money on the proviso that he didn’t call the gallery “Dior.” Later in his career Dior supported avantgarde artists who were reviled by the bourgeoisie. When Dalí became famous after making the hugely scandalous Un chien andalou with Luis Buñuel, he signed a contract for several exhibitions in Dior’s gallery. In his memoirs, Dior recalls arguments with his father which would often end up with him calling him a “damn bourgeois.” NUMÉRO: What’s the overall aim of this exhibition? Olivier Gabet: In the same way that great painters get a show every 30 years or so, it seemed to me that a couturier as influential as Christian Dior should be celebrated just as regularly through a retrospective in a Parisian institution. The last one was in 1987, and also marked an anniversary for the fashion house. This time, it seemed natural to Florence and me to organize an exhaustive retrospective, because fashion is moving faster than ever, and young generations don’t necessarily know about the history of Dior. Aficionados might discover things they didn’t know too, because the exhibition covers a ver y long timeframe: the ten years of Christian Dior’s directorship, as well as the 60 years that followed. Florence Müller: The last retrospective, which was also held at the Musée des Arts décoratifs, only covered the first ten years. This isn’t the first exhibition to showcase the artistic directors who followed in Dior’s footsteps, but it’s the first time that space has been given to each and every one of them. The originality of this show is that it’s organized both thematically and chronologically. We wanted to show how this fashion house has been embodied over the decades, and how it reacted to the Zeitgeist in different ways, particularly through the choice of artistic directors who were very emblematic of each period in time.    How did you put into perspective the brand’s contribution to the history of fashion? O.G.: We wanted it to be a popular exhibition in the positive sense of the term, so that as many visitors as possible would understand why a brand like Dior is so important. While the Bar jacket might seem very classic to a novice, the fact of showing it in its original context brings out all the iconic strength and inspiration of a model that crystallized a period of searching in the world of fashion. F.M.: We show its resonance in the world of the 1940s and 50s. Its lasting impact is attested to by the number of designers who have been inspired by Dior over the years, which proves that the brand belongs to the history of haute couture. We asked a number of designers to show models inspired by the Bar jacket, and we had some very enthusiastic responses. From the Balenciagas, Lanvins and Balmains who echoed him in his era, to contemporary models by Dries Van Noten, Thom Browne or Comme des Garçons, there are no less than 25 fashion houses or couturiers who are represented.   It was this ide a of sculpting clothes that was new at the time? F.M.: Absolutely, it was one of Dior’s key ideas: starting from the female body and embellishing its natural architecture through the cut and choice of fabrics. O.G.: The silhouette of the New Look has a certain resonance with creations in other disciplines. The modernity of line in Dior’s clothing recalls Jean Prouvé’s furniture, for example. It was part of a whole aesthetic moment.   How, in just ten years , did Christian Dior manage to construct a brand that would survive him? F.M.: He managed such a feat because he believed in the idea of a total art. Right from the start, he designed his couture house from a global perspective, from the décor of the salons to the packaging, from the clothes to the make-up and other accessories. He’s the only couturier who launched a perfume right at the start when he founded his brand. It was a colossal enterprise, and he turned to his friend Serge HeftlerLouiche, ex-director of Coty, to help him out. O.G.: Dior was the perfect incarnation of a couturier who went beyond the usual boundaries of his profession. He loved French and Italian opera, which isn’t without significance in his manner of imagining a total art. In that respect he’s a child of the 19th century. He was fascinated by Art Nouveau, which was one of the last attempts in Europe to create a total art merging urbanism, architecture, textiles and furniture. F.M.: Very early on he also launched a line of lingerie, which is very important if you’re seeking to reshape the female silhouette. He also designed shoes and jewellery, which he had made by the best firms in Europe. It was the first time that anyone constructed a worldwide network of licensing based out of Paris.   His intuition also led him very early on to think about his image, particularly with respect to dressing Hollywood stars.  F.M.: Absolutely. He soon put together a press team who managed his image. When his H line caused a scandal, because it was thought it might flatten the curves of Hollywood stars, Dior called a press conference and made use of Jane Russell’s presence in Paris to demonstrate exactly the contrary   He’s often perceived as being rather bourgeois, which somehow doesn’t sit with the art galleries he ran before founding his fashion brand. O.G.: Dior was passionate about the cultural life of his times. There’s probably not a première or a major exhibition that he didn’t see in Paris William Klein back then. F.M.: The Vicomte de Noailles came regularly to his gallery. He bought works from him by artists who were still unknown at the time, particularly a Giacometti which he placed in his villa in Hyères. O.G.: In fact his bourgeois airs made him credible in the eyes of collectors, because at the time a lot of gallerists had a reputation for being a little dodgy. F.M.: At the time, running an art gallery was considered rather infra dig for a bourgeois family, a mercantile activity like any other. Dior’s father lent him money on the proviso that he didn’t call the gallery “Dior.” Later in his career Dior supported avantgarde artists who were reviled by the bourgeoisie. When Dalí became famous after making the hugely scandalous Un chien andalou with Luis Buñuel, he signed a contract for several exhibitions in Dior’s gallery. In his memoirs, Dior recalls arguments with his father which would often end up with him calling him a “damn bourgeois.” Christian Dior was also a big fan of museums. O.G.: Yes, he was fanatical about them, and he knew the Musée des Arts décoratifs very well. He even lent us some pieces for a 1955 show about 18th-century Parisian cabinetmakers, which says something about his curiosity and his status as a collector. During the same exhibition, he was also invited to show a couture collection. F.M.: We’re thrilled to be able to show the public images of that event, which demonstrate how much of a maverick he was at a time when fashion was nowhere to be seen in museums.   Which were the collections that lent you dresses for the show? F.M.: There were many sources – the Met, the V&A, the Palais Galliéra, the Dior Museum in Granville, the Musée des Arts décoratifs to which Christian Dior made a donation, and the fashion house itself, which today owns the biggest collection in the world.   How do they manage their enormous holdings? O.G.: The company has made a huge effort with its heritage since 1987, the year of the last big show, and which is also when it was bought up by Bernard Arnault. Today fashion houses have become very powerful centres for their own heritage, with proper conservation and exhibition programmes. This show demonstrates that fashion houses have now become major cultural players in their own right.   Christian Dior, couturier du rêve, Musée des Arts décoratifs, Paris, until 7 January 2018. From the left to the right : vintage dress. Coat in polyester and elastane, OFF-WHITE C/O VIRGIL ABLOH. Woolen dress, LEMAIRE. Dress in tulle embroidered with sequins and ostrich feathers, ELIE SAAB. Woolen coat with sleeves embroidered with pearls and split , MICHAEL KORS COLLECTION. Hat, JACQUEMUS Coat in shearling, APIECE APART. Silk blouse and leather skirt, LOUIS VUITTON. Hat, POLO RALPH LAUREN. Tweed dress and tulle with satin collar, CHANEL. Tweed dress and tulle with satin collar, CHANEL. Jacket and waistcoat in wool and skirt in mesh, CALVIN KLEIN. Tweed dress and tulle with satin collar, CHANEL. Jacket and waistcoat in wool and skirt in mesh, CALVIN KLEIN. Printed silk top and printed coated canvas skirt, PRADA. Tweed dress and tulle with satin collar, CHANEL. Jacket and waistcoat in wool and skirt in mesh, CALVIN KLEIN. Printed silk top and printed coated canvas skirt, PRADA. Long silk satin dress, GUCCI. Tweed dress and tulle with satin collar, CHANEL. Jacket and waistcoat in wool and skirt in mesh, CALVIN KLEIN. Printed silk top and printed coated canvas skirt, PRADA. Long silk satin dress, GUCCI.   Woolen jacket and woolen skirt, GIORGIO ARMANI. Shoes, PRADA. Tweed dress and tulle with satin collar, CHANEL. Jacket and waistcoat in wool and skirt in mesh, CALVIN KLEIN. Printed silk top and printed coated canvas skirt, PRADA. Long silk satin dress, GUCCI.   Woolen jacket and woolen skirt, GIORGIO ARMANI. Shoes, PRADA. Wool coat, LOEWE. Shoes, PRADA. What you essentially suggest is the wearing of meringue dresses with jeans, a hoodie and sneakers. Is that how you personally would wear them? Yeah that’s how I like to wear them. I love slipping a pair of jeans or a t-shirt under a dress. So I basically started producing these pieces to complete my collections.   It’s often remarked that your collections subvert the ‘pretty’ and the ‘feminine’ and their accompanying magical elements. Is that your intention? My research and my references are never anchored in fairy tales, or in what is traditionally considered as the feminine domain. I think maybe that’s what creates this subversive element: those notions just don’t exist for me.  The fantasy element in my collections comes from a desire to inspire women, rather than just sticking to the every day and banal.    Are your pieces mainly crafted by hand? Where is your studio based and how many people work on your team? The development of the prototypes, the fabrics and the prints happens in my studio. Then several English factories produce my pieces. Most of the techniques we use by definition are worked by hand. Sometimes we try and create the same effect in a more pragmatic way, like for example using a piece of lace that could be mistaken for crochet. Making pieces by hand is my favourite part of my work. I really hope I can maintain that as my business grows. What you essentially suggest is the wearing of meringue dresses with jeans, a hoodie and sneakers. Is that how you personally would wear them? Yeah that’s how I like to wear them. I love slipping a pair of jeans or a t-shirt under a dress. So I basically started producing these pieces to complete my collections.   It’s often remarked that your collections subvert the ‘pretty’ and the ‘feminine’ and their accompanying magical elements. Is that your intention? My research and my references are never anchored in fairy tales, or in what is traditionally considered as the feminine domain. I think maybe that’s what creates this subversive element: those notions just don’t exist for me.  The fantasy element in my collections comes from a desire to inspire women, rather than just sticking to the every day and banal.    Are your pieces mainly crafted by hand? Where is your studio based and how many people work on your team? The development of the prototypes, the fabrics and the prints happens in my studio. Then several English factories produce my pieces. Most of the techniques we use by definition are worked by hand. Sometimes we try and create the same effect in a more pragmatic way, like for example using a piece of lace that could be mistaken for crochet. Making pieces by hand is my favourite part of my work. I really hope I can maintain that as my business grows. Were you surprised to be among the finalists for the LVMH prize? Yes of course. The whole experience of participating has been very informative. Particularly having to talk about my brand to people who didn’t even know it existed. Explaining my work in a minute made me realise what really matters for me, and everything I’ve still got to learn   What will you do with the prize money if you win? I’ve got so many ideas about how I’d invest it. But I still need to think about that a bit more!  A funny and whimsical style she’s been working on for several years. Indeed Angelica Hicks, with her certain pedigree (she’s the daughter of Ashley Hicks, famous architect and second cousin to the Prince of Wales and Allegra Hicks, a society interior and fashion designer), was already sketching the fashion elite while studying at UCL in London. After collaborations with Elle, Chanel and Tory Burch, her satirical vision of couture and pop culture has continued to seduce the beautiful people she illustrates with humour. She recently became the official illustrator for Porter Magazine as well as the dating app “Bumble”.    Gucci x Angelica Hicks collection composed by 11 differents T-shirts and only 100 pieces of each will be available from 25th may. Cool and discreet, always in the shadow of her creations, who’d have thought Rei Kawakubo would agree to such a project. And yet the woman in charge of the most iconoclastic label for the last 50 years is currently being celebrated at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York. Indeed the last time a living designer was shown there it was Yves Saint Laurent in 1978.   Ever faithful to the concept of “kachikan” (values) that make up the very soul of the house, never looking backwards, and caught up in a constant state of renewal and questioning, the Japanese designer has always pushed the boundaries of creation with her extraordinary collections and unexpected collaborations (Supreme, Nike, Gosha Rubchinskiy…). It’s a veritable mantra for the woman who along with her compatriot Yohji Yamamoto and designer Helmut Lang launched the anti-fashion movement in the 1990s.   Extravagant, hybrid, indefinable, Rei Kawakubo’s fashion has broken all the rules of the industry’s established order. Now 150 Comme des Garçons creations are being displayed in a non-chronological order around themes such as object/subject, absence/presence, before/after, fashion/anti-fashion… She who for the last fifty years hasn’t “wanted to just make clothes” (as the title of her spring-summer 2014 collection “Not Making Clothes” affirmed) is surrounded by a tight circle of aficionados. With the exhibition “Art of In-Between”, the Met hopes to increase those numbers.   For the event the museum is also publishing a book with120 images that have made an impact on fashion and the history of Comme des Garçons - from her beginnings as a designer in Paris in 1981 to her influence on the notion of the body and beauty. The book celebrates the work of Rei Kawakubo through the photos of artists including Paolo Roversi, Collier Schorr, Nicholas Alan Cope, Inez & Vinoodh, Katerina Jebb, Kazumi Kurigami, Ari Marcopoulos, Craig McDean and Brigitte Niedermair…     “Rei Kawakubo/Comme des Garçons: Art of the In-Between”​, until 4th september 2017 at the Metropolitan Museum of Art de New York.  Exhibition catalogue, MET Publications.   Ten years ago Iris van Herpen established her own label to become one of today’s futurist fashion references. Having learnt her trade at the house of Alexander McQueen, and then made costumes for Opéra de Paris in collaboration with Benjamin Millepied, she never stops pushing the limits of science, technology and fashion. With creations printed in 3D using stereolithography (a method of cutting through material of fixed thickness), and the use of unexpected material (such as the plastron in woven metal gauze), the visual artist offers an organic fashion in a constant state of evolution. The “Transforming Fashion” exhibition at the Dallas Museum of Art, is the ideal opportunity to discover her most fascinating haute couture creations, between futurism, innovative fabrics and craftsmanship.    “Transforming Fashion”, from 21st may to 20th august at the Dallas Museum of Art, USA.  Irving Penn would have celebrated his 100th birthday in 2017 (1917-2009). Meticulous about the composition, nuance and details of his work, Irving Penn’s marked the world of photography during 70 years of career. Thanks to loans made by the Irving Penn Foundation, the Metropolitan Museum of Art is hosting a retrospective of his most beautiful works. In this show of more than 200 images, we discover portraits of his wife and muse Lisa Fonssagrives-Penn, female nudes, studies of flowers in colour and portraits of Truman Capote, Picasso, Ingmar Bergman and Issey Miyake.   “Irving Penn : Centennial”, until 30th july at the Metropolitan Museum of Art de Ney York, 1000 Fifth Avenue. Realisation: Irina Marie. Assistants realisation: Fernando Damasceno and Michelle Veal. Models: Peyton Knight from IMG Models. Lucas Satherley from Success Models. Hair: Carmel Bianco from Ray Brown Represents. Make-up: Mark Edio from See Management. Set: Jeff Bark and Chris White. Production: Susan Gin. How did you come up with the idea of creating jewellery? It happened in parallel to my performances; I wanted to launch a collection of clothes. I wanted to offer creations with serious visual impact and then I ended up orientating my creative teams to head wear. When we made the first piece, I posted it on Instagram and had so much positive feedback. Ultimately it’s a way to impose my artistic vision in the same way that others start out doing handbags or hats leading up to the development of more complete collections.     How did you come up with the idea of creating jewellery? It happened in parallel to my performances; I wanted to launch a collection of clothes. I wanted to offer creations with serious visual impact and then I ended up orientating my creative teams to head wear. When we made the first piece, I posted it on Instagram and had so much positive feedback. Ultimately it’s a way to impose my artistic vision in the same way that others start out doing handbags or hats leading up to the development of more complete collections.     “Mysticism, myths and the supernatural are all part of my world: I often use natural and symbolic materials like bones, feathers, stones and crystals.”     You have a very particular world, marked by mysticism and spirituality. Where does your inspiration come from? My performances are largely influenced by subcultures, goths, punks, hippies… and then I imbue them with a ritualistic and tribal dimension. My creations simply echo the aesthetic of my shows. Tribal culture shares similar energy to all that because it’s so connected to nature and draws on spirituality. Mysticism, myths and the supernatural are all part of my world: I often use natural and symbolic materials like bones, feathers, stones and crystals.   Discover House of Malakai collections on houseofmalakai.com       From independent Mali to party Mali, “the eye of Bamako” saw everything   Nicknamed “the eye of Bamako” he quickly became a key figure in the city and indeed throughout the country. He caught everyone on film, covering christenings, weddings, proms and village fetes, driven by his desire to immortalise the effervescence and insouciance of a youth revelling in its independence. From surprise parties to after parties, Malick Sidibé took countless portraits of young people sporting western clothes, rivalling each other in elegance and garb. Some of his shots, often in black and white like that of the dancing couple entitled “Nuit de noël” [Christmas Night] and “Danser le twist”, capture the emergence of foreign music, “a liberating music” as he described it. He was finally granted international recognition with an exhibition organised by the Cartier Foundation in Paris in 1995 entitled, “Bamako”.   From independent Mali to party Mali, “the eye of Bamako” saw everything   Nicknamed “the eye of Bamako” he quickly became a key figure in the city and indeed throughout the country. He caught everyone on film, covering christenings, weddings, proms and village fetes, driven by his desire to immortalise the effervescence and insouciance of a youth revelling in its independence. From surprise parties to after parties, Malick Sidibé took countless portraits of young people sporting western clothes, rivalling each other in elegance and garb. Some of his shots, often in black and white like that of the dancing couple entitled “Nuit de noël” [Christmas Night] and “Danser le twist”, capture the emergence of foreign music, “a liberating music” as he described it. He was finally granted international recognition with an exhibition organised by the Cartier Foundation in Paris in 1995 entitled, “Bamako”.   Seydou Keïta’s bling vs Malick Sidibé’s modesty   “Seydou, he was really classy, he took pictures of civil servants, well dressed men who covered their ladies with gold. Me, it was the middle classes. They could pose with a sheep if they wanted”, Malick Sidibé told Le Monde newspaper. Two great masters of African photography who evolved with simple means, modest studios decorated with a painted backdrop, but both imbued with the same desire to make their work a part of the collective memory. Generation after generation filed through the photographers’ studios, resulting in the most extraordinary archives of Malian life. Pop-loving hoodlums smoking cigarettes for Malick Sidibé and the elegant bourgeoisie for Seydou Keïta. Both reaped their share of awards but it wasn’t until 2003 that Malick Sidibé was presented with the prestigious international photography Hasselblad prize, awarded for the first time to an African photographer. Then four years later he was consecrated with a Golden Lion Award for Lifetime Achievement at the Venice Biennale. Right up until his death on April 14th 2016 in Bamako he questioned his work as a photographer with more profound artistic works such as the delicate “Vue de dos” series. Malick Sidibé left almost 400,000 negatives in his studio, a vibrant memory of an entire country that (hopefully) will soon see the light of day.   Following in the footsteps of actress Kristen Stewart, who was literally possessed by the spirit of Coco Chanel and the top model Cara Delevingne, who transformed into a cartoon, now it’s the turn of Caroline de Maigret to become the heroine of an “Inside Chanel” video, this one directed by Olivier Assayas (“Personal Shopper” 2016). In a black and white film shot within a Haussmannian décor, the Parisienne plays the model for an improvised fashion shoot… The last video in the series will be released on April 24th and stars singer Pharrell Williams. Realisation: Samuel François. Assistant realisation: Sophie Houdré. Model: Arizona Muse from Next Management. Hair: Joseph Pujalte from Artlist. Make-up: Satoko Watanabe from Artlist. Set: Janina Pedan from The Magnet Agency. Retouch: My Brother Bob. Production: Quadriga. Thnaks to Studio des Acacias, www.studioacacias.com Born in the underground   In 1994, when grunge and hip-hop were all that mattered, James Jebbia, an Englishman in New York, opened his first Supreme shop on Lafayette Street, NYC with just 12,000 dollars. The name came from Coltrane’s epic tune, “A Love Supreme” while the simple logo and advertising was inspired by Barbara Kruger (the artist behind the ironic montage, “I Shop Therefore I am”). Jebbia started with virtually nothing. He couldn’t even patent the “Supreme” name. In fact we know very little about the notoriously discreet Jebbia except that he was a child actor who learnt ‘fashion’ while working with Eddie Cruz, the future founder of Undefeated, at the Soho boutique Parachute. Cruz opened the Union NYC boutique in 1989 and two years later started Stüssy. Two guys from the street scene, one good school...    “Larry Clark would go on to cast certain actors for his movie Kids in the NY Supreme store before doing a calendar for the brand” Born in the underground   In 1994, when grunge and hip-hop were all that mattered, James Jebbia, an Englishman in New York, opened his first Supreme shop on Lafayette Street, NYC with just 12,000 dollars. The name came from Coltrane’s epic tune, “A Love Supreme” while the simple logo and advertising was inspired by Barbara Kruger (the artist behind the ironic montage, “I Shop Therefore I am”). Jebbia started with virtually nothing. He couldn’t even patent the “Supreme” name. In fact we know very little about the notoriously discreet Jebbia except that he was a child actor who learnt ‘fashion’ while working with Eddie Cruz, the future founder of Undefeated, at the Soho boutique Parachute. Cruz opened the Union NYC boutique in 1989 and two years later started Stüssy. Two guys from the street scene, one good school...    “Larry Clark would go on to cast certain actors for his movie Kids in the NY Supreme store before doing a calendar for the brand” Smart Intuition   With flair worthy of Steve Jobs, Jebbia felt there was potential for skaters who didn’t have access to enough good quality and stylish garb. He wanted to give this tribe of young skaters well cut basics, ie before its time: hoodies, white t-shirts, canvas pants. He never actually skated himself but fell in love with the drawings on boards and the culture of these young rebels who hung out on streets listening to loud music. And most of all Jebbia had the same low-profile and humble attitude of skaters. He quickly chose his salespeople from this community and Larry Clark would go on to cast certain actors for his movie Kids in the NY Supreme store before doing a calendar for the brand.       Born in the underground   In 1994, when grunge and hip-hop were all that mattered, James Jebbia, an Englishman in New York, opened his first Supreme shop on Lafayette Street, NYC with just 12,000 dollars. The name came from Coltrane’s epic tune, “A Love Supreme” while the simple logo and advertising was inspired by Barbara Kruger (the artist behind the ironic montage, “I Shop Therefore I am”). Jebbia started with virtually nothing. He couldn’t even patent the “Supreme” name. In fact we know very little about the notoriously discreet Jebbia except that he was a child actor who learnt ‘fashion’ while working with Eddie Cruz, the future founder of Undefeated, at the Soho boutique Parachute. Cruz opened the Union NYC boutique in 1989 and two years later started Stüssy. Two guys from the street scene, one good school...    “Larry Clark would go on to cast certain actors for his movie Kids in the NY Supreme store before doing a calendar for the brand” Smart Intuition   With flair worthy of Steve Jobs, Jebbia felt there was potential for skaters who didn’t have access to enough good quality and stylish garb. He wanted to give this tribe of young skaters well cut basics, ie before its time: hoodies, white t-shirts, canvas pants. He never actually skated himself but fell in love with the drawings on boards and the culture of these young rebels who hung out on streets listening to loud music. And most of all Jebbia had the same low-profile and humble attitude of skaters. He quickly chose his salespeople from this community and Larry Clark would go on to cast certain actors for his movie Kids in the NY Supreme store before doing a calendar for the brand.       Insider Trading   A well-kept secret, the first Supreme shop in NYC was frequented by those in the know. Jebbia had the brilliant idea of keeping the doors wide open so skaters could enter directly on their boards. The designer had little cash, but lots of ideas. Adept at guerrilla marketing, he stuck Supreme stickers on walls all over New York, much like a graffiti artist scrawls his tag. In 1994 he stuck his logo over Calvin Klein’s adverts featuring Kate Moss. Just over the pants… Calvin Klein filed a lawsuit. Then that in 2000 Jebbia launched a “Supreme Vuitton” skateboard, blatantly appropriating the French brand’s monogram. Another lawsuit followed. In 2012 Supreme used the advert customised with his logo back in 1994 to announce a collaboration with Kate Moss. And he even ended up collaborating for real with Vuitton in 2017. Daring moves indeed, that paid off in the end…     “In 1994 he stuck his logo over Calvin Klein’s adverts featuring Kate Moss​” Born in the underground   In 1994, when grunge and hip-hop were all that mattered, James Jebbia, an Englishman in New York, opened his first Supreme shop on Lafayette Street, NYC with just 12,000 dollars. The name came from Coltrane’s epic tune, “A Love Supreme” while the simple logo and advertising was inspired by Barbara Kruger (the artist behind the ironic montage, “I Shop Therefore I am”). Jebbia started with virtually nothing. He couldn’t even patent the “Supreme” name. In fact we know very little about the notoriously discreet Jebbia except that he was a child actor who learnt ‘fashion’ while working with Eddie Cruz, the future founder of Undefeated, at the Soho boutique Parachute. Cruz opened the Union NYC boutique in 1989 and two years later started Stüssy. Two guys from the street scene, one good school...    “Larry Clark would go on to cast certain actors for his movie Kids in the NY Supreme store before doing a calendar for the brand” Smart Intuition   With flair worthy of Steve Jobs, Jebbia felt there was potential for skaters who didn’t have access to enough good quality and stylish garb. He wanted to give this tribe of young skaters well cut basics, ie before its time: hoodies, white t-shirts, canvas pants. He never actually skated himself but fell in love with the drawings on boards and the culture of these young rebels who hung out on streets listening to loud music. And most of all Jebbia had the same low-profile and humble attitude of skaters. He quickly chose his salespeople from this community and Larry Clark would go on to cast certain actors for his movie Kids in the NY Supreme store before doing a calendar for the brand.       Insider Trading   A well-kept secret, the first Supreme shop in NYC was frequented by those in the know. Jebbia had the brilliant idea of keeping the doors wide open so skaters could enter directly on their boards. The designer had little cash, but lots of ideas. Adept at guerrilla marketing, he stuck Supreme stickers on walls all over New York, much like a graffiti artist scrawls his tag. In 1994 he stuck his logo over Calvin Klein’s adverts featuring Kate Moss. Just over the pants… Calvin Klein filed a lawsuit. Then that in 2000 Jebbia launched a “Supreme Vuitton” skateboard, blatantly appropriating the French brand’s monogram. Another lawsuit followed. In 2012 Supreme used the advert customised with his logo back in 1994 to announce a collaboration with Kate Moss. And he even ended up collaborating for real with Vuitton in 2017. Daring moves indeed, that paid off in the end…     “In 1994 he stuck his logo over Calvin Klein’s adverts featuring Kate Moss​” Keeping it Rare   Originally through sheer laziness, Jebbia never bothered with stock, producing only small quantities. The result was that demand quickly outstripped supply. It’s always when we can’t get something we want it even more. Even when it’s a basic white top... Today t-shirts with a Supreme logo originally sold for 50 euros in store now go for 300 on eBay. The rarity of Supreme also works with the retail spaces. There are less than ten stores around the world: London, Paris, Los Angeles, Tokyo, Osaka, and Fukuoka. Adhering to ultra-luxury codes the brand goes even further by only selling Supreme at Supreme… And the brand has no Twitter or Tumblr accounts, and didn’t even have a lookbook until 2009. Born in the underground   In 1994, when grunge and hip-hop were all that mattered, James Jebbia, an Englishman in New York, opened his first Supreme shop on Lafayette Street, NYC with just 12,000 dollars. The name came from Coltrane’s epic tune, “A Love Supreme” while the simple logo and advertising was inspired by Barbara Kruger (the artist behind the ironic montage, “I Shop Therefore I am”). Jebbia started with virtually nothing. He couldn’t even patent the “Supreme” name. In fact we know very little about the notoriously discreet Jebbia except that he was a child actor who learnt ‘fashion’ while working with Eddie Cruz, the future founder of Undefeated, at the Soho boutique Parachute. Cruz opened the Union NYC boutique in 1989 and two years later started Stüssy. Two guys from the street scene, one good school...    “Larry Clark would go on to cast certain actors for his movie Kids in the NY Supreme store before doing a calendar for the brand” Smart Intuition   With flair worthy of Steve Jobs, Jebbia felt there was potential for skaters who didn’t have access to enough good quality and stylish garb. He wanted to give this tribe of young skaters well cut basics, ie before its time: hoodies, white t-shirts, canvas pants. He never actually skated himself but fell in love with the drawings on boards and the culture of these young rebels who hung out on streets listening to loud music. And most of all Jebbia had the same low-profile and humble attitude of skaters. He quickly chose his salespeople from this community and Larry Clark would go on to cast certain actors for his movie Kids in the NY Supreme store before doing a calendar for the brand.       Insider Trading   A well-kept secret, the first Supreme shop in NYC was frequented by those in the know. Jebbia had the brilliant idea of keeping the doors wide open so skaters could enter directly on their boards. The designer had little cash, but lots of ideas. Adept at guerrilla marketing, he stuck Supreme stickers on walls all over New York, much like a graffiti artist scrawls his tag. In 1994 he stuck his logo over Calvin Klein’s adverts featuring Kate Moss. Just over the pants… Calvin Klein filed a lawsuit. Then that in 2000 Jebbia launched a “Supreme Vuitton” skateboard, blatantly appropriating the French brand’s monogram. Another lawsuit followed. In 2012 Supreme used the advert customised with his logo back in 1994 to announce a collaboration with Kate Moss. And he even ended up collaborating for real with Vuitton in 2017. Daring moves indeed, that paid off in the end…     “In 1994 he stuck his logo over Calvin Klein’s adverts featuring Kate Moss​” Keeping it Rare   Originally through sheer laziness, Jebbia never bothered with stock, producing only small quantities. The result was that demand quickly outstripped supply. It’s always when we can’t get something we want it even more. Even when it’s a basic white top... Today t-shirts with a Supreme logo originally sold for 50 euros in store now go for 300 on eBay. The rarity of Supreme also works with the retail spaces. There are less than ten stores around the world: London, Paris, Los Angeles, Tokyo, Osaka, and Fukuoka. Adhering to ultra-luxury codes the brand goes even further by only selling Supreme at Supreme… And the brand has no Twitter or Tumblr accounts, and didn’t even have a lookbook until 2009. Pop culture x counter-culture   Cultivated and very aware of the hype surrounding certain icons, Jebbia has always used pop culture icons to generate desire for his products. Like a street style Warhol he uses well known faces to bring in their fans. One of his first ever prints was the cult image of Robert De Niro in Taxi Driver. Then came the t-shirts with Bruce Lee, Black Sabbath, the Misfits, Bad Brains, Daniel Armstrong drawings and visuals from Clash record covers. His ultra-cool muses range from Lou Reed, Kate Moss, Neil Young, Michael Jordan, Mike Tyson and Paul Morrissey to Chloé Sevigny and Lady Gaga. Plus Kermit the Frog for the fun. The photos are often shot by Terry Richardson or Kenneth Cappello. As a result today’s superstars can’t get enough of his limited editions and we regularly see them being worn by Odd Future, Tyler, The Creator, Earl Sweatshirt, Frank Ocean, Kanye West, Travis Scott, Chris Brown, Wiz Khalifa, ASAP Rocky, Schoolboy Q, Drake, Nas, Pharrell Williams, James Lavelle, Gucci Mane, Kid Cudi and even Kylie Jenner. Born in the underground   In 1994, when grunge and hip-hop were all that mattered, James Jebbia, an Englishman in New York, opened his first Supreme shop on Lafayette Street, NYC with just 12,000 dollars. The name came from Coltrane’s epic tune, “A Love Supreme” while the simple logo and advertising was inspired by Barbara Kruger (the artist behind the ironic montage, “I Shop Therefore I am”). Jebbia started with virtually nothing. He couldn’t even patent the “Supreme” name. In fact we know very little about the notoriously discreet Jebbia except that he was a child actor who learnt ‘fashion’ while working with Eddie Cruz, the future founder of Undefeated, at the Soho boutique Parachute. Cruz opened the Union NYC boutique in 1989 and two years later started Stüssy. Two guys from the street scene, one good school...    “Larry Clark would go on to cast certain actors for his movie Kids in the NY Supreme store before doing a calendar for the brand” Smart Intuition   With flair worthy of Steve Jobs, Jebbia felt there was potential for skaters who didn’t have access to enough good quality and stylish garb. He wanted to give this tribe of young skaters well cut basics, ie before its time: hoodies, white t-shirts, canvas pants. He never actually skated himself but fell in love with the drawings on boards and the culture of these young rebels who hung out on streets listening to loud music. And most of all Jebbia had the same low-profile and humble attitude of skaters. He quickly chose his salespeople from this community and Larry Clark would go on to cast certain actors for his movie Kids in the NY Supreme store before doing a calendar for the brand.       Insider Trading   A well-kept secret, the first Supreme shop in NYC was frequented by those in the know. Jebbia had the brilliant idea of keeping the doors wide open so skaters could enter directly on their boards. The designer had little cash, but lots of ideas. Adept at guerrilla marketing, he stuck Supreme stickers on walls all over New York, much like a graffiti artist scrawls his tag. In 1994 he stuck his logo over Calvin Klein’s adverts featuring Kate Moss. Just over the pants… Calvin Klein filed a lawsuit. Then that in 2000 Jebbia launched a “Supreme Vuitton” skateboard, blatantly appropriating the French brand’s monogram. Another lawsuit followed. In 2012 Supreme used the advert customised with his logo back in 1994 to announce a collaboration with Kate Moss. And he even ended up collaborating for real with Vuitton in 2017. Daring moves indeed, that paid off in the end…     “In 1994 he stuck his logo over Calvin Klein’s adverts featuring Kate Moss​” Keeping it Rare   Originally through sheer laziness, Jebbia never bothered with stock, producing only small quantities. The result was that demand quickly outstripped supply. It’s always when we can’t get something we want it even more. Even when it’s a basic white top... Today t-shirts with a Supreme logo originally sold for 50 euros in store now go for 300 on eBay. The rarity of Supreme also works with the retail spaces. There are less than ten stores around the world: London, Paris, Los Angeles, Tokyo, Osaka, and Fukuoka. Adhering to ultra-luxury codes the brand goes even further by only selling Supreme at Supreme… And the brand has no Twitter or Tumblr accounts, and didn’t even have a lookbook until 2009. Pop culture x counter-culture   Cultivated and very aware of the hype surrounding certain icons, Jebbia has always used pop culture icons to generate desire for his products. Like a street style Warhol he uses well known faces to bring in their fans. One of his first ever prints was the cult image of Robert De Niro in Taxi Driver. Then came the t-shirts with Bruce Lee, Black Sabbath, the Misfits, Bad Brains, Daniel Armstrong drawings and visuals from Clash record covers. His ultra-cool muses range from Lou Reed, Kate Moss, Neil Young, Michael Jordan, Mike Tyson and Paul Morrissey to Chloé Sevigny and Lady Gaga. Plus Kermit the Frog for the fun. The photos are often shot by Terry Richardson or Kenneth Cappello. As a result today’s superstars can’t get enough of his limited editions and we regularly see them being worn by Odd Future, Tyler, The Creator, Earl Sweatshirt, Frank Ocean, Kanye West, Travis Scott, Chris Brown, Wiz Khalifa, ASAP Rocky, Schoolboy Q, Drake, Nas, Pharrell Williams, James Lavelle, Gucci Mane, Kid Cudi and even Kylie Jenner. Strength in numbers    While collaborations are the norm today, Supreme started early. It’s all about joining forces with brands as cool as theirs. Nike, The North Face, Comme Des garçons, Vans, Timberland, Dr. Martens, Levi's, Hanes, Lacoste and even Louis Vuitton have all partnered up with Supreme for co-productions that have barely hit the shop floor before they’re out of stock. New pieces put up for sale on the website sell out in less than five minutes. There are riots outside the stores. In 2014 the NYPD were forced to cancel the Air Foamposite de Nike x Supreme launch to avoid total chaos in the streets. Supreme also collaborates with artists. Peter Saville, Richard Prince, Takashi Murakami, Damien Hirst, Christopher Wool, Nobuyoshi Araki, Futura 2000, Harmony Korine, George Condo, Rammellzee, Ryan McGinness, KAWS, Larry Clark, Jeff Koons, H. R. Giger, Mark Gonzales, Robert Crumb, David Sims, David Lynch and Marilyn Minter are just some of the big names involved with the brand. In 2012 Jebbia’s fortune was estimated to be in the region 40 million dollars. Proof, if needed, that we’re always stronger together...   www.supremenewyork.com TV Party: the coolest underground TV show at the time   Between 1978 and 1982, O’Brien became a public figure when he presented the late-night public-access television show, TV Party. On this openly satirical talk show with its ultra-convivial ambiance, he welcomed David Bowie, Iggy Pop, Robert Mapplethorpe, along with everyone else considered edgy in New York, for informal conversations and live performances. Under the Reagan administration he decided, in perfect irony, to create his own political party with the same name as his show, arguing that everyone loves telly, but he never got enough signatures.     TV Party: the coolest underground TV show at the time   Between 1978 and 1982, O’Brien became a public figure when he presented the late-night public-access television show, TV Party. On this openly satirical talk show with its ultra-convivial ambiance, he welcomed David Bowie, Iggy Pop, Robert Mapplethorpe, along with everyone else considered edgy in New York, for informal conversations and live performances. Under the Reagan administration he decided, in perfect irony, to create his own political party with the same name as his show, arguing that everyone loves telly, but he never got enough signatures.     Jean-Michel Basquiat’s number one fan   A guest on TV Party, the young Jean-Michel Basquiat, then aged 20 and a figure head of street art would become the subject of a film written by O’Brien and whose production would draw to a close in 1981 through lack of finance. In 1999 Glenn O’Brien acquired the rights and relaunched production with 80's star stylist Maripol. The film was presented in 2001 at Director’s Fortnight at Cannes. O’Brien also owns a serious collection of original works by the artist, who died in 1988, (that he regularly lends them to exhibitions) and co-authored several books about him.   TV Party: the coolest underground TV show at the time   Between 1978 and 1982, O’Brien became a public figure when he presented the late-night public-access television show, TV Party. On this openly satirical talk show with its ultra-convivial ambiance, he welcomed David Bowie, Iggy Pop, Robert Mapplethorpe, along with everyone else considered edgy in New York, for informal conversations and live performances. Under the Reagan administration he decided, in perfect irony, to create his own political party with the same name as his show, arguing that everyone loves telly, but he never got enough signatures.     Jean-Michel Basquiat’s number one fan   A guest on TV Party, the young Jean-Michel Basquiat, then aged 20 and a figure head of street art would become the subject of a film written by O’Brien and whose production would draw to a close in 1981 through lack of finance. In 1999 Glenn O’Brien acquired the rights and relaunched production with 80's star stylist Maripol. The film was presented in 2001 at Director’s Fortnight at Cannes. O’Brien also owns a serious collection of original works by the artist, who died in 1988, (that he regularly lends them to exhibitions) and co-authored several books about him.   The original slasher   Prolific and hyperactive, Glenn O’Brien never stopped experimenting with different artistic activities: he was a critic for the magazine The Punk Era, on what was called the “Glenn O’Brien Beat”, a member of the band Konelrad, encouraged by TV Party he did a brief stint as a humourist but was also an editor at Allure and Harper’s Bazaar. In 1992 he was part of Madonna’s very controversial book Sex (along with Steven Meisel and Fabien Baron) which told 1.4 million copies. At the end of the 1980's he started a career in advertising working particularly for Barney’s and Calvin Klein, for whom he signed several provocative adverts with a nubile Kate Moss.   TV Party: the coolest underground TV show at the time   Between 1978 and 1982, O’Brien became a public figure when he presented the late-night public-access television show, TV Party. On this openly satirical talk show with its ultra-convivial ambiance, he welcomed David Bowie, Iggy Pop, Robert Mapplethorpe, along with everyone else considered edgy in New York, for informal conversations and live performances. Under the Reagan administration he decided, in perfect irony, to create his own political party with the same name as his show, arguing that everyone loves telly, but he never got enough signatures.     Jean-Michel Basquiat’s number one fan   A guest on TV Party, the young Jean-Michel Basquiat, then aged 20 and a figure head of street art would become the subject of a film written by O’Brien and whose production would draw to a close in 1981 through lack of finance. In 1999 Glenn O’Brien acquired the rights and relaunched production with 80's star stylist Maripol. The film was presented in 2001 at Director’s Fortnight at Cannes. O’Brien also owns a serious collection of original works by the artist, who died in 1988, (that he regularly lends them to exhibitions) and co-authored several books about him.   The original slasher   Prolific and hyperactive, Glenn O’Brien never stopped experimenting with different artistic activities: he was a critic for the magazine The Punk Era, on what was called the “Glenn O’Brien Beat”, a member of the band Konelrad, encouraged by TV Party he did a brief stint as a humourist but was also an editor at Allure and Harper’s Bazaar. In 1992 he was part of Madonna’s very controversial book Sex (along with Steven Meisel and Fabien Baron) which told 1.4 million copies. At the end of the 1980's he started a career in advertising working particularly for Barney’s and Calvin Klein, for whom he signed several provocative adverts with a nubile Kate Moss.   America’s style icon   While he showed a total disregard for fashion he was a fervent defender of style and in 1999 joined the team at GQ magazine where he worked for 15 years. In his column, The Style Guy, which would later become a book in 2000, he dealt with the subject of style with wit and finesse merrily weaving it through with lifestyle and politics as he addressed his devoted gay and straight audience.   Mia Brammer   This young Brazilian model, who celebrated her 18th birthday backstage at the Prada fall-winter 2017/18 runway show, arrived in the fashion world with a bang. With her long blond hair and diaphanous skin, Mia Brammer reminds us of Sofia Coppola’s heroines in “Virgin Suicides”, adding a certain depth to this powerful casting. Mia Brammer   This young Brazilian model, who celebrated her 18th birthday backstage at the Prada fall-winter 2017/18 runway show, arrived in the fashion world with a bang. With her long blond hair and diaphanous skin, Mia Brammer reminds us of Sofia Coppola’s heroines in “Virgin Suicides”, adding a certain depth to this powerful casting. Kris Grikaite   The new face at the house of Prada, the Russian top model Kris Grikaite is just 16 years old. She walked the runway for the Italian house during Men’s fashion week for fall-winter 2017/18 before opening the show for this season’s womenswear. A beautiful validation for this baby faced girl with a firmly established fashion CV (Paco Rabanne, Dior, Céline…). After Louis Vuitton and Lacoste, Supreme continues its run of collaborations with Comme des Garçons. This latest capsule collection is inspired by the Comme des Garçons SHIRT spring-summer 2010 campaign by Stephen Shanabrook. For the occasion Supreme logo is faded and superimposed with the Japanese house’s logo. The collection (hotly anticipated since October 2016) is made up of a t-shirt, a hoodie, a pair of ‘eye’ motif Air Max 1 Low, a raincoat, a suit, a shirt and bag. It will be available from April 13th in the Paris boutique and on the Supreme website. For the Nike Air Force 1s you’ll just have to wait until May 2017.   Supreme, 20, rue Barbette, Paris IIIe.   Realisation: Charle Varenne. Realisation assistants: Allison Levy and Chelsea Rizzo. Models: Issa Lish from Supreme Management. Katlin Aas from Women Management. Hair: Laurent Philippon for Bumble and bumble from Tim Howard Management. Make-up: Mariel Barrera from Joe Management. Nails: Holly Falcone for Tom Ford Beauty from Kate Ryan Inc. Numerique: Gabriel Hernandez from Capture This. Retouch: Revolver NYC. Production: Ernesto Qualizza. Stylist Christopher Niquet has always been passionate about models and now he’s releasing a book on the subject bringing together portraits and autographs. In 2008 he bumped into 1960s modelling legend Peggy Moffitt in a Beverly Hills restaurant and asked for her autograph. That’s how it all began. He’s brought together the swirling signatures of 100 models accompanied by their majestic portraits, Veruschka, Jerry Hall, Cindy Crawford, Stella Tennant… This is a book that pays tribute to feminine beauty celebrated through the prism of fashion.   “Models Matter”, foreword by photographer Steven Meisel, Damiani's edition by Christopher Niquet, 124 pages. Assistant realisation: Philip Smith. Model: Vivien Solari from IMG Models. Hair: Kei Tejada from Julian Watson Agency. Make-up: Lotten Holmqvist for M.A.C Cosmetics from Management + Artists. Nails: Pebbles Aikens. Set: Andrea Cellerino from Streeters. Choregraphy: Pat Boguslawski from Management + Artists. Numerique: Bror Ivefeldt. Retouch: Dtouch London. Production Matt Malby from North Six.   Realisation: Samuel François. Realisation assistante: Sophie Houdré. Model: Guinevere Van Seenus from Elite Model Management. Hair: Dai Michishita. Make-up: Rie Omoto from See Management. Numerique: Alexandre Marillat. Production: IINO Productions.     À VOIR AUSSI: Exclusive: “La piscine” a fashion story by Blommers & Schumm SÉLECTION DE LA RÉDACTION: The best facial scrubs​ Maripol Born in Morocco, the French stylist and photographer has shone in the world of photography since the 1980s when she was hanging out with Andy Warhol. This former assistant to Jean-Paul Goude has seen an impressive list of celebrities through her lens, from Debbie Harry to Keith Haring and Madonna. With the Polaroid camera as her instrument of choice, she caught all the backstage action at the Dior runway show. Maripol Born in Morocco, the French stylist and photographer has shone in the world of photography since the 1980s when she was hanging out with Andy Warhol. This former assistant to Jean-Paul Goude has seen an impressive list of celebrities through her lens, from Debbie Harry to Keith Haring and Madonna. With the Polaroid camera as her instrument of choice, she caught all the backstage action at the Dior runway show. Janette Beckman This English photographer’s world is pure punk rock after years of capturing icons like The Clash and Boy George. For Dior she followed every step of the process from the production of the collection in the couture ateliers to the runway backstage. Maripol Born in Morocco, the French stylist and photographer has shone in the world of photography since the 1980s when she was hanging out with Andy Warhol. This former assistant to Jean-Paul Goude has seen an impressive list of celebrities through her lens, from Debbie Harry to Keith Haring and Madonna. With the Polaroid camera as her instrument of choice, she caught all the backstage action at the Dior runway show. Janette Beckman This English photographer’s world is pure punk rock after years of capturing icons like The Clash and Boy George. For Dior she followed every step of the process from the production of the collection in the couture ateliers to the runway backstage. Brigitte Lacombe The French photographer now living in New York has had a rich and diverse career. The New Yorker, Vanity Fair and German Vogue are just some of the publications that have featured her work. Treating black and white with a purity and finesse, she signs the spring-summer 2017 campaign shots for the house of Dior using twin sister models Ruth and May Bell. Maripol Born in Morocco, the French stylist and photographer has shone in the world of photography since the 1980s when she was hanging out with Andy Warhol. This former assistant to Jean-Paul Goude has seen an impressive list of celebrities through her lens, from Debbie Harry to Keith Haring and Madonna. With the Polaroid camera as her instrument of choice, she caught all the backstage action at the Dior runway show. Janette Beckman This English photographer’s world is pure punk rock after years of capturing icons like The Clash and Boy George. For Dior she followed every step of the process from the production of the collection in the couture ateliers to the runway backstage. Brigitte Lacombe The French photographer now living in New York has had a rich and diverse career. The New Yorker, Vanity Fair and German Vogue are just some of the publications that have featured her work. Treating black and white with a purity and finesse, she signs the spring-summer 2017 campaign shots for the house of Dior using twin sister models Ruth and May Bell. Brigitte Niedermair Specialist in portraits, still lifes and surreal compositions, she did the ad campaign for Marithé et François Girbaud in 2005 which ended up getting banned. This Italian artist, who started out on campaigns for Cartier, Longchamp and Cerruti, shot details of the looks from the latest collection by Maria Grazia Chiuri. Hers is an understated work celebrated for its aesthetic perfectly in line with the Dior codes. Maripol Born in Morocco, the French stylist and photographer has shone in the world of photography since the 1980s when she was hanging out with Andy Warhol. This former assistant to Jean-Paul Goude has seen an impressive list of celebrities through her lens, from Debbie Harry to Keith Haring and Madonna. With the Polaroid camera as her instrument of choice, she caught all the backstage action at the Dior runway show. Janette Beckman This English photographer’s world is pure punk rock after years of capturing icons like The Clash and Boy George. For Dior she followed every step of the process from the production of the collection in the couture ateliers to the runway backstage. Brigitte Lacombe The French photographer now living in New York has had a rich and diverse career. The New Yorker, Vanity Fair and German Vogue are just some of the publications that have featured her work. Treating black and white with a purity and finesse, she signs the spring-summer 2017 campaign shots for the house of Dior using twin sister models Ruth and May Bell. Brigitte Niedermair Specialist in portraits, still lifes and surreal compositions, she did the ad campaign for Marithé et François Girbaud in 2005 which ended up getting banned. This Italian artist, who started out on campaigns for Cartier, Longchamp and Cerruti, shot details of the looks from the latest collection by Maria Grazia Chiuri. Hers is an understated work celebrated for its aesthetic perfectly in line with the Dior codes. The four photographers talk about their relationship with the house of Dior in a video on www.dior.com   MORE: Dior fall-winter 2017-2018 show​ WE RECOMMEND: PAD Paris 2017: the creative impulse behind the international design fair​ In 2007 on Regent Street in London the first COS boutique opened its doors, now ten years later, the ready-to-wear store is celebrating its success with 10 original creations. This special event capsule collection is inspired by the Japanese kimono and is made up of shirts with patch pockets, minimalist tunics and long and ample lightweight jackets belted at the waist. The choice of colours is based on a sober palette of white to beige, the label’s own elegant signature shades. What makes this capsule collection so unique is the way it’s been made: in order to not waste a scrap of material each garment is made from pieces cut jigsaw puzzle like from the fabric, resulting in a most intelligent product.   This decade has also been marked by prestigious collaborations with big names in the world of art and design like Hay, Nina Band, the Book Society, Sou Fujimoto, Donald Judd and others. COS has also been supporting the Serpentine Gallery in London since 2013  joining them every year for events like the “Park nights” last June. And let’s not forget the the collection inspired by the work of 20th century American painter Agnes Martin.   The “10” collection will be available in shops and on cosstores.com from March 24th   MORE: Gigi Hadid x Tommy Hilfiger: a second collection unveiled…​ WE RECOMMEND: “Disobedient Bodies”, J. W. Anderson’s big show​ Jonathan Anderson, art lover and collector is the prestigious guest curator at the  Hepworth Wakefield, a British venue for exceptional art. Curator of the “Disobedient Bodies” show, the Irishman questions the vision of the human body and its radical representations in art, fashion and design. The designer presents 100 pieces by 40 artists. Thus we have Louise Bourgeois alongside Alberto Giacometti with a Henry Moore masterpiece, “Reclining Figure” (1936), in the entrance. He is also showing pieces from his own ready-to-wear fall-winter 2013 menswear collection full of details taken straight from what’s traditionally deemed as women’s wear.    At the heart of the show Jonathan Anderson offers us a monumental installation composed of a vast sweater (the collar touches the ceiling and the sleeves reach the floor) where the visitor can imagine themselves in a stunning disproportionality. “I was very excited by this rare opportunity to reunite certain works of art and fashion pieces that have inspired my own creative process, and to have the chance to see how these objects interact with each other when put side by side.” In both his men’s wear collections and his advertising campaigns, Jonathan Anderson continuously affirms an innovative vision of the garment, whose forms he hybridises, often from the contemporary perspective of post-gender.   “Disobedient Bodies”, on until June 18th  2017 at the Hepworth Wakefield, Yorkshire, England.   MORE: A$ap Rocky and Jonathan Anderson launch a collection, and party with Robert Pattinson and FKA Twigs​ WE RECOMMEND: Who is James Bidgood, the pope of queer culture? Realisation: Belén Casadevall assisted by Clémence Chatain. Model: Anna de Rijk from Viva Model Management. Hair: Adam Szabo from Atomo Management. Make-up: Stéphanie Kunz from Callisté Agency. Production: Ellie Robertson from Mini Title.     MORE: Exclusive: “Volupté” a fashion serie by Victor Demarchelier​ WE RECOMMEND: Christopher Kane’s accessories conquer space​ Last August the irresistible Gigi Hadid launched her first collaboration with the all American designer Tommy Hilfiger. For this second coming together, the it-girl has taken vintage pieces by the brand, from the 1960s and 70s and brought them bang up to date. The result is a wardrobe of denim, bandanas and patchworks with a hippie sportswear vibe that’s undeniably Californian.   The TommyXGigi capsule collection is available at Galeries Lafayette Haussman, BHV Marais, and online at galerieslafayette.com and will be rolled out across France from April 3rd.   MORE: Tommy x Gigi: la première collection de Gigi Hadid pour Tommy Hilfiger   WE RECOMMEND: “Reverie”, Arca’s new phantasmagorical music video​ Already available for sale, the fall-winter 2017 Space collection has been the subject of a spatial experiment. On February 6th a handbag and a pair of sneakers were launched 38 km from earth from the Ashbourne base in England reaching 0% pressurisation and resisting temperatures of -64°C. A performance filmed from launch to landing. Made up of ‘High top’ sneakers and ‘Devine’ handbags in 6 matt colours embellished with school backpack style quick release buckles, the collection accompanies anoraks made from parachute canvas. Already available for sale, the fall-winter 2017 Space collection has been the subject of a spatial experiment. On February 6th a handbag and a pair of sneakers were launched 38 km from earth from the Ashbourne base in England reaching 0% pressurisation and resisting temperatures of -64°C. A performance filmed from launch to landing. Made up of ‘High top’ sneakers and ‘Devine’ handbags in 6 matt colours embellished with school backpack style quick release buckles, the collection accompanies anoraks made from parachute canvas. Collection available on www.christopherkane.com   MORE: Christopher Kane fall-winter 2017-2018 fashion show​ WE RECOMMEND: Fetish object of the week: the Chanel pochette bag​ To celebrate its 100th runway show, the house has plunged into the archives and is giving unprecedented access to all of its shows. Every day from March 15th Dries Van Noten will put the video of a show on their website but the soundtrack will only be available to listen to for the first 24 hours. After that the shows can be admired in silence allowing the beauty of the silhouettes to shine through.   MORE: Dries Van Noten fall-winter 2017-2018 runway show as seen by Mehdi Mendas WE RECOMMEND: Clare Waight Keller named artistic director at Givenchy​ Before assisting Kanye West on his short film “Runaway” and then the scenography of his Yeezy fashion shows, feminist artist Vanessa Beecroft was already well established on the American conceptual art scene. For the last 20 years the activist has been questioning the female nude and the female status between object of desire and repulsion, through her performance pieces assembling dozens of women. Installations are often very similar to one another; the protagonists are almost or entirely nude filling the empty spaces in which they find themselves with their bodies. They are instructed not to move apart from to sit or lie down, to remain natural while ignoring the public’s gaze. In an interview with the Guardian newspaper, the artist explained, “This state of passivity is very easy for them; they’ve been well trained to behave like that throughout their lives.” Almost 53 performances, each one entitled VB01 ,VB02, VB03… refer to this body-object status that society either avidly consumes or fiercely rejects.   “This state of passivity is very easy for them; they’ve been well trained to behave like that throughout their lives.” Before assisting Kanye West on his short film “Runaway” and then the scenography of his Yeezy fashion shows, feminist artist Vanessa Beecroft was already well established on the American conceptual art scene. For the last 20 years the activist has been questioning the female nude and the female status between object of desire and repulsion, through her performance pieces assembling dozens of women. Installations are often very similar to one another; the protagonists are almost or entirely nude filling the empty spaces in which they find themselves with their bodies. They are instructed not to move apart from to sit or lie down, to remain natural while ignoring the public’s gaze. In an interview with the Guardian newspaper, the artist explained, “This state of passivity is very easy for them; they’ve been well trained to behave like that throughout their lives.” Almost 53 performances, each one entitled VB01 ,VB02, VB03… refer to this body-object status that society either avidly consumes or fiercely rejects.   “This state of passivity is very easy for them; they’ve been well trained to behave like that throughout their lives.” We had to wait until 2008 before the artist starting collaborating with Kanye West, a union that led to the scenography of the musician’s most spectacular Yeezy runway show. With the ultra-strong cast and a grandiose mise-en-scene, the fifty models became nothing short of living frescos fusing art, music and fashion. The duo’s work has not been without controversy however, like the Yeezy Season 4 show that took place in the Franklin D. Roosevelt Four Freedoms Park when after two hours of standing motionless beneath a searing sun, several models actually passed out. The fruitful friendship did eventually run its course and Yeezy Season 5 was not orchestrated by Vanessa Beecroft. A rupture that followed the polemic remarks made by the Italian artist about her proximity with the rapper: “I have divided my personality. There is Vanessa Beecroft as a European white female, and then there is Vanessa Beecroft as Kanye, an African-American male. I even did a DNA test thinking maybe I am black. I actually wasn’t but I want to do it again.”     “I have divided my personality. There is Vanessa Beecroft as a European white female, and then there is Vanessa Beecroft as Kanye, an African-American male. I even did a DNA test.” Before assisting Kanye West on his short film “Runaway” and then the scenography of his Yeezy fashion shows, feminist artist Vanessa Beecroft was already well established on the American conceptual art scene. For the last 20 years the activist has been questioning the female nude and the female status between object of desire and repulsion, through her performance pieces assembling dozens of women. Installations are often very similar to one another; the protagonists are almost or entirely nude filling the empty spaces in which they find themselves with their bodies. They are instructed not to move apart from to sit or lie down, to remain natural while ignoring the public’s gaze. In an interview with the Guardian newspaper, the artist explained, “This state of passivity is very easy for them; they’ve been well trained to behave like that throughout their lives.” Almost 53 performances, each one entitled VB01 ,VB02, VB03… refer to this body-object status that society either avidly consumes or fiercely rejects.   “This state of passivity is very easy for them; they’ve been well trained to behave like that throughout their lives.” We had to wait until 2008 before the artist starting collaborating with Kanye West, a union that led to the scenography of the musician’s most spectacular Yeezy runway show. With the ultra-strong cast and a grandiose mise-en-scene, the fifty models became nothing short of living frescos fusing art, music and fashion. The duo’s work has not been without controversy however, like the Yeezy Season 4 show that took place in the Franklin D. Roosevelt Four Freedoms Park when after two hours of standing motionless beneath a searing sun, several models actually passed out. The fruitful friendship did eventually run its course and Yeezy Season 5 was not orchestrated by Vanessa Beecroft. A rupture that followed the polemic remarks made by the Italian artist about her proximity with the rapper: “I have divided my personality. There is Vanessa Beecroft as a European white female, and then there is Vanessa Beecroft as Kanye, an African-American male. I even did a DNA test thinking maybe I am black. I actually wasn’t but I want to do it again.”     “I have divided my personality. There is Vanessa Beecroft as a European white female, and then there is Vanessa Beecroft as Kanye, an African-American male. I even did a DNA test.” But Vanessa Beecroft hadn’t waited for Kanye West to mix art and fashion in her performances. For the last few years she’s been nourishing a veritable passion for this world and the numerous designers whose clothes she features in her performances. Prada, Tom Ford, Helmut Lang, and Dolce & Gabbana are just some of the big names associated with her creations. It’s a means for the artist to carefully highlight and detail the body of the woman she exhibits. And inversely numerous houses and couture labels have invited her to stage their collections. From Valentino to Tod’s, the artist shows her living tableaux according to the reflection and the style of these big houses. Her latest collaboration has been with Sisley who called upon her services to illustrate its spring-summer 2017 campaign with collection theme being, “From order to chaos, from unity to division.”     Prada, Tom Ford, Helmut Lang, and even Dolce & Gabbana are just some of the big names associated with her creations.  Before assisting Kanye West on his short film “Runaway” and then the scenography of his Yeezy fashion shows, feminist artist Vanessa Beecroft was already well established on the American conceptual art scene. For the last 20 years the activist has been questioning the female nude and the female status between object of desire and repulsion, through her performance pieces assembling dozens of women. Installations are often very similar to one another; the protagonists are almost or entirely nude filling the empty spaces in which they find themselves with their bodies. They are instructed not to move apart from to sit or lie down, to remain natural while ignoring the public’s gaze. In an interview with the Guardian newspaper, the artist explained, “This state of passivity is very easy for them; they’ve been well trained to behave like that throughout their lives.” Almost 53 performances, each one entitled VB01 ,VB02, VB03… refer to this body-object status that society either avidly consumes or fiercely rejects.   “This state of passivity is very easy for them; they’ve been well trained to behave like that throughout their lives.” We had to wait until 2008 before the artist starting collaborating with Kanye West, a union that led to the scenography of the musician’s most spectacular Yeezy runway show. With the ultra-strong cast and a grandiose mise-en-scene, the fifty models became nothing short of living frescos fusing art, music and fashion. The duo’s work has not been without controversy however, like the Yeezy Season 4 show that took place in the Franklin D. Roosevelt Four Freedoms Park when after two hours of standing motionless beneath a searing sun, several models actually passed out. The fruitful friendship did eventually run its course and Yeezy Season 5 was not orchestrated by Vanessa Beecroft. A rupture that followed the polemic remarks made by the Italian artist about her proximity with the rapper: “I have divided my personality. There is Vanessa Beecroft as a European white female, and then there is Vanessa Beecroft as Kanye, an African-American male. I even did a DNA test thinking maybe I am black. I actually wasn’t but I want to do it again.”     “I have divided my personality. There is Vanessa Beecroft as a European white female, and then there is Vanessa Beecroft as Kanye, an African-American male. I even did a DNA test.” But Vanessa Beecroft hadn’t waited for Kanye West to mix art and fashion in her performances. For the last few years she’s been nourishing a veritable passion for this world and the numerous designers whose clothes she features in her performances. Prada, Tom Ford, Helmut Lang, and Dolce & Gabbana are just some of the big names associated with her creations. It’s a means for the artist to carefully highlight and detail the body of the woman she exhibits. And inversely numerous houses and couture labels have invited her to stage their collections. From Valentino to Tod’s, the artist shows her living tableaux according to the reflection and the style of these big houses. Her latest collaboration has been with Sisley who called upon her services to illustrate its spring-summer 2017 campaign with collection theme being, “From order to chaos, from unity to division.”     Prada, Tom Ford, Helmut Lang, and even Dolce & Gabbana are just some of the big names associated with her creations.  MORE: Cate Blanchett as a vagrant at the Paris Beaux-Arts​   WE RECOMMEND: What does Supreme have in store for us after its collaboration with Louis Vuitton?​ Realisation: Charles Varenne assisted by Emily Buckingham. Model: Maartje Verhoef from Women Management. Hair: Teddy Charles from The Wall Group. Make-up: Lisa Storey from The Wall Group. Nails: Abby Tau. Numerique: Jeffrey Pearson. Retouch: Dtouch. Production: Curt Weber from Management + Artists.   Realisation: Charles Varenne assisted by Emily Buckingham. Model: Maartje Verhoef from Women Management. Hair: Teddy Charles from The Wall Group. Make-up: Lisa Storey from The Wall Group. Nails: Abby Tau. Numerique: Jeffrey Pearson. Retouch: Dtouch. Production: Curt Weber from Management + Artists.   MORE: Exclusive: “After party”, a fashion story by Victor Demarchelier   WE RECOMMEND: Chanel, Longchamp and Louis Vuitton: find our selection of black & nude accessories​ Realisation: Rebecca Bleynie assisted by Fernando Damasceno. Model: Céline Bouly from Supreme Management. Hair: Gilles Degivry from Artlist. Make-up: Marie Duhart from Calliste Agency. Numérique : Jean Garcin. Production : JN Production. Snake charmer: Lia Vinova. Snakes: Pili-Pili (boa constrictor) and Bely (Pantherophis guttatus, corn snake).     MORE: Exclusive: the fashion story “La magie du trait” by Jacob Sutton​   WE RECOMMEND: A$ap Rocky continues his hip-hop collaboration with Guess originals​ MORE: Travis Scott launches his label Cactus Jack Records and other revelations​   WE RECOMMEND: Who is Kahlil Joseph, Beyoncé, Kendrick Lamar and Kenzo’s go-to director? An unusual muse   Karl Lagerfeld fell for her mother’s ingénue charm in 1991 and transformed her into a bird of paradise in a cult advert directed by Goude for the perfume Coco. With big dark eyes, child-like blonde hair, a graceful figure, jutting cheekbones and a pouting mouth, Lily possesses all her mother’s Lolita charms. So it came as no surprise that the house of Chanel snapped her up as one of its muses in 2015. Before Lily, legends including Marilyn Monroe, Catherine Deneuve and Carole Bouquet have all embodied the heiress of the liberated and modern Coco. Proof, if ever you needed it, that Lily is perfectly representative of her generation’s beauty: an alien with luscious lips and strangely bewitching large eyebrows. An unusual muse   Karl Lagerfeld fell for her mother’s ingénue charm in 1991 and transformed her into a bird of paradise in a cult advert directed by Goude for the perfume Coco. With big dark eyes, child-like blonde hair, a graceful figure, jutting cheekbones and a pouting mouth, Lily possesses all her mother’s Lolita charms. So it came as no surprise that the house of Chanel snapped her up as one of its muses in 2015. Before Lily, legends including Marilyn Monroe, Catherine Deneuve and Carole Bouquet have all embodied the heiress of the liberated and modern Coco. Proof, if ever you needed it, that Lily is perfectly representative of her generation’s beauty: an alien with luscious lips and strangely bewitching large eyebrows. A teenager like any other   Behind the media coverage and polished campaigns, Lily-Rose tries to behave like any other teenager. She shares her life on her blog Kalilyfornia, posting shots of herself in crop tops on her Instagram lily.depp and twerking on a TV show. Like numerous other millennials, she dresses like the Jenner sisters, goes out with her friends to concerts and gets dressed up at Halloween. She also has to deal with the same problems as all girls of her age. In 2016 she admitted to having been anorexic when she was younger and struggling to leave the house. The perfect icon of generation K, she isn’t an individualistic spoilt kid and recently worked on a Planned Parenthood campaign alongside her mother. An unusual muse   Karl Lagerfeld fell for her mother’s ingénue charm in 1991 and transformed her into a bird of paradise in a cult advert directed by Goude for the perfume Coco. With big dark eyes, child-like blonde hair, a graceful figure, jutting cheekbones and a pouting mouth, Lily possesses all her mother’s Lolita charms. So it came as no surprise that the house of Chanel snapped her up as one of its muses in 2015. Before Lily, legends including Marilyn Monroe, Catherine Deneuve and Carole Bouquet have all embodied the heiress of the liberated and modern Coco. Proof, if ever you needed it, that Lily is perfectly representative of her generation’s beauty: an alien with luscious lips and strangely bewitching large eyebrows. A teenager like any other   Behind the media coverage and polished campaigns, Lily-Rose tries to behave like any other teenager. She shares her life on her blog Kalilyfornia, posting shots of herself in crop tops on her Instagram lily.depp and twerking on a TV show. Like numerous other millennials, she dresses like the Jenner sisters, goes out with her friends to concerts and gets dressed up at Halloween. She also has to deal with the same problems as all girls of her age. In 2016 she admitted to having been anorexic when she was younger and struggling to leave the house. The perfect icon of generation K, she isn’t an individualistic spoilt kid and recently worked on a Planned Parenthood campaign alongside her mother. An Instagram star in spite of herself   Lily-Rose has a complicated relationship with her generation’s social platform of choice. It’s served as a springboard but she is wary. Hers is a love-hate relationship resulting from the hacking and removal of her account in 2015. Today 2.5 million fans follow her posted photos that are distinctly more controlled than before her media explosion. Between two photos from the Chanel show, she still doesn’t forget to post some more natural shots from her private life, of friends and family. The best moment on her account? Her revelations concerning her sexual fluidity in support of an LGBT photo project. Her father talked to the press at the time, “She isn’t scared to speak out. We are very close and I am very proud of our relationship. She is a sparkling girl and one of the most intelligent people I have met. Much more than me!” An unusual muse   Karl Lagerfeld fell for her mother’s ingénue charm in 1991 and transformed her into a bird of paradise in a cult advert directed by Goude for the perfume Coco. With big dark eyes, child-like blonde hair, a graceful figure, jutting cheekbones and a pouting mouth, Lily possesses all her mother’s Lolita charms. So it came as no surprise that the house of Chanel snapped her up as one of its muses in 2015. Before Lily, legends including Marilyn Monroe, Catherine Deneuve and Carole Bouquet have all embodied the heiress of the liberated and modern Coco. Proof, if ever you needed it, that Lily is perfectly representative of her generation’s beauty: an alien with luscious lips and strangely bewitching large eyebrows. A teenager like any other   Behind the media coverage and polished campaigns, Lily-Rose tries to behave like any other teenager. She shares her life on her blog Kalilyfornia, posting shots of herself in crop tops on her Instagram lily.depp and twerking on a TV show. Like numerous other millennials, she dresses like the Jenner sisters, goes out with her friends to concerts and gets dressed up at Halloween. She also has to deal with the same problems as all girls of her age. In 2016 she admitted to having been anorexic when she was younger and struggling to leave the house. The perfect icon of generation K, she isn’t an individualistic spoilt kid and recently worked on a Planned Parenthood campaign alongside her mother. An Instagram star in spite of herself   Lily-Rose has a complicated relationship with her generation’s social platform of choice. It’s served as a springboard but she is wary. Hers is a love-hate relationship resulting from the hacking and removal of her account in 2015. Today 2.5 million fans follow her posted photos that are distinctly more controlled than before her media explosion. Between two photos from the Chanel show, she still doesn’t forget to post some more natural shots from her private life, of friends and family. The best moment on her account? Her revelations concerning her sexual fluidity in support of an LGBT photo project. Her father talked to the press at the time, “She isn’t scared to speak out. We are very close and I am very proud of our relationship. She is a sparkling girl and one of the most intelligent people I have met. Much more than me!”     MORE: César 2017 newcomers: our top five actresses   WE RECOMMEND: See Lily-Rose Depp at the Chanel spring-summer 2017 couture show   MORE: Exclusive: the fashion portfolio "Maléfice" by Jeff Bark     WE RECOMMEND: “Anoche” - the genius of mutant electro Arca is back     Discovered by Kendrick Lamar   It was his short film “Until the Quiet Comes” for the group Flying Lotus, that first brought Khalil Joseph to Compton rapper Kendrick Lamar's attention. In this first film the director honed in on a hotspot for gang warfare and trafficking, the notorious Nickerson Gardens. Without any filters he portrayed the different communities living in the neighbourhood through a succession of shots, view points and characters in a sort of amateur video slash documentary. A visual and urban melting pot that instantly seduced Kendrick Lamar, who asked him to make a video for his album “Good kid, m.A.A.d city” released in 2012. With this video, shown throughout the “Yeesus” tour, Kahlil Joseph continued his mission to portray the Afro-American community in a just and realistic manner, free of the clichés that tend to stick. Discovered by Kendrick Lamar   It was his short film “Until the Quiet Comes” for the group Flying Lotus, that first brought Khalil Joseph to Compton rapper Kendrick Lamar's attention. In this first film the director honed in on a hotspot for gang warfare and trafficking, the notorious Nickerson Gardens. Without any filters he portrayed the different communities living in the neighbourhood through a succession of shots, view points and characters in a sort of amateur video slash documentary. A visual and urban melting pot that instantly seduced Kendrick Lamar, who asked him to make a video for his album “Good kid, m.A.A.d city” released in 2012. With this video, shown throughout the “Yeesus” tour, Kahlil Joseph continued his mission to portray the Afro-American community in a just and realistic manner, free of the clichés that tend to stick. From FKA Twigs to Terrence Malik   Kahlil Joseph continues his career in music, but is keen not to be confined to one status only. Taking a stance and political point of view systematically enters his cinematic creations. A good example of this is the video for FKA Twigs’s  “Video Girl”, as impactful as it is disturbing, taking place in an American prison with a death row detainee being administered a lethal injection. His projects have led to collaborations with big names on the art scene such as Terrence Malik for whom he directed the ‘making of’ for “To My Wonder”. The legendary director has had a clear influence on Kahlil’s work as seen in his visual epic “Lemonade” by Beyoncé, which also pays a vibrant tribute to David Lynch’s aesthetic. Discovered by Kendrick Lamar   It was his short film “Until the Quiet Comes” for the group Flying Lotus, that first brought Khalil Joseph to Compton rapper Kendrick Lamar's attention. In this first film the director honed in on a hotspot for gang warfare and trafficking, the notorious Nickerson Gardens. Without any filters he portrayed the different communities living in the neighbourhood through a succession of shots, view points and characters in a sort of amateur video slash documentary. A visual and urban melting pot that instantly seduced Kendrick Lamar, who asked him to make a video for his album “Good kid, m.A.A.d city” released in 2012. With this video, shown throughout the “Yeesus” tour, Kahlil Joseph continued his mission to portray the Afro-American community in a just and realistic manner, free of the clichés that tend to stick. From FKA Twigs to Terrence Malik   Kahlil Joseph continues his career in music, but is keen not to be confined to one status only. Taking a stance and political point of view systematically enters his cinematic creations. A good example of this is the video for FKA Twigs’s  “Video Girl”, as impactful as it is disturbing, taking place in an American prison with a death row detainee being administered a lethal injection. His projects have led to collaborations with big names on the art scene such as Terrence Malik for whom he directed the ‘making of’ for “To My Wonder”. The legendary director has had a clear influence on Kahlil’s work as seen in his visual epic “Lemonade” by Beyoncé, which also pays a vibrant tribute to David Lynch’s aesthetic. A foot in the door of fashion for Kenzo   The list of projects doesn’t stop there and at the start of the year the director made a 12-minute film on the house of Kenzo’s spring-summer 2017 collection. It’s a poetic fable starring on the activist and actor Jesse Williams, actress Tracee Ellis Ross and singer Kelsey Lu. The short film embodies everything that makes Khalil Joseph’s signature: rapid succession of shots, alternating rhythms and a powerful soundtrack by Shabazz Palace, the hip hop crew with a serious flow. Described by Kenzo as a “geometrically variable film”, it fuses genres while displaying the director's entire artistic palette. In an interview with American media The Fader, he confirmed he’d love to work with other designers like Martin Margiela and Dries Van Noten. Discovered by Kendrick Lamar   It was his short film “Until the Quiet Comes” for the group Flying Lotus, that first brought Khalil Joseph to Compton rapper Kendrick Lamar's attention. In this first film the director honed in on a hotspot for gang warfare and trafficking, the notorious Nickerson Gardens. Without any filters he portrayed the different communities living in the neighbourhood through a succession of shots, view points and characters in a sort of amateur video slash documentary. A visual and urban melting pot that instantly seduced Kendrick Lamar, who asked him to make a video for his album “Good kid, m.A.A.d city” released in 2012. With this video, shown throughout the “Yeesus” tour, Kahlil Joseph continued his mission to portray the Afro-American community in a just and realistic manner, free of the clichés that tend to stick. From FKA Twigs to Terrence Malik   Kahlil Joseph continues his career in music, but is keen not to be confined to one status only. Taking a stance and political point of view systematically enters his cinematic creations. A good example of this is the video for FKA Twigs’s  “Video Girl”, as impactful as it is disturbing, taking place in an American prison with a death row detainee being administered a lethal injection. His projects have led to collaborations with big names on the art scene such as Terrence Malik for whom he directed the ‘making of’ for “To My Wonder”. The legendary director has had a clear influence on Kahlil’s work as seen in his visual epic “Lemonade” by Beyoncé, which also pays a vibrant tribute to David Lynch’s aesthetic. A foot in the door of fashion for Kenzo   The list of projects doesn’t stop there and at the start of the year the director made a 12-minute film on the house of Kenzo’s spring-summer 2017 collection. It’s a poetic fable starring on the activist and actor Jesse Williams, actress Tracee Ellis Ross and singer Kelsey Lu. The short film embodies everything that makes Khalil Joseph’s signature: rapid succession of shots, alternating rhythms and a powerful soundtrack by Shabazz Palace, the hip hop crew with a serious flow. Described by Kenzo as a “geometrically variable film”, it fuses genres while displaying the director's entire artistic palette. In an interview with American media The Fader, he confirmed he’d love to work with other designers like Martin Margiela and Dries Van Noten. From music videos to contemporary art   Kahlil Joseph's videos and short films aren’t just destined to life of repetition on MTV and have caught the eye of various museums and galleries including the MoCA in Los Angeles. In 2015 the contemporary art museum exhibited the director’s first short film “m.a.a.d” through different video installations in an attempt to question the link between music videos, amateur videos and realist cinema. The scenography consisted of two big screens onto which the film was projected, reminiscent of the "Double Consciousness” or “Double-conscience” concept of sociologist and historian W.E.B Du Bois who highlighted the dual identities of the black American population, attempting to accept itself as both American and African. An identity crisis that’s hard to highlight but when linked to a powerful hip hop scene and incisive directing, can reach a wide audience. Exactly what Kahlil Joseph excels at...     MORE: Who is Frank Ocean, everyone’s favourite rapper?   WE RECOMMEND: Beyoncé releases two new videos from her musical epic “Lemonade” Realisation: Irina Marie assisted by Fernando Damasceno. Model: Katlin Aas from Women Management. Hair: Neil Moodie for Windle&Moodie from Bryant Artists. Make-up: Hiromi Ueda for M.A.C Cosmetics from Julian Watson Agency. Manucure: Veronica Butenko for Butter London Nail Foundation. Set: Gary Card from Streeters. Numerique: David English. Retouch: Spring Post. Production: Thea Charlesworth from D+V Management.   MORE: "Mirage" fashion story by Txema Yeste   WE RECOMMEND: "Le diable au corps" by Greg Kadel Starring Catherine McNeil and Anastasia Khodkina Body in tulle and satin, LA PERLA. Mask, HEATHER HUEY. Rings, SARINA SURIANO. Production: Charles Varenne assisted by Lotte Elisa Agulló-Collins and Chelsea Rizzo. Model: Catherine McNeil from Oui Management. Hair style: Rick Gradone from Atelier Management. Make-up: Marla Belt from Streeters. Retouching and digital: Jeff Bark Studio. Production: Gina Amama from Management+Artists.   MORE: Exclusive: "Mirage" fashion story by Txema Yeste   WE RECOMMEND: "Le diable au corps" by Greg Kadel Starring Catherine McNeil and Anastasia Khodkina Fatima Al Qadiri   Journalist, fine artist, curator and musician, originally from Kuwait, Fatima Al Qadiri uses various media to approach themes that range from police brutality to people uprisings. Her latest LP “Brute” is awash with mystical electro imbued with powerful beats that deals with the concept of authority, its abuse and downward spirals. Fatima Al Qadiri   Journalist, fine artist, curator and musician, originally from Kuwait, Fatima Al Qadiri uses various media to approach themes that range from police brutality to people uprisings. Her latest LP “Brute” is awash with mystical electro imbued with powerful beats that deals with the concept of authority, its abuse and downward spirals. Golshifté Farahani   Daughter of actor and director Behzad Farahani, the magnetic Golshifté Farahani has worked with the biggest names in the business from Christophe Honoré to Ridley Scott. Exiled by the Iranian authorities following her role in “Body of Lies” in which she appeared without a headscarf, the actress oscillates between Hollywood and France, between blockbusters and indie films punctuated with stage plays such as Gaëtan Vassart’s sublime adaptation of Anna Karenina. Fatima Al Qadiri   Journalist, fine artist, curator and musician, originally from Kuwait, Fatima Al Qadiri uses various media to approach themes that range from police brutality to people uprisings. Her latest LP “Brute” is awash with mystical electro imbued with powerful beats that deals with the concept of authority, its abuse and downward spirals. Golshifté Farahani   Daughter of actor and director Behzad Farahani, the magnetic Golshifté Farahani has worked with the biggest names in the business from Christophe Honoré to Ridley Scott. Exiled by the Iranian authorities following her role in “Body of Lies” in which she appeared without a headscarf, the actress oscillates between Hollywood and France, between blockbusters and indie films punctuated with stage plays such as Gaëtan Vassart’s sublime adaptation of Anna Karenina. Hayv Kahraman   Hayv Kahraman is an Iraqi artist living in Los Angeles. Using drawing, painting and sculpture, she portrays the realities of submission suffered by woman in her homeland. Her stories and experiences are translated in paint and exhibited at the Saatchi Gallery in London and the Third Line Gallery in Dubai. Fatima Al Qadiri   Journalist, fine artist, curator and musician, originally from Kuwait, Fatima Al Qadiri uses various media to approach themes that range from police brutality to people uprisings. Her latest LP “Brute” is awash with mystical electro imbued with powerful beats that deals with the concept of authority, its abuse and downward spirals. Golshifté Farahani   Daughter of actor and director Behzad Farahani, the magnetic Golshifté Farahani has worked with the biggest names in the business from Christophe Honoré to Ridley Scott. Exiled by the Iranian authorities following her role in “Body of Lies” in which she appeared without a headscarf, the actress oscillates between Hollywood and France, between blockbusters and indie films punctuated with stage plays such as Gaëtan Vassart’s sublime adaptation of Anna Karenina. Hayv Kahraman   Hayv Kahraman is an Iraqi artist living in Los Angeles. Using drawing, painting and sculpture, she portrays the realities of submission suffered by woman in her homeland. Her stories and experiences are translated in paint and exhibited at the Saatchi Gallery in London and the Third Line Gallery in Dubai. Negar Azimi   Head of the cultural magazine “Bidoun”, named Best International Magazine by the Independant press awards, Negar Azimi uncovers the artistic avant-garde of the Middle East. For “Bidoun”, she regularly collaborates with talented folk such as MIA and serious writers like Ohran Pamuk. Fatima Al Qadiri   Journalist, fine artist, curator and musician, originally from Kuwait, Fatima Al Qadiri uses various media to approach themes that range from police brutality to people uprisings. Her latest LP “Brute” is awash with mystical electro imbued with powerful beats that deals with the concept of authority, its abuse and downward spirals. Golshifté Farahani   Daughter of actor and director Behzad Farahani, the magnetic Golshifté Farahani has worked with the biggest names in the business from Christophe Honoré to Ridley Scott. Exiled by the Iranian authorities following her role in “Body of Lies” in which she appeared without a headscarf, the actress oscillates between Hollywood and France, between blockbusters and indie films punctuated with stage plays such as Gaëtan Vassart’s sublime adaptation of Anna Karenina. Hayv Kahraman   Hayv Kahraman is an Iraqi artist living in Los Angeles. Using drawing, painting and sculpture, she portrays the realities of submission suffered by woman in her homeland. Her stories and experiences are translated in paint and exhibited at the Saatchi Gallery in London and the Third Line Gallery in Dubai. Negar Azimi   Head of the cultural magazine “Bidoun”, named Best International Magazine by the Independant press awards, Negar Azimi uncovers the artistic avant-garde of the Middle East. For “Bidoun”, she regularly collaborates with talented folk such as MIA and serious writers like Ohran Pamuk. Sadaf H. Nava   Sadaf H. Nava is a New York performance artist born in Iran. A big name at the “Performa” biennale, the young artist puts music at the heart of her creations with sounds that trip between Parisian trap, Ghanaian dance-hall and Angolan kuduro. Fatima Al Qadiri   Journalist, fine artist, curator and musician, originally from Kuwait, Fatima Al Qadiri uses various media to approach themes that range from police brutality to people uprisings. Her latest LP “Brute” is awash with mystical electro imbued with powerful beats that deals with the concept of authority, its abuse and downward spirals. Golshifté Farahani   Daughter of actor and director Behzad Farahani, the magnetic Golshifté Farahani has worked with the biggest names in the business from Christophe Honoré to Ridley Scott. Exiled by the Iranian authorities following her role in “Body of Lies” in which she appeared without a headscarf, the actress oscillates between Hollywood and France, between blockbusters and indie films punctuated with stage plays such as Gaëtan Vassart’s sublime adaptation of Anna Karenina. Hayv Kahraman   Hayv Kahraman is an Iraqi artist living in Los Angeles. Using drawing, painting and sculpture, she portrays the realities of submission suffered by woman in her homeland. Her stories and experiences are translated in paint and exhibited at the Saatchi Gallery in London and the Third Line Gallery in Dubai. Negar Azimi   Head of the cultural magazine “Bidoun”, named Best International Magazine by the Independant press awards, Negar Azimi uncovers the artistic avant-garde of the Middle East. For “Bidoun”, she regularly collaborates with talented folk such as MIA and serious writers like Ohran Pamuk. Sadaf H. Nava   Sadaf H. Nava is a New York performance artist born in Iran. A big name at the “Performa” biennale, the young artist puts music at the heart of her creations with sounds that trip between Parisian trap, Ghanaian dance-hall and Angolan kuduro. Yasmina Benabdelkrim   Yasmina Benabdelkrim is a fashion stylist trained at the Paris Chambre Syndicale de la Couture. After having fine-honed her talents alongside designer Diane Von Furstenberg, she became a stylist for different fashion and music personnalities and styled the model Mayka Merino and the artist Petite Meller, she also assisted the famous American stylist Patti wilson.        AcneStudios, spring-summer 2017 collection photographed by Paolo Roversi.   More: Backstage at the spring-summer 2016 Acne Studios collection by Mehdi Mendas.   We recommend: Who is Todd Hido, the artist behind Bottega Veneta’s latest campaign?     “The first Walter Van Beirendonck catwalk show, 25 minutes of complete chaos followed by an incredible ovation.”   The first time I met Walter was in 1988, when I was working as a press officer for Moschino, based between Milan and Paris. I was 24 and very curious; I was always looking for something new in the milieu. And I came across this collection on the Italian scene that was quite extraordinary, a sportswear collection with sweatshirts in luminous colours with jacquard and animal prints. The brand was called Rhinosaurus Rex, I did some research and found out that the guy behind it was a young Belgian designer called Walter Van Beirendonck. I asked to meet him but was working under an exclusive contract with Moschino so I couldn’t do much to promote him at the time. We had to wait until 1991 when I started my own press office, Totem, a little business that represented a dozen designers. The intention was always to unveil the best designers to the best fashion magazines. It was the ideal moment to work together because he’d just launched his own brand “W&LT”, a line destined for a younger tech-savvy generation, with incredible visual codes: bright colours, neoprene, latex, clothes borrowing from the sports world like cycling t-shirts. In one word, revolutionary! His first show at the Lido was a triumph; a hoard of 40 models walked the runway to screaming techno music before the journalists - Suzy Menkes, Hamish Bowles – had even had a chance to sit down. It was 25 minutes of total chaos and then an incredible standing ovation. Walter’s career was launched.  “The first Walter Van Beirendonck catwalk show, 25 minutes of complete chaos followed by an incredible ovation.”   The first time I met Walter was in 1988, when I was working as a press officer for Moschino, based between Milan and Paris. I was 24 and very curious; I was always looking for something new in the milieu. And I came across this collection on the Italian scene that was quite extraordinary, a sportswear collection with sweatshirts in luminous colours with jacquard and animal prints. The brand was called Rhinosaurus Rex, I did some research and found out that the guy behind it was a young Belgian designer called Walter Van Beirendonck. I asked to meet him but was working under an exclusive contract with Moschino so I couldn’t do much to promote him at the time. We had to wait until 1991 when I started my own press office, Totem, a little business that represented a dozen designers. The intention was always to unveil the best designers to the best fashion magazines. It was the ideal moment to work together because he’d just launched his own brand “W&LT”, a line destined for a younger tech-savvy generation, with incredible visual codes: bright colours, neoprene, latex, clothes borrowing from the sports world like cycling t-shirts. In one word, revolutionary! His first show at the Lido was a triumph; a hoard of 40 models walked the runway to screaming techno music before the journalists - Suzy Menkes, Hamish Bowles – had even had a chance to sit down. It was 25 minutes of total chaos and then an incredible standing ovation. Walter’s career was launched.  “Raf Simons, a pretty boy with diaphanous skin, tall, slim, with crazy style.”   That was what I thought about Raf Simons the first time I met him at Walter’s studio. He was wearing a pair of vintage 70s flared trousers, white sneakers, and a very tight black sweater with an architectural cut. He was the intern and took care of designing the showroom. For that event he’d created furniture under Walter’s direction and was also studying architecture at the Royal Academy of Fine Arts in Antwerp. With his sense of style and clear attraction to fashion, I asked him to do a capsule collection of 4 sweatshirts, 2 shirts and a pair of trousers. We presented the collection to buyers and journalists and it was an instant success. The strong image of the garments seduced everyone straight away: it was like a rebellious teen, a boy from the wrong side of town with a nonchalant allure all while being incredibly well cut and well-conceived. On the strength of that success he did his own show and began the career we all know him for today! I am delighted to see him at Calvin Klein; I think he’ll be very happy there. He can use his architectural streak, his sense of scenography and above all that aestheticism that defines him.    “The first Walter Van Beirendonck catwalk show, 25 minutes of complete chaos followed by an incredible ovation.”   The first time I met Walter was in 1988, when I was working as a press officer for Moschino, based between Milan and Paris. I was 24 and very curious; I was always looking for something new in the milieu. And I came across this collection on the Italian scene that was quite extraordinary, a sportswear collection with sweatshirts in luminous colours with jacquard and animal prints. The brand was called Rhinosaurus Rex, I did some research and found out that the guy behind it was a young Belgian designer called Walter Van Beirendonck. I asked to meet him but was working under an exclusive contract with Moschino so I couldn’t do much to promote him at the time. We had to wait until 1991 when I started my own press office, Totem, a little business that represented a dozen designers. The intention was always to unveil the best designers to the best fashion magazines. It was the ideal moment to work together because he’d just launched his own brand “W&LT”, a line destined for a younger tech-savvy generation, with incredible visual codes: bright colours, neoprene, latex, clothes borrowing from the sports world like cycling t-shirts. In one word, revolutionary! His first show at the Lido was a triumph; a hoard of 40 models walked the runway to screaming techno music before the journalists - Suzy Menkes, Hamish Bowles – had even had a chance to sit down. It was 25 minutes of total chaos and then an incredible standing ovation. Walter’s career was launched.  “Raf Simons, a pretty boy with diaphanous skin, tall, slim, with crazy style.”   That was what I thought about Raf Simons the first time I met him at Walter’s studio. He was wearing a pair of vintage 70s flared trousers, white sneakers, and a very tight black sweater with an architectural cut. He was the intern and took care of designing the showroom. For that event he’d created furniture under Walter’s direction and was also studying architecture at the Royal Academy of Fine Arts in Antwerp. With his sense of style and clear attraction to fashion, I asked him to do a capsule collection of 4 sweatshirts, 2 shirts and a pair of trousers. We presented the collection to buyers and journalists and it was an instant success. The strong image of the garments seduced everyone straight away: it was like a rebellious teen, a boy from the wrong side of town with a nonchalant allure all while being incredibly well cut and well-conceived. On the strength of that success he did his own show and began the career we all know him for today! I am delighted to see him at Calvin Klein; I think he’ll be very happy there. He can use his architectural streak, his sense of scenography and above all that aestheticism that defines him.    “Jean Charles de Castelbajac, an enthusiast, a cultivated designer bursting with literary and artistic references.”   In 1989 Jean-Charles came to see me because he was in something of a trough. For him and other designers like Thierry Mugler and Claude Montana, the 80s hype was starting to evaporate. I was touched by this crazy fashion guy, and I just loved him from the moment we met. He’s an enthusiast, a cultivated designer bursting with literary and artistic references. We just need to rejuvenate his “old France” codes so that a younger fashion scene could rediscover his work. That’s why we decided to use the monogram J.C.V.D combined with an edgier casting and we were off!  “The first Walter Van Beirendonck catwalk show, 25 minutes of complete chaos followed by an incredible ovation.”   The first time I met Walter was in 1988, when I was working as a press officer for Moschino, based between Milan and Paris. I was 24 and very curious; I was always looking for something new in the milieu. And I came across this collection on the Italian scene that was quite extraordinary, a sportswear collection with sweatshirts in luminous colours with jacquard and animal prints. The brand was called Rhinosaurus Rex, I did some research and found out that the guy behind it was a young Belgian designer called Walter Van Beirendonck. I asked to meet him but was working under an exclusive contract with Moschino so I couldn’t do much to promote him at the time. We had to wait until 1991 when I started my own press office, Totem, a little business that represented a dozen designers. The intention was always to unveil the best designers to the best fashion magazines. It was the ideal moment to work together because he’d just launched his own brand “W&LT”, a line destined for a younger tech-savvy generation, with incredible visual codes: bright colours, neoprene, latex, clothes borrowing from the sports world like cycling t-shirts. In one word, revolutionary! His first show at the Lido was a triumph; a hoard of 40 models walked the runway to screaming techno music before the journalists - Suzy Menkes, Hamish Bowles – had even had a chance to sit down. It was 25 minutes of total chaos and then an incredible standing ovation. Walter’s career was launched.  “Raf Simons, a pretty boy with diaphanous skin, tall, slim, with crazy style.”   That was what I thought about Raf Simons the first time I met him at Walter’s studio. He was wearing a pair of vintage 70s flared trousers, white sneakers, and a very tight black sweater with an architectural cut. He was the intern and took care of designing the showroom. For that event he’d created furniture under Walter’s direction and was also studying architecture at the Royal Academy of Fine Arts in Antwerp. With his sense of style and clear attraction to fashion, I asked him to do a capsule collection of 4 sweatshirts, 2 shirts and a pair of trousers. We presented the collection to buyers and journalists and it was an instant success. The strong image of the garments seduced everyone straight away: it was like a rebellious teen, a boy from the wrong side of town with a nonchalant allure all while being incredibly well cut and well-conceived. On the strength of that success he did his own show and began the career we all know him for today! I am delighted to see him at Calvin Klein; I think he’ll be very happy there. He can use his architectural streak, his sense of scenography and above all that aestheticism that defines him.    “Jean Charles de Castelbajac, an enthusiast, a cultivated designer bursting with literary and artistic references.”   In 1989 Jean-Charles came to see me because he was in something of a trough. For him and other designers like Thierry Mugler and Claude Montana, the 80s hype was starting to evaporate. I was touched by this crazy fashion guy, and I just loved him from the moment we met. He’s an enthusiast, a cultivated designer bursting with literary and artistic references. We just need to rejuvenate his “old France” codes so that a younger fashion scene could rediscover his work. That’s why we decided to use the monogram J.C.V.D combined with an edgier casting and we were off!  “Vivienne Westwood and I never quite got off the ground.”   Back then I saw Vivienne Westwood as the English Comme des Garcons, a super-creative and totally over-dressed designer. When she launched her own brand without a penny in her pocket, she asked me to be part of the adventure. How could I say no? I was totally seduced by her baroque punk style inspired by 18th century paintings with those pompadour dresses topped with a splash of trashy English sauce. It was clearly set to be such an exciting and stimulating project but happened at a time when I was completely broke. It was all very well Vivienne telling me over and over that the money was coming but I couldn’t even pay my rent in London and it all just got very complicated. So I had to end that short but intense collaboration, such a beautiful project that sadly ended too soon! “The first Walter Van Beirendonck catwalk show, 25 minutes of complete chaos followed by an incredible ovation.”   The first time I met Walter was in 1988, when I was working as a press officer for Moschino, based between Milan and Paris. I was 24 and very curious; I was always looking for something new in the milieu. And I came across this collection on the Italian scene that was quite extraordinary, a sportswear collection with sweatshirts in luminous colours with jacquard and animal prints. The brand was called Rhinosaurus Rex, I did some research and found out that the guy behind it was a young Belgian designer called Walter Van Beirendonck. I asked to meet him but was working under an exclusive contract with Moschino so I couldn’t do much to promote him at the time. We had to wait until 1991 when I started my own press office, Totem, a little business that represented a dozen designers. The intention was always to unveil the best designers to the best fashion magazines. It was the ideal moment to work together because he’d just launched his own brand “W&LT”, a line destined for a younger tech-savvy generation, with incredible visual codes: bright colours, neoprene, latex, clothes borrowing from the sports world like cycling t-shirts. In one word, revolutionary! His first show at the Lido was a triumph; a hoard of 40 models walked the runway to screaming techno music before the journalists - Suzy Menkes, Hamish Bowles – had even had a chance to sit down. It was 25 minutes of total chaos and then an incredible standing ovation. Walter’s career was launched.  “Raf Simons, a pretty boy with diaphanous skin, tall, slim, with crazy style.”   That was what I thought about Raf Simons the first time I met him at Walter’s studio. He was wearing a pair of vintage 70s flared trousers, white sneakers, and a very tight black sweater with an architectural cut. He was the intern and took care of designing the showroom. For that event he’d created furniture under Walter’s direction and was also studying architecture at the Royal Academy of Fine Arts in Antwerp. With his sense of style and clear attraction to fashion, I asked him to do a capsule collection of 4 sweatshirts, 2 shirts and a pair of trousers. We presented the collection to buyers and journalists and it was an instant success. The strong image of the garments seduced everyone straight away: it was like a rebellious teen, a boy from the wrong side of town with a nonchalant allure all while being incredibly well cut and well-conceived. On the strength of that success he did his own show and began the career we all know him for today! I am delighted to see him at Calvin Klein; I think he’ll be very happy there. He can use his architectural streak, his sense of scenography and above all that aestheticism that defines him.    “Jean Charles de Castelbajac, an enthusiast, a cultivated designer bursting with literary and artistic references.”   In 1989 Jean-Charles came to see me because he was in something of a trough. For him and other designers like Thierry Mugler and Claude Montana, the 80s hype was starting to evaporate. I was touched by this crazy fashion guy, and I just loved him from the moment we met. He’s an enthusiast, a cultivated designer bursting with literary and artistic references. We just need to rejuvenate his “old France” codes so that a younger fashion scene could rediscover his work. That’s why we decided to use the monogram J.C.V.D combined with an edgier casting and we were off!  “Vivienne Westwood and I never quite got off the ground.”   Back then I saw Vivienne Westwood as the English Comme des Garcons, a super-creative and totally over-dressed designer. When she launched her own brand without a penny in her pocket, she asked me to be part of the adventure. How could I say no? I was totally seduced by her baroque punk style inspired by 18th century paintings with those pompadour dresses topped with a splash of trashy English sauce. It was clearly set to be such an exciting and stimulating project but happened at a time when I was completely broke. It was all very well Vivienne telling me over and over that the money was coming but I couldn’t even pay my rent in London and it all just got very complicated. So I had to end that short but intense collaboration, such a beautiful project that sadly ended too soon! “A loving friendship with Isabella Blow.”   For a press officer the heart of the job is made up of relationships with fashion editors, who, when they have talent, become true sources of inspiration and motivation. And sometimes they become our best friends; we establish really loving friendships with them. That was exactly what happened with Isabella Blow. I met her in London at the 3rd Alexander McQueen show. She was seated in the front row dressed head-to-toe in Alexander McQueen embodying her fantastical and funny character, living 1000% for fashion. She was adored by everyone and courted by the press no end, but she loved it. She sought reassurance in catching everyone’s attention, and she was quite fascinating. She showed interest in my work straight away and in particular an American who had no money but such incredible energy and imagination, who was offering something completely different. It was Jeremy Scott. Isabella became his spokesperson along with Babeth Djian and Carine Roitfeld. These three women really supported Jeremy; they loved his work and went against the rules of the advertisers by imposing this young designer within their fashion shoots. That clique goes to every show, animated by a genuine curiosity towards the designers.    "Kuki De Salvertes, La Vie dans la Mode" at the Joyce Gallery, 168 Galerie de Valois, Ist Paris. On until January 31st 2017. The exhibition catalogue can be bought here.    A love of knitwear and Tilda Swinton’s glamour    Ever since she started knitwear has been a guiding principle in Clare Waight Keller's work. After an MA in Fashion Knitwear at the Royal College of Arts, she took the reins at Pringle of Scotland, the Scottish house specialising in cashmere which she would bring to the fashion fore notably by making actress Tilda Swinton her muse. Stunning wools, a bit of story-telling, a dash of glamour… the formula was established.  A love of knitwear and Tilda Swinton’s glamour    Ever since she started knitwear has been a guiding principle in Clare Waight Keller's work. After an MA in Fashion Knitwear at the Royal College of Arts, she took the reins at Pringle of Scotland, the Scottish house specialising in cashmere which she would bring to the fashion fore notably by making actress Tilda Swinton her muse. Stunning wools, a bit of story-telling, a dash of glamour… the formula was established.  Meeting Tom Ford   It was alongside Tom Ford at Gucci, from 2000, that Clare Waight Keller learnt the tricks of the fashion trade: how to balance creation with marketing, how to make a brand's identity so strong that even the smallest accessory will fly off the shelves… A love of knitwear and Tilda Swinton’s glamour    Ever since she started knitwear has been a guiding principle in Clare Waight Keller's work. After an MA in Fashion Knitwear at the Royal College of Arts, she took the reins at Pringle of Scotland, the Scottish house specialising in cashmere which she would bring to the fashion fore notably by making actress Tilda Swinton her muse. Stunning wools, a bit of story-telling, a dash of glamour… the formula was established.  Meeting Tom Ford   It was alongside Tom Ford at Gucci, from 2000, that Clare Waight Keller learnt the tricks of the fashion trade: how to balance creation with marketing, how to make a brand's identity so strong that even the smallest accessory will fly off the shelves… The Chloé Attitude   More than just clothes, Clare Waight Keller established a veritable Chloé attitude: “the most striking code at the house is the sense of movement, fluid dresses, hair blowing in the wind”, she recently told Numéro. From the Haim sisters, sparkling Californian rockers in subtly 70s looks, to Isabelle Huppert who walked the red carpet at Cannes for her film Elle in a made-to-measure Chloé outfit, Clare Waight Keller's muses are free spirits, women who opt for effortless chic and no disguises.  A love of knitwear and Tilda Swinton’s glamour    Ever since she started knitwear has been a guiding principle in Clare Waight Keller's work. After an MA in Fashion Knitwear at the Royal College of Arts, she took the reins at Pringle of Scotland, the Scottish house specialising in cashmere which she would bring to the fashion fore notably by making actress Tilda Swinton her muse. Stunning wools, a bit of story-telling, a dash of glamour… the formula was established.  Meeting Tom Ford   It was alongside Tom Ford at Gucci, from 2000, that Clare Waight Keller learnt the tricks of the fashion trade: how to balance creation with marketing, how to make a brand's identity so strong that even the smallest accessory will fly off the shelves… The Chloé Attitude   More than just clothes, Clare Waight Keller established a veritable Chloé attitude: “the most striking code at the house is the sense of movement, fluid dresses, hair blowing in the wind”, she recently told Numéro. From the Haim sisters, sparkling Californian rockers in subtly 70s looks, to Isabelle Huppert who walked the red carpet at Cannes for her film Elle in a made-to-measure Chloé outfit, Clare Waight Keller's muses are free spirits, women who opt for effortless chic and no disguises.  The art of mixing   During her six years at the helm of Chloé, Clare Waight Keller knew how to nuance and renew her fashion discourse season after season by cleverly juggling the complimentary facets of her Chloé girl. Pure lines, simplicity and soft tailoring denoted the Parisian identity of the house… Long fluid dresses undulating in the breeze, a touch of romance and a timeless femininity that are at the heart of 70s bohemian Chloé… Boyish sporty details anchoring the style in English streetwear with assumed 90s references… Accessories with ultra-desirable jewelled details, rings and fun alphabet charms… Under Clare’s rein, every woman could appropriate a bit of the Chloé identity. An art of mixing that the beautiful English woman will no doubt take with her on her new adventures.   From the first performance shows orchestrated by Alexander McQueen to the beauty of the Chanel Haute couture runways of the 2000s, Alix Browne’s book looks back at the most innovative and creative runway shows of the last 20 years. Far from being an exhaustive list enumerating the designers and their collections, the author prefers to zoom in on the theatricality, the production challenges and the most emblematic of artistic motivations. It’s a reflection on the mise-en-scene of the clothing without failing to omit the purely fashion aspect of the runway show, through so many unpublished and often previously unseen photographs. Alix Browne offers us complete immersion in this fabulously flamboyant world. She explains in the introduction of the book that it was in 1995 at Alexander McQueen’s "Highland Rape" show where the models stabbed each other in unprecedented violence, ripping their tulle and tartans as if possessed by the devil, that she truly realised the power of such an event.    Runway: The Spectacle of Fashion by Alix Browne now available, Rizzoli. www.rizzoliusa.com   Black is a code that both Adidas and your brand have in common, was that the starting point for you? Black corresponds above all with a sort of urban uniform and so for me if was perfectly logical to propose a first collection that was mainly that colour.   Why did you do a unisex collection? Our era is marked by this gender fluidity, a new phenomenon that cannot be ignored. This unisex collection is simply a reflection of that aspect of the world.   You’re one of the designers revered by the millennial generation, how would you describe their interests and values?  If young people today recognise themselves in my brand, it’s because it draws inspiration from their own culture which celebrates individuality and finding oneself in little groups around shared values. What’s so fascinating with them is the very fact that their interests are so pluralistic and diverse, and that their culture is always unpredictable.        “If young people today recognise themselves in my brand, it’s because it draws inspiration from their own culture.”   Black is a code that both Adidas and your brand have in common, was that the starting point for you? Black corresponds above all with a sort of urban uniform and so for me if was perfectly logical to propose a first collection that was mainly that colour.   Why did you do a unisex collection? Our era is marked by this gender fluidity, a new phenomenon that cannot be ignored. This unisex collection is simply a reflection of that aspect of the world.   You’re one of the designers revered by the millennial generation, how would you describe their interests and values?  If young people today recognise themselves in my brand, it’s because it draws inspiration from their own culture which celebrates individuality and finding oneself in little groups around shared values. What’s so fascinating with them is the very fact that their interests are so pluralistic and diverse, and that their culture is always unpredictable.        “If young people today recognise themselves in my brand, it’s because it draws inspiration from their own culture.”   Was it important to you to shoot the campaign in New York? Yes, because the Alexander Wang brand is inspired by New York as much as it is a part of the New York landscape. Adidas is a pillar of New York street culture. The clothing black market and street vendors are a part of streetwear culture and my first Adidas Originals collection alludes to this very urban phenomenon. So New York was the perfect place to shoot the campaign with Juergen Teller.      Adidas Originals by Alexander Wang, available from February 18th, www.adidas.com.        Find our interview of Alexander Wang on the occasion of the brand’s 10-year anniversary. Gosha Rubchinskiy, spearhead of statement streetwear with its underground edge, never stops reinventing the men's fashion scene. In 2008 he presented his first ever runway show at the alternative Fashion Week in Moscow, revealing his passion for a Russian street culture in a serious state of flux and his obsession with a post-soviet youth. Playing with logos, his collaboration with big streetwear brands of the 1990s such as Fila and an exciting street casting instantly made him the number one name in contemporary urban fashion. A designer, but also photographer and director he reveals Russia today as much through the prism of clothing as his photographic lens. Series of photos such as Youth Hotel depict a Moscow without any filters or artifice where the muscovite cool kids reign supreme.    For his new Autumn-Winter 2017 collection, the brand set up camp for the first time in Kaliningrad in Russia. At the end of the show, the designer stated how much he "liked the idea of a part of Russia installed in the middle of Europe." After a particularly well-received presentation in Florence last June, this choice of location demonstrates Rubchinskiy's desire to create a symbolic link with the West, just as he completes an unprecedented collaboration with the German giant Adidas. The runway show presented a collection inspired by the world of football, harnessing the codes that have become the label's signature: sharp tailoring and sportswear steeped in history and Russian tradition, with headwear designed by British milliner, Stephen Jones.    Find Gosha Rubchinskiy x Comme des Garçons beauty collaboration Find Gosha Rubchinskiy spring-summer 2017 runway show photographed by Yulya Shadrinsky   FKA Twigs unveils the new Nike campaign and a highly original video for which she was the artistic director. In it we see an intoxicating choreography of different dancers and athletes including Saskia Horton, a krumping specialist, and Jay Kirton, the karate world champion. For FKA Twigs there was a need to illustrate a message that’s all about surpassing yourself: “I chose a group of incredible athletes who take their corporality incredibly seriously and who have their own idea of style, in order to encourage people to lead a healthy lifestyle and understand, through all sports, that they can become a better version of themselves,” she emphasises. She’s also responsible for the music with its vibrating energy pulsing through the campaign video, a mind-blowing electro that reminds us of her medium-length film "Soundtrack 7".    Nike x FKA twigs, "Do you believe in more ?" campaign, Nike Running & Training Zonal Srength tights.