Alex Johnstone and Kurt Johnson have partnered to shoot rare finds from Melbourne fashion collection Aoyama Archives. To mark such a special occasion, AA director and buyer Sebastian Supel has supplied us with some liner notes — a brief history lesson — in place of traditional fashion credits.On the left, a Comme des Garcons Shirt-dress from Fall 1998. Collection entitled ‘Fusion’ was meant to be resemble grafted and collage panels formed into pieces, and fundamentally inside-out pieces in a deformation sense. Arguably one of Kawakubo’s purest collections to date. On the right is the Issey Miyake Madame T Shawl. Goths wearing Pleats?On the left is a Junya Watanabe mesh top over the top of what appears to be a Fendi mesh bodysuit, paired with the Vivienne Westwood 3-row Pearl Choker. What’s interesting about Westwood is the way she defined ‘Punk’ in an iconoclastic way. Like Gaultier and Galliano, they all pushed their fashion in an androgynous way to force individuals out of their comfort zone. I think this necklace is a prominent example of that. The fastening mechanism is an orb deconstructed into two pieces at the back so it can seamlessly snap apart/together which is super neat! Worn with Jean Paul Gaultier Dragon gloves from the year 2000.The next look (on the right, and below) features a Prada rucksack from Spring 1999. The very start of the ‘Linea-rossa’ era (the thin red line). You could say it set the coarse for modern streetwear. They were fully functional and were essentially a “wearable membership card for a global class of high-taste individual.” Miuccia created this collection as a representation and response to ‘hippie fashions’ — at the time there was a revival of the entire hippy style, so her collection was an ironic comment to that, almost like a completely rebellious approach.Worn with a Jean Paul Gaultier sleeveless mesh top, which I’ve not been able to identify the collection unfortunately — you could touch on the fact that these things are probably the most popular highly sought-after pieces right now and act almost like a currency in the archive world. Print’s like the Mona Lisa, 1994 Money print, Test-Pattern, the Japanese renaissance print from Spring 1999 and the most iconic being the Safe-sex print from Spring 1994 just to name a few. She’s wearing it with a Fall 1997 Junya Watanabe deformation corporate skirt, and Jean Paul Gaultier knee highs from the designer’s most renowned collection (Spring 1994). The shoes are Comme des Garcons Fall 1999 cowboy wingtips. That collection was entitled ‘Transformed Parody’ (though, if the show was a parody, as some have suggested, Never Mind the Bollocks might have worked as well). Worn with Prada menswear Fall 2007 gloves.On the left, the Comme des Garcons Shirt-dress from Fall 1998 repeats. A little trick most people don’t know about Comme furthermore, is that from here on if you pull your Comme piece inside-out, you will often find that it is French seamed enabling it to be worn from the inside-out!On the right, a Pleats Please origami top with a Junya Watanabe Spring 2003 Parachute Mermaid Skirt. A note on this collection, probably Junya’s most highly sought-after collection, was inspired by ‘Innocent 18th-century milkmaids who had parachuted into a field of summer flowers’. But less apparent with this particular skirt, which looks like this milkmaid veered off and landed on the street, painting road lines and got ran over in the process.Up next is a one-off Issey Miyake Spring 1996 iridescent ensemble. The piece never got 100% completed and still has a french seam to complete on the back, which I think tells a really cool story. It’s almost as if they ran out of time, had to get the models out on the walk and had to ditch that one. Then it ended up in their sample showcasing, to a collector and now in our hands. Worn with the 1999 Comme cowboy wingtips. Then, the incredible Thierry Mugler purple military ensemble from the 80s — unidentified collection thus far, but our most focused label right now. Now that we’ve made Gaultier so popular, our close focus is on this designer. Manfred Thierry Mugler retired from fashion in the year 2002 when the industry and the shows became so dull and more about business — less about the shows, the spirit and entertainment. Fundamentally why Gaultier also chose to walk away from ready-to-wear and focus only on haut couture. My interpretation of Mugler is the ‘Memphis Milano’ of fashion. The designer focuses on empowering femininity, this particular ensemble almost resembles the military uniform of the French Resistance in the extraterrestrial eyes of Manfred Thierry Mugler. Worn again with the Comme spring 1999 cowboy wingtips.Black Friday was once the informal name for the Friday following Thanksgiving in the US, now it’s a global excuse for manic consumerism with brands around the world encouraging susceptible individuals to buy, buy, BUY. But, American norm-core, camper-chic #goals — Patagonia have come up with a great solution to combat wastefulness this holiday season.Patagonia Action Works is an environmental and conservational initiative where you can donate to various eco nonprofits (in your name or in the name of an ignorant-view-holding relative) and Patagonia will match your donation dollar for dollar #climatekaching. Now you can buy that patronising uncle what he really needs: an eCard, with love.“Environmental nonprofits account for only three percent of philanthropic giving, yet climate change and the ecological crisis are the greatest threats we have ever faced. We’re running out of fresh water, topsoil, fish and wetlands,” Patagonia CEO and queen Rose Marcario said on LinkedIn. “And the best antidote to helplessness is action. We believe giving modest grants to thousands of grassroots groups around the globe makes real change possible.”Patagonia will be metaphorically making it rain until December 31, or until they hit their $10 million target — word. Give someone the gift of climate science (as of Nov 29) here. Egg Lemon is Jude Millis, the DIY garment designer making the cutest/coolest upcycled fashion — think teddy bears and tie-dye with a graffiti can in hand. Scouring Melbourne op-shops, Jude trawls through dusty clothing racks in search of the next big thing, maintaining the ethos that, “There’s enough clothing on the planet for all of us.” With a keen eye for trend forecasting (not to mention photography and styling) Egg Lemon has been doing elfin lewks, tie-dye tees and bejewelled baseball caps before you even knew it was cool. Also known for her signature charm bracelet tats, cheeky line-drawn elves and squiggly butterflies, Jude co-runs SSF Studio: a safe place for all bodies to buy art, garments and, ofc, get inked. Over the web, Jude tells me how her multi-disciplinary practice is affirmed by IRL and online communities made up of supportive DIY, queer, sober artists — and fills me in on her creative process, fashion icons and meaningful collabs.Hey Jude, I’m Anjelica! It’s 11:42 pm in Birranga (Melbourne) rn, so I’ll say g00d evening… Good evening Firstly, what pronouns do you use? She/they.When did you start making clothes? Last year I was making spatial garments as part of my interior design degree. I was using all recycled materials for that. After I finished, I continued making garments but focusing more on making stuff that’s wearable or altering existing garments to give them new life. Have you always been into fa$hion?I’ve always been interested in fashion, especially DIY and outsider fashion. I’ve rarely had the funds to buy any fancy pieces that I like, so I search for interesting things second hand. I love to find things that excite new ideas or the trashy/budget version of high-end trends. I love how people can express themselves through what they wear. I recently read an article by Alec Leach (AKA @future__dust) about using the word ‘sustainability’ when it comes to fashion; it’s a buzzword with no concrete meaning, often used as a guise to create more products and waste… You make clothes out of recycled goods, so I’m wondering what’s your stance?I think the commodification of sustainability is dangerous, because it can fool buyers into thinking they’re making sustainable decisions — especially when there’s no transparency as to the production of the garments. There is enough clothing on the planet for all of us to reuse and upcycle existing materials!I hope it’s not cringe when I say I love your DIY aesthetic — taking two different t-shirts and sewing them together, spraypainting text and stencils onto garments, frayed ends and mix-matched materials — what’s your creative process like? What techniques are you drawn to?It’s not cringe, it’s sweet!! My creative process starts at the op shop — I usually have an idea of what I’m looking for, but also just try to and grab whatever I think would make a good base or could be altered in a certain way. I like things with motifs that I can cut out and use. Then I take it all back to my studio, play around with ideas and cut things up, airbrush them, paint them, make patches until I’m happy with it. Or I’ve overdone it and have to wind it back. You always seem to know what’s up when it comes to trends: tie-dye tees, graffitied and bejewelled baseball caps, elfin looks. How much (if at all) do you consider fashion/beauty trends when making a collection?I’m definitely subconsciously influenced by what I see around me and online. But, because a lot of what I make is dictated by what resources I have at the time, or what I’m able to get my hands on, that’s ultimately what determines my process, aesthetic and outcome.Who are your fashion icons or inspiration?I’ve found heaps of talented DIY artists on Instagram. One of my biggest inspirations from the beginning was Yard666sale. And, I also love @l.iaxs, @geo_knits_slow, @runny_babbit and many more!They are sick . Besides clothes, you also make music – can you tell me about your alternative/RnB partnership: Pillow Pro?Pillow Pro is me and Christobel Elliott, and we started making music together about four or five years ago. Our sound and vision have really evolved over the years and now our debut album is being mixed and mastered, and will be ready for release next year! We’ve worked so hard to produce a whole album and manage everything that comes with it. It’s been a huge part of our friendship and means a lot to us both — I’m excited to share it. Our costumes and visual output is a big part of the band too. Doing Pillow Pro has definitely sparked my interest in creating a cohesive aesthetic across my practices. And besides music, you also ink tattoos — what lead you into the tattoo world?To be honest, tattooing just came to me at the right time and place, through friends. I started stick-n-poking little drawings on my friends for fun, until I gained the confidence to take it seriously. It also coincided with me getting sober, so it was a great thing to focus on while I was navigating a new way of life and socialising.You co-created SSF Studio, a safe space studio for all bodies. What was the impetus for this? And what does the space provide?My friend Raphaela (@raphaela_tatt) and I started the studio initially for ourselves to have a safe and comfortable work environment. We both have strongly aligned values and ideas about what the tattoo experience should offer. The main things being mutual respect, a loving environment, and a space for the client to feel totally safe and happy with their decisions and experience. Raphaela also gave me some of her first stick-n-pokes and she’s a big part of how I got into tattooing.What does making art do for you? It allows me to connect with others. It makes me feel like I have a purpose, and it makes me feel like I’m being true to myself. I’m lucky to have found tattooing and garment making, as they have connected me to beautiful online communities of supportive DIY, queer, sober artists. What has it helped you overcome?Connecting with people through my practice has been so important to me — it’s helped me overcome what felt like a lack of purpose and understanding of myself. I’ve found a community of artists around the world that I can relate to and grow with. Being able to provide a tattoo service that’s safe and positive makes me feel connected to people regularly. That sense that my practice can be a positive experience for others has been so important to me. Similarly, with music or my garments – seeing people enjoying a Pillow Pro show or, feeling good in a garment I’ve made is such a privilege. Finally – what are you working on at the moment? And what are you doing in NYC?I’m going to NYC to hang out and do some tattoos at my friend Tabi’s private studio. They have created a great space to host travelling artists with their partner Dom. They’re both super talented artists, you can check out their tattoos at @baitkush and @yourbodyforever. They’ve been super supportive of me and I’m so grateful for spaces like these. When I go back to Melbourne in December, I’m excited to work on a new collection and continue tattooing my Melbourne eggs .A couple of weeks ago Prada and adidas teased the collab of the year, aka PRADIDAS, and ya’ll went mad for the intel — “A joint passion for the universe of sport is at the heart of this creative partnership,” they said, to which stans of the iconic brands let out nothing shy of high-pitched squeals. Guess what, folks? We’ve now got visuals on the first release.But first, more facts: Prada for adidas Limited Edition brings together two memorable styles — the Superstar sneaker, originally launched in 1969 but brought into our zeitgeist via Avril Lavigne, and Prada’s brilliant bowling bag, which has been dipped in the flavour of the adidas gym bag.“The Prada Superstar and the Prada Bowling bag for adidas are proposed together,” the press release reads. “Every piece is made in Italy by Prada, indicating the superlative quality synonymous with the brand and its inimitable expertise in accessories and 106-year history as a luxury leather goods house.“A partnership about manufacturing, a salute to the 50 years of the Superstar, an impeccable style icon – which does not require being re-designed – having crossed boundaries and challenged definitions through five decades.” And so it is.And this is how it really culminates as a collab: the Superstar sneakers are translated using Prada’s full-grain leather for the upper with the signature adidas Originals rubber shell toe, finished with a herringbone-pattern rubber cupsole, serrated triple-stripe and a Trefoil logo-pint on the heel, alongside the Prada logotype. The Prada Bowling bag for adidas is executed in superior calf leather with a sports nylon strap, the chassis of the bag bearing the twinned logos of Prada and adidas Originals. Both appear in fresh as heck white.The duo retails online through adidas.com and prada.com, and at selected Prada stores worldwide from December 4, 2019 — available for both men and women, in edition of 700, each with their own unique serial number. We bags 69 and 420, don’t even try.Prada’s new resort campaign is so down to earth it’s literally a bunch of flowers. By way of wrapping blooms in papers printed with collection imagery, and placing them in IRL flower stands around the world, the house aimed to celebrate “the beauty of living, of reality, of today,” and hoped to really integrate the campaign into everyday life — something more meaningful than static billboards or magazine pages, “as something to be experienced, to be lived.”London, Milan, Moscow, New York, Paris, Shanghai and Tokyo all received drops at unexpected and relatively unknown florists. If your local was left out — do not stress. Prada has developed a digital bouquet, allowing you to join the ranks of Freja Beha Erichsen, Lexi Boling, Xiao Wen Ju, and the rest of the Prada girls, and share the sweet-scented love.Just follow this link, choose your bloom, your fave Prada bag ofc, snap a lil selfie and voila. File under #PradaSeditiousSimplicity and let your digi bouquet live forever.As a fashion photographer, Andy Long Hoang’s work isn’t necessarily political. But when he was invited by the First Lady of Haiti to shoot collections from 14 of her country’s most exciting artisanal designers, the London-based photographer found himself in the middle of a riot. Literally. While Long Hoang was documenting looks from designer Helmer Joseph in Port-au-Prince, locals were on the streets protesting political corruption, and the man at the centre of their claims was his host’s husband, President Jovenel Moïse. A few moments later, he was listening to gunshots from a car as it crossed the border into the Dominican Republic. Instead of going home from there, when he got to Santo Domingo, he kept shooting.The city, the border — Long Hoang captured it all, along with a Dominican model wearing Helmer Joseph. The result is a series that feels both subversive and tragically beautiful. Standing just a few hundred kilometres from police-covered streets where rioters were burning cars, a model poses in a ruffled bikini top. It feels like a different world when you see the calm, empty street market behind her. And that’s the transformative power of Long Hoang’s photos. Whether he’s shooting at home, in Santo Domingo or the middle of a protest, his work stays focused on his subjects — and their beauty.Where do you live now and where did you grow up?I have lived most of my life in Saigon, Vietnam. I moved to Montreal with my family 9 years ago and now I live in London.When did you first pick up a camera?I started taking photos when I was a kid. I used to ask my parents if I could use their camera. Back then, all the film point and shoots were small and made of plastic — they looked a lot like toys. So, it was just fun for me to play with. I wasted a lot of film that way, but I got better.What brought you to Haiti and the Dominican Republic for this photo series?I was very blessed to have met and worked with Haitian designer Helmer Joseph a few years ago and last fall, he introduced me to the first lady of Haiti while she was in Montreal for a gala. We met and I took some portraits of her and her family. This summer, they invited me to Haiti to visit some Haitian couturier ateliers, and attend an event that celebrated 14 artisans, so I could take portraits of a few honourable diplomats who contribute tremendously to the country. As for the Dominican Republic, my trip there wasn’t planned. For my own safety, I was sent across the border when the riots started to break out in Port-au-Prince.Tell me more about the trip. Impressions, favourite spots, memories?Port-au-Prince [in Haiti] shook my preconceived notions about the country within the first day. Haiti’s landscape is breathtaking, colourful and the people are laid back and warm. And the food is just one of the best! My favourite moment was attending Helmer’s private presentation at Carré Zemes, a beautiful art gallery built on top of a mountain. The whole experience was unreal — so much sadness in so much beauty. There were burning barricades everywhere the day I left. Markets were torched, and I could hear gunfire as I was driving away.Is it different shooting in different countries? What do you like most about documenting people, places and things away from home?It’s definitely different shooting in different countries, but I think the most beautiful thing is that everywhere I go I always find bits and pieces that reminds me of home. I love documenting and exploring new places, meeting new people… I’m fascinated by our differences, but happy to be reminded that we, as humans from different parts of the world are not so different from each other.Does taking photos help you become a part of the culture or feel less like an outsider?I think with my travel photography, I try to tell other people’s stories from my point of view. But my interpretation of what I’m seeing, based on the context, becomes a major part of it. A photo is just a selection from that overall scene, so as realistic as photography is, sometimes I wonder if I do tell an accurate story or it’s just a beautiful image.What do you try to capture within your subjects?I always try my best to capture the moment when my subjects are feeling their best — when they feel badass and empowered. A successful photoshoot for me only happens when the subject trusts you enough to let their guard down and really express themselves freely.As a photographer, how do you interact with your subject and surroundings in the moment? Or are you just a voyeur? Is there a difference?I usually tell my subjects roughly what I’m looking for and let them fill in the blanks on their own. I may even sometimes awkwardly do the poses myself, or place the subjects a certain way, but then take pictures as the pose becomes more natural. For my portrait work, I do like a mix of candid and posed shots, though. So, yeah, I’m a little bit of a voyeur. We’re living in a time where we’re all being observed 24/7 — everyone has cameras in their mobile phones, there are cameras on the streets, CCTVs… it becomes a part of our living world and people agree with that. But there is certainly a difference between capturing the essence of a moment, and the transformation into voyeurism. It comes down to both the personal and ethical decision of the photographer and their objectivity, and the personal thoughts of the viewer of the image.When is beauty real? How can you tell?Shakespeare believed that the inner spirit is typical of what the outer appearance shows. I think real beauty is when a person is fully connected with themselves and their inner beauty radiates on the outside. But it’s quite easy for an artist to tell when beauty is real and when it’s not — I think it’s part of our gift.Do you think seeing photos of themselves makes people stronger, or more self-conscious?My goal in photography is to shine a light — literally — on different types of beauty and make people feel better and stronger about themselves. A lot of people I know think they aren’t photogenic. But I think a good photographer knows how to see the beauty in someone that might not see it themselves. To show them that in photos is an incredible gift.Why is important to document things? Does capturing the past and present help you prepare for the future? Or is it a way to avoid it?I like to document things because it immortalises a moment or a subject. And it’s important because images can carry stories across the barriers of language, culture, space and time. That’s why photography is one of the best, most accessible mediums to raise awareness around social justice issues. Like how Lewis Hine went undercover to capture images of kids at work during the 1900s — partly as a result, Congress passed the Keating-Owens Child Labor Act in 1916, helped ending child labour in the United States. That’s just an example of how images can really work.What’s the realest advice you’ve ever been given?A friend of mine once told me: whatever you do, do you 100%, because when you are always authentic to yourself, you will only attract people who want you for you. But that doesn’t mean you can’t reinvent yourself to make yourself relevant.What’s the most important thing you’ve learned through photography?To never stop learning and improving my craft. Over the years, I’ve realised that the more I learn, the greater my ability to express myself artistically. Each new shoot can present a new challenge from which I can develop my understanding, and improve my work.If you weren’t a photographer, what would you be doing?I always wanted to be an astronaut when I was young… but I realised I’m not that good at math or science.Where do you want to shoot next?Somewhere in the Middle East. The history is fascinating, but also challenging to comprehend with all the news we receive about the region everyday. Now more than ever, with the travel ban is in full effect, I think the Middle East needs more visitors, and more positive firsthand experiences, in order to move towards friendship versus conflict.Last week, stans of both Prada and adidas alike went mad for a teased collab between to two iconic labels. Now, the official press release is out and, aside from squealing, we have cold hard facts.“The aim of this partnership is to investigate the realms of heritage, technology and innovation – and to challenge conventional wisdom through unexpected strategies,” the press release reads. “The new vision draws inspiration from the rich legacies of both to re-engineer timeless icons, and leverages the houses’ technological footprint to innovate. The path is an evolving and dynamic structure composed of key milestones, marking a significant departure from existing patterns while building on the houses’ strong milieu of shared approaches and pursuits.” Got it.The two brands will share intel and work together to fuse fashion and performance — and the press release specifically mentions Prada’s renowned history in leather-goods, which is interesting intel in terms of forecasting what this sporty/tech collab might look like.“A joint passion for the universe of sport is at the heart of this creative partnership,” the press release continues. “At its zenith, this collective effort will result in the release of the new Luna Rossa performance sailing footwear, to be unveiled in 2020.” Big yes.But before the Luna Rossa release, we’ll see two limited edition Prada for adidas styles that “draw on the rich patrimony and iconography of both labels, representing a tribute to timeless classics.” Dipping into sport, street style and luxury, the first iteration will be for both men and women, made entirely by Prada in Italy, and will launch globally next month. Very keen.Halloween literally just ended, so of course that means Christmas is happening. Thanks, industrial capitalist machine. But if there’s one thing that will never change, it’s Christmas and Macaulay Culkin. Name a more iconic duo… we’ll wait.Ever since his days as Kevin McAllister in Home Alone, the actor has been the de facto poster boy for dysfunctional family holiday drama, and what’s Christmas without some fighting? Or celebrity-endorsed holiday gifts?This season, Macaulay has decided to jump on the bandwagon, mostly because he needs the money… or, at least that’s what he said via the press release. Teaming up with Happy Socks, Mack has designed a line of bunny-filled Christmas stockings — not the kind for your fireplace, but your IRL feet.The socks come in three different colourways, and are covered in bunnies. But the promo video is the real Christmas gift here. In it, Macaulay sits in a small wooden chair, pets an iguana (wearing chipped red nail polish, natch) and makes his iconic Kevin McAllister face, before admitting he’s “too old for this shit.”Probably true.Either way, we can’t help but love the filthy animal. After all, you can mess with a lot of things, but you can’t mess with Macaulay Culkin on Christmas… no matter how old he is.Fresh off winning over the entire world with her role in A Star Is Born, Gaga is going back to the big screen, this time, as the wife and convicted murderer of Maurizio Gucci, grandson of Gucci founder, Guccio Gucci. If you’re unfamiliar with the story:Basically, Patrizia Reggiani got dumped by Gucci when he fell in love with a younger woman. So, like any sane ex-girlfriend, she hired a hit man, who killed Gucci, and landed her on the cover of a ton of Italian magazines, being dubbed the Black Widow. Reggiani’s daughter said that her mother had a brain tumour, which effected her behaviour, but she was still sentenced to prison. But her story doesn’t end there: the divorcee was paroled in 2016, after serving 18 years for the murder, which was chronicled in Sara Gay Forden’s The House of Gucci: A Sensational Story of Murder, Madness, Glamour, and Greed.For the film, Academy Award-winning director Ridley Scott teamed up with Roberto Bentivegna, who will write a script adaptation of Forden’s pulpy book. And Gaga? Naturally, she’ll kill it as a high fashion psycho.Can’t wait.It’s that wonderful time of year again, when the weather starts to get cooler and all your favourite celebs dress up like all of their favourite celebs. No, not the Met Gala — it’s Halloween. Beyonce as Lil Kim, Demi Lovato as Selena, Kourtney Kardashian as Ariana Grande, Jessica Biel as a 2000s-era Justin Timberlake (complete with that awful hair)… it’s spooky AF. But for those of us who don’t want to drop, like, a million dollars on literal Victoria’s Secret angel wings for a coordinated costume with our four sisters that we’ll only ever wear once, there’s Saint Laurent’s new Rive Droite Halloween drop. From skeleton sweaters to YSL beauty packs to two Saint Laurent lollipops, the capsule is the high fashion goth starter pack of our wildest nightmares. It even has a lighter and a Trick-Or-Treat bag. 10/10 must cop.Sadly, it’s being exclusively sold at their LA and Paris Rive Droite concept stores, but who says you can’t celebrate Halloween by treating yourself to a flight and a gift from Saint Laurent?Peep the collection above. Be still my cold, dead heart.To give us high-key inspo on how to slay Halloween season this year, and celebrate the recent release of Disney’s new Maleficent: Mistress of Evil film, cult Australian model Tallulah Morton stars as Maleficent, in ‘Mistress of Evil’ for Oyster Fashion in our latest release, The Unreal Issue.A spirit embedded in Ukrainian mythology, ‘Mavka’ are tall, round-faced, long-haired nymphs that represent the souls of girls lost to unnatural deaths. They live together in forests, caves and sheds decorated with woven textiles. They love flowers and wear them in their hair, planting them in spring to entice young men — whom they plan to tickle to death. On Pentecost, they’re known to sing, dance, and make love, to the sound of a demon’s flute.It’s no secret that Melbourne has some of the most creatively cool and best dressed women this earth has to offer — the city’s often cliché (but very real!) unpredictable weather patterns could be responsible for the next level dress codes, but its ability to foster artistic talent remains a bit of a mystery. Maybe it’s all those laneways, cute bars and conceptual coffee shops ;).Thanks to another very stylish Melbourne resident, Chadstone — The Fashion Capital, and its Spring/Summer 19 campaign ‘The Art of Fashion’, we’ve got good reason to round up some of our favourite Melbourne cool girls and ask them a bit about their work and wardrobes — how (and if) one informs the other; what their creative and material output really says about them; and why fashion and art make such a good couple.Kiri primarily makes sculptures that often have an interactive component to them. Her ‘Golden Derriere’ is an insta fave, and her client list includes A$AP Rocky. Very cool!We’re interviewing you because aside from making beautiful things, you also wear beautiful things. Why is fashion important to you — if it is at all?I love dressing myself, and seeing how clothing can do a lot of the talking. I think whether you participate in fashion or not, you’re choosing to wear something and that already says a lot about you. I like being able to play around with that sometimes and I think that immediate story that clothing can give interests me.What drives you to make things? I think the biggest catalyst for becoming who I am creatively is probably my Dad — growing up around him being creative and working on exciting projects opened my eyes to the possibilities there are of working creatively.Do you see fashion as a valid form of self-expression? As much as your creative work?I do of course! For me, personally, I see the way I dress as separate to the work I make. I guess because I’m involved in both fashion and art, they intrinsically become connected even if I don’t want them to.Do your clothes let you express ideas that are different from your work? What are they both saying?Clothes let me express the type of person I want to put out to the world. And my artwork is less self-centered, I’m not thinking about the same things at all when it comes to these two.Has your work actually changed the way you dress? I don’t think so, no, but sometimes I do feel inclined to dress down to seem more “artsy” [laughs].Which three pieces from Chadstone’s retailers are defining your look this SS19 season?Something beautifully flowy like this Loewe look. I also want the Bottega Veneta ‘Padded Cassette’ bag, and the Celine ‘Luco’ loafers. If you could wear any work of art, which would it be? Oh that’s a hard question to answer… I think I wouldn’t actually want to wear a work of art. Unless we are talking actual fashion, in which case I also couldn’t pick just one [laughs].Why do you think artists/creatives are so inherently fashionable?I think often because there is thought, consideration and aesthetics involved in being creative. Often people can’t help but care about how they dress too.There’s a return to shopping IRL rather than online — or at least people tend to spend more money at actual stores — as a visual and hands on person, what do you reckon the advantages are to shopping IRL?Absolutely being able to try things on and seeing how it works on you. There are so many factors that can change an item whether it’s how it looks on your body shape, skin colour, general person. Also the fact that a photo can’t possibly represent everything the item is: the texture, the size in comparison to you, the smell, the colour — you get my point. Finally — what are you working on right now? And what are you listening to/reading/watching while you’re doing it?I’m working on starting a project with my Dad, which I’m really excited about. And, at the moment, I’m just soaking up Paris!Thalea is a fashion stylist whose work can be seen via all your fave Melbourne brand’s campaigns, and in the pages of mags — including Oyster, where she had her first break.We’re interviewing you because aside from making beautiful things, you also wear beautiful things. Why is fashion important to you — if it is at all?I love to collect and have a huge appreciation for textiles. Collecting has been a big part of my life from a young age — my Mother introduced me to it.Tell us about your creative work and what drives you…My first shoot was actually for Oyster Magazine in 2013. A photographer approached me on Tumblr to style, and I used clothing I had sourced in Tokyo and around Melbourne. It was probably the first moment I realised that this was something I could pursue. More recently in 2019 — coincidentally thank you to Oyster Magazine once again — I was able to travel to LA for work. This really made me think on a more international scale.Do you see fashion as a valid form of self-expression?Yes! Even though my creative work and fashion go hand in hand, they can be so seperate — especially when working on commercial jobs. I find it important to play with the fun side of fashion as a form of self expression, whether that’s getting dressed in the morning or the way I display certain articles of clothing in my room… I definitely use fashion as a tool to express myself!Do your clothes let you express ideas that are different to your work?I think my personal style is an amalgamation of both. I definitely let my personal style bleed into my work.Has your work actually changed the way you dress?Working as a stylist has encouraged me to explore different ways of dressing. I’m definitely more outrageous in my personal style in the lead up to a shoot day! That being said, I find myself taking the easy road more and more recently and giving in to jeans and a T-shirt.Which three pieces from Chadstone’s retailers are defining your look this SS19 season?Prada ‘Cordonnet’ sweater, Prada poplin shirt, and Loewe Bucket Espiral bag. If you could wear any work of art, which would it be?Duchamp’s toilet as a hat.Why do you think artists/creatives are so inherently fashionable?I believe the way artists and creatives approach colour, texture and space, heavily inform the way we dress.There’s a return to shopping IRL rather than online — or at least people tend to spend more money at actual stores — as a visual and hands on person, what do you reckon the advantages are to shopping IRL?Honestly, aside from the obvious reasons like how something actually fits and feels, the main benefit to shopping IRL is the architecture. I recently visited a Prada store and was overwhelmed by the space. Finally — what are you working on right now? And what are you listening to/reading/watching while you’re doing it?TBA — watch this space. The rest — reading: Trouble by Lindsey Buckingham; watching: Goodfellas by Martin Scorsese.Alice is an artist and designer who draws in all directions. She makes art for the wall, works on books, campaigns with brands, textile prints and so much more. In her work, pattern is king.We’re interviewing you because aside from making beautiful things, you also wear beautiful things. Why is fashion important to you — if it is at all?The way I dress is just another avenue for me to show the colours and patterns I’m interested in at the time. Playing with textures, colours, materials and patterns in a 3D sense, satisfies a need to put colours together and explore combinations. Sometimes I don’t want to look at any more colours or patterns so I will dress quite modestly, and other times I feel like pushing it. Most of the time I want to wear at least one loud thing. The older I get the less I care if I’m wearing something a bit rude, tacky, or shocking. Striking the balance between refined and rude colours or prints is a hobby of mine.What’s was the biggest catalyst in becoming who you are creatively, why do you continue to do it, and what do you hope to achieve with it?I love the variety in the work, and I never get tired of putting colours and patterns together, and creating new combinations. I love being able to comment on things that I see and notice in the world around me — stylish people, seasonal fruits, sassy dogs. Drawing from life around me is my way of processing the things I see, and if it weren’t this for me, it would have to be something else to that end. My goal is to get people to pay attention to the simple pleasures in everyday life, and to notice details.Do you see fashion as a valid form of self-expression? As much as your creative work?Yes, though I am certainly not as good at fashion as my other creative work. Stick with what you know right?! Fashion is often the only avenue for people to play with colours, patterns, and elements of design — I’m lucky enough to have others in my job — but without a doubt there is a lot of room for creativity there.Do your clothes let you express ideas that are different to your work? What are they both saying?Yes. Often my work is loud and I don’t always feel like dressing loud. But it allows me to experiment with things that aren’t possible in the 2D world. And that whole element of texture — like furry things, shiny things, woven things — that is completely absent in illustration.Has your work actually changed the way you dress?I tend to use my work more as my primary form of expression and my fashion second these days. Whereas I once had a burning desire to express my current favourite colours and shapes by wearing them, now I can do some of this through art and illustration, and I tend to dress slightly more reserved at times — the work does some more of the talking.Which three pieces from Chadstone’s retailers are defining your look this SS19 season?I’m almost always wearing sneakers — the coloured Converse All Stars of my childhood have been a staple. They wear really well too. As I mentioned, I love really loud, semi-rude pieces, Incu has me covered for that with designers like Sandy Liang. Everything furry has really brought me a lot of joy this season. On a day to day basis I love wearing Uniqlo. My general look is usually 50% statement piece, 50% Uniqlo. That’s my happy place.If you could wear any work of art, which would it be?I feel like pottery would be pretty cool to wear. The Memphis-era graphic shapes and bold primary colours of Peter Shire’s pottery would be outfits I could go for. Otherwise just the Klimt painting ‘portrait of Adele Bloch-Bauer’ — wearing all that gold would be incredible.Why do you think artists/creatives are so inherently fashionable?I think creative people have a really well trained eye for detail and putting colours together — the amount of hours that goes into getting good at doing that gives them an advantage. Also, sometimes having eschewed a traditional career path and feeling a bit on the margins, creative people might often want to demonstrate their different life choices through their clothing. I know I certainly always did.There’s a return to shopping IRL rather than online — or at least people tend to spend more money at actual stores — as a visual and hands on person, what do you reckon the advantages are to shopping IRL?Definitely the tactility of the fabrics, for me. The vibrancy of colours and quality of fabric is something that often does not translate in a photo.Finally — what are you working on right now? And what are you listening to/reading/watching/wearing while you’re doing it?I’m loving teaching my still life drawing classes, using iPads. It’s a wacky concept, that people are beginning to embrace. I love going on the journey with them, and I love setting up the still lifes! I keep an eye on local creatives around me for inspiration and people I can team up with on the still life front. In my design work I’m always reading up on vintage design, fashion, cooking. I always try to wear as much local talent as I can — I like designers who I can meet, and they represent the local flavour that we are all feeling down under. To relax, I watch a lot of docos and cooking shows: Vintage Nigella and Jamie that are on SBS and their youthful joy for cooking are such a pleasure to relax to.New York-based Telfar Clemons has announced that he will show his SS20 collection as a guest designer at Pitti Uomo in Florence. After presenting his last collection in Paris, the designer was invited to be part of the biannual Italian event in which the top designers in the realms of menswear, fashion, jewelry and the press gather to view the latest lines.“Telfar Clemens is one of the most interesting figures on the contemporary scene,” said Lapo Cianchi, Director of Communication & Special Events at Pitti Immagine. “For fifteen years, he has been promoting with tenacity an idea of inclusive and accessible fashion and business. We are happy to offer him the opportunity to present himself to the Pitti Uomo community, and I am sure that the event in Florence will provide further meaning to a message that is already strong and vibrant.”A New York fashion staple, Telfar is known for his agenda designs that focus on breaking down ideas of identity and social convention. In 2017, the brand won CFDA’s Vogue Fashion Fund, and since has become known for his radical Fashion Week presentations — the last few have featured performances from Blood Orange, Oyinda, Kelela Ian Isiah and many more.“We are honoured to be invited to show, where the deep sense of history and continuity sets the scene perfectly for something entirely new,” Clemens added in a statement.This year’s Pitti Uomo will take place January 7-10.There’s a few events in a young girl’s life that she’ll never forget. Losing her virginity, the first time she gets drunk, and where she was when she saw the very first Chloë Sevigny x Opening Ceremony collaboration. For me, I was in some college classroom, scrolling the internet on my computer, because it was 2008, and this was way before there was usable internet on cell phones. I’ll always remember the exact moment I laid my eyes on my favourite look in the capsule: a gingham dress with a little ruffle at the bottom that looked perfectly Chloë Sevigny and me, at the same time. I had to have it. And because it was 2008, things didn’t go viral or sell out online in under two minutes. So, after class, I walked to the Opening Ceremony in Soho and bought it. So what if I couldn’t eat for the rest of the month? I had my dream dress.Fast forward over a decade and I never actually wore it. I tried, a ton of times, but it just never worked and then I sold it to a thrift store for a whopping 23 dollars (of which I got 12 percent). But you know what? It was worth it, and now, you, too, can have that same exact Chloë Sevigny x Opening Ceremony experience, because the actress is back with a brand new denim line for the label.“I live in my denim – jeans, cut-offs, jackets – so working on this project with Opening Ceremony was a natural progression for me,” she said in a press release. “Each time I have worked on a collection, it is always pieces that I want to wear personally, and think my friends would look great in. Also, the desire to create pieces that can work on all shapes and sizes. This collaboration is a result of that.”But this isn’t your average denim line. The capsule comes with a classic jacket and jeans, but also features a skirt, a ruffled dress, and even a polo top, all made in Japanese indigo and white denim.And if that weren’t enough, Sevigny teamed up with other ultimate cool girl Haley Wollens only a truly bizarre editorial — in a good way. Wearing blonde and blue wigs, Chloë looks like a total anime character, with Wollen’s perfectly rudimentary Photoshop skills making the campaign feel like the mid-2000s zine of our dreams — in fact, it takes me right back to the first time I bought Chloë Sevigny for Opening Ceremony.The collection is out now online and in select Opening Ceremony stores. To coincide with the launch, the brand also their new partnership with Blue Jeans Go Green, and their recycling program, which turns used denim into natural cotton fibre insulation for building efforts around the country. That means, you can take all your old jeans (and any unworn looks from this collection) to any OC location from now through November 15. Don’t follow my lead from 2008 and wait a few years to get, like, 20 bucks. Do some good — recycle your Chloë Sevigny x Opening Ceremony. But this line is extra cute, so you should probably try to wear it first.The Savage x Fenty show shook NYFW —and Victoria’s Secret, tbh — but it wasn’t the only gift everyone’s favourite Badgal (with a heart of gold) Riri had in store. In honour of Breast Cancer Awareness month, Rihanna has announced a new collection celebrating thrivers Stephanie Seban, Bianca Muniz, Johanna De La Cruz, and Nalie Agustin — a group of young women living with aggressive forms of breast cancer. “I want to raise awareness for under-served breast cancer communities and the Savage X Thrivers represent young women of all walks of life living and thriving with cancer,” explained Riri re the collection. “The easiest way for people to get involved and make a difference is by shopping this box and collection.” A great cause and sexy AF lingerie / look good, feel great! Throughout the month of October, the @savagexfenty Insta account will share each thriver’s story with an accompanying limited-edition piece. Proceeds from every Savage X Thrivers Xtra VIP Box sold will go towards Rihanna’s Clara Lionel Foundation, raising money and awareness towards research and an ultimate cure. Thank you, queen! You can get more info on Rihanna’s Fenty x Thrivers campaign here.Loki Patera is the largest lava lake on Jupiter’s moon, Io. It’s also a Sydney-based, volcanic jewellery brand that’s been producing smoking designs since 2018. Celestial originators, Hugo Vos and Harry Pickering, handcraft a molten world of ethically-sourced materials, resulting in the most beautiful and wearable metallic babies. Inspired by the spirit of Io, where they imagine “identities are as fluid as they are evolutionary,” their sterling silver and precious gems have adorned earth angels like Princess Gollum and Cub Sport, as well as Oyster fave Rob Tennent — just to name a few.  Their new collection, ‘A Quiver Calls’ takes a step towards the nighttime realm — with sex(y) dungeon/fetish vibes meets earthy/ancient archeological dig. Did someone say spear me?! Luckily, the collection feats sixteen protective talismans from Mother Nature’s very own: ore, igneous and bristlebone. Finally, the metallurgic protection we’ve all been waiting for. Handcrafted in Australia, ‘A Quiver Calls’ is a jewellery collection so sharp it could take your eye out – embellished with porcupine quills (yes, really) and pink rhodolite garnets (~ ofc ~ stunning ~). Feeling some real World of Warcraft vibes with big elf energy. Jeans can last a lifetime but, unfortunately, so too can the effects of the indigo dying process on our planet. Enter Wrangler, who’ve recently launched their most sustainable denim line yet, Indigood, which uses literally no water in the dyeing process.They’re the first brand to bring this innovative new foam-dyeing technology to the market, effectively reducing their water consumption by 100% in the process. Last year, it was estimated that 20% of industrial water pollution worldwide is associated with garment manufacturing — 85% of that due to dyeing — and that each year, 5 trillion litres of water is used for dying fabrics alone. Hectic!“At Wrangler Australia, we care deeply for the environment and Indigood represents a giant leap in our quest towards creating denim that is fully sustainable,” says Nathan Baxter, brand manager at Wrangler Australia. “This is our most sustainable denim yet and will be instrumental in making the necessary changes required not only by Wrangler, but the denim industry as a whole.” So true.In collaboration with Texas Tech University, Wrangler funded and developed the technology to apply indigo to yarn using foam block transfers, which entirely replace the water vats and chemical baths that are usually needed for the process. It means they not only remove water from the process, but they use over 60% less energy and leave over 60% less waste behind. The denim itself also uses up to 28-30% recycled cotton and the labels are made from recycled plastic. Way to go !You can shop the six-piece collection — which features jeans, jackets and shirts — right now at wrangler.com.auFollowing Gucci’s controversial Milan FW runway last week, the lux fashion brand has come through with the goods: announcing Gucci Mane as the fresh, tatted face of its Cruise20 campaign #ComeAsYouAre_RSVP. How meta. Mr Mane took to IG to drop a double whammy — revealing his Woptober II album is out October 17, and to debut the album cover taken from the cruise campaign, which was shot by Harmony Korine. It marks Gucci Mane and Harmony’s second time working together, after Mane starred in the aesthetic yet debatable 2013 film, Spring Breakers. Mane also shouted out to stylist and designer, Alessandro Michelle “this collection is crazy” in his post. Because who doesn’t mind a photoshoot in a massage chair?The cruise campaign also stars the still-kicking Iggy Pop, plus actress/angel Sienna Miller.Louis Vuitton closed Fashion Month to a standing ovation, and to a soundtrack and visual from the forever stunning SOPHIE. A huge moment for the new icon, but also for transgender visibility among the global fashion elite.A dark an “minimalist runway” was lit by a projection on a wall of the venue, SOPHIE appears onscreen and sings an extended version of ‘It’s Okay to Cry’. She sung the entire duration of the show, right up until Nicolas Ghesquiere took his bow. Witness the magic:Bound to be perfect in every way, shape and form — because Miuccia knows no different — the countdown for Miu Miu’s SS20 runway show is now on. Set to commence October 1 at 2:30pm CET, at Paris Fashion Week, we have just a string of clues to rely on:Flowers, hand painted motifs, romantic architecture, old time dancing, paint splattered dresses, vintage-y print collages, and general splashing about. As per usual, we can’t be sure how this will translate to the runway, but we’re sure the label will give us what we want (smart women wearing cute but staunch fashions). To catch it, click below:At Milan Fashion Week, Alessandro Michele’s presentation of Gucci’s Spring 2020 collection was certainly impactful. Set in an expansive and sterile white room, starkly lit, with bleached waiting-room seats, and a divisive and futuristic conveyor belt runway. The show was very Brave New World: utilitarian astronaut meets Orwellian dystopia (if you feel me). But it was references to mental health – including straitjacket-inspired looks – on and off the catwalk that offended people, including runway model Ayesha Tan-Jones. The 26-year-old nonbinary model, artist and musician, silently protested — holding up their hands on the runway to display a powerful penned message: “Mental health is not fashion”. Ayesha then took to IG, criticising the major fashion house for its insensitive use of mental health imagery, “Presenting these struggles as props for selling clothes in today’s capitalist climate is vulgar, unimaginative and offensive to millions of people around the world affected by these issues.” Rant not over.A later post from Ayesha revealed, 100% of their Gucci paycheck would be donated mental health charities. Ayesha also added that “many of the other Gucci models who were in the show felt just as strongly as I did about this depiction of straightjackets, and without their support I would not have had the courage to walk out and peacefully protest.”  Gucci came back via Instagram, responding somewhat indirectly to the protest and instead, clarifying the collection’s concept. Alessandro had “designed these blank-styled clothes to represent how through fashion, power is exercised over life, to eliminate self-expression. This power prescribes social norms, classifying and curbing identity.” Gucci also stressed the clothes were intended solely as a statement, and would not be for sale. Luckily, straitjackets will not be hitting a store near you. It’s been 25 years since Friends hit TV screens, leaving the cast and its fans feeling, well, old. Warner Bro’s since gave us 10 seasons and 236 episodes of rerun gold, and to celebrate they’ve teamed up with Ralph Lauren to create a Rachel Green ‘Wear to Work’ collection. Played by a total smokin’, trend-setting Jennifer Aniston, Rachel Green rocked many iconic 90s-2K looks – from sporty Americana sweats to office chic, plaid mini skirts with knee-high socks and what seems like a turtle neck in almost every colour. And surely it wasn’t just me who took a picture of her to the hairdressers?As fans will already know, during her decade on the show, Rachel worked at Bloomingdales and Ralph Lauren after quitting her waitressing job at perpetual Friends coffee and chill spot, the Central Perk. Rachel worked for five good years at Ralph Lauren, and the designer himself even made a cameo in the episode titled, The One with Ross’ Teeth. The collection showcased at Bloomingdales (ofc) with a very cute, very kitsch Central Perk replica display. Friends will always be there for you, and now, so will their clothes. Model Leon Dame is having his moment; the Berlin-based student (and saxophonist) stole Maison Margiela’s SS20 closing runway show at this year’s Paris Fashion Week. The Margiela favourite was dressed in a navy military meets BDSM ensemble: a navy inspired little leather jacket (revealing also little white briefs), avant-garde sailor’s cap and sexy black leather boots. The 20-year-old shook his shoulders – and the runway – with a staunch and moody performance, captivating both the audience and the internet. Creative director John Galliano chose Leon to close the show – with choreographic tips from movement director Pat Boduslawski. Galliano’s militaristic collection was inspired by the likes of Marie Curie and World War II nurse Edith Cavell. On Margiela’s The Memory Of… podcast, Galliano described the collection as being “about remembrance, it’s about liberation, it’s about having a voice. These people fought for you so you can vote, so use it. Make yourself heard. It’s important.” Speak up and stomp hard.This isn’t the first time Galliano has opted for spectacle trots at FW. His debut for Margiela featured some hunched icons. “The main idea is that he just likes characters. He just likes people who look interesting in general, and have something to say.” Boguslawski told GQ.“With Leon, he is just one of these characters who wants to always do something unusual,” he continued. “Obviously, he was closing the show, so I wanted to create something strong. It’s about hope, and about democracy, and freedom. And I just wanted to show all of that in that one look at the end of the show.”Leon, though, first debuted his signature strut at Margiela’s Autumn 2019 show, and has been walking since 2016 and for major brands such as Alexander McQueen, Burberry, Gucci, Valentino, Bottega Veneta, and many more. With cheekbones that could cut glass and a walk that some how give us life and also leaves us ded, Leon is even Real Housewives of Beverly Hills star Lisa Rinna’s savage new spirit animal because of course.Remember when Nike sent us to Korea and asked us to run for four whole kilometres? We do too, our calf muscles are still aching. Luckily for us they also sent us to Seoul streetwear/rap legend Make-1‘s 8D Creative studio, and unofficial head quarters of Private Road Running Club, so we could meet three of the city’s fittest creatives.Since they’re arguably the most influential run crew in Asia, and have been pounding the pavement together for the last five years, we hoped to get a decent chunk of inspiration to keep our own bodies moving. And they provided! Mental note: those tech green sneaks they’re wearing are the Zoom Pegasus Turbo 2 — made for serious runners. Not to be confused with the Joyride we’ve been banging on about for months.PRRC co-founder and model James Lee McQuown invited us hang with the crew for an afternoon, introducing us to their other co-founder, the aforementioned Make-1, as well as core member Jang-Mi (who does an incred streetwear brand called More Than Dope). We asked questions, and James patiently translated everything for us — then took us to get our asses kicked by some spicy Korean food. Thank you James!Hey, I want to introduce you guys not just as runners — so who are you socially and creatively? And how do you know each other?James Lee McQuown: We come from an artist collective called 360 Sounds, that’s how we met each other. We were a crew before we became a run crew, PRRC came out of that. Make-1 started out in the music industry, he was part of a rap duo and that’s where his name comes from. I met him because my wife is a photographer and she actually shot all of the album covers of most of the underground hip hop scene. Now, he has been pushing a streetwear brand and he has made that his day job — he has always had his ear to the street and knows about what’s going on in the street culture here. He’s famous for that and has a huge following on instagram. Jang-Mi: I work as a designer, for my own brand, which launched four years ago. Me and my co-founder made our brand, it’s a unisex streetwear label called More Than Dope.JLM: It’s pretty in your face — 90s throwback is hot right now, and she’s on the fore front of that. But Jang-Mi and I actually go back before that, because when she was a fashion student, I was a working model and walking shows. I don’t recall the show itself, but she was working the show with me.JM: Yeah I was backstage, dressing.Were you all already runners before you met?JM: Yeah, before joining PRRC I had been running for a year.JLM: They make you run in school — I went to international school at the military base — so you either get with the program or lag behind. If you had any kind of intelligence you would just get it over with. Make-1 went to military service, because you have mandatory military service in Korea if you’re a man. I’m lucky that I have US citizenship so I didn’t have to go, but he went hard, he jumped rope and he got fit, he took that time for self improvement. A lot of people get traumatised by it but he took a healthy approach and I think that influenced us when we built PRRC — that healthy mentality. We come from this DJ crew background, where you party and you tend to do a lot of drinking. So, when we made PRRC, there were five of us all together and the idea was to meet in the middle of the week and just run and split up as soon as we’re done. Otherwise it snowballs back into getting something to eat, have a drink, and same thing over again. We wanted to try to do something more healthy.So that’s what it offers you — aside from the being mates it’s primarily about self-care and health?JLM: It turned into something completely different, but when we first started it was just a group of friends — we were already from a crew, and we already had our established network, so it was a tight knit group of friends and that’s why we called it Private Road Running Club. It was a private get together and you had to know someone to get in. But Make-1 and our other founder JBW had a vision and they wanted it to grow, because they thought why should we keep this to ourselves? And we don’t regret it.I did wonder where the name came from…JLM: By opening the group up, the name became a metaphor — there’s a private road that we must all go on, but if you go together you can share the burden. We have a saying in Korean: ‘내가 가면 길이 된다’ Literally translated, it’s ‘If I go, there’s a way.’ But, it’s loosely translated into ‘If there’s a will, there’s a way.’Is there an initiation process now? How does someone join?JLM: Now, it’s pretty open. We’ve done PRRC open runs several times to intentionally invite newcomers. It’s really word of mouth now — if you know someone who runs, you’re just welcome to come. There has to be a standard, though. You have to be able to run at a certain pace, otherwise you burden the rest of the group.It’s interesting how much you talk about crews and collectives. Last time I was in Seoul, I met with Mischief, and they were also speaking so much about crews. Is everyone part of something here? Is it a Seoul thing to be in a collective, do you think?JLM: Mischief are our friends, too! They’re part of the same group as us, doing the 360 parties with us and being part of this underground culture. But, I think that Korean culture in general is a very collective society. We do everything together. Even in the terminology in the language, we say ‘Our country,’ out of respect. Or even ‘Our son.’ It’s sort of this group-think mentality.What’s the most important reason for you to all keep on running? Is it the togetherness now or is it still because it’s a healthy thing?JLM: For me, it’s all of those things. It’s a way for me to clear my thoughts and deal with whatever personal issues I have. I used it at therapy. It also brings structure to my day, because I’m freelance. Make-1 says that there’s an addictive aspect to the running. The community aspect of it keep you together, but once you get a taste of the competition, after you’ve been to a couple of races, you get this energy high. So us having this community and making plans to run together, and train together, feeds into the continuations of it. Jang-Mi says it’s a dream of hers to be able to run like this until she’s old, so she’s a grandma out there running and actually sticking with it.Why?JLM: I don’t know about the female aspect of it, but there’s a lot of grandpas out there that run. The history of running in Korea is mostly focused on these older guys in their 50s and 60s. So this fresh cool run crew thing is very new in Korea, but as you can see there’s already so many.Since you’re all creative, and especially the three of you exisiting within fashion worlds, are you conscious with the way you present yourself on runs? Does style and gear hype play into it, or are you totally liberated from it?JLM: I don’t care too much, because I want to focus on the run [laughs]. But, Make-1 and Jang-Mi are definitely trend-setters. A lot of people are really seeing what they’re wearing every day. Make-1 says that at first he wanted to wear all of the freshest gear, but the more serious we all got about running, what you’re looking for is a better fit and more performance-based products — elite gear.So you’re looking for innovation, rather than how good the colours look…JLM: Jang-Mi says that regardless of how good the gear might be, no one’s going to wear it if it’s ugly. And Make-1 has commented on the fashion designers doing crossovers with Nike, Like Off-White’s track and field collection, and he says that we can really benefit from these collaborations because of the technical aspects and industry secrets pass between designers — we see them trickle down into our regular sports gear later on.How would you encourage people to start running? Any advice for people like me who’re a bit nervous about not being very good at it?JLM: There are so many different types of runners, we all have different focuses. But, I think, throw the marathon idea out the window because you need to start slow. The best way to do that is to get with a crew and have a support system. It doesn’t need to be an established crew, just a group of friends, so you can hold each other accountable. It’s also good to have a goal — wether it’s about weight or distance or whatever. Say you want to run 10km, if you’ve never run before you need a number of months to prepare for that — give it a year.Do you have any golden rules for a successful run?JLM: Preparation. It’s all in the preparation.Finally — and I’m looking for an anecdote here — when you run late at night, because you cover so much distance, I wonder if you’ve seen anything super strange in the city.JLM: I’ve seen a lot of weird stuff, I see tonnes of fisherman that I had no idea about, but I wonder about Jang-Mi and Make-1. [Laughs] Ok, Jang-Mi says she saw a crab once! [All laughing].You might best know Ana Strumpf via her brilliantly animated illustrations that adorn your fave fashion images, or her more specific collabs with magazines, clothing and interior labels — either way, her bright sparks of colour and character are sure to have made your eyes pop out of your head on more than one occasion.This season, she’s gotten together with Chadstone – The Fashion Capital (aka Melbourne’s fave place to spend its money) to make SS19 brighter than ever, by way of their ‘Art Of Fashion’ campaign. Emphasising the season’s love of pattern on pattern on pattern, she pens bursting florals and flashy stars and, in the perfect marriage of creativity and wearables, together they create bold imagery that showcases what’s on offer in stores for Spring/Summer. Mesmerised totally by the spirit of her work, and her ability to turn self-expression into a career, we had to get to know her!Ana! When did you first realise you were destined to be an artist?I have always loved drawing. Back when I was a kid, I wanted to be a painter… but as a teenager I became interested in fashion and graduated with a degree in that field. Drawing was just a hobby for a long time — it was during the time I lived in NYC with my husband (2010 and 2014) that I started drawing again, but just as a hobby.  And it was in New York that I started my Re.Cover project. I used to have work meetings over Skype and, while I talked, I doodled on top of magazine covers. I started liking the result, and posted some pics on Instagram. People found them and really appreciated them — back then, it was the beginning of Instagram. After that, some blogs started reposting the images and they went viral. Some friends who own a gallery in São Paulo invited me to exhibit the covers and, as a result, they got more attention. After that buzz, I started doing commissioned work for brands and magazines — something I’m doing to this day. I honestly never imagined I’d end up as an artist — except when I was a kid. Becoming one was a very spontaneous process, and I hope to keep on working as an illustrator and evolving my style forever! I love it.Which parts of your upbringing do you think allowed and encouraged you to be a creative person?I grew up with design being quite a prominent element in my home. My parents, and grandparents, owned a store of decoration textiles and my mum is an architect… so I’ve always been surrounded by an environment filled with visuals. My parents always encouraged my siblings and I to draw. Everyone in the family loves doing it — my dad draws amazing caricatures, and my sister has a beautiful illustration work as well! My family introduced to me to great artists that today I revere, and we used to travel a lot, visit museums… Your relationship with fashion is a long one — I read that from a young age you interned at fashion magazines in Sao Paulo. What is it about fashion that you’ve loved for so long?Yes, I interned in a very popular teen magazine called Capricho. I was 13 at the time, and worked there during school vacation. I also worked as a salesperson for Donna Karan’s store in São Paulo, and interned at Anthropologie, in New York, back in 1999 — that was soon before I got into college. During my years as a fashion student, I worked as a stylist for MTV Brazil Magazine, and collaborated many years with Vogue Brazil as well. After college, I owned a fashion and design store for six years. There, I repurposed fabric leftovers from my parents’ store to create original pieces. Mixing fashion and interior design has always been very natural to me and became a continuous working interest. My love for fashion, though, definitely started because of the close contact I had with fabrics, textures and colours since childhood. I love to see, create and draw beautiful images, and come up with beautiful products. Fashion has always given me lots of opportunities to do just that.You’ve collaborated with Australia’s most iconic shopping destination, Chadstone — how did this come about?Their creative team saw my work and wanted to collaborate — they got in touch via Instagram.And can you tell me about the work you did for them — the inspirations, references? Can you give us the scoop on the hottest colours from the season?Spring was the main inspiration, I tried to mix flowers with some pop and fun elements that I like to use, like stars, eyes, hearts, lips… Also the colours of the pieces used in the editorial were very inspirational to me. I tried to use the colours of the outfits I illustrated on, so they would spring out as an extension of the pieces. I saw lots of bright coral, oranges, deep red, pale pink, fuchsia, yellow green, military green, bright yellow, Yves Klein blue, beige and more neutral shades as well.What does ‘The Art Of Fashion’ mean to you?Fashion x Art is an eternal love affair. Either as an inspiration, on a collaboration, it’s a way to transfer iconic images onto products. For me, the creative process of a great painter is the same as a great fashion designer — they are both artists. Fashion and art are two disciplines that revolve around the same sphere, which is creativity. I think they will be linked forever. Art will always inspire fashion designers, and collaborations will also stay strong (thank God for that!).Which is the greater tool for self-expression — fashion or art?I think fashion, interior design and lifestyle are key to self-expression. You can tell a lot about a person by the way they dress or live. Styling myself and my house is part of my creative process and in my case, my drawings are almost an extension of my personality and thinking.Why do you think fashion and art have been friends for so long?Fashion and art are two disciplines that revolve around intense creativity and observation. I think they will be linked forever. Art will always inspire fashion designers, and fashion will always fuel desire, personal style and self-expression — especially in individuals who are most sensitive to their beauty: the creative ones. I love collaborations between fashion brands and artists, I hope they stay steady throughout my career.Do you think it’s important and beneficial for people to be able to express themselves through these mediums, or mediums other than words?Yes, it’s important for people to have many outlets to explore their creativity. Music, sculpture, filmmaking or drawing all tell a story but require us to use different senses, different parts of our brains to process. I think this is very important.What is an outfit you own that says the most about who you are? What does it say?So hard to pick one! I have a vintage dress from the 1930s that I love. My husband gave it to me while we were in our honeymoon in San Francisco. It’s a velvet black dress with a see-through embroidered mesh on the sleeves and chest. It’s very delicate, chic and romantic. I love wearing it with red lipstick and a chunky pair of boots to get a high-low look. I think this look says a lot about me because I love creating contrasts: mixing the vintage with the brand new, the romantic with the industrial, the pop with the classic, the minimal with the bold. I find looks or homes that are put together entirely in a same style quite boring. You do a whole lot — not just illustration but product design, trend forecasting, interior design, fashion collaborations — was your end goal always ‘commercial’ or did it take some convincing?Yeah, I do all that… and also have twins at home! [Laughs] Well, I never had any definite career goals besides working creatively. All these multidisciplinary challenges came up very organically to me. I just took to them and tried to really enjoy executing them. But as much as design has always been part of my life, retail has been as well. I was always interested in the family business, which led to me having a store of my own to run for quite a while. So I guess, in an unconscious way, I ended up going towards a more commercial direction. But that doesn’t mean I’ll be forever like this!Is there anything you can’t do or a skill you wished you possessed?I’m terrible with all sorts of manual skills, like embroidery, crochet, sewing… I would love to be good at them, but I never had the patience to learn.More than anything, your work is fantastically spirited — how do you hope Australian’s connect with it? What feelings do you want them to feel?I have a special connection with Australia, and even more with Melbourne! I was part of a student exchange program back in 1996, where I lived with a local family and attended a local high school for 6 months. Australia feels like a very jolly country, just like my drawings. I hope the campaign lives up to this good Aussie vibe!And we gotta ask — fav pieces from the SS19 season? My favourite look from the campaign is the orange floral trousers with white floral shirt, both by Gucci. I also like the pink and white plaid skirt suit by Country Road. Agyness Deyn, who you may have first aligned yourself with via her peroxide chop (if not shaved head) in your myspace ‘about me’, has returned to the runway. Fitting, too, that she returned for UK staple Burberry, whose show this season was titled ‘Evolution’.Agyness, who’s now 36 and favours acting over modelling (most recently in Her Smell), arrived before our eyes in a glitzed up version of everyone’s fave trench, and she did not disappoint with a choppy lil blonde head.The label’s creative director Riccardo Tisci said the show was “a collection inspired by our past and dedicated to our future.” And it’s so nice to see that ring true in the casting — which also featured faves like Sasha Pivovarova and Freja Beha Erichsen.In terms of our future, Burberry also announced that the show had been certified as carbon neutral. This is a good step. “We have offset our impacts, such as the flights of guests travelling to London specifically for the show and the build and production of the event,” their statement said. They’re also working with a number of project that prevent deforestation and conserve pars fo the Brazilian Amazon.Demna Gvasalia, one brain behind street style’s most polarising love affairs, has announced his exit from the brand he co-founded five years ago.He spoke with WWD of his departure, where he explains why he started the brand and why, now, he must leave: “I was bored of fashion and against all odds fashion did change once and forever since Vetements appeared and it also opened a new door for so many. So I feel that I have accomplished my mission of a conceptualist and design innovator at this exceptional brand and Vetements has matured into a company that can evolve its creative heritage into a new chapter on its own.”Gvasalia will continue his role as creative director at Balenciaga, while the collective who he formed Vetements with will move forward without him. Guram Gvasalia, Vetements CEO, promised WWD a new era for the brand, “New projects and surprise collaborations are to be revealed in the very near future.”Alessandro Michele has never shied away from taking a stance. In fact, over the last few seasons, he’s done the total opposite, pushing for gender equality in Gucci’s Chime for Change zine and film campaign, and saluting the importance of legal abortion with his Cruise 2020 presentation. Now, the designer is taking on climate change. I mean, if anyone can do it, it’s Gucci.As part of his plan to make the brand more sustainable, Gucci announced today that they are now completely carbon neutral.“Gucci is now carbon neutral in our own operations and across the entire supply chain, accounting for all the Greenhouse Gas (GHG) emissions we generate,” President and CEO of Gucci, Marco Bizzarri, said in a statement. “We are increasing our sustainability efforts to prevent, reduce and restore. And we are offsetting the remaining emissions and supporting the protection and restoration of critically important forests around the world.”The #GucciEquilibrium project “will offset all Greenhouse Gas emissions from our own operations and across the supply chain annually by contributing $8.4 million to four UN-backed REDD+ (Reducing Emissions from Deforestation and Forest Degradation) projects around the world that help to protect and restore some of our most important forests,” he continued. “These forests play an essential role in mitigating climate change and preserving biodiversity.”The brand, which has taken other steps towards a greener future, like banning fur, is just one of many labels working towards sustainability. Designers like Jean Paul Gaultier have also gone fur free (he called the process “absolutely deplorable“), as has Prada, who in addition, introduced their #PradaReNylon initiative, through which they released green versions of their iconic nylon bags and announced their plans to use only a recycled version of the fabric.“A new decade of corporate accountability is upon us and as businesses we all need to be diligent in taking all steps to mitigate our impacts, including being transparent and responsible for our Greenhouse Gas emissions across our supply chains,” added Bizzarri.  “We are redefining carbon neutrality to encompass our entire supply chain and we hope other CEOs across sectors will view this as a call to action. Because collective action is needed now in order to make a significant contribution to our nature and society in the coming decade and for our future generations.” As for Gucci’s carbon — good riddance.MadeMe knows how to market — and loves a good collab. For the last few seasons, the New York City label helmed by Supreme’s Erin Magee has teamed up with both Converse and X-Girl to deliver riot grrrl-inspired streetwear and somehow, even cooler ads. Most recently, the brand tapped Mayan Toledano to shoot some of Oyster’s top girl crushes, including Paloma Elsesser, Oyster #113 angel Coco Gordon-Moore and Madonna’s daughter Lourdes Leon (before she walked the runway at Gypsy Sport). Now, for their latest instalment in their ongoing partnership with X-Girl, they’ve seamlessly done it again… and this time with Amandla Stenberg.“I chose Amandla as the campaign star because her art and point of view align very well with MadeMe,” Magee said about the casting. “She stands for the same things we stand for. That always comes above and beyond beauty. But what’s cool, is she is super beautiful too!”Shot again by Toledano, the campaign sees Stenberg wearing the MadeMe x X-Girl F/W ’19 collection looking dreamy AF.Featuring striped tees, oversized hoodies, printed cargos and a statement fleece zip-up, the collection marries MadeMe’s now signature feminine but probably holding a skateboard style with the effortless 90s cool girl energy upon which X-Girl was founded. OG girl crush Kim Gordon actually launched the label in LA back in 1994, before she sold it to the Japanese company that’s revitalised it through collaborations like the one with MadeMe over the last few years. Their cute but DGAF aesthetic paired with MadeMe’s feminist ethos is essentially Amandla Stenberg in clothing form… which is why it’ll probably sell out ASAP.In 2011, the FBI described juggalos as a “loosely-organised hybrid gang, rapidly expanding… engaging in criminal activity and violence” but to the masses, juggalos – and juggalettes – are simply followers of the hardcore hip-hop genre, horrorcore and the Insane Clown Posse (ICP). Lead by the iconic duo, Violent J and Shaggy 2 Dope, ICP have created a juggalo credo — a culture and lifestyle where people from all walks of life are invited to join their “family”. Sporting a killer aesthetic born in Detroit in 1989, Violent and Shaggy have a huge counterculture fanbase. The style is a gothic mood-board of cyberpunk meets baggy tees and sports jerseys, ICP merch, often tatted-up and almost always baring a fresh (or crusty) face of clownish makeup.However, the juggalo lewk is increasingly making its way outside the “family” and, besides the best dressed at the annual Gathering of the Juggalos festival, a few fashion brands/names are embracing this rather scary, rather sexy schmood.  In August this year, Petra Collins gifted Instagram with #hotclownsummer, starring Petra herself serving trailer park chic with serious juggalo vibes. Dressed in a baggy yellow tee and slurping on a soda, or styled in a teeny-tiny fluro bikini and taking public bathroom mirror selfies, the evil yet trendy ICP aesthetic is an absolute vibe – shot by photographer Moni Maworth with cute but psycho face paint by makeup artist Kali Kennedy.November 2018 saw fashion’s most orthopaedic footwear, Birkenstock, collab with Berlin mag turned “remove before sex” clothing label O32c – giving us a very tough juggalo inspired shoot. The result: two tonguing juggalos and a kink we didn’t know we had…Before Birkenstock was Berlinified, the Myspace-discovered singer-songwriter Sky Ferreira repped an ICP tribute  for dystopian streetwear label Darkdron. Shot by sultry Californian based photographer, Sandy Kim, the collection titled ‘Unwelcome’ was influenced by the Friday the 13th horror franchise, as well as, well – juggalos. Darkdron Founder, Gio Forbice told Hypebeast, “We love the look of these fans. We think their mood sits perfectly with the Darkdron ideology.” Because what’s not to love about leftist values and resisting social norms? Meanwhile, on hit US television shows like Saturday Night Live, Always Sunny in Philadelphia and Workaholics, representations of juggalos are also #trending – although more for laughs than fashion. Perhaps it was Mr. Couture, Alexander McQueen who really brought juggalos into mainstream and luxury fashion. ‘What A Merry-Go-Round’ was a stunning and spooky FW02 runway show that proved there’s nothing more fashun than sad clown-faced gals riding a carousel in couture. The following year, for FW02, his dark and twisted beauty looks potentially pulled from juggalo paint.FYI if this whoop whooping has got you feeling inspired, you should defs join – only twelve easy steps and you’re family.The shapewear formerly known as Kimono, now Skims, is absolutely selling through despite its rather official PR issues. And, incase you don’t already feel poor/ugly enough via looking at Kimberly’s grid, TMZ have reported that she made about $2 million bucks in the first few minutes after dropping the collections yesterday (FYI and for perspective, it took Spanx about a year to earn $4 mil).Pretty much all of it is now sold out, apart from a few smaller sizes. But ladies looking for large through to XXL are signing up for waitlists. Kind of incredible for a brand that was accused of cultural appropriation by all of Kyoto/the internet.Virgil Abloh has been everywhere the last few seasons. I mean, he’s basically the ultimate multi-hyphenate: artist-turned-DJ-turned-designer-turned-photographer-turned-DJ again… is there anything he can’t do? Rest, apparently. But that’s about to change: the designer has announced he will be taking a three month break from traveling and public life, per doctor’s orders.In a new interview with Vogue, Abloh said: “I’m excited to drop the kids off at school and be able to be here for those moments… In high school I always took pride in the award where you didn’t have any sick days (but now) being busy isn’t working.”Don’t worry, though, “I’m using this as I do everything else, as a way to propel me forward,” he said.Of course, with Fashion Month kicking off in New York this week, everyone is wondering what exactly that means for Off-White this season. According to a spokesperson for Abloh, the designer will still be creating the event, even though he won’t be attending.“Virgil is designing the Off-White show in Paris to replace his attendance, with a creative new approach that will include crowd participation,” the brand said in a statement. “He continues to work closely with his teams at Louis Vuitton and Off-White as well as with brands he collaborates with around the world.”So, basically, Virgil Abloh does more during his time off than everyone else during crunch week.Victor Barragàn, who at at the wheel of one of NYFW’s most exciting brands, Barragàn, has done it yet again. And by ‘it’, we mean that he has turned something we’ve been taught to be ashamed of into a fashion statement. When we first met the brand it was celebrating nip slips via a conveniently breast-shaped zipper, and queerness by way of a household typeface. Now, we’re talking hickies.That’s right, you guys. Barragàn sent their models out with completely exposed and completely sexy hickies — no toothpaste home remedies in sight. Created by make-up artist Marcelo Gtierrez, the look was a cute representation of the Downtown Mexico City club scene that inspired the whole collection. So good!KFC Russia had bucket hats and now Cheetos has Flamin’ Haute Couture. Yes, the orange chips that leave dust all over your fingertips now has a fashion line, which they debuted at NYFW. I mean, every year, something outrageous happens to kick off Fashion Month, but that usually ends up being the VFILES show. This season, however, the company opened a Cheetos pop-up to kick off the season and staged a fashion show complete with Cheeto-branded everything, tiger spotted pumps and a whole lotta tulle.If that weren’t enough, rapper Saweetie performed at the event, and there were Flamin’ Hot Cheetos literally everywhere. The event also had booths where makeup artists gave attendees Cheeto-inspired beauty looks and a crazy red and orange screen to take Cheeto-styled selfies.Honestly, I can’t believe I’m typing any of this…. or maybe I can? With branding being the way that it is now, and people calling themselves brands, it makes sense that actual brands would take advantage and throw their name on everything, including high end clothes (side note: I’ve never said the word ‘brand’ that much in one sentence). Plus, with how popular Flamin’ Hot Cheetos are, it’s easy to imagine a bunch of fashion girls, Supreme stans and hype machines standing in line for hours to get their Cheeto-dusted paws on a bunch of ironic Cheetos merch. Watch out Prada, it looks like Cheetos will have this seasons most popular flame platform: the Flamin’ Haute Couture Heel.But if you don’t believe me, and think I just made this up or am pranking you à la Nicki Minaj’s retirement, don’t worry. You can watch the whole Cheeto show, below. For real.You know how people say ‘Game recognises game?’ Well, weird also recognises weird. And Rick Owens’ ongoing collaboration with Estonian rapper Tommy Cash is proof. The two recently teamed up on a conceptual art exhibition titled “The Pure And The Damned,” in Estonia; they also worked together on Cash’s track “Mona Lisa” (yes, Rick Owens kind of raps). Last year, Owens even opened his S/S ’19 menswear show to exclusive remixes of the rapper’s singles “Leave Me Alone” and “Pussy Money Weed.” So, it only makes sense that Cash would call up his friend, Rick, who just happens to be a fashion a designer, when he was looking to design and drop some new merch. Right?Featuring a hoodie, shirt and “mini Soviet carpet,” whatever the hell that means, the new line features simple black garments with white logos — an oddly minimalist drop for both the rapper and Owens, but especially Cash, who likes to call himself “the colourful Rick Owens.”“Usually Rick Owens’ creations are much more expensive,” he said about the collab. “I wished to bring globally-renowned fashion closer to people. I wanted to give people an opportunity to buy a piece of work from a legendary designer with a reasonable price.”And the adoration is mutual. When asked by Dazed by he continues teaming up the rapper, Rick Owens said “Tommy’s music is intimate, raw, modern, and weird. I wish I was him.”#RelationshipGoalsAt a time when early-00s fashion is peaking harder than it did in its heyday, Kimora Lee Simmon’s street fabulous brand Baby Phat needs no introduction. Naturally, the label is getting an official relaunch, and with that Kimora Lee is on the press trail.In a recent profile for The Cut, it’s revealed in an aside that the brand has one very important and very fashionable fan: Rihanna. Apparently, she bought an entire Baby Phat archive off fashion collector, Gabriel Held, just last year.Gabriel confirmed the statement over at Page Six, adding that “he’s worked with the musician’s team regularly in the past and when they found out he had a number of original Baby Phat pieces, they asked to purchase his whole collection.”Simon Porte Jacquemus, inventor of the smallest bag in fashion and top tier fashion zaddy, as just been compared to the biggest ugh in pop culture: Scott Disick. RUDE. Of course, it’s not all his face’s fault, it seems being spotted out and about with Kourtney Kardashian, who obv dated Scott many times, is what’s to blame for this downright unjust comparison.“Kourtney Kardashian Wears Nothing Underneath A White Tank Top With A Scott Disick Look-Alike,” read the headlines. “Kourtney Kardashian Spotted With Scott Disick Look-Alike In Braless Chaha Matcha & Shopping Outing.” Honestly stop. Also: she is SO wearing a bra! Also: IT DOESN’T MATTER.It’s obvious that Riccardo Tisci’s vision at Burberry is broad — a 101 look FW19 show is not trying to disguise this. Swathing models with everything from the house’s classic supreme tailoring and iconic trench coats, to trackies with fur puff sleeved corsets and diamonté-fringed rugby jerseys, he needed a campaign that could do both — so to speak.Feeling this, the house reunited contrasting photographers Nick Knight and Danko Steiner to capture the free and experimental youth perspective as well as the refined and classic, respectively.“At the core of what we are doing at Burberry is a passion for the house to become an identity and a lifestyle – one that transcends barriers and is inclusive to all,” Tisci said. “This campaign explores the many facets of British culture and how they coexist. Together, Danko and Nick celebrate the importance of self-expression and identity through their own distinct lenses”The cast includes Gigi Hadid, Irina Shayk, Fran Summers, Sora Choi, He Cong and Alexis Chaparro, alongside Freja Beha Erichsen, Finn Rosseel, Shayna McNeill, Anna Ross, Kacie Hall, Heejung Park, Mammina Aker, Xie Yunpeng, Junior Vasquez, Benji Arvay and Maxwell Annoh who all make their Burberry ad campaign debuts. Very good.PS: The full collection is available to purchase in store and on Burberry.com globally from today.Australian label P.A.M, who we love forever and ever even though they are now Parisian, have arrived with a FW19 collection that asks us to do our favourite thing which is literally nothing. The collection, ‘Beyond The Clouds’ is “a reminder that amidst all the chaos and frenetic energy, there is also a calm energy around all of us.” We can get that.Among technical fabrics, crushed velvet urban camos, floral wonder and atmospheric blobs, we see a seasonal must-have tie dye and a lesser loved attraction: the pigeon. “Pigeons live on the streets of Paris but then take flight and soar above the basilicas, shops and people,” the press release reads. “Likewise flowers are everywhere around us and remind us that we should look within nature, as nature is always watching.” And just like that, we stan a cooing legend.Shop the collection right here, right now.Vetements is known for taking the nostalgic and making it fashion in an kind of unironic, ironic way. I mean, remember Crocs? Speaking of Crocs, though, they need to move on over. There’s a new ugly in a fashionable shoe in town. And you might even recognise it.Remember when you were little and you’d go to your friends for a sleepover and pack your most fashionable slippers? Well, mine were Winnie the Pooh. And thanks to Demna Gvasalia, teddy bear slippers are making a comeback. Adult slumber parties FTW.As part of the Vetements FW20 collection, the brand has debuted a new teddy bear slipper made of cotton, alpaca, and mohair, and it even comes with velcro straps so you can adjust the bear’s paws. But that’s not all: the brand has also brought back the iconic ’90s cool girl accessory: the teddy bear backpack. BRB while I dig through my grandparents attic to look for mine because I don’t have 700 euros.Based on photos from the brand recent show, the FW20 collection is bringing back sleepwear in a big way, not just through accessories. The designer showed cartoon-printed striped PJ pants with his teddy slippers. It’s Kurt Cobain (who Demna’s channeled before) meets You’re Invited To Mary-Kate & Ashley’s Sleepover Party aka my dream aesthetic in a nutshell. Now I can wear my pyjamas all year and call it fashion.Thanks, Vetements.As you very well know by now, Nike just announced a shoe that legit makes running easy. The Nike Joyride Run Flyknit is a literal beanbag for your foot that has a customised cushioning thing going on to absorb all the impact. Very cool and very science.To prove just how effective this shoe is, Nike dragged a bunch of uncoordinated and very reluctant runners — aka people who display endurance only in continually paying for a gym membership they don’t even use, aka people who consider self-care to be no more than sharing an Epsom bath with a glass of riesling on a Wednesday night, aka us — to Seoul to do a casual 4km run. As you can imagine, my suitcase was not the only thing I was packing.Arrival was chill, we did a Korean beauty tour and bought snail juice for our chins, collagen pads for our eyes and foot masks that promise you will shed like a reptile and reveal yourself as a newborn. I met Sarah Holloway, a former lawyer turned matcha queen and podcaster. I felt like she was my speed — she has a job that requires sitting — though I must say she was significantly more enthused about the run than I was. And then she dropped the bomb: she ran a flipping marathon a few days ago. I smile through my teeth and very consciously correct my body language so as not to look incapably out of my depth.Approaching run time, I sought some inspiration. I asked you guys via Instagram what gets you in the mood to run, which podcasts you listen to, and why you even do the running. You told me many things: “Run in an area filled with nature sounds,” got it. “Listen to Eminem,” maybe. “I would listen to ‘Not Really’ in which gay men rate the hotness of US political candidates,” locked and loaded quite frankly.But what I found really worked for me, was looking the part. Dress for the job you want kinda vibe. I headed to the Nike flagship in Gangnam-gu to find a look and, not to be dramatic, but the only thing that really got me inspired to move my body more than actually required was this Nike x Marine Serre situation. Now fully committed to the idea that my bank account was not the only thing getting a work out (lol sorry), I went back to my hotel room to limber up / watch 4 episodes of Orange Is The New Black.A bus arrives to take us to our starting positions and on each seat is a white cloth embroidered ‘Happy Tour’ — I love this and photograph it from three different angles because it is a sick joke without meaning to be one. We get to our lockers and I am immediately impressed by the seating that has been DIY’d out of the same coloured balls found inside the Joyride, I photograph it from seven different angles and make sure everyone around me knows that I can identify good design. “I want to take these home,” I say too many times. I sit down on my new favourite seats and slide my foot into the Joyrides for the first time — it feels like butter, or like getting into clean sheets with freshly shaven baby dolphin legs. They feel really good.We’re split into groups of about 15 and given two ‘pacers’ who will run with us, and probably yell encouraging words at us that I hope I am not too sensitive to take on board. We start moving at a steady pace, one foot in front of the other just how you imagine running to work. I’m mid pack, which feels good — I didn’t want to be at the front carrying the burden of expectation too soon. It’s also 30 degrees celsius and 85% humidity and swamp ass is a serious threat.Running through the streets I see more of Seoul than I imagined — fascinating displays in Hanbok rental windows, glowing tanks packed with live seafood, BBQ ribs that I negotiate stopping for with one of my run buddies, the accidental Dries Van Noten dressing of Korean grandmas, a palace backed by a mountain range. It’s brilliant.After 2km we stop for an isotonic drink and a dry towel to pat our leaking bodies. Will Moroski gives us some quick intel on the innovation process and tells us why exactly running those first 2km was so easy. We believe him and it’s not just because he looks like this.By now I am inspired! I’m running in a shoe that took ten years to develop and I am among the first to do it. Not just ready for another 2km, but actually looking forward to it, the Nike crew send us back to the streets and I am literally BEAMING with runners’ high. Plus, there is the promise of an after party at the other end and with prospects of cold beer and fried chicken. I move closer to the front of the pack. I hit play on Eminem’s ‘Lose Yourself’ (just for the intro) just as Instagram user @fresh_princess_of_fitzroy suggested earlier in the day, and I start drafting an email in my head alerting the authorities that this is now a running magazineShortly after running 4km, landing at the after party, plus the additional steps I clocked walking to a from the fried chicken buffet a semi-embarrassing amount of times, I’m introduced to one Will Moroski — the guy with the abs from before, who just so happens to be the Senior Product Line Manager who brought this shoe from dream to reality. You bet I’ve got questions. “The hardest part about developing the shoe, was that we knew what had to be done but we just couldn’t do it,” he tells me. I empathise entirely because this is exactly me with running/exercising/being a fit person.“Normally Nike looks at two years to develop a shoe, but the innovation for this one took ten years,” he adds. “Once they had the beads, it took us three and a half years to put it in the shoe.” Um, if that isn’t inspiration enough to get up and do the thing you’ve been banging on about doing — a la ‘just do it’ — I don’t know what is.Still not convinced? To be honest, my calf muscles were starting to hurt and the runners’ high wearing thin, so I put it straight to Will: Why running? Why do you want to encourage people to run? “Running has always been that thing that you don’t have to pay for, you can literally do it where ever you are in the world — the access is gigantic,” he says. “That’s one of our missions at Nike, to make running or sport a daily habit because we know the health benefits — the mental health benefits — of just being able to disconnect from the stress of work and relationships and life.” “This technology gives us the opportunity to invite a new runner just to go out and have a good time,” he adds. “Not run 10kms, because that sounds way too hard, but just run around the block — run to get a cocktail.” Ok, mood.In a new campaign that refuses to disappoint, Calvin Klein have put a bunch of VERY cute people in underwear — allowing us to explore ‘sexy’ from different ‘real’ perspectives. The results: unanimously really sexy.Shot by Daniel Jackson, images of Beth Ditto, Naomi Campbell, Bella Hadid, Odell Beckham Jr., Euphoria’s Jacob Elordi, Diplo, actor Jelly Lin and musician Lay Zhang are captured in contrasting ways — predictably perfect black and white underwear campaign, and in raw domestic bliss, #MyCalvinsIRL underlines society’s current grapple with public and private life.Though, please note, private life for this cast does not include sauce-stained trackies and a computer full of chip crumbs over-heating from watching 14 episodes of whatever in a row. Rather, it means remaining incredibly good looking even when caught in the act of pulling your pants up or sitting on a pillow in an unconventional way. Mood.Leave it to a couple of Central Saint Martins Alumni to make incredible fashions off the back of, say, the Bulgarian traditions they’ve lived and the 80s rock climbing tropes they’ve been gripped, dominated and chokeslammed by — or, Albanian dress and equestrian vaulting. Enter Emma Chopova and Laura Lowena, and their beyond avant-garde, highly eccentric and utterly rebellious label Chopova Lowena.Oddities aside, their craftsmanship is nothing but punctual. Fantastic colour combinations meet in architectural theatrics — stiff and buckle waists hold up recycled tapestries of dependable checks and illustrative florals, charms appear to be right where you left them, and don’t get us started on the jewellery.Captivated completely by their ability to refine eclecticism, and in celebration of the label’s capsule collection created for the stage of Matchesfashion.com, we asked the women to fill out our Collection Survey.Name/s: Emma Chopova and Laura LowenaStarsign/s: Emma- Leo , Laura-TaurusWhere are you from and where do you live now? Emma was born in Bulgaria, grew up in New Jersey and now lives in Stoke Newington, London. Laura is from Somerset, England and now lives in New Cross, London.Any personal beliefs or values that are meaningful to your work? Heritage, craft, skill, community.And what were you doing, learning or practicing before you started working on your line?Studying at Central Saint Martins for 7 years each.Can you tell me a little bit of background on the collection and label — any inspirations, references, important collaborations?Our brand is about the juxtaposition of traditional dress and sportswear. We focus on different regions of traditional dress and a different sport every season which is how we start each collection. We started our brand with a book called Kukeri, in collaboration with Charlotte Wales, which showcased the mix of references. Our current AW19 collection is based on equestrian vaulting and traditional Albanian dress.If the collection was a colour: all coloursIf it was a mood: weaving vaulterIf it was an animal: frizzle chickenIf it was a time: now and thenIf it was a song: Marie Davidson, ‘Work It’If it was a season: winterIf it was a food: steak baklavaIf it was a famous person: Bianca CasadyIf it was a YouTube video:If it was a smell: cherryIf it was a texture: hairyIf it was a film: Time of the GypsiesIf it was a quote: “Hurry slowly”It’s reported that British artist and designer, Patrick Church, dropped out of art school three times. But that hasn’t stopped him becoming a beacon of individuality for New York’s queer community (and beyond), scoring places in the wardrobes of brilliant dressers like Oyster cover girl Teyana Taylor, life icons Lil Kim and Christina Aguilera, cultural gatekeeper Aquaria, our fave Rico Nasty and even one Tan France.Patrick works beyond the limitations of gendered clothing — his AW19 collection, ‘Dearly Beloved’ featured signature hand-painted everything, from jackets to thigh-highs, to the covetable mini bag and two major frocks modelled by “bride boys”. Big swoon.Here, photographer Harshvardhan Shah and Oyster regular Robert Tennent tread deeply into Patricks fine line world — from canvas to clothing to skin — collaborating wholly together in total reference to Patrick’s important work embracing the queer community and encouraging at once togetherness and individuality.Where did you grow up and where do you live now?I grew up in England but I currently live in New York CityWhat were you into in high school?Cigarettes.In what ways have you changed since then?In too many ways.Do you remember the first time you realised you were good at creative stuff? What did you first make?I think I realised pretty early on that being creative was the only thing that made me feel confident. I can’t remember the first thing I made.What does making art do for you? What sorts of life stuff has it helped you conquer? It is definitely cathartic. To me it’s a form of meditation and expression, a diary of my life, it really has saved me in so many ways.And what lead you into a fashion realm?I have always been obsessed with fashion, I never found anything I connected with and wanted to wear, so I decided to look at fashion from a personal point of view.Do you think fashion still has the ability to perform self expression?I think the future for me in self expression is best served through colour and inventing textile and prints, its hard to think of someone reinventing the t-shirt but its not hard to think that art in all it forms can merge with fashion to breathe more life into individuality.Where is your favourite place to work?In my studio in New York… but I get my best ideas on airplanes.What’s the best work you’ve ever made?I dislike everything after I make it — I’m really hard on myself and find it difficult to appreciate any of my work after it’s completed. It’s something I am working on. Part of me feels that if I fall in love with my work, there will be no more room to grow creatively.What’s the best work someone else has ever made?Jordan Wolfson’s ‘Female Figure’.What is a skill you wish you possessed?I wish I could sing, badly, but I am awful.Best Youtube clip you’ve ever seen?Naomi Campbell walking. What’s on rotation on your Soundcloud at the moment?Donna Summer ALWAYS.Finally — tell us about what you’ve been working on lately… what are you achieving this year?My new collection, and working on an art show to coincide that launches in September. And expanding our underwear line!Despite the trash heap that is modern culture (influencer fraud, Chernobyl influencers, Timothée Chalamet dolls, anyone?), there are still some things that are truly remarkable. Crocs are not one of them. What is remarkable, though, is how many (and how much) people love them — and the fact that we’re still talking about them. I mean, Balenciaga did them; Post Malone did them; there’s goth Crocs… and now there are Croc gloves. It’s 2019, people! Anything can happen. KFC has a merch line!But back to Crocs. Apparently, the people over at Unnecessary Inventions have run through all of their other unnecessary inventions, and decided they wanted to hit it big with Croc handwear. Coming in bright blue, the 3D printed Croc glove is as unattractive as its footwear counterpart, and as frivolous as the Croc charms (called “Jibbitz” for those of who aren’t as versed in Croc lingo as me) people have used to decorate their Cricks (get it? Crocs and kicks? I think I might trademark that Kimono style).And though you really don’t need any more information than the above, if you’re curious about Croc gloves, watch the Unnecessary Inventions video below. Don’t say we didn’t warn you.Les Reveries make the kind of effortless beauty that sits well with long grass and barely manicured English gardens — or, you know, ethereal Sunday brunches with the girls.Late last year, Net-A-Porter introduced this floral dream dress label through their Vanguard program and now, they have exclusively launched Les Reveries’ very first bridal collection — and oh my Virgin Suicides, it is a significant mood.Beautiful, easy silhouettes work for the modern bride we now aspire to be — sheer moments, one-shoulder moments, slits to the hips moments have us very ready to fall in love immediately.Although, technically speaking, these low-key wedding gowns could definitely have a high-key place in our unwedded summer wardrobes, too. If you feel the same way, tap here to shop.Bonds is in the thick of a campaign that celebrates two things that we love: bold women and comfortable underwear. Last week, we introduced Liz Cambage (who tbh does not need an introduction), the legendary basketball player and unfiltered instagram babe who is a huge inspiration for us. This week, we bring you young models Emma Breschi, who is as brilliantly uncovered and truthful as they come, and Tehya Elam who is a mesmerising angel but also very real. Name: Emma Sofia BreschiAge: 25Star sign: VirgoWhere were you born and where are you now?I was born in Switzerland, my parents are Italian and Filipino, I grew up in Thailand and now I live in London.How did you get to where you are in life, and what motivated you or brought you here?Going with the flow, enjoying the ride — doing me, whilst working hard and not comparing myself to others.Outside of modelling, what are you good at?Writing really shit songs with my sister. We have a band called No Girl.What do you wish you were better at?Surfing.When was the last time you met someone who changed you? Who and how?A psychic called Sue Phillips. She told me to stop seeing psychics, lol — love you, Sue!What do you like to do offline and how important is it for you to draw a line between online and offline times?I’m never offline… I live for the drama. Lol, I’m joking, social media seriously is not my life. That’s why balance is so important. You have to cherish being in the moment. I love going surfing or going on long walks with my dogs. That’s my favourite time to switch off.Is staying real important? What does it mean to you and how do you check yourself?I don’t know any other way to be, I’m just really honest. But maybe real for me is just lazy? Being naked, with no makeup most of the time is easier for me and less strenuous on my bank account. I have mad respect for Insta baddies and the amount of work they put in for their consistently polished posts. That’s also pretty amazing to see! Honestly, I think being real is being true to yourself, whatever that truth may be, polished or not.As someone who is influential, how do you maintain being real and unfiltered but also being aspirational? Are there parts of you that you hide?I’m pretty open, but I think there are parts of me that my mother wishes were hidden (lol). The truth is, I never had the intention of being “influential”, I’m just a really honest person. So I guess through social media and the way I am it happens naturally. I don’t have a strategic plan with how I go about using my voice and platform. I simply enjoy opening up conversations about various things that I am passionate about.Inside of modelling, how do you overcome the difficult stuff — comparing yourself to others at castings, overcoming rejection and these negative things that are quite common in the industry?Honestly? I’m so tired that I never have the time or the energy to worry about other people. I actually enjoy negative things, because they allow me to appreciate the positive things so much more. I never hold onto negative feelings for too long or take things too personally. I try to see things from a different perspective, which might explain why I tend to find rude people really funny, especially when they’re being rude to me — it’s odd but I actually get a kick out of it. I’m sure you’ve noticed by now, I’m pretty weird… I have a dark sense of humour, which usually works to my advantage, especially in an industry like this. At the end of the day, if my existence bothers someone, I usually thank them for their feedback and show them where the unfollow button is. Thank you, next!What things do you do to make sure you’re mentally and physically healthy?I shuffle cards every morning and evening (whether you think that’s mentally healthy or not — it seems to work for me). My friends and family think I’m a bit crazy or obsessed, but I find it really therapeutic. It’s like meditation for me. I usually shuffle my cards for like 20 minutes and it gives me time to recenter.Do you think there is enough awareness of physical and mental health in the industry? Are there any people or figures you look to for leadership on these fronts?I think now more than ever, people are more open to having real deep and meaningful conversations. There are so many people encouraging others to open up, explore new ideas — embracing who they are and raising their voices. I have so many favourite leaders at the moment, that I look up to a lot: Munroe Bergdof, Chidera Eggerue (The Slum Flower), @Steven, Venus Libido and of course Bloody Good Period — the work they do to break down taboos behind menstruation and ending period poverty is amazing. I also love @loveyourmutha, which is a YouTube channel I work with that’s dedicated to celebrating all things in sustainability and conscious living.Can you say that you feel comfy in your body? I know it’s a learning process, so I wondered how you stay positive in an industry (and online world) that loves to judge.I know it’s different for everyone and everyone’s journey is their own. But the way I see it… if I were lying on my death bed contemplating my life… I definitely won’t be thinking “Damn, I wish I had abs.” You know what I mean? Like bro, I got bigger fish to fry and other things in mind. I’d much rather spend my time figuring out how to master an orgasm than fuss over my BMI. That’s just me. As long as I’m healthy, happy and trying to be the best I can be within myself, that’s all that matters. I know it’s not easy for everybody, but honestly the moment you let go of self doubt, you let in self love!Which parts of yourself do you love the most?I love my lips (both of them) hahahahahaha, get it? Ahhh man, I really hope you got that!And, of course we gotta ask, how do you feel in Bonds?I feel most comfortable when I’m naked. But wearing Bonds… I feel naked, therefore I am comfortable.Do you have any favourite pieces or colours from the Retro Rib collection?Power blue! Always.Finally, do you think comfy undies can change the world?Of course! Like my Filipino mother says in her accent, “Make shure yew alwaze hab da clean pantehs.”Name: Tehya ElamAge: 19Star sign: AriesWhere were you born and where are you now? I was bon in Las Vegas, Nevada, and I am currently based in New York City.How did you get to where you are in life, and what motivated you or brought you here? God opened up the door for me and with trust in my agency, I was able to go with the flow. My family and friends motivated me the most throughout this journey — to have thick skin and always stay true to myself, never forgetting where I came from. Outside of modelling, what are you good at?I really enjoy painting and making collages. I’d like to say I’m good at it, but it doesn’t matter as long as I enjoy my time doing it. What do you wish you were better at? I wish I was better at seeing things through. So much catches my attention and I find it hard to stick with one thing before jumping to start the next. When was the last time you met someone who changed you? Who and how? My friend Skylar said something that stuck with me earlier this week, she said “What you say and do, is who you are.” As someone seeking meaning and purpose — it really resonated with me. What do you like to do offline, and how important is it for you to draw a line between online and offline times? I love being creative offline, whether working on my art, reading, or picking up new hobbies like skateboarding. I am also a very spiritual person, so I meditate and ground a lot. I’ve never been big with social media or spending a lot of time on the internet, but I find myself doing it more and more these days. So every month I take a day or two to completely unplug from all devices. It aids my mental health. Is staying real important? What does it mean to you and how do you check yourself?  Being real to me means not faking who you are because of your environment.  The way I check myself is being aware of what I’m doing in those moments when I’m not being my authentic self, shaking it off, and then letting it go. As someone who is influential, how do you maintain being real and unfiltered but also being aspirational? Are there parts of you that you hide?I don’t know if I’d consider myself influential, but I stay true by constantly being in tune with myself and the vibrations I’m giving off. I have brothers and sisters who look up to me and I strive to do my best at all times because I want them to do the same. Inside of modelling, how do you overcome the difficult stuff — comparing yourself to others at castings, overcoming rejection and these negative things that are quite common in the industry?I try to check myself whenever faced with a road block, constantly questioning where it stems from. So if I find myself comparing my journey to someone else’s, I remember there’s only one me and that everybody is in their own lane.  It helps me to overcome rejection. Understanding that not everything is meant for me. A mantra I keep in mind is “Don’t compete, don’t compare.” What things do you do to make sure you’re mentally and physically healthy?I am very passionate about mental and physical health, and believe they go hand in hand. I meditate, I communicate thoughtfully, I write. I stay energised by eating well, going for walks, stretching and lots of yoga.  Do you think there is enough awareness of physical and mental health in the industry? Are there any people or figures you look to for leadership on these fronts?I feel like these topics are being brought up more and more, but I don’t know how to determine whether it’s enough. Regardless — it matters that it’s being discussed. Can you say that you feel comfy in your body? I know it’s a learning process, so I wondered how you stay positive in an industry (and online world) that loves to judge.I feel so comfortable in my body, but it wasn’t always like that. I too used to look in the mirror and shame myself on how I looked — but now I see my reflection and say, “I love you!” This is my body and an outside perspective has no say in how I’m going to feel on the inside. Which parts of yourself do you love the most?My spirit.And, of course we gotta ask, how do you feel in Bonds?Comfortable!Do you have any favourite pieces or colours from the Retro Rib collection?The Retro Rib collection has a teal and pink colour that I’m obsessed with.Finally, do you think comfy undies can change the world?Yes!We’ve been reeling ever since we got our first glimpse of Arivenchy and, luckily, Ariana and designer Clare Waight Keller know we need more to quench our thirst. Earlier today, the duo dropped their second visual featuring Grande as the face of the brand. Like the original campaign, the new video is also shot by Craig McDean, showing Ari in the collab’s signature black-and-white, giving us a behind-the-scenes-look at the official campaign.In the video, though, the singer dances around and makes up a song, before she has to BRB to take a call. Rushing out in her Givenchy, she tells McDean that she’ll be keeping the look, and to forward her the bill. #EverythingGoals.Watch the video below.With The Hustler trailer out and the upcoming Safdie Brothers diamond district thriller starring The Weeknd and Adam Sandler, we’ve been thinking a lot about what it really means to be a hustler. And it seems we’re not the only ones. This week, Alexander Wang dropped his latest Collection 2 campaign as a series of movie posters for the fictional #TheWangHustle.Shot by Hugo Comte and styled by Haley Wollens, the posters starring Anna Ewers are all paired with epic quotes that tell the story of a bitch bad enough to hang with J.Lo, Lili Reinhart and Cardi B for sure.“She’s not a paper chaser. She’s a money maker,” the series starts. “Her next move? You’ll never know. She’s on the run — so catch her if you can.”“She wasn’t born into the lap of luxury. She earned it,” it continues. “Keep your friends close and your funds closer. Nothing’s more romantic than your own success.”Honestly, PREACH. But also, can #TheWangHustle be an IRL movie? The scenery, the fat stacks of money, and of course, the wardrobe, make this a recipe for blockbuster success. And did we mention Collection 2 is sick AF?See for yourself above.While Forever 21 hasn’t ever really been a company that has been held to high moral standards, what with its reported sweatshop-like working conditions, its failure to pay staff correctly, its fines over safety hazards, over 50 alleged copyright violations, use of toxic metals, and its Christian agenda, their most recent move still shocks.If you can believe it: Forever 21 has been slipping Atkins weight-loss bars into orders that contain plus-sized clothing. This is… incredible. While it is true that we, over here, would not complain about a free snack, it’s also incredibly rude, uncalled for, and a fairly shit message about dieting to be sending to young people regardless of their sizing.Since being called out online, Forever 21 has released a statement pinning it down to an “oversight”:“From time to time, Forever 21 surprises our customers with free test products from third parties in their e-commerce orders. The freebie items in question were included in all online orders, across all sizes and categories, for a limited time and have since been removed. This was an oversight on our part and we sincerely apologise for any offence this may have caused to our customers, as this was not our intention in any way.”All hail the queen, the OG, the big boss, Kate Moss. The 45-year-old model has added yet another campaign to her list, with a dappled sun serving of Alexander McQueen Autumn/Winter 2019. The visuals — shot by photographer Jamie Hawkesworth and director Masha Vasyukova, in McQueen Creative Director Sarah Burton’s hometown in the Northern English Countryside — show Moss effortlessly killing it as per usual. Who says there’s nothing great about Britain? The collection itself is Burton’s love letter to the Red Rose of Lancaster, with flowing structural shapes and bold pops of pink and, well, red. Cinched waists and glossy blacks ensure, though, that things stay very far removed from the typical English rose — as per the McQueen raison d’être.“I went home for this collection, back to where I grew up in the North of England, surrounded by mill towns and wild countryside. I took my team to those mills, to a landscape that I remember from my childhood. The heart of the collection is inspired by the bolts of cloth we saw woven both by man and machine,” said Burton of her creative process and inspirations for this season.See for yourself, below.Marc Jacobs has a lot on his plate right now. First, the designer is single handedly keeping Babushkacore alive, and now, he’s learning how to drive. God bless him.Over the weekend, Marc decided he wanted to learn how to drive inside a Home Depot parking lot in Connecticut. In an orange bucket hat and head-to-toe The Marc Jacobs x Peanuts collab, the designer gets behind the wheel, learns to break and even corrects his own driving instructor. When the instructor, aka Nick, tells Marc to keeps his hands at “ten and two” the universal steering wheel location points, he says, “No they’re supposed to be at nine and three now… Instagram people say nine and three.”Gotta love him.But don’t worry — Jacobs’ driving shenanigans don’t end at Home Depot. In the video, the designer drives on over to the Porsche dealership and buys his first car… because who says being a parallel parker isn’t reason enough for a luxury ride?Watch the video below.The dude that shoots Kimmy K’s grainy nudes and pap setups, as well as Ariana Grande’s more innocent/on brand BTS moments, has just been outed as a major problem by fashion/culture police Diet Prada.After the photographer, Marcus Hyde, posted a shoot call out on his insta stories, what followed were feral convos and a series of implicating screenshots. “Who wants to shoot?” he asks, and the shady Instagram casting begins. He then asks model Sunnaya Nash to send nude images, “Gotta see if you’re worth it,” he says. When the Nash refuse to send nudes, he decides he’ll only do the shoot for $2,000 or they can “find someone else” and he’ll “keep shooting celebs.”So far, the narrative is slimy at best — not super surprising for someone with a feed of his… calibre… and for someone as partial to deceiving captions of BTS shots of celebs in luxury brands claiming the photo was *for* said luxury brand. “This is not only gross but it’s bordering on extortion,” Michelle Visage commented.Take into consideration model Charlie Qu’s open letter from 2018, wherein her alleged assault by Kesler Tran and alleged rape by Marcus Hyde are detailed, and things become much more serious than slimy.  Soon after Nash posted her screenshots, her inbox blew up with similar reportage of predatory behaviour, assault and even rape. Diet Prada publicly re-shared these stories, along with Shit Model Managements “black list” (which was taken down post-death threats), which shows that Marcus Hyde has had over three reports of sexual misconduct against him.LA photographer and peer Walter W. Brady has encouraged Hyde to deal with the situation properly, in a number of instagram stories, Hyde has yet to make a statement. Though he has begun scrubbing his instagram account, limiting comments, switching to private, deleting so far over 100 images and unfollowing all but 8 accounts.It’s been a good week for fashion campaigns. First, Bonds launched an incred new campaign that celebrates real talk, then Gucci gave us a vintage-inspired maximalist dream. Now, it’s Balenciaga’s turn, with a AW19 campaign starring IRL Parisian couples, and a sick new video by director Ed Fornieles.In the campaign imagery, captured by photographer Greg Finck, the couples kiss and chill in effortless (and oversized) Balenciaga ‘fits. As for the video, Fornieles shot the couples in voyeur-style CCTV videos of the duos discussing their relationships in an underground garage.Of course, Paris is the City of Love, so it makes sense the brand would shoot real life lovers. I just can’t decide what I love more — the campaign or the clothes.Gucci knows campaigns. And though their latest doesn’t feature Harry Styles or any cute farm animals, it does reference vintage ad campaigns from the ’50s through the ’80s, and is still dope af. Shot by frequent Gucci collaborator Glen Luchford, the Gucci Prêt-à-Porter campaign stars a group of models, including Hayett McCarthy, in a series of photos that document a fictional Gucci runway show. It’s all business and runways and fashion elites and stylists — a decidedly maximalist vibe for an overtly maximalist A/W ’19 range.Along with the campaign, the brand also released a throwback campaign film that channels all the ’50s, ’60s, ’70s and ’80s glamour of the fashion world — from the middle of the runway to behind the scenes.Peep the imagery and video, below. Oh yeah, and all hail Alessandro Michele. Still.Tyler, the Creator is arguably the best dressed musician of our generation. Inspiring boys and girls the world over to dress cute and cool in pastels and fluff, he does no wrong by setting up a decent little Golf Le Fleur collab with classic French tennis brand (read: masters of a prep mood) Lacoste. Titled ‘Golf Le Coste’ the collection features 16 pieces that lean right into Tyler’s palette and court-side hues that are so 80s even ‘off-white’ has been renamed ‘mascarpone’. It’s all unisex and it’s all straight from the Lacoste archive vault — polos, button-ups, crisp shorts, bucket hats — without missing a Flower Boy beat. It launches in Australia tomorrow (18 July) exclusively via your fave Golf store Above The Clouds — the collection will be available from 10 am in-store, with remaining stock appearing online from 12 pm. Photographer Prod Antzoulis makes work that we deeply admire — we were so stoked to feature his images in Oyster #115 (and see him work with Gucci!) and very proud to chat with him about the dynamics of creativity and self-expression while working in the Middle East. Recently, he collaborated with his creative peer, and designer, Katrine Hanna — who Oyster also happens to be a major fan of thank to her incorporating moon magic and Australian botanicals into very cool footwear.“It’s the first time I am photographed in this way,” Katrine tells us of the following images her and Prod created together, in which they both finessed vintage items sourced between Beirut, Dubai, Cyprus and Australia. “Our aesthetics join together to create something special.” Heck yeah they do.Along with the images, which truly burn with admiration, Katrine and Prod appear below in conversation about returning to the Middle East and the ‘self’, creative careers and the power of support, and, well, hummus.Katrine Hanna: That’s not hummus its foul…Prod Antzoulis: Its hummus mixed with foul no? It’s so goodYeah…anyway it’s funny you’re wearing that shirt, especially with the drawing of the camel with the Bedouin: ‘We came to move on’That’s funny you pointed it out, do you feel this relates to us being here?I feel like it relates to us when we came back here — from where we were, to come back and move on from where we left. Does that make sense? We both grew up here pretty much. I moved here when I was 4 from Australia. We’ve seen Dubai literally grow from the desert, to the multicultural hub that it has become in the Middle East. I use to live on the highway where it was all desert.It almost feels like a real life Jetson’s dystopia. Now, does that make sense? It’s changed so much though as we’ve grown up and even more when we came back from London.I guess that’s what’s exciting. Dubai definitely gave us a huge drive to grow into our careers since the city was growing so progressively around us. It was super encouraging, and it’s nice that we are growing together with it. I got excited to start learning and living in Dubai in a way that was different to when I grew up here. I had to adjust and rediscover it. I was so keen at the time on getting back in touch with my roots. Through the beauty of discovering who I was, I realised how much inspiration I had given myself by taking that decision.I feel like it’s this bigger element where we’re not just trying to help ourselves get further in our careers it’s a lot about helping the culture that grew up here progress simultaneously with the city. I get asked a lot if I feel pressure on changing the stereotypical image that the west may have of the region, but no, it’s the opposite for me, it inspires me to just create true genuine work that is beautiful and truly represents what currently exists in our generation. As I do my practice I feel like you do the same with your footwear brand in the sense of combining all of the elements from your upbringing into beautiful collections that represent your identity.Yeah for sure. Currently I have been spending a lot of time between here and Beirut and I see both environments join together through my brand. Dubai, is constantly striving for luxury, development and growth. I see this in my choice of shoe factory, constantly developing my designs and samples and achieving quality in my product. I’ve always been inspired by the making process and the transition a product or material goes through before it becomes the final piece. It’s that ever evolving and development that was happening around us growing up in Dubai that I see reflected through my work and process of working. As for Lebanon it ties in my love for nature and the outdoors. I create that balance with the luxury quality, bringing more of my organic personality through my collections and aesthetic.It’s so interesting to hear your perspective on how Dubai has affected you, it definitely feels relatable. It took me so long to really come to terms with the fact that we are people that will always struggle with our identities. Which is okay! I’ve learnt to use it to my advantage now. You mentioned earlier how diverse Dubai is and I totally agree with that. From that and throughout the process of growing up here I feel like it really taught us how to be okay with all social surroundings. It really is a skill, to be socially aware, and to be able to adapt to different environments.What are important experiences in Dubai that you feel shaped your career?Hmmm one of them is definitely my brand being in Level Shoes – the biggest shoe department store in the world that’s in the biggest mall in the world: Dubai Mall. That sounds so crazy. I never really step back to think of that. It’s great because it’s such a multicultural destination; it exposes me globally. And that’s another thing about Dubai that has shaped me: how multicultural it is. It’s made me such an adaptable person and interested in many different aspects of culture. The mix of cultures has really influenced my ideas and opened up many new doors for discovery.Working with Gucci, was a childhood dream. Growing up I always wanted to work with the brand – my mum is a huge fashion collector so I’ve grown up with vintage pieces around me. The most recent project I did with them is definitely top 3 for me. For the first time I was given the chance to creative direct/produce/style and shoot my first solo campaign in print. They gave me full trust, which was a feeling I had never experienced before. Trust is a super important element to my work, especially when working on commissioned projects. The client really has to put their trust in what I photograph – they don’t have the ability to preview any of the images. It makes my job a lot more enjoyable and in the process also ignites beautiful relationships with many of my subjects.Yes, having that support is great. The creative community is very present and it’s really great to share your ideas and support each other. It makes such a difference to grow within a community where you are surrounded by creative innovation. It results in more fruitful and exciting growth as a designer. You mould and understand yourself within the environment. It feels really great to be part of that growth in this city, especially in particular the fashion industry.GQ Middle east has also been an incredible experience – the team in Dubai has such a powerful dynamic. They really give me the creative freedom to incorporate a lot of the elements of my upbringing into their platform – whether it’s fashion editorials or highlighting unique individuals who are based in the region. We definitely share the same vision – which is what makes it so beautiful. It’s so important to be surrounded and supported by people who really believe in your work.Including people like you, who I met when I came back here and we got to collaborate. Doing the shoot we did was my classic idea of a beautiful collaboration. We’ve literally been heating it up for many years. And we know each other’s aesthetic so strongly it made sense. We did it at the right time – it felt so beautifully organic.Yeah, I love collaborating when you know the other person’s aesthetic and you know yours and you respect both and create something special. The whole thing was so easy, we chose the outfits super fast together because the sun was setting!!! The sun setting is one of those things I feel I need to be part of everyday. I always freak when there’s a chance I may miss it. But yeah, it was so effortless and chill. It was the best way to work together and so much fun.Bonds has just hit a homer via launching their new 90s inspired Retro Rib range — so soft and comfy (seam- free!!) and chill — and by wrangling the absolute coolest group of women to be the faces of the campaign. The message is feel-good: real and unfiltered. And the women who’re fronting it are exactly that. You’ve got Aussie basketball legend Liz Cambage, who we love for her confident internet presence and public convos about anxiety, depression and bullying, and the ways in which we can empower ourselves and heal. Plus Emma Breschi, who is known for being beautiful and talented with make-up, challenging beauty norms and fighting like mad for all women including our Mother Earth.Also starring in the campaign is Tehya Elam, who has been slated as a new face redefining fashion’s beauty standards, and India Graham, the most beaut tomboy you ever saw. “These diverse Bonds girls encourage all Aussie women to embrace who they are – to get comfortable with what brings us together and the beautiful quirks that set us apart,” Bonds says of the casting, and ain’t it the truth. The ‘Get Real’ campaign and Bonds Retro Rib collection is available from today in-store and online at bonds.com.au.A$AP Rocky may still be stuck in a Swedish prison, but Marc Jacobs has taken the Babushkacore torch and keeping the trend alive. Back in 2018, the rapper paired a Gucci scarf around his head with oversized sunglasses, prompting the rest of the world to do the same, instantly kicking off Babushkacore. Pretty soon, Frank Ocean — who doesn’t even LIKE trends — jumped on the bandwagon, debuting his own version of the style, with a scarf and gold readers. But that was six months ago, and we haven’t seen much in the way of Babushkacore, leading us to believe that maybe, JUST MAYBE, it was all just a dream.That is, until Marc Jacobs resurrected the trend and gave it all he’s got.It all started last month, when the designer started posting Babushkacore selfies on his personal Instagram, and wearing glorious silk headscarves and big granny glasses everywhere he went. From the back of a Mercedes town car, to Susanne Bartsch’s Love Ball, MJ rocked the shit out his Babushkacore looks. No word as to where, when or how he decided to pick up this trend, but he literally hasn’t stopped wearing it since June 19.So, there you have it folks. Babushkacore is alive and well (and real). We didn’t make it up in our dreams.Brands do a lot of weird things to get noticed and there’s no denying that merch has become super popular. So, when we heard KFC Russia was undergoing a rebranding process kickstarted by a new line of bucket hats, were we that surprised? No. Though, we couldn’t help but laugh a little. But hey, if Pete Davidson can be a model and Crocs can be goth, KFC can be fashion. K? And the hats are actually pretty cool.That’s likely because, as part of said rebranding process, the Russian leg (or thigh?) of the fast food chain teamed up with Russian streetwear brand Mam Cupy on the line of nostalgia-infused hats. And because we know nostalgia is popular (just as Disney and Chance The Rapper), these hats will probably sell out super fast. Sporting the chain’s iconic red and white stripes, as well as images of The Colonel, the hat is bound to end up on hype machines and internet daddy (who also has his own merch line) Jeff Golblum ASAP. So, you should probably cop yours here.And while you wait for it arrive (Russia is far away, man), you can watch the campaign video, below. Who knew KFC could deliver such solid content?Millie Bobby Brown is barely a teenager and she’s already better than all of us. And now, the actress, who just killed it in Stranger Things season 3 (trust me, I watched the whole thing in one day), is adding designer to the list of things that makes her great. In case you forgot, she’s also a model and humanitarian. But back to fashion. Brown has teamed up with Converse on an all new collection, ‘Millie by You,’ dropping later this week.As the brand’s youngest ever collaborator, Millie worked super closely with the Converse design team to create ten colourways for her range. Unlike other Converse collections, however, ‘Millie by You’ will feature a range of customisable Chuck Taylors with prints colours and materials curated by Mills.Converse has teased the collab online, showcasing two pairs with cool patterns that “[highlight] Millie’s love for the ocean and its animals as well as DIY fashion,” as well as some thoughts from the actress on the line.“One of the most exciting parts of designing this is that I get to do it with my fans,” she said. “To choose the colours and material and print for the shoes was really specific and special to me.”Us, too.Right where iconic concept store Colette once stood on rue Honoré in Paris, Saint Laurent have created Rive Droite — a cultural and creative concept store, which is curated by the house’s creative director Anthony Vaccarello.This week, they’ve opened Vaccarello’s first exhibit of works, which features some heavy names including Helmut Newton, Daido Moriyama and Hiro, each showing some really iconic works. Among them, some super rare pieces of furniture are also exhibited (and for sale, if you must) courtesy of designers like Pierre Jeanneret and Jean Prouvé. Very fancy!The space also has room for a library of printed matter and music, and will eventually hold performances and other cultural happenings — making the Saint Laurent universe just so much bigger.Ever since Karl Lagerfeld’s death in February, everyone’s been freaking out trying to figure out what’s next for Chanel. With her FW19 Haute Couture collection, Virginie Viraud made her debut with the legendary fashion house and answered all of our questions. Spoiler alert: Chanel always reigns.Inspired by her lifelong of books, the designer transformed the Grand Palais into an equally elegant and cozy library. Though, cozy still means fabulous when it comes to Chanel.As for the collection, Viraud took traditional Chanel staples, like tweed and satin, putting her own spin on both the fabric and the  brand.“I dreamt about a woman with nonchalant elegance and a fluid and free silhouette…” she said about the collection, “everything I like about the Chanel allure.”Us, too. But whenever a new designer comes in — particularly after Karl Lagerfeld (a hard act to follow if there ever was one) — it’s always hard to know exactly where the brand will go. With the FW19 Haute Couture collection, Viraud did something as effortlessly Chanel as it was her. And we’re excited to see where it goes.You’ve probably heard the word Bauhaus before — if you’re a goth, likely because of the band. So, what do the godfathers of goth pop have in common with artists like Wassily Kandinsky and Nike’s newest Air Max? They were all inspired by a famous German art school that developed its own revolutionary design.Open from 1919 to 1933, The Staatliches Bauhaus was founded by Walter Gropius in Weimar, Germany. Over the years, the school, whose name literally translates to “building house,” underwent three distinct shifts in leadership and location, which led to a change in its inherent focus on design. But the Bauhaus movement was always characterised by its minimalism (even in all its evolutions), with its most prominent influence found in modernist design.When Gropius founded the school in 1919, he wanted to create a space in which fine arts and applied arts could come together. Quickly, the Bauhaus became an innovative place where artists, architects, designers and craftsmen all flocked — and not just to learn. Early teachers included Kandinsky, painter Paul Klee and sculptor Gerhard Marcks. During that time, the school’s aesthetic was driven by the teachings of expressionist painter Johannes Itten, who taught the preliminary course that introduced all students to the ideas of Bauhaus.In 1925, the school moved to Dessau, where it underwent a considerable change in aesthetic approach. The new director, Hannes Meyer, was a functionalist, who brought in a new faculty that included only him (and one of his friends). But by 1931, the Nazis threatened to close the school and in 1932, they moved to Berlin.The Berlin years were characterised by a renewed inspiration by the Bauhaus students and in the Bauhaus study of design. The new head of school, Ludwig Mies van der Rohe bought an old factory in the heart of the city, and the students worked to convert it into a monument of the Bauhaus look. Sadly, the Nazis in their control of Germany, fought both the school and the movement, leading the Bahaus to close in 1933.Of course, that wasn’t the end of it. Bauhaus architecture, minimalism and modernist philosophy have impacted artists and cities across the world — including Nike, who channeled the movement in the lead colourway for its latest drop, the Nike Air Max 270 React.The shoe, which almost looks like it could’ve been painted by Kandinsky, with its modernist strokes, creates a “floating eye aesthetic” inspired by the school. And the timing couldn’t be more perfect — this year is the centenary of the founding of Bauhaus. Also in the Air Max 270 React series are colourways that highlight San Francisco psychedelia, explorations of geometric compositions and more — all available in mens, womens and kids. They start dropping today, so head here to cop.From a Malibu beach to a field of Lavender in Provence, this season’s mens shows really hit so many marks. The strongest mark of all was a very visual leaning to the opposition of thoughts and feelings coming from a place of plain white masculinity. This season, we saw more.Bon anniversaire Simon Porte Jacquemus! Celebrating 10 years since his first collection, Simon invited his audience to sit among lavender in Provence. Models walked a long, long, long runway in “something sophisticated but at the same time as light as a cocktail in summer,” according to the chief. To put simply: it was sexy. Lots of sheer, lots of shoulder, thigh and back. But this time, a little more substance to the menswear — layers were clever and useful, silhouettes were commanding, almost bossy. Details were genius, from expertly styled crossbody string bags to the trucker’s tan beauty.Escaping a world of chaos, Charles Jeffrey Loverboy read a passage by Dylan Thomas and had his men walk behind him inside the British Library. “The library is a great equaliser; anyone can come here and be armed with knowledge,” he said somewhere backstage. The collection referenced powerful youths of past — finely tuned tailoring went well with the DIY spirit of hand painted prints. It said something like: we do what we want, but we do it with secret precision.“The idea was that they were queer deities, archangels, witches,” said designer Eden Loweth. “We always want to present our models as if they are Naomi Campbell, but this season we wanted to echelon them even higher. This season we cast more transpeople than ever before, and we wanted to show each one, give them a voice.” Not stopping there with the mood, Art School referenced the Japanese horror game that we cried for in to early-00s, Silent Hill, while Anna Calvi stood in a circle of salt and sung. And the actual clothing? Inspiring, no matter who you don’t choose to be.Anthony Vaccarello looked to Saint Laurent’s 70s Marrakech days and transplanted those references into a current-day Los Angeles (literally, too, via the runway being laid out on a Malibu beach). The results were a bit Chuck Bass meets Moondog (if you squint and imagine the two on their signature benders, Bass waking up in Dog’s denim cutoffs, dress shoes and neckerchief intact). The results landed firmly in Ezra Miller / Harry Styles territory, aka what men who shop luxury beyond rare streetwear collabs might actually wanna wear in 2019.Held for the first time away from home, in Shanghai, Miuccia did not divert from her usual menswear smash hits. There were thigh-lovingly tailored shorts, exaggerated pockets, and a dip into forgotten peak trends to remind us that thing we threw away two years ago is now actually hot property — demonstrated his season with the return of the bowling bag. Altogether, the collection was a brilliant set of traditional menswear wardrobe staples, cut from boyish fabrics that feel like uniforms from a soft future.Hedi Slimane, a man forever obsessed with reinterpreting a past he was just too young to be at the forefront of, declared “I have nostalgia for things I have probably never known….There is no irony here.” Well, he didn’t, but his mate and artist David Kramer did, to introduce this collection. And so the collection spoke to fans of early-70s fashions — pants pulled too high, shoes so sharp they could hurt, sparkles, effeminacy (whatever that means today). The collection itself so widely appealing, but the show fell so short in casting. The rock’n’roll narrative, as detailed as it was down to sky blue nail polish, could have roared. But with just three black men walking, it fumbled.Glenn Martens can do no wrong. He makes windbreaker over suiting right; he makes tiny perfectly angled bag paired with warp-tailored business garb right; he makes zipped car tire around waist right; and he makes flared and sheer man leggings so goddamn right. Such a good show, but it’s so difficult to be excited with Martens turns one out like this because it is absolutely always (with the highest compliments) expected.Nailing it to the wall every goddamn time, Martine Rose has this real skill for pushing a brilliant narrative that is both amusing and authentic. She nodded to the fashion memories of 80s club days, and presented them on wigged out models who walked atop an astroturfed corporate rooftop. Trousers were a big hit via wide legs and weird dyes, western shirts with excessive fringe felt cooler tan costume. Floral silks peaked throughout, as well as incredibly structured shoulders. But among the playfulness, a serious comment is seen: “Promising Britain” read the t-shirts, adorned with a clown surrounded by EU stars.Oh my knit, JW Anderson is one talented human. Forever bridging the gap between couch surfing bong head and adult who probably collects mixed media sculptures and always has a couple of bottles of pet-nat on hand, this collection did not stray. Spacey eyewear met with long neck talismans, reworked kaftan situations breezed by deconstructed overalls… and the bags. The bags were, as always, bog pots of gold at the end of rainbow knitted arms.Francesco Risso sent out a line of beautiful eco-warriors who look like they’ve been obsessed with Jamiroquai for some part of their life, who walked under a giant fishnet filled with our ocean’s plastics. “We’re here, standing under the brutality of this Plastic of Damocles, to celebrate the marriage officiated by MCMagma, a shamanic non-entity which is the spirit of transformation, between Truman Capote and Ernesto Che Guevara,” was his narration. “One day, Truman decided to leave his Swans and his life of lost beauty to free himself, joining Guevara in the rebel radicalism of the jungle guerrilla. The dress code is camouflage meets carnival, the marriage being between inventive rebels and ‘50s control freaks, all looking for the Noah’s Ark in a completely corrupted fauve nature. Our nature. So there is rebellion, bur it’s a beautiful rebellion and beauty is also rebellious.” And it’s this version of real life romance, as well as the casting ofc, that makes us love Marni menswear shows season after season.Luar may be a quintessential New York brand, but for his latest campaign, designer (and Hood By Air co-founder) Raul Lopez headed over to Paris. Shot by photographer Mark Asekhame the images follow four creatives — Ophelie, Duran, Artur, and DJ and model Dustin Muchuvitz — in the studio and around the city, looking killer in the brand’s AW19 collection.“We wanted to capture the beauty of their natural state, as opposed to the very curated posing and styling that dominates the internet right now,” Lopez told Dazed about his carefree vision for the images. “Marc has this way of capturing not just the model but the whole mood of the moment in his photos.”Captured over a period of three days, the campaign is all about spontaneity.“Everyone is too afraid to say anything in New York right now,” he said. “I need the spontaneous reactions that Paris provides — it’s what feeds my fire to be more creative.”Us too. Peep the imagery, above.The future of fashion, if we want one, is finally becoming more sustainable. And just a few months after announcing their decision to go fur-free, Prada has revealed that they’ll be moving in a more eco-friendly direction, beginning with their new initiative, #PradaReNylon. Partnering with Italian textile yarn producer Aquafil, the brand has announced a new collection featuring green versions of their iconic nylon bags, including the backpack, all made from recycled fabric.In addition to the collection, the label announced it will turn all of its nylon into the recycled version by 2021, a big move considering the brand currently uses around 700,000 meters of the material annually.“It’s the start of an era for us,” said Prada’s head of marketing and communication, Lorenzo Bertelli. “I hope every competitor will move to more sustainable manufacturing approaches.”As part of the initiative, the Re-Nylon collection, which features six new bags, is made entirely of nylon from landfills and oceans that’s been depolymerised, purified and recycled indefinitely.“It’s a massive reduction of nylon and a big impact in terms of sustainability,” Bertelli added.To showcase that innovative process, Prada has also partnered with National Geographic on a short film series called “The Things We Carry.” Through the series, we’ll learn more about sustainability and the “trailblazing” facilities that turn nylon into Prada’s recycled fabric.It’s a big move, and yet, just another way in which Miuccia is always ahead of the game when it comes to fashion. And we can’t say we’re not stoked — after all, we like our Prada bags, but we love our recycled Prada backpacks.Learn more about the #ReNylon initiative below.Remember when Rihanna ruled the world? Yeah, us too. It’s Friday and the singer has already pushed body positivity with her realistic mannequins at an NYC Fenty pop-up, released a new clothing drop, oh, and shot a fashion campaign by herself. As part of the new Fenty release on June 19, the brand uploaded some behind-the-scenes images from the making of their latest campaign. Behind the camera was a familiar face: RihRih, directing models and calmly snapping pics like a pro.It makes sense Rihanna would be a good photographer. After all, she’s had enough years to see what it’s like in front of the lens. But more importantly, she’s in control of every aspect of Fenty, the first ever brand founded by a woman at LVMH. If this doesn’t make you feel at least a little bad about yourself… well, I’ll just go back to binging TV. As for Rihanna, she’ll probably be saving the world.It’s no secret that we love Marques’Almeida. The London brand covered Oyster Issue 113 and we’ve been frothing over every collection they’ve turned out since. One of our favorite details has always been the label’s shows, in which designers Marta Marques and Paulo Almeida have always focused on inclusivity, often sending members of the design team and Marques’Almeida interns down the runway in their clothes.Now, the brand has decided to make things even realer, casting IRL people for their upcoming show.Earlier this week, they posted on Instagram calling for models of all shapes, sizes, colors and genders (or lack thereof) to walk in a presentation of key archival pieces for A/W ’19. All you have to do is submit a photo of yourself using the hashtag #MAFamilyCast, after which you’ll be invited to a casting party on July 4.I don’t know about you guys, but I’ve been training for this ever since ANTM hit the air waves in 2003. May the odds be ever in your favor.Things suck right now. That’s probably why even Crocs have gone goth. Ever since the ugly shoe became ironically ugly in a fashionable way, everyone has clamoured to put their own stamp on them. From Christopher Kane to Balenciaga, and now, a bunch of goths. As of today, the brand has officially teamed up with Barneys to debut a range that every girl on MySpace would’ve loved in 2005.Featuring five different styles, including black and pink leopard, the goth Crocs are all covered in studs. But what’s a fashionable Croc without some controversy? We saw legions of Christopher Kane fans turn on the brand when they debuted their take on the shoe, and die-hard Demna stans also followed suit. With this new Barneys drop, however, its ultimate goth Croc fans who are pissed. Why? Because apparently goth Crocs have been a thing for awhile, thanks to @garbage_b0y, who sells his spiked creations via Etsy.As for me, I miss the days when all of us goths had to do was wear black and drawn lyrics on our Converse while listening to The Smiths. MySpace really was a simpler time.Rihanna is all about inclusivity and breaking barriers when it comes to Fenty. The singer, who was the first ever woman to launch a high-end line with fashion powerhouse LVMH, has made it her mission to make sure the brand caters to all women, including realistic mannequins of all shapes and sizes at the new Fenty pop-up in Manhattan.The move comes just a couple weeks after Nike got a ton of attention for including plus-size mannequins at their new London flagship. But for Rihanna, it’s all just part of the inclusive ethos that permeates every aspect of her brand. At this point, we should expect nothing less.True hunk, Stranger Things star, the name on everyone’s lips and the face everyone wishes was on their lips, Charlie Heaton, is fronting the new Loewe campaign. What a smooth situation.The campaign teases the debut of the new Spring Summer 2020 menswear collection, which will march in front of important eyes this Saturday in Paris. Photographed by Steven Meisel, Charlie is caught inspecting his beautiful face in a backstage situation while wearing an ankle-length white tank top. Mood. “His smeared lipstick imbuing an element of ambiguity as to the character he is about to become,” reads the press release — bringing about lots of anticipation for the show.In keeping with the label’s usual triptych campaign release, two other images accompany Charlie — a fist full of earth and grass, and a look at the new Grand Puzzle Bag that features some very handsome rugby stripes.Agi Akur is absolutely the pride of Australian fashion right now — soon to be global, no doubt about it. After modelling for just one year, she took this season’s MBFWA by total storm, making her runway debut for opening designer Aje. After that, we counted her walking 14 shows. A living legend, Agi is the one! We’re very obsessed with this Kenyan beauty, with her glorious glowing face and posture so perfect, we had to get to know her stat.Name: Agi AkurWhere were you born and where are you now?I was born in Kakuma refugee camp, my parents had walked there from Kenya. I was raised in Adelaide, and am currently based in Sydney, Australia.How did you get to where you are?I got to Australia on a refugees humanitarian visa. It wasn’t easy, but I’m so grateful to be here.Outside of modelling, what are you good at?I’m interested in a few things from creative styling to video creation and acting.What do you wish you were better at?I wish I was a better actress — I have a lot of respect for the craft and am genuinely interested in pushing myself and improving.Inside of modelling, how do you overcome the difficult stuff — comparing yourself to others at castings, overcoming rejection and these negative things that are quite common in the industry?Embracing my cultural background, and generally accepting the rejection that comes with being in the industry. I constantly remind myself that we’re all imperfect human beings and that I have to embrace who I am and the way I present myself. At the end of the day, brands have to choose someone who best represents their image and helps them sell. You have to celebrate the wins and remind yourself that you are good enough.What things do you do to make sure you’re mentally and physically healthy?Working out and drinking lots of tea! Meditation and journaling also really help me realign and express myself.Do you think there is enough awareness of physical and mental health in the industry? Are there any people or figures you look to for leadership on these fronts?There needs to be more talk about mental health in the industry. There are many factors that go into it and the industry can leave you lost if you go into it without direction or someone to express yourself to. Mental health is something that needs to be tackled on a large scale and I think more education around coping would really help.What’s the most important thing to you right now?The support network I’ve built around me including family and loved ones. They help me get through the tougher days.How has that changed over the last couple of years?I have learnt the importance of inclusivity, especially of those I care for.Which parts of yourself do you love the most?Learning new things and developing my mind.What do you wish you weren’t obsessed with right now, why?Nothing right now – although I’m sure that won’t last for long.Who did you last call, and what was it about?My manager.The last song you listened to?Burna Boy.The last place you drove?My Uber to work.The last time you cried?Missing someone close to me.The last time you met someone who changed you? Who and how?There are so many people that have come into my life and taught me lessons both positive and negative.If you could live inside any film, which would it be and why?That’s a hard one – I don’t watch enough movies to really make a sound decision, but I do love the MCU films.Do you have a favourite fashion designer?Love and respect all of them.A favourite collection?I wouldn’t say I have a favourite collection either as my taste keeps changing with the times.What’s your dream gig?A Versace campaign – It’s my dream to work with that brand.What’s the toughest thing so far about your journey in being a model?Working on insecurities and achieving self-love.And the best bit?This past Mercedes Benz Fashion Week Australia, and how it will impact my career moving forwardAre you saving up for anything at the moment?For nothing in particular right now, but so that I can live comfortably in future.If you could change the world, how would you do it?I’d do something in the education space to encourage more understanding and acceptance between different groups of people in hopes of reducing conflict.We’re just under a month away from Season 3 of Stranger Things and it looks like we’re not the only ones frothing for the show. After dropping hints online earlier this week, Nike has announced that they’ve teamed up with the Netflix masterpiece on a Stranger Things capsule just in time for the premiere.Available starting June 26 (just a few days before the July 4 premiere date), the collection features classic Nike sneakers The Cortez, The Blazer and The Talwind in a variety of super ’80s colourways of green, white, blue and red, as well as some Hawkins High-themed phys ed wear that we can totally see Billy pumping iron in.While we have absolutely zero clue what’s happening in the season three trailer, we do know that our favourite Dungeons and Dragons crew would definitely wear this Nike collab.See it for yourself, below.Body diversity has been a big topic in fashion the last few seasons, and luckily, it’s not just inclusive brands like Telfar and Eckhaus Latta that are starting to catch on. Earlier this week, Nike unveiled plus size mannequins in their London flagship, a move they plan to introduce throughout all of their Nike Women’s stores. The transition was part of a new initiative to stop the notion that plus size women aren’t active, and encourage the idea that all shapes and sizes are healthy.“The re-designed space is just another demonstration of Nike’s commitment to inspiring and serving the female athlete,” said Nike Europe vice president Sarah Hannah. “This is more than a shopping experience, it’s a destination to celebrate sports.”Just recently, the brand released their Nike x Off-White “Athlete in Progress” campaign starring Olympian Caster Semenya. Along with the new plus size mannequins at London’s NikeWorld, the campaign celebrates womanhood — in all its forms.In addition to the mannequins, Nike will also be turning the London space into an interactive store, featuring appointments with personal trainers, coaches and even stylists, something we’d love to see in all their stores.It’s hard to believe it’s already Fashion Month again, but it is. Prada kicked off the Spring/Summer ’20 season with their menswear presentation in Shanghai this morning with one especially notable face on the runway. Model Nathan Westling, who came out as transgender in March, made first appearance on the runway since undergoing his transition.The presentation itself was super futuristic, with models walking between UV-lit columns, and Westling wore a slightly oversized pea coat, camel trousers, high-tops and Prada bolo tie. Get used to those, by the way — they’re everywhere.Of course, Westling has walked the runway for Prada, as well as for brands like Marc Jacobs, Alexander Wang and Louis Vuitton, having also starred in campaigns for Dior, Tom Ford and Chanel and on covers for magazines including Dazed and i-D, all before coming out as trans and re-introducing himself as Nathan Westling to the world.The fashion industry has made giant strides towards a more inclusive vision (though, as noted by Telfar Clemons after the recent CFDA awards, it still has a long way to go). Still, watching Westling walk for Prada was a great way to kick off the season.See for yourself, below.Paco Rabanne launched the chainmail bag in 1969 and, while a very ~avant garde~ piece back then, it’s nevertheless absolutely relevant in todays lewks. Shiny scales linked together in genius construction feel futuristic, still, and in a testament to the labels Pre-Fall 2019 collection, it works brilliantly with the prints and silhouettes Paco Rabanne are currently releasing to rave reviews.Matches Fashion just so happen to agree with all of this praise, and are celebrating the anniversary of the dazzling accessory with an exclusive collection of six chainmail bags for the month of June. They’re also pairing this with twenty ready-to-wear pieces from the Pre-Fall 2019 collection — which absolutely includes those pieces featuring superb golden embroidery and that chainmail scarf.It all launched last night IRL with an interactive installation at 5 Carlos Place, which is open to the public until Jun 26. But you don’t have to be in London to shop it all right here.Maria Osado built her casting agency, Güerxs, when she was a teenager. With the brave idea (from a commercial perspective, in 2016) to step away from the industry’s Eurocentric obsession and push toward a more diverse range of faces for Mexico’s fashion scene. Maria has been created with changing Mexico’s ‘rigid beauty standards’ and fashion industry as a whole — and the hype is real.Along with publishing a series of incredible Güerxs faces (and personalities), captured by Oyster favourite Rafael Martinez, we had the total pleasure of sharing a few words with Maria to discover where she hopes to direct the industry and what really matters to her when she is casting people.When did you start the agency and what kind of urged the decision?It was 2016, and Mexico’s fashion panorama couldn’t look further from my everyday reality. The stereotypes were clear: Eurocentric features had a privileged place. Representation needed to be diversified, and I felt like I could not only talk about it, but create something to change it.How would you describe Mexico City’s fashion and beauty landscape? I want to hear about the good bits and the bits that need changing.It feels like the diversity conversation is now opened. Still not a reality, but a conversation. The landscape is exciting and frustrating at the same time: many gaps to fill but there are established structures that don’t necessarily allow that to happen. Regarding beauty, it feels very similar. The ‘Mexicanity’ might become a new stereotype, instead of being the big complex question it actually is…You’ve got an incredible eye for casting, but it seems like you also look for more that looks — lots of your talent have creative gigs outside of modelling. What exactly do you look for? Do you have golden rules?Thank you! It definitely goes beyond looks, it’s about backgrounds and stories. For me it is very important that there is a community represented behind every model. I look for different features and points of views, but always an open mind and a big commitment.Yourself and your talent are obviously pretty left field, super into uniqueness and self expression. Is this attitude celebrated in mainstream Mexico City?Güerxs probably has an article in every mainstream fashion local media, but sometimes it stays in the surface. They will moodboard us but not necessary hire us. Many big productions are made in Mexico: the step I’m waiting is for the responsible people in them to reach out to us to make our statement a common reality.I’m always interested in people’s upbringings and trying to identify the moment they chose to go down an unusual path. What was your upbringing like? And what was it that sparked a need to celebrate remarkable people?I’m still in the upbringing process. I played the part being a full time committed student, graduating from high school getting into UNAM University where I’m currently studying; developing different cultural activities like dance, art and education programs; belonging to different social circles and finding myself in all of them — never entirely in just one. On the other side, I was discovering myself going to parties and interning on exciting projects where I would expand my idea of communities — two projects were key: both independent projects looking for a redefinition of local culture. NAAFI a music collective breaking the toxic club dynamics and exploring different sounds, and WWLTD a fashion brand and worldwide community refreshing the design definition. Participating in them made me aware of the infinite possibilities of creating something unique and socially valuable. Fashion was always there, and I guess I got tired of the ‘it girl’ culture that magazines where proposing at the time — everyone I was hanging with were 100% more interesting and, of course, more relatable. Diversity was not an option but an emergency.What kinds of clients are you working with? Do you have certain requirements for brands you work with — does their authenticity and transparency with things like diverse representation and eco awareness play any role?Levis, Converse, Bottega Venetta, Opening Ceremony, Urban Decay to mention the most recent ones. Most of them reach out to us from the press we have, where we talk about our statement, so it’s really clear from the beginning what type of work we are doing. We don’t ask for signed forms, but in the near future it will be necessary!Finally, what’s on the horizon? What major things are you working toward this year?An educational program in Mexico relating fashion’s cultural part to a new democratic platform where marginated young groups can talk about their identity. Honestly major, the Güerxs baby sister! Can’t wait to share. Not to mention our upcoming website, a state-wide casting call and our own movie — not really, but think about it.On top of having an anthem ‘Everything We Ever Dreamed Of’ dedicated to them, the Matildas (aka one of the most inspirational groups of women in Australia) have also had a national team kit designed exclusively for them by Nike.For the rookies: the Matildas are Australia’s women’s football team and they are snatching victories like no one else — no dis against the Socceroos’ achievements, but it was actually the Matildas who were our first national team to win two different confederations. While we are at a turning point for women in sport, the success of this current dream team would not be possible without the female athletes who paved the way. Now, they’re quite literally the best team Australia has ever had and they’re taking the sport to totally new heights.And this team kit? Check it out! Created by the Nike design team, it’s a big 90s mood across a fresh team jersey (which the players get to wear with matching socks), with painterly swatches that reference those jazzy vibes we all love so much. Nike went full 90s with it not just because this decade very hot right now — as we’ve seen across reissued grunge collections from Marc Jacobs and Anna Sui, plus an SS19 collection from Versace that calls on the era loudly — but the majority of the young team were actually born in the 90s. Also: the kit is made from 100% recycled materials, and each jersey repurposes 12 water bottles. The fact that Nike has diverted more than 6 billion plastic bottles from landfills into recycled polyester is not celebrated enough.So, aside from looking fresh as heck embracing fashion’s long-standing obsession with soccer (via Off-White, Yoon Ahn, Balenciaga, Versace, Burberry, Alexander Wang, Golf Wang… to name a few) as well as being very sustainable in your fashion choices, there are some genuinely deep reasons why repping a Matildas jersey should be part of your lewks right now. The team represents the ultimate girl squad, and not in a way that requires bottomless mimosas and an Instagram account, but in a way that is truly inspiring. In their entirety, as a crew of women who continuously work together to produce really impressive results, we’re really stoked that they’re the humans representing Australia right now.Team captain Sam Kerr is 25 years old and got her start in sport by successfully playing Aussie Rules on her brother’s team. Now one of the most prolific strikers in the world, last year she was named our Young Australian of the Year, she scored the most goals in two leagues, two years in a row, and was shortlisted for the FIFA award for Best Female Player for the second year.“It would be a dream come true,” Sam says on what it would mean to win on the world stage this month. “It’s everything I’ve ever dreamed of. Being the first Aussies to do this would really change how people see women’s football in Australia. We’d like to prove everyone wrong who doubts women’s football and we want to show that women’s football is at its peak. Football to me is way more than just a sport. It’s everything and the tournament is the pinnacle.”Up front with Sam is Caitlin Foord, who has been shredding for Australia since 2011 — so flipping strong and powerful, she is already back for the big game in Paris this June after a pretty hectic foot injury that she refused to let keep her down.Then there’s Ellie Carpenter, who is only 19 and is our first Australian international soccer player to be born in the 21st century. Rare! She’s featuring on the world stage in France this year after debuting at the Olympics aged 15, and we’re pretty sure she is going to absolutely tear it up.The brilliant and fearless attitude of the girls rings through in their rally cry — “Never Say Die” — and that’s something you can look at and learn from every time you slip on your jersey cos it’s printed right there on the inside. Yes to private positive affirmations! And yes to supporting the people — women — who’re making Australia a country to actually be really proud of.After the Met Gala, fashion’s biggest night is definitely the CFDA Awards. So, last night, the industry flocked all the way to the Brooklyn Museum for the event in which Rick Owens, Alexander McQueen designer Sarah Burton and Barbie were all honoured. And as much as the fashion world has tried to embrace diversity the last few seasons, designer Telfar Clemons noticed something about the event: all the winners were caucasian.Up for Accessory Designer of the Year award for his classic bag, Clemons took to Instagram to share his thoughts (he lost to Mary-Kate and Ashley, btw).“Not for you — for everyone,” he wrote. “All Caucasian winners this year at CFDA — but we still took the bag.”Clemons has long used his brand as way to explore black masculinity and identity. As the 2017 CFDA/Vogue Fashion Fund winner, he has been recognised by both the mainstream and underground fashion worlds. But as he pointed out about this year’s event, the industry has a long way to go when it comes to true inclusivity.Tell ’em, Telfar. And as much as we love the Olsen Twins, he was robbed. That bag is iconic.Comedian Pete Davidson is known primarily as Ariana Grande’s ex-fiance (RIP to their whirlwind romance), or for SNL fans, as the guy who made that offensive joke about a veteran on live TV. Now, though, the performer has added a new gig to his resume: model, thanks to his runway debut at Alexander Wang’s S/S ’20 presentation this weekend.Following legit top models like Kendall Jenner and Kaia Gerber down the runway, Davidson wore a white wife beater, baggy jeans two-tone jeans and a beanie. It was Wang’s “reclaiming of casual luxury,” which still doesn’t really explain why Pete Davidson was there?“I’ve always wanted to work with him,” said the designer about his bizarre casting decision. “For this collection, I was like, ‘Hey, Pete. Would you want to walk?’ And he literally responded immediately like, ‘Yeah, sure.'”Duh, because if there’s one thing we know about Pete Davidson (again, besides the fact that he dated and proposed to Ariana Grande), it’s that he loves a good publicity stunt (see: dating and proposing to Ariana Grande). As for whether or not we’d like to see him walk the catwalk again? We’ve got three words for him: Thank u, next.Gucci’s Cruise 2020 show was many things, as it always is. But a firm reflection and hard salute to the laws Italy introduced in 1978, that protect women who are soon-to-be mothers or soon-to-not-be mothers, was what the show most importantly was.“Among other citations, there are some references to the Seventies, a moment in time when boundaries were blurred compared with nowadays,” Alessandro Michele told WWD. “It was a historical moment when women – finally – rejected all the constraints that were imposed in the previous centuries and they became free. That’s why I am paying homage to the Italian law regarding abortion, the law number 194. It’s unbelievable that around the world there are still people who believe that they can control a woman’s body, a woman’s choice. I will always stand behind the freedom of being, always.”The collection’s concept was cemented with the date 22.5.78 (the day that abortion became legal in Italy) embroidered across a small but heroic cape. Feminist (and accurate) slogan “My Body, My Choice” also appeared across clothing. And an evening gown had a uterus beaded onto it. Not lacking any depth here, the collection is simply a beautiful bonus to the work Gucci already do advocating for gender equality and women’s rights with their Chime for Change campaign — which has already raised $15 million to support projects that benefit girls and women across the globe.Keanu Reeves recently delved into a significant moodiness for Saint Laurent’s AW19 campaign and it was, and we do not say this lightly, everything. Not expecting these efforts of brooding handsomeness to be topped this season, we were quite frankly shook when Finn Wolfhard arrived in our inboxes – looking no longer like a geek child but now like a pensive young man, bringing some serious Cate Blanchett as Bob Dylan vibes:Such a little ripper!The Gucci gang have planted themselves in a special location filled to the brim objets d’art — a very literally interpretation of the inside of Alessandro Michele’s skull, we are sure. Rome’s very curious Antica Libreria Cascianelli marks the introduction to the house’s Cruise 2020 show, with guests receiving an antique book as an invitation to the main event, which will be hosted at the Capitoline Museum — one of the first public museums in the world.The show is set to begin at 8pm CET (May 28), that’s 4am AEST (May 29), and if you simply cannot make it to Rome in time then we highly recommend sitting upright in bed at a very early hour to absorb the magic via live stream. You’ll find the link below, but first a translation from the invite:“Only pagan antiquity awakened my desire, because it was the world of before, because it was an abolished world.” And don’t that feel right?Remember two weeks ago when LVMH announced that Robyn Rihanna Fenty would be the first woman to create an original brand, Fenty? And remember when everyone flipped? Well, you’re going to somehow need to keep it together because…. FENTY IS ALREADY HERE. Kind of.Earlier this week, the band released their first ever campaign showcasing their first ever collection giving us our first ever heart attack from a YouTube vid. Set to drop May 24 at a Paris pop-up and online May 29, the collection features tailored pieces, accessories and shoes all in the vein of Queen Rih’s actual style. Fenty will also release special edition pieces alongside core ‘See Now Buy Now’ looks outside of the fashion schedule. I mean, come on. It’s Rihanna. She makes her own rules.“Women are forces of this earth. We are multifaceted, complex, vulnerable yet bulletproof, and Fenty speaks to all of our intricacies,” she said about the collection. “It was imperative that we created a line versatile enough to embrace and celebrate us.”The campaign, which features a group of models, It girls and all around cool girls like Oyster favorite Dylan Chavles, shows the collection in warp speed — but we got a good enough look to know it’s GOOD.“I’m just hyped to see people in my clothes, man,” said Rihanna. Us too. Us, too.Peep the campaign, below.In brilliant news for people who are really into the survival of all living things, and also into looking cute as heck: POMS has just launched their RETTA frames and they are 100% for you. They are also fully recyclable and biodegradable.The label has tipped before that they are really focusing on the environment and sustainability via a packaging rethink, so it’s super cool to see that they are pushing the process right up to the actual product. The RETTA collection uses a new Italian acetate that is made from plant cellulose, which makes the frames plastic free.The frames themselves are super slick and available in three colours: Black with Black lens and Onyx adornment, Cookies & Cream with Tan lens and Tiger Eye adornment, and Peach with Brown lens and Moonstone adornment — all semi precious stones are responsibly sources too, of course.If you love them, which you definitely do, you’ll be stoked to know that you can already get dibs on a pair via an exclusive pre-order moment on Moda Operandi, alone with the POMS x Sabina Socol frames and the v popular OROs.The rest of the RETTA collection — which we happen to know features some very sexy jewellery — launches July 1 on pomspoms.com.au.Last time we saw the cutest animals in the world and Harry Styles, the charming squad romancing the stone structures of central Italian garden, Villa Lante, decking in nothing but Gucci. A fresh situation, for sure. But this time, Harmony Korine has shot them amidst statues and… stuff.The campaign, specifically, is Gucci’s Pre-Fall 2019 campaign. In it, we see a new way of dressing formally: theatrical jackets with tees, dress shoes with relaxed (trackies?) pants, ornate neck decor, a lot of velvet surfaces, excellent use of silk scarves, and a kind of slides with cape and blazer moment that is really changing our lives. Enjoy:Hillary Taymour’s excellent label Collina Strada had us at hello. Or at least at the moment when she wrote ‘call mom’ on a tee shirt and sent it down the runway, and when she made us take a long hard look at our selfies, and when she balanced our chakras, and when she waxed about terraforming, and when she reminded us how to change our world on the back of her show program. All of these things. We love Collina Strada for all of these things.Today, we praise the label for taking part in another very fucking real cause. “I am outraged by the recent abortion bans,” Hillary wrote on Instagram. “Consistently let down by the human race, I decided to do my part to help drive people to donate.”The accompanying photos show two versions of a tee — one in proud Collina tie dye, and the other white — worn by Insta legend @double3xposure. On it, a slight illustration and the words ‘my body, my choice’. It’s as simple as that.“Think of this shirt as a gift with donation. I will personally write a check to the Yellow Hammer Fund every two weeks of sales from the my body my choice tee,” the post continues.“This generation requires leaders who can speak out and speak truth, I am 1 in 4. People need to understand that radical transparency is truth, and we can do it together.” YES.The tee is available here, and it’s hot and real. All proceeds go to Yellow Fund, which you can read more about here.Queen of day-off aesthetics, Emma Mulholland, has taken over Sydney’s Paramount pop up space with her own lil paradise. In the name of her chilled out label, Holiday, Em has built the one thing every vacay has in common — a ‘lousy’ souvenir store. Though, her’s is only lousy via self-description and this statement does not reflect that of the punters. On the shelves, she has collaborated with several of Australia’s smartest artists and designers to create small items that pack much joy.Think multi-colour clam shell ceramic pieces and mugs made with Sydney ceramic studio Functional Sculpture; hand dyed and screen printed tee towels made with screen printer Threadgate; wearable items from a series of tee shirts featuring works from painters Lucy O’Doherty, Nat Synott and lino printer Allie Webb; the third instalment of Holiday’s zine; and one-off items made from the leftover offcuts of printed fabrics from the Holiday factory.Above, flick through the holiday snaps from the opening night last week, shot by our mates Jeet Pavlovic (on the Polaroid) and Somerset Phaedrus (on the point and shoot).The pop up is open at Paramount House Hotel, Sydney, until May 24.Last September, Virgil Abloh debuted his latest Nike collab — Nike c/o Virgil Abloh ‘Athlete in Progress’ — on the runway with actual athletes, including sprinters Dina Asher Smith and English Gardner.“I started talking with Nike about this women’s running project last summer and at the time, I was very much inspired by the aesthetic and style of track and field athletes,” Abloh explains. “As a result, I invited some of Nike’s elite track and field champions to participate in my SS19 Off-White runway show as the natural forerunner to developing and showcasing the collection.”The ‘Athlete in Progress’ concept is inspired by the unbreakable confidence held by runners and their unwavering dedication to achieving consistent progress, and has strong links to both Nike’s rich heritage in athletics and Abloh’s forward-thinking nature.  Keeping the sentiment of the SS19 show casting alive, Abloh and Nike just dropped the first series of campaign images starring South African 800m champ, Caster Semenya, who has made a name for herself in sport — both on and off the track — by achieving success while staying true to who she is and challenging industry norms. “Nike celebrates its athletes through inspirational storytelling and this campaign reflects Caster Semenya’s determination to overcome challenges and to be the best athlete she can be,” said Nike of the casting choice. “This is a message to all athletes to overcome their challenges, participate in sports and achieve their goals.” Shot in Soweto, Johannesburg by photographer Lea Colombo, the campaign sees Semenya wearing the first limited release from the collection — a running top and tights, and the Nike x Off-White Zoom Terra Kiger 5 sneaks that almost make me want to take up running.And while the official global launch date is not until 27 June, we can confirm that there will be a limited release first apparel drop at SNEAKERBOY on 30 May (with further drops from the extended collection in August and September), with the sneakers available at both SNEAKERBOY and Supply from 24 June. You’re welcome.Now, get ready to sprint, before they sell out. Barbie has worn many hats over her 60 years, but she’s always been a fashionista. That’s why the CFDA has decided to honor your girl with their Board of Director’s Tribute.“Barbie has had such a wide influence on American fashion and culture,” President and CFDA CEO Steven Kolb said. “Her story personally resonated with so many CFDA members that the Board of Directors decided to honour her with the special tribute.”Barbie will join the likes of, well, Michell Obama, who’s also taken home the award. And frankly, it makes sense. From her inception, Barbie has always been a leader in the world of fashion, with designers like Jeremy Scott and Alexander Wang using her as inspiration for their designs. Plus, the girl deserves it just based on the amount of times her hair has been chopped, head has been cut off and she’s been made to have sex with G.I. Joe. Sorry about that, by the way.The internet, as it appears, is divided. With many pointing to Barbie’s historic ties to unrealistic body expectations and lack of diverse representation. Others are just pissed that a doll has its name on a list next to Gloria Steinham and Michelle Obama.If you’ve been anywhere online this week, you’ve already know that Calvin Klein has launched their latest #MYCALVINS campaign, featuring the likes of pretty much everyone, including A$AP Rocky, Kendall Jenner, Billlie Eilish, Troye Sivan and now, Bella Hadid and Lil’ Miquela. If that sounds like an odd duo to you, just wait.In today’s instalment of the new I SPEAK MY TRUTH IN #MYCALVINS campaign, Bella Hadid makes out with digital It Girl/robot/pop star/internet mystery Lil Miquela. And even though we’re confused, we’re kind of into it?In a video directed by Jonas Lindstroem, in which the Calvin Klein models are supposed to “speak their truths,” Bella says (in a dramatic voiceover): “Life is about opening doors, creating new dreams you never knew could exist,” while the two stare deeply into each other’s eyes before indulging in a weirdly sweet kiss. Not totally sure what “truth” these two are speaking, but who’s here for Lil Bella? Or would it be Miquella?Watch the campaign vid, below.Alessandro Michele’s Gucci is not shy of the culture. Dipping in and out of references that span the heights of mainstream and the deepest darkest parts of counterculture, the house has launched more cultural collaborations in recent years than we have room to list. This time, Gucci looks to the visual traditions of gigs, clubs and festivals, in support of their new eyewear collection and the oddballs who inspire Michele endlessly.“For the project, 12 musicians from all over the world were asked to represent their personal experience of live performance through exclusive shoots, videos or artwork, pairing with collaborating partners – artists, illustrators, photographers, videomakers and graphic designers,” a release from Gucci says.The launch of the project has been timed perfectly with the debut of Gucci’s Spotify account, where each musician involved here with be creating playlists for just about any mood you (or Michele) can think of.Musicians involved include (drumroll pls!): Alex Cameron (in collaboration with Jemima Kirke and Jack Ladder); Yves Tumor (with Jordan Hemingway); Curtis Harding (with Matt Correia and John Zabawa); band Amyl and the Sniffers (with Jamie Wdziekonski); Cole Alexander of Black Lips and Crush (with Ariana Papademetropoulos); Lou Doillon; Jehnny Beth (with Johnny Hostile); band Kikagaku Moyo (with Alessio Vitelli); Weyes Blood (with Taylor Giali); Populous (with Odd Arts), Connie Constance (with Sophie Jones and Morgan Benjamin); Merry Lamb Lamb (with Somewhere Nowhere Studio).Watch the project unfold on Gucci’s insta, and follow the leads through the app, podcast and Spotify so you don’t miss a beat.Burberry has long been known for its monogram. And since taking over as Chief Creative Officer, Riccardo Tisci has leaned into the label’s history, developing a new logo and debuting the brand’s first-ever monogram collection with a campaign starring Gigi Hadid. First revealed last summer, the new Burberry logo is a collaboration between Tisci and graphic designer Peter Saville, based on a 20th Century Thomas Burberry logo the designer found in the house’s archive.“When I first started at Burberry, I spent a lot of time in the archives researching the rich history of the house,” he said in a press release. “I quickly became very interested in Thomas Burberry and who he was not only as an inventor and innovator, but also who he was as a man, a husband and a father. […] What I wanted to do with the collection was to celebrate the breadth of who we speak to as a brand.”When I saw an image of his initials, the design felt so special and actually very modern, so I quickly developed it into a new code for the house. It’s a symbol that not only embraces Burberry’s heritage but also feels very contemporary.”Alongside Saville, Tisci also tapped photographer/director Nick Knight, stylist Katy England, makeup artist Isamaya Ffrench and hair stylist Gary Gill to turn Gigi into the ultimate Burberry archetype — or four.“The idea behind the shoot was to create imagery that allowed Gigi to play out the four characters of the lady, the gentleman, the girl and the boy in a very simple, stripped-back and honest studio environment,” said Knight.“We really wanted to illustrate how the Monogram collection has something for everyone – the chic lady, the elegant gent as well as the cool young kids,’ explained England.View the campaign video and key accessories from the collection below. Givenchy’s new campaign teaser begins with the stroke of a ponytail and some angelic whistle notes, and then everything goes black. Now, after teasing a winsome silhouette for the last 24 hours, we can finally concur that the house’s new face is definitely Ariana Grande — endorsed by a helpful #ARIVENCHY hashtag.The full campaign won’t be unveiled until July, but you can listen to that saccharine-pitched croon and watch those falling tresses on repeat below until the day comes.Katrina Hanna recently launched her SS19 collection of super sweet party shoes. It’s her third collection, which comes after London College of Fashion and Central Saint Martins, and mentorships with the likes of Alexander Wang.She hasn’t put a foot wrong with this one — four very likeable styles come in a bunch of colourways, but it’s the inspired details that really set things off. Mules come with heels made from Australian Banksia (some have their holes filled with shimmering blue stuff), which have been handpicked from the bush and are unique pair to pair. Another style has curvy metallic straps that remind us of oceans that reflect sunsets. And our favourite style features clear PVC straps embedded with two Swarovski crystals that “adorn the right pinky toe and the left upper side of the foot, like a new sun freckle.” Sweet!Get to know Katrine and her collection below:Name:  Katrine HannaStarsign: PiscesWhere are you from and where do you live now?I’m half Australian, half Lebanese. I work between Dubai and Beirut.Any personal beliefs or values that are meaningful to your work?I always think of ‘transforming women into an allegory of fantastical nature’. I’m very much inspired by the surreal and fantastical world and the transformative power that footwear allows.During the process of taking a drawing to prototype and to the final product, I rely on a butterfly feeling, a full body tingle sensation that I get when I see everything come together. This feeling is what I hope the women that see and wear my shoes feel. I want them to crumble with overwhelming emotion!And what were you doing, learning or practicing before you started working on your line? Throughout high school I was very into painting and creating 3D products. I went into uni thinking I would be a fine artist, a furniture designer or a ceramist. Somehow I ended up in the fashion accessories course specialising in footwear, realising that I could combine all these elements together. I wanted to understand the parallels between shoemaking and running a business so along side uni, I gained some work experience at Alexander Wang and Rupert Sanderson which was invaluable. After graduation I returned to Dubai, and put all the pieces together and In 2018 I launched my brand. Dubai has changed immensely since my growing up there and I felt it was a good fit to start my brand and contribute to the growth.Can you tell me a little bit of background on the collection and label — any inspirations, references, important collaborations? This collection is all about summer. A lot of inspiration came from poetry and the general heated summer romance in Lebanon. This is all translated through the material choice, colour and campaign imagery of the collection.The Bad Banksia styles are signature to my brand. Many in Australia are aware of the Banksia tree but don’t take much notice to it where as the rest of the world are not familiar at all. The transformative material is unique to itself and also to the market. This season I have elevated my signature raw heel with luminescent shimmery blue, green and gold fill in the holes.Starting as a flower the Banksia dries up into a pinecone like nut, falls to the ground and then is handpicked from the bush in Australia. During the process of turning the material into a heel, the outer layer is removed, smoothed and buffed, revealing a beautiful pattern that is never the same twice.This transformative process I find interesting and is a common theme amongst my work, right down to the craftsmanship of shoemaking. Thinking about this gives me tingles!For this season I collaborated on some campaign images with Beirut based photographer Michèle Aoun. We both have a similar vision of what summer/sunset is all about so it was very easy to execute.I also produced a short film ‘teaser’ of the collection with a Beirut based filmmaker, Hassan Julien Chehouri. We envisioned the mood of the woman who inspires the collection and elevated it through excerpts of Frederico Garcia Lorca’s poetry.If you could describe the collection in five words? Heat, charming, romantic, feminine, saucy.If the collection was a colour: Moon blueIf it was a mood: DeliriumIf it was an animal: Leafy seadragonIf it was a language: Its own dialect, a cross between Arabic, Italian and SpanishIf it was a place: Batroun at sunsetIf it was a time: Sunset of course!If it was a song: I cant pick one:If it was a season: Summer — late at night, when the air is heavy and humidIf it was a food: Huge red/green farm tomatoes with lots of olive oil and lemonIf it was a famous person: Sophie LorenIf it was a YouTube video: If it was a smell: Orange blossom and sea salt.If it was a texture: OilyIf it was a quote:August‘Against the sunsetpeaches and sugar,and the sun inside the afternoonlike the stone in a fruit.’– Frederico Garcia LorcaIf it was a film: Jamon JamonSaint Laurent have just revealed their AW19 face and it is none other than the most excellent face in the world: Keanu Reeves. That’s right, your actual mans has scored a fashion campaign and he is absolutely championing it. Take a look:Reeves wears a pinstripe jacket, dark shirt and sunnies, as you can see, which has all been shot mono by David Sims. In another shot, he wears spots and leather, which is just great and cannot be faulted:This might be the third time that Loewe have launched a seriously chilled out collection in collaboration with the legendary Paula’s Ibiza, but it’s the first ever time it has been available for purchase in Australia. Starting right now!Jonathan Anderson, who has been making excellent decisions for the house for quite some time now, brought in actual fashion killa A$AP Rocky the unveil a preview of the collection on insta — and so far, so hot. Gray Sorrenti, another top choice, was brought in again to photograph the collection in the Dominican Republic. Her photographs, totally spirited in the same way Paula’s ethos is, are so precious that they become a limited edition hardcover book that complements the clothing.Speaking of clothing: the collection sees wonderful Loewe signatures like knotted fabrics, lace, handsome leathers, beading and crafty textures, pulled into places both easy-going and far-out. There are floating skirts, striped linens, scuba swimwear, sequinned espadrilles, hoodies and rainbow blankets for post-sun salty skin. And it’s available in Australia right now — online via Net-a-Porter and IRL at the Westfield Sydney store.G-Star RAW have unleashed a staunch new campaign and its main goal is to get you to tap into who you are, and own it. The official tagline: “It’s you. Own it.”They’ve got Australian actress/model/bad gal Ruby Rose fronting the campaign — the unofficial spokesperson for keeping things true and weird.“I’ve always been a fan of G-Star, their attitude really aligns with my passion and respect for our planet,” she says. “In this specific campaign, I love how G-Star motivates us to embrace who we are and feel confident in doing so. Denim has a magical way of attributing to that confidence.” Yeah it does!Watch the campaign video below:Marking the launch of the Air Max 720, Nike have refused to go small. In fact, the campaign calls itself ‘Just Go Bigger’ and urges you to do the same. Celebrating the shoe, which is huge in innovation and air unit proportion (it’s the tallest AIR unit design yet), Nike have rounded up some of Melbourne’s most experimental creatives for your inspirational gain.A weekend of creative sessions from people we love — and who also happen to be Oyster contribs/fam — like Tristan Ceddia (of Never Now), James J. Robinson (photographer and filmmaker), Adriana Giuffrida (of POMS), will culminate in an immersive exhibition that shows off the weekend workshops’ results. It’s not just a place for looking at this crew’s genius work, there’s also an opportunity to participate. For instance, experimental design studio Artefact will be hanging out with their 3D printer, and other contributors will be around to talk shop.Fashion stylist Gadir Rajab will be holding a Material Exploration workshop as part of the program and in the lead-up, he’s tapped frequent collaborator Hunter Ryan to shoot a story that explores his knack for cool shapes and unconventional proportion, exclusively for Oyster and Nike. All models wear Nike Air Max 720 (AUD $260) throughout.  “Creativity truly comes into play when we allow ourselves to leave our comfort zones and surpass what we deem possible”— Hunter Ryan, photographer The shoot features the Air Max 720 and draws directly from its palette, which is inspired by the Aurora Borealis in Iceland. But it’s the contorted shapes that informed Hunter’s approach to photographing the story.“The future sci-fi warped droplet components encompassed in the Air Max 720 led me to experiment with perspective and distortion — mirroring the design elements on the shoe in a clean simplistic way,” Hunter explains. “The 720’s new innovative aesthetic has been paralleled across multiple components – diverse casting, future deconstructed garments/styling and style of capture”“Creativity truly comes into play when we allow ourselves to leave our comfort zones and surpass what we deem possible.” “I always try and go bigger with my ideas. Bigger for me means being a bit more ‘weird’ and not conforming… and looking globally for my inspirations, as Nike does.”– Gadir Rajab, stylist Gadir also drew on the colours and innovative elements of the new 720 when developing the styling direction. “The shoe is unconventional, so I went in that direction for styling,” he explained. The styling itself is also very experimental and innovative, with Gadir customising Nike pieces for a unique look.  “I always try and go bigger with my ideas. Bigger for me means being a bit more ‘weird’ and not conforming to the Australian commercial market — and looking globally for my inspirations, as Nike does.” You can join in the fun and support the Melbourne creative community this weekend at Nike ON AIR Presents ‘The Melbourne Department’. Open to the public from 11am-3pm Sunday 24 March at FAB9, 90 Maribyrnong Street, Footscray, the exhibition will showcase Hunter and Gadir’s images IRL, along with other works from the workshop hosts and their workshop participants. So, if you’ve got a flame for stuff like colour design, typography, industrial design, material exploration, accessories design and film, you need to tap this link and register your interest.Nike has very recently started dropping the Air Max Dia into select retailers and the reason you should care about it is this: the brand enlisted a fully female team, a designer, engineer, developer and product manager, to make a shoe for women by women.The Air Max Dia came thru and it’s slick and tough. A low key upper, which is fairly translucent, makes the shoe easy to wear with anything at the flick of a sock. And the Air unit itself is major, allowing a bit of a stack heel. Keen.“The sole unit ‘shell’ was designed to amplify and magnify the airbag window. Air is Nike and we know our consumer values innovation and technology as a style choice in addition to the comfort and performance we deliver,” the team told us.“The tooling height and silhouette was designed to accommodate as much air and underfoot cushioning as possible, while delivering her a brand new silhouette to work into her rotation.” Got it.Interestingly, and perhaps assuringly (for the fact that this is not a gimmick), when we asked the team about the importance of women designing for women, they declined it as a total necessity. “We have both Men and Women on our design teams,” they said. “And we all obsess stance, shape and proportion, colour and material… all the things that matter to her.”In any event, the resulting shoe isn’t subtle in it’s achievements — it even had a GQ editor urging his male readers to “ignore the advertising, shuffle over to the women’s side of the store, and grab a pair.” Or you can simply go online and cop ’em here.There’s high chance that you’ve slipped into one of Ian Griffiths’ designs and felt incredible — but there’s a higher chance that you’ve not heard his name before. “I’ve been described as the most influential designer you’ve never heard of,” he says — one of my favourite quotes of his, not just because it helps me get to my point but also because it swiftly delivers his disposition: no ego, rather an honestly earned confidence.Ian Griffiths has been the creative director at Max Mara for over 30 years, and he holds this achievement from a place of real gratitude. Toward the end of last year, it afforded him to take the long flight to Australia for the first time. He launched his resort collections in both Sydney and Melbourne, but more importantly (to him) he learned from a roundtable of Australian designers and toured multiple art and design powerhouses. After his visit, we managed to score some time with him to reflect on his learnings, but to also discuss his aspirations for the brand going forward — into a currently in-store SS19 collection, which just can’t stop modernising timelessness, and his most recent FW19 collection, which delved deep into ideals of power and glamour and boldness.So you’ve been at Max Mara for 31 years — how do you stay so inspired and motivated every day?
I think of the rise of the Max Mara woman as a continuous narrative of self empowerment, and I’ve been part of it for 31 years. I think of each season as a new chapter and to be perfectly honest, I can’t wait to get to the office each morning to write another chunk of the story. As Creative Director, I get credited as the author of this story but sometimes it feels like I’m uncovering it rather than inventing it. The story has a momentum of its own, and I’ve never suffered the design equivalent of writer’s block.We have a unique archive at Max Mara, just about every product and process has been preserved — not only garments, tens of thousands of them, but sketches, fabric swatch books, photographs, magazines. The archive is a reminder of where we came from, it’s our heritage and it keeps me in line with our brand identity. But I don’t allow all that history to oppress me. Every season I look for a shot of fresh inspiration from outside the walls of the archive. I keep my cultural antennae busy. In the past few years we’ve had Marilyn reading Dostoevsky on Malibu beach, with a wrap coat, a backpack and reading glasses; we’ve had the pioneering but unsung women of the Bauhaus; we’ve had Dorothy Parker as a proto-punk, Siouxsie Sioux in a camel coat. Those are just a few of the few of the twists that I’ve thrown into the story. How could I ever get bored?There is pressure these days, maybe because of social media, to be a jack of all trades. Everyone wants to be everything: stylist/photographer/creative director/model/surgeon. Have you ever been tempted by another trade?
I guess I’m an architect at heart. I began by studying architecture at university and a lot of that discipline has stayed with me; I’m an architect who works with clothes. But if there’s an architectural project, like a new flagship store for example, I would rather collaborate with an architect than be the architect. I think creative collaboration with a specialist is way better than trying to do everything yourself – that’s dilettantism. I’ve had the good fortune to collaborate with some of the best photographers, artists, architects, DJs and stylists — just look at the Whitney Bag that we developed with Renzo Piano Building Workshop or the Monopolis project that we did with Liu Wei in Shanghai. Other people’s creativity can stimulate your own.What is it that you love about designing clothes for women?
If I was designing for a fantasy figure, I would loose interest eventually. But I’m not; the Max Mara woman is real and I’ve got a kind of composite picture of her in my head, drawn together from characteristics of different women I have met over the years. Obviously, putting shows together is rewarding, but I get the biggest buzz when I find myself sitting next to a woman wearing Max Mara in a restaurant, or walk past her in the street. Or when I watch a woman trying on one of our coats in a store; she stands in front of the mirror and ties the belt, and you can tell, she feels glamorous like an off-duty movie star. I see how our clothes make a woman feel good about herself, and that makes me feel good. And I carry on.And what keeps you at Max Mara specifically?
I identify with the brand’s ethos 100%. I couldn’t transfer what I do to another brand; it’s a one-in-a-million match between me and Max Mara. It’s part of my story, and vice versa.Max Mara has made a positive contribution to women’s lives. And I’ve had the good fortune to have been part of that. I’ve had the chance to do something useful with my career, and I’m thankful for that — why would I want to go anywhere else?Can you talk me through some of the ways the company has evolved since you’ve been there?
When I joined, Max Mara was pivotal in defining the sartorial code that was known as ‘power dressing’ — I’m talking about the time of the film Working Girl. By dressing a certain way, women got access to the corridors of power, but in return for strict conformity. Thirty years later, they can be themselves. Dressing for work no longer means trying to blend in — smart women want to stand out and announce their individuality. They are cool, and that’s what the last few collections have been about.I don’t think it was an accident that Max Mara decided to hire this ex-punk from the Manchester club scene. I think Mr Maramotti envisaged a time would come when the working woman would get radical, and that time has come. I think he realised that classic doesn’t have to be conservative, and that’s what I’m trying to prove with every new collection.After lunch in Bondi, you mentioned that you’re surprised that Max Mara sells anything in Australia…  
I had lunch at Icebergs on my first day in Sydney. I was wearing a bespoke suit and a panama hat because that’s my look. Needless to say, I was the only person dressed that way. But I wasn’t made to feel uncomfortable or out of place. Australia seems very easy and accepting. And as I spent more time there, I saw more and more smartly dressed, pulled together people — in Sydney, and especially in Melbourne, where I held a lunch for the customers of our Collins Street store. Needless to say, none of them turned up wearing shorts and thongs like I saw on my first day in Bondi.I love that you took the time to get to know Australian style and culture during your trip — not just in fashion, but also art. What were the highlights? 
Well, as I said earlier I’m always looking for ideas and influences. If they’re not immediately useful, they may be in the future sometime. Cultural curiosity is second nature to a designer so I was very keen to take in as much as possible on this trip. I have always been fascinated by the aesthetics of Australian Indigenous Art and I wanted to find out more — and the world authority on the subject Tim Klingender very kindly offered to take me on a gallery tour in Sydney. I was blown away by what he showed me, but particularly by the work of Nonggirnga Marawili. Her work just spoke to me in a very direct way.In Melbourne I hooked up with Lou Weis, Creative Director of Broached Commissions, and he gave me a guided tour of ‘Design Storytellers’, the exhibition dedicated to their work at the NGV. I was saying earlier that I think of my work at Max Mara as telling a story, and the idea of narrative design is precisely the concept that Broached is founded on, so we really connected. There were a lot of references to Australian indigenous culture in that exhibition to, so it connected to what I had seen with Tim Klingender.I have a passion for contemporary furniture so I was also delighted to meet Rachel Fry, Creative Director of Australia’s pioneering design showcase Criteria Collection. We visited the Rigg Design Prize exhibition together. This year the theme was interior design for domestic living as a form of communication — so there was that narrative design theme again. My personal favourite was Black Studio’s installation ‘Our natural needs in a digital world’ with its take on a kind of raw edged, almost rustic minimalism.And I spent a great day with Joost Bakker, eco-warrior, architect, horticulturist, pop-up restaurateur, polymath and charming host. We had lunch at his self-built sustainable house in the Dandenong hills, walked in the forests and fern glades and visited local growers of organic products.What types of things were you excited to discuss at the Australian Fashion Chamber roundtable? And what did you learn? 
I spent a great morning with designers Bianca Spender, Ainsley Hansen (of Hansen and Gretel), Leila Hibri ,Natalija Bouropoulo, Mariam Seddiq and Yioryios Papayioryiou. I wasn’t there to lecture, I was there to learn. After all, they have all built and managed their own businesses, which I have never done. Australia’s fashion culture is relatively young, so this network of designers have the opportunity to do things differently. They have the energy and enthusiasm to address the complex issues of sustainability and ethics and reshape our industry.Let’s talk fashion and activism. What are your thoughts, your approach? 
Achille Maramotti founded Max Mara on the basis of a simple but brilliant vision: providing well designed, well made clothes for women who wanted their independence. Max Mara dressed that growing class of women as they broke into the workplace and started to push against that glass ceiling. In that sense, although it was never declared, Max Mara was born with a progressive agenda, but is that feminism or pro-feminism? I’m inclined to think the latter and when it comes to other ethical issues I would describe our approach as pro-activist as opposed to activist. We want to anticipate the issues that will concern the kind of woman who wears Max Mara, but we have never been in the business of campaigning or lobbying. I don’t think fashion can initiate change, but it can — and does — pick up on ideas and accelerate them massively. So it can be a great force for good.Halima Aden walking in a Max Mara hijab was a headline-making moment in 2017. How’d this come about?
This is a great example of what I was saying about activism. Halima was the first hijab wearing model that I am aware of, and when I met I wanted to cast her to reflect reality. If you took a walk down Bond Street in London or Avenue Montaigne in Paris you wouldn’t be surprised to see a woman wearing a Max Mara coat and a hijab; why should the runway be any different? I believe that brands looking to sell in different parts of the world should portray women from those areas in their communication. It’s a simple question of respect.Did that lead to Halima fronting the new Max Mara capsule collection for the Middle East, or was it a wider plan? 
The plan is to take every opportunity we can to demonstrate our commitment to diversity — or ‘normalcy’, as it might be better described. If Halima had come along five years earlier, I would have cast her then. Halima has taught me a lot about so-called modest dressing. Firstly that it’s not an esoteric dress code set in stone; you can be creative. And secondly, that there are many many non-Muslim women in the Max Mara world who prefer to cover up too. I don’t really like the term ‘modest’ — it kind of implies those women want to blend into the background. They don’t.Max Mara was one of the first houses designing with the working woman in mind — very progressive for the 50s. How has the vision of this woman changed through the years? What type of woman is she now — what does she listen to, watch, read and drink? 
She’s cool, in control, ambitious and she demands to be taken on her own terms. She has a complicated life and has to balance work, family, social life and travel — and she wants to look pulled together in every situation, because that makes her feel good, so she can project the best of herself. That’s why she comes to Max Mara. She’s a specific type of woman, but she doesn’t belong to a specific culture or social demographic, which is why I can’t generalise about her reading habits or what she drinks. Is it enough to say that whatever she reads is well written, and whatever she drinks is the best quality available?How do you keep it fresh without getting too weird for your current customers? Who or what are you looking at for inspiration? 
When we decided to reach out to a younger customer, we swore that we wouldn’t abandon the women who have been wearing Max Mara for thirty years. That would have been a massive betrayal of the brand’s commitment to accompanying women on their journey to the top. I thought a lot about those women; they are at the top of their worlds now, and they want to celebrate their success by dressing in a way that announces who they are. They are cool, and they want to show it. So those ideas that might draw a younger woman into the Max Mara world appeal to them too. Max Mara comes from a position of respect for the women who are going to wear it, so weird doesn’t come into the equation.POMS makes eyewear so good that we feel like we oughta be wearing them even while we sleep. Building on dreamy holiday refs and 90s iconography, designer Adriana Giuffrida adds two new frames to the already major POMS line (as well as another stamp in the passport).Bringing in some French vibes to the exiting mix of Italian heritage and exploration of Egyptian talismans, POMS have collaborated with French journalist Sabina Socol to create a style named after her. The Sabina comes in three colour ways and speaks of the good stuff: “90s memories of glossy brown lips, transparent pink hair clips and tortoise shell combs imagined within a Bertolucci film setting.” Big mood.Also in the new collection is the Oro, made of sexy metal rim frames embedded with onyx, rose quartz and tiger-eye stone, carrying with it a flashy 80s power babe feeling.Your old faves Giro and Nuovo appear again within the collection, as well as that fancy lady jewellery POMS does so well — each with subtle changes, but never losing their nostalgic romance.Shop the new bits here.With designers like Alexander Wang ditching New York’s official Fashion Week schedule and Rodarte showing in LA after making a big return to NYC just last year, it could be said that NYFW was shaky territory. But that’d be wrong. This season, the city was absolutely feeling itself. New labels, up and comers, and established brands all gave the people exactly what they wanted: fresh and weird ideas, aspirational identities, hella glamour and an assertion of colour, boldness and hope. Also lots of tie dye and and rainbow stockings.In no particular order, except alphabetical, here are the collections that make us want to open our wardrobes in that dramatic way they do in films right before a makeover scene:The elusive punk nana mood. Not one that’s easy to strike a balance on — wallpaper prints and textural knits can turn bad, fast — but one that’s truly incredible when pulled off right. Anna Sui brought all of the colour and character she could muster for this ‘Poptimism’ collection — a nice escape from our fairly tiring reality, proving that a cool outfit can change your life (for a min).Excuse us while we glue diamontés to every surface of our skin as well as every hem and hand bag in sight. Area made a case for the sparkle once more this season, but rather than being overtly glam they took it to a more dangerous punky side with interesting proportions and tricky tailoring. The Area girl is the exact woman you want to meet in the bathroom line at the club and spend the rest of your night/life with.Batsheva Hay’s glory box frills have recently become a girl-girl staple. And after presenting a new collection of frills in her NYC pop up, on women like Christina Ricci and Esther McGregor (who wore a dress that Courtney Love had scribbled her ‘Good Sister/Bad Sister’ lyrics on), the uniform is showing no signs of vanishing. Long live modest beauty!Dress for the job you want, they say. So if in fact you’re an aspiring boss bitch, may we please direct your attention toward Boss. You’ll find heritage tailoring with modern tweaks — said to be inspired by New York’s art gallery curators and the professionals who visit them. It’s a laid-back importance that these piece carry that makes them so worth your while. Also that musk stick suit.This season, Camilla and Marc looked to simplicity and natural things. What resulted was 24 looks that we’d happily have on rotation for the rest of our lives — a timeless palette of colour, print and texture informed everything from floor-sweeping crushed velvet dresses, shiny black outerwear, the perfect matcha suit, and belts that quite frankly made us love belts again. Having all of these pieces shown in a Greenwich hotel penthouse, with the incredible Ana Kraš as host, was the aspirational icing on the dream-life cake.Bermuda shorts under chiffon dresses. What a moooooood. And this is the thing about coach — with all of their mixed prints and generous fabrications, they never make you fear fashion. Their pieces slot happily into stuffed wardrobes and their new styling tricks can be applied to already owned pieces.Huge call, but: Hillary Taymour’s Collina Strada show was the best thing anyone’s eyes saw at NYFW this season. Each time she explores something close to her — energy, society, true selfs. This time, she explored her flawed relationship with our Mother Earth. It wasn’t a sermon on doing better, but rather a confession on what she still does wrong. Regardless, it’s what she did right that we’re celebrating post-show. A whopping 75% deadstock fabric and recycled waste provided the foundation to a collection that’s fun, wearable and completely of-the-moment. Strange coloured silks met familiar tie dyes, layers billowed with freedom, another case was made for coloured tights, and we were all reminded to drink water.If you’ve ever had reservations about Dion Lee’s place in New York, let this show quash them immediately. His paired back blend of opera gloves, corsetry, and blazers meant nothing but business. Well, perhaps they alluded to romance, but not one that needs tending to. This season, Dion’s women have staunch structure and a schedule they stick to.Watching Eckhaus Latta push their ideas further into the realm of luxury without getting boring is like watching your best friend thrive. It’s really restorative. They’ve always had a hot skill for sewing gently-worn fabrics into unconventional shapes, but this season she fancy. Among the patched knits and funky denim we get actual gowns and tight tailoring. It’s quirky art person who exclusively shops at small town op shops, but it’s also a person with a very expensive skincare routine. Goals.After a year and a half, Helmut Lang is back on the runway scene with Mark Thomas and Thomas Cawson at the reigns. Mark is the creative director at Lang, with a CV that includes work at Joseph and Givenchy; while Thomas is the denim expert who previously stood as the global creative director of Calvin Klein Jeans. Together, they dipped into 90s Lang refs and brought back that very cool and casual attitude. Production has returned to Italy too. Big ticks all round.Under a tree dropping golden leaves, Khaite’s first ever show rolled out in front of an audience who were sipping martinis and all of a sudden fashion was fun again. The first look was one of mutton sleeves, from the tried and true cool-girl dress code, but the wearable drama didn’t stop there. In fact, all sleeves were particularly clever. Plus there was suede fringing, zebra boots, belts worn on the outside of blazers, and an emerald leather vibe, which all came together to really emphasise how gratifying getting dressed in the morning can be.Focusing on the subtle supernatural powers women, as she does best, Lou Dallas designer Raffaella Hanley presented a collection that had a lot to do with horseback, parades, travellers and siren songs. Think candy stripes, gently medieval detailing, the loungewear of a rock’n’roll muse and DIY dolly clothes.In a season of mad growth for NYC labels, Luar was certainly not left behind. This show spoke loudly of pro menswear tailoring with the added smarts of cable knits and pin stripes. Oh and the downfall of a certain patriarchy via and all too necessary tug on the collar of “male” codes of conduct. Also when and where can we buy those Luar bangs clips?Marc Jacobs gives the people what they want with hyper ruffles and proportions that’ll make getting in and out of taxis extremely difficult but even more entertaining. We are very glad he is continuing to explore maxed out 80s shaped and we never want him to make a skirt that has less than 86 layers ever again.Looking daily at Maryam’s instagram account, we feel like this is who we want to be when we ‘grow up’ and ‘get it together’. Watching her clothing roll out, season after season, on women who we can both relate to and aspire to be, cements this ambition. Without making too grand a gesture, Maryam Nassir Zadeh writes our destiny in stone, season after season. And there go those coloured tights again…A good printed mesh and an item with a perfectly placed ruching or gather have become wardrobe essentials for casually sexy women the world over. And Priscavera just so happens to do them both, really well. This season, among a fiery palette, sits some forrest greens, workable checks and stripes and cool mints. All pointing toward a quite unexpected area of grown-upness for the label, that still has time for a full sheer moment.Sandy Liang shows traditionally take place in restaurants — her dad’s Congee Village or her mate’s Mission Chinese (both essential eating in NYC) — but this season she became stepped into new territory and presented in a gallery. She also stepped into unisex territory, with a hot mix of outwear that can be worn by all. The rest of the show celebrated that special way that ultra feminine wear communicates with with sporty vibes. FYI, what they say to each other is purely complimentary.There’s no denying that Telfar Clemens has legitimate fans — as he, himself, is the ultimate fan. This time, he took his music concert format to peak encore. Models walked into a spotlight, dressed in flared denim, chaps, and cowboy gowns, and fell openly into the crowd. A nod to mosh pits and stage dives, of course, but also a demonstration of the real support his community (and fans) have given him.This season, Tom Ford said he felt frustrated and agitated and exhausted by the world around him (same). But you wouldn’t know it immediately from his collection — full of melting chocolates, fevered purples, blushing pinks and very textural greys. But on closer inspection, there’s a sense of zen in the tailoring. This is where he focused his energy — this concentration on careful detail is what distracted him from current affairs.Alessandro Michele is set to trot his Gucci FW19 collection past gagging spectators in a few hours’ time. That’s Wednesday, February 20, 3PM in Milan — or Thursday, February 21, 1AM Sydney time — to be specific.As per, we know not much of the exact influences Michele has drawn from for the collection, though we’re sure there will be many. The only secure clue is that the physical invitation arrived in a small wooden crate and took the form of a mask of Hermaphroditus — who in Greek mythology was said to be the two-sex child of Aphrodite and Hermes, and a symbol of androgyny. But a blurring of the sexes seems typical of Gucci, so we want to know more.The digital invitation appears to have an image of Helios behind the text — the god responsible for carrying the sun across the sky each and every day.To see new days of sexual fluidity unfold at the hands of Gucci, hit the live stream below when it’s time.Karl Lagerfeld, perhaps the most prolific designer we’ve seen in our time, through all of his work at Chanel, Fendi, and his signature label, has died in Paris at age 85.News comes after Lagerfeld missed his bow at the end of his Chanel show at Paris Fashion Week in January, as he was unable to attend for health reasons.More to come.Manahou Mackay is a 19-year-old Maori woman. She shook up my local, ever-growing fashion industry by being the first trans model to walk at New Zealand Fashion Week in 2017. At that time, we mixed in the same friendship groups but never had much to speak about beyond the surface stuff. Recently our energies have drawn each other closer. She is now a dear friend.The following conversation and photo series takes place almost immediately after the moment Ed Razek’s words on the casting policies at Victoria’s Secret became public. It should be noted that I’ve never particularly cared about the VS spectacle — like the Super Bowl, I’ve only ever shown up for Gaga. Regardless, the story held my attention. The further I read, the further confused I found myself. I phoned Manahou.Wanting to document the conversation, I drove to her house. She was waiting for me on her deck, petting her dog. An energetic hug and we crash back down on the couch, sorting through lingerie — the inclusive kind, thanks Lonely Lingerie!Rob: What was your initial reaction to Ed Razek’s words? 
Manahou: Initially, I was hurt by Ed Razek’s comments. Victoria’s Secret is seen widely as the epitome of femininity so, coming from an insecure place in my heart, I felt that trans girls can’t be seen as such. But on further thought, I came to the realisation that I feel really sorry for him. How unfortunate he is to live in a world where he is missing out on the unique beauty and perspective that comes with the transgender mind body and soul. Also a self-reminder — you don’t need validation from ignorant mindsDo you have advice for him and VS? 
Find all the dogmatism within your empire, and throw it out the door before it destroys you.And what about aspiring models, do you have any words of wisdom for anyone entering the scene? 
Do your best to remember that you’re more than a clothes hanger. Your beauty is deeper than the surface. Learn to be financially savvy — there will be times you work a lot and time you don’t. Don’t blow your coin!Do you think people in the industry treat you differently after finding out your gender identity? 
This varies from person to person. Of course there are some uncomfortable situations, but this is not contained to the fashion industry (this happens in day to day life). The biggest difference I’ve found is that people automatically expect me to share very intimate details of my life, which is not something expected of cis gender models. I am, however, grateful for this. I’ve reached a point where, if I’m seeing a new guy, I can just tell him to google me and not go through the stress of spilling the tea.What makes you feel sexy? 
Accomplishing something iconic, vinyl and whiskyWhat are some of your goals? 
To live a life with good and well thought out values; to find my purpose and the way I can best serve the world; to find the truest definition of my soul and articulate it to the world; and to be the first woman on Mars (hey @elonmusk).What do you do to look after yourself?
Philosophy changed my life. It can offer you a new perspective and a better understanding of yourself. I try to live intuitively regarding what I eat and do. And when all else fails, I get a bottle of wine and hide in my room for three days.What are your core values in life? 
I could discuss this question for days. In short: everything has energy. We know and can feel within ourselves whether that energy is good or if it is toxic. I am aligning my values with what I feel is virtuous and positive. If you are unfamiliar with Aristotle’s perspective on eudaimonia, it is worth the read.Go to karaoke song? 
Stingray Affliction – IssuesDrink of choice? 
Vodka and water with two lemons. No hangover.One country you’d want to travel to? 
Anywhere rich in history. At the moment, Egypt.You invite me over for dinner, what are we having? 
Vegan creamy mushroom pasta and Pinot, of course.When are we having dinner next? 
Let’s start cooking now. Thanks for being you.Virgil Abloh has dropped his third Louis Vuitton menswear collection: Pre-Fall 19. Just a week after presenting his FW19 collection in Paris, the designer has debuted a new campaign and fashion film along with collection, that doubles as its own capsule. Shot by Nick Sethi, the imagery stars Blood Orange’s Dev Hynes, who performed a live soundtrack at last week’s show, along with British model Lash, who opened Abloh’s debut Louis Vuitton show last year.The film, which splices videos of the models next to Jamiroquai, who also inspired pieces of the collection, showcases some of its most important moments: harnesses worn over jackets,  plaid windbreakers and fuzzy hats inspired by the former.Watch for yourself, below.Tyra Banks is a MOGUL, remember? She said it enough times on every season of America’s Next Top Model. Of course, that means she’s always starring in new movies (like Life Size 2), leaving and returning to ANTM, hosting a talk show, and so forth. Now, she’s opening a theme park, too.Yeah, you read that correctly. Well, sort of. Modelland, which is set to open this year in Santa Monica, California, will feature shopping and dining options open to the public, as part of her goal of bringing modelling to the whole world.“I’ve always been insanely inspired by attractions like Disneyland and Universal Studios and have wanted to bring that spirit of adventure and storytelling to the world of modelling,” she told Variety. “But not the exclusive modelling industry. I’m talking about modelling for the masses.”In the interview, she said she’s been working on Modelland for “ten very intense years.” In her words, it’ll be “a place where the modelling world meets fantasy, meets entertainment, meets technology, meets retail, meets dining, meets … your fiercest best self you could ever imagine.”“Modelland is not just a place to us; It’s a movement,” she continued. “Yes, it’s an attraction and a destination, but above all, it’s the genesis for people with all types of different beauty to feel seen and validated. Modelland will empower them to embrace, celebrate and adorn their own unique beauty in ways they never thought possible.”Sounds serious. But I guess that’s what it takes to be a business, brand, boss. ANTM forever.Y/Project always knows how to make a statement. For SS19, the brand enlisted their friends to star in their latest campaign — oh, and also a giant lizard and parrot. Shot by frequent collaborator Arnaud Lajeunie in different locations around Paris, the imagery “is a celebration of the people we love, focusing on their individuality, pushing their personal colour,” according to creative director Glenn Martens.“We always shoot people we love, people who mattered in the process of creating the brand,” he continued. I wonder what the parrot and lizard did in helping with this collection?The campaign also includes a grid embedded within the natural Parisian backgrounds, meant to represent each model and their individual personalities.As for the collection, Martens expanded on the theme of individuality, expressing: “Certain brands push the army effect, they’re great at it. We try to do the opposite. For me, clothes should emphasise one’s personality. That’s why our catwalk is so eclectic.”Travis Scott has dropped a new video for his latest single ‘Can’t Say’, and it comes by way of a press release from Saint Laurent HQ. Within, he hoons through tunnels dressed in Anthony Vaccarello’s finest, under the direction of Nathalie Canguilhe.The whole thing is fairly sci-fi by way of CGI input, but there’s also religious iconography present when a women is attached to cross made out of speakers, plus some pyramids, and also both horses and motos popping wheelies.Watch below.The late-90s/early-00s brought forth wardrobe wonders that still make us marvel: butterfly clips, Dior saddle bags, sunglasses built for outer space/cyber space, cowl necks and whale tails. Fantazia, a private showroom in Berlin and e-boutique in the WWW, is a purveyor of such finery.“In an era where powerhouses like Galliano, Gianni, and Gaultier embraced the power of the female form, it’s no surprise that 20 years later, their designs are as celebrated and sought after like the day they premiered on the runway.” Fantazia’s Nadia Kanaan writes in the store’s mission statement.“Especially in a present in which we’re force fed an endless digital feed of fast-fashion and hype trends,” she continues. “The fashion conscious among us desire originality and applaud creativity. With archival Instagram accounts resurrecting the magic of the runway’s golden age, Fantazia materialises that passion for the past by opening up it’s archival closet.”And thank god it did because I have never seen so much of Dior’s Rasta moment in the same place at the same time.Fantazia prides itself on thorough quality and authenticity checks, so you can really feel comfy knowing you’re getting the real deal. They also do restorations, tailoring and mending of minor defects, which is a huge tick (ask yourself: how many vintage pieces sit at the back of your wardrobe, waiting for you to legit never repair them like you said you would when you bought them 3+ years ago).Scope some of Fantazia’s business in the snaps below by Peri Rosenzweig — shot on mates Stefanie Modares and Halle Lagatta while cruising through NYC madness.Originally opened in 2014 as a place where people could shop before they dropped in on a Melbourne dance floor, Distal Phalanx has overtime etched a firm “I was ‘ere” in the rich niche of Australia’s experimental shopping scene.Now with a locale in Sydney, DP continues to spread the good word of new and weird fashions by labels such as Barragán, Gauntlett Cheng, Hardeman, Claire Barrow, Maroske Peech, Telfar and lots more — often as Australia’s exclusive stockist.The vibe is sort of subversive internet thot — which we say only with respect. Stock is curiously off-beat, but it’s sexy. A real mood in an age where body ownership, sexuality, boundaries and identity are being redefined and defied continuously. Obviously the garb is all unisex, too.Gift your eyes on the editorial below, featuring relatively current but quickly selling out pieces from the Sydney digs, and hop online or visit irl to get the look.Distal Phalanx sits at 1/204 King Street in Newtown, and is open 11am-6pm Wednesday to Friday, 11am-5pm Saturday.2019 is off to a good start for the new Mr. and Mrs. Justin Bieber. Earlier this week, Justin launched his new clothing line, Drew House (or is it House of Drew? IDK) , and it’s… very beige.On its website, the label describes itself as: “drew house is a place where you can be yourself. blah blah blah blahsdbksjdfhl. wear like you don’t care. come chill. k. bye.” K, cool, and I guess ourselves are very… beige.The brand includes athletic-style streetwear (that’s, yes, beige), as well as hoodies and t-shirts featuring the name DREW (Justin’s middle name) and brand logo, a giant smiley face. The pieces run from $50 (for a plain yellow “drew” tee) to $150 (for corduroy pants and a button-up). Each piece also comes with a super hip description on the site, such as “you could rock this bad boy for days. we dont recommend it, but you totally could” on a corduroy hoodie and “the kind of thing you wanna roll out of bed wearing” on said button-up. Both styles are also… beige.Unsurprisingly, the whole line is already sold out — after all, this is Justin Bieber we’re talking about. BUT I didn’t realize so many people loved beige. Though clearly, Justin does.No word yet on when the collection will be re-stocked, but a pop-up on the site says they’ll “hit us up soon.” In the meantime, the internet is having a field day about the line, specifically its prices ($98 for a basic hoodie) and diverse color palette. At least it’s “ethically made in limited quantities in Los Angeles.”Poor Bieber. Now that he has quit music, we’ll probably be seeing more Drew House in the future. Never Say Never.Gucci founded its Chime for Change campaign in 2013, providing a platform for women and girls to reshape their futures. This came in the shape of a clean water initiative in Africa last year, and this year sees a strong push for gender equality via a zine and film project.Gucci’s creative director Alessandro Michele and artist MP5 created the campaign’s theme and visuals, which aim to inspire ‘To Gather Together’. Murals featuring genderless silhouettes have hit walls in London, Hong Kong, New York, Milan and Taiwan.Additionally, the first issue of a zine titled Chime has dropped, which celebrates global voices who’re kicking and screaming about gender inequality — Hanne Gaby Odiele on her intersex experience, Travis Alabanza on meeting with gender, Brittany Packnett on Maya Angelou, and many more. It’s available at select bookstores including the Gucci Wooster Bookstore in NYC and the Gucci Garden in Florence. A digi version is also here.On top of this, a Chime for Change campaign film — The Future is Fluid — debuted at Sundance Film Festival over the weekend. The short film, by Jade Jackman and Irregular Labs, looks to what gender really means for Generation Z.Bottega Veneta’s SS19 campaign, the first under Daniel Lee (whose work you may have unknowingly loved at Céline), looks to the luxury of time — only to produce something quite timeless. A palate cleanser, they call it aptly.A gentle sun hovers over an unfussy concrete set, which gently suggests a holiday. And the clothing does the same: tan leather bags next to a sun-kissed bare body, crisp suiting and soft white cotton singlets, and leather trenches lit by night and day. All intimately captured by Tyrone LeBon.Riccardo Tisci’s debut collection for Burberry was polarising. A whopping number of looks pushed the heritage brand’s aesthetic in more ways than we could have guessed. And now, comes his first campaign for the house, which is also a patchwork of references.“The thing that excites me the most about Burberry is how inclusive it is – it appeals to everyone no matter their age, their social standing, their race, their gender,” Riccardo expressed. “I knew I wanted to work with a collection of collaborators to help interpret the breadth of what this incredible heritage house represents to so many different people.”“I pulled together 6 photographers, all with a very different energy, experience and point of view of the world – including British masters of photography and the next generation who have something new to say – to interpret this new Burberry era and the multigenerational men and women we speak to, all through their own unique eyes.They are images that have the confidence to stand on their own, but it’s when they are assembled together that they truly bring the diversity, the eclecticism, the inclusivity and the beauty of Burberry to life.”Making their campaign debut for the house, Nick Knight, Danko Steiner, Hugo Comte, Colin Dodgson, Peter Langer and Letty Schmiterlow are the photogs on board. The results speak to their influences just as loudly as they speak to Riccardo’s design references.Miuccia awoke the beast last night in a Prada collection that riffed off Mary Shelley’s Frankenstein. “A tension between the human sensitivity and the dangerous roughness of life,” the shows description reads on instagram — a very real sentiment.The collection brought electric furs, architectural belting, extreme lab shoes, latex, lightning bolts and hearts pinned to chests. “Frankenstein is an example of a monster with a big heart, so that was the main idea,” Miuccia said.“Basically it had to be a romantic show. And mainly I was interested in the understanding of humanity: weakness and the more delicate and naked aspects of humanity also. The rejected… the one who doesn’t have a career. It was set against a very tough world—that is why war and military was in the air.”Of all things — severed heads, aliens, memes, raves, Harry Styles — Gucci seems to have really hit a nail on the head when it comes to campaigns featuring cute animals. The people love ’em!For this Chinese New Year capsule collection, we get not only a collection that is covered in pigs, but a campaign that is too. Shot in Manhattan by Frank Lebon, we see the little rip snorters hanging in Central Park, on stoops and inside houses that have crisp linen and chandeliers. Very posh.The collection itself is 35 pieces of hog, embellished with Walt Disney’s Three Little Pigs motif, which looks so damn good dancing across supreme totes and wind breakers. The story’s moral (hard work pays off) runs thick through the collection too — a stand-out piece branded with a flying pig and the quote “Do you believe in collaborations between dead couturiers and living designers?” is the tea.A$AP Rocky might’ve cemented the Babushka trend, but Frank Ocean is its new poster boy. With a post on his newly public Instagram, the rapper co-signed the movement with a photo and “FaceTimes in Babushka” caption.Alessandro Michele and Demna Gvasalia have both been purveyors of the Babushka trend, as well, giving us some great headscarf moments at Gucci, Balenciaga and Vetements. But Ocean’s take is by far our fav, and destined to spwan a million memes and imitators.Though, headscarves aren’t the only thing Ocean wants his fans to be wearing this season — apparently, he’s also a big fan of the SCOTTeVEST and night cream. In a rare interview for the new issue of GQ, Ocean declared his love for the utilitarian garment and spilled all of his skincare secrets. “The SCOTTeVEST! Men need to get hip to the SCOTTeVEST,” he said about the “informercial vest with deep pockets. “You can put anything in it. Your water bottle, your cell phone, your motorcycle helmet—you can put all that shit inside the SCOTTeVEST.”As for skin care, Ocean said: “Man, listen…some days, like today, I feel very beautiful. But some days, like in the winter, when I wear a lot of knit hats, my skin doesn’t like that. My mom told me years ago that you gotta get somebody to stitch the silk inside the lining of the cap so it doesn’t irritate your skin, ’cause your skin is sensitive. I didn’t listen to my mom, but I really do believe in a night cream. I feel like men just go to sleep. They may wash their face or they don’t even bother—they go to sleep with the day face on. You really need to do a gentle wash and put a night moisturizer on. You can’t have the retinol in your creams in the day because it makes you more sun-sensitive, so you wanna throw that on at night. I need the night cream because when I wake up I feel very beautiful, moisturized and ready to have people making eye contact with me, ready to look above my eyebrow, below the eyebrow.”Whoa.“That’s the life hack right there,” he continued. “It’s been all these years, and Pharrell still hasn’t given us the keys yet. He just says ‘exfoliate,’ but it’s not just ‘exfoliate’: We need more keys.”Yeah, Pharrell. But seriously, the more we get to know about the extremely private Ocean, the more we love him. On this week’s to-do list: headscarves, SCOTTeVESTs and skin cream.It’s no secret that Gucci loves Dapper Dan. After channeling the legendary New York designer with their Cruise 18 collection (and getting called out by Diet Prada), the brand tapped Dan to star in their AW17 tailoring campaign and dropped their first ever collaboration collection, a Dapper Dan-designed capsule. Now, the brand has put together a limited edition book that immortalises the pioneer and their collab in print.Shot by photographer Ari Marcopoulos, the book gives an inside look at Dan’s hometown of Harlem through his eyes, with portraits of his friends and family alongside locals posing in the collection. Featuring images of some of the capsule’s strongest pieces, as well as classic Harlem landmarks and photos of chef Marcus Samuelsson, and artist Cleo Wade, among others, it’s a long overdue ode to such a legendary designer.Limited to only 500 copies, the book was launched on Tuesday night at the Gucci Garden, where Daniel was on hand for signatures. It’s available at Gucci’s Florence Garden and newly-opened Wooster Bookstore in New York, as well as through London publisher IDEA as of today. Be quick.Ewan McGregor really knows how to pick his parts. There was Renton, in Trainspotting, of course; Obi-Wan Kenobi in Star Wars; the actual ghost in The Ghost Writer; and perhaps the most widely familiar (though similarly uneasy) character of all time, Christopher Robin. Now, the actor will take on the role of legendary designer Halston in a new miniseries, Simply Halston.There isn’t much info about the series yet, other than that it will be directed by Dan Minahan, who directed several episodes of American Crime Story: The Assassination of Gianni Versace, and written by The Affair‘s Sharr White. McGregor himself has signed on as an executive producer.Halston, who started in the hat biz and earned his keep when he designed the pillbox Jackie O wore on her head to her husbands inauguration, eventually shifted to fashion and became one of America’s most-loved. He launched his first RTW line in 1969, and his clean, minimalist designs, created some of the most iconic looks throughout the 70s.He designed loose pants for women so they “don’t have to worry about getting into low sports cars,” and was the guy who popularised kaftans in America (according to Vogue). With respect, he was flashy. Always out and about at Studio 54, rubbing elbows with Warhol, Bianca Jagger and his close friend, Liza Minnelli.He quite quickly made a lot of money, $30mil between 1968-73. Then he sold it for $16mil but remained the principal designer — working on fragrances, menswear, lingerie, luggage, bedding, everything. Until shit hit the fan in the 80s when he signed a gigantic licensing deal with J.C. Penny, making over a billion dollars on an affordable diffusion line, but then having some regrets and ultimately losing all rights to his namesake.He died in 1990, after testing positive to HIV in 1988. And his namesake label was passed through many hands, including Sarah Jessica Parkers. But Halston, himself, has remained one of the most influential designers ever — even his J.C. Penny line paving the way for other designers to start expansion lines (looking at you Michael Kors).While you wait for a trailer and release date, you may amuse yourself with this timeless profile:The fashion world has been on a serious health kick lately, with numerous houses officially declaring that fur and exotic skins are out, as well as labels like Thom Browne and Molly Goddard (both above) doing literal salad dressing for SS19. Los Angeles has also had a big bump in the industry, with Rodarte deciding to head back to the city for AW19, following designers like Hedi Slimane, Jeremy Scott and of course, Maria Grazia Chiuri, who took over Calabasas for Dior Cruise 18. So, apart from the obvious reasons, it makes total sense that the city has decided to launch the first ever Vegan Fashion Week on February 1.“I want to ignite conversations and debates within the industry by educating, elevating, and drawing connections between our most important values: our respect for human life, animal rights, and the environment,” said VFW founder Emmanuelle Rienda.Running through February 4, the event will bring together vegan friendly designers and host discussions about animal rights, social justice, technology and intersectionality. The inaugural theme will be “Facing Our Time.”In hopes of maintaining an all vegan environment, the event will also be handing out goodie bags featuring vegan beauty products, accessories, food and more. And if all goes to plain, Rienda hopes to bring Vegan Fashion Week to cities all around the world.Go, girl.The story goes that Sveta grew tired of basketball after six years, hopped on the internet and found an agency. Owing perhaps to her very fortunate ratio of forehead, doe eyes, pillowed lips and petite chin — but also to her utter sweetness — Sveta’s nonchalant entry to modelling has lead to a career that is anything but.She’s had her fair share of campaigns, pages in major titles, and has walked for all the hot labels from Rodarté to Hood By Air. Right now, you might recognise her from Daisy’s current look book, in which she is complete fire. Of course.Name: SvetaNickname: MatiuStar sign: PiscesWhere are you from and where do you live now?
I’m from Russia but moved to LA two years ago .What do you like to do/hope to do outside of modelling?
When I have a free day I try to walk as much as I can. I also love just staying home and watching some movies, reading books, practicing my English.What’s your favourite time of day?
Probably morning.What inspires you most?
My family.Any personal beliefs or values that are meaningful to you?
I believe that you have only one life, so you should do as much as you can to make yourself, your family and your friends happy. I also think that family is the most precious thing on earth.What celebrity or person from history do you have a crush on?
NoneWhat do you want to be when you grow up?
I wanna have a family and bunch of animals What scares you most?
I’m insanely scared of flying, and it really affects me cause I’m travelling all the time.The best gift you’ve ever received?
My little sister and brother.What is a skill you wish you possessed?
Drawing and photographing.If you could dedicate a song to someone right now, what would it be and who would it be for?
Something for my mum.Gucci continues to tap new and old artists who create work that really means something to their customers and clients, this time nabbing subcultural king Harmony Korine to capture the Pre-Fall 2019 collection.Shot in Harmony’s confronting style; models pose with hyper snacks, selfie-takers and DSLR tourists who may rather call themselves ‘travellers’. The textural backdrops become forefront with the realisation that the campaign is shot within the UNESCO World Heritage Sites of Herculaneum and Pompeii — a decision made by the house with the intention of preserving and promoting the history of these ancient Roman cities, and bringing them to the attention of a fresh new audience. Super cool.New York cult label Slashed By Tia is back with a new collection. In just a few short years, the brand designed by Nigerian-born Teni Adeola, has become a favourite of celebs like Kali Uchis, and pretty much every NYC cool girl you’ve ever seen on Instagram. Adeola’s angelic mix of sexy sheer fabrics and Renaissance-era ruffles makes Slashed By Tia the perfect warm weather wardrobe — and her latest drop is dreamy AF.“I started Slashed by Tia when I was 18 and now I’m 21,” says the designer. “I’d say this is my boldest collection yet. The clothes have just grown with me.”To celebrate the drop of the new range, Adeola tapped photographer Luma Nocito and a crew of ultimate NYC cool girls to star in her Spring campaign.“The lack of diversity in the fashion industry is something I’m very passionate about and will continue to strive to change,” she says about her vision for the imagery. “There’s this notion of exclusivity and particularly with runway shows, this idea of military-looking models that are all the same height, weight, race and shape. For every campaign I do, I want to make it as diverse as possible — I want the everyday girl who sees the images to think, ‘Oh she looks like me, I’d look great in that,” she continues. “I want whoever puts on these clothes to enter a higher form of themselves.”Remember when Rodarte decided to return to New York to show their most recent collection? Well, that didn’t last very long. After heading back to NYC with their S/S ’19 collection after an off-season presentation and one in Paris, the Mulleavy sisters have decided they’ll be taking the brand to Los Angeles for AW19.“California is one of our most important influences and having our first show in Los Angeles is a dream we’ve long wished to make reality,” they wrote in an Instagram post.Though it will be Rodarte’s first LA presentation, other brands have moved their collections to the City of Angels over the last few seasons. Hedi Slimane showed Saint Laurent there, Jeremy Scott presented his Moschino Resort ’18 and menswear collections there… even Tommy Hilfiger showed his TOMMYNOW collection at the Santa Monica Pier. And who could forget Maria Grazia Chiuri’s third Dior collection in Calabasas?It looks like the fashion world might be moving West. And hey, if it’s always summer in LA, does that mean we’ll get SS looks year ’round?Not only is Travis Scott a genius Harvard student, he’s apparently a good guy, too. The rapper just delivered on his promise to design t-shirts for Houston’s Eisenhower High School.Back in September, a student from the school tweeted at Scott, who’s also from Houston, asking if he could use some of the artwork from Astroworld in his design for the senior class’ Class of ’19 shirt. Scott responded by saying, “I’ll just design them for u guys and send a box thru how about that?”Sounds cool. And he actually did just that.Earlier today, the rapper shared photos of the now-completed designs (yes, he created two different ones) on his Instagram Stories. The first tee is a mustard yellow design that pairs the Astroworld ‘Wish U Were Here’ slogan with a rainbow smiley face and a Class of 2019 logo with the words ‘Enjoy the Ride’ and ‘Sincerely, Travis Scott,’ emblazoned on the back; the other design, a black long-sleeved t-shirt, includes the Astroworld album cover along with the words ‘Greetings from the Class of 2019, Wish U Were Here.’Both the looks are pretty cool — maybe Scott will study fashion design at Harvard. And maybe someone from Eisenhower’s Class of ’19 will be one of his peers. The final notch in our series, which asked contributors and collaborators to think about the gift of intimacy with and within Australia, is carved by cool and calm Sydney couple Brooke Greentree and Rachel Langham.Cast by new Oyster fave, photographer Daniel Goode, who spotted the pair showing a super dreamy adoration for each other via instagram — Brooke and Rach dedicated their only shared day off a week to being wonderful together by the water and letting us poke around in their relationship… Afterwards, they let us jump into their DMs and we spoke about the positive giving and taking inside their love, their instant attraction, old habits and new similitudes. We discussed different types of intimacy and their relationship with Australia and family, and we talked about what’s on the inside and underneath — which, in most cases, is Bonds. Brooke wears Matin top, Raey jeans from Matches Fashion; Rachel wears Bonds Lurex Bandeau bra top in Flamingo Shine ($19.95) and Lurex Hi Top underpants in Flamingo Shine ($19.95), Lee Mathews Clements Pleat Skirt ($459) So what type of people are you? What do you like to do when you’re together, alone, at work etc. What kind of stuff makes you happy?
Brooke: We’re both pretty laid back. I’m 30 and Rach is 23. We both work full time, and I enjoy my quiet time at home. We have five budgies and I have an 8-year-old Russian Blue cat, Jacob. They keep us company at our house in Glebe, Sydney. I have a fairly decent collection of plants which keep me busy at home and I am pretty into photography in my free time. We enjoy heading out for a drink or two at some of our favourite little bars around the city, it’s something we’re yet to outgrow from when we first met two years ago. What makes me happiest is spending time with my family — I have three sisters and it’s always the best feeling in the world when we are all together!
Rach: Cooking and baking — I love trying to take a yum dessert and making it healthy (doesn’t always work out). Being at home with our budgie and cat children, and drinking lots of coffee. Sorry if my answers are short haha I’m writing in between work All good take your time!
Rach: I love trying to create a balance in our life, be healthy whilst still enjoying a cocktail a couple of nights a week. Brooke wears Bonds Originals Racer Crop bra in Mango Salsa ($24.95), Albus Lumen pants and hat; Rach wears Christopher Esber top When did you first meet? What was the thing you did or spoke about when you kind of realised you got along — your common ground?
Brooke: When we met we actually lived in different states. We were ‘Facebook friends’ for quite a while. I went down to Melbourne to see a friend and I made contact with Rach. For eight months we flew back and forth to see each other. She moved up to Sydney last year and it’s been wonderful ever since!
Rach: Brooke actually introduced me to her family the second time we met up, I flew up the Sydney two weeks after we first met haha. I can’t really remember what we even spoke about, I think we were both pretty straight up with how we felt and that confidence in our feelings really blossomed our relationship. It’s like we created a ‘something in common’ with each other.from left: Brooke wears Bonds Originals Racer Crop bra in Mango Salsa ($24.95), Albus Lumen pants and hat, Bally shoes; Rach wears Bonds Lurex Hi Top underpants in Flamingo Shine ($19.95), Christopher Esber top, Bally shoes And how do you differ from each other? What is it that the other person brings to the table that you think you couldn’t bring yourself? Or what’s the best thing you’ve learned from the other?
Rach: Brooke and I are so different. I love Japanese food, she loves fried chicken burgers. She’s into photography and I’m into coffee. She loves Missy Higgins and I love Amy Winehouse. We complement each other…
Brooke: No, I love AMY SHARK!
Rach: …I’ve learnt so much from her and she has from me.
Brooke: Not Missy haha. Rach is so jealous that I love Amy.
Rach: Hahah so true… I’ve learnt how to be an adult and I think Brooke has learnt how to still be a kid. We’re looking at buying a house in the next couple of years, which is something that I’d never thought I’d do until Brooke spoke about it. We both lived a wild life while we were very young and I think we just got to a point where we want to evolve our lives. We’re just two average girls that love each other, who have worked full time jobs since we were 16 and just want to create the best life possible for ourselves. I think we both get it from our parents — my mum is 52 and my dad is 60 and Brooke’s mum is 58 and her step dad is 40. The age difference brings a whole different edge to the relationship, we have to learn and re-learn and understand from a completely different perspective.I love this! I want to be friends with you both! What’s your favourite thing to share together?
Brooke: Haha thanks for listening — would be great if we were all together! At the moment we don’t get much time together, Friday is our only day we both don’t work. We’re trying to figure out how to build a play thing for our budgies at the moment. We really appreciate our 24 hours of alone time together. For me, personally, I love reflecting on each other’s crazy and different work environments week to week. There’s always so much complaining about our work, bosses and everyone around us. We’ve found it so hard to find real solid friends. It’s kind of just us at the moment — friends have come and gone. We don’t mind admitting we have no ‘friends’ but we have each other and we know that’s ok! And at the end of the day, we love delivered food, usually something nasty. And we watch Man vs Food to make us feel better after the big pasta we just ate. I feel like any boring couple admitting that! Brooke wears Bonds Shine Bandeau bra top in Axul Shine ($16.95) and Bonds Lurex Hi Top Underpants in Axul Shine ($19.95); Rach wears Bonds Shine Bandeau bra top in Flamingo Shine ($16.95) and Shine Hi Top underpants in Flamingo Shine ($19.95), Reliquia Letter R Necklace ($169) Lol don’t worry – my partner and I are just sitting on the couch eating pasta and watching Fake Or Fortune. Huge mood. So what do you both do for work?
Rach: I manage two cafes in Glebe.
Brooke: I’m in retail management in the city.Cool and how do you know Daniel? What’s your relationship like and how was it shooting?
Brooke: We didn’t know him, he actually reach out to me on Instagram asking if we’d be interested. He was so lovely and super easy to work with. We had such a fun day!Oh cool! So the shoot is part of a series and we’ve been looking at relationships (friends, lovers, muses etc) and the different types of intimacy that exists within them. If it’s not too personal, how would you describe the intimacy you favour in friends/lovers? Emotional, intellectual, physical, spiritual etc?
Rach: Being gentle and kind but still having a fire.
Brooke: For me, definitely honesty and trust. I think for lovers it’s something that can definitely divide two people. Same goes for friendships I guess! Rach and I have never had a problem with our emotional connection. Earlier on in our relationship we definitely realised some small differences like what matters/doesn’t matter to us individually. We are seven years apart — I don’t like to use age as a factor, but it may have been the reason back then. I think most of our teething problems are behind us now! Brooke wears Lee Mathews top; Rach wears Bonds Originals Hi Top underpants in Mango Salsa ($16.95), Lacoste top, Reliquia Letter R Necklace ($169) Bonds Crop Tee in Washed Neo Sundance ($29.95); Bonds Lurex Hi Top Underpants in Axul Shine ($19.95) Do you have a song that reminds you of the other? Is that cheesy? Or any one thing — a meal, an item on the shelf?
Brooke: If it were a meal, it would have to be Chinese noodle restaurant in Chinatown!
Rach: Lavender When you think about your lives now, is it what you expected when you were a kid thinking about the future? How has it varied?
Brooke: I think I am pretty satisfied with life so far. You’re so naive as a kid and don’t think about important things or big decisions… and definitely not money!Have you had to sacrifice anything in life or love to be where you want to be?
Brooke: Not too often so far in life. Just the standard, bratty, coming-out teenager I was briefly. I had a big push back to my parents for a small moment in time! Aside from that, I have certainly let down a few past relationships because I never saw it working out (for me) long term. But we all need to do that once in our life right?Or twice or three times. So what has growing up in Australia taught you? Or how do you think it has shaped you?
Brooke: I think we live in an amazing, beautiful and free country. I had such a great childhood, it’s changed so much from 20 years ago, but I hope my kids can have a similar lifestyle to what I had. It has definitely taught me that we are truly fortunate here. There’s so much darkness out there in the world, I think a lot of us forget that! We really have no reason to complain.
Rach: Sorry for the late replies, I’m dealing with my Christmas party hangover haha. I definitely think Australia has taught me to be grateful — we have so much at our doorstep and every place is different. It keeps us curious and, like Brooke said, I hope our kids get to grow up in Australia like we did. Brooke wears Bonds Originals Boyleg underpants in Pom Pom Pink ($16.95) and Matin shirt; Rach wears Bonds Originals Racer Crop bra top in Mango Salsa ($24.95) and Originals Hi Top underpants in Mango Salsa ($16.95) You’re repping a solid Australian brand in this shoot — what was your face piece from the collection?
Rach: I LOVED the orange crop set [here and here]. I felt strong and sexy in it as it fit all my curves perfectly. I loved it on Brooke too, the colour looked perfect on her skin.
Brooke: I loved the yellow/orange set too! It’s such a perfect colour for everyone, I usually go for black/white/grey so it’s not something I’d shop for but I think I’ll be getting some for myself. I loved the brighter neon colours on Rach, she has darker skin than me so the colours pop even more!What does Bonds make you think of?
Rach: I’ve always had Bonds undies in my draw, I think my first bra was Bonds! Now I actually wear all the Bonds sports wear and just bought a new bra from there last week.
Brooke: Bonds takes me way back to high school, I wore my pants super low (still do) so when I discovered the hipsters I got as many pairs I could afford! They’re still my go-to’s, I’m yet to find any other style that fit me perfectly! Bonds Lurex Bandeau bra top in Flamingo Shine ($19.95) and Lurex Hi Top underpants in Flamingo Shine ($19.95); Brooke and Rachel both wear Matin tops, Bonds Originals underpants and Lee Mathews hatsEarlier this month, Tyler released the lookbook for Golf Wang’s AW18 collection, featuring A$AP Rocky in a ton of floral puffa jackets and pastel slacks. Now, he’s dropped an all new campaign film, along with the first run of AW18 pieces online.The initial drop features hoodies, sweaters, jeans and t-shirts, as well as a few coats, socks and beanies, not to mention a few other must-haves like scarves and a fuzzy bee car caddy. The collection also features a decorative throw pillow and some Golf Wang caution tape, because, well, you know… he’s Tyler.As for the vibe of the collection, the whole thing feels very Bad Grandpa —  newsboy hats, sweater vests, cardigans and cargo slacks with a few hoodies and graphic tees. I don’t know about you, but I’ve definitely got the Chintz face mask on my holiday wish list.Watch the collection video, below. First introduced as part of the Spring 18 collection, Saint Laurent’s Anthony Vaccarello-designed Vicky bag is one to live for. It pushes new territories with bold geometry, a slick 80s appeal, and luxe fabrications of mirrored patent and soft lambskin — with that superb vertical quilting! In all the freshness, artisanal traditions aren’t forgotten. They’re held onto via a well-detailed assembly process that takes even the most experienced craftsperson over five hours to complete, which includes the insertion of a cork base that keeps its shape for life.Not forgetting comfort and function; the glittering chain is interrupted by a leather piece for the shoulder, the main flap adorned with a YSL plaque keeps what’s inside safe, and there’s a slim pocket in the back for things you need to get to fast. Plus, doesn’t Kaia Gerber just look so good carrying it…Holy retailer Slam Jam released their Vans collab over the weekend and it’s super punky. Tapping graphic genius Fergus ‘Fergadelic’ Purcell, whose work you might best know from Palace, Aries, Ashley Williams and Marc Jacobs, the new shoe features midsole scrawls reminiscent of high school.Up top, the checkerboard pattern is revived via Slam Jam’s classic red, black and off-white colour palette — which really set off Ferg’s illustrated logotypes. And the cherry on top is the contrasted red laces.The collab is out now via Slam Jam, and the price is a tidy AUD$109.A label that has always been rock steady, realistic, and understanding of women who want to dress well, it was with no doubt that they appointed new creative director, Daniel Lee, and expected him to keep the ship on course. With the unveiling of his debut, Pre Fall 19, it is clear that the brand’s language has been expertly translated and mapped with a refined essentialism.“The fundamental principles of Bottega Veneta – the identity, the legacy – inform a fresh approach,” the press release reads. “Respect for craftsmanship; the nobility of natural material; an Italian heritage.”“The warmth and generosity of Italy, the convivial and community spirit, the sense of family, all are embodied in and imbued through these clothes. Woven together, these ideas delineate a distinct but discreet breed of contemporary luxury. It is a streamlined beauty, simultaneously modern and of the past – timeless.” They’re right.Looking at the sexy (but not too sexy), staunch (but not too staunch), rich (but not frivolous) looks from Daniel’s debut, it’s very easy to deem it an instant fave. And with the intimacy and ease of the images, which capture pleasant textures, bags at large, and sophisticated show of skin, it’s almost easy to let this fill a Phoebe Philo-shaped hole in your heart.Over the weekend, news broke about Gosha Rubchinskiy behaving inappropriately with a minor, when screenshots of a sexually explicit conversation between the designer and a 16-year-old fan appeared all over the internet. Since then, Gosha has made his own official statement, denying the allegations, saying the images had been doctored and taken out of context, as the designer was just looking for models on social media, like he does “all the time.”“Gosha did a face time with him and then he asked for a photo to have on file with all the others,” the statement read. “The person said he wasn’t alone and couldn’t take photo so Gosha suggested he just quickly goes to the bathroom and take a quick photo on the mirror, so he could show the rest of the team and have it on file.”That explanation was apparently not good enough for Gosha’s frequent collaborator, adidas, who said they are now looking into the claim seriously. According to a statement the brand gave Sole Collector, adidas will be taking “any allegation of this nature extremely seriously” and is “currently looking into the claim that has been made.”Adidas has been a longtime supporter of the Russian designer, most recently teaming up with him on his Fall 18 collection. The brand didn’t explicitly say what they would do if their “investigation” turned up information that the claims were in fact true, so we’ll just have to wait and see.Millie Bobby Brown, who is usually a staunch child with a nose bleed, stars in Calvin Klein’s new holiday campaign. In it, she re-enacts some of your fave holiday moments. Note: there is no arguing with small-minded relos about politics or pretending to like nan’s clotted gravy. Phewf.Instead, Millie is decked in all of the Calvin Klein pieces we’ve got on our wish list — taking selfies in her holiday best, hanging with a doggo and counting down the last seconds of 2018 in individual short clips. It’s very cute. Perhaps the cutest ever from Calvin Klein. Watch the first clip below:Post Malone is one of the world’s biggest rappers right now. So, it’s no surprise that he has endorsement deals and collaboration opportunities coming in 24/7. Just recently, the rapper teamed up with 2000s denim label True Religion (didn’t realise they were still a thing, but whatever) on gear for his first POSTYFest. And now, he’s released his own limited edition Crocs, complete with six of their very own Jibbitz charms and barbed wire decal.For those of you that might not be familiar with Crocs, Jibbitz are the little charm-like things you can buy to put inside the holes in your Crocs. The Post Malone ones include a ‘Stay Away’ Jibbitz, a yellow ‘POSTY CO’ logo and a little demon dude. Unfortunately, the Crocs themselves are sold out, but lucky for all of us, you can still get some Posty Jibbitz.But have no fear: all you Crocs and Post Malone fans can look forward to more Posty Crocs, coming soon.The new barbed wire Classic Clog is actually the second shoe from their ongoing collaboration — the first “Collaborative Croc,” as it was called, sold out immediately too. So… stay posted… I guess. Street style king and poster boy of fuckboi fashion Jonah Hill has embraced his fashion icon status and announced his “next endeavor is in clothing.” Supreme fans rejoice!The actor, whose increasingly fashunable lewks have been chronicled by Instagrams like @jonahfits, dedicated to his emerging icon status, has revealed — vaguely — that he’s working on something fashion-related. Earlier this year, he partnered up with London’s legendary Palace Skateboards, starring in a bunch of their videos and Instagram teasers, and officially cementing his role as Lord of the Fly Lewks. But now he’s taking it another step further.After being named GQ’s ‘Man of the Year,’ in part due to his new film (and directorial debut) Mid-90s, Jonah spoke to the mag at a recent GQ Live event in LA.“All I will say is my next endeavor is in clothing,” he told moderator Zach Baron. “It’s nice to have a similar outfit on press tours so you always know what you’re wearing and don’t have to plan out, like, thousands of outfits,” he added in regards to his ‘fits while on tour promoting the film.C’mon, Jones. You’re not fooling anyone. We know you spend your days deciding which tie-dye Grateful Tee you’re going to rock with which beanie and puffa jacket. Those high quality lewks don’t just come together on a whim.Martine Rose, your fave our fave everyone’s fave, recently produced a typically excellent collaboration with Nike. A super powerful reinterpretation of the Nike Air Monarch (a size 18 upper fitted to size 9 tooling), plus a capsule collection of tracksuits and football jerseys made up the collab, and they were all launched by real people on Craigslist.In keeping with her DTE community approach, Martine selected local champions to dish the details on her proportion-play pieces. There was Steve (who helped her pull of her fashion week show in a cul-de-sac, mad sneaker head Tesfa, and ultimate cutie Suraya who races ferrets.But, if like me you weren’t able to meet up with one of these legends IRL to cop, then you’ll be glad to know the collection has just got an official Australian release date — at Sneakerboy on Jan 12, 2019.Andrey Artyomov launched his label, Walk of Shame, from Moscow in 2011. Like any good designer, he references pop culture in his work — films, television, music, dance floors. But his point of difference might just be that his television and dance floors were sat in Ufa, Russia, where he grew up and became quite fond of the sort of kitschness of Soviet television wardrobes. All that glittered and clashed, all that was considered bad taste, has become Andrey’s foundation of inspiration.But aside from sequins and textures that may rub people the wrong way, Andrey focuses on clothing that works. Among gowns that sparkle and soft fabrics that ruche, are crisp trousers, well-executed cut outs, and outwear that is imaginative without being trend-based and throwaway. In his design foundations are also uniforms. And it’s this mix of costumes, regalia and working wear that manages to really individualise Walk of Shame — not only from those labels which, too, constantly have ‘post-Soviet’ pinned to them, but from a whole school of internet-era RTW labels.Hey Andrey! I’ve read that Walk Of Shame is inspired by many things — rave, grunge hedonism, film, symbols of Western world luxury, post-Soviet Russia — but what’s specifically inspiring you right now?
I still get inspired by lots of things that are listed in the question as well. I guess, Soviet modernism and modernism in general, modernism in architecture are the most inspiring things for me. I love modernism because it includes really many things, it is very romantic, it will never be repeated – it’s rather expensive to repeat. It’s also called “The monument of unfulfilled hopes” very romantic. For now I am inspired by a huge number of artists: modern and contemporary. And of course by some of my artist friends. For example, Anya Titova, Vika Kosheleva – her watercolor shades are my favourite.Tell me about the name Walk Of Shame, or can I ask when and why you last had a walk of shame? 
Well I do the ‘Walk of Shame’ now a little less often than, for example, six years ago, but still with enviable regularity. The last one was probably my birthday, when I hardly left it, only with the help. My friends DJ’d, drank, sang and could not stop – and I was home at 7 am.Before launching the label, you spent a lot of time looking at the fashion industry from a different perspective — working as an editor for L’Official, and launching Russia’s Tatler and even a Dazed and Confused, right? Do you think this armed you with a confidence to launch a label?
Yes, I think working in magazines has armed and helped and taught me a lot. Although I still have no confidence even now, even when the brand is represented in a large amount of stores and I have real interviews like this one. I have more confidence in making clothes, but all the same doubts otherwise – they are endless. But working in magazines certainly gave me a wide look at the industry. It probably became more difficult to deceive me, precisely because of my experience working in magazines. And of course, when I know a lot from this industry, when I draw a collection, I perfectly understand which items will be popular for fashion stories, which are more client-related, and which are for buyers.Post-Soviet has been hot for a while lately in fashion — specifically streetwear — but your work is totally different. I mean, you have dresses doused in sequins. So you’re obviously not just referencing Russian kids in Reeboks and Adidas, so which parts of the Post-Soviet aesthetic are you pulling from? 
As for inspiration, street style and children in Reebok, I think the sequins for me are also very Russian, also Soviet, they are exactly those references about those fairytales of luxurious life that I dreamt of living in the Soviet Union. All the things that I watched on the Bashkir TV when I grew up – everything was sparkling. For me, this kitch has always been very interesting – a look at textures, although it was always considered as a bad taste. But I did not think so. It seemed to me that this is such an interesting expression for people, that it is such a national ‘colour’, which I have always been interested in. It is the love of people for sparkly things and beauty where I was born and raised. I remember this mix when I went to disco, after all people dressed very brightly and defiantly. Of course, I always have this in my head, because these are my school years. Sequins are such a cliché representation of a beautiful fairytale life. I still have sequins, I mix them with some kind of grunge, with things from the 90s, plus it seems to me that in them there is such a Soviet graphic.Do you think that these references are difficult for an international market to understand?
It seems to me that if an item is executed clearly and this reference is very beautifully implemented, interpreted, then it is easy to understand — even only from the visual part, without going too deeply. Perhaps for someone my references will give an impulse to study something, to learn new things about Russia, about the years in which I was growing up and about the others who now make art and fashion in this country. It seems that references are not difficult to understand, they are completely different visually, so it is easy.Why do you think the world has become so captivated by the stories being told by young Russian creatives, especially designers? 
It has always been like this and Russia had fascinating stories – starting with Diahgilev’s to Gosha. For many people, Russia remains a distant, strange, mystic and exotic country. Creative people from Russia are very interesting for foreigners because they are on the one hand mystical, on the other hand exotic, and this of course attracts attention. Plus, we have very rich culture. Over a hundred years, there have been a few changes in regimes, power, culture. The history changed very quickly, steadily and not steadily. I think it could be pretty punk to show such interest in Russia — since all of the old people in the West are scared of it… I don’t know. It’s important for me to work and be surrounded by a young and creative generation here in Russia. These kids DJ and walk down the catwalk at my shows, they are in my look books, or they simply wear my clothes – singers, ballet dancers. It’s important for me to be able to help them implement some of their ideas and give them a chance to earn some money, too. Despite whole political situation and circumstances, it’s fun and a pleasure to live in Moscow, and to create here. Being not Moscovite by birth, I understand better than anyone that Moscow is a thing itself – it’s not representing Russia, as much as New York doesn’t represent America. More than that, in Moscow me and my friends, we live in our own self-created circle. And living here gives lots of creative freedom and creative impulses.Your collections always have such interesting textures — vinyl, patchworked fur, sequins, gathered seems — does a collection begin with fabric swatches? Or, where do you start? 
The textures have really inspired me greatly since the days of the institute, and in general I really like textures. Yes, for me it all starts with the fabrics, because when I touch them, I feel them on a tactile level. It is often clear how this or that fabric will behave, they dictate the shape. Fabrics are cool substances and each behaves absolutely differently. It is very interesting to work with different textures, fabrics, which one never really put together before and that are generally incompatible. I am inspired by the looks – from women’s custom workers uniform to discos. I am very inspired by music and video clips, and this is the music that I remember from my childhood, or the music that my older friends listened to, starting with Niagara band and ending with the music that the first Russian MTV had, those Russian videos. I remember very clearly all the outfits from there. I recently re-watched the movie Fight Club, which made a huge impression on me when I was 18. I took all the male outfits of Brad Pitt’s character and transformed them into female looks. And now, for example, in the next FW collection there will be direct quotes from his outfits from this movie. But this movie was a shock for me, just as a concept, as a look at life.I know you do both, but do you prefer designing menswear or womenswear? 
I prefer women’s clothes. Men’s clothes are not clear to me yet, everything is new for me there. It’s new to me and I am taking small steps because I want to understand my place.Is there any news we should know about? Upcoming stuff? 
I hope that I will start to make bags and shoes – this is my dream. This is very interesting in terms of technology and workflow. Completely different than the creation of clothing.Finally, since I read the word “rave” in lots of articles about you… what’s the perfect song to play just as the sun is coming up on Monday morning and the dancefloor is coming to a close? 
Rave is probably a cliché, and a word that journalists glued to me more than I talked about it. Because my version of rave is not the rave that is popular today – wild and very fashionable. For me, these are nights at the nightclub on the river with pills in Ufa. The second turn of the nightlife for me was Solyanka club in Moscow, dawns with mushrooms, the terrace at our friend’s Payam at one of Stalin’s skyscrapers. The sun rises, and we are wrapped in a blanket, still under mushrooms and Payam puts on some Iranian music. This would be my track. But it’s also Dima Yaponets’ (aka Taras 3000) DJ set in Solyanka, when the security already draw up the curtains, the party is over and we move to the exit… and then Dima puts on your favourite track and you are back to the dancefloor for another hour.Part of an ongoing series created by Oyster faves Olivia Capozzalo (St Petersburg) and Smith Freeman (Brooklyn) of She’s In Russia, Fortochka aims to bring new Russian designers to NYC and beyond because “Russian fashion isn’t just Gosha Rubchinskiy.” And in light of recent news, thank god for that.Over the weekend, Olivia and Smith wrangled over 20 designers from all over Russia, extending their reach beyond St Petersburg and Moscow, and put their best pieces inside a pop up. Below, we meet three of our faves to learn a little more about what they do and what it means to them.GOLDMANSTell us about your brand. How would you describe the label — who is it for and what urged you to start it?
Our brand is a duet of two sisters from Siberia, formed in 2010. We want to share our ideas with the surrounding world. Ulia created paintings and Zhenya came up with the idea of transferring these images onto clothes. Not everyone can afford a painting, but clothing is more accessible. Oriented towards people and animals, any age, for people simple and complex, for everyone who understands.What does the name mean, or where did it come from?
Goldmans. We didn’t think long about the name, our last name is Goldman, we added an ‘s’ since there’s two of us.Which parts of your Russian heritage influence your brand’s aesthetic? 
We often use Russian speech, and we’re also inspired by Russia’s rich natural landscapes, traditional food and music. In our look book we try to not only familiarise people with our products, but also to give them a sense of the spirit and aesthetic of contemporary Russian lifeWhat were you doing before you started your brand? 
Ulia graduated from the British Higher School of Art and Design and tried to find work in her field. Zhenya travelled a lot around mountains on a snowboard.If you could have anyone in the world wear what you make, who would it be? 
We would want Yeltsin, the former president of Russia, to wear our t-shirt.What are you working toward next, after the pop up?
We have a new collaboration with a very cool local punk group. We made them merch and a short video, and there will be an installation during their concert. Generally, collaborating with different creative collectives and configurations is probably our main plan for the future.***ALOETell us about your brand. How would you describe the label — who is it for and what urged you to start it?
Aloe isn’t really a brand, it’s more about the people who make clothing because they like it. But they also make disco parties and photoshoots. It’s about “who”, not “what”. But clothing can be art, too. Clothes are a really important way to express yourself. Who are you? What are you thinking? Do you like retro? Good. Do you like something more interesting than a t-shirt and sneakers? Well hello there! We like to explore woman’s body. To explore Russian language. We love colourful people. We love freedom. Clothes can combine all of it. And clothes are what everyone in the world is using. What do we tell the world, when we put on something unique? What do we tell the world when we put on horrible single-use jeans from h-and-m-alikes, made of crap material by slaves? We are trying to resist all that. Buy the least, but the best. Real luxury and beauty, your favourite piece that last several years. Who are we doing it for? I think, for our kind, stubborn outsiders, who are willing to follow the beauty while lying on their back watching dust dance in rays of sunset. For the brave, the fierce, the sexual, the delicate, who love animals, and the beauty of our world.What does the name mean, or where did it come from?
The word “Aloe” [Ah-lo-EH] sounds really beautiful in Russian. It’s an amazing plant. It feeds on itself. It can survive in conditions in which almost every other plant dies. Aloe is gorgeous, bitter, but very very useful for thousands of things.Which parts of your Russian heritage influence your brand’s aesthetic?
I was born in the USSR and it’s really hard to imagine and understand. It was a totally different country back then. The 90’s, crazy but fun years. The story of all our clothing and our disco parties and our photoshoots is intertwined with the history of our country. We have been through some crazy and unbelievable times and we always analyse, remember, recreate those times in our heads. USSR, crazy 90s, rich 00s, one president for 18 years. So it’s about that part of Russian history that still influences us.What were you doing before you started your brand?
I was always just getting ready for that. Waking up.If you could have anyone in the world wear what you make, who would it be?
Taika Waititi, Yo-Landi and Ninja of Die Antwoord, Vivienne Westwood, Noel Fielding, M.I.A. And maybe Madonna. All the street cleaners in the world. And animal rights fighters.What are you working toward next, after the pop up?
I’m going to make my first upcycle collection, open a store in Berlin, a store for princesses in St Petersburg, Russia, and also start a pop band.***MURMURIZMTell us about your brand. How would you describe the label — who is it for and what urged you to start it?
I think that for me the word ‘label’ means love, art and emotions. Since childhood I always enjoyed creating something new. For me the creation of new clothes is the best way to express myself!What does the name mean, or where did it come from?
The name of label ‘Murmurizm’ came from my own name ‘Timur’. Nothing special.Which parts of your Russian heritage influence your brand’s aesthetic? 
The aesthetics of the Russian parties of 2000s made influence on my label.What were you doing before you started your brand? 
Before I started my own label, I was a doctor.If you could have anyone in the world wear what you make, who would it be? 
It would be a cool girl, that loves traveling, dancing, and being bright.What are you working toward next, after the pop up?
We’re preparing a fascinating surprise for New Year and now we are working on new collection for Spring 19/20God knows we love a good collab. So, when we heard MadeMe was teaming up with Converse yet again, we were excited.Last Spring, the brands teamed up on a MadeMe X Converse collection starring Lourdes Leon and featuring a group of platform One Stars that made us officially melt. We went to the launch party in New York, where MadeMe created a Lower East Side pop-up shop featuring Boris Zuborev, the St. Marks shoe repair god that basically invented platform shoes. At the event, customers could deck out to their own Converse x MadeMe sneakers, thanks to him.This season, however, MadeMe’s Erin Magee was inspired by Western wear, Americana and the rodeo, delivering a pretty much perfect campaign starring Oyster favorite Paloma Elsesser as the cowgirl of our wildest dreams.Dropping December 8, the collection features two One Star platforms in ‘Pink Icing’ and ‘Taupe,’ with a premium suede upper, western arrow detailing and a sheriff badge embroidery around the star.As for the apparel, the drop includes two tracksuits in ‘Fiery Red’ and ‘Suede Taupe,’ and two different babydoll tees, all featuring the same sheriff badge embroidery.As if all that weren’t enough, Magee also created a patent leather purse with western arrow detailing in two colors.The whole thing makes me want to quit my job, join the rodeo and ride a bull for a living. And hey, if I do, at least I’ll have the right wardrobe. Too bad I don’t look as cute in a cowboy hat as Elsesser.Chanel presented their Métier d’Arts show at The Met in New York City last night, where Pharrell made a special guest appearance. Alongside the museum’s famous Egyptian Temple of Dendur, the rapper walked the runway in a metallic gold knit and pants. It was magical.The theme of the show was decadence and gold. So, what better way to honor it than by channeling Ancient Egypt, making Pharrell look like the most shimmering, goldest Pharaoh?The rapper, who announced he is currently working on another collaboration with the brand, has been a favourite of Lagerfeld the last few years. But we usually see him sitting front row — not on the runway. Though, of course, we’re not complaining. He looked like an actual golden gold in his bright gold boots, walking through The Met.Luka Sabbat is everywhere rn, including the new Margiela campaign. Earlier today, the the fashion house dropped an all new photo series created by (and starring) Sabbat and his best friend Noah Dillon, who, together, go by the name Hot Mess.“They are one of our favourite houses,” Sabbat said about their decision to work with Margiela. “Having melted the line between art and fashion for decades.”In the series, Sabbat and Dillon get dental work done, as well as a few botox injections — because, you know, who doesn’t include botox in their check ups?“Noah has a history of poor health, continually in and out of doctors’ offices,” Sabbat explained. “[…] Margiela’s lab coat aesthetic mixed with our knowledge of streetwear identity bred what we feel is a seamless effort.”It’s also true to the Hot Mess vibe. After seeing Dillon’s work on Instagram and Twitter, Luka naturally slid into his DMs. Since then, the duo has been collaborating non-stop on projects — like a recent series of billboards they placed around the United States of fake ads for brands like Chevy and Balenciaga, as well as this new Margiela campaign. Like most of their work, this new imagery feels like a document of the time they spend hanging out (or in this case, at doctor’s appointments), instead of an overdone fashion editorial.Best. News. Ever. Courtney Love is selling clothes from her literal, actual, IRL closet on luxury resale site Heroine. And god (or at least, the internet knows) we love her style (#NeverForget).Earlier today, the singer (and ultimate style icon) announced she’d be listing a curated group of her literal, actual, IRL clothes on the site, with all proceeds going to benefit Stand For Courage, a charity founded by Love’s sister that aims to change the conversation around bullying.“I love fashion and I love sharing with others, so, while I certainly hold some pieces more dearly than others, I will not grasp tightly to material possessions,” she said about her decision. “When it’s time to pass something along, I will do that with pleasure, as I believe that clothing should be worn or displayed in a way that allows its beauty to be seen.”Hopefully, on me.The collection, which will be available starting this Thursday (and will probably sell out in a matter of seconds) will include the pin-striped jacket Love wore in the 2013 Saint Laurent campaign, a Rick Owens jumpsuit, a classic Courtney Love slip by John Galliano, a Vivienne Westwood dress and some Marc Jacobs, natch. Maybe Court will even be selling some original MJ Grunge pieces, so you don’t have to buy from the Redux collection — oh wait, she and Kurt notoriously burned the freebies Marc sent her in 1993. What a shame.Either way, we know the pieces will be killer — I mean, after all, they ARE from Courtney Love’s literal, actual, IRL closet. So, if you didn’t know what to get me for Hanukkah, here’s your answer.I want to be the girl with the most cake — and Courtney Love clothes.If 2018 can be commended for something, it’s the rise of cruelty-free fashions. Labels like Coach, Versace, Gucci, Tom Ford, Jean Paul-Gaultier, John Galliano, the whole of London Fashion Week, have promised to go fur free. And, just now, Chanel has taken it up a notch by discontinuing the use of exotic animal skins in their future products.On the banned list are crocodile, lizard, snake and stingray as well as furs — which Chanel’s president Bruno Pavlovsky says the house already uses very little of.According to WWD, Pavlovsky pinned this decision on the fact that it is becoming increasingly difficult to source skins that meet the house’s quality and ethical standards, so instead it will focus its research and development on textiles and leathers generated by “agri-food” industries.“We did it because it’s in the air, but it’s not an air people imposed to us. It’s a free choice,” Pavlovsky said. A good choice.Anthony Vaccarello, currently feeling his selfie, has just launched the second instalment of Saint Laurent’s Self series. Curated to allow his favourite creative humans to explore what ‘self’ is and what it is capable of, Self 02 features the work of Italian conceptual artist Vanessa Beecroft.Beecroft’s work confronts viewers with female bodies, stacked, to push thoughts and conversations on gender, race and most certainly identity. For this presentation, her female army stand dressed in Saint Laurent’s SS19 collection, backed by a Parisian skyline — taken just after the house’s show.“Self is formed by a heady mixture of attraction, ambivalence, and mystery,” the press release states. Tick, tick and tick.On show at Miami Art Basel, December 1-15.Good mates and Oyster faves Valentina Sykes and Byron Spencer have a cute bond. The model and photographer, both Australian-born, met on a shoot years ago. Since then, they’ve continued to bump into one another as they each ping around the world semi-autonomously — landing wherever their work and predilection might take them.Work for Byron means hanging out in LA with Troye Sivan to a Mariah Carey soundtrack and shooting him for Oyster 114, doing fantastic collaborations with Paco Rabanne, and keeping it real with his sister’s label Réalisation Par. And for Valentina, looking incred on pages of your favourite magazines, facing for great labels and walking shows fills her CV — soon to be make-up artist, we hope!The two total chillers have managed to find bliss in the LA sprawl, where they’re positioned now — sort of, at least until Byron heads to the jungle in December and Valentina boards a plane back to Australia for the holidays as we type this…We hit them up to document their home away from home, the best way they know how — with Byron following Valentina around under golden light, on a hiking trail they often hit together, snapping pics of her cosmic beauty. And then they let us pry a bit on their relationship — secrets, first impressions, mutual affection, feeling at home and bonding over Bonds. Valentina wears Bonds Bodies Hi Neck Rib Tank in Gumball Pink ($22.95), her own pantsValentina wears Bonds Lurex Hi Top pant in Flamingo Shine ($19.95), her own dress Name: 
Byron Spencer
Valentina Ruby SykesNickname: 
BS: Bear
VS: VeeStarsign: 
BS: Leo
VS: CapricornWhat do you do with your life, for work and for pleasure? 
BS: Where to begin…
VS: For work, I model. For fun, I like to do makeup and play with glitter  Valentina wears Bonds Shine Bandeau top in Axul Shine ($11.87) and Shine Hi Top pant in Axul Shine ($13.97); Byron wears Bonds Bordies in Soda Lemon ($29) Where were you born and where do you live now? 
BS: Sydney and the world.
VS: Born in Melbourne and living in Los Angeles.How would you describe ‘home’? 
BS: Where I fall asleep from complete relaxation.
VS: Home is Australia or wherever my mummy is. Although LA definitely feels like home now too.We asked you to document your friendship — so where did you shoot and what was the vibe?
BS: We are in LA at the moment. We have a lot of fun with each other — we laughed our way through some photos.
VS: We took them near Mulholland on the hike we like to do. We just giggled and had a bit too much fun.When did you first meet each other? 
BS: Years ago on a shoot.
VS: So long ago now! I think I was like 15 or something — we’ve been pals ever since!What was your first impression of one another? 
BS: Who’s this weird, cool, random, moony girl?
VS: Hilarious, entertaining, warm and an angel  from left: Valentina wears Bonds Originals Zip Hoodie in Neo Sundance ($59.95, coming soon, similar here) and Bonds Lurex Bandeau top in Flamingo Shine ($19.95) Do you remember what made you want to stay mates with each other? 
BS: She is dry and supported what me and my mates did from the get go. She’s just great.
VS: He makes me laugh A LOT. And he is always there for me.Is there anything you’d want to know about the other but are too afraid to ask? 
BS: How old are you really?
VS: We’re quite comfortable, maybe too comfortable… I could ask him anything.Is there anything the other doesn’t know about you but you wish they did? 
BS: This is a very public forum to announce the role I just landed on Broadway…
VS: I’m his long lost second cousin… I just never knew how to tell him.Which Australian animal best represents the other? 
BS: The Tasmanian tiger.
VS: Koala Bear. Bonds Lurex Bandeau top in Axul Shine ($19.95)Valentina wears Bonds Men’s Chesty in Gumball Pink ($16.95) In Australia, Bonds is a bit of a rite of passage growing up. Byron, do you remember when you first got into the brand? 
I loved wearing ‘Blueys’.Valentina, how’d it feel to slip on a fresh pair of Bonds for the shoot?
Comfy and cute.What’s the first thing you think of when you think about Bonds? 
BS: Blueys.
VS: Aussie!What do you miss about Australia right now? 
BS: The weather and smells.
VS: I just landed in Sydney! I always miss the beach, so I’ll probably head there this morning. Valentina wears Bonds Lurex Bandeau top in Flamingo Shine ($19.95) Any tips for feely comfy and surviving a job with big travel demands?
BS: My sister just bought me slippers. I needed new shoes before coming back to LA and I’ve decided that maybe these slippers are actually the ‘new shoes’.
VS: When I figure it out I’ll let you know. I really like travelling, but flying all the time still stresses me out.If you could get a care package from your friends in Aus, what would you hope is inside?
BS: Blueys.
VS: Vegemite always, home made jam from my mum, and maybe that cute pink Bonds crop top.Finally — where are you off to next? What are you working on and working towards?
BS: In December, I’m going to the jungle. I’m working towards a Grammy, and if all else fails… a Tony.
VS: I just got back to Australia so I will be shooting in Sydney for a few weeks. Then I’ll head down to Victoria to relax on mumma’s farm and peace out ’til the new year. Fuelled entirely by ambition, Hell To Paradise is a label that is put together and held together by good mates Nélio Diogo and Franck Sinner. Based in Paris, the pair use the label to tell a story about their French lifestyle and their African roots — self-expression and purpose befit home for them both. Keeping things close, once their design phase is over, they source fabrics locally and everything is put together in their atelier in the middle of Paris.What they do is obvs super cool, but who they guys are is incredibly inspiring. Nélio is a ripe 23-year-old, born in west Africa on an island called Sao Tome and was raised on the streets of Paris.“My inspiration comes from intimate moments,” he says. “I’ve never had anything and I’ve always wanted more in my life. From the second I knew how to draw clothes I had wanted to go to a fashion school but it was just too expensive for me so I had to use my own skills.” From there, Hell To Paradise was actualised with Franck Sinner.“What really made me want to do fashion was simply the fact that I wanted to wear the expression of my own ideas, and to make a life of it,” Franck says.“My mother was not supportive of my fashion studies at first, as it was out of our means,” he continues. “I will never forget this question she asked me the day I really tried to make her understand that I wanted to study fashion: ‘Can you give me the name of a famous black designer in France?’ I showed her a picture of Olivier Rousteing from Balmain, I almost received a slap! Now, I could shout VIRGIL ABLOH.”Looking at their debut collection, Franck’s namedropping isn’t too far off the mark. Thinking beyond the facade of streetwear — experimenting with funnel necks, seam work that fans of Y/Project would be impressed by, and graphics and fabrication really do build an individual identity — Nélio and Franck’s work has real momentum.“Hell to Paradise is my life, my legacy, it is embedded in our lifestyle, it is our past and our vision,” Nélio says.Tap the gallery above to get a close look at their debut collection. Then keep your eyes peeled for their follow up, which is scheduled to drop mind-January 2019, if you wanna ball like this:Things are changing over at Celine. Ever since Hedi Slimane took the reigns from Phoebe Philo (and dropped the accented e), he’s taken the brand in a completely new direction — one that’s, well, really Hedi Slimane.After presenting his debut collection in Paris last September, which included menswear looks for the first time for the brand, the designer announced he would be giving the line its own presentation. Now, he’s also given it its own campaign.For his first menswear campaign for the label, Slimane shot still images and re-worked them into a film featuring music by forgotten 80s new wave band, Ruth. The video contrasts the SS19 collection with images of vintage television sets and retro static. It’s part Saint Laurent, part the Dior Homme that famously led to Lagerfeld’s weight-loss, part post punk, and very much a new era for Celine. Watch it below.Berlin-based 032c — once fashion authority, now fashion creators — debuted their first ever women’s RTW line on Monday in London. Based totally on their thorough work as a magazine, a brand and now a cult identity (and also that recent Birkenstock collab), we knew before it even started that this collection would be a ripper.Inspired by 90s rave wear and designer Maria Koch’s years as a teenage clubkid in Berlin, frequenting now legendary spots like Berghain, The COSMIC WORKSHOP is a testament to the impact the 90s has had on modern culture — and fashion, in particular. Just look at Marc Jacobs, who’s having a serious 90s moment, reissuing his iconic Grunge collection, as well as bringing back Anna Sui SS93.But unlike Jacobs, Koch has taken the looks she remembered from the 90s and reinterpreted them, instead of looking at them through a love-struck nostalgic lens.In fact, the collection felt more industrial than anything, strengthened by the location of the presentation at 180 The Strand in London. Wearing metallics, blacks and greys — akin to skies over Berlin right now —  models walked the runway to a soundtrack provided by German post-punks Fehlfarben and Berghain-regular DJ Kobosil. It was a taste of 90s Berlin in the UK.Over the last ten years, 032c has become a major voice in the fashion world, with their bi-annual print magazine and ongoing fashion collabs, like the Birkenstock line, and their merch label. Now, as they venture further into the realm of high fashion, it seems as though their army is growing thick and fast.In a collaboration that we had no idea we needed until it was smack bang in front of our undeserving faces, Gucci have teamed up with Comme des Garcons to bring you a tote that is just fantastic.Your old fave Comme shopper — the brown paper with the plastic shell — now comes decked with a green-red-green Gucci stripe. It’s a curious meeting of two houses, which, while they both continually do the most, are usually pushing in very different directions. They’ve produced a scarf series before, but this feels like a truer meeting of their iconic insignia.Japan gets the goods first, with the tote arriving at CdG and DSM Ginza from November 23, and everyone else sees in December 6. Just enough time to put it on your list.What began as an accessories project headed by David Méndez Alonso in 2012, has since become a combined effort in combining things. Alberto Perancho and Ales Gallifa joined the team in 2017 and helped to push Outsiders Division into a full scale fashion project that explores fashion’s relationship with art and contradictions in freedom. Inspired by joy and punk, graffiti and cinema, they produce artful collections that genuinely feel different.Their new collection, ‘Ocasiones Especiales’, imagines how counter cultures are dressing up for their big important dos. Curious, we hit them with our Collection Survey to find out a bit more.Name: Outsiders Division.Starsign: LibraWhere are you from and where do you live now?
We come from northern Spain and Madrid. We’re a Barcelona based brand.Any personal beliefs or values that are meaningful to your work?
Outsiders Division is a brand that celebrates the concept of ‘joy’ and trying to find the best version of yourself. Our designs are dedicated to the child who lives inside of us, to those who never stop dreaming. We consider ourselves as ‘sensitive boys’, that means we have the ability to feel and talk about our emotions and turn errors into beauty.For this collaboration, we have been in touch with Stephen Tayo to put lots of ideas together. We packed our bags with the collection and, together with the stylist Rebeca Sueiro, who is part of our team, travelled to Lagos to embrace the photographs of Stephen. The images talk about the world and Stephen’s daily view, where he dignifies the normality and beauty of working in Lagos and his own vision of fashion.Can you tell me a little bit of background on the collection and label — any inspirations, references, important collaborations?
All of us have a design and art background. Our references are delusions between cinema, art, punk, graffiti and brutalism. We are curious to discover and play with any fields and white surfaces, and to have the opportunity to work for different fashion labels. We have been in touch with painters, photographers, musicians, directors and people in many other artistic fields.This collection is dedicated to all of the ‘Specials Occasions’, it’s a tribute to a new elegance — with a huge influence of 1950 and old school teddy boys. We were imagining how our outsiders would like to dress for their best occasions.If you could describe the collection in five words? 
Rebellion, worldwide, colour, dreams, fantasy.If the collection was a colour: PurpleIf it was a mood: Gucci Mane meets MorrisseyIf it was an animal: FrogIf it was a language: SpanishIf it was a place: The deepest place inside of youIf it was a time: 1982If it was a song: ‘Sugar Kane’, Sonic YouthIf it was a season: Always springIf it was a food: Olive oilIf it was a famous person: Pippi LangstrumpIf it was a YouTube video:If it was a smell: Weed, the smell of MayIf it was a texture: VelvetIf it was a quote: “There are always flowers for those who want to see them.”If it was a film: Home Alone, John Hughes / Brazil, Terry Gilliam / Blade Runner, Ridley ScottA newly launched Australian label cups your chin and tells you everything will be ok. It’s called — calmly, in all lowercase — all is a gentle spring. But do be aware that it is quietly pumped with theatrics, toughness and the push and pull of fluidity.Mind you, the fluidity isn’t strictly about gender. Anyone who picks up these pieces and decides they want to wear them, will. The tension, the push and pull, is more deliberately found in soft and hard, staunch and sexy, girl and woman (symbolically speaking), femininity and feminism, the freeness that comes with bike shorts under babydoll dresses and the social and physical binding that comes with corsetry. All is a gentle spring, but not all is a restrictive corset, if ya get my drift.Pieced together by the fantasies and frustrations of Isabelle Hellyer, you can be absolutely sure that all bodies were considered. This pushing and pulling is conceptual, and not what you’ll be doing while the garment is on your body.“I wanted to be sure the garments were adaptable,” Isabelle says. “For example, would the dress worked on broad shouldered bodies? For people with little titties? For people with no titties? I wanted it all to be very sexy, to feel hot, and fit is such a crucial part of that.”The perpetual and seasonless collection right now consists of corsetry that references 17th and 18th century dress, bike shorts that reference 80s bodybuilding, sweet and cheeky babydoll dresses, tees with runic alphabets and bodysuits that stretch and thin just enough to let the world know you don’t give a fuck. It’s theatrical, but not in an upper crust kind of way.“The first thing that comes to mind is that it’s all very personal,” Isabelle says. “Not in the sense it’s particularly sentimental, but that it started by making things I wanted to wear.”“Everyone I know, and am I inspired by, isn’t concerned with wearability,” Isabelle says of the theatrics. “At the moment there’s a real sense of theatre and extravagance in the way my friends dress — more full, head-to-toe looks, latex at lunch, corsets at the grocery store.” Latex at lunch? We’re picking up what she’s putting down.Eventually, collaborators will introduce their own chimera. First up is Australian painter Gian Manik, due early 2019. For now, collect yourself with the above bits from the debut collection — shot entirely on brand by Oyster fave Georges Antoni — and treat yourself at gentlespring.co.Raf Simons just can’t get enough Andy Warhol. The designer, who’s been teaming up with the late artist’s foundation the last few seasons on Calvin Klein capsule collections featuring Warhol’s work, has now decided to reproduce the artist’s famous cookie jar collection, just in time for the holidays.For those that are unaware, Andy Warhol was basically what we’d now call a hoarder. And one of his favourite things to hoard, err, collect? Vintage cookie jars, most of which he purchased from the same Manhattan store. By the time of his death in 1987, the artist had collected almost 200 unique jars, the majority of which were sold in 1988 at a Sotheby’s auction. But now, you can get your hands on a replica of some of those collectibles, courtesy of Raf Simons and Calvin Klein.Featuring 44 jars, including Humpty Dumpty, a Stay Puft Marshmellow man and a bunch of cute lil critters, the Calvin Klein reproductions are available for $150 to $350 at the Madison Avenue New York flagship. They’re the perfect stocking stuffers this season — because, I mean, who doesn’t want a Calvin Klein cookie jar?Few tangible things are more intimately shared than underwear. Be it a tissue-lined box filled with lace that’s been sewn together in a very impractical manner, or the year’s supply of fresh cotton classics that your nan gives you every holidays — which you’ve come to depend on and look forward to more and more each year, and will unequivocally miss when they stop coming.Together with Bonds, we’re getting in on that tender feeling. And with a new collection that features dream fabrics like the metallic and lurex situations and piping bright cotton blends, they push past the practicality of a four-pack of classics for Chrissy and into a realm that’s fun and personal and intimate — between lovers or mates. A bonding gift, if you will We caught up with a couple of new mates, Sydney-based models and creative legends Konker Malual and Honor Munro, to chat with them about opening up, sharing real and unreal things, dream-gifting and different types of intimacy. Cast by photographer Chloë Nour, who has an affinity for capturing brilliant young people and vivid self-expression, the pair were shot personally and informally in the bare essentials.Honor wears Bonds Originals Racer Crop top in Mango Salsa ($24.95) and Originals Hi Top pant in Mango Salsa ($16.95) in Mango Salsa, Ebonny Munro earrings  Names: 
Konker Malual
Honor Alexandra Thistle MunroNicknames: 
KM: Mush, as my middle name is Mamuch.
HM: Call me Honor or don’t call me [laughs].Star signs: 
KM: Virgo.
HM: Sagittarius, obviously.What type of person are you? 
KM: I guess I have the typical Virgo personality.
HM: This is a very vague question, but I’m type 4 on the Enneagram Test if that helps. I’m an ENTP on that other test [the Myers–Briggs Type Indicator], my rising sign is Scorpio and my moon is Cancer.Where were you born and where do you live now?
KM: I was born in a small village in South Sudan called Kakuma. I grew up in Nairobi, Kenya, and moved to Melbourne as a refugee in 2003.
HM: I was born in Aotearoa, New Zealand, more specifically, Auckland. Now I live in Sydney, Australia, and have lived here almost exactly a year.What does ‘home’ mean to you — is it a place, is it being surrounded by certain things or people, is it a feeling?
KM: When I went back to Sudan — which should have felt like home — I felt like an outsider. People treated me like a foreigner even though I looked like them and spoke the language fluently. It’s the same over here in Australia, I don’t really quite fit in, so for me ‘home’ has become a feeling. I feel it most when I’m with my family.
HM: For me, home is a feeling of ease and comfort, which I create for myself and which is amplified by having those closest and dearest to me around. Home is also wherever my siblings are, as I’m the eldest of six and, because I live so far from them all, whenever we are together it feels like home.Konker wears Bonds Guyfront Trunk in Martian Glo ($24.95 or 3 for $59) and Crew Tee in Cotton Gumball Pink ($29.95 or 2 for $39) And what do you do with your life, for work and for pleasure?
KM: I do a bunch of stuff! If I’m not modelling, I fill my time making music or learning new crafts. Lately been obsessed with film.
HM: Currently I am modelling full-time in Sydney, which has been an absolute riot. I’m about to turn 20 and the last two years since turning 18 and the past year living in Sydney have been incredibly growth oriented — attempting to find some sort of clarity within my art practice and some sense of what I want to do with my life. So, I guess what I do is figuring out what I want to do? And for pleasure I love to spend time with my friends in nature. I’m obsessed with the ocean and the bush. And of course I love to party.Konker, when you’re making music, what part of your self and what kinds of ideas are you sharing?
To be honest, I don’t have one method of making music. I just mess around with sounds until it makes me feel something. My music is very raw and I guess it’s a reflection of the honesty of my emotions.What about you, Honor, when you’re making art, poetry or putting together outfits?
I certainly have a very performative side to my personality, a sort of caricature of myself who I express through my costume and makeup. I like to think of each outfit being a new expression of myself and a character that I have created.Konker wears Bonds Guyfront Trunk in Martian Glo ($24.95 or 3 for $59) and Honor wears Bonds Lurex Bandeau top in Flamingo Shine ($19.95) and Lurex Hi Top pant in Axul Shine ($19.95) I want to talk about intimacy with you both. For you, personally, is it about the physical or the emotional?
KM: I think both are very important, but you could have one without the other.
HM: Both are equal parts important! I’m certainly a highly emotional person, so in my intimate relationships that is certainly important, but in the same breath I am also highly physical. They play an equal role in all my intimate relationships.Do you think that intimacy can exist between relative strangers? Or do you think true intimacy can only happen when you really really know someone?
KM: I’ve met some strangers who I’ve instantly connected with. It’s all about their energy.
HM: Wow! This is a hard question as I feel being only 19 I haven’t experienced enough to truly say… although, from personal experience, I have always been more intimate with people I have gotten to know quite well.Who on this earth knows you the best?
KM: My family!
HM: [Laughs] Wow, who knows? Only myself, I guess. I feel there are number of people in my life who each know me best in different ways.Where, when and with who do you feel most comfortable?
KM: My family!
HM: Around my closest and dearest friends, playing dress ups in my room.Konker wears Bonds Fit Trunk in Cotton Tulip Pop ($26.95 or 3 for $59) and Honor wears Bonds Originals Triangle Crop bra in Pom Pom Pink ($24.95) and Originals String Bikini pant in Pom Pom Pink ($16.95 or 3 for $35), Ebonny Munro necklace  Do you open up quickly, or would you say you’re hard to crack?
KM: I would definitely say I’m a bit more reserved. That’s slowly changing, though.
HM: I’d like to think that I have a good balance of both. I enjoy opening up to people, but trust is definitely something that is earned in most circumstances.Now we’ve got to talk about underwear — are you a never-nude or are you always flashing your duds?
KM: Depends on the environment.
HM: I’m going to skip this question.Who was the last person to see you in your undies (not counting this shoot)?
KM: My housemates.
HM: Myself, in the mirror!Honor wears Bonds Bodies Hi Neck Rib Tank top in Gumball Pink ($22.95) and Originals Short in Gumball Pink ($34.95)What type of undies look best or worst on your significant other?
KM: I Would prefer no undies, but I won’t judge what draws they got on.
HM: I don’t have a significant other. But I’m sure if I did nothing would look bad on them.How does it feel to slip on a pair of Bonds?
KM: So fresh and clean!
HM: Honestly ah-mazing. Most comfortable underwear ever. Spending three days wearing just Bonds in the Blue Mountains, shooting the latest campaign, was a dream.If you could gift anyone in the world a pair of bonds undies (and of course be able to see them on) who would it be? 
KM: Lisa Bonet, always.
HM: I’d give them to myself, because… ya know, treat yourself.Finally, what’s the best gift you’ve ever been given, tangible or abstract?
KM: I can’t think of anything to be honest… can I say ‘life’ or is that too corny?
HM: Huge call, but I would have to say probably my life? And the opportunities I have been given throughout.Honor wears Bonds Lurex Bandeau top in Flamingo Shine ($19.95) and Lurex Hi Top pant in Axul Shine ($19.95), Ebonny Munro earrings After relaunching his infamous Perry Ellis Grunge collection — you know it, the one that got him fired — Marc Jacobs continues to smell like teen spirit as he keeps the 90s alive with yet another nostalg resurrection. This time it’s got Anna Sui’s name on the swing tag.“I am so excited to announce that my great friend, designer Anna Sui has reproduced some of my favourite looks from her Spring/Summer 1993 Grunge collection,” Marc said on instagram, before getting sentimental. “This photo by #StevenMeisel of Nadja Auermann and Kristen McMenamy has always been one of my favourite depictions of how Grunge influenced and changed fashion and the way we dress. Thank you Anna for participating and bringing your unique talent to our new shop and the world♥️♥️♥️”The pieces will be available exclusively at Marc Jacobs Maddsion, 655 Madison Avenue NYC when it opens this Friday, November 23, 2018.Our favourite mostly-denim labels, Hardeman, continue to make our hearts throb with their latest campaign. Launched in 2016 by VFILES alum Sophie Hardeman, the label uses the classic fabric to push the boundaries of style, gender and of course, sex — something the brand loves to explore.For their Spring 19 collection, aptly dubbed ‘Sprung Flung,’ the label channeled all of the sex, drugs and debauchery that go on during the week of Spring Break. Think: denim bikinis, ruched barely-there minis, visible g-strings and skintight jeans.To shoot the campaign, photographer Oscar Ouk recreated that nostalgic feeling of excitement and madness in your last class before school lets out for Spring Break. The only difference is — at Hardeman High, all of the students are well-dressed and ready to party.Spring Break Forever (and Hardeman, too).Here at Oyster, we’ve long been big fans of Amélie Pichard’s aesthetically oui shoes and accessories. And if you are not all over her instagram situation, we urge you to really start paying attention.Now, the designer has launched her first ever jewellery line, and we couldn’t be more hyped about it. Partnering with ISHKAR, an organisation that works to “ensure craftsmanship in war-torn countries,” the line is all handcrafted by Afghan artisans in Kabul. As of now, it only includes rings and earrings — but that won’t stop us from buying every single piece.Out now, the collection pairs Pichard’s signature whimsy with the designer (and her brand’s) all around effortless cool. Early Christmas gift please?Not shy of being an absolute moron, Stefano Gabbana has once again made a fool of himself and his brand. In an attempt to secure the lucrative Chinese luxury market, the house made a targeted advertising campaign called ‘DG Loves China’ that aimed to pay tribute to (read: trivialise) China’s flipping amazing culture.The campaign was released over the weekend, on social media platform Weibo, to promote the house’s Shanghai runway show, which was destined to happen today. Immediately, the audience labelled it stereotypical, racist and misogynistic. Dolce & Gabbana deleted the post from Weibo within 24 hours, but it still exists on Instagram.Since then, a D&G boycott has been trending on Weibo and Diet Prada have come through with MAJOR receipts, including outrageous screenshots of the official D&G account telling someone to “eat dogs bitch” and Stefano calling China a “country of shit”. As a result, agents had pulled their models and talent out of the show and audience, and eventually Dolce & Gabbana cancelled the show — that is after the entire world cancelled them.It’s no wonder Sonny Hall is a recent Burberry face — take a look at him! He has that British heartthrob rock ‘n’ roller thing going on, with perfectly dishevelled locks, pirate smile, tattoos that were definitely administered in a share-house lounge room, and somehow — after it all — the dewy, unscarred-by-the-sun skin of a toddler. The perfectly imperfect looks that land him spots incredibly cast shows like Marni, and at an agency with Adwoa Aboah and Georgia May Jagger.Personal aesthetic aside, Sonny is coming up on two years of sobriety and is writing a book of poetry due to be published next year. Above, he is shot by Rafael Martinez, and below he answers a few questions on set.Rafael Martinez: When did you start writing?
Sonny Hall: I started writing just over a year ago. When a bunch of things got on top, I whisked myself away to Thailand to look at myself and the person I was grudgingly becoming. At first I was just writing journal entries, but that swiftly became boring to me. So I started writing all of these muddled, yet structured, streams of consciousness. I quickly became fondly familiar and attached to the instant satisfaction it gave me… I have been eaten up by it ever since. I have decided to put a book together, which will be a series of my poems. I’m looking to get it out to the world around the start of next year. What do you write about? Being a fly on the wall.And the book, can you tell me more specifically what it’s about?
The book is my uppermost honest voice. It’s a progression of poems from the time I first started writing when I got clean — to this very day and furthermore. It’s somewhat ordered mayhem and confusion, through the thrills and spills of my last year. Writings from my travels, writings from the pricking stimulation of love, writings from jazz clubs and cafes all over the world.Any specific challenges you’ve had in the last year and a half? 
A bunch! But what is life without a couple snags.I’ve read that Amy Winehouse is a big influence on you. How big? 
A silly amount. More than anything, she has influenced my wellbeing… through some kind of shared understanding.If you could change something in the world, what would it be? 
Owwwwhhhhh…Your best advice? 
The blues comes with good news.Hedi Slimane has made quite a few big changes since taking the reigns at Celine. First, he dropped the accent on their ‘e’ and deleted their Instagram history; then, when it came time to debut his first collection with the brand, he went full Hedi, presenting a rock ‘n’ roll-inspired collection filled with slim-tailored pants, skinny ties and sequins in favor of Phoebe Philoe’s billowing dresses and non-stop volume. He also shared the brand’s first menswear line.Now, the designer has decided to give the brand’s menswear line its own platform, reverting to separate mens and womenswear schedules, with the new Celine menswear range making its debut this January. According to WWD, Slimane is currently in talks with the Fédération de la Haute Couture et de la Mode to set up the show for next year.While most other brands, like Gucci, Givenchy and Coach, have decided to go co-ed with their collections, Slimane — always one to stand out from the pack — has decided to go the other way.Looks like we’ll be seeing plenty more Lou Reed, Bobby Gillespie and Kurt Cobain look-a-likes on the runway next season. Cheers.Bonds, who you have known and loved ever since you were nobody at high school unless you were exposing the logo waistband of you boy legs out the top of some baggy denim. Or was that just in the halls of my suburban haunt? Regardless, classic Bonds undies have been a staple since you started picking out your own duds — comfy, fun and iconic.These holidays, Bonds have made a collection with a bit more razzle dazzle than we’re used to. And, quite frankly, we are into it. The Shine set — available in a metallic pink or blue, or mixed if you’re that way inclined as the bandeau and high waist bottoms are available as separates — is something we’re desperate to wear under a semi-sheer situation day and night. And the Lurex — another bandeau and high waist bottoms set of separates, also in pink and blue — is a more sporty take that is giving us high ambition to spend some time working out exclusively to Diana Ross.Among the holiday collection is also some super cool colour-ways among the classics collection — a buttercuppy yellow, aqua, bright pink and clear sky blue. Our only question is: how appropriate would it be to wear these and only these to Christmas lunch?Our gal Emma Mulholland, best known for turning Aussie summer hits into cool fashions, has just collaborated with Local Supply to create a collection of shades that’ll make you wanna do nothing but face the sun all day long.Launching today in very limited quantities, the collection features two solid frames — the ‘Leisure Seekers’ and the ‘Smooth Talkers’. One is a bold square guy with a lipped edge that reminds us of boogie boards and esky lids (same thing, if you’re a surfer), and the other is a bit of a cat eye with a wavy situation in the corners. Super nice!Inspired by early 90s cult classics like True Romance, Thelma and Louise and Doom Generation and road trips from L.A. to Palm Springs, the shades come in hot colours like pink, green, pearl white, black and tortoiseshell.They launch exclusively at holidaythelabel.com and localsupply.com.au today. While you wait for your pair/s, get to know Em and the collection via our world-famous Collection Survey:It’s almost like Demna Gvasalia likes to see how far he can push boundaries. The Balenciaga designer who’s single-handedly made the brand what it is today (i.e. the biggest brand in fashion), has just released the label’s latest lookbook for S/S ’19. And it’s REALLY weird.Created by digital artist Yilmaz Sen, the 10 (or so) second videos show 3D-rendered digital as they contort themselves into insane (and absolutely not humanly possible) shapes, wearing the Spring collection.It’s totally weird, and creepy AF, but also oddly beautiful. I mean, of course the collection is stunning, but there’s something about watching these perfectly imperfect pseudo-humans bending their bodies that just seems fitting.Maybe that’s because Demna plays with shape so much in his clothes that this only seems like a further extension. The exaggerated shoulders, extra oversized silhouettes and 3D hips the designer has favored the last few seasons really come to life through Sen’s illustrations.“I wanted to explore human anatomy and imagine that something that isn’t possible in real life,” the artist told DAZED. “My intention was to show something unpleasant in a pleasant way and surprise people.”And that’s exactly what he did.But the other reason this seems to make sense is because Demna is a trend starter. Oversized bombers, giant shoulder padded blazers, brand collaborations, ugly sneakers, streetwear as high fashion — he did all of those things, though maybe not first, most successfully at Balenciaga and his own brand, Vetements, before they began commonplace items. Now that everyone else has caught on, it’s only natural for him to move on and pioneer something else — in this case, it’s the lookbook. And you can bet, we’ll be seeing more brands get experimental with theirs next season.Daisy is dreamy success story not just because their designs have landed on the bodies of power women like Bella Hadid, Petra Collins, Lameka Fox, Selena Gomez, Lily-Rose Depp et al. But because the romance that is projected through every soft corset, every nipple grazed by a gathered seam, every sleeve or strap designed to hover just off the shoulders, is a real romance. Told full-circle in Renee and Gibson’s new collection: Love Story.Aside from the Daisy Girls, a vital part of the Daisy identity is the beautiful love between Renee and Gibson. In fact, they originally produced Daisy’s first collection, Pure Country, as a wardrobe for Renee to wear while they spent their honeymoon road-tripping across America. A fantasy affair of the heart, which admittedly sounds like the plot of a Mariah Carey film clip or a Barbie feature film (same thing, really). Love is real.Marking their anniversary this year, the couple returned to America to follow their love line back to Las Vegas to renew their vows in the same place they first celebrated them. Here, they brought their new Love Story collection to life. Designed for the ultimate honeymoon — “the trip of a lifetime” — they shot the collection with their main squeeze, Hannah Elyse, in the kind of romantic extravagance that has absolutely come to symbolise their love for each other. Bound physically in a limited photo book, which you can preview above.Saccharine stuff aside, Love Story is a collection of growth for Daisy. They’ve introduced custom prints (butterflies!), logo hardware and a completely exciting colour palette. Renee also tells us about the newly developed fabrications they’ve incorporated, which includes sustainably regenerated techno lycra and things like satin-finish micro-knits to make things super comfortable and to make the size range more flexible. Somehow, too, they’ve managed to reinvent the off-the-shoulder sitch. We’re obsessed.The Slam Jam and Carhartt WIP collaborative art space Spazio Maiocchi is housing one of the most impressive ~immersive~ exhibitions of the year — to be hosted by your guy Virgil Abloh, who has also been commissioned to produce a few special things for the event. The catch: it’s in Milan and for one night only.If you just so happen to be in the city on November 30, lucky you and I also sort of want to kill you. That’s because next to Virgil is a set of artists whose work is unconditionally exciting. Curated by the excellent art and thinking publication Kaleidoscope from a pool of artists who feature in their newly-released issue.For the event, Virgil will present a collector’s edition of the issue, limited to 300 copies, which are packed with a t-shirt and a signed artwork. If any last past the event, they’ll be for sale at kaleidoscope.media and at Slam Jam stores. He’ll also host a talk to state his manifesto for “streetwear as the next global art movement” and unveil a new installation and billboard commission. Busy!Also in the space will be an exhibition of Collier Schorr’s incred photographic work, spanning almost the last 20 years. French genius Camille Henrot will bring her 3D video installation ‘Saturday’ to Italy for the first time. Eric N. Mack, who is currently producing incredible work and who just had a two month residency at Spazio Maiocchi, will be showing off his temporary studio/creative process. Finally, Young Girl Reading Group — a queer/feminist theory/fiction irl and online reading group — will perform across two rooms of the space. Huge.Lina Michal, who is Swedish fashion designer and collaborator, has the idea that femininity is the result of a considered action and not a natural physical trait. Exploring this, adjacent to her extra silky pastel wares and with a group of sixteen super cute women, she has created Rituals.The short film is rammed with lush textures that represent the sexiness of being a girl — like silks and orchids and pearls stuck to faces — and it’s contrasted with the uncomfortable, like visuals of peeling face masks and piercing ears with apples.“The feminine is part sugarcoated treat, part sacrifice,” Lina says. So true.“The absence of men, in the film’s production as well as its imagery, inverts the expected audience for whom these rituals are performed,” she adds. “These feminine acts — glossy, cute, at times gross— are performed by women, for women.” Amen and watch below.Not just a cult mag coming out of cult Berlin, 032c has been working hard at becoming a label in its own right — growing a logo-centric apparel line into a full blown collection debuting earlier this year at Pitti Uomo. Much like the very nature of the brand — with its workshop housed in a converted brutalist church among Kreuzberg pre-fab blocks — the wares are tough and functional.Adding to the staunch garb, 032c has just announced a collab with Birkenstock. The results are the toughest clogs we’ve ever seen, with perhaps the cutest name: Super Birki. They’ve reworked the style in black/white with camo/white shearling insoles, plus intensified the tread to something fit for combat — even if the warriors are just techno ones.“A polyurethane exercise in extreme versatility, designed to withstand the heat of modern industrial and subcultural conditions, day and night, at work and at play,” they say on a press release, and we believe them.The collaboration hits stores irl and online — 032c, Ssense, Opening Ceremony, Birkenstock, among others — on November 22.Fashion icon and modern streetwear queen Celine Dion has gotten arrested. Well, not really. The singer, who, with the help of “image architect” Law Roach has become the ultimate Style Queen over the last few years, has now launched her own brand. Sadly, it’s for kids, but that didn’t stop Celine from dropping an amazing teaser to announce the line.Called Celinununu, the range features gender neutral clothing for kids and in the video, Celine gets arrested before telling officers, “It’s okay, it’s okay… I’m Celine Dion.”THAT SHE IS.Out today, Celinununu “unites two forces by one voice,” according to the brand’s bio. “Fashion has the power to shape people’s minds. Inspire your children to be free, and find their own individuality through clothes.”Celine has obvi found hers. Just pray the brand starts making adult sizes next.Burberry have gone and reminded us just how close the end of the year/time really is by dropping a new holiday campaign. Directed by photographer Juno Calpyso, the campaign film stars some true queens: Naomi Campbell, her mother and M.I.A. Throughout, they celebrate the holiday and all of the little moments that make it special (and stressful), like eating with your family, or waiting for a subway after buying last minute Christmas gifts.As for the collection, Riccardo Tisci has returned to the classics, dressing Campbell and co. in iconic Burberry trenches, evening wear and the newly remixed Burberry logo, all part of the 16-piece collection dropping December 6.Though the holidays are realistically still a month or so away, it’s absolutely never too early to start wearing Burberry holiday gear. So, while you await your Christmas bonus, watch the campaign film below.Anthony Vaccarello has his own way of doing things at Saint Laurent. His latest decision was to launch an all new project, the Self series, which features different interpretations of and meditations on creativity and self-expression by a group of artists, filmmakers and photographers — chosen by Vaccarello himself.As part of the series, the brand will highlight work by different artists meant to explore their own unique understanding of Saint Laurent.The first artist in the series is photographer Daido Moriyama, whose black-and-white photos fit seamlessly into the signature YSL brand.As the first artist in the series, Moriyama’s images will be presented in Paris at Palais Royal on November 9 through Novemeber 11 during Paris Photo. The exhibition, curated by Anthony Vaccarello, will be held at Galerie d’Orleans and open to the public through a light-installation in front of the Palais Royal garden.Throughout the project, Vaccarello will select different artists to interpret themes of “diversity, individuality and self-confidence through a lens free from pretense and hypocrisy.”“This project is an artistic commentary on society while emphasizing the core values of Saint Laurent,” the brand said in a press release. “Self is formed by a heady mixture of attraction, ambivalence and mystery generated by photographers, artists, and filmmakers who have come together to make a confrontational statement.”And we can’t wait to see what they have in store for us next.This is not a drill. Marc Jacobs has given us the most priceless gift of our 90s dreams, announcing today that he will be re-releasing his iconic Spring 1993 Perry Ellis Grunge collection. I repeat, this is not a drill.For those of you who don’t know — or weren’t born yet — Marc Jacobs became the enfant terrible of fashion when he debuted his Grunge collection for Perry Ellis in 93. Naturally, the line got Jacobs fired from the brand — and thank god, because it was then he finally started his own label. But since then, that collection has gone done in fashion history, and is credited for bringing grunge to the mainstream fashion world. Cue the Sonic Youth soundtrack.Since then, basically everyone in the world (and on Tumblr) has tried to recreate that iconic range. And, because no one’s done it successfully, Jacobs has decided to grant all of us ’90s kids ultimate grunge wish with Redux Grunge Collection 1993/2018 Marc Jacobs. Totally radical, man.Dropping later this month, the collection features 26 key looks from the original runway show, reissued in their entirety. Yup. That means, aside from the iconic plaid maxis and denim jackets, we’ll also be able to buy those amazing beanies and jewelry.Celebrating 25 years since the launch of the OG collection, the Redux capsule is a 90s soft grunge dream come true — and even the campaign gives us major 90s feels. Shot by — of course — Juergen Teller, who’s been working with the brand consistently since 1998, the campaign stars Slick Woods, Dree Hemingway (showing off her new buzz cut à la 90s Demi Moore circa G.I. Jane) and the golden child of grunge herself (and Oyster #113 Kool Thing) Coco Gordon-Moore, as well as 113 cover star, Hannah Elyse.Of course, the ’90s have been back pretty much ever since they ended, but with MJ’s new Redux collection, it looks like they’re here to stay. Our favourite 90s queen, Courtney Love (who just celebrated 27 years since the release of Hole’s debut album), might’ve wanted to be the girl with the most cake; we just want to be the girl with the most Marc Jacobs 93/18.We love a good collaboration. And this fall, MatchesFashion has hooked it up. As part of their ongoing series of online exclusives, the fashion retailer has teamed up with British brand A-COLD-WALL* on an exclusive capsule. Dropping today, the collection features 14 menswear pieces with the same kind of streetwear-meets-smart sensibility that Creative Director Samuel has become known for.In 2015, after working with Virgil Abloh, Ross launched A-COLD-WALL*. With his Matches collection, the designer brings his deconstructed aesthetic to a range of tees and knits, with the kind of hand-painted detail that makes Ross’ pieces all feel like they’ve been made especially for the wearer.Forget diving into your boyfriend’s closet this season — buy the MatchesFashion x A-COLD-WALL* collab for yourself. We will be. And while you wait for it to be delivered, swoon over the capsule, below.Over the weekend, many extraordinary humans attended LACMA’s annual art and film gala. Gucci sponsored the event, and you’re damn right they dressed the best — Hari Nef, Lana Del Rey, Courtney Love, all dat — in full Guccy.Also on their dressed list was A$AP Rocky, who decided to wear a scarf on his head and immediately starts a Babushkacore movement (not so far removed from Bonnetcore).“I just wanted to show off my babushka today, honestly,” he said. “I thought it was so immaculate. And I feel like I look so handsome right now with the shades on.” So true.“I’m just encouraging all guys to wear babushkas from here on out. Silk gang, silk city. You know how we do it.” Sign me right the hell up.Also:FKA Twigs has finally revealed the fourth issue of her online zine, AVANTgarden — and it’s her best one yet. Shot in New York City by photographer Orograph and featuring collaborations with A$AP Rocky (her “favourite sleep angel”) and members of the artist collective Fecal Matter, the zine sees Twigs wearing Versace and John Galliano for Dior, as well as feminist lingerie label Creepyyeha.“Welcome to AVANTgarden,” the cover reads. “Fresh out of a government testing facility, alien princess FKA twigs takes New York City by storm. Let’s join her shall we?”We shall. Peep the issue, below.Looking at the way objects, in particular garments, change and personalise with use over time, Samuel Ross has creating something really spesh for the Nike x A–COLD–WALL* Capsule Collection. A reworking of the 2010 Nike Zoom Vomero +5 is front and centre, this time with some new tricks.“I am interested in how a garment ages and in taking the user on that journey. That is something I believe should be encouraged. It’s much more human. It’s much more dynamic as well,” Samuel says. And it’s a nice sentiment — why do we have to have the freshest garb all the time? Why not embrace worn in old faithfuls, our personal patinas, our lack of consumerist nature and therefore our punkness?Beyond the sentiment are brilliant uses of tech fabrics. Constructed from a Japanese nylon that softens with warmth and heat, the kicks become truely yours the moment you live in them. Plus, the removal of PU coatings accelerate an ageing process which is manifested in an individual yellowing.“With the garments that we produce with Nike, there is this element of sophistication weaved through the simplistic shapes, which have these small details,” Samuel says. “Those details come down to the use of things, like Japanese nylon on the Parka, something that is initially coarse but with wear actually soften.”Samuel also dips his outwear skills into a pair of trousers, which pair really well with the Vomero. “Cropping the pant and adding this tension around the back of the knee joint really gives it a very stark and staunch and hostile feel,” he says.The Nike x A–COLD–WALL* Capsule Collection launches November 17 exclusively in London. A global release follows November 29.Even before the girls go through some kind of ~sexual awakening~ makeover, Cher’s style is A+…As is Michelle’s…Susan defs peaks post-makeover. Check the tennis garb…Which obvs turns into day-drinking garb…Then there’s this summer dress…Paired with a great sock and peep-toe sitch…And just when you thought the ballerina skirt was reserved for the Carrie Bradshaws of the world…Ahem…Back on the hair tip, how’s these behemoth butterfly clips…And this laced work of genius…Their robe game is v inspired…Even Jack rocks an abstract number…The set is also immaculately styled. The balloon-filled scene is off the hook…And the pool. True dreams…Post-pool looks also very on point…Jack in the pool, fully clothed, floating on a zebra, feeding the girls cherries might just be style personified…As for the sass…Our Legacy have been pumping out excellent menswear that’s as good-looking as it is pleasurable to wear since their beginnings as a cool t-shirt label in 2007. But it’s within the last five or so years that the label has really been considered in its approach to experimental ideas that still very much have roots in practical, wearable and staple clothing. Being Swedish, the Scando minimalism runs thick in their blood, but there is a great strength in the utility of even their quite eccentric designs.Having just opened a store in Berlin, as well as launching their first womenswear collection this year, the whole crew was available for a chat — creative director Cristopher Nying, co-founder Jockum Hallin, and CEO Richardos Klarén. They walked us through their brilliant new Deutsche digs, got us really excited about the future of their womenswear, and introduced us to a fresh version of sustainability that is truly creative and inspiring.Hey, so you just opened a store in Berlin, congrats! Why Berlin?
Richardos Klarén: Yes, and thank you it feels great. We have wanted to open in Berlin for a while and now we found the right space and the right location, so it happened. Berlin has always been very interesting to us as a city of art, culture and music, with a strong sense of youth spirit. It is a city close to our hearts. Also we have a good following here and a steady increasing business. It felt natural to open in Berlin.Berlin is quite different to Stockholm… but Our Legacy is also way more adventurous than a lot of Scandinavian labels. Are you conscious of separating yourself from the well-know minimalism?
Cristopher Nying: We thought we could separate ourselves in the beginning, but we realised that’s not possible since we grew up here and got affected by this “minimalism”. It might not be that visible in the aesthetics, but more in how we reduce details and expression.I must say, the interior of the store is super nice. It’s minimal, but not explicitly Scando — who did you work with to design it?
Jockum Hallin: The space is designed with longtime collaborators, Swedish architectural firm Arrhov/Frick and is inspired by the aesthetics of galleries in adjacent neighbourhood Mitte. I went to the same high school as Johan Arrhov actually, in the small town Jönköping. We’ve been working together since 2011/2012. I guess we have developed a signature aesthetic over the years together, that keeps evolving and elevates for every new project. Reducing is a majorOur Legacy design key and the work together with architects Arrhov/Frick highlights this fact. The result is often something raw yet refined, timeless and honest. In Berlin we used concrete, steel, acrylic glass and pine as key elements. The interior is treated like free standing sculptural objects, similar to a gallery the space second to the works, in this instance our clothing.Speaking of adventures — you’ve recently launched womenswear. We all know the man you design for, but how would you describe your dream female customer?
CN: We never had the intention of “icons” wearing our clothes, so we hope the men’s customer is not too clear either. There is a style of course, but I hope it is a forever changing one within our world and I don’t see the women customer different to our men’s customer. They are all ages and have their various expressions.Why the move into womenswear?
CN: We have always tried to positionOur Legacy as something else than a stereotypical “menswear brand”. Ideas for womenswear have since many years been on our mind, and ever since foundingOur Legacy we have had women in mind while creating the menswear line. Women’s product is a very natural step for us, and an important one to makeOur Legacy complete. The dynamic between the genders has always been an important aspect in our design, and going forward it will impact even more of the brand, both visually, emotionally, distribution wise and offering of product. I’m sure the womenswear will give the menswear a positive effect too, the synergies will make everything stronger, more complex, more interesting.What does your womenswear design team look like?
CN: We are a group of 6 people including sourcing, design, pattern, fabrics and illustrations under one umbrella, running the design. We have not separated the two departments for men’s and women’s yet.You already have women buying from your menswear — did you pay close attention to what was popular with them and translate it, or did you want to leave them buying from men’s and then create a whole new offering under women’s?
CN: Yes some products were translated in the general sense of what a garment communicates, but all patterns are unique. We started to design the womenswear a bit earlier than menswear since we felt it was important that the womenswear affected the menswear.You actually styled some of the women’s pieces on men. Would you ever call the label unisex or is it just kinda styling tricks you’re into at the moment?
CN: I always thought that the dynamic between genders is vital to not become too stereotypical in the expression – that it allows you to be more free in questioning the stereotypical choices of garments and its categories and their colours. I don’t like unisex, the result is not distinct enough and you are somewhere in-between. Our bodies are different and it is important to take that into consideration. If you want a “men’s” shirt, you buy the men’s shirt and vice versa.What womenswear brands are you inspired by, or what were you looking at when you were creating SS19?
CN: As mentioned before I always liked the dynamic between two genders, so the answer would have to be brands that make both men’s and women’s. However, I really liked the old Alaïa if we’re talking only womenswear, because it was so incredibly distinct. And as always people in our surroundings, friends and street style is very influencing for me.Oh, and can you tell me about this insulated sarong — where’d the idea come from?
CN: My grandmother Barbro always wore this in the winter.I also wanted to chat to you about the Work Shop. For our readers who probably haven’t had the chance to visit, can you explain what it does?
JH:Our Legacy Work Shop is a half studio/atelier half retail store concept. InOur Legacy we take care of all previous seasons overstock, residual fabrics and leftover materials. High Street chains burn their old stuff, designer brands have outlet shops they don´t want to speak of, but we wanted to show that just because a garment or fabric is a couple of seasons old does not mean it´s worthless. So the whole Work Shop concept is about us elevating old things into something new, creative and interesting again, giving the product a second life. In WORK SHOP we deconstruct and reconstruct, overdye, silkscreen, recycle and upcycle oldOur Legacy pieces and fabrics. It´s sustainability theOur Legacy way.Is it successful?
JH: People are psyched actually, we just came home from introducing the Work Shop concept in Japan together with Dover Street Market and we could not be happier. I think it´s the fact that we show that sustainability and recycling does not have to be guilt-connected, it can be fun, creative and free. All companies need to have an eco-friendly agenda going forward, but as consumers, when buying something, you want to buy something you find desirable. Work Shop combines the two.Is “sustainable” working into the brand’s identity, officially?
RK: It is something that we think about constantly. We try to integrate it in our daily work. We produce everything in Europe, with small factories where we can have an overview of production. I think a big problem in general is over-production and over-consumption. We produce small quantities and try to take care of our left-over fabrics and trims, as Jockum mentioned regarding Work Shop.Finally, what does the future look like for Our Legacy?
RK: We are in a quite intense growing phase right now. With the launch of womenswear (Spring 19) where we have put a lot of effort last couple of years and also looking to open two more Our Legacy stores within short. The future is exciting!Madonna, an icon, has made some absolutely incredible fashion decisions during her scandalous career. She is, after all, the mother of reinvention. In 1983, the time of her debut Madonna, her signature look was crucifixes, heaps of them, heaps of other necklaces, and lots of lace. Not forgetting the detail of her Boy Toy belt in ‘Like A Virgin’.In the late 80s it was power suits and hunk hair in ‘Express Yourself’ and, by the 90s, it was Blond Ambition and that Jean Paul Gaultier corset. Plus a Monroe moment at the 1991 Oscars, a totally tits out moment on JPGs runway in 1992, and everything that has happened in between and thereafter her ‘Hung Up’ disco phase in which she refused to wear anything but fishnet tights as pants. BLESS YOU MADGE.And bless instagram from giving space to @MadonnaOutfits — a relatively new account detailing some iconic and potentially rare fash moments from Madonna, while also providing the runway looks that match and often a side of trivia. Take a bow, whoever you are.Drake Burnette is returning for Larry Clark’s ‘Marfa Girl 2’. But, way back in the beginning — for Oyster 106 — we spoke to Drake about winning the cosmic lottery, weekend surf trips and of course freedom. Here’s what she had to say. “Don’t survive, thrive!” was her plan all along, and then she got thrown onto the dry and dusty set of Larry Clark’s Marfa Girl, where her reaching limbs took to The Industry immediately. She refers to this as her “creation myth”, and it all began at the ripe age of 27, which is particularly liberating considering The Industry and The Saturn Return.From Marfa Girl she started modelling — she debuted for Céline in 2013 and has by now walked for almost everyone. It’s difficult to say if her level-headedness is the result of a normal and unaffected young adulthood, but the wisdom she emits is beyond her years. Talking with her feels like reading a really cool, really pretty self-help book — but not in the gaggy way, like when the hot chick from your high school posts misattributed Marilyn Monroe quotes on Instagram. Drake keeps it real.Hayley Morgan: Hey Drake, what’s going on? What did I interrupt?
Drake Burnette: Everything!What have you been up to this year? And what are you working on for the future?
Let’s see… Well, we are only a month and a half into the year 2015. Since I got back from my holiday with my boyfriend and dog I’ve been working my tits off shooting and doing shows. Of course, every day brings me closer to the inevitable future of my global domination.It’s super liberating that your life totally shifted when you were 27. In industries like film and fashion it always feels like people made their decisions to be in it when they were, like, 15.
Um, yes! I actually believe that oftentimes this industry chooses you, not the other way around. It’s like a cosmic lottery or something, which is liberating and not liberating at the same time depending on your own personal philosophies. Surrender and revel in the chaos of the universe or feel trapped by fate. Choose your own adventure.You really can make a change whenever you want, but a lot of the time it’s initiated by an outside force or other people’s actions… The story goes that Marfa Girl was the crux of change for you, right? What were your plans before that happened?
My creation myth! I didn’t have any plans besides, like, “Don’t survive, thrive!”Do you always feel confident in your decisions?
Yes, I don’t believe in regrets. I believe in my gut and I make decisions according to my intuition, so it usually leads me down the right path.What’s the trick?
Being humble and listening to the good voices inside your head.I’ve been reading about philosophies of individualism, and there’s this idea that humans are at their best when they’re completely self-reliant and independent. Do you look after yourself?
Of course I do. I’ve been supporting myself and putting myself through school and through life for a decade now. But there is no way in hell I would have made it through any step of the way without the humour and love I share with my close friends and family. But yes, I think it’s important to have an unshakable core of self-reliance and to be your own best friend.I read in The New York Times that while Larry was filming Marfa Girl he thought to himself, “I just can’t do this anymore.” Have you ever felt like that?
Yes! I’ve often felt that way about a lot of things: being cold, going on castings, doing interviews… But you get over it and do the work and keep on going.While we’re talking about Marfa, have you had any encounters with the Marfa lights?
I’ve seen the Marfa lights about 50 times. They must like me.Tell me about freedom and being free.
Freedom is a state of mind, an abstract concept, an impossibility. We are stuck in the forward motion of the third dimension we live in. We are perpetually caught in the present moment that is passing us by as we experience it. So, you can experience ‘free’ through the arts, through memories, through drugs, through sex, through meditation, the imagination, dreams. Then you can hold those moments inside you while you endure the prison of ‘reality’.Where and when do you feel most free?
Engaging in one of the above-mentioned modes of freedom.I read that you surf, too…
My dad fell in love with surfing when he was a teenager in Texas. He was a running back destined for football glory then he tore his ACL in both knees and became something of a hippie — think Dazed and Confused, which was shot at the high school my dad went to — and got really into weekend surf trips to the beach with his bros. Growing up he continued these trips with my little sister and my friends and myself, making the best of the Texas Gulf breaks. Then the first summer I spent in NYC I would go out to the Rockaways with a very sweet boy and make the best of that. I’ve really only surfed in the worst possible places, but I’ve loved every moment of it.What’s the best thing you’ve ever gotten for free?
My dog.Free advice for our readers?
Work hard, don’t complain, don’t explain.Tkay Maidza is hot off her Flexin’ tour and jumping straight into sharing her wisdom, skills and pure passion with young women through Nike’s Force is Female initiative — boosting the next generation of women who’re dreaming about being MCs, becoming their mentor at a one-off writing session on November 22 in Melbourne. She has also hinted that she’ll be playing new music at Battle Force, a few days later, on November 25 (in Melbourne as well). Radical news, because we are so ready for new Tkay, but we’re also deeply inspired by the fact that she’s managed to push out new tunes so quickly after a tour, and still has the energy to help other girls achieve their goals.But we’re not surprised that Tkay is working so hard — since 2013’s ‘Brontosaurus’ (released when she was just out of high school), her work with Run The Jewels and Charlie XCX, her super successful 2016 debut album TKAY, and through to her campaign with flipping Usain Bolt, and her most recent EP Last Year Was Weird — Tkay has remained in charge, in control and in motion. Really pushing herself to be the very best she can be.Tkay’s attitude and drive makes her the perfect woman to work alongside Nike. And thanks to her current work repping the new Air Force 1 Sage Low — designed by women, for women — we got the special opportunity to chat with her.Nike Air Force 1 Sage Low – $170, Nike Elite Crew Basketball Socks – $25, Nike headband (worn around neck) – similar here You just got off your Flexin’ tour, right? How was it? How do you feel?
It was really great. I had so much fun. It was such a wholesome but wild experience. The support acts Kwame and Arno Faraji were amazing. Each show was really special because I felt like I was unlocking a new territory of myself and my live show, which can inspire more ideas for the future. That was super exciting.You wrote that it was your first headline tour in two years — what have you been working on that has been making you proud through those two years?
I’ve been really working on myself in so many aspects. I made a promise that I was really going to get my health in check and push myself to be who I want to be so I can elevate to the next level. As a musician, I’m constantly challenged to deliver new and creative material. I think in terms of tangible achievements that have made me proud in the last two years, making/introducing this new EP Last Year Was Weird has made me proud. Other proud moments are shooting a commercial in Jamaica, being a Channel V host and playing at Governors Ball and a few other festivals that I have always dreamed of playing at.What kind of physical prep do you have to do before a performance? I mean, obviously, you have to remember your songs, figure out choreography and warm up your voice, but what about your body and preparing it to perform?
I try to be healthy all the time. I think having good health in general is great preparation for shows. Stretching a little and speaking to people in a relaxed environment is also good preparation for me as it puts me in a good headspace.You put architecture on pause to pursue your music career — was that a hard decision?
Not really because, at the time, I felt music was what I was meant to do. I was 17, so I think I had a biased view of the world that made me super fearless and believe that anything could work. I went straight into it with no second thought and all my dreams came true.There’s a kind of creative expression in architecture, but there are a lot of rules. Now you’re saying exactly what you want to say through your own music. You must have found a huge freedom in the change?
For sure — the reason I left architecture was because there were a lot of components and rules that I didn’t necessarily enjoy all the time. Sometimes I almost felt trapped. I really enjoyed the free hand drawing and sketching of buildings but when it came to replicating other people’s work and having to make models to a standard, it didn’t feel so free, it just wasn’t for me. I was happy when I was able to work freely just for me.Nike Indy Shine Women’s Light-Support Sports Bra – $55, Nike headband (worn around neck) – similar here You generally write songs from your own experience and point of view. How has your approach to songwriting or your message changed as you’ve gotten older and wiser?
It hasn’t totally changed, but I think I’m now starting to open up more and speak about specific experiences. Before I would summarise an experience, but now I speak super literal about events. It’s more honest and I feel creative enough to filter ideas that I know don’t align with me.How do you push yourself to keep creating work that you’re proud of?
I set a goal to make something that I feel I haven’t heard before or is a different take on my favourite music.And how do you know when a song is finished, when it’s the best it can be?
I think when you ask yourself “Is there anymore I could add to this song?”, and the answer is no, you’ve done everything you can to make it the best it can be. Usually you can tell when a song just sounds complete, it’s just a feeling.You’re definitely a product of hard work — you didn’t get where you are without putting a huge effort in — what does hard work mean to you?
Working hard for me means exceeding expectations and doing what people around you think you can’t do. Life is tough. It has so many ups and downs and we all have goals that we want to achieve. I think if you can achieve those goals and disregard all of the challenges, you are doing it right.What motivates you to put in the work?
I’m super competitive and I also I have a list of things I want to achieve for me, my family and friends. If it hasn’t been ticked off — I haven’t worked hard enough. I really want to live LA and have a house in the Hills with a studio. I don’t have that yet, so I need to really step it up if I want to make it a reality.Who or what inspires you?
Movies, city skylines, interactions with my favourite people, my heartaches, my dreams, fashion, patterns and structures.What do you like about the new Air Force 1 Sage Low, a sneaker made for women? It was designed by a crew of women, which feels nice!
They are so snug and light — I wear them all day. I love the platform, it gives me some height and the pink is my favourite.You’ve had some great support from Nike, having previously been an ambassador for Air Max also. What do you like about working with brand?
Nike is such an iconic brand. I have always worn Nike from when I was playing tennis and sport in school. They have a powerful community of female game changers. It’s a really amazing opportunity and honour to be part of that.You’re mentoring up and coming female musicians next month and you’re going to be at the Nike Battle Force event on November 25, what can your fans expect to see?
I’m excited to connect really closely and mentor up and coming female musicians for Nike’s Force is Female. It’s actually really inspiring hearing their stories and to give back and share what I’ve learnt with the next generation of talent. And I can’t wait to play new music! You will have to come to Battle Force and see.What’s your most important advice/message to young women?
To always follow your instincts — the way your body feels about something is never a lie.Nike Air Force 1 Sage Low – $170, Nike Elite Crew Basketball Socks – $25, Nike headband (worn around neck) – similar here How does the sport world influence your life? Sportswear informs your look, but I wondered if sport meant anything to you growing up or right now?
I played tennis when I was younger for eight years, there are so many life lessons you can learn from sport. I think consistency and pushing yourself is so important in terms of growth and development, so I try to implement it every day.Finally, now that the tour is done, what’s your next big goal? Or are you ready to take a break (breaks are important!)
I’m working on two more EPS and then an album. I’m trying to make the best music I’ve ever made. I also want to grow more. Everything else follows if your music is great.Stay tuned for updated registration details for Nike’s Force is Female workshop. In the meantime, this:I know I know — you’ve heard this rumour a bunch of times — in fact, I heard it twice just last year. But last night, as part of the Met’s current series where host Alina Cho chats with different influential names in fashion, Nicolas Ghesquière hinted at a solo line.Chatting with Cho with Grace Coddington, he said: “I have many more things to say at Vuitton. But that means also I have more possibilities, absolutely, and one of these possibilities is to create my own name. So stay tuned.”This statement comes just a few weeks after the designer made a subtle remark on French TV saying an eponymous label was “closer to reality.”So, we know it must be true. I mean, if it’s on TV it’s an actual fact — and no one could lie to Grace Coddington.Later in the talk, Ghesquiere also discussed how he came to be in fashion, as did Coddington, and how he ended up working at Balenciaga, instead of Helmut Lang. Of his decision, the designer said “”Probably one of the things I’m most proud about is helping put Balenciaga on the fashion map today.” :Out of all the emerging young designers, Martine Rose is one of our favorites. And god knows we absolutely love a collab. So, when we heard the London-based designer was teaming up with Italian brand Napapijri on a ’90s-inspired heritage collection inspired by The Stone Roses, we were pretty excited.Featuring giant down jackets, corduroy parkas and floral fleece half-zips, the collab is the comfy snow day collection of our wintery dreams. And now the brand has given us an even better look into the capsule with a new fashion film directed by Sharna Osborne and styled by Tamara Rothstein.Shot in a snow-covered winter wonderland, the short is rife with references, from ’90s skate and snowboard culture, to the aforementioned Stone Roses and the iconic Swiss Alps shoot they did for NME (RIP) in 1989, to traditional Inuit workwear.So, while some of you may be wishing summer never ended, with the Napa by Martine Rose collection, we’re just praying for snow.Watch the fashion film, below.The British Fashion Council and Swarvoski have just announced the nominees for the Fashion Awards 2018. A panel of 2,000 key members of the fash industry across 32 countries put their preferences forward to come up with this list, and there really is a lot of strong talent.Brand of the Year is a tight race between Balenciaga, Burberry, Gucci, Off-White and Prada. Accessories Designer of the Year includes faves Alessandro Michele for Gucci, Demna Gvasalia for Balenciaga, Jonathan Anderson for LOEWE, Maria Grazia Chiuri for Dior and Miuccia Prada for Prada. Categories like British Designer of the Year in both mens and womenswear are also rammed with these big names. But, what’s maybe most interesting, is the Emerging categories.British Emerging Talent Menswear is looking at Ben Cottrell and Matthew Dainty for COTTWEILER, Eden Loweth & Tom Barratt for ART SCHOOL, Kiko Kostadinov for Kiko Kostadinov, Phoebe English for PHOEBE ENGLISH and Samuel Ross for A-COLD-WALL*. British Emerging Talent Womenswear is between Matty Bovan for Matty Bovan, Natalia Alaverdian for A.W.A.K.E., Rejina Pyo for REJINA PYO, Richard Quinn for Richard Quinn and Sofia Prantera for ARIES.New fave Marine Serre gets a mention in the Urban Luxe category next to Alyx, Off-White, Palace and Supreme. Plus our beauty cover girl Winnie Harlow is up for Model of the Year next to Adut Akech, Adwoa Aboah, Bella Hadid and Kaia Gerber.And the big one, Designer of the Year, is between Alessandro Michele for Gucci, Clare Waight Keller for Givenchy, Kim Jones for Dior Homme, Pierpaolo Piccioli for Valentino, Virgil Abloh for Louis Vuitton. Tough!Winners will be announced on December 10, at the award ceremony (get tix here if you’re around) along with a a list of 100 of the best young professionals in the biz who’re changing the worlds of hair and make-up, set design, creative direction, image-making, styling and influencing.One of our favorite New York brands, Maison the Faux, has taken on L.A., in all of its fake, plastic surgery, Hollywood glory. For their latest collection, the self-described “creative studio posing as a grand couture fashion house” by designers Joris Suk and Tess DeBoer, delivered a collection inspired by the beauty — and shallow artificiality — of the City of Angels.In collaboration with production studio Maavven and choreographer Nina McNeely, the label presented “Smile Now, Cry Later,” an ode to the vapid nature of Hollywood and the way its players construct false realities and emotions. The presentation was completely meta, its own movie set in the heart of Hollywoodland, with actors — err models — playing out the idea of a fashion show, which, of course, in the often hollow nature of the fashion world, felt a lot like the real thing. But that’s always been part of Maison the Faux’s genius: their self-awareness when it comes to the triviality of the industry; their posing as a fashion brand that, through press and outstanding collections the last few seasons, has actually become one — and a pretty successful one at that.This collection took frivolity to the next level. Silk and ruched dresses, over-the-stop silhouettes, mismatched houndstooth — it was totally fabulous, unapologetically overdone and sort of dated (in a period piece costume sort of way); but also effortless and undeniably modern. In the end, it had us smiling, but also crying — get it?Prada’s been killing it when it comes to shoes. I mean, we can definitely all admit that their AW18 flame reincarnation is undoubtedly the shoe of the year. And, since we can’t have an It-shoe without mentioning some sort of chunky sneaker, the label has done it again with their new Cloudburst.The trainer, which was released alongside Prada’s relaunch of their 90s sportswear label, Linea Rossa, is a futuristic neon slip perfect for any skirt or sweatsuit. And to celebrate the sneaker, the brand has teamed up with emerging photography platform PhotoVogue to select three photographers to shoot the shoe in three different cities.The first, Kenta Nakamura, shot his friends in Fukuoka, the capital city on the northern shore of Japan’s Kyushu Island. The 90s-style fashion film sees the models, clad in head-to-toe Prada, playing board games and hanging out in “The Intimate City.”The second photographer, Shuwei Liu, turned her lens on models in “The Open City,” aka Shanghai. In Liu’s film, two models walk around the city, the neon Cloudburst and sheer Prada looks popping against the Shanghai skyline.In the final film, photographer Clara Nebeling captured her friends as they hit the streets of London, stumbling between clubs and the subway in their Prada ‘fits.The shoe, according to the brand, is a nod to “the origin of Prada’s fashion sneaker revolution, started in the 1990s.”You can watch all three films, here.Last week in Shanghai, Gucci opened their incredible multi-room exhibition ‘The Artist Is Present’. Curated by master mind Maurizio Cattelan, each room is a brain bender and invites a critical eye to be cast on the criticism surrounding copying, appropriation and inspiration — either pulling apart the three or pushing them together, it isn’t so clear. And that’s sometimes the point.We were lucky enough to walk through the exhibition with one of our favourite artists, Kiri-Una Brito Meumann. As we tripped through the work of more than thirty artists, we discussed the importance of originality and intention, and really got stuck into the foundations of concept.‘The Artist Is Present’ is open until December 16 at Yuz Museum in Shanghai.Coming from France and now finding a home in Berlin, Lou de Bètoly challenges the sensibilities of classical craftsmanship and brings it into a whole new dreamy, surrealist, actually rave-related world. It’s a eccentric, but it works.Having worked a few seasons and Jean Paul Gaultier after graduating, it’s no surprise that she has honed an elusive eye for making far-out ideas rather palatable, if not highly necessary.Above, Iga Drobisz shoots new pieces from Lou de Bètoly on Berlin cool girl Rafalea Kaćunić. And Below, Lou de Bètoly answers our hard-hitting Collection Survey.Name: Lou de BètolyStarsign: AriesWhere are you from and where do you live now? 
I’m french, living in Berlin now.Any personal beliefs or values that are meaningful to your work?
I’m at the moment thinking a lot about value of time, as we’re going so fast. Craftsmanship is something that really interests me. I’m passionated about all kinds of technics that you can find in the world. There are a lot of details in my work, and always a lot of handwork, it’s something that is somehow part of my creative process. Some items of the collection are part of what I call ‘housewife project’. I’m working with cross stitch techniques, crochet, canvas, placemat shapes… All these are meant to question the value of handcraft in general, which is reduced when in the context of a “housewife hobby”, but gets a new life and value in the context of fashion. It somehow reveals how time consuming these techniques are.And what were you doing, learning or practicing before you started working on your line?
to sum up quickly: I’ve been studying fashion in Paris, then worked a few seasons for Jean Paul Gaultier. I had another brand a few years, and after the departure of my business partner I started working on my own brand Lou de Bètoly!Can you tell me a little bit of background on the collection and label — any inspirations, references, important collaborations?
Here some things that inspire my work in general: chaos, surrealism, nostalgia, decadence, extravagance and oneirism. I’m always working around paradox, I like playing around luxury and its contradictions. I like contrasts like plastic and cashmere, for example. It’s like a metaphor of the world we are living in now; a reflection about values of things in general. A few themes I like to work around at the moment are Ethno-dada, 20s rave, l’amour et la violence, beads and cars, noise and flowers, curry drops on concrete, Connan Mockasin and birds…If you could describe the collection in five words? 
Bam! Oh lala, oui, chabadabada… encore!If the collection was a colour: FushiaIf it was a mood: HysteriaIf it was an animal: Angora white catIf it was a language: FrenchIf it was a place: Artificial islandIf it was a time: 8PMIf it was a song: ‘l’amour et la violence’, Sebastien TellierIf it was a season: SpringIf it was a food: Salty-sweet crunchy CanapésIf it was a famous person: Characters of Cindy ShermanIf it was a YouTube video:If it was a smell: Burnt sugar at the sea shoreIf it was a texture: TicklingIf it was a quote: “le désordre est simplement l’ordre que nous ne cherchons pas.” — Bergson (The disorder/mess is simply the order that we are not looking for)If it was a film: The Holy Mountain, JodorowskiAbleism has long been a problem in fashion. But as the industry continues to accept diversity in authentic ways, we’ve finally starting to see more inclusivity when it comes to fashion campaigns and on the runway. Of course, we’ve still got a long way to go, but we’re here for Tommy Hilfiger’s latest collection/campaign that shows the strength in disability.As part of the Tommy Adaptive, which the designer launched in 2017, and aims to make clothes more inclusive for men, women and children, the label has launched their AW18 campaign with a one-minute fashion film featuring models of all different ages and disabilities. Directed by James Rath, who was born with ocular albinism and nystagmus, the video stars Dmitry Kim, a hip-hop dancer with an amputated leg; 6-year-old Mia Armstrong, who has Down’s Syndrome; Lauren Spencer, who has ALS; surfer Gavin McHugh and actresses Hailey Villareal and Miracle Peraylo, who all have cerebral palsy; Hunter Brown, an opera singer who’s also autistic; and skateboarder Jacob Santiago, who’s visually impaired.“The democratisation of fashion is one of the core values the brand was founded on,” Hilfiger told WWD. “The Tommy Hilfiger Adaptive collection continues to build on that vision of inclusivity, transforming the way the fashion industry defines diversity by serving to the needs of people with disabilities.”Watch the campaign video, below.Julia Seemann made her runway debut with VFILES back in 2015 – a good indication that she’s making wild stuff for real people. Living up to the hype, the Swiss designer has produced an eager collection for AW18 that tugs at our affinity for the practicality of workwear and the freedom of spirituality.The contrast between the two, reference by way of crystals and denim, classic tailoring with intricate mandala designs, pings of heavenly light on construction site silhouettes, becomes an agreeable tension.Above,Steffen Grap and Karo Rose shoot the collection on Fiona Tori in Berlin. Below, Julia lets us know the ins and outs of her ‘Body Sensations’.Name: Julia SeemannStarsign: CancerWhere are you from and where do you live now?
Zurich, SwitzerlandAny personal beliefs or values that are meaningful to your work?
Realness, authenticity and expression.And what were you doing, learning or practicing before you started working on your line? 
I studied Fashion Design in Basel, Switzerland and worked for Vivienne Westwood and Meadham Kirchhoff in London.Can you tell me a little bit of background on the collection and label — any inspirations, references, important collaborations?
In all our collections, I am looking for tensions and contrasts between potentially disparate reference points and combine kitsch with workwear, crystals with denim, underground with mainstream. Our look is local and international, punk and glamorous, powerful and bold. The AW18 collection is mainly inspired by personal experiences and interests. Whether it is the current political situation, underground music or an American West Coast road trip we did in October 2017. While driving through Palm Springs or the Area 51, watching local television and American documentary film on Netflix, you will soon realise that new age cult and spirituality is way more of a thing in the United States than in Central Europe, where I live and work. The Californians are mixing spirituality with pop culture in a way, which is new and somehow confusing, but at the same time very inspiring for me. In the AW18 collection, I played a lot with different references and motifs such as prints or fabric choices based on spiritual cult aesthetics. The collection also includes several merch items of ‘Body Sensations’, a party series and platform dedicated to underground music, which we launched in January 2018. All pieces with crystal elements are made in collaboration with Swarovski.If you could describe the collection in five words?
Mystical, bold, playful, dreamy, contrasting.If the collection was a colour: Deep BlueIf it was a mood: SpiritualIf it was an animal: SnakeIf it was a language: Cryptic LanguageIf it was a place: Area 51If it was a time: The PresenceIf it was a song: Heaven or Las Vegas – Cocteau TwinsIf it was a season: AutumnIf it was a food: PancakesIf it was a famous person: David CopperfieldIf it was a YouTube video: NoneIf it was a smell: Sea mist at duskIf it was a texture: Smooth velvetIf it was a quote: “If you want to find the secrets of the universe, think in terms of energy, frequency and vibration” – Nikola TeslaIf it was a film: Unacknowledged (2017)When we first introduced Johannes Broehl Cronau and his label, Ioannes, we were ready to be swathed in handsome knits, complex outerwear and his signature puffy glove. Come SS19, the most recent collection which showed in Paris last month, and it is less about outerwear and much more about semi-sheer ribbing in the form of soft bras and cycling shorts — working wonderfully with the firmness of utility belts — and hats that will be a dream for anyone who once wished they were Blossom. Thankfully, those gloves are back!A female wanderer has set off this collection, and it shows. While there’s a soft nostalgia to her, evident in lighter weight fabrics and washed florals, there’s also a strong resourcefulness in the translated carpenters’ uniforms and sharp tailoring. She’s the kind of girl we see sitting in the grass, sipping things beneath her crumbled full-brim hat, puffy gloves covering hands that work hard.Titled ‘Walz’, after the German tradition that allows a time of travel at the end of a craftsman’s apprenticeship, it’s really quite fitting. Johannes’ work up until now has been a time for cultivating skill and inspiration; his ideas and execution are now finessed, and the Ioannes woman has relaxed into herself. Tap through the look book above to meet her.If you’ve been able to keep your eyes from rolling to the back of your head this street style season, you have have noticed a modest, puff-sleeved, ruffle-necked diamond among the… well… other stuff. What you’re seeing is Batsheva Dresses and oh my milk pail sign me up.Designed by Batsheva Hay, a smart woman (lawyer!) with great taste, who has being working on the line for two years, the dresses are both retro and very now. They’re ultra feminine in a world full of cycling shorts and ugly sneakers; they’re nostalgic for fans of Hole and, I don’t know, raw milk cheeses; and they’re just culty enough for all of us ex-teen witches to feel completely at home in.Completely obsessed, we asked Batsheva to fill out our legendary Collection Survey.Name: Batsheva HayStarsign: PiscesWhere are you from and where do you live now? 
From Queens, NY, now on the Upper West Side.Any personal beliefs or values that are meaningful to your work? 
Adventure.And what were you doing, learning or practicing before you started working on your line? 
I was a lawyer (still am).Can you tell me a little bit of background on the collection and label — any inspirations, references, important collaborations? 
I am always referencing the way I dressed in childhood, in vintage floral dresses. I am also very inspired by the older women I see in my neighbourhood.If you could describe the collection in five words? 
Adventurous, comfortable, floral, costume, cotton.If the collection was a colour: Too hard to chooseIf it was a mood: CheekyIf it was an animal: ChameleonIf it was a language: YiddishIf it was a place: WalesIf it was a time: Anytime in the pastIf it was a song: LullabyIf it was a season: SpringIf it was a food: CrumpetsIf it was a famous person: Barbra StreisandIf it was a YouTube video: What’s youtube?If it was a smell: RoseIf it was a texture: VelvetIf it was a quote: “Do you”If it was a film: Romeo and Juliet by ZefferelliInfluenced by rave culture, hi-tech, cyberpunk, and war wear, Sektor is your new survival/get out of 2018 alive must-have. Sektor is, literally, designed so that you’re ready to go at any time and at any given situation. And, Sektor is not just a fashion brand, it’s a multidisciplinary project. From movies to parties, to many ongoing collaborations, Sektor is building a community within a community.In between the brands’ debut during NYFW as a pop-up shop/rave experience and the November launch of their full collection, we felt the need to talk to Peri Rosenzweig, the designer behind Sektor, about her influences and the future of the brand.Peri, I know you as a photographer/stylist, how did design come into the picture?
I needed to do something that was thorough.Did you so get what you wanted?
I’m never satisfied.As a new designer, do you think that nowadays you have to be independent to make the clothes you really want?
I think people can make really great work together.You told me that the initial idea behind the brand was to be strapped in; strapped for what?
For war.Why for war?
Life is hard.Sektor is also driven by the rave subculture and is sort of creating its own community within a community. What do you want to do with the brand, your vision for this is very spread out….
I want Sektor to be a party and also a movie.Party, pretty apparent, but a movie? What kind?
Chris Cunningham VS. Sektor I would watch that! That being said, there is something very fetish like about Sektor, maybe it’s all the strapping in, material, low cuts…. Do you see it or?
Maybe? Or intense and aggressive but also chill.Or that! Peri, do you wear your own designs?
Duh! I’ve been wearing the T-shirt Phil Wong designed for our launch party every day.So many amazing collaborations already. Phil with shirts, Richie, Briana, etc. Tell me more.
1) I shot these photos with Richie Shazam less than 24 hours after I got my first samples, he’s the eternal muse. 2) I also worked with creative genius Briana Andalore on the opening. We constructed a wall of latex and put a person behind it, using sound and light to create an intensely visceral experience using the human body pressing against the wall; as though they were trapped in another dimension and trying to break into the physical world. 3) I stayed with the ever talented Nadia Kanaan this summer in Berlin. She produced a shoot for my lookbook that’s almost as iconic as she is.Ok, last question – if Sektor came with a soundtrack, what would we be listening to?
The Blade soundtrack and Cosmin TRG.At PFW for SS19, Ximon Lee made his first official womenswear debut for his namesake label. While XIMONLEE collections are generally quite avant garde and genderless, Fashion Week calendars aren’t — and so this season marks Ximon’s entry on the women’s schedule. And how welcome he is.The collection, so elegantly contemporary and so covered in beautiful fabrications is both wearable and investigative. “Inspired by artworks depicting scenes of nature, his patterns riff off classical motifs – nostalgic images of serene paradises,” the press release reads. “These copies of the natural world are confined in man-made forms; the spiritual turned still-life.”As texture and touch are big things on Ximon’s brain, it’s no surprise that beautiful jacquards were scratched and scuffed. The colour palette, too, provided a toughness, unnatural greens, pinks and purples disrupting the uniform serenity.Tap through the backstage gallery above to see the details, treatment and curious beauty looks up close.Ur insta crush since forever, Sita Abellan, launched her Lilith jewellery collection last week. It’s both beautiful to look at and think about — and that’s because of the story behind it.“She takes her infamous signifier of a snake to explore the meaningful inner connection which attributes to the legend of Lilith [the first wife of Adam who existed before Eve] as a figure of the struggle against patriarchy,” the press release says. “Sita’s intention laid in the creation of quotidian jewellery and not necessarily a line of solely luxury items.” We like it!The collection itself features handmade rings, earrings, necklaces and — our favourite — hair pins. You can pick them out in the gallery above, taken at the launch of the collection at Hotel Bourbon in Paris, and we’ll be back to report the details of the first release date asap.Your fav streetwear-ish label P.A.M has struck aesthetic gold yet again. This time, it’s in fine bone china adorned with graphics typical of them — a little bit culty, a little bit ancient artefact, a little bit what my brain sees on Sunday morning’s darkest hour.“Fashion can be fleeting. It’s nice to make something that’s beautiful and that will be permanent,” label-half Shauna Toohey says. “Ceramics are a primal act,” adds Misha Hollenbach. “It’s woking with the earth, with your hands… I am working on a huge ceramic ear pasta platter!” I can’t believe I am about to say this but, Misha, I’m really interested in eating pasta out of your ear.So, while we wait for our ear moment, we feast off the limited collection of big, medium and small plates, available exclusively here at Matchesfashion.com. There are six plates, edition of 30 per design, and Shauna is right when she says they’re a forever item. They’re beautiful.After an extraordinary Prada show, we only have high hopes for Miuccia’s output under the Miu Miu banner — which just so happens to have had a fancy new symbol.Launched with the announcement of the labels SS19 live stream, the label’s new symbol is sort of like a crown and playfully curved and shadowed — just like every letter on every title page, the year you learned how much you loved bubble writing. A fun girl vibe, which is what Miuccia does best for this label, that’s setting the scene for the show.The show starts at 2:30pm CEST, which is 10:30pm AEST October 2. Catch it below:Streetwear has taken over the fashion world the last few seasons. I mean, by the time any Kardashian is wearing something, you know it’s big, and all of them basically live in streetwear these days. But as we know, all good (or trendy?) things come to an end, and now it seems it’s streetwear’s turn. Well, according to Kim Jones, that is.In an interview with Highsnobiety, the Dior Homme designer declared the end of streetwear — not the actual movement, but the world. But, you know, semantics.“I get so bored of that term ‘streetwear,'” he said in the feature. “You wear clothes in the street, so everything’s streetwear. You can wear a couture gown down the street and that turns it into streetwear.”TRUTH.But also, isn’t this the guy that birthed the Supreme x Louis Vuitton collaboration? If anything should be called “streetwear,” it’s probably that.Still, we love Kim Jones — and wouldn’t hate never hearing the word streetwear again. But what would we call it? Maybe just “Supreme,” or “Official Fuck Boi Uniform?”We’re still open to ideas, but from here on out, anyone who uses the word “streetwear” is dead to Kim Jones. So, at Oyster, consider it RIP.Thank god we live in the future, because it means that some essential bits from last night’s super cool Marques’Almeida show are already available to shop. Very crucial fash news for Australians who’re in spring and want to buy hot off the runway spring clothing for once in our goddamn lives.The brand with the most frayed edges is working with Matches Fashion “who have supported the brand since its first steps,” according to Marta Marques and Paulo Almeida, to bring to sale items from the collection and some exclusive stuff.There are more puffy sleeve numbers and asymmetric seams than you can shake a studded belt at, plus a couple of ribbon-detail belt bags and some poster print and tie-dye numbers that will have you throwing out spring florals completely. To shop everything, head here right now.For the first time, Gucci will present the SS19 collection at Le Palace in Paris. And it’s happening tonight! Part of the three-part homage to France, the collection will no doubt dip into a whole new set of Alessandro Michele’s references all the while bridging the gap between Milan and Paris Fashion Weeks in a v special off-calendar event.Gucci and Michele have made little to no hints about the SS19 show, of course, but we can gather from the brand’s May 1968 Paris student protest inspired campaign and Michele’s own instagram post of a very incred (and pink!) Marie Antoinette-style wig, that she show will take a look at French history in an expectedly absurd way. Plus, it’s Gucci, which means a reference timeline dotted with historic nostalg from Baroque to baseball, Sega to surgery, and here’s hoping croissants to camembert.Anyway, you can catch it all live from Paris on September 24 at 7.30pm CET, which translates to September 25 at 3.30am in Aus, right here:The Prada show just happened, and oh god it really happened. Miuccia celebrated another 60s moment with intelligent colour and print combos, belts in strange places, to-the-knee slim shorts (a sophisticated step away from the cycling short, thank you!), and her really fun version of lady-like — which is always a pleasure.But the one thing that we are desperate for, already, and the thing that may be the only thing in our price range let’s be real, are the puffy statement headbands that all of the girls wore. So cute!The Prada SS19 womenswear collection will trot down a runway in Milan at 6pm Sept 20. For all of us living our best lives in Australia, that’ll be bang on 2am Friday morning.We have no hints about the show, other than knowing it’ll be a ripper because Prada. But the house has shared the above very trippy graphic and the below moving image… so we’re expecting Miuccia’s about to reflect on her little-know psytrance phase.To stream, come back here closer to 6pm CEST (2am AEST) and the live stream will appear below:Last call: we’ve just been given the deets for the Emporio Armani show, and it turns out we’ll be live streaming it right here. Also, if you haven’t quite noticed, there’s a bit of a flight theme happening — lots of winged props, departures-sign lettering and luggage tags featured on the label’s instagram. We’ve also heard the show will take place at an “external location,” so could it be at the airport?Find out below. Boarding is Sept 20 9pm CEST, sharp. That’s Friday morning at 4am AEST for us:Fashion Week, and particularly Paris Fashion Week, is usually an event very few people get to experience — even a lot of us in the actual industry can’t get seats to show a like Givenchy. But Givenchy designer Claire Wright Keller is changing that game.Earlier today, the brand announced via Instagram, that they’ll be giving away three tickets to anyone who competes in their giveaway.Basically, if you’re in London or Paris, you need to find one of the 4,000 Givenchy stickers that have been posted around both cities. Then, you need take a picture and upload it using the hashtag #GivenchyFamily. If Keller and the rest of the Givenchy team like your pic, then you’re in.Sounds simple, but you know, everyone who’s into fashion in those two cities is going to be using their iPhone camera to get creative AF.Of course, this won’t help those of us stuck in places like the US and Australia… So, a quick note to our friends in London and Paris: please, definitely enter this so we can pretend we’re there IRL!We’re all about new Gucci. I mean, just look at the brand’s new beauty Instagram. And the hits just keep on coming, as our favorite label launched their latest Cruise campaign, starring none other than a bunch of cute af farm animals — oh, and Harry Styles.Obv, this isn’t the first time Styles has modeled for the brand. Earlier this year, he came through looking like a (not as hot) Chuck Bass in their AW18 campaign. But these photos, shot by Glen Luchford, are even better — because who doesn’t love baby pigs and lambs?The only problem is, when you have stars as cute as these, it’s kind of hard to notice the clothing. Except in the case of Gucci. Set in an insane villa in the north of Rome, the imagery shows Gucci Cruise’s expert tailoring and plaid palette, that’s equal parts Gossip Girl and Mick Jagger. While, personally, I think suits can get v boring, Alessandro Michele has a way of making everything interesting — rom the way the slightly-too-short pants flare out at the ankles, to the combination of plaid, floral and a kimono, everything he touches seems to spur on the next year’s trends, and make sure reconsider everything.Maybe should I buy a suit for fall? Or a baby piglet.Riccardo Tisci made his Burberry debut overnight and, despite cute criticism on the new white choc-dipped pretzel monogram, he certainly knocked it outta the park.Titled ‘Kingdom’, because Britain, the collection celebrates all of the little facets pushing and pulling between tradition and rebellion in England. Tisci carefully refreshed Burberry’s heritage, giving the iconic check new life as a stripe:Classic suiting/trenching was disrupted with chains, loops and locks:And his taste for sportswear crept in at the end:While the references to old and new, sleek and grit were broad and many, the looks were completely refined into a story that made sense. A visual metaphor for the very welcome shift at the house, maybe. Confirmed by those passport accessories, which stamped a firm allegiance to the ground Tisci stands on, while also making a hopeful statement with the subtle “PASTFUTURE” detailing.Watch the whole thing roll out below:Things have been getting weird at London Fashion Week. I guess everything’s already been done before, so designers are really going all out when it comes to trying to show something new. First, Gareth Pugh sent band-aids down the runway on models, instead of blush. And Molly Goddard? Well, she sent lettuce down the runway instead of purses.The set itself (designed by Goddard’s mother) was a farmer’s market-style runway, with empty crates and vegetables thrown everywhere. But Goddard took it to the next level with her produce purses.Of course, designers have gotten weird with their bags in previous seasons. But lettuce? That’s a new one. And if you’re into it, think how easy it’ll be to make your knockoff. DIY Molly Goddard produce. Into it.Anthony Vaccarello’s latest AW18 campaign for Saint Laurent features beautiful babe Mica Arganaraz and riffs off one of those morning afters we’ve all been to — devo apartment, legs strewn on carpet, ashtrays in precarious places. Only this time it is much more glamorous.Mica is shown wearing the iconic plunge neck mini while basking under the (probably) flickering light of a graffiti-filled semi-abandoned room reminiscent of that share house all the cool skaters have lived in since they were 16. She also lays across tapestry-covered couches clothed in lace and leather, and that patchwork handbag looking right at home among the layered textiles is not lost on us. In some moments, she’s seen sitting behind a plate of thick pancakes and takeaway coffee, but we already told you this was the most glam kick on you’ve ever seen sooo…Yesterday, Riccardo Tisci surprised everyone when he released his first in a series of 24-hour product releases via Instagram. And the product? It was a Riccardo Tisci x Burberry shirt that’s literally gone already.Earlier this summer, Tisci announced his plans for these Instagram drops, but no one was expecting his first to come out of nowhere. I mean, if you ask me, the whole idea of a product being available for only 24 hours is just kind of rude. Like, what if I’m traveling that day? Or waiting for my paycheck?As for this drop, it was actually pretty cool — though you’ll never get your hands on it now. It had the archive Burberry “B” Tisci revealed via Instagram in April, hinting at his direction for the brand, and a T intertwined. So, basically it was a super expensive baseball shirt.But when you can’t have something, doesn’t it make you want it more? It seems like Tisci really has figured out the secret to reviving Burberry.Sydney-based label Worn is rolling out a new collection called ‘Figure Head’. It’s main inspo is power suits, and the power babes who wear them, plus styling notes including mixed prints with 70s woollen base cloths, suiting with denim bikinis, mini skirts and silk scarves as hats.Speaking of power moves, the collection comes with a rock solid set of campaign imagery shot by Alex Wall (photog and frontman of Sydney band, Bleeding Knees Club) and modelled Amy Taylor, who’s the frontwoman of Melbs band Amyl and the Sniffers. Check it out about, and get to know Worn below.Name/s: CatherineStarsign/s: GeminiWhere are you from and where do you live now?
SydneyAny personal beliefs or values that are meaningful to your work?
Support your local industry.And what were you doing, learning or practicing before you started working on your line?
I have been creating concept collections for my label Worn for the past four year since launching the label at Aussie fashion week in 2014. I studied fashion design in Sydney with a focus on print making. I am currently a fabric artist and textile designer working in Sydney.Can you tell me a little bit of background on the collection and label — any inspirations, references, important collaborations?
Little bit about Worn is it is an all Australian made label. Everything is designed and created in Sydney, all print designs are created by me and printed here in Sydney. The entire design process is hands on and very controlled to be as reliant on our current Australian textile industry as possible.Worn is driven by collaboration and creating bodies of worked outside of the constraints of seasons and trends. As the design process is heavily print based sometimes I create all of the prints before I even start pattern making for the body and shapes for the garments.The main Inspiration for this collection was the Power suit. The classic woolen tailored suit and how it has adapted over the years to suit the fabrications and of course, the working woman. ‘Figure Head’ is the name of the collection and it is all about mixing prints with stripped back 1970’s woolen base cloths, mixing traditional suits with not so traditional denim bikinis, mini skirts and silk scarves as hats.I collaborated with fellow musicians Alex Wall, photographer and front man of Sydney band Bleeding knees club and Amy Taylor front woman of Amly and the Sniffers (Melbourne band) and current face of Australian Punk Music scene. Both musicians and creatives I respect and love collaborating with. Amy is my muse and forever will be a woman behind my design process.If you could describe the collection in five words?
Elegant badass muthafucking power womanIf the collection was a colour:
BeigeIf it was a mood:
ArrogantIf it was an animal:
Mutty dogIf it was a language:
Whatever that voice in my head speaksIf it was a place:
A tiki bar in the middle of winterIf it was a time:
4.21If it was a song:
Dancing queen – AbbaIf it was a season:
Winter in Aus after global warming does its thangIf it was a food:
Probably donut king variety pack mainly the pink donutIf it was a famous person:
Amy Taylor of Amyl and the SniffersIf it was a YouTube video:
I’m not very good at using YouTube so I dunnoIf it was a smell:
Moth ballsIf it was a texture:
Mutty dogIf it was a quote:
“Fuck me harder.” – AnonymousRaf is taking Calvin Klein’s distinctly American heritage very seriously in his Creative role with the brand. Constantly pushing to explore America — its identity, its rebellion, its obsessions and its reality — he takes nostalgic blips from it’s pop culture timeline in order to explain its present.For CALVINKLEIN 205W39NYC SS19, which just showed at NYFW, two very different but very iconic American films were direct references: JAWS (1975) and The Graduate (1967).“The landscape of America – literal and psychological – inspires Calvin Klein,” Raf said in a press release. “A journey through America leads, inevitably, to the edge of the landscape: the beach. At the beach there is this incredible idea of beauty, but also a tension – between land and ocean, a feeling of two worlds meeting, maybe colliding. There’s a sense of the unexpected – and always, a temptation. For me, JAWS perfectly exemplifies these notions.”“I’ve always been fascinated by the dress codes of different generations – of mothers and daughters, fathers and sons; how the changes between different generations of families reflect the changes of American society,” He continued. “I love the movie The Graduate and the different family dynamics at play. Like the film, this collection explores taboos and temptations, shifts in culture and community, but ultimately, the overarching theme is love.”So throughout the collection we saw refs to graduation robes, school blazers, mid-century American couture and textiles, Andy Warhol imagery of Stephen Sprouse, diving gear, half-off wetsuits, and of course the mighty JAWS film poster. Watch it below:After presenting his debut collection for Dior Homme earlier this summer, Kim Jones has decided he’s taking the brand to Tokyo. On November 30, the designer will show the brand’s first ever Pre-Fall menswear line in the Japanese metropolis.“A fashion show in Tokyo is the best way to present and celebrate my first Dior Pre-Fall men’s show,” he told Dazed. “Japan is a magical country that I know quite well and that I love particularly for its incredible and unique culture, history, and nature, which have always been very fascinating and a great source of inspiration to me.”Along with the presentation, the brand is set to launch a pop-up shop in the city’s neighborhood of Shinjuku. Open from November 28 until Dec 12, the pop-up will be the first location to sell the SS19 collection, Jones’ first for the label.Of course, we don’t live in Tokyo right now, but I guess, Dior Homme is as good a reason as any to move there.Anyone who’s even remotely into fashion remembers the Marc Jacobs SS08 campaign featuring Victoria Beckham — well, her legs. It’s without a doubt one of the best fashion ads ever. Shot by Juergen Teller, the campaign showed Posh Spice’s legs coming from a giant MJ shopping bag. It was totally iconic. And apparently, Posh thought so, too, because she’s decided to recreate the image in honour of her London Fashion Week debut on September 16.To recreate the image, Beckham tapped Juergen Teller to shoot her again, this time in a Victoria Beckham bag.“When Marc Jacobs featured me coming out of a shopping bag a decade ago, it really was just the beginning of my journey into the fashion industry,” she explained via Instagram. “It was so funny and ironic, and it came out just as I was about to present my debut collection.”“I’ve always put all of me into my brand, and I wanted to convey that with these shots,” she added. “That I am and have literally always been putting Victoria Beckham into Victoria Beckham since 2008!”This time, you can commemorate the images with a limited edition shirt, that will go on sale at Dover Street Market before Posh’s presentation. I mean, it’ll probably sell out in like, 2 seconds, but don’t worry — she’ll probably do a third version in another 10 years. BOSS rolled out a mens and womenswear SS19 collection at NYFW over the weekend, which found it’s inspo in coastal Californian towns and dressing for watching the waves. You can practically smell the salt spray and Reef oil just watching the show.In a very chill palette, we see a full range of sunset over liquid horizon — blush and pale blue, yellow and orange, getting darker, burgundy and navy, darker still, black. And crisp whites to top it off. Accessories deserve an honourable mention here, too. Sandals were so on the money — a tricky thing to do in the mens department, right? — shades and bags and belts also brilliantly edited.Tailoring was clean and easy, textures were soft, sheer, and weightless. The kind of garb you’d wear opening the balcony door of your beach front, but which also somehow translates into metropolitan life pretty swiftly.Of course, it wouldn’t be New York Fashion Week without a few celeb cameos. I mean, Lil’ Kim kicked off the whole week at VFILES — so it was bound to be a star studded few shows.At last night’s Jeremy Scott’s S/S ’19 presentation, Cardi B’s baby daddy/Migos frontman Offset walked the runway. Oyster #114 cover girl Duckie Thot also walked in the show.Naturally, Cardi was there sitting front row and cheering on her man, and Offset’s fellow Migos member was there, too, making his debut as a couple with his girlfriend Saweetie. I guess Cardi and Offset now have some competition to be the next Jay and Bey.Tom Ford presented his SS19 collection at the Park Avenue Armory, his old faithful, in New York last night. It was romantic with knee’s dusted in lace and a powdered colour palette, but also sexy in its sheer and shine and hard and soft.In a release from the brand, we find out that Tom Ford really just wants to make people look and feel beautiful. “I became a fashion designer because I wanted to make men and women feel more beautiful and to empower them with a feeling of confidence,” he says. “A feeling of knowing that they looked their best and could then present their best selves to the world. I wanted to make clothes that were flattering. That make one look taller and slimmer and more beautiful or more handsome.”He speaks of the colours he chose: “Given the harshness of the world, a softer colour palette seemed right to me this season. Shades of nude and skin tones look especially beautiful to me right now. Flesh colours are sensual and have a warmth and humanity that I think that we all crave at the moment.”And of the shapes: “Soft dresses are almost always anchored by a corset often in leather to emphasise the waist. Jackets are structured and allow the dresses and skirts to have a softness while not making the wearer feel vulnerable. This play of hard and soft spills over into the accessories as well.”Not forgotten, the make-up. We suggest you sit down for this; “Makeup this season is perhaps the most sensual that I have done in several years. Eyes are rimmed in soft warm metallics that emphasise the colour of both the wearer’s skin and eye colour. Lips are nude but moist and inviting. And the skin has a slight sheen and is sun kissed.”The poetry!PS: The front row:Hi, incase you had any doubts as to Lil’ Kim’s radiance, please become familiar with this footage of your highness closing the VFILES runway show, serving very real ‘Crush on You’ vibes.Her walk/slayage came about during VFILES’ incred NYFW showcase at The Barclays Center — an event notably open to the public. Lil’ Kim walked for the brand’s new Yellow Label, by designer Paul Cupo, and which also featured collections from up-and-comers Elena Velez, MARRKNULL, Shuting Qiu and Windowsen.Ur fave e-comm matchesfashion.com has just entered the IRL. Not do to things subtly, they’ve opened up shop in a five-storey townhouse at 5 Carlos Place, Mayfair — which will not only be a roof over luxurious fashions, but it will also be a spot for loads of very cool and interesting events/activations.This is where you’ll find the Mario Sorrenti ‘Kate’ book launch and signing, conversations between smart people like Vogue’s chief critic Sarah Mower and clashing patter genius Richard Quinn, or French power woman Garance Doré and style king Gauthier Borsarello. Plus floral masterclasses, jewellery masterclasses and supper clubs.And this week, for the opening event, MatchesFashion collaborated with Prada on an installation within the space and an exclusive 110 piece collection. You can catch the instal until September 12 — with it’s Prada-branded arcade games and vending machines with customised knick-knacks — and the exclusive garb can be bought online if not in store.Head here for a full schedule of events and RSVP details.Céline, nay Celine, is about to enter its Slimane era. To mark it, the label has come out with a new logo that has distinctly been cleaned of it’s accent — returning to the early days when it was rarely used. Also it’s entire instagram history has been erased.On the new logo, the only existing instagram post explains it all:But on the account wipe, we have no idea. But this is the same way Slimane was done by YSL when he bailed and Vaccarello took his position. Many read into this as a massive scorn — a response from the house after Slimane’s fairly wacky final collection.Whatever the case here — there sure is nothing like a full burn down as a means of starting fresh, we guess. PS we’ll be in the back weeping over the Juergen x Céline imagery that is no longer :'(Nothing have a real knack for graphics, producing collections — usually comprising of tees and button ups, couple of hoodies and caps here and there — centred around an interest in something quite common but turning it up into something super fun and fresh. The ‘squat club’ was a great era, the ‘ramen club’ too. This time around, label head Mark Soetantyo has been dabbling in a bit of dystopian future theory. With that, the new collection is a little darker, but just in theme. Pinks, yellows, blues and oranges still rip through it — with a really special print coming from Japanese collage artist Kurio.

Name/s: Mark SoetantyoStarsign/s: AquariusWhere are you from and where do you live now?
From Indonesia, used to live in Sydney and moved to Singapore a year ago.Any personal beliefs or values that are meaningful to your work?
I really think that every week there’s a new brand coming out, so competition is quite tough. But as long you keep pushing and work with the right people, you should do just fine. And what were you doing, learning or practising before you started working on your line?
I have a graphic design background, so that’s helpful for creating new artworks. I’ve been working for several design studios in Sydney before I started freelancing, mostly doing print works. Reading a lot of Japanese fashion magazine also quite resourceful up until today. Can you tell me a little bit of background on the collection — any inspirations, references, important collaborations?
For this collection, I collaborated with Kurio, a Japanese collage artist, for one of the prints (Land of The Rising Sun print). He also created several artworks for the previous collection. This collection touches the idea between the old and the new. I was looking at 90s dystopian future for references, and as a result lot of futuristic reference but with analog feels and approach, if that makes sense.If you could describe the collection in five words?
GIRLS, ANALOG, 2001, TV, TOKYOIf the collection was a colour: Black and pink
If it was a mood: Optimisitc
If it was an animal: Do androids dream of electric sheep?
If it was a language: Binary codeWe all know what happens in the fash world across Europe and America over September — our feeds are bombarded with regrams of whatever stunt Demna decided to pull for Balenciaga or theeee besssssst Prada collection since SS96. But what’s happening over in Hong Kong is something that defs deserves your full attention: Centrestage.Initiated in 2016 by the Hong Kong Trade Development Council, Centrestage is a relatively new platform giving spotlight to international Asian fashion brands. The fair first got our attention last year when our mates Ffixxed headlined the program with Juun.J.This time around, they’ve only upped the excellence. Their headline designers, which will shows as part of the ‘Elites’ program, include the super interesting and cool Japanese label Facetasm , who you might know best via their collabs with P.A.M; local Hong Kong label Idism, who’re very sleek and proved a special way with colour in Paris for FW18; Chinese label Ms Min, who do posh creativity; as well as streetwear queen Martine Rose, who’ll be speaking at the event also.Next to those names, the program is chocked full of local and international talent. Seriously, just try to get your head around this huge and incred line up.The event runs from September 5-8 and we’ll be doing full and fun coverage over on our insta stories and right here on the site. Exciting!Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen, who we hold near and dear to our mood boards, have just announced that their line, The Row, is officially launching menswear. Looking over their rich fash history and style evolution, we can only hope that they’re leaning upon MK’s Ozzy Osbourne phase for inspo.Apparently, over the past few years, the two have been secretly testing the men’s market with one-off pieces being road-tested by close friends. And now, it has been decided, that their fall 2018 menswear debut will see a full range of denim, knitwear, tailored separates and suits. Stuff for “the husband” according to Mary-Kate.P.A.M’s fresh new FW18 collection for the girls requires very little exertion. Reminders to “breathe” and “exhale” drift across most of the collection, which is made of cool and comfy active fabrics, plus some snuggly stuff to offset the swish. Along with trackies and bombers, the collection is made whole with nicely detailed dresses and feminine puffs.“Everyone has a fire inside them and oxygen fuels fire,” says P.A.M’s Shauna T of the need to stop and breathe. A message we’re particularly thankful for post #eclipseseason. To remind us to get back to business / keep it lit, the tailored suiting features small flame embroidery, while Raphael’s painting of the Three Graces is featured throughout as a symbol of cultural and social interaction (and bringing the party).Tap through the collection above and hit your local IRL or online P.A.M to cop the collection as it drops rn. Then, remember to exhale.  Streetwear is all the rage and it seems everyone is getting in on the action. Like, literally. Wikipedia just teamed up with mysterious L.A. label Advisory Board Crystals on a new collab and we honestly don’t know what to say about it. I mean, first of all, it’s Wikipedia. But also, the drop is actually good?“Knowledge is power and awareness is survival,” says the Advisory Board Crystals listing of the shirt, the proceeds from which will be donated to the Wikimedia Foundation. “In addition to being a large source of inspiration and information for our projects, Wikipedia leads us to a place in which you can imagine a world where every single human being can freely share in the sum of all knowledge.”Huh? Let’s recap:There’s basically no information about Advisory Board Crystals anywhere online — not even Wikipedia! So, we have no idea who they are or why they partnered with Wiki on a shirt. But we do know this: the shirt is FIRE. Which is why it’s already sold out.Hopefully, this will be just the first drop of Wikipedia’s new foray into clothes. I’m already imagining a super meta hoodie with the Wiki entry about streetwear on it. But BRB. Copyrighting that idea now.Since 2016, Celine Kreis and Suman Gurung have been turning out this thing that is somehow super sexy and super comfy at the same time. It’s called magic, but it’s really called Rue-L, and you’ve definitely already heard of it via strong and cool women such as Nadia Lee Cohen, Kali Uchis, Hirschy Grace, Anja Konstantinova and Bambi — who’ve been repping the brand since the start.So why’re we talking about ’em today? Well, they’ve gone and got themselves a brand new webby which has launched timely (today) with their flipping mental AW18 collection dropping in store. Yeah, you got it. Everything you see in the steamy campaign images above is available to buy, wear and romp around in. It’s all detailed trackies with flattering contrast seams; shiny fabrics that cinch, cling and sling in very appropriate ways; and stretchy bits that’ll hold you the way you deserve to be held. See for your self, and get to know Celine and Suman and their new collection below…Name/s:
Celine Kreis and Suman GurungStarsign/s:
Celine Kreis: Pisces
Suman Gurung: TaurasWhere are you from and where do you live now?
Celine Kreis: I grew up in Singapore, my Mum is Chinese and my Dad is Swiss. I am, and have been for the past 8 years, living in London.
Suman Gurung: I am from Nepal and I grew up there. I have lived in London with my family for 13 years. Any personal beliefs or values that are meaningful to your work?
Between us we come from a wide spread background which we want to try represent and translate into our work. Our upbringings and experiences of different ways of living is something important to us.And what were you doing, learning or practicing before you started working on your line?
We both studied at London College of Fashion doing our BA in Womenswear. This is where we met. For our final year we collaborated on a capsule collection which was showcase in the Press Show.
Can you tell me a little bit of background on the collection — any inspirations, references, important collaborations?
The collection is about practicality as well as elegance with focus on construction and pattern cutting. The constant movement in a city like London was a huge inspiration of us. We also wanted to interpret the craze of ‘streetwear’ with a feminine take — as it is so male dominated.
If you could describe the collection in five words?
Made for the real mover. If the collection was a colour: Bronze (Yellow)If it was a mood: BUSYIf it was an animal: Lilo!If it was a language: English (American English)If it was a place: London If it was a time: 7am (9 pm)If it was a song: I’m Real, JLO If it was a season: Autumn Winter (Spring Summer)If it was a food: A rich cacao/nut milk smoothieIf it was a famous person: Ginger from CasinoIf it was a YouTube video: I am tempted to link a youtube video of someone popping a pimpleIf it was a smell: SandalwoodIf it was a texture: FluidIf it was a quote: Swing it, shake it, move it, make itIf it was a film: Charlie’s AngelsLast week, we all collectively celebrated the 15th anniversary of The O.C. by spiking our coffees at school, using Boy Brow until we looked like Sandy Cohen and inviting a car thief to live in our pool house. Right? Cool.Like all good anniversaries, this one has come spilling a few dirty lil secrets. One being that Marissa Cooper, fashion icon, wore fake Chanel to her prom / almost every day. Jfc.Honestly, I feel betrayed that the one person who I trusted when it came to ballet flats, skinny scarves and dresses over jeans, had lied to me all this time. Season one’s costumer designer Alexandra Welker told Page Six the goss:“We started with a little tiny budget, which was a challenge because everything had to look super high-end,” Welker said. “There was absolutely no borrowing [from brands] involved either, because nobody had ever heard of us, so they were very leery of loaning anything.”“In the pilot, I remember we did a fashion fundraiser,” she continued. “I called every designer out there to explain what we were doing and who I was, and they all turned me down. So for those runway looks, we used everything from sale-rack clothes to things from costume houses to things I’d designed myself.”I’ll be honest: Those Chanel bags that she carried, those weren’t something I could have on my budget,” she said. “But I found this amazing store in Downtown LA that sold the best-looking fakes I’d ever seen! So we used some really, really good knockoffs.”What the hell.Last week, many hard-hitting journalistic sources reported that the much-loved/much-hated, all-terrain/all-purpose/all-level of irony shoe — Crocs — was actually literally over via retail stores and manufacturing plants closing down.“In connection with ongoing efforts to simplify the business and improve profitability, during the second quarter, the company closed its manufacturing facility in Mexico and moved ahead with plans to close its last manufacturing facility, which is located in Italy,” the company said in a statement Tuesday.Crocs-wearers everywhere started freaking tf out. “@Crocs can you please explain to me how you could justify diminishing our identities? without crocs we are nothing don’t do this to us baby oh NO,” one Twitter user wrote. And then Crocs came back with something we never thought we’d read: “FALSE ALARM: We aren’t going anywhere .” Jesus Christ.And then they released the following statement:“During our second quarter earnings announcement Tuesday, we shared that revenues and gross margin exceeded guidance, along with numerous other accomplishments that position our brand for success. Since then, there have been multiple media reports that Crocs is winding down production in our owned manufacturing facilities.While accurate, some people have interpreted that to mean that Crocs will no longer be making and selling shoes. Quite the contrary, Crocs will continue to innovate, design and produce the most comfortable shoes on the planet. As we streamline our business to meet growing demand for Crocs, we’re simply shifting production to third parties to increase our manufacturing capacity.We’re extremely grateful, but not surprised that our passionate fans are rallying around the brand today. Our future is bright, bold and colourful.”Name: Gemma OrsmanNickname: Gem, G, Gemima, HurricaneStar sign: ScorpioWhere are you from and where do you live now? 
I am from New Zealand, and I live in Wellington, NZ.What do you like to do/hope to do outside of modelling? 
Outside of modelling I like to do creative things like sketch/draw or build/create things and sports… lots of sports.What’s your favourite time of day? 
The afternoon or golden hour. You get amazing selfies out of it haha.What inspires you most? 
The people around me really inspire me to try to be my best self all the time and really help me stay grounded and happy.What songs or albums are soundtracking your life atm? 
Right now I’m really loving anything Billie Eilish (bitches broken hearts) and Rex Orange County. (Untitled)Any personal beliefs or values that are meaningful to you? 
No matter how many times people knock you down stand back up and show them you are stronger than they will ever be.What celebrity or person from history do you have a crush on? 
The celebrity that I have a massive crush on is definitely Cameron Boyce He is just such a genius and person and he seems soooo niceee.What do you want to be when you grow up? 
I really have always wanted to be an engineer. That is still a career path, but I would really love to get more into acting.What scares you most? 
Spiders scare me the most. Oh and sleep paralysis (it’s terrifying)Best piece of advice you ever received? 
Fight for what I believe in but also listen to other people’s beliefs.What is a skill you wish you possessed? 
A skill I wish I possessed is flexibility… or to be able to really understand books and the subject English.What fictional character to you most relate to, and why? 
The fictional character that I relate to the most is probably Louise Belcher – she is crazy! a little bit psychotic and mischievous. But she knows how to have a good time and know the importance of people and herself.Best YouTube clip you’ve ever seen? 
The best YouTube clip I’ve ever seen is just The Best Vines 2017… it’s a compilation of the funniest Vines ever.Sportsgirl have just announced the first chapter of their ‘Be That Girl’ campaign — and while the brand might sit in the nostalg section for you, we can say confidently that this campaign is a thing of the future.In it’s entirety, the campaign promises to introduce us to 12 Australian women who’re people to actually be inspired by. With the first round including DJ and Oyster contributor Flex Mami, Indigenous political activist Aretha Brown and trans model Manahou Mackay and more, they’ve not let us down. Check the clip below.JW Anderson launched the ‘Your Picture / Our Future’ initiative earlier this year, which meant an open call for emerging photogs to submit images in the hopes of being selected to work closely with the label.From nearly 2,000 submissions, 50 were selected to have their work featured in a photography exhibition — and from that group, three were chosen to shoot the label’s Fall 2018 campaign. The results are beautiful, fresh and probably quite frightening for the usual major campaign photogs.The winners, although it feels like the label was the total winner here, are Julie Greve (UK), Simons Finnerty (US) and Yelena Beletskaya (Russia). Each worked with Jonathan Anderson, stylist Benjamin Bruno and creative agency M/M Paris to bring their visions into the irl.Saint Laurent has just released it’s latest campaign, titled ‘Palermo Summer Nights’. And, after a series of fairly charged campaigns, it’s super nice to see something a little more relaxed and incidental.The presser says it was captured by Saint Laurent friends spending the weekend together, and the cast list comes purely first-name basis including: Oyster cover boy Luka, Kaia, Paul, Mica, Kiki, Simona, Brandon, Nataliya, Mes. Just Chillin’.Oh, Demna. What have you gotten yourself into now? Apparently, Balenciaga is being sued by a New York City souvenir company for copyright infrigement on their New York City tourist bags and shirts.I mean, if you’ve ever been to New York, you’ve seen a series of I <3 NYC and New York City skyline merch everywhere from the airport to Canal Street. But it looks like Demna took his inspiration too literally when he designed his “Multicolored New York Bazaar” shopper bag and clutch. The pink design, which also features the Manhattan skyline and purple sparkly font, appears to have been lifted directly from bags produced by NYC tourist trap, err, souvenir company, City Merchandise. Of course, the Balenciaga version is a cool $1,950. Any guesses what the City Merchandise one costs?Now obviously, this isn’t the first time a fashion brand, or Demna Gvasalia for that matter, has ripped off — I mean, paid hommage — to a large, corporate brand. DHL and IKEA anybody? But this is a little different. Both DHL and IKEA are universally recognized brands with universally recognizable imagery, whereas City Merchandise is, albeit a large company, nothing like IKEA. So, stealing their designs is equivalent to stealing from a designer you saw on Canal Street. Oh wait, that’s literally what it is.Though City Merchandise is obviously (and rightfully) super pissed about this, we know Diet Prada is probably having a field day.Either way, Demna needs to learn the difference between inspiration and duplication. And City Merchandise should follow in the path of IKEA, and start hitting up designers for collaborations. I’m seeing a Virgil Abloh capsule coming soon. But in the meantime, we’re hoping City Merchandise has doubled up on their stock — us, and a ton of other hype machines want to buy their cheap Balenciaga.Tyler Mitchell is about to be fashion’s new golden boy. The 23-year-old photographer has been handpicked by Beyoncé to shoot her upcoming Vogue cover, and for the September issue no less. But more importantly, shooting this cover will make Mitchell the first black photographer to shoot a US Vogue cover in it’s 126 year history. Yeah, seriously. 126 years. First ever.Mitchell, who previously shot the Pro Era crew for Oyster #109, as well as covers for mags like Office, i-D and The Fader was apparently chosen by Beyoncé because of the way he depicts people of colour. According to the Huffington Post, who broke the news last night, Bey has been given “unprecedented control” over her cover and spread.“The reason a 23-year-old black photographer is photographing Beyoncé for the cover of Vogue is because Beyoncé used her power and influence to get him that assignment,” a source told them.Well, it’s about damn time. Step aside, Wintour.Calvin Klein is back with their latest Andy Warhol capsule, and this time, it’s a bunch of nudes on underwear. For their latest collaboration with The Andy Warhol Foundation, the brand has decided to use a number of Warhol’s famous nude Polaroids on a series of their classic undies and sports bras.Titled Andy Warhol: Exposures 77-85, the collection features four prints taken between 1977 and 1985, of Italian magazine editor Daniela Moera and a bunch of anonymous naked dudes. The collection also includes Andy Warhol’s name alongside the brand’s on their iconic waistband — something Calvin Klein has never done before.Of course, this capsule is just the latest in a series of collaborations between Calvin Klein and the artist’s estate — Calvin Klein Chief Creative Officer Raf Simons is a longtime fan of Warhol. Earlier this summer, the brand released a series of jeans and denim jackets, featuring the artist’s famous Polaroid self-portraits.And if, as Andy once said, “an artist is somebody who produces things that people don’t need to have” — well, then, Simons with his new Calvin Klein capsule, is the ultimate artist.Buy the Andy Warhol: Exposures 77-85 collection, here.When most people look back on their teenage years, they cringe about all of the awkward moments and bad outfits. So, thank god they’re all just buried in our memories and not on display for the whole world to see. Oh wait, except now they are, thanks to a little thing called the internet. Even people like Kate Moss have moments they probably wish would stay in the past, though of course, she never had to worry about bad hair or acne. Still, dancing in a cheesy 80s music video is probably not at the top of her list of career highlights. And yet, thanks to the artist, Pat Diamond, we all get to watch it. Spoiler alert: she was still super pretty.The video, a 1989 single from pop artist Pat Diamond, was apparently lost for all these years in a box in Diamond’s garage. But because he couldn’t resist an opportunity for some internet fame, Diamond dug it out of the archives and uploaded it to YouTube. In it, a 14-year-old Kate Moss dances in slo-mo to Diamond’s cover of James Brown’s ‘It’s A Man’s Man’s Man’s World’.According to Diamond, he knew Kate was famous but never followed her career (sure), but figured she had probably posed for Playboy (lol). So, once he found the video, he contacted the magazine, who put him in touch with IMG, and then, Kate, so they could all watch it.Of course, we don’t believe any of that story, except for the part that Diamond didn’t know how to get in touch with Kate — and that he probably knew, for obviously uncouth reasons, that she posed for Playboy. But, I guess, the background doesn’t matter, because now we have proof that everyone does things they’re not totally proud of — even Kate Moss, and even if the worst thing she’s ever done was dance in a cheesy music video.Watch it, below.Dream human who can sass as well as she dresses, Lee Lin Chin, has announced she’ll be departing SBS after about 30 years behind the news desk. She told some of the most important stories in the world — the Port Arthur massacre, September 11 attacks, the death of Nelson Mandela — but she also served some of the most important looks in the world.The category is:Give Me Space Go Hard Or Go Home A Little From Column A, A Little From Column B Sheer Fantasy Caramel Swirl Lil Lee On A Prairie Emergency Response Unit / A Berlin Club Moment Puff Puff Pass Sleeping Bag, But Make It FashionOf course looks aren’t the only thing our gal serves…Love you Lee Lee and can’t wait to see what you do next — seriously, even if it’s just stepping out to your mail box archival CdG, we wanna see it. But we do hope it’s more moments like this:Watch Lee Lin Chin’s last SBS World News bulletin on Sunday 29 July at 6.30pm on SBS. We love a good made to order — frozen yoghurt bars, special request half and half pizzas, basically any buffet food situation — so we’re quite stoked to come bearing news of Prada’s custom shoe operation.In Australian stores, starting this week, they’re inviting you to come in and trick out your choice from 19 models of shoes — pumps, slingbacks, flats, boots, sandals, with or without platforms — in a mix of your choice of iconic prints.Go lipstick, flames, roses and then pop a poplin bow on top (which of course comes in nine different prints). Then choose your own sole colour, put your initials, lucky number and lucky charm and do she same thing to the satin dust bag. This is very posh!Head to your local Prada store on the below dates, and sit tight eight weeks until delivery.Prada Westfield, Bondi: 26/07 – 29/07
Prada Westfield, Sydney: 08/08 – 12/08Prada Collins St, Melbourne: 02/08 – 05/08
Prada Chadstone, Melbourne: 16/08 – 19/08Prada Hay St, Perth: 25/08 – 26/08Prada Queen St, Auckland: 06/09 – 09/09Raf’s CALVIN KLEIN 205W39NYC is exploring the American landscape through an alien lens for FW18, and the new campaign images really hammer that home.Willy Vanderperre is behind these ones, shot on an isolated terrain in Utah and starring Lulu Tenney, Julia Nobis, Freja Beha, Liya Kebede, Erin O’Connor, Fernando Albaladejo and Luca Lemaire. The models are shot from weird perspectives, giving unreal proportions to their extremities.“The Fall 2018 collection is an allegory for a meeting of old worlds and new worlds, relating to the discovery of America, the 1960s Space Race, and the twenty-first century information age.” Raf Simons says. “Reflecting the notion of democracy, there is no cultural hierarchy: the mixes emancipate clothing and references from their meanings, from their own narratives, and collage them to discover something different – a different dream.”We’re big fans of Y/Project. Designer Glenn Martens knows just how to gives us cool clothes that are equally trendy and really fucking weird. And of course, their AW18 campaign really follows suit. Lensed by photographer Arnaud Lajeunie, the imagery shows a group of Martens close friends modeling the collection, including another collaboration with Uggs that truthfully, we aren’t too thrilled about, but hey, not everything can be perfect. In the photos, the group prances around Paris and hangs out with a giant pineapple. For real.“Y/Project is all about enjoying and having fun,” Martens told DAZED. “I want people to be happy when they wear our pieces so our imagery needs to reflect that.”Apparently, the pineapple thing is some inside joke between the interns and the creative director, but it doesn’t really matter. At this point, Y/Project could basically do anything with their campaigns and we’d be pretty into it, as long it showcased the clothes. Because, I mean, with the exception of the whole Ugg thing, their AW18 collection is, yet again, on point.So, just keep doing you Glenn Martens. We’re on board.Prada has released a fall 2018 campaign film and it is flashy, flashy, flashy. Titled ‘Neon Dream’, it’s all Vegas vibes, showgirls, very red and very velvety.Model Amanda Murphy and actress Sarah Paulson “star”, but it’s ur girl Violet Chachki who really stars. She comes through leading an army Marilyn Monroe lewks, weaving stanching through the neon landscape. So great. Watch below:One of Loewe’s most recognisable and loved designs, the lil elephant bag, has been specially adorned and made in limited quantities in support of the Elephant Crisis Fund and the Knot on My Planet campaign. All proceeds from sales are being donated, and will help to provide “rapid, catalytic support for the most effective projects designed to stop the killing of elephants, thwart traffickers and end the demand for ivory.” This is good work.The brand went to Kenya to work with women from the Samburu Workshop, who have the skills to produce really beautiful beadwork. This beadwork features on the limited run of bags by way of intricate charms and dangly bits that just look so cool, see:The collection will launch exclusively on Loewe.com and in Bergdorf Goodman on July 16. It’s good to know that the Elephant Crisis Fund runs on a 100% donation model and every dollar raised is used directly on elephant conservation projects in the most critical areas of Africa and Asia. Convinced.We’re pretty excited about all the new things going on a Burberry — what with Tisci, Vivienne Westwood, and now Opening Ceremony. And it seems they are too, because this collaboration is coming in fresh and now.Shot by Salvatore Caputo on beachfront raves in Ukraine, the collection features exclusive bits from Burberry’s fall collection and styles made just for OC. Think OG Burbs with logo jerseys and souvenir-style graphics and rainbow lettering. The obligatory check is involved, spruced with some rainbow bits, and has been pushed into full youth territory with casual fits ready for just about any dance floor terrain.Get in the mood via the clip below, tap Caputo’s photos about for the full campaign, and shop here.Nike has teamed up with none other than the Queen herself, Anna Wintour, on two new pairs of Air Jordans. For the brand’s first ever women’s-only collaboration, the Vogue Editor-in-Chief gave her “Anna Wintour Okay” to an Air Jordan 1 Zip and an Air Jordan 3 SE. The 1 Zip comes in “University Red” and off-white “Sail” colourways, and drops July 17. The 3 SE, which comes out in September, was inspired by Wintour’s signature uniform of tweed suits and face-covering sunglasses, and has a tweed top and back heel. Just to be sure everyone knows she’s cool with them, the shoes will also emblazoned with an “AWOK” stamp on the back. Subtle. Both pairs come in a super fancy box and include an “Edited by Vogue” keychain.If all of this doesn’t make you cringe at least a little bit, don’t worry, because there’s a video, too. Announcing the collab, Vogue dropped a video of Anna Wintour draining basketballs by wearing a pair of the AJ1’s. Apparently, ball is life — even at Vogue. But what’s even more shocking than seeing her display even a small sense of humour, is seeing Anna Wintour in anything but the boring beige Manolos she’s been wearing since 1994. Apparently, the designer once told The Daily that he’d be super bummed if she ever started wearing another shoe. Well, we’re sorry to say, Mr. Blahnik, but that day has come, and we’re just as upset about it as you are. Seeing Anna Wintour in red high-tops is almost as cringeworthy as watching her try to have an appealing personality. See for yourself, below.We all know sex sells. And while everyone else is busy trying to get super intellectual and meta with their fashion ads, Givenchy is keeping it simple. For their AW18 campaign, the brand released a black-and-white campaign filled with dancing, hot models sweating, and making out.Shot by Steven Meisel, the black-and-white images and campaign video really showcase the noir vibe of Claire Wright Keller’s mostly black collection that she presented in Paris last March.“I wanted to capture the reality of the modern couple in all its diversity: amid a bustling scene or on a crowded dance floor, these urban characters always manage to find each other and flock together in the dark,” said the designer. “I loved the idea of capturing a Givenchy romance through Steven Meisel’s masterful cinematic lens.”A Givenchy romance? Ugh, I wish I could afford one of those.Watch the campaign video, below.Beyoncé has teamed up with Balmain to release a capsule collection of the sweatshirts her and her crew wore at Coachella — you know, those sparkly cropped hoodies that have been memed to death, based on the athletic wear from HBCUs (Historically Black Colleges and Universities).Out this Friday, the collection will benefit the United Negro College Fund.“The donation was the main goal of this collaboration,” Balmain designer Olivier Rousteing told Vogue. “We don’t forget where we come from.”The hoodies will go for $550-$1,790, so, you know, super cheap. But at least it’s for a good cause? However, if you’re unable to drop a cool 2 G on a pink hoodie, don’t worry — the capsule will also include a new black t-shirt for $290. Apparently, the beyhive is loaded.Obviously it is completely insane to skip on your rent in order to buy one homeware, but here we are: looking at Gucci’s expanding décor collection and feeling very tempted to risk eviction.The pieces — chairs, serving trays, cushions, jugs, candles, armchairs, flipping ornamental folding screens (!!!) — look ready to march themselves down a Gucci catwalk/straight in to our abodes tbh. They feature all of the house’s recognisable motifs and display an appreciation for the artisanal skills of Italian makers by way of needlepoint and vases with snake handles that take 5 hours to make!Might we just add that there is also wallpaper? There is, and it is terrific.You can shop the collection right now, or just play games with your heart via Gucci’s app which has some augmented reality technology that lets you pop your favourite pieces in your space in real time.Tap the gallery above to take a look at Alex Merry’s illustrations of the collection, and the beautiful worlds in which we want to live in rn.Victoria Beckham, once Posh Spice now Higher Self Spice, is obviously all about that good nrg. We say obviously, because her Pre-Fall collection includes wide-leg pants with secret pockets design specifically for holding crystals.“I started by looking at my own crystal collection, and thinking about what might be important to my customer,” Beckham told ELLE. “She’s strong and successful, and I wanted to offer something that could provide support navigating her career and her personal life… As with all my collections, I want to make my customer feel confident and secure, and for me adding crystals felt like a nice way to help do that.” Gotcha.HUGO titled it’s SS19 show ‘Mixmasters’ and drew from hedonistic 90s rave culture for the vibe. It made sense then, for the label to come back to Germany and show the collection at one of Berlin’s old techno venues, Motorwerk.The collection itself had a good dose of DIY / customised sportswear you still find on the bodies inside Berlin clubs, it featured slim 90s silhouettes, sharp women’s footwear, and of course dabbled in the chunky sneaker trend.Models — definitely the most star-studded cast of all MBFW Berlin shows, including Binx Walton and Adesuwa Aighewi (Plus Lottie Moss and Winnie Harlow in attendance) — darted through a hazy set, pumped with smoke machines and flashing lights. By the finale, they assembled on a staircase on stage, framing decks that would eventually house a not-so-techno performance by Wiz Khalifa, followed by Berghain’s Marcel Dettmann.Cop a view of some of our favourite looks above.In the late 80s when UK youths were dancing eyes-closed, hands-expressive and mouths-chewing, they were calling it the Second Summer of Love. Inspired by the music and personalities that shaped this subculture, Gucci and Frieze have commissioned a series of films to explore this hazy loved-up zone.Turner Prize winner Jeremy Deller has been tasked to uncover the roots of rave and its reshaping of 80s Britain in Everybody in The Place: An Incomplete History of Britain 1984-1992 — which will feature “rare and unseen archive materials map the journey from protest movements to abandoned warehouse raves, the white heat of industry bleeding into the chaotic release of the dancefloor.”Filmmaker and visual artist Josh Blaaberg explores the most fun and weird side of dance music by way of Italo disco in Distant Planet: The Six Chapters of Simona. Here, he’ll “combine fiction, archive and interview to explore how emotional impulses are at the core of these and all assumptions: how reality and desire are inherently intertwined. The film imagines a universe where mid-1980s New York runs riot for the latest Italo releases and Campari fountains are installed by Presidential decree.” Um, yes please.The films will show together for the first time at Frieze London in October 2018, with Wu Tsang’s film INTO A SPACE OF LOVE also on the bill. This one looks closely at New York house music and it’s direct relationship with a predominantly black and Latino queer community.Actual iconic British designer Vivienne Westwood has been named the first collaborator for Riccardo Tisci’s Burberry. Together, the pair will go deep in the archive of the houses best designs and reimagine them in celebration of British heritage and style — something Viv has not just contributed to, but shaped terrifically.“Vivienne Westwood was one of the first designers who made me dream to become a designer myself,” Tisci said. “And when I first started at Burberry, I knew it would be the perfect opportunity to approach her to do something. She is a rebel, a punk and unrivalled in her unique representation of British style, which has inspired so many of us. I am so incredibly proud of what we will be creating together.”The limited edition collection will launch December 2018, and we are so ready for Viv’s interpretation of Burberry’s forever stylish garb. I mean, can you imagine how she’s going to trick out those trenches and that check?You know how when you watch any movie made before 1995, they have a really specific view of what the future will be? Think: crazy technology, gas masks, things like that. Well, apparently John Galliano saw those flicks too. At his latest Margiela presentation at Couture Week in Paris, the designer sent models down the runway wearing VR headsets and holding their iPhones.As if people aren’t already totally connected to their phones, now they’ll be able to literally wear them. Well, if they can afford Margiela artisanal.The collection itself (and not to mention the styling) was also heavily rooted in technology, with a heavy post-apocalyptic vibe that feels all the more relevant in the wake of our current political climate. Though, there is something a bit disturbing about having your phone fastened to your shoes or your jacket. And the whole iPad/iPhone screen peaking through a sheer backpack — just no. There’s no way I want everyone on the subway to see whose Insta I’ve been stalking.As for the clothes, the layered coat and hood combos felt a lot like Raf Simons — both his SS ’18 eponymous collection and Calvin Klein’s Fall ’18 line. But, I mean, Margiela is Margiela and Pat McGrath killed it on the blue-faced makeup. Plus, look on the brightside — you already own the collection’s most important accessory.Thanks to Instagram critics @DietPrada, it’s not easy to get away with much when it comes to inspiration anymore. But it’s 2018 — is anything truly original anymore? I’m not sure, but I know that Jean Paul Gaultier is a bit late on his embrace of “Free The Nipple.” Just yesterday, at his couture show, the designer sent models down the runway wearing plexiglass tops emblazoned with the slogan, and while we appreciate the message, isn’t he a bit late?I mean, the original #FreeTheNipple campaign was launched in 2012, and that (kind of awful, sorry but it’s true) documentary about the movement came out in 2014. So, I’m not sure where JPG has been.Aside from that, the collection was built around the theme of “Smoking, No Smoking,” which manifested in a bunch of updated smoking jackets, hazy dresses and sheer fabrics. Oh, and a finale look that was basically a giant ball of smoke.Overall, it was good — and made me want to run outside for a cigarette.Yesterday, adidas Originals unveiled their new ‘Prouder’ campaign, an “exploration and celebration of unity, equality and originality” for London’s Pride Week 2018. For the project, the brand tapped members of the LBGTQ community and their allies, including Marc Jacobs, Kate Moss, Naomi Campbell, David Beckham and more, to put their own spin on the adidas Samba sneaker, the results of which will be auctioned off via eBay in support of the Albert Kennedy Trust, which offers help to LBGTQ youth facing homelessness. Curated by London DJ and longtime activist Fat Tony, the eBay auction started yesterday, and will continue for 10 days. The shoes will also be on view at London’s HENI Gallery in Soho beginning today. Photographer Nick Knight has been capturing the project and its participants throughout the planning for a short film that will launch exclusively on SHOWStudio, and explores what it means to be proud.“In these times, it is even more crucial to be original and to have pride in who you are and what you do,” he said in a release.“I wanted to create something with adidas that really spoke to where we are today by envisaging a new notion of Pride as being one with no labels,” added Fat Tony about the project, “and how we as a community alongside our allies can push
things further still — hence the concept of ‘Prouder’ — celebrating Unity, Equality and Originality, and bridging
us all.”Check out some of our favorite shoes from the collobration above, and start bidding here.As you probably already know (since you’ve likely seen it on Instagram), earlier this week, Vetements presented their SS19 collection during Paris Men’s Fashion Week. For his return to the runway, designer Demna Gvasalia produced a collection, that among other things (like sneakers that will stab you in the ankles), was an ode to his home country of Georgia.Inspired by “family and violence,” the collection captured Gvasalia’s feelings growing up during the 1992 Georgian genocide. He used all Georgian models and the collection itself features Georgian imagery, as well as military fatigues (in a more obvious reference to the country’s violent history).“We cast the show in Georgia, and had over 40 models come from there,” Gvasalia told DAZED. “I use them as a voice for a youth that doesn’t have one, and is repressed by a political regime in that they can’t demonstrate or say what they think. There is no real freedom in Georgia,” he added. “I lived through that and realised it was a very painful time for me, and I needed to put it out there.”In addition to wanting to create an homage to his country, the designer wanted to educate people about its history and current climate. Enter Vetements’ new phone app.Yes, you read that correctly. The fashion world darling has now moved on to tech, with an app that teaches people about Georgia through scannable bar codes placed throughout the collection. When it hits stores, people will be able to scan their $800 t-shirts to read about a country that has over 12% of its population living under the poverty line. Cue the Alanis Morissette. But hey, at least some members of the fashion community are taking a real interest in politics.Gypsy Sport is known for their diverse casting, and the brand’s new AW18 campaign is no exception. Shot by photographer Oscar Ouk in all black-and-white, the images feature Oyster #111 cover star, @uglyworldwide, 10-year-old drag kid Desmond is Amazing, who also made his runway debut at the brand’s AW18 presentation earlier this year, and, um, a zebra. Not a real zebra, natch — it’s actually RuPaul’s Drag Race star Nina Bo’Nina Brown.“They’re muses who don’t conform to any binaries,” Gypsy Sport designer Rio Uribe told DAZED about the casting. “[..] I’m very proud of the many black, brown, queer, trans, non-binary/gender nonconforming models that Gypsy Sport has introduced to the fashion industry.”Preach. View the campaign above.One thing’s for sure: no one can ever say that Gucci doesn’t go for it. They do everything times ten. For proof, see their latest campaign. Shot by Glen Luchford, the AW18 imagery is a hoarders wet dream. While there are no severed heads or cute bb dragons, there is lots of other stuff: butterflies, antique china, desserts, wigs, stuffed animals. The images are a surrealist Grey Gardens-meets-Silence of Lambs fantasy in which models pose alongside an excess of, well, pretty much everything.Like the campaign itself, the collection is an ode to Michele’s undying love for maximalism. Set to the backdrop of Luchford’s images, the AW 18 campaign is an all out love letter to indulgence. And we’re here for it.View the images above.We love Miuccia Prada and, quite frankly, she could send any of her collections down the runway on self-driving segways and we’d still be pleased. Meaning headline-worthy casting isn’t something she particularly needs to do to grab our attention. But by god we’re glad she submitted to it this time. Miu Miu Resort 19 = the ultimate strong woman club.Along with casting very top models such as Naomi Campbell, Adriana Lima, Adwoa Aboah, and Oyster cover girl Hannah Elyse, also walking the show was a crew of great lady actors including other Oyster cover girl Chloë Sevigny, plus Jaime King, Kate Bosworth, Rowan Blanchard, Sadie Sink, Gwendoline Christie and the show-closing Uma Thurman — who took her time smiling at the crowd.This feels so great for Miu Miu, to continue this path of saluting womanhood, and the sentiment of giving space to women in film is completely apt for this time.Dilara Findikoglu has now branched into bridal wear. The Turkish, London-based designer who’s known for her Marilyn Manson cone-bra t-shirts and Satanic sensibilities has now turned her attention to clothing for anyone’s special day. The collection, titled Die For Love, is all-inclusive and specifically includes pieces for any kind of marriage: hetero, same sex, non-binary and even self-love.“There haven’t been any other brands that consider same-sex marriages when designing wedding lines,” Findikoglu told DAZED. “I wanted to change how limited wedding traditions have been in the past and be more inclusive.”As for the self-love aspect, the collection also caters to people who want to get dressed up just to celebrate themselves.“In our modern world self-love is often overlooked. Being inclusive of all types of people is vital to me when casting or designing,” she said.To launch the line, the designer tapped photographer Casper Sejerson and stylist Ellie Grace Cumming to shoot artist-turned-activist Saffiyah Kahn to embody the single and self-loving woman, as well as real life straight and gay couples, to showcase the true diversity of the brand.The collection itself is sustainable, and filled with delicate white brocade and pink organza, and lots of sexy reds. The vibe is sort of Victorian-meets-80s prom-meets Marie Antoinette-meets Beetlejuice. Though I don’t know if I’d actually die for love (as the collection and corresponding social media captions ask), but I’d definitely die to get my hands on the collection.Check out the NOWNESS campaign video, below.Can we take a moment to remember just how good the Olsen twins used to be? I mean, I know they’re like serious fashion designers and everything now, but the early-2000s was a really great time for their personal style — you know, before Mary-Kate invented the whole boho homeless girl with a giant Starbucks cup thing (though, I didn’t totally hate that either).You see, yesterday was my birthday. So, naturally, I started thinking about my childhood, and my past, and blah blah blah. I went through a lot of phases throughout my adolescence, as most kids do. You’re finding your personality, your likes and dislikes — you really just don’t know who you are yet. I went from being a total Juicy Couture, Frankie B-wearing loser one day, to a Hot Topic, Ramones hoodie-wearing punk the next (I still have that sweatshirt). But the one thing that always remained constant was my total, undying love and admiration for Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen, and particularly, their hairstyles and looks.I mean, Billboard Dad? Can we talk about that for a second?Those tiny pink and blue shades could’ve just come off the Alexander Wang or Balenciaga runway, and those space bun/choker combos were basically the uniform at this year’s Coachella.And then there was So Little Time.MK&A were a little older here, a little cooler. I used to sit with a notepad and take notes on how they wore their hair and makeup.And speaking of hair and makeup — Two of a Kind.That layered haircut with a butterfly clip in the front was basically “The Rachel” for pre-teens.Of course, there was also Holiday in the Sun, in which the sisters, who up until that point had really always done the twin thing, really started to develop their own personal styles.Ashley was always a bit more classic and feminine, while Mary-Kate often went for the more tomboyish looks. I was a Mary-Kate, obviously.Throughout those years, there was also Passport to Paris and Winning London (both of which are great), and finally, New York Minute — the twins first (and only) major motion picture.Now, this was 2004, so right before Ashley quit acting, and Mary-Kate went off the deep end. This was also before the aforementioned Starbucks cup/oversized sunglasses era, and way before Mary-Kate was a Sarkozy. New York Minute was really the last hurrah for the Olsen Twins as we knew and loved them. But, at least, we’ll always have our memories (#NeverForget) and the hundreds of pages from my notebooks.Name: Fiona Tori RadszuhnNickname: My dad used to call me Fio and a few friends have adapted that — mostly I just go by Fiona though.Star sign: AriesWhere are you from and where do you live now? 
I was born and raised in Berlin and am technically still based here, although I’ve spent maybe a total of three months here in the last year.What do you like to do/hope to do outside of modelling? 
I’ve been asking myself this question a lot as well lately haha. I kind of just randomly fell into modelling because I worked as a stylist in Paris, so I still do that partially. I really only want to work with people who I genuinely trust and believe in and that makes working as a stylist a lot more difficult. I also recently started painting again, which has been very therapeutic.What inspires you most? 
My Friends, who are more so my family than my actual family. I was really down last week and it happened to be my birthday, and I didn’t feel like celebrating at all but in the end it was a wonderful evening because once again I realised that I am surrounded by wonderful, strong and amazing people that all struggle and get back up again and that I am surrounded by love even though I cant always take it. Also my mother because she is incredibly strong and I am very proud of her.Work-wise, music has always played a big part, especially photographs documenting the lives of some of my favourite Artists. There is this amazing book documenting rock n roll photography from the 1960-2000 which has been one of my favourite sources of inspiration over and over.What songs or albums are soundtracking your life atm?
When I started answering these questions I was in Paris during fashion week, and I always listen to ‘Brothers’ by The Black Keys then — it’s sort of become a calming ritual. Other than that the Doors have accompanied me for a long time now.Any personal beliefs or values that are meaningful to you? 
Most importantly to stay honest and true to myself and do only what I really enjoy 100%. Its cheesy but Life is short — everything else is not really worth it.What celebrity or person from history do you have a crush on? 
Easily Jim Morrison.What do you want to be when you grow up? 
Content with whatever it is I am doing.What scares you most? 
Being trapped in a situation either mentally or physically. And feeling helpless. I just recently had to spend a weekend in hospital and the thought of not being able to survive on my own deeply scares me.Best piece of advice you ever received? 
To celebrate life — to remain soft and open and accept love and to fight for what really matters to me.What is a skill you wish you possessed?
Mind control, probably. Or time travel.What fictional character to you most relate to, and why?
To be honest I didn’t relate to any fictional Character in a long time, but maybe I haven’t read the right books or seen the right movies yet?Best YouTube clip you’ve ever seen?
A montage of weird Alex Turner interview snippets. Its kind of a guilty pleasure.Who can forget when Uggs became a thing? It was the mid-2000s, The Simple Life was on T.V. and Paris Hilton was wearing miniskirts with knee-high Uggs and glittery shirts that said “Dude Where’s My Couture?” Well, the fluffy boot brand has come a long way since their heyday, but they’ve definitely been trying to make it back there these last few years. I mean, if Crocs can do it…If you recall, the Ugg reboot (get it?) first started with Jeremy Scott’s ill-fated attempt to bring them back, bejeweled. That was a major fail. But then they redeemed themselves with those Y/Project x Rihanna thigh-high boots and a series of Kyle MacLachlan and Kim Gordon-led campaigns. And now that Uggs are officially back in our sartorial lexicon, they’ve gone and made sure we could wear those sheepskin booties all damn year.That’s right. The brand has released an all-new summer shoe, that frankly still looks warm af. But hey, who am I to judge? The “Fluff Yeah” slide (that’s not a pun, it’s what it’s actually called) is a sheepskin sandal that comes in black, gray and two shades of pink. So, you know, if you were still looking for the footwear to complete your summer lewk, you’re welcome.For his Off-White SS19 collection, Virgil Abloh channeled another famous fuckboy: Bart Simpson. Cowabunga dude! Presented in Paris earlier today, the collection featured a series of Simpsons imagery, along with some of Bart’s most famous phrases.“The rebel without a cause!” Abloh told DAZED. “Bart Simpson is the face of that.”An “ode to the teenager,” as Abloh described it, the collection also featured a collaboration with Doc Martens, and an homage to the late New York City artist Dondi White.Of course, Off-White has been a staple for hype machines and fuckboys ever since Abloh launched it, with the designer serving as a sort of poster child for the entire artist-slash-designer-slash-skateboarding cool guy movement himself. Now that he’s included Bart Simpson on a t-shirt? Well, we’re about to see Off-White literally everywhere — and on every guy we’ve ever hated.But, since we all can’t seem to get enough Virgil Abloh, at least we’ll be able to see his debut at Louis Vuitton menswear later this week. We can’t wait. Or, as Bart Simpson would put it, “Don’t have a cow, man.”Remember when everyone in the fashion industry was like, ‘Hey, we need to stop glamourising drugs?’ Well, apparently Raf Simons missed that memo — or really just didn’t care. For his A/W ’18 collection, the designer was inspired by all illicit substances, sending patches down the runway reading “THC,” “LSD” and “2-CB,” as well as images from Glenn O’Brien and Cookie Mueller’s famous tragicomedy (aptly titled Drugs) and legendary drug movie Christiane F. Of course, some people were pretty pissed. But you know, Simons DGAF, because today he released his AW 18 campaign and it’s all about getting high.Shot by frequent Simons collaborator, Willy Vanderperre, the images juxtapose floral still-lifes with broody model portraits, both of which are filled with some obvious and not so obvious references to drugs. Like, you know, empty drug baggies and rolled up dollar bills.The campaign also features four Christiane F.-emblazoned shirts from the collection, including one from the famous scene at the David Bowie concert (in the film, Christiane is a huge Bowie fan and gets to see him perform in Berlin; IRL Christiane was also a huge Bowie fan, and got to do a ton of drugs with him when she was on tour promoting the movie).Simons’ A/W ’18 campaign dropped just hours before the designer showed his S/S ’19 collection in Paris — his first show in the city in three seasons.Saint Laurent has tapped your fave actress/musician/human Zoë Kravitz to star beautifully in its #YSL16 campaign series. In it, she hangs out while pressure builds, wearing hot pieces from the label’s FW18 collection.We’re talking leopard print boots, rhinestone blazers and numerous fluffy situations. All things that are far too brilliant for the empty rooms flooded with tense lighting, in which she waits for something — whatever it is — to happen.“Deep into the night, beats the heart of the city,” the press release reads. “The Saint Laurent woman and men are exploring the boundaries between dream and reality. Tension exacerbates murky feelings. The sweet implosion is near.” Boom.Virgil Abloh’s latest Off-White sneaker, the CST-100, looks as if it could literally cut through time and space. It is very tech — high top, velcro wrap, made of a strong and flexi polyester/cotton combo and a very impressive sole.The style comes in a slick black and a more caj beige, both with signature arrow motifs and coloured laces detailing. They’ll retail for a cool $700 USD and will drop this Wednesday June 20 exclusively at the NY Flagship Store, EM PTY GALLERY NYC, as well as several international Off-White stores including Sydney, Melbourne, Paris, Tokyo, and Harvey Nichols and Kurt Geiger in London. Check with your local Off-White store to see if it includes your city.Prada just sent a bunch of dudes down the runway for SS19 in the kind of outfits we dream about for ourselves. We’re talking short shorts, retro tone-on-tone belts, big puffy hats and a really nice set of bags.Riffing off the previous women’s Resort 19 collection — which saw a sleek return to 90s Prada vibes — Miuccia showed little interest in dabbling in hype trends and gimmicks for the collection. Instead, she used the words “more elegant” when describing how she wanted her men to look.Jovana Markovic is based in Belgrade, Serbia, and makes really beautiful clothing for clever women. Natural materials are top for her, and a nice balance between casual and dressy and super sophisty is her vibe.She just launched her RTW brand exclusively with Assembly NY, and dream girl Ana Kraš shot the FW18 campaign in NYC. Featuring all the right things — shiny black coats and slim white denim, soft but sharp on the edges — she describes the collection as “where dreams meet reality,” and we couldn’t agree more.Name: Jovana MarkovicStarsign: LeoWhere are you from and where do you live now? 
Belgrade, Serbia.Any personal beliefs or values that are meaningful to your work? 
Imagination is everything.And what were you doing, learning or practicing before you started working on your line? 
I’ve always felt a pull to create, drawing was my first love and now fashion design allows me to express myself and see my creations take life. One of my goals was to create a line that was wearable and had the handmade quality of clothing akin to a custom piece.Can you tell me a little bit of background on the collection — any inspirations, references, important collaborations? 
The mixture of soft lines and strong structure, flowing fabric around sharp edges, feminine shaped silky dresses with the firmly sculpted leather coats, where dreams meet reality.If you could describe the collection in five words… 
Pure, dreams, smooth, strong, feminine.If the collection was a colour: PineIf it was a mood: ContentIf it was an animal: A horseIf it was a language: My collection speaks 10 languagesIf it was a place: ‘La progress’ cafe in ParisIf it was a time: MidnightIf it was a song: PJ Harvey, ‘This Is Love’If it was a season: FallIf it was a food: IkuraIf it was a famous person: PJ HarveyIf it was a YouTube video:If it was a smell: Tonka coriander candle smellIf it was a texture: MarbleIf it was a quote: “That which is like unto itself is drawn.”If it was a film: Force MajeureUnderground Sundae’s new campaign features some very cool jewellery from their new collection and a whole bunch of even cooler girls. Shot by Imogen Wilson (also cool), the campaign has a very lazy Sunday vibe, featuring some of our most-loved activities: looking cute in the bath, hanging in our undies, doing face masks and treating our pets like they’re our first borns.Get to know Underground Sundae designer, Annemieke Ytsma, and her influences on this collection below. And tap through the gallery above to`see the full campaign.Name: Annemieke YtsmaStarsign: Cancer / Aries RisingWhere are you from and where do you live now?
From Dunedin, living in Melbourne.And what were you doing, learning or practicing before you started working on your line?
That was a long time ago. I’d just finished art school and had no idea about business so I thought I’d start one.Can you tell me a little bit of background on the collection — any inspirations, references, important collaborations?
‘LobsterII’ has evolved into the never-ending collection over the past year, and we have recently added a Zodiac line ‘Rising Stars’ in collaboration with NZ poet Hera Lindsay Bird. I wanted to think about… if Underground Sundae wrote your star signs, what would that sound like? I had been a fan of Heras work and I approached her work with Underground Sundae and she (thankfully!) said yes! Collaboration is pretty central to most of my work and since the beginning of Underground Sundae I’ve been interested in how incorporating other artists can bring a different element to the jewellery. Imogen’s portraits have been an ongoing collaboration, the previous campaigns were shot in NZ so it was very exciting to have her here in Melbourne to shoot this campaign.If the collection was a colour: ScarletIf it was a mood: DreamIf it was an animal: A Camarillo white horseIf it was a language: One spoken very softlyIf it was a place: HeavenIf it was a time: The nowIf it was a song: ‘There Must Be An Angel (Playing With My Heart)’, The EurythmicsIf it was a season: March EquinoxIf it was a food: Ambrosia saladIf it was a famous person: Nastassja Kinsky in Paris TexasIf it was a smell: Warm bathwaterIf it was a texture: A handful of pearlsIf it was a quote: “There is only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that’s your
own self” — Aldous HuxleyIf it was a film: Rosemary’s BabyMexico City-native Victor Barragán (now based in New York) made a big pop on the internet way back when he first started producing tees that spanned Sex and the City and Marylin Manson. Since then, he has developed and pushed his label Barragán into territories we quite frankly have been dying to visit.Think frilled velvets, titty zips, tribal tattoo print shrugs, bat wing-y mesh bodysuits, graffiti puffs, and a truly conceptual and aesthetic approach to questioning bodies by way of movement and gender.Read on to get a little closer to Barragán’s world, and tap the gallery to see photographer Rafael Martinez’s take on the pieces in action.When you first started, what type of person do you think you were designing for?
Our garments have so many references and attitudes. We jump from one reference to another reference — the idea of overlapping different inspirations to create a new concept. Each show is really playful for us. I believe anyone who can appreciate the narrative of the process can fall in love with the brand.The label has matured greatly in the time I’ve been following… I first saw clever t-shirts then all of a sudden in was tribal shrugs and titty zips… can you walk me through the Barrágan narrative so far?
We started to play with different silhouettes lately. Each season we learn something new with the challenge to create bigger and more consistent collection. Tees became boring for us a long time ago, but it helps to create a fluid viral statement.Everyone has more than one thing going on. What are your side hustles? Or is this a side hustle to something else?
Im getting really interested in performing arts and wardrobe related fashion, this business is fun but can be really restricted at the end of the day. It’s changing all the time. I do different freelances gigs to keep the brand alive — it’s time to get and investor.And when you’re not hustling, how are you having fun?
For me the process of each collection and the experimentation in between is the fun part of my work. I like to try new things all the time, I believe you never stop learning.In what types of places do you find the people who inspire you?
Older people usually, outside the fashion world. It’s where you get more motivated to start playing with new ideas.What do you think it takes to survive in this world?
Creativity.And what do you think it takes to survive in fashion?
Patience.What are the most important things to you in casting / choosing your teams?
Models need to know the brand — sometimes we could make them feel uncomfortable with the garments or art direction.Your shows or presentations are always quite unique — are you a theatrical person?
I like the idea of bringing a show and entertaining. Like I always say: this brand is consumed through the eyes.Who do you work with to develop concepts and builds for your shows?
Ruben Gutierrez. He is my best friend and we been working together since the first show in NYC.What does your creative output reflect? Your dreams, your childhood, your fantasies?
All of them and all the things I can’t express talking or writing. I’m really shy irl.Do you remember the last dream you had?
Yes all the time, and lately I have been dreaming constantly about situations in México — interacting with family or friends I haven’t seen in years. I think it’s pure homesickness.And, your childhood, what was it like?
Honestly it was fun. I was by myself a lot, painting the walls, destroying toys and creating problems with my cousins. I was never chill and my mum didn’t like that, so she forced me to do any kind of sport Monday to Friday. And I had to work in my parent’s taco place on the weekends, then to church — I really used to hate the routine, but I always found a way to have fun. They push me to take public transportation really young, so I would go downtown by myself. I always found an excuse to not be at home or not go to church.And what did you fantasise about last?
Finding a way to be stable and have a bigger team to create more pieces and projects. I have ideas and motivation, I just need more hands to do it better and more consistent.Finally — what’s happening right now? What are you working on and what do you want people to get ready for?
We having a special group show in LA and SS19 is coming, plus another show with a different artist. I’m trying to play outside the fashion calendar just for pleasure and to have more freedom in my work.Earlier in the year, multiple women came forward accusing the brand’s co-founder, Paul Marciano, of sexual and emotional harassment. Now, Marciana has left Guess.Kate Upton was one of the first, posting on Twitter: “It’s disappointing an that such an iconic women’s brand is still empowering Paul Marciano as their creative director #metoo.” And then adding to it on Instagram: “He shouldn’t be allowed tEventually, Upton spoke more in an interview with TIME, saying Marciano forcibly kissed her, groped her breasts, asked her to get changed in front of him, asked her if she thought about him when she was posing sexy on set, and called her a “fat pig” when she wouldn’t go along with his fantasy.After Upton spoke, many more women followed. Filmmaker Sade Sellers said she’d worked with Marciana for a few years and “was too afraid to say anything, but this is true.” And a former Guess employee thanked Upton for speaking up, while sharing that she knows someone else who had similar experiences with Marciana.Guess have publicly said that Marciana “exercised poor judgment in his communications with models and photographers and in placing himself in situations in which plausible allegations of improper conduct could, and did, arise.” They also shared in a statement that Marciano made “inappropriate comments and texts and unwanted advances including kissing and groping.”They have reportedly settled with five victims, paying a total of $500,000.Kanye’s back at it. Today, the rapper released his new Yeezy campaign, featuring a group of Kim, Kylie and Paris Hilton lookalikes — oh, and they’re naked, natch. Because that’s not weird at all. But honestly, I’d be more surprised if Kanye did something normal at this point.Shot by frequent Kanye collaborator Eli Russell Linnetz, the campaign shows the Kardashian body doubles wearing a few Yeezy looks, but mostly, naked in nothing but the Yeezy Supermoon sneakers.Of course, this is nothing new. For his last campaign, Kanye recruited a group of Kim lookalikes to model the collection. But this is definitely the first time he also included a naked Kylie homage.Though most of the world is seriously creeped out by these NSFW images, I’m actually kind of into them. Really, they just prove what I’ve been saying for the last few years: there are no two people more made for each other than Kim and Kanye. “No you’re brilliant,” “No you’re brilliant,” “No you hang up first.”Ah, true love and unapologetic narcissism. What more could you want?Honestly it is so hard to be in fashion all of the time but now it is impossible. That’s because the hot new accessory, according to Zander Zhou, is no longer severed heads and baby dragons, but male pregnancy and computer eyes.The designer really rocked the boat during the London menswear shows but showing his SS19 collection of a gaggle of male models who were wearing prothetic preggas tummies. Plus make-up god Isamaya Ffrench was on board for further freak out by way of contact lenses that make us feel as though technology itself is staring into our souls.The collection, titled ‘Supernatural, Extraterrestrial & Co., explored loads of uncomfortable themes — aliens, medicine and tech, the digitalisation of humanity, and our fear of the new frontier.Calvin Klein just released their latest collection from the ongoing Calvin Klein x Andy Warhol collaboration, and it’s lit. The capsule, which features Warhol’s famous self-portraits, includes basics like denim, high-tops and t-shirts.Last year, designer Raf Simons announced the brand would be partnering with The Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts, and since then, has released a range of collections incorporating the artist’s work, from the ‘Electric Chair’-printed Spring 18 capsule, to the Calvin Klein underwear set featuring imagery from Warhol’s 1963 film Kiss, last February.The latest Calvin Klein x Andy Warhol drop is the most obvious, with Andy’s face covering all of the pieces. And though, of course, the artist won’t be alive to see people wearing his likeness, we’re pretty sure he’d be stoked about it. After all, like he always said, “I am a deeply superficial person.” Amen.Saint Laurent is gearing up to send what we expect to be an army of very sharply dressed rock’n’roll enthusiasts down a runway somewhere in New York City. We’re talking about the SS19 menswear show, to which you’ve got a better-than-front-row invitation to.There are no hints on how this will roll out but, with the brand’s recent appointment of Lennon Gallagher as its face and the NYC location, it’s likely to be high fash gritty. Pull up your screens, light a cigarette and get elbow deep in a bag of bar nuts. This thing is going to go live at 9pm NYC time, which is 11am (June 7) over here in Sydney.By publishing images of her body and self in differing truths — sometimes crying and other times being so strong and happy, Barbie Ferreira made it out of the endless scroll and into our dreams. You’ve probably seen her posing in her regular underwear on Instagram, or in real deal campaigns for brands like feminist lingerie label It’s Me And You — it was this shoot with Petra Collins, and their other collaborations, that eventually landed her a contract with IMG. Since then, Barbie has become one of the leading voices in a push to transform fashion industry norms. Whether she’s interviewing friends on her Vice docuseries, How To Behave, or sharing unpretended captions on social media, the 21-year-old multi-hyphenate is an unapologetic champion for body positivity, self-love and telling idiots on the internet to get bent. The Queens-native uses her platform to share lots of photos of her hairless cat, Mort; to encourage radical honesty among her nearly half a million followers; and to initiate a total reclaiming of the word “fat”.Alexandra Weiss: How did you get into modelling? Did you have the traditional get discovered, get an agent kind of path?Barbie Ferreira: Oh, absolutely not. I never really even thought about modelling as a thing I could ever do. I mean, I’ve always been into acting. As a kid, I was always into theater and was definitely actively trying to make acting happen for myself. One day I got a message on Tumblr like, “You should send your pictures to American Apparel.” I was 16, so I sent in some photos, and actually got called in for a test shoot. The entire time I was thinking, “This might be good for acting, but nothing’s going to come of it except maybe a retail job, which would be cool.” I definitely never thought of it as something I could make a career, because it just never even seemed like a possibility. I’ve always been super aware of how extremely thin you have to be. So, I just thought it was cool and it could maybe distract me a little from high school life in Jersey. And somehow, it’s turned into this.Those standards — of how thin you have to be — have started to change a little over the last few years. How much have you seen the industry’s attitude evolve?I see a huge difference. When I started really getting into the plus-size world when I was 18, I was very aware of the fact that I was one of the youngest models on jobs and had a significantly different body type. Before it was kind of like, “Oh you’re sexy, you’re a bombshell, you’re classically beautiful” — and it wasn’t just me, there was Paloma [Elsesser] and Diana [Sirokai] — but slowly, it just started happening and then it blew it up. It’s amazing how people have decided to give it a chance because so many people are benefiting from it. In the industry now, there are so many brands that have made clear they are open to inclusion, and agencies are seeing that, so they’re signing more girls who are bigger, or darker, or different, and we all don’t have to play this sexy, bombshell role anymore.Do you feel like there are a lot brands who are being inauthentic with their diversity, though? And does that ever make you feel pigeonholed?It’s hard because I love everyone who’s speaking out, and I respect all of the brands that are doing it. Even if it might not originally come from a genuine place, at least people are seeing it and embracing themselves and loving their bodies. I can’t hate on that. As far as being pigeonholed, it’s almost like, who cares? That’s what modelling is. You’re the sexy girl, or you’re the girl next door — you’re always getting put into different categories. But I definitely have never seen myself as any one thing. So, I’m constantly trying to reinvent myself.But you know what I mean. You go on Instagram and see a brand like Eckhaus Latta or Gypsy Sport, and you know they’re just being completely authentic to who they are as a brand by having incredibly diverse casting. Then you keep scrolling and you see something where it just feels totally forced.Sure. I mean, even on a personal level, there are a ton of girls on Instagram who I feel like are riding this body positivity train for money, or likes, or whatever. But with brands, this this isn’t something that’s just going to go away, and they need to be held accountable for keeping up with changing views of diversity. Of course, tokenism is a thing. Companies are trying to avoid backlash by adding just one person, and I’m very often that person, as are a lot of plus-size models, and that’s a big fear for us. Things are going so well now, but is this just the season’s trend? Are brands not going to be into diversity for spring? When did you start feeling more comfortable with your body?I was actually never comfortable with my body until I started modelling.Really? Yeah. I think because the hate and backlash were so strong at the beginning, and frankly, so traumatising, I just had no choice. I mean, I had 10,000 strangers on the internet telling me I look like I eat Taco Bell all day everyday, when I was actually like a size 8 16-year-old. That was really traumatising. But I truly do believe that in the toughest times, you’re reborn. You learn, you change and you’re not the same person you were before. When I started modelling, I realised how silly and crazy social media really is, and that really just changed my perspective entirely. Before I started, I wouldn’t even wear high-waisted pants because I thought they would show my love handles too much. Now, I basically show up to fancy parties wearing floss as a bikini and hope for the best. But that’s also partly because I’m able to detach myself from my body. The way you look changes so often — you age, you change your hair. I don’t define who I am based on how I look,because that’s only going to change again tomorrow. That’s why it doesn’t offend me anymore when people make fun of me.So, you see yourself as more than your body.Absolutely. And I feel like, as a model, I don’t remind myself to feel that way enough. Literally my job is how I look, and I have to change it based on what people want or don’t want. Like, “Oh this hair is in right now so you have to cut yours,” “No you can’t get a tattoo.” It’s such a weird thing because it’s my body. But in a strange way, it’s helped my self-esteem, because I learned to see myself as more than it. How else do you think you’ve grown since you first started?I’ve grown so much, even in just the last two years, because I’m still so young. I mean, the person I was then is the completely opposite of who I am now. I’ve just learned how to put things into perspective and how to not be afraid of change while making decisions for myself. Also, asking for what I want and demanding what I need, and being more confident in who I am and my ability. Before, I’d always felt like I’m just some stupid girl. But now I know I’m here for a reason. The way I move, the way I think, the way I handle myself — it might be by accident, but it’s who I am, and I’ve just learned to own that. You’ve chosen to be really open about your journey — both in terms of modelling, and your life in general — on social media. Why is that?I grew up on the internet. I was an only child and didn’t have many friends. I was always online, and I used the internet as sort of a way to connect with people who were like me. So, the internet has always been a place where I’ve been able to be vulnerable, open and communicative, and a place where I could find people who understand. I know some people look at the internet in a totally different way and think, “Okay how am I going to present myself today? How do I want to look? What time am I going to post?” but I never think about social media like that. It’s just all very organic. But I choose to be vulnerable because I’m constantly overwhelmed by these images of perfection and airbrushed bodies plastered all over Instagram, and I know people want a breath of fresh air and to see something they can relate to. Plus, I don’t have the energy to look perfect all the time. So, it’s part laziness, but also, I think people need it, because life isn’t perfect. To sell them this unrealistic dream just sets them up to fail and be disappointed.On set we started talking about AI Instagram sensation, Lil Miquela. While yes, Instagram is largely made up of what you’re referencing — these curated images of perfection — there’s also been a huge backlash to that, where women like you, have rebelled and decided to show the opposite. That’s almost become its own movement. I mean, Miquela is a digital construct of basically everything that’s cool in the world right now, and she’s got freckles, a gap in her teeth and cellulite.It’s not just about showing your cellulite, though. It’s the story behind it. As a generation, we’ve gotten to a point where we’re all just so sick of all the fake everything, and sick of feeling like we’re the only ones who have zits or a big butt. So, it’s become more common for us to put our real selves out there in an attempt to connect with each other. That’s all it really is — people looking for community, and I think it’s only going to continue to grow. Especially now, where we’re constantly bombarded with pictures of girls looking perfect in their bikinis at a never-ending party. That affects people’s self-esteem and makes them feel inadequate. Even though that’s nothing new, it’s so much more accessible now. But instead of just having to be alone in your room feeling bad about yourself, people have started to share it. Do you think that’s important, especially considering our current political climate?100%. The thing is, the internet can be fantastic, because people can get together and share ideas, share trauma and understand each other so they feel not alone. In this political climate, that’s crucial, because people are feeling alienated, they’re feeling scared, they need people to talk to because their country doesn’t seem to want to hear what they’re saying. In that way, the internet is incredibly powerful, because it’s a space where we can all come together and share ideas, share information and rebel. When your own government singles you out because of ignorant ideals, that’s incredibly difficult and makes you feel like you have no power. But the internet erases all of that because it creates an opportunity where people all around the world can come together and have conversations that matter.You obviously have a sizable following across social media. What do you think it is about what you do, and how you communicate on the internet, that’s been so appealing to people?I think about this all the time because honestly, I don’t even know if I’d follow myself. I don’t do anything special, I don’t say anything new that no one’s ever said. I just share pictures of myself and my cat, and occasionally a modelling photo. But I think it’s just the realism of it all. I don’t sugarcoat anything. I’m just me. Of course, I keep a lot of things private. But I think when people look at my page, they feel like they’re getting real insight into my life, and that’s exciting for a lot of people because they’ve been following me for so long. I mean, they’ve seen me go from having less than $5 in my wallet, complaining because I was living at home in New Jersey just wanting to move to New York. So, they’ve really seen me grow, and I think that’s inspiring — to see this normal girl on the internet that you used to follow because she posts funny memes is now actually doing something cool. Right now, we have older generations calling us completely narcissistic and the ‘Me Me Me Generation’ because of social media. But there’s also the argument that taking a selfie can be a political act, especially if you’re someone whose body rejects traditional beauty standards. Where do you stand?Selfies can be one of the most powerful things in the world, especially as a woman, because it’s very rare that we ever get to capture ourselves in our own way, and away from the male gaze. Usually, women are represented very differently from how they actually are. Particularly in the media and magazines, we’re usually seeing a male idea of what female beauty should be. So, taking a selfie takes all that power back and says, “It’s okay to feel good about yourself.” I think there’s such a stigma surrounding that for women because they want us to feel bad. That’s why we need feminism — because we’re socialised to feel inferior. We’re told to always want to be small and quiet, and that the perfect woman is agreeable and demure. We have all these rules. So, telling us selfies are narcissistic, or conceited, or whatever is just another way to make sure women hate themselves and never have any fun. God forbid we actually like who we are. Last year, you launched your show, How To Behave on Vice. What made you want to pursue that project?I just love humans and I love trying to understand humans. But I also think it was really important for me to branch out and give people the chance to hear me talk, instead of just model, because I have a lot to say. So many people only interact with me via photos I share on social media, where they’re just projecting what they think of me. This was the first time people could actually see what I’m like and what I’m passionate about.Were you nervous about moving into a new medium?Definitely. When I was growing up, I was really self-conscious all the time, like, “Oh I could never do that! Maybe when I’m 50.” But honestly, why can’t I just do it now? You don’t have to get the okay from anyone to just go out there and create. But as women, I think we’re judged a lot harder — everything we do is under a microscope. If a woman directs a film and it doesn’t do well, it’s because she’s a woman, and she won’t get to work again. So, it’s hard to get over that fear that you’re just going to disappoint everyone. But it’s cool, I’m working on it. We all are. And I’m never content with anything that I’m doing — I always want to do more. How do you feel about the term ‘plus-size model?’ I go back and forth with this. When I first started modelling, I really didn’t care about the term because I just thought of it as a category, like blonde, high fashion, commercial. Now, I just want to transcend it. At this point, though, I don’t think it matters what word you call it, because the goal here is just to normalise all different types of beauty and body types, so that they’re no longer categories, just ‘beautiful’ and ‘model.’ Until that time, I don’t really care what people say. I call it fat modelling.But that can ben a loaded word itself. I know some women are interested in reclaiming it, while others still find it incredibly offensive. I call myself and my friends fat all day, but that’s because we’re all using it lovingly, and understand the total shit we’ve all had to go through. Of course, if you’re using it in a derogatory way, that’s terrible. But we are fat. Plain and simple. We’re fat in an industry of size zero girls. So, it’s fun to let go of that heaviness of this word that has had so much weight to it — no pun intended. I mean, fat was a terrible, terrible word for me growing up. When I was able to reclaim it and call myself fat, and identify with it, that was the best moment ever. That was the moment I really started to feel free. Like, all those times those kids made fun of me and called me fat — well, I don’t care. I’m making money off of being fat. What are you doing?A zine is as good as a getaway, especially in the case of Emma Mulholland’s sunny second label, Holiday, which has just released a sort of postcard project that involves photos in zines and on tees.Titled ‘Wish You Were Here’, the project looks at fashion, travel and quite often tanned bodies on beach towels, through photos and collages. You know the vibe. Em was inspired when she was looking through the photographers of 80s ex-paparazzo photog, Donald Terpstra, who at times took images of perfect days at the beach — snapshots instead of selfies.With contributions from Byron Spencer, Imogene Barron, Ryan Kenny, Ellen Virgona, Rachel Rutt, Kitty Callaghan and so many more, you can cruise through the gallery above to get a peek inside the zine. It’s on sale here, and you can head here to nab a postcard tee while you’re at it.The eyewear brand doing the absolute most in terms of collabs and innovative design has gotta be Gentle Monster. The Seoul-based label has just announced its first ever European pop-up, which happens to be at Selfridges within The Corner Shop from June 4, along with an exclusive capsule collection to go with it.For the capsule collection, they’re reimagined the Afix frame in three new colourways including lenses of yellow, pink and blue. Cool, but it gets cooler.For the pop-up, Gentle Monster introduce us to a tribe of extra-terrestrial creatures called Traders. They boost through space looking for new territories that might host minerals and supplies that they can use for space ship things or fashions or trading. We suspect they’ll be just as brilliant as the Passengers in Beijing and the Miners they sent to NYC.On June 4 the Gentle Monster Traders land at Selfridges, unloading minerals and trying to keep their prized Konchylions in order — these are shellfish with mystic powers btw — and they want you to be there to witness it.If sci-fi adventures in London are too far flung for you, or if maximalist aviators aren’t quite yet your thing, Gentle Monster have also recently collaborated with Ssense for two exclusive colourways on their tiny little Matrix-style frames called Vector. Something for every being.Eytys just popped out a very sexy collab with magnificent homo artist Tom of Finland. Titled ‘Magnum’ and described as “rock hard”, because of course, the shoes are army-boot inspired canvas high-tops printed with four ToF graphics. They’re really tough and come in a special box that would look great filled with secret items and slid under your bed.To photograph the range, Bruce LaBruce was very appropriately wrangled. “I’ve always made films containing explicit homosexual sex as a way of being unapologetic and in-your-face about being queer,” LaBruce says. “A kind of sexual militancy borne out of the early years of the gay liberation movement.”“I have always been attracted to the direct and militant depiction of the leather scene and gay life as imagined by Tom of Finland. I’ve also been influenced by his strong aesthetics to portray gay sexuality. For me, style is as important as meaning and content to express this kind of hardcore gay sexuality.”The collab is already available to shop, and you can do it right here.Berlin-based label OIL likes to spill between states of feminine and masculine, intimate and rough, soft and strong. When we look at it, we see a colourful and textural connectedness that practices what it preaches. Produced independently in Berlin, using entirely sustainable energy sources, the brand has committed to leaving behind as little waste as possible and supporting their local makers.So, with reference to times of fighting for a brighter future, OIL’s AW18 collection feels truly authentic. With large collars, big patterns and a thrift store blanket colour palette, the collection evokes a time of movements, a push for freedoms, and young people being smart and loud about what they want. A sentiment that is not lost on this day’s whole situation.Get to know Olive, who heads the label, below. And above, roll through the AW18 lookbook.Name: Olive BrownStarsign: AriesWhere are you from and where do you live now?
Born in LA, raised in NY, now living and working in BerlinAny personal beliefs or values that are meaningful to you?
All creative output should have a purpose and a message. There is too much to be said to say nothing at all.And what were you doing, learning or practicing before you started working on your clothing line?
I left NY in search of something new and wound up in Berlin, running around and meeting fascinating people who inspired me to make clothes that reflected their desire for the freedom of self-expression. The line has of course evolved over time but I am still inspired and driven by those around me.Can you tell me a little bit of background on the collection — any inspirations, references, important collaborations?
The collection is very inspired by the 70s – a time when people felt passionately about fighting for a brighter future. Certain elements evoke a nostalgia for the past that is very poignant today. We also played a lot with the concept of the suit and the idea of it as a tool of strength and empowerment. Together these components suggest a way to be strong, to be powerful, to fuel positive change.If you could describe the OIL lifestyle in five words?
Brave, bold, empowered, outspoken, acceptingIf the collection was a colour: Orange/brownIf it was a mood: Funky freshIf it was an animal: Leafy sea dragonIf it was a language: PortugueseIf it was a place: Berkeley in the 70sIf it was a time: Golden hour, just before sunset, sometime in OctoberIf it was a song: Chaka Khan, ‘I’m Every Woman’If it was a season: AutumnIf it was a food: PapayaIf it was a famous person: Angela Davis or Gloria SteinemIf it was a YouTube video: Soul TrainIf it was a smell: Cinnamon and cigarettesIf it was a texture: SatinIf it was a quote: “We’re the future, we’re the change”If it was a film: Belladonna of SadnessWho said fashion couldn’t ever be nice? Today, designer Jonathan Anderson has released a limited edition collection of art tees for Loewe, with all proceeds going to an AIDS charity. The range, designed by artist David Wojnarowicz, consists of four original t-shirts and will benefit Visual Aids, a foundation dedicated to promoting the work of HIV+ artists.Wojnarowicz himself is an outspoken activist whose work aims to shatter AIDS stigma and start important conversations about the disease. Loewe chose four works by the artist created between 1982 and 1990 for the range.Of course, it’s going to sell out super quickly. Anderson only released 400 shirts that you can buy from London’s Dover Street Market, Loewe’s London location on Mount Street or online.It’s a well-know fact that Gucci are doing better and better every season. And just when we were starting to think that nothing could top severed heads and baby dragons, they go ahead and show in a famous cemetery. Dead.For their Resort 19 collection, Gucci took over the Alyscamps burial ground in Arles, France. But don’t think presenting a fashion show at a super dope cemetery is enough for Alessandro Michele. To make things even more goth, the designer covered the runway with fire and soundtracked the event with a ton of sepulchral sounds and brooding bells.The collection itself didn’t disappoint my inner goth, either. Michele presented a Roman Catholic-inspired range, filled with beaded crosses, black velvet and dramatic detailing in the shape of a skeleton. It’s just too bad Heavenly Bodies wasn’t next year’s Met Gala theme.The brand didn’t just stick with all black, though. Michele went for the usual mix of clashing prints, pinks and florals, giving us a kind of Edward Scissorhands-type goth next to the more classic kind. Our favorites were definitely the kooky kind of Victorian witch looks and we’ve definitely got to get our hands on those velvet cross chokers. R.I.P. my savings, you know?Want to hear something crazy? Lennon Gallagher is the new face of Saint Laurent because, you know, celebrity spawn are the new supermodels, okay?Earlier today, the brand released their FW18 menswear campaign featuring Liam Gallagher’s teenage son. Shot by David Sims (and obviously to the tune of The Velvet Underground, because rock ‘n’ roll and stuff), the black and white imagery stars Lennon in Anthony Vaccarello’s latest collection.The 18-year-old first modeled for the brand at their FW18 presentation. After making his debut on the Topman runway last summer, he’s also worked for Lanvin, Burberry and MSGM, who tapped him for their FW17 campaign.As Vaccarello prepares to show his new Saint Laurent menswear collection in New York next week, we might be seeing more of this teen heartthrob again very soon. In the meantime, though, you can watch him in the campaign video below.Helmut Lang always kills it with their casting, campaigns included. I mean, earlier this month they launched an 80s-style dating service in the form of their Pre-Fall 18 campaign featuring a group of New York City cool kids and an 85-year-old retired speech pathologist named Jay. How you can beat that? Well, leave it good ol’ folks at Helmut Lang to find a way — this time, casting a group of taxi cab drivers from London, Paris, Hong Kong and Tokyo to model their latest collection.Of course, this isn’t the first time the brand has enlisted taxi cabs (or drivers) for their marketing. In 1997, Helmut Lang became the first label to ever advertise on top of a taxi, and last year, they tapped a bunch of New York City cabbies to help them celebrate 20 years in NYC.This time, the brand is taking things a step further — all the way to Paris, London, Tokyo and Hong Kong. Per the initiative, the label asked emerging photographers in each city to capture cab drivers wearing Helmut Lang, showcasing each region’s cultural landscape and the collection, natch. Along with the images, the brand also released a series of videos introducing the drivers.In London, photographer Tom Emmerson shot a driver with his iconic black cab. Kenta Nakamura captured the bustling streets of Tokyo, while Patrick Welde photographed a female cabbie along her route in Paris. And for her images, Alexandra Leese shot drivers in Hong Kong. The brand also re-released Alex Lee’s New York City photos, where he captured drivers wearing Helmut Lang as they posed alongside their Helmut Lang-topped taxis. Meta, for sure.The collection itself is basically the same as last years, but in a few more colourways, and it’s already available online.It seems Eckhaus Latta won’t just be fashion world darlings anymore. The New York-based duo has been chosen by The Whitney Museum to launch a new exhibition as part of their emerging artist series in their first floor gallery. Opening August 3, Eckhaus Latta: Possessed will be a three-part installation that examines different facets of the fashion industry, from “advertising and the consumer experience to voyeurism.” Beginning with a series of photographs that explore the brand’s outsider ethos in relation to the industry’s often meticulous aesthetic, the focal point of the exhibition will include a real retail setup created in collaboration with a bunch of the brand’s favorite artists, where museum goers can buy exclusive pieces made specifically for the show.Founded in 2011 by friends (and former RISD classmates) Mike Eckhaus and Zoe Latta, the label has quickly earned a spot as one of fashion’s favorite emerging brands. Known for their innovative mix of texture and fabric, as well as their inclusive casting (their runways were diverse long before it was cool), Eckhaus Latta uses fashion to pose larger questions about the current state of the industry. The exhibit, which also features a space where visitors can surveil the rest of the exhibition, showcases the ways in which the brand always likes to push boundaries.Eckhaus Latta: Possessed opens August 3 until October 8 at The Whitney Museum in Manhattan.Yesterday, Gucci announced they’d be returning to Paris this season, and today, Raf Simons followed suit. After showing his last three collections in New York, the Belgian designer has decided to return to the city where he first began his career.“Following three successful seasons in New York, Raf Simons will be showing his spring/summer 19 collection in Paris on June 20 at 9:30pm,” said the designer, in a statement.Simons has never been a man of many words.Our favourite NYC cool girl brand, MadeMe, has teamed up with Converse on an all new collection of 90s-inspired streetwear (think: that girl you always wanted to be friends with in high school, meets downtown New York City). Inspired by 90s queer culture and rave wear, the Converse x MadeMe capsule features tracksuits, t-shirts and the platform One Stars of our junior high school dreams.For the campaign, the brands tapped MadeMe favourite Mayan Toledano to shoot Madonna’s daughter (and ultimate cool girl) Lourdes Leon in a series of dreamy bedroom scenes. Wearing the collection, Lourdes embodies the no fucks riot grrrl spirit of the Converse x MadeMe collab.“A cool girl. Independent, who will take risks and not worry about what everyone else is wearing or doing,” said MadeMe creative director Erin Magee in a press release about the type of girl who will wear the range. “It’s a girl who is attracted to authenticity and wants to explore street, rave, queer and 90s subculture.”Founded around 2007 by Magee, MadeMe is the feminist streetwear label reclaiming the boys club nature of skateboard culture. The “by girls, for girls” brand fuses skate gear with the effortless punk vibe of 90s-era X-Girl, crafting wearable pieces that are feminine and fucking cool. Also inspired by the counterculture worlds of raving and skating, One Star is Converse’s radical older sister — and the perfect match for MadeMe. Launching this Friday, their collaboration pays homage to the outsider ethos that has influenced both brands.But the collection isn’t the only thing that references New York’s old underground. For the launch of the collab, Converse and MadeMe created a Lower East Side pop-up shop featuring Boris Zuborev, the St. Marks shoe repair god that basically invented platform shoes. Back in the 90s — and before he was booted from his famous hole-in-the-wall location on St. Marks — Boris used to create platforms out of everyday shoes. Ravers, goths, punks and fashion girls would all trek down to his East Village location and wait 15 minutes while Boris would give their Chucks or One Stars a 10 inch platform heel. At the event, customers could do the same to their Converse x MadeMe One Stars, which come in both yellow and green.And though you won’t be able to get the Boris platform treatment, starting this Friday, you can buy the Converse x MadeMe collection here.Ffixxed Studios were once making fresh garb outta Melbourne, which is where we first fell in weird love with them, but have since relocated to China’s Wutong Mountain. This comes after a few stints in Berlin (where they launched), New York and Hong Kong. So, what a pleasure it was to see their AW18 collection IRL, trotting down the runway at Kazakhstan’s Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Almaty. Shout outs to WeChat!The collection featured not just super contemporary designs — a positive mix between sculptural and relaxed — but it also dealt out a range of really interesting fabrications. From the hand-woven digital images of packaging that really exists in their studio and integrated scarf details, to the adhesive tape detailing and knits with quilted panels.Toeing unconventional aesthetics is absolutely a drive for the label. So much that when founders Fiona Lau and Kain Picket clocked the pool at Almaty’s Shera Park Inn, they quickly arranged to shoot a selection of the looks on location. Tap through above to take a look, and read on below to get deep on the collection.Starsign/s: Both Taurus!Any personal beliefs or values that are meaningful to you?
Right now we’re focused on just doing what we’re really invested in personally, actually having fun with it and making sure that everyone in the company has the same kind of experience.Can you tell me a little bit of background on the collection — any inspirations, references, important collaborations?
We were looking at materials generally considered dull or mundane, such as packing tape and cardboard — stuff that’s always in the studio. We wanted to take a more DIY, ad hoc approach to the collection.And you just showed your collection at MBFW Almaty — how did that come about?
Aya was friends with Fiona from a big WeChat group, and then she asked us if we would want to do a show in Kazakhstan, and of course we were really excited!Did you enjoy it? What are some highlights or takeaways from the trip?
It was really amazing! We love the 90s interiors, snow-capped mountains, city neon lights, soviet-era architecture, frozen lakes and super beautiful people!If the collection was a colour: Purple and green check
If it was a mood: Sitting bum forward on the wide base sofa / Sunday evening light working in a hotel room watching TV thinking about ordering more room service
If it was an animal: Chinese crested dog
If it was a language: WeChat stickers
If it was a place: Poolside, Shera Park Inn Almaty
If it was a time: Finishing the last bit of work before you ready to go out
If it was a song: Meiko Nakahara – Dance in the MemoriesIf it was a season: Autumn / winter obvs
If it was a food: Curly wurly / avocado
If it was a famous person: Rocco Silano the magician
If it was a YouTube video:If it was a smell: Toasted Marshmallow / Langham candles
If it was a texture: Hotel linen
If it was a quote: “Never a dull moment.”
If it was a film: Big Momma’s HouseFirst Thoughts:
We were so excited to see the China-via-London label Still Still Studios, founded by four women who seem to like feathers, sparkles, see-through plastics and breezy chiffons in equal measure. This collection was OTT feminine on first glance, but little details like knuckle duster rings, some Kate Bush / Stevie Knicks witchwear and exposed bum cheeks gave it a very fun staunchness.Feels Like:Looks Like:Sounds Like:The Verdict:
Pink is the toughest colour.First Thoughts:
Ten Pieces took inspo from rude boys and rude girls, 1973 NYC and Buffalo Girls. Models came out almost dancing in unisex garb — mostly streetwear stuff like layered tees, relaxed pants and bucket hats, taken up a notch with cool shirting and fresh outerwear — and broke into full squad dance on the Icebergs balcony at the end of the show. It was super chill and fun and now we’re going to be listening to Neneh Cherry all weekend.Feels Like:Looks Like:Sounds Like:The Verdict:
We’ll be tying our trench coats around out waists from now on.First Thoughts:
Melbourne band Client Liaison took their Aussie parody act from song to suit for their Deluxe Line collection. On red earth, they sent out some pretty hot beachwear with high attention to prints and embellishments — boots and dresses loaded with souvenir pins were a definite highlight. At the end of it all, the guys strutted out and sung a song about the front row, dancing to blushing applause, before pouring a bottle of plonk on themselves.Feels Like:Looks Like:Sounds Like:The Verdict:
Brings home the night time swell.First Thoughts:
Deadly Ponies called their collection ‘Devotion’ and we think that might have something to do with how hopelessly devoted we’ve all been to their handbags for years and year. Models were swathed in beautiful sunset silks and armed with the goods: Italian leathers in traditional form as well as metallic, hand-tooled clasps broaches and v cool ring handles, plus a very trendy bag within a clear bag situation.Feels Like:Looks Like:Sounds Like:The Verdict:
Still hopelessly devoted to you.First Thoughts:
This is the kind of femininity that we can get behind. The full colour palette is rich and fun, but their pairings are super sophisticated. The pieces float like lady-like clothing, but here and there you’ll see a bit of masculine tailoring that keeps it strong. Plus, it’s 100% silky!Feels Like:Looks Like:Sounds Like:The Verdict:
We are ready for Pereira Fitzgerald’s modern Australian woman, and we wanna be her/be best friends with her.Byron Bay label Thrills have gone and done the good thing and collaborated with Jason Lee Parry on their new campaign. Titled ‘True Romance’ it features none other than the incredibly cool and pretty Ashley Smith and pro skater Braydon Szafranski and, together, they live out a recklessly abandoned love story on top of sand and hot cars.The campaign shows off key styles from the Denim 18 drop, which the pair altered and personalised on a road trip through the desert. Very romantic.Tap through the gallery above to get a load of the campaign. And, if you see yourself looking just as free and easy as these two in a pair of Thrills, email us at promotions@oystermag.com with ‘Thrills’ in the subject title and your name, the country you are from and your idea of ‘true romance’ in the body copy. The lucky competition winner will be getting $1,000 in product from Thrills and 4 x archive copies of Oyster Magazine.The competition is open from 17-31 May 2018 and the winner will be contacted by 5 June 2018. Entires are limited to one per reader, and please click here for full terms and conditions.This year has been a moment of reckoning for the fashion industry. Ever since Hollywood adopted the #MeToo and #TimesUp movements, models began speaking out about the sexual abuse and harassment they’ve experienced at the hands of leading photographers, designers and agencies, hoping to finally transform the injustices within the industry. Today, over 100 models, including Teddy Quinlivan, Doutzen Kroes and Mila Jovovich signed an open letter as part of the newly launched RESPECT Program that urges brands and agencies to adopt safer working environments for all models and other employees.“As models, our images serve a commercial purpose, but our bodies remain ours,” it reads. “We are calling on agencies, publishing companies and fashion brands to join RESPECT, a program that is rooted in commitment to real change.”In partnership with Model Alliance, which was founded by former model Sarah Ziff, RESPECT encourages models to share their experiences in order to stress the need for change within the industry.“We are also calling on fellow models to share their experiences and add their voices to make RESPECT as comprehensive as possible,” says the open letter.Their goal, it states, is to “enable a working environment in which creative collaboration and self-expression flourishes, and everyone can work without fear of harassment, abuse, discrimination or violence.” To do so, they plan to “create a workplace of dignity and respect,” “educate all models and stakeholders on their rights and responsibilities,” “protect transparency and models’ right to speak up,” “go beyond voluntary company policies to enforceable commitments” and “address economic vulnerability.”“The conversation on the way models are treated has finally started to pick up traction and attention, but solutions to these problems have been introduced by companies and organizations without including models themselves in the dialogue,” says Quinlivan on the RESPECT website. “The Model Alliance’s priority is to create a safer industry where models at any point in their career can work in an environment free of abuse of any kind.” Everyone whose ever worn heels knows how good it feels at the end of the day to just to take those fucking shoes off. And guess what? Celebrities — they’re just like us! Walking down the red carpet at Cannes yesterday, Kristen Stewart decided to just say, ‘Fuck it,’ and take her Louboutins off.While, yeah, the move doesn’t seem like a huge deal, but just a few days ago, the actress, along with 81 other Hollywood women, staged a red carpet march demanding equal pay and representation. Going heel-less seems like another play in that direction, taking aim at the discomfort women face while trying to fit into stupid red carpet beauty standards.“If you’re not asking guys to wear heels and a dress, you cannot ask me either,” K-Stew told The Hollywood Reporter last year. And this year, she told everyone!First Thoughts:
The naughty boys of MBFWA did not disappoint. Double Rainbouu showcased the best casting, the best choreography with models ripping around corners at an uncomfortable fast pace, blaring soundtrack, and an old favourite venue — The Lansdowne. As for the collection, it featured loads of leisurewear, their signature printed shirting, and some great swim stuff. It’s fashion for people who cbf with fashion.Feels Like: Looks Like:Sounds Like:The Verdict:
Local pubs are the best places to be before, after and during fashion shows tbh.First Thoughts:
This is Karla Špetić’s 10th year doing great things in fashion. Go Karla! For the label’s anniversary, the focus was pretty selfless. The 2016 doco A Plastic Ocean struck a chord with Karla, and it lead her collection. “According to the documentary, 8 million tonnes of plastic are dumped into our oceans, how can you look at this breathtaking beach and not want to protect it,” she said. “In this collection I have included some pieces made from plastic bubble wrap. They won’t go into production, but I wanted to use them as a talking point for all the plastics that are destroying our oceans and precious marine life” Also: Crocs!Feels Like:Looks Like:Sounds Like:The Verdict:
We will absolutely be recycling our bubblewrap as fashions next season.First Thoughts:
Lee Mathews have put incred thought into this collection. From the set design (a lush grassy strip that we so desperately wanted to lay on) to the casting, from the soundtrack (which was direct and kept things from becoming whimsical) to the colour palette. The flowing dresses, semi-sheer and layered in their prints, and more structured pieces trimmed with blues were highlights. Plus the accessories! Those bright red earrings, floppy hats and waist bags. So good!

Feels Like:Looks Like:Sounds Like:The Verdict:
It’s defs not too early to call this a favourite for the week.First Thoughts: 
Albus Lumen makes clothes for cool girls on holiday. Or, maybe, cool girls who live life like a holiday. Models swished around large-scale terracotta pot sculptures, wearing washed teals, burnt reds and forrest greens. Lots of big buttons, hair scarfs, and chilled-out textures by way of silks, sheers and corduroy were featured.Feels Like:Looks Like:Sounds Like:The Verdict: 
We basically just wanna know who’s buying our plane ticket.Ever since Rihanna first announced she would be releasing a lingerie line, people have been going nuts. Well, the time has finally arrived and SAVAGE x FENTY will drop tomorrow.Unfortunately, Rih hasn’t offered up a ton of information about the collection, instead dropping subtle hints and previews across Instagram. Here’s what we do know, though:In an exclusive preview with Vogue, the ‘Work’ singer revealed the brand would include 90 pieces of lingerie, sleepwear and accessories, including four capsule capsules within the main line. The core collection that RiRi’s dubbed ‘On The Reg’ (and previewed via Instagram), will include bras and undies in every shade of nude, as well as a few other everyday pieces. The ‘U Cute’ capsule is filled with sweet lacy pieces in pinks and blush, and the ‘DAMN’ line has sexy rompers, garters and bodysuits. The final capsule, the ‘Black Widow’ is Rihanna’s take on BDSM-wear. And that includes handcuffs. A Twitter account called @FentyStats got a hold of a list of Savage x Fenty merchandise and its price points, and apparently, starting tomorrow you’ll be able to buy Rihanna-approved $18 handcuffs.Everything else will be pretty affordable, as well. According to Vogue, bras will range from $39 to $59, t-shirt bras will run from $29 to $34, underwear will cost $14.50 to $29 and other items, like bodysuits and robes, will all land under $100. The collection will also follow Rihanna’s ethos of inclusivity and body positivity, including sizes that are often left out of the lingerie market. Savage x Fenty will run from a size XS to a 3XL, and include cup sizes from a 32A to a 44DD.As for her thoughts on lingerie in general? “Women should be wearing lingerie for their damn selves,” Rihanna told Vogue. “[…] I want people to wear Savage x Fenty and think, ‘I’m a bad bitch.’ I want women to own their beauty.” Though, since it’ll probably sell out in less than a minute, you might want to find another way to do so. But just in case you’re up early, you can buy Savage x Fenty here.Gucci has finally dropped their Dapper Dan collaboration. Featuring a number of suits and tracksuits, the collection is a nod to the 80s and 90s hip-hop style Dan has become famous for. Of course, this collab has been a longtime coming, with Alessandro Michele first ripping off, err, referencing the Harlem mainstay in his Cruise 2018 show last year.After fashion fans and Instagram critics Diet Prada called it out, Gucci tapped Dan to star in their AW17 tailoring campaign. Shot on the streets of New York City, the images show Dan standing proudly in a collection of tailored suits — a nice place to land after making his name using bootleg Gucci fabric.Dapper Dan got his start in the 80s in New York City, creating fashionable bootlegs for all of hip-hop’s elite. Sadly, he had to close shop in 1992, becoming just another victim of the city’s gentrification.Since Gucci sent their Dapper Dan-inspired look down the runway last year, the designer has made a serious comeback. And now, he’s got an official Gucci collab to prove it.The collection, which will be sold exclusively at the brand’s new SoHo location in New York before a wider release later this year, includes men’s and women’s looks and accessories.In the foothills of the Trans-Ili Alatau mountains sits a city called Almaty — Kazakhstan’s largest city and the home to a fairly young Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week that just celebrated it’s fifth year. Oyster had the great privilege of tagging along  and getting to know the local designers as well as our much-loved, once Australian-based, now China-based, Ffixxed Studios. Thank you to the MBFWA founders and owners and doers Zhanel Bertayeva, Dana Kaip, Yan Ray and Aya Tazabek!Designers from Almaty that caught our eye were —Crowd fave Zherebtsov, who opened the show with an incense ceremony and blinking images of street style from all over Asia, followed up with cool chaotic looks to match; Kamila Moor who went so lady-like with air-puffed sleeves, but also tested that cool unease you see in 90s Miu Miu with unconventional fabric pairings, embellishments and styling tricks like half-blazers as belts; Aisho’s vintage-y power women who wore big shoulders, little waists and tough femininity; and of course Maria Sariyeva, who just knocked it outta the park with scrunchy belts, bright knits, silky layers and headpieces that were beyond our wildest dreams.ICYMI the Met Gala’s red carpet event happened on Monday night and everyone turned up in their absolute best Sunday best. But of course you didn’t miss it because Rihanna’s meta Galliano look, Cardi’s Moschino pearls, Lena Waithe’s pride cape of godly proportions, Zendaya’s battle clothes and Grimes’ date were all the frig over your feeds.What you may have missed, though, was Beyoncé’s appearance as the Holy Ghost. Of course, not a real appearance as she decided to take a last min vacay, but an internet joke made by the hilarious people who live online. See, or don’t see, for yourself:You’d best know Tania and Roman from their super catchy work as photography duo Synchrodogs, but right now we’re looking at their work on the 100% charitable jewellery project called Crystaltania. With this, they piece together bright and brilliant sculptural earrings and necklaces that obviously make your face better but, in their words, “make the world a little better” too.Each piece is uniquely crafted from beads they collect from all over the world and is totally affordable. Every time you spend money on a one-off pair, it’s sent to a charity of their choice and you’ll get to learn about it via a postcard that gets delivered with your jewels. It could be an orphanage in Ukraine that gets bed linen thanks to your purchase, it could be arctic foxes that get saved from poachers, or it could be rescue animals getting food and homes.Get to know more about their work below, fall in love with their jewellery in the gallery above, and head to the instagram to buy.Mysterious fashion designer Martin Margiela is the subject of a new documentary directed by Reiner Holzemer — who did the Dries Van Noten documentary, Dries. Titled Without Compromise, it’s due for a debut at Cannes later this month and a release in 2019.“We are thrilled to work on the story of such an enigmatic ​and mysterious ​designer,” Ana Vicente, head of sales, at London-based Dogwoof told Variety. “And even more so given that, extraordinarily, it’s the first time Margiela has agreed to be part of any film about his life or work.” Yep, you read it right, it’s completely Margiela-approved.To look back at archival footage and Margiela’s memories since starting his label in 1988 — plus working previously for Jean-Paul Gaultier and intermittently at Hermès — will be pretty incredible considering he’s never done a full interview before and it’s said that only one picture of him exists (taken in 1997, and not verified). Below, some bits to get you frothing.Fashion is all about perception. It’s your way to tell the world exactly who you are. And as our understanding of gender identity has continued to change, so has our way of presenting femininity. That’s what a new exhibition at the New Orleans Museum of Art explores.Through photographs and archival pieces from designers like McQueen, Margiela and Gypsy Sport, A Queen Within examines the symbolic nature of modern womanhood through seven archetypal personalities. Featuring work by artists like Charlie Le Mindu, Hideki Seo and Fantich & Young, as well as designs by Pam Hogg, Iris Van Herpern and more, the exhibition challenges traditional beauty standards and blurs the lines of what it means to be a girl.And if you can’t make it all the way to New Orleans, check out our gallery to see some of our favorite pieces and photos from the show.‘A Queen Within’ is on view now until May 28 at the New Orleans Museum of Art.McQueen, a hero to so many, is the subject of a new documentary titled McQueen. And with the first full trailer we have real deal goosebumps.A pioneer, completely, especially with fashions current digital obsession — when thinking about CGI models like Lil Miquela and drones carrying handbags down the runway — he famously approached the idea early on with robots painting dresses and a hologram of Kate Moss.He also grabbed feminism by the balls when he famously said “I want people to be afraid of the women I dress.” He carried an undeniable power and seemed to be a rock that couldn’t be broken. The documentary explores this, and of course explores his natural vulnerability — the designer, tortured, hung himself at age 39. “The fragility of life, it can all be discarded quite easily,” McQueen says into the camera. “Then you’re gone.”Raf Simons is having another sample sale. Last year, the designer returned to his native Antwerp and sold a shit load of clothes for really cheap prices. And, since no one got knifed over a t-shirt, Simons is doing it again.Starting tomorrow, the designer will be selling apparel, shoes, accessories and fabrics at seriously discounted prices. Unfortunately, the sale will be taking place in Antwerp, but look at this way — you can buy a plane ticket since you’ll be saving so much on a SS18 Joy Division shirt.There aren’t a ton of details about the event, but here’s what we do know:A ton of people will be lining up outside of a warehouse for the next few days just to buy Raf Simons pieces at up to 90% off. Is there anything else important? Our mates over at Tbilisi sure know how to turn it on. They invited us over for their FW18 presentations and we found a whole lot of garb that we wanted to buy and wear immediately. We rounded up a couple of our favourite designers from the week, who piqued our interest with things like an all-in-one balaclava and knitted sweater situation from Lasha Jokhadze, silky dresses for 80s zombies from Sayya, the ultimate rhinestone gloves from Ani Datukishvili, and the most incred polka dot sleeves from Tsite by Tamara Tsiteladze. Scroll through the gallery above and check coolest Georgian girl Anita Janashvili werking every piece.Earlier this month Gucci released one helluva eyewear campaign that features something we can all wrap our decapitated heads, or mouths, around: ice cream.Gucci have ditched the alien territories and operating rooms and instead went for a sunny and surreally normal Venice Beach boardwalk for the campaign backdrop. Models Stella Lucia and Dwight Hoogendijk, and beaut actress Ni Ni, show off the range of brightly tinted sunnies and super sophisticated shades, while frozen treats drip all over their maximally adorned fingers. And this is exactly where we want to be right now.Watch the campaign film starring Ni Ni below, and roll through the gallery above to catch all three sun and cream-soaked lookers in behind the scenes glory — where you can see the eyewear, with carefully curved frames and interlocking G hinges, as well as some of the season’s best accessories (that gold wreath headband!) in high detail.** Shop the Gucci SS18 Eyewear Collection **Name: Katherine WuNickname: KatStar sign: SagittariusWhere are you from and where do you live now? 
I grew up in Sydney then moved to Canberra. But now I’m back in Syd!!What do you like to do/hope to do outside of modelling? 
I hope to own my own small business one day.What’s your favourite time of day? 
When the sun is just about to set.What inspires you most? 
The realisation that my dreams are attainable and my mumma.What songs or albums are soundtracking your life atm? 
A lot of Rejjie Snow and Night Lovell.Any personal beliefs or values that are meaningful to you? 
The word ‘sonder’, realising that each random person you pass by everyday is living a life as vivid and complex as your own – populated with ambitions, worries etc…What celebrity or person from history do you have a crush on? 
Steve Lacy.What do you want to be when you grow up? 
Happy and someone I can be proud of.What scares you most? 
Time.Best piece of advice you ever received? 
My boyfriend tells me to always be nice, be humble and be grateful. Also never pass up the chance to pee. Just go even if you don’t think you need to.What is a skill you wish you possessed? 
I wish I never stopped learning to play the piano.What fictional character to you most relate to, and why? 
Gene from Bob’s Burgers because he’s dopey.Best YouTube clip you’ve ever seen? 
I like the vice documentaries.Can you send us a selfie? 
Here’s a throwback of me and my kitty.Name: Helena GriersonNickname: HelStar sign: VirgoWhere are you from and where do you live now?
I’m from Helsinki, Finland and currently live in Los Angeles.What do you like to do/hope to do outside of modelling?
I’m a designer.What inspires you most?
My friends and travelling to places I’ve never been before.What songs or albums are soundtracking your life atm?
I’ve been listening to my friend Dj Fitz’s international psychedelic music podcast, DOODcast, again.Any personal beliefs or values that are meaningful to you?
Femmes supporting femmes.What do you want to be when you grow up?
I want to retire and live on a big estate so I can rescue and foster dogs.What scares you most?
Heights, but I’m conquering my fear.Best piece of advice you ever received?
Sometimes it’s easier to just apologise even if you aren’t in the wrong.What is a skill you wish you possessed?
I wish I could dance really well.What fictional character to you most relate to, and why?
Wednesday Addams.Best YouTube clip you’ve ever seen?
I love watching Kazuo Ohno’s Butoh videos.A Rihanna-related instagram account has been opened under the handle @SavageXFenty and who cares, right? Wrong. The account has a blue check mark of verification and only follows Rihanna. This is a real thing.The account only has two posts, which were uploaded in the last 24 hours. One shows TV static and (probably) Rihanna’s cleavage, and demands, “Don’t change dat channel…” The other, some peek-a-boo footage of Riri.While everyone is fanging for a new music video, it definitely feels like this is going to be about her rumoured lingerie line. Either one would suffice rn, obvs.Gucci are working with Italian artist Maurizio Cattelan — the guy who makes some of the most fun to look at sculptures, including his very famous Pope being hit by a meteorite, and is the founder of surrealist art mag Toilet Paper. Together, they’re exploring imitation, appropriation, the concept originality and the process of adding or duplicating. Reverent, in a time of counterfeit culture and @diet_prada.The film preludes a collaboration that’s expected to take place in Shanghai on October 10.“From its very first line, The artist is present is an act of appropriation. The least you can expect for an exhibition project curated by Maurizio Cattelan and powered by Alessandro Michele’s Gucci,” a statement from Gucci reads.“Both are very well aware that complex relationship between image and reality, representation and presentation have been one of the most important topics in art. And they both well know that it is truer today, as we all are at the same time the generous feeder and the avid consumer of a world of simulacra, in between illusion and reality.Rooted in this permanent visual deluge, The artist is present focuses on artists projects that propose simulation and copy as a paradigm of global culture. The show explores how originality can be reached through the act of repetition, and how originals themselves can be preserved through copies. It consists in a physical immersion in the reign of imitation, a land where the core values that used to identify with an artwork in the Western world, such as originality, intention, expression, and authorship, are dismantled.In The artist is present the nature of the creative process itself results deconstructed, and with it, the idea of godlike creation: the only belief remains the conviction that originality is definitely overrated.”Watch the film below:Tara Chandra is fully goals. She edits her own magazine called Easy Mag; she runs a fresh YouTube channel that explores travel, DIY, how she dresses for uni, copping free stuff, and identity in a really cool way; her instagram is pure magic; and she’s casually worked with huge brands such as Gucci and most recently Converse. Pssst: she’s only 20!She’s part of the Converse X crew, which means she has a solid group of creative people around her to share and bounce ideas off. Effective, obviously, because Tara is the star of the new Converse billboards that you’re about to see everywhere. Hayyy!Name: Tara ChandraNickname: T or Ta – but my name’s short enough to just call me Tara.Where did you grow up and where do you live now?
Born, raised and living in Sydney, Australia!What were you into in high school?
I was obsessed (‘dedicated’) to One Direction in 2011–2013. I also loved anything creative whether this was collaging, polymer clay or scrapbooking in my earlier years, and fashion, video editing and photography in my later years.In what ways have you changed since then?
My creative style has changed and developed a lot in the sense that I’m more focused on detailed video editing and personal styling, alongside making/painting clothes, and editing my magazine; Easy Mag. I’ve definitely become way more confident in social settings and situations, and developed my opinions and sense of style. To be honest, I feel like a completely different person from the person I was in high school.If you had to describe your internet aesthetic in five words, what would you call it?
My IRL aesthetic but URL.Do you remember the first time you went on the internet?
Oh man, I don’t remember the exact first time as I was pretty young when the internet first came to life. But I remember loving the Lilo & Stitch Burger Making flash game, Moshi Monsters, Stardoll – and the like. Growing up I loved YouTube – Community Channel was a hit. Asian Australian representation at a young age, right?!Are there any other content creators that inspire you? Or is it too competitive for that?
I’m definitely inspired by other content creators in a collective sense. I can’t pinpoint a specific person, but I think the young creative community is incredible. I see creativity as a means of supporting others, rather than a competition to do better than one another.Can you tell us a bit about your work with the Converse X group?
Converse X have been awesome tapping into the young Sydney creative community. They’ve really touched base with everyday people and gotten them involved in a brand that has been around for generations. My dad repped Converse as a teen, and I’ve been repping Converse since I was 10. Being able to see the creative efforts in photo and video content people have made has been incredible. Additionally, most of my friends I’ve met on Instagram have been a part of Converse X. Converse X sent my friend Denilson and I to London for a week for the opening and launch of the One Star Hotel in Shoreditch. It was a once-in-a-lifetime experience that I’m so grateful to have lived.Who are you hanging out with and how has it boosted what you do?
Most of my friends are creatives – using ‘creatives’ as an umbrella term for my fellow fashion pals, photographers, artists, musicians, designers, etc. It’s been awesome being able to collaborate on various levels and continuously support each other, as cheesy as that sounds. I’m currently doing an exciting fashion/clothing project with one of my friends in music!And you’re about to have your face on billboards! Are you stoked?
Yeh! It’s actually surreal that I’ve been given this opportunity. It’s weird having people DM me photos of essentially, a big poster of me, around Sydney and Melbourne.You describe yourself as a fragile princess, why is this? Examples?
It’s actually a kind of funny/wack back-story. I’m literally fragile in the sense that the smallest thing will effect me… I’m always sick/feeling sick, having body pains, or fainting here and there. My ears have been blocked for the past 4 months… :’( It’s a bit of a joke with my friends about my inability to be 100% healthy.And you say you sit a lot. Where’s your favourite place to sit and watch the world?
I seem to always take photos of me sitting… but I think anywhere in nature is so calming to me. I’ve been able to travel quite a bit in the past 5 months. Being surrounded by mountains and desert in Arizona, sitting at the end of a pier surrounded by water in Hawaii, and being at the edge of a Pine Forest cliff in Indonesia have been some standout places. Lying down in Hyde Park is always nice too. But I feel like sitting on a trash can probably defines me the most.If you could stay a certain age forever what would it be?
That’s hard, because I feel like I haven’t reached my peak age yet. 20 (my current age) has been pretty incredible so far though.If you could have any animal as a pet, what would you choose?
A baby dinosaur that stayed a baby forever and also wouldn’t attack me?!?!What scares you most?
It’s morbid, but getting older and everyone around me dying.Best piece of advice you ever received?
I feel like people give me great advice everyday but I can’t think of anything right now…What is a skill you wish you possessed?
Being multilingual!! Also, being able to spark up a conversation with anyone.What fictional character do you most relate to, and why?
Daria and her sister Quinn mixed into one… Daria’s the dead-pan teen we all relate to, and Quinn is just me on all levels.What celebrity do you have a crush on?
Dev Patel is a gem.Best YouTube clip you’ve ever seen?
Oh, I watch way too much YouTube. I love anything on NOWNESS though. Their architecture and My Apartment series are my favourites.Which three people (dead or alive) would be your dream party guests?
Willow Smith, Adwoa Aboah and…Do you prefer crowds, small groups or being alone?
Small groups 100%, especially if I want to have a conversation with everyone.What’s on rotation on your Spotify at the moment?
I’ve been obsessed with Charlotte Dos Santos and playing her radio on Spotfiy. Kali Uchis, Brent Faiyaz and Raveena are awesome too.What are your personal rules for posting on the internet? For example, are there thing you won’t do / things you always try to do?
That’s an interesting question! I guess more-so for my parents’ sake, not posting anything to revealing or ‘provocative’… my parents are super traditional and they’ve made me delete some posts that weren’t deemed as appropriate in their books haha. They’re super supportive of everything else though. But, normally in an outfit photo I aim to show a full body shot and details of my outfit. I love details.If you’re in Australia and making incredible fashions, or even just working within the industry, you defs have to get an application in to the Lane Crawford Creative Call Out. LC is Greater China’s iconic luxury store, who’ve launched 50 brands and 45 creative projects in the last four years, and it’s buying and creative teams want to see what you’ve got and help you do it bigger.The buying team are travelling to Sydney in May to meet designers who aren’t showing their work in the traditional way, to meet them face to face. As well as the physical event, Lane Crawford has launched a digital platform for talented humans to submit and share their work.Designers who manage to catch the LC eyes will get pro support and advice and the opportunity to stock their collections at Lane Crawford — in irl stores and online!Lane Crawford are also looking out for photographers, graphic designers, multimedia artists, writers, stylists and other clever people. You can read all the fine print and gets some questions answered over here.And don’t forget to apply here.EDIT: They’re now finally available for purchase right here.King of collabs, Opening Ceremony, has just launched another stunna with a shining, shimmering rework of the old faithful Birkentock. They originally debuted at OC’s Spring 2018 show at Disneyland, but as of next week they’ll be yours to own.They’ve done the two-strap Arizona and the Boston clog with fleece uppers and silver and pink glitter all over. They’ll be available for men and women from US$145, launching exclusively at OC stores and online from Monday April 2. Perfect for the casual diva who has to buy organic at 7 and light up the room at 8.Hey, so you know how you’ve been looking to Chloë Sevigny for fash inspo since forever? Well, loads of items from her personal wardrobe just went on sale on The Real Real.We’re talking vintage Comme de Garcons, Proenza Schouler, Rodarte, Gucci, JPG, of course Opening Ceremony and so much leopard print!Head here to shop Chloë’s actual outfits, and feel good spending your rent money knowing a portion of the proceeds go to Hetrick-Martin Institute who do great things supporting LBGQT youth.Eytys make great gear for your feet, you know that, but they’ve also just released great gear for your eyes and soul. By way of a 112-page book, the brand is exploring and documenting America’s dreams of freedom from a New York perspective.In a story captured by Robert Lindholm and titled These Colors Don’t Run, New York’s five boroughs provide the backdrop while the Indian Summer days of fall provide a glisten that reflects some kind of hope. Also within the book are essays coming from three local writers, who tell real things about New York City — today.It’s a response to the political climate within America, that leans on a young and creative population’s thoughts and feelings about it. It’s a reflection of not only the barriers that are in front of people who’re judged by their ethnicity, relicion and sexuality, but how these barriers are being climbed over or chipped away at every day.“New York is proof that diversity works and can make a city great,” The brand says, idealising and wishing for the perfect place to be. “It doesn’t matter where you come from or where you are, New York is always there, it stands up for you. The history of the city is loud and proud.”“The people of New York aren’t afraid to speak their mind or to fight for their rights. And even if you’ve never been there you can still belong, the collective idea of New York makes it our global shared city.”Tap through the gallery above to see inside These Colors Don’t Run and hit eytys.com to grab a copy.Name: Avery Sandra TharpNickname: My mum and grandparents always called me “Avy”. After meeting my family, some of my closest friends also use my nickname.Star sign: CancerWhere are you from and where do you live now?
I’m from Santa Cruz, California — a small surf town south of San Fransisco. I currently live in LA LA land, aka Los Angeles, and I love it.What do you like to do/hope to do outside of modelling
I absolutely love to bake. I often bring cakes and batches of cookies to my agents at Photogenics. They are so cute when I delivery them. They often encourage me to open my own small bakery. I would really love to do that someday.What inspires you most?
I love to be out in nature. There’s something about fresh air and solitude that brings a new perspective and a rejuvenated sense of self.What songs or albums are soundtracking your life atm?
I walk to the beat of my own drum.Any personal beliefs or values that are meaningful to you?
Honesty and kindness for your fellow man.What celebrity or person from history do you have a crush on?
Abraham Lincoln. It’s just something about that beard.What do you want to be when you grow up?
I think I already answered that! I want to be a baker and just sit around and eat cakes all day and get fat and happy.What scares you most?
I’m a little afraid of the possibility of an apocalypse. I have a secret fantasy of building an off-the-grid house with its own water source, solar panels, and farm.Best piece of advice you ever received?
My grandfather’s wife Stephanie told me when I was 18 to go out and start modelling.What is a skill you wish you possessed?
Well, time travel would be great. As a matter of fact, teleportation would be fantastic too.What fictional character to you most relate to, and why?
Definitely the mother bear in Goldilocks and The Three Bears, because I love my soft bed.Best YouTube clip you’ve ever seen?
I love to watch clips about people rescuing animals who are in need of urgent intervention.Right now we are wishing we were small children — not just for the zero cares and early bedtimes, but for the tiny-limbed ability to fit into the wares by new Australia label FYP-A. What they do is simple, but fresh: unisex streetwear for kids aged 2-14, ethically produced in Australia and designed by people who know about cool.These people are Warran Wright and Sophie Guerin, two mates who do a bit of BTS work for one of our fave local labels P.A.M. Melbourne-based, they make and print everything locally, producing with an Ethical Clothing Australia accreditation. They’re stepping away from the ultra-cute and way too swaggy, to create something that’s more chill than an instagram gimmick. Tap through the Phase 01 collection above, and get to know the brand below. Name: Faceless Youth Pre-Apocalypse Global Brand.Star Sign: Astrology is a form of mind control.Any personal beliefs or values that are meaningful to you?
We are our only hope.Can you tell me a little bit of background on yourself, how/when you started your label, and what you were doing before? 
The two of us have worked behind the scenes at P.A.M., also Champion, for quite some time. We could never leave but decided to start ‘something’ because it felt like something was missing… We’re not sure why it ended up being for kids, we didn’t realise at first, but now it feels like the only choice.What type of person are you designing for?
The pre-apocalypse generation.If the collection was a colour: Eclipse RedIf it was a mood: RealisationIf it was an animal: Radiation-resistant butterflyIf it was a language: Python, the eternal programming languageIf it was a place: Earth, hopefullyIf it was a time: Before it’s too lateIf it was a song: ‘Believe In The Future’ – Critical Mass If it was a season: The first spring after a nuclear winterIf it was a food: Chewable Vitamin CIf it was a famous person: Buffy SummersIf it was a YouTube video: This Aphex Twin fan video If it was a smell: FrangipaniIf it was a texture: CarbonatedIf it was a quote: “People exist for love and revolution.” – Dazai OsamuIf it was a film: D.A.R.Y.L. (Data Analyzing Robot Youth Life-form)Clothing of dreams / the brand that gets you, has just got you even more. Miu Miu has launched an Australia and New Zealand-specific web store, plus a series of really cute t-shirts to celebrate it.You can play add to cart on both the Miu Miu and Prada sites, with a wider product choice (complete retail selection of RTW, bags, accessories, shoes, fragrances and eyewear), as well as use fancy new features like booking appointments in store with personal shoppers, find which store has your item in stock so you can touch it irl, plus save all your info so you can impulse buy between episodes of whatever series is taking over your life rn.Speaking of series, those tees we mentioned earlier are based around Miu Miu’s Women’s Tales — a project exploring the story a woman chooses to tell by the clothes she puts on in the morning. The label commissioned a collection of short films to be directed by strong culture-defining women — Dakota Fanning, Chloë Sevigny, Miranda July, Celia Rowlson-Hall, Crystal Moselle, Naomi Kawase, Agnés Varda, Alice Rohrwacher, So Yong Kim, Hiam Abbass, Ava DuVernay, Massy Tadjedin, Giada Cologrande, Lucrecia Martel and Zoe Cassavetes. The tees feature film stills and really nicely designed credits, and you can buy them in stores or online right here.Our fffriends over at FFF zine have just served up a new issue. We’re so happy because now we get to make heaps of food puns (FFF stands for Food For Fashion) and we also get to talk about how plate they are. We mean great.Issue 3 is a real main course for creative directors Zac Bayly and Stacia Hadiutomo. It’s their biggest yet. Inside, they’ve combined contributions from legends including Kalen Hollomon, Stoya, Ssion and Luis Venegas until very smooth. Plus they’ve dressed the whole thing in a cover featuring Rinko Kikuchi, who you’ll remember from Babel and who’s back for Pacific Rim Uprising.Genius photos of cute kids and drippy ice creams by Paolo De Lucente have been styled to taste by the incred James Valeri. Mathilde Agius and Stuart Williamson heat things up, proving that you most certainly can make more than friends with salad. Edward Crutchley pulls full brunch face while in conversation about Kim Jones, Kanye and Yorkshire puddings. And that’s just the choccy tip of the iceberg.Head to their webby to pick up a copy of the new issue, and suss the limited shirts they made with contributor (and art genius) Kalen Hollomon. Bone app the teeth!Our faves PAM continue to hit the mark with an incred SS18 collection that just so happens to be dropping in stores and online today. Titled ‘Planetary Movement’, it speaks directly of music/life genius Sun Ra, whose creative work and thinking is felt so deeply by anyone who comes near it.The collection also celebrates the two year anniversary of the label’s move from Melbourne to Paris by way of a new “PAMRIS” graphic. We also see beaut all-over yoga moves and planetary symbols in the print department — most notably on the collection’s highlight Mackintosh coat that has us feeling all kinds of lady-like ways.In terms of fits and cuts and fabrications, PAM has you sorted this season with very professional and chic striped suiting that’s made of stretchy stuff for people who move. Plus lightweight track pants and polo shirts in colour combos that’ll blow your brain. Tap through the lookbook above to get a feel.It’s a testament to a label’s innovation when its treatment of denim has been so widely mimicked, before they’ve even made a pair of five-pocket jeans themselves. Despite being instantly recognised for indigo frills and frayed edges, Marques Almeida have more stories to tell than those about denim. An interesting one is the way they pick their fabrics and shift their meaning or status through design and exploration into a material’s behaviour. But one of the most telling stories is the way they work with such a wide network of women to be inspired. With an even amount of yes-ing and no-ing, designers Marta Marques and Paulo Almeida sift through a swelling bulk of reference material and mood boards to create collections that tell the stories of the clever ladies around them — ultimately presenting a world that’s inclusive of so many paths a woman can take to become her own “quietly defiant” self, and broadening the scope of good fashion that’s as accessible as it is encouraging.Hayley Morgan: Where did this dual fascination with denim, and the treatment of it, come from?
Marta Marques: It’s not really the material itself, it’s nothing that we’ve like thought of before we started looking into our graduate collection and what we wanted to do as designers. It’s more kind of stemming from our obsession with the 90s and streetwear and effortless pictures from old issues of i-D and The Face. Denim was always present and it was a really strong representation of youth — like a code of dressing. It was much more to do with the ethos of it than the material itself, because we had no idea about how to work with it or how to do washes or anything. We just bought our first roll of denim and started doing try outs at home and at laundry places and I think we quite liked the idea that it’s a fabric that ages with you and you’re allowed to wear it to death and it becomes something more special because you wear it until it grows with you in a way and is so personal. It really reflected what we wanted to do in fashion at that point, which was to bring something that was so streetwear into higher fashion. That’s what made sense to us.It’s an interesting thing because you treat non-denim fabrics like denim, and you actually didn’t turn denim into jeans to begin with…
We had no idea how to construct a pair of jeans. It was just literally taking that material and what it meant and taking it to a completely different context. I don’t think we did actual jeans until our third or fourth season and still they were like not your average jeans and not jeans sizing. It was really not about that, it was about the treatment of the material and what it meant. It was quite nice that we learned how to approach fabrics in that way by working so obsessively with denim. Then it naturally carried through to anything else that we were putting on the table. Even if something is super luxurious, like a really fine silk, we would have the same approach to it as denim — making it go through processes and washes and hand work. We just think that’s what makes garments special. We were never really fascinating with anything that is super precious off the roll or really untouched. We want things to have the feeling of being messed around with.Why do you think it took you a while to make actual jeans? Now that you’ve made them, they’re quite successful…
Yeah true, I think we kind of had no idea that was going to be the case. To be honest I don’t even think it crossed our minds. We wanted to put something into a new context and create something that felt new and exciting for a younger generation that was slightly alienated from high fashion. Jeans are something that exist already and we were not really interested in it. Then, when we did jeans, it was more about wanting to do bottoms in denim that had this shape that we thought was cool, and then we did this jean ‘thing’ with a successful silhouette. We took a weird route to it.How do you think your LVMH prize win in 2015 pushed the label forward? Did it allow you to do certain things you couldn’t do before?
Loads of things, it was quite a turning point for us. We were at this point where the brand was getting recognised but we were still struggling — we’ve always been self-funded and it is a struggle to be able to do everything you want to do and keep growing. We’ve always done our own shoes and we want to do more accessories. We want to do jewellery, sunglasses, an online shop, pop up shows. We want to build a team and we want to do all these projects and campaigns. We’re sitting on all of this imagery and stuff that we’ve created over the past three years from our home studio with no team, just friends helping, but suddenly to have the funds to be able to put those things in action and get it moving and progress is incredible. And that’s all due to LVMH and the fact that it came at the perfect time to propel us. It was really good. I’ve noticed a lot more range in fabrics showing up in your collections — is this a deliberate move away from frayed denim or will that signature stay with the label forever?
There’s very little deliberate things that go on here. It’s all slightly accidental or mistake-driven by instinct every time we start a new season. Creatively, me and Paulo are obsessed with different things. It was necessarily a deliberate decision, it’s just that we certainly found this love of shiny brocades and we want to do everything in it, we want to bring it to a new context and put it next to a frayed denim jacket because it brings it to a new life.Another thing you’ve got a knack for is footwear — it wasn’t until I started looking at all of your collections together that I noticed it — have you always designed your own from the beginning? Or, who are you working with to produce this stuff?
It’s always been us and we always find a way to make sure we get some shoes done. We’ve always designed them ourselves and then we work with manufacturers in Portugal that produce them for us.How would you describe a typical MA girl? For instance, in your Spring 2018 collection you can kind of see an 80s power babe, a biker’s daughter, a TLC fan, Samantha from Sex and the City, and so on… But do you have a customer in mind?
I think you’ve put it nicely, there’s really not one customer or one personality. That’s what we’ve been trying to build on by doing shows with all these MA girls and finding new ones every season. Seeing how different they all are proves there’s not a singular style that fits the bill. What we’ve been finding fascinating is that they’re all so different but the one thing that unifies them is this defiance they have about them — like quietly defiant girls going about their own lives trying to do their thing. Other than that, that can be tomboy or in corsets being really feminine. I’m looking at the wall that we have in front of us for next season and it’s a nice collage of Instagram pictures from all of them. You can tell how different they are.What about an MA style icon?
It would have to be our MA girls, and the girls around us, friends that we work with. They’re style icons for us. It might be that a collection actually starts because we saw one of them wearing these cool vintage trousers with a silk top and we become obsessed with it.What would you say the ethos of the brand is, in 2017?
We’ve been going around this idea of making fashion more diverse and more inclusive, so I’d love that to be our ethos actually for this year and the next years to come.Is there anything you wish you were doing better?
So many things! There’s not enough hours in the day to do all that we want to do, and do it right. We’ve just learned to accept it and learn to do the best we can do with the time we have. But there’s always things we could do, and that’s a good thing.When you’re designing your collection, and something feels risky, are you more likely to say “yes” to it?
Oh yeah, definitely. We’ve come to a point where we realise that’s a really good thing. If it makes you feel really uncomfortable, that’s a really good sign. So we go on that. It might not always go well, but we go on that.Who says “no” the most our of the two of you?
Paulo for sure. He’s totally the no and I’m totally the yes.Rihanna is doing so much for our beauty right now via an incredible make-up line and a collab with Puma that has made us feel strong and sexy despite being committed to sneakers and trackies. Now there are rumours that she’s about to take it next lev with a lingerie line.WWD reports that Ri has been in talks with TechStyle Fashion Group to sort out a deal. While her publicist and the TechStyle corporate marketing officer have decline to comment, there are sources that say this has been in the works for over a year and samples have already been produced.Based on this very important information, join us in hypothesising what the collection (and you and I wearing it) might look like…In Clare Waight Keller’s second RTW collection for Givenchy, she did not lose sight of the house’s Hollywood affiliation. Instead, she maximised it: big white letters spelling out Givenchy at the entrance to the Palais de Justice, dark velvet curtains swooped from ceiling to floor, spotlights marking the models’ choreography, and direct nods to films for the collection’s inspiration.Some grit was applied by referencing 90s New York via Bowie’s The Hunger, and 80s Berlin via B Movie: Lust and Sound in West-Berlin. So the show fused the underground with glamour, sleaziness with sophistication, dangerous leather with incredibly-shaped faux furs, plunging necklines on men with oversized bows on women. Hit the gallery above for our favourite looks, and watch the show below to pick yours.Loewe is just about to trot its new FW18 collection down the runway (at 9.30am CET), and we are prepared for something cute and smart. I mean, how to top the bread hats and kitty bags from last winter?Loewe’s creative director Jonathan Anderson has already released the campaign, which gives us a hint at what’s to come. Steven Meisel photographed Stella Tennant reading the Spanish literary classic Don Quixote by Miguel de Cervantes — Loewe had previously announced a series of books, which it will be publishing with vintage Meisel images repurposed as book covers.A second image by Meisel shows Tennant and Elise Crombez trapped in an old elevator, topped with red wigs. But what does it mean? Watch the live stream below and find out This week Anthony Vaccarello showed his FW18 collection for Saint Laurent and it was maximum glam. There was no lack of leg in 80s inspired collection, which featured mostly black pieces that showed off luxury textures through sleek fabrics. Exaggerated shoulders and sculpted necklines provided ultimate power babe vibes. A little bit of colour came through in the menswear and some florals came through hard in the last looks for anyone ready to go OTT. Hit the gallery above.Born in California and currently living in Berlin, Sherin Schwarz has a past and present that lets her be super chill but staunch when she needs to be. Her heritage is a juicy blend of Persian and Russian, making her an incred face to see in photographs and shoot IRL. Defs one to watch, we got the lowdown while she’s fresh (or at least before she quits modelling to become a hot professor)…Name: Sherin SchwarzNickname: Never had one, unfortunately.Star sign: CapricornWhere are you from and where do you live now? 
I am born in California, USA, originally half Persian and half Russian and am currently living in Berlin, Germany.What do you like to do/hope to do outside of modelling?
Bar chef at an underground techno club, but I’m planing on studying chemistry and becoming a hot professor.What inspires you most?
The fashion and chemistry industries. New things everyday and they never get boring. Two things I would always want in my life and I could learn a lot from.What songs or albums are soundtracking your life atm?
All Led Zeppelin songs, 1998 System of a Down album and 70s discoAny personal beliefs or values that are meaningful to you?
Always being true to myself, living and dressing the way I love and never caring about what someone who is irrelevant to me thinks about me.What celebrity or person from history do you have a crush on?
Johnny Depp in the late 1990s/early 2000s (Donnie Brasco, Blow)What do you want to be when you grow up?
A Rockstar that brings back 70s rock’n’roll. Or a DJ What scares you most? 
Failing.Best piece of advice you ever received?
Never regret anything in life that taught you a lesson.What is a skill you wish you possessed?.
To play more than one musical instrument.What fictional character to you most relate to, and why?
Princess Leia from Star Wars, because she is strong, independent and super sexy.Best YouTube clip you’ve ever seen?
Snoop Dogg commenting on animal documentaries.If you’ve even watched one second of Giorgio Armani’s Martin Scorsese-directed documentary, you will know that he is in love with nothing more than the romance of unremarkable courtyards and the minimalism of slinging deconstructed blazers over the shoulders of both men and women.So, it makes sense that he’d have a quick and quiet stab at Alessandro Michele’s Gucci spectacle that involved severed heads and baby dragons. Without specifically naming names, Armani has said that he is “perplexed” by the whole thing. According to WWD, he said “No, I don’t want to be a part of this. Fashion can’t be a means to have the media talk about you. We have to move and excite but without going overboard — it’s too easy. I have never wanted to trick consumers, and what I show on the runway is what customers can find in stores.” Burn?Just when you thought you’d seen everything from Alessandro Michele’s fanny pack of inspo, he’s turned around and presented a Gucci collection that somehow fuses surgery, cyborgs, baby dragons, severed heads and the New York Yankees.In a sterile environment decked out with operating room vibes and plastic waiting area seats, the collection came marching out with a Michele’s baroque punk aesthetic as the foundation. Prints collided manically, but it was accessories were doing the most — not content with stacked jewellery, bead-fringed caps, jewelled headpieces layered over ski masks and Gucci’s own version of he ugly (but cool) sneaker, models also carried their own severed heads as well as pet chameleons and dragons.Of the set, Gucci said, “The concept reflects the work of a designer—the act of cutting, splicing and reconstructing materials and fabrics to create a new personality and identity with them.” And the idea of ‘identity’ and ‘personality’ most certainly continued throughout the collection.I write this headline as if I don’t have a couple of significant stones scattered around my apartment — it’s not like I’m Shannon Beador from Real Housewives, who has them sewn into the very fabric of her home, or anything — but join me in cackling just a little bit about this absolute transcendence of Boheme.Apparently guests attending The Row’s NYFW show received little black bags that contained a note and either a black or white crystal. The black tourmaline crystals were to “repel and block negative energies, reducing fear and increasing focus.” While the white quarts crystals were for :universal harmony and balancing physical, mental, emotional, and spiritual planes.” And, just incase the Birks and socks attendees had never, you know, bathed their crystals under a new moon before, the notes also explained that you need to clean your crystals by covering and soaking in salt water for 24 hours.Honestly, the visual of Anna Wintour engaging in some white middle-class woman crystal healing is just too much.Susannah Liguori is a beaut face who first came the the centre of the fash spotlight when Hedi Slimane plucked her out of relative obscurity and shot her for The New York Times Style mag in 2011. Now she’s doing her thing very successfully as a model, but directing most of her time toward her florist design studio called True Blue Blooms. Her total sweetness and sincerity is absolutely on the level with her delightful face, as we found out in our hard-hitting Meet The Model profile below…Name: Susannah LiguoriNickname: Susie QStar sign: PiscesCurrent location: LAWhat do you do outside of modelling?
After graduating NYU where I studied art, I grew pretty frustrated by the pressure to create something new and beautiful both in modelling and in art. I wanted to do something completely new and different so I began working for a florist in NYC and fell in love. I recently moved back to LA and have started my own florist design studio out of my moms basement called True Blue Blooms. We deliver bouquets sound the LA area. It’s pretty magical.What inspires you most?
Mother Nature. I feel a tremendous responsibility not only to respect our planet but to highlight the beauty she provides us. I’ve thought a lot about the perfect object. Something that transcends surface perceptions of standard beauty. An object that can be received always with satisfaction and joy. Something that does not depend on occasion or gender. Something given from the heart and received the same. The earth provides us with such an object. This idea is what I like to think the backbone of what True Blue Blooms is trying to shine light on. What songs or albums are soundtracking your life atm?
At the moment I am listening to the massage station on Sirius Xm. Spa-ing the LA traffic out.Any personal beliefs or values that are meaningful to you?
Woman supporting woman and not just saying but doing pursuing acting. We have to have each others backs.What celebrity or person from history do you have a crush on? 
OPRAH.What do you want to be when you grow up? 
I like this right now maybe a mum too.What scares you most? 
Fear itself!Best piece of advice you ever received? 
Anything spoken from my crystal bearing junior guru guardian angel PhD big brother Jackson.What is a skill you wish you possessed? 
I wish I had a better grasp at languages.Best YouTube clip you’ve ever seen? 
Dogs wearing boots for the first time.When Spanto speaks, you listen. And not because he’s yelling the loudest, but because he’s got this undying passion for protecting what raised him. And his message, while tied with a double knot to place, can be felt universally.BornxRaised is the label he founded with his creative partner, 2Tone. More than clothing, it’s a platform for self-expression, anger management and, most of all, for the authentic stories and aesthetics that are so often bought, borrowed and stolen within the fashion world. In his lifetime he has watched a seething Los Angeles be dismantled by riots, and has been part of the generation that put a flag down in the aftermath. Now he witnesses, with more alarm, the offensive gentrification of his neighbourhood and the forced displacement of his community.Not to be confused with a “locals only” mentality, BornxRaised stands for the documentation and ownership of a culture that has actually been lived. Upon the release of the label’s collaboration with probably the most authentic footwear brand in the world, Converse, we hung out with Spanto and caught his hometown fever. He talked us through his mission, select parts of his life, and rhapsodised wholly about his one true love: Venice. I know that BornxRasied is essentially a platform for you to tell stories. What are some of the most important themes of these stories?
A lot of it ties back directly to our story, or the story of where I’m from. But it’s not just about that. It’s a way to really express myself and I didn’t know how to do that before. For some odd reason, I chose clothing. You know, you can’t really have the good without the bad and sometimes fashion, or clothing, or streetwear — it can get tiresome and people can get shitty, but at the same time it has given me a blank canvas to express myself and shine a light on the people that are very important and, in my opinion, get swept under the rug.Now, I know this because I’ve researched you, but for someone who hasn’t, who are these people that have been swept under the rug and what makes them important or deserving?
If you look at streetwear, it’s constantly mimicking other people’s cultures. They say “it’s my inspiration,” or “I’m paying homage to,” but it’s really just copying. And I think that a lot of these people that come to LA come to reinvent themselves or create themselves — I’m standing at this diner in Echo Park, are you familiar with Echo Park?I know what it is now…
It’s kind of like trust fund kids that move to Echo Park and they look very goth or punk or metal, and it’s just like… that’s not you, you weren’t like that. I’m not mad, but the way I look at it is that BornxRaised aren’t pretending or gathering inspiration. We just are. This is our story and how we grew up. We didn’t look at it on a Tumblr page.Going back, it’s interesting that you say that it’s odd that you fell into fashion. I think it’s super natural — fashion is something that, whether it’s conscious or not, every single person is putting something on and choosing it to represent who they are. Even if you’re not “into fashion”, you’re still choosing it and it’s important…
Yeah, it’s still an expression of yourself.And the name comes from this love of Venice, where you were born and raised, and how you’re protecting it’s history from being washed by gentrification, right?
Most definitely protecting and preserving our history and culture. It’s being exploited so much, it happens everywhere. What happened to my neighbourhood that I love so much is going to happen everywhere. But the way it happened in Venice, and the rapid pace, is just so bad. And now that everybody is there, anybody can claim it, anybody can use it, and anybody can sell it. It makes me furious that these people from fucking Wichita move here for one summer, and then they create a line and plaster Venice and Oakwood and Ghost Town, and use our photos and my friends to sell their product. And, you know what, I’d rather not let these people get away with it while I’m there. It’s a longer, deeper story, but they came up with all of the laws and rules to extract all the people that made what Venice really was — that gave it that dicey and sharp aesthetic and appeal that people gravitated towards — but these rules and laws like gang junctions were to police people out of their own neighbourhood. It happened to 90% of people who lived here, and it happened in a very vulgar, barbaric way.I wonder if you can explain where this emphasis on the importance of place comes from for you personally… I mean, I grew up somewhere that people used to tease, it wasn’t desirable, and now I live on the other side of the world…
If you look at places around LA in the 80s and 90s, people took where they came from very seriously. You know, they would kill you. And now these places are pretty goofy like Echo Park, Highland Park, Silver Lake and Venice. People’s sense of belonging, and something that was part of their DNA and history, they took very seriously. If you look at photos of people from the boardwalk of Jay Adams, that whole crew of people are very proud to be from Venice. No matter what company they rode for, they represented the neighbourhood first. Why it’s like that more so than other places, I’m not really sure. But that’s the way it was, and thats what I continue to put first always.Do you think that all people who relocate have a negative effect on their new place?
No, absolutely not. I’m not one to say no one deserves to come in here. I just think theres a wrong and right way to do it. I like the metaphor: if I’m going to step into someone else’s home, I take my shoes off.Sure, it makes sense. So, I’ve recently been watching these documentaries called ‘The Decline Of Western Civilisation’ and it looks at punk and metal in the 80s in Hollywood Blvd… were those scenes hitting Venice at the time?
Yeah, totally, the whole squatter punk scene for sure. It was more East Hollywood, but the punk scene in Venice was really big when I was a kid in the 80s. It was massive. Short-lived but massive. If you look at parts of Hollywood where most of that film took place, it’s sterilised and gentrified too. That kind of thing just couldn’t happen today. Same with Venice, there was a tonne of Venice punk kids I grew up with the Venice Suicidal Punk kids — there was hundreds of them. If you look at our style and Venice’s style, it’s a big mash up. There’s a lot of punk influence, there’s a lot of Cholo influence, there’s even Crip influence. All these subcultures mashed together. There was a 5mile radius where we grew up called the Four Corners — Venice, Sotel, Santa Monica and Culver City — but if we were all in the room together we would know, just by the way they were dressed, where each one was aligned. I don’t think that can happen now because of the internet.Yeah, I was just thinking the same. Now, I don’t wan’t to be naive, but LA’s gang wars played some kind of part in shaping the residents of Venice, right?
A lot of people think that Venice was so far from it, but the origins come from Venice. All that early gang culture comes from Venice. There’s lots on the East Side but Venice has a deep history with things like Venice 13 — which I’m a part of. In the 80s and 90s the skaters dressed like gang members because they wanted to be the alpha male, and gangs were alpha then.When I’m watching documentaries about LA gang culture, it seems like Venice is left out a bit. It’s mostly East LA. There must be so many untold stories…
You know what, you’re right, most of all Cholo culture that you guys get a glimpse at would be from East LA, which looks completely different from the gang members on the West side.From a global perspective, it seems like New York has always been the artistic or fashionable city, why do you think the West Coast is overlooked? What does Venice offer that’s better?
I’m just going to point out the obvious: the weather. In New York, you’re forced to layer yourself in clothing every day… with the exception of summer. In LA we have one uniform that we’re allowed to wear. We’re allowed to wear Chucks with no socks, a tee shirt and jeans. We have Fashion Week but nobody goes.There’s a similar feeling in parts of Australia in terms of industry — it’s more about what kids are making do with that becomes inspiring…
I think now, there’s a shift, the light will be on New York and then it’ll be on LA. But there’s only so much we can too because it’s so fucking hot.What were you exploring when you were coming of age?
I think in Venice you grow up real fast. In the 80s, Venice was engulfed by gang culture, but there was also a lot of punk going on. When it came to the 90s and I was a young teenager, the punk scene was gone. A perfect coming of age reference for me would be, after the riots happened the whole city was smouldering and it was destroyed. But at the same time, after it was destroyed it belonged to the kids again. It was a sense of freedom that I think most groups of kids or generations don’t get to experience. After the riots was done we were like, “This place belongs to us, we own this.” And that time, post riots, is the mode that I’m set in.Yeah, it gives you the liberty to choose your own adventure…
Yeah. And, you know, I don’t want this whole article to be about gang culture, because it’s not what I do any more, but at that point in time that’s who owned the city — the neighbourhoods. That’s what motivated me.Yeah totally, that’s what I’m interested in. Not the specifics of gangs, but this feeling. The equal example for me is being here in Berlin and talking to people who were 14-years-old when the wall came down, and finding out what that felt like… having things open up. It’s unparalleled and not many people experience that moment of “This is mine, and I’m grabbing it by the balls.”
Yeah, exactly.What song would you say is the perfect soundtrack to your youth… or even current day?
That’s a really hard question. Can I give you like 40 songs?No, I don’t have that much time…
My favourite song in the whole wide world is ‘This Must Be The Place’ by Talking heads, but that doesn’t really sync up with what we’re saying.It does! So, what kinds of things did your family encourage or not encourage?
Growing up, my parents were very anti-government. They didn’t really want me to go to school and they always taught me that Columbus Day and the American Dream was all bullshit. I was very lucky to have parents to teach me that. Most kids don’t. My mum was an artist before she became mentally ill and she was very militant and her head was in the right place. She pulled the wool from over my eyes from a young age. She taught me to stand up for what I believe in. It’s why I’m fighting for my culture now. I don’t think she wanted me to fall victim to the obvious — LA was very dangerous and she wanted to keep me away from it. But there’s no way in hell that that was going to happen. Everything that was happening in my front yard, I had to be a part of. There were so many dudes who lived on my street and it was always so exciting. They were always shooting at each other, always fighting, always loud, always drinking, there was always helicopters and all this shit that to a preteen was so tempting. And there was nothing that could keep me out of there.So what kind of things are happening in your front yard now that, in a positive way, are pulling you out of your house?
Being able to stay there and not being a statistic. About 98% of the people that lived in my neighbourhood growing up are gone now. Nothing on the planet gives me the sense of comfort, or makes me feel the way I feel when I go home to that same street, same house, that my great grandfather bought 90 years ago. Being able to go to sleep there and wake up there, at that same house, is what gets me out of bed every day.That’s really beautiful.
Thank you.You’ve just collaborated with Converse, which is a really big brand, what is it about them that made you comfortable with the collaboration… given your attitude to origins and community?
For one, Converse has always been a Venice boy shoe. You can wear Chucks to a funeral or to the beach. They’ll never go out of style. But another thing that enticed me is the people that work there. They don’t want to just hand over a marketing cheque and have you slap two logos together for the name of hype. They get their hands in there and do stuff that matters. It means a lot to me. The people who work there are like artists — they want to tie emotion into it and do something special. They expressed that early on and it made me want to go really hard for them and with themWhat did you want to project for the collab? What parts of yourself and your brand did you want to put in the shoe?
We shot at Milk with this kid Hayden, he’s a model now and he has long blonde hair. I watched him grow up and I used to surf and skate with his father. Most of us kids grew up in single parent homes and we always hung out and played at the beach. So I picked Hayden who looks like your typical LA surf/skater, but he’s mean; I picked Timmy, who’s black; and I picked my friend Enemy, who’s Mexican. It’s because those types of kids — a group of white kids, a group of black kids, a group of Mexican kids – they don’t cross. But when I was hanging out, we were all from Venice, we all hung out and we all understood each other. That’s why I shot it like that.I noticed this buzz cut feel — for me, a buzz cut evokes military or stripping a personal brand, but what does it mean to you?
When people started shaving their heads in the 90s, it was a statement. You were inviting trouble. If you were bald in the 90s you were going to get shot at or questioned, but we did it anyway. One thing that we all did for each other as kids — we were all very macho and egotistical, almost homophobic, though I not homophobic at all — we would all shave each others heads. It was a very sensual, intimate thing. It was a right of passage.I get it. I have this quote from Henry Rollins about punk music and hardcore guys being kind of homophobic, but looking at these sweaty shirtless men bumping into each other in front of a band is actually kind of homoerotic…
[Laughs] Yeah exactly. I remember when I was 18 and I was incarcerated. There was two older gentlemen, and I need a hair cut, and one goes “Sit down on this milk crate, I’m gunna cut your hair for you.” And I remember at that time it meant so many things, all wrapped into one. Just him cutting my hair.Speaking of businesses outside of your own, are there any establishments you want to encourage people to get amongst?
My favourite clothing company on the planet is Wacko Maria, from Japan.Finally, if you could be the actual king of Venice, what would you change and what would you keep?
I would change the cost of living. I would make it affordable. I have this dream in my head that if I won the lottery, a billion dollars, I would just go buy a ball of Venice and I would knock down all the mini mansions. I would make it look how it used to look. I miss Venice, like I miss a dear friend or lover who passed away.And what would you keep?
The love is still there. There aren’t many of us, but the love is strong and I don’t think that’ll ever change.The Converse x BornxRaised Jack Purcell collection launches globally from February 3, at Converse.com, and select retailers.You definitely know Kye’s face via the runways of Dior, Chanel, Fendi, Margiela, Fenty, etc. She’s an Aussie dream girl who has had a legitimate modelling fairytale. After moving from Melbourne to New York to study make-up, luck struck and she was very quickly picked up by model scouts and casting director and just casually made her debut at Dior’s SS17 show. As if that wasn’t enough of a CV to convince you her career is pure destiny, try learning that Kye was once immobile after a car accident. “I used to be in a wheelchair, and I now get paid to walk,” she said in a recent interview.Origin stories aside, we caught up with Kye to find out the pivotal stuff. Like celebrity crushes and what you’ve got to gain from spitting milk in someone’s face.Name: Kye HowellNickname: Sadly, never had oneStar sign: LeoWhere are you from?
South East suburbs of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.What do you do outside of modelling?
I currently assist French makeup artist Maud Laceppe, she is so talented and I’m very lucky to be learning from her.What inspires you most?
Other people’s well deserved success.What songs or albums are sound tracking your life atm?
I’ve recently fallen back into The Doors, heavily.Any personal beliefs or values that are meaningful to you?
Find your people and stick with them, the ones who love you and support you. The ones that feel like home.What celebrity or person from history do you have a crush on?
Tom Hardy in his Myspace days.What do you want to be when you grow up?
Well I had planned to be a Disney Princess at Disneyland, but the max height is 5ft 9’…What scares you most?
Time.Best piece of advice you ever received?
Spit all over someone with a mouthful of milk if you want to find something out about their personality fast.What is a skill you wish you possessed?
Always wished I did ballet, perfect posture is what I dream of. And piano.What fictional character to you most relate to, and why?
In every book I read there are characters that have similarities I see within myself, but I haven’t found one that would stand out as clear relation.Best YouTube clip you’ve ever seen?
Girl getting hit with a shovel.Ximon Lee designs clothing for people who like to hold onto things; whether it’s a curious grip on his very tactile creations, or a clinging to an emotional state. The process of his recent collaboration with the ultra talented sound artist Pan Daijing required (if not insisted) the latter, and resulted in a rolling sea of disparate pearl work that ping-pongs with Pan’s rhythms.This type of intuitional experimentation is not a first for Ximon’s label, eponymous as XIMONLEE. In collections past he has presented cascading threads from embroidery, oversized denim squared off with slabs of silicone, and silhouettes that spotlight proportional play in a way that genuinely feels new. His brand of bravery isn’t lost on the powers that be, either — he became both the first designer from the US and the first menswear designer to win the H&M Design Award, the LVMH Prize had their eye on him as a semifinalist in 2015, Kanye is a fan, and Forbes recognised him on their 2016 30 under 30 list.We scored some time with Ximon to chat about his work and life. And we got the good word on his Pan Daijing collaboration, titled ‘Master of Mess’, which will show at Milan Fashion Week in February, and in Shanghai in March.Can you tell me about where you grew up and what kind of influence it had on you… as a designer and as a person?
Growing up my family and I moved around a lot, which meant I was exposed to many different landscapes and cultures from a very young age. The landscape changes quite drastically from the far North of China to the coastal cities in the East and tropical Hong Kong. The range of dialects and ways of living I experienced from childhood right up to moving to New York gives me a diverse design language.And you’re currently based in Berlin, when did you decide to move there?
After a spontaneous trip to Berlin in early 2016, I made the move a few months after. The whole move was very quick in the end.What kinds of things did you expect the city, or the relocation in general, might provide you with?
The decision to move was not business related, rather a change of scenery. As I am so used to moving around, I felt it was the right time to move on from New York, after six years of living there. Berlin has given me a greater sense of openness both personally and professionally. Along the way I have met a lot of inspiring people, who are not necessarily in my field of work, who helped move my work into a more multidisciplinary world.You’re developing an interesting set of silhouettes. You do ‘boxy’ really well, which is something a lot of designers and consumers seem to be afraid of it… why are you drawn to it?
For me the material aspect is the first part of my development process and over the past years I have found my self more drawn to bold, structured fabrics. This choice of fabric in turn shapes the silhouette. This has been working well for us, but as the work is developing we are embracing more and more fluid fabrics and treatments, which will inevitably push our silhouettes into new directions.The treatment of your fabric is super unique too — sometimes your outerwear feels inside out, with the lapel looking like the ‘hero’ fabric; sometimes you’re applying layers of thread falling from embroidering; sometimes pools of what looks like glue. Where does such a DIY spirit come from? Or do you have a background in industrial design or something?
There has always been an interest in materials and different ways to create a narrative with them, and more often than not this will start in the studio handwork. This means we are able to see ideas come to life quickly in-house, allowing us to mould these treatments every step of the way.What new techniques could we expect to see in future collections?
We have been collaborating closely with a very old jacquard weaving factory in the Netherlands for the past few collections, and each season we are working to develop new ways to create fabrics with them. They are a very experienced team open to any ideas we put to them, so hopefully in the coming seasons we can present something beautiful with these materials.What do you think you might be making if it weren’t clothing?
No matter if I am making a piece of clothing, or a sculpture, my thought process is still the same. The works in this series with Pan Daijing for example shouldn’t necessarily be seen as fashion or artworks, for me it serves as a material memory.Your collaboration with sound artist Pan Daijing is beautiful — how did you meet? And what was it that lead to working together?
Pan and I met through mutual friends very soon after I moved to Berlin. I saw a performance of hers at Volksbühne, which lead me to explore the idea of a collaboration. She composed two of our runway soundtracks since then.The pieces are lovely, the scattered pearl work and their fluctuating sizing ring really true to Pan’s music — was that the intention?
When I created these pieces for Pan I didn’t overthink about the concept, but rather focused on the feelings that were brought on by her works. For example, the sound in the “A Loving Tongue” by Pan.Finally, what kinds of things does her music make you feel?
Different pieces by her trigger a different feeling inside of me. Since we met I have been to five performances and every performance, which takes place in different environments, offers a complete unique experience. Our latest collaboration was initiated after her performance at Palais de Tokyo in Paris. The feeling that I later named “Melancholic Violence” was the temporary title of this collaboration. This collaboration will be showcased in end of March in Shanghai.Welcome to 2018, where anything you dream can become a reality. Including jeans that are both legless and crotchless. You might be thinking: It’s called a skirt, look it up. But you’re wrong.What we’ve got here is closer to one of those Supré fabric belts you loves and cherished so much as a youth. At a stretch, it’s even closer to a philosophical thought experiment: If a belt itself has belt loops, is it really a belt?If you’re less confused about this item and more into it, you’ll be pleased that it’s available at Net-A-Porter for a chill $396. They also offer some resolve as to what the item is:In the Resort ’18 presentation, Unravel Project used denim belts to nip in the waist of its slouchy and oversized pieces. Designed to appear like it’s been sliced from the top of your favourite jeans, this faded blue version has frayed edges and exposed pockets. It looks even cooler with a slim leather strap over the top.Remember the days when Kim Kardashian only existed to organise Paris Hilton’s wardrobe?You know…I mean…Well, life has now come full circle because Paris Hilton is existing to sell Kim Kardashian’s wardrobe. Kinda.After a series of paparazzi shots of Kim wearing Yeezy Season 6 were released in place of a campaign, the label has now recruited a bunch of big names to recreate the pics. How very.The results are ok, I mean everyone looks like Kimmy and that’s not a far cry from the reality of instagram. But a generous round of applause is deserved for the most outstanding result: Paris Hilton’s transformation into her former intern. Check it out:Real cool label Rodarte chose to skip the runway this season and, while we were once very sad about this, we are very happy rn. What they’ve decided to put their time and energy into is a portrait portfolio featuring some of the perfectly clever women who inspire them.Poised confidently in front of a dreamy backdrop are brains including Kirsten Dunst (who is pregnant!), Kim Gordon, Grimes, Gia Coppola, Rowan Blanchard, Chloe x Halle, Danai Gurira, Miranda July, and more.Kate Mulleavy said that their recent feature film Woodshock really encouraged her to find new ways to show off her designs. “We’re kind of now more freeing ourselves from what are the traditional ways that you can show and experience the emotion of a collection,” she said.Laura Mulleavy added the right kind of words, saying, “It’s an important time for people to recognise that women are artistic, and that’s what I think these images reflect in all the different personalities.”Check em out:Your local P.A.M store is about to cop an eyeful of new gear. The SS18 collection — which is fit for men and women — is titled ‘Perspective’ and is all about “looking at new ways to see.” The press release is cryptic, but the gear isn’t.Immediately cool bombers come through in traffic cone orange and are backed with wild embroidery. There’s some very fresh white denim forming jackets and those forever sold out Bri Bri jeans. The tees are clever, as always, and there’s a zip neck sweater that has us completely fanging for winter. It’s all in the gallery above, and drops in store and online this week.Karl Lagerfeld may as well have sent bunches of flowers down the runway at Chanel Haute Couture 2018, because the models were legit blooming. The collection featured layers and layers of silk tulle, chiffon and organza covered in blossoming embroidery with sequins, beads, and stones. Plus floral headpieces like you’ve never seen before (even if you’re a power Etsy user) and the most magnificent tweed booties with transparent heels.Cop the details in the gallery above.Teyana Taylor is unequivocally the hero we need but don’t deserve. This is evident in her first reality television appearance on MTV’s My Super Sweet 16 and perpetuated further through her king-sized achievements as (deep breath): a recording artist who is currently signed to, and about to release a record with, Kanye West’s GOOD Music; a credited writer and collaborator on huge records for guys like Omarion and Usher; a New York Fashion Week highlight and power strutter; an incredible dancer whose moves cut through time and space (that choreography on Beyoncé’s ‘Ring The Alarm’ is Teyana’s btw); a featured artist on My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy, which she landed by lowkey forcibly letting Kanye hear her hum to the tracks; a filmography that you can barely count on two hands; a record for the fastest selling Adidas Originals sneakers in history; and a soon to be, once again, reality television icon thanks to her new show Teyana & Iman. And that’s just professionally. In her personal life, Teyana is an incredible mother to her glowing babe Junie, a crusader for real deal love and a person who is sexy all of the time. When you get right down to it, Teyana is the best vibe. Look and listen…Jason Crombie: Recording Artist, Actor, Choreographer, Dancer, Wife, and Mother. What’s your secret for balancing all that, and how much sleep do you get each night?
Teyana Taylor: There’s no secret! But you definitely need balance. I sleep whenever I can, if I’m not working I’m spending time with my baby, my husband, friends and fam. I never calculate the hours. Sometimes only two hours but duty calls.How’s the new album coming along?
Great! The album is actually done, just waiting on some minor tweaks and whatever last minute switches or edits and a green light from Kanye and should be good to go.When can we expect to hear it?
It’s coming in 2018.What’s the storyline, what’s the pace, what’s the listener going to be doing as they hear it front to back?
Mr. West is EP-ing my entire album — you guys will just have to wait and see what magic he’s created!If you could only listen to one record for the rest of your life, what would it be and why?
That’s a hard question. I love music too much to live without it. I don’t know if I can live with only one song. But if I definitely had to pick, it would be Michael Jackson ‘Liberian Girl’.You and Iman have been described on more than one occasion as “the world’s sexiest couple.” What do you think of that?
It’s dope. It’s definitely an honour but flattering at the same time because we both play entirely too much.Are there times when you and/or your husband ain’t sexy at all?
Hmmmm… nope! Gotta be sexy even while eating a 40 piece lemon pepper chicken wing!Are you guys being sexy right now?
Lol I would not say so right now — I am chasing Junie around the house so she can get in the bed.Your daughter was born in the bathroom of your home, delivered by your husband. What happened? What was going through your mind when your water broke?
OMG — a pair of shoulders are about to come out of my vagina!Did Iman for real tie-off your daughter’s umbilical cord with a Beats by Dre cord, and did you keep it for posterity?
Yes he did! The phone operator told him to do it… and we did not keep either of those cords lol.Do you think she will follow in your footsteps and become a musician?
Maybe. She loves karaoke and playing keys, but she also loves basketball as well. Honestly, I can’t predict what Junie will be-come because she’s so diverse at such a young age.How has being a mother changed the way you work?
I go harder of course, I don’t play any games nor do I take shit from anybody. I have more important things and people to live for and that’s Junie.Has being a mother inspired you to work harder?
Absolutely! You always want the best for your kid. If they see you work hard, hopefully it will motivate them to go harder and pass that to another generation.What do you hope your daughter will inherit from you?
My six pack abs lol.What do you hope she’ll get from Dad?
His height.Can Iman easily lift you above his head and, if so, does he sometimes put you in high up places when you’re arguing?
He sure can. He can lift me with one arm. But when we argue we are in full out debate mode. We both wanna get a point across at the same time.Who could beat you in a dance off?
Nobody!!! I’m accepting all challengers.Should everyone dance like no one’s watching, or just the people who don’t look terrible when they dance?
Absolutely, dance like no one’s watching! That’s when you find yourself, get lost in it.What would you say to thirteen year old you if you went back in time and found her?
I was riding skateboards and BMX bikes, and I was OK with that.Have you ever fantasised about working with someone and then you did?
Yes, I’ve had the opportunity to work with so many greats. Except for Janet Jackson — but hopefully that day is coming very soon.Pretend she’s reading this… what’s your idea, what are you doing together?
Hmmmm, I haven’t really come up with the exact concept yet. I’ve been kind of overthinking it. She’s my idol, so it would definitely have to be worth it.You were on ‘My Super Sweet 16’ and it is legitimately glorious. Are you nervous about Junie’s 16th? Are you already saving for her gifts? Who’s performing?
Lol! I haven’t really thought that far ahead yet! However, Junie is so ahead of her time, she might want to perform at her own Sweet 16.Speaking of reality TV — you’re back on and you must be excited! Is there anything that you’re really nervous about sharing with the world?
No, not really. Our show is going to be very family friendly. It’s based on love and also showing the world that we too are just regular imperfect human beings.What are some of the most hectic things that went down during filming?
The long hours of filming and pickups. Other than that, it was really pretty cool.In the promo you say the show is to “inspire love” — why do you think love is especially necessary right now?
To me, love has always been necessary, not just at the moment. When you think of the opposite of love, there’s only hate. We can’t have that. Never could, never will!How’d you get so brave?
I was raised to always stand up for what I believe in, even if it’s not always the popular vote.And, what’s the biggest risk you’ve ever taken?
Maybe motherhood in the midst of a budding career. You never know what can happen.How do you celebrate success? 
By thanking God every day for all of the blessings that have been bestowed upon me.What’s next for TT?
Stay tuned so much coming that I’m excited for you guys to see. More sneakers, more fashion, more movies, more tours, just more everything!The city of Rotterdam is trialling a new idea that’s about to let police stop and question young people who’re way too swaggy for their own good. Basically, if you’re so well dressed that it’s suspicious, they’ll be able to confiscate pieces that people can’t prove they’ve lawfully purchased.It’s not clear what the actual crime is that they’re tackling, but a spokesperson for the public prosecution department has said that “We know they have clothes that are too expensive to wear with the money they get. We’re going to look at how they get those clothes, where did they buy them, from where the money came that they buy them.”Residents are critical, obviously, and are accusing the program for its potential for racial profiling. “Police won’t consider a white guy walking around in an expensive jacket to be a potential drug dealer,” one person said to Vice. “But it’ll be a different story with minorities.”Since Demna Gvasalia’s Balenciaga has literally taken over the internet, it makes sense that the label would partner with your fave online retailer Net-A-Porter (and Mr Porter, for the boys), to allow an exclusive collection of revamped greatest hits.Not swaying from Demna’s warped normcore aesthetic, the pieces, which have been redesigned in new fabrics and (Post-it note!) colours, have been shot at Net-A-Porter HQ and modelled on their unfairly good looking staff.Check it out above and shop it right away here.Gucci know how to win hearts; dabbling in fanny packs, aliens, memes, lol spelling and huge Grandma Yetta vibes. Refusing to let up, they’ve just tapped into the world’s biggest weakness/best friend via their dedicated collection for year of the dog.Shot by the one and only Petra Collins, the campaign features lots of dog-realted products and lots of actual doggos. The dog motifs in the collection were actually inspired by a pillow that Unskilled Worker (artist Helen Downie) gifted to Gucci’s Alessandra Michele. The pillow features Michele’s two Boston Terriers, Bosco and Orso, but the Gucci collection features nearly all the hound heads in Unskilled Worker’s repertoire.Unskilled Worker’s motifs cover men’s and women’s RTW knit sweaters, denim, hoodies and bombers, as well as shoes, handbags, luggage, small leather goods and accessories. There are so many pieces, and so many good boys!Hit the gallery above to get a good look, then sit, stay, beg for your faves.Clavin Klein have hooked up with some of the best fams — blood and bond — for their current ‘Our Family’ campaign. This time, they’ve managed to get all of the Kardashian-Jenner gals in one barn, on one rug, to show off their underwear and denim lines. What they’ve also managed to do, is really stir the pot about Kylie’s rumoured pregnancy.Photographed by Willy Vanderperre, the women manage to pose in an array of formations apart from Kylie who is mostly wrapped in a blanket, hiding behind one of her sisters or just plain absent from a tummy-baring group shot. Of course, the internet has thoughts, feelings and lols: Below, in the campaign video, they play a humble game of ‘never have I ever’. Unfortunately no one talks about babies.Céline fans everywhere were devo when Phoebe Philo’s departure was announced, leaving big, perfectly shoed, feet to fill. Today, it is announced that Hedi Slimane will be jumping in as creative director of the house, beginning work from February 1.WWD reports that Slimane will unveil his first collection in September at Paris Fashion Week, which will also include menswear. The house is then expected to open menswear stores in 2019.Given Slimane’s much-loved work on Dior Homme between 2000 and 2007 — so good that Karl Lagerfeld lost 40kgs just to fit into the pieces — there’s high anticipation to see what he’ll do for the blokes under Céline. As for womenswear, we hope he doesn’t ditch the sculptural minimalism in favour of his old Saint Laurent rock dog vibes.Glenn Martens and his incredible, wobbly, length-fluid label that we love, Y/Project, unleashed a collab with UGG at Paris Fashion Week. As ex-mall rats, ex-bowl moles, and forever bogans, we feel personally attacked. Particularly because this is not the first time fashion has had a crack at the Aussie icon.“The UGG Classic boot is one of the most recognisable shoes in history,” Martens said. “Its timeless and challenging design made it a worldwide statement. Y/Project is about challenges. Since launch we’ve been twisting the grounded codes, we challenged the acceptable and triggered people by putting focus on the unexpected. By reworking the Classic boot with a typical Y/Project twist such as the triple overlaps and the extra-long legs we want to celebrate the UGG brand’s unique history.” These are pretty cute to be fair:So, in a life or death situation, would you choose Y/Project UGGs to wear as your only pair of shoes, or Balenciaga Crocs?If you wanna cop these bad boys, be ready for prices ranging from US$270 to $1380.Dr. Woo is famous for his delicate single-needle tats that favour artsy merit over tough guy status. So famous, that other really famous people line up to get inked by him — Drake, Zoë Kravitz, Miley Cyrus, to name a few. Recently, he had Converse knocking at the door of his very lush, very private studio that sits in the courtyard of LA’s Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel.Converse asked Dr. Woo to take time away from drawing on humans to lend his lines to their most popular pair. The collaboration has resulted in a successfully decorated line of Chucks, available in black and white, that feature Woo’s signature spiders and webs.We managed to pinch some of his valuable time to chat tattoos, LA style, the Chucks legacy and his collab with the brand.You said you wanted to create something that wasn’t expected of you. What do you think people might expect from you, and how is what you’ve done different?
For me, being a visual artist, everyone expects you to carry your craft over into different realms in the sense that you’re sticking to one technique. And I get it, this is what put me on the playing field, but I want to show that I have a broader spectrum with my thoughts. So I didn’t want to just draw some stuff and have them print it on shoes. I’m a fan of designers, so I wanted to bring more too it than more than just a drawing. So we did something a little different, a little more stylised. what I love about the shoe is how it wears and the story that comes with it. Also, we did some exclusive pairs made of leather that I actually tattooed on.Did it feel different to human flesh?
Yeah, definitely!Your actual approach to tattooing is pretty unexpected. You’re a tough looking guy, but your work is quite delicate… Why?
[Laughs] Well tattooing started out for bikers and outlaws, so that toughness is the perception of it. But now that it has progressed, it’s like food with different cuisines. There’s bold stuff, watercolour stuff, and fine line stuff like what I do. At the end of the day, when starting doing what I’m doing, it wasn’t something new to the tattoo world but it was new to the… I don’t want to say the world, but it definitely put a spotlight on this style. I like attention to detail and I just gravitated towards that style.Do you think this idea of tattoos as a sign of strength or symbol of an outcast is outdated?
Um, no, not necessarily, because there are still tattoos that you can get that put you in that category. But if you’re going to get a dolphin jumping out of the water with a rainbow, I doubt that you’re going to be classified as a rough character.I read that you started tattooing because you were rebelling against your parents. What kind of future did they want for you?
As any first generation kid from parents that immigrated here, especially traditional Asian parents, they wanted the four-year college, the doctor, the lawyer. Something that was safe and provided job security. They just want what’s best. But that just wasn’t my vision.Are they eating their words now that you’re famous? Are they cool with it?
[Laughs] You know, I think they’re more pleased that I became a father and had a family. And this, my career path, has provided that. And that makes them perfectly happy.You’ve tattooed loads of celebs, including Drake and Zoë Kravitz… who was the most nervous?
As a rule I never talk about any of my clients.We kind of just want to hear about Drake being a soft little baby…
Ah no, he’s great. He’s a great guy.Have you been tattooed by anyone famous? I imagine as a tattoo artist it must be like collecting…
Yeah, I got into tattooing because I was a collector. I was fortunate enough to be tattooed by my mentor Mark Mahoney and then he offered me an apprenticeship. All the guys at Shamrock Tattoo, those are the legends that I was fortunate enough to collect tattoos from and to learn from.Did putting your artwork on a pair of chucks come naturally? Did it feel like tattooing a foot, being cautious of the placement?
Well I had to be careful not to drip ink onto them, that stuff stains. But it did work out just like skin, just a little bit harder.I imagine it’s like being a kid and drawing on your Chucks…
Yeah, I was always drawing the Stussy ‘S’, 8 balls, webs. It kind of inspired what I do now, I do a lot of tongue-in-cheek stuff like webs — it’s youthful and playful and reminds me of things that I thought were edgy when I was tapping into my darker side.In regards to LA style, I feel its only recently that LA has been credited with as much style as somewhere like New York. What do you think is provoking this?
LA has always been a creative hub but in the past few years I’m seeing it more and more. A lot of factories are moving Downtown and young kids are becoming designers. It’s a reflection of the times, a lot of young kids are growing up to be creative directors and designers. When I was a kid we were just skateboarders or wanted to be indie musicians. Now, every kid around that age wants to be a fashion designer. You never really saw that many young dudes wanting to do that. But it’s driving the market and pushing people. And, now, a lot of big designers actually live here — there are prominent men’s brands coming out of here. It used to be tee shirts and jeans, now it’s a little more avant-garde. It’s cool.Yeah, I know a few visual artists who’ve moved there because there’s more room — which translates to more wall space in homes and people then being actually able to buy more art…
Crazy!A good pair of chucks tells a story, and so does a good mentor. What’s the best story you’ve heard from your mentor Mark Mahoney?
Woah, all his stories about tattooing Sid Vicious and dealing with sketchy criminals. It is a seedy underworld but it’s also a luxury service. Stories about that are pretty cool.You’ve been quoted as saying you’re ready to extend yourself into other creative fields. I mean, you’ve basically just done footwear, and you used to work in fashion… what’s next?
I have a few projects coming up this year but nothing I can talk about fully. Right now I’m meeting people and collaborating when it feels right. Converse is one of those things thats the fabric of personal style — you dictate where the story of that piece goes. As apposed to buying a Saint Laurent biker jacket, you just become that guy… not that that’s wrong, I have one. But you can buy a second hand pair of Cons for $3 and they can become priceless with the way you wear them.Converse x Dr. Woo will be available globally from Converse.com and select retailers beginning January 20, 2018, for a retail price of $180.00.Karl Lagerfeld, who has an exceptionally good eye for 16-year-olds who’re going to make him bank, has recently chosen Kaia Gerber to be his sous chef — or whatever the fashion equivalent is here.Gerber has walked for Chanel twice, so it’s quite a speedy promotion. But, judging by the success of Tommy Hilfiger’s collab with Gigi Hadid, it isn’t unbelievable.WWD reports that the pair will create some ready-to-wear fashions by way of apparel, jewellery, shoes and sunglasses. The range will apparently be a blend of Gerber’s chilled west coast style and Lagerfeld’s “Parisian elegance”, and it’ll be ready to shop by September.“When Karl first told us his idea to collaborate with Kaia, we were all excited by the incredible potential and power of bringing their two worlds together,” Pier Paolo Righi, chief executive officer of Karl Lagerfeld, said in a statement.“We have been working intensely over the last months with Kaia in LA and at our studio in Paris. It was exciting to see her clear vision, passion and engagement, and the collection will definitely inspire many young women.”Launch parties are expected to pop up in LA, New York and Paris.The moment has finally come. Ever since your queen, my queen, our queen uttered those four precious words, she has had Earth’s blessings to create the shadiest merch possible. And we’re not talking about hats here.We’re talking shirts — tea shirts — and mugs for actual tea, adorned with Mariah’s tea-sipping face. There is also a nod to that fond memory we shared together when she lost her tea but then found it again… it lives on through a #foundmytea design.Want to shop it? Of course you do.In typical spirit, Miu Miu have released a cute and fun campaign for SS18. Shot by Alasdair McLellan at Arizona’s Acrosanti — a sort of once experimental township dreamed up by Paolo Soleri, which features incred architecture (designed with ecology in mind) and colour schemes.The dream girl gang lineup starring in the campaign is so huge it could never fit in a headline — of course there’s Elle Fanning and Adwoa Aboah, but also Olivia Anakwe, Edie Campbell, Oumie Jammeh, Faith Lynch, Rianne Van Rompaey and Cameron Russell.Tap the gallery above for a full look.In a new campaign snapped by Willy Vanderperre, Prada open a new chapter of their 365 series and call it ‘Black Nylon’.The campaign draws on the resilience and strength of nylon, and reflects it by way of equally strong women: Gisèle Fox, Kris Grikaite, Imari Karanja, Line Kjaergaard, Fran Summers, Anok Tai and Alyssa Traore all looking damn fine!Watch the campaign film below and scroll through the images above.Anthony Vaccarello has dropped a new Summer 18 campaign for Saint Laurent. It’s one very glam party and we’d like to be invited.The press release simply tells us that the women are “dancing endlessly” — but don’t think we missed the visual shout out to Liquid Sky‘s Margaret, who also found herself dancing to 80s electronic tunes (in this case it’s New Order’s ‘Blue Monday’), inhabiting New York rooftops and dreaming of moving to Berlin.Watch it below:Calvin Klein (and Willy Vanderperre) have been snapping very cute families for their current #mycalvins jeans and underwear campaign. They started with Solange and an excellent ménage of musicians chosen by her, continued with the A$AP Mob, and now they’ve featured sweet angel babies Kaia (who made her runway debut with the brand) and Presley Gerber.Being the children of Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber aka genetic lottery winners, the campaign image is a beauty. The bro and sis team put there heads together and show off their impossible jaw lines as well as a few layers of denim, some tough boots, and a jean dad hat that we’ll have ordered before you finish reading this post.While every decent publication has stopped working with Terry Richardson, women are still coming forward to detail horrible experiences with him in hopes to strengthen others in the industry. A firm warning: these stories may be triggering.Yesterday, Huffington Post published an article wherein designer and model Lindsay Jones speaks publicly about her experiences with Richardson in 2007/08. She said that she decided to come forward now because she “believes it could help other women ― specifically younger women entering the modelling and fashion industry today.”She said that things turned etch as soon as she arrived. “He didn’t let me pass the doorway,” she said. “If anything, he more, like, cornered me in the doorway with his dog and told me to get on my knees immediately. No ‘How are you?’ No coffee offered. No ‘Welcome to my office. This is my bedroom. How was your day? Can I take your bag?’ ― nothing. It was only, ‘Get on your knees.’”Scared, she got on her knees. She then alleges that Richardson exposed himself and told her to “suck his dick.” She says that he then forced his penis into her eye socket, so hard that she though she may have gotten a black eye. Apparently Richardson then masturbated and ejaculated onto her mouth, then told her to “swallow it like a good girl.” He then forced her to leave his studio.Soon after this article was published, New York Daily News published an account from Ford model Caron Bernstein — from 2003, when she was in her mid-30s. She said that soon after Richardson started shooting photos of her, he positioned her on a chair, exposed himself and forced himself into her mouth.“It was like literally being shot with a stun gun. My brain just went on pause,” She said. “I wasn’t doing anything. I wasn’t performing as a model.”She says that after being told she was to portray a fragrance called ‘Sex’ for an editorial in V Magazine, someone handed her a pair of white panties to wear.As Richardson started shooting, the other people on the set exited. This is when he moved in on her an eventually ejaculated on her chest only to continue shooting.Now, not understanding the difference between explicitness and assault, Richardson’s lawyer Brad D. Rose has commented: “Caron Bernstein agreed to shoot sexually explicit photographs with Mr. Richardson, which had no connection to an editorial or advertising campaign for a fragrance product.” He also said that the images “clearly evidence the extremely sexual nature of the shoot as well as Ms. Bernstein’s willing participation in the explicit acts depicted.”To which Bernstein has said: “I didn’t know this man from Adam. I would never walk in somewhere and agree to a sex act with a stranger. I’ve never done that in my entire life. Never in a million years.”It’s been just under a week since male model Jason Boyce filed a lawsuit against Bruce Weber for sexual misconduct, and already a second male model has come forward with similar stories.During a press conference today, Mark Ricketson recalled a time when he was 18 years old and fell victim to Weber. It has been 13 years since the alleged incident, and so California law says he is not able to press charges.Ricketson said he was asked to take of his clothes and touch himself during a meeting with Weber and, just like Boyce’s story, then had his hand forced onto Weber’s genitals.“I’ve talked to other young men who, like me, knew that if we protested or refused, then we would be blacklisted — not just from the photo shoot, but likely from our agency,” Ricketson said. “There is no safe place to go. If you wanted to work, you did what you were told.”Weber is yet to respond to the model’s accusations. While Boyce has since posted a message of encouragement to other men who’ve been in similar situations.Miu Miu have released their holiday campaign and, choosing never to step away from the dream girl aesthetic you know and love, they’ve enlisted all your dream girls to star.Titled Whispers, is features Chloë Sevigny, Dakota Fanning, Sadie Sink and Julia Garner just that — whispering cutely about secret and cryptic things. Watch it below:Alexandra Cabral takes photographs and makes films that are stripped of harsh effects and drenched in grainy nostalgia and sexy emotion. In her latest short, Death Kiss, we meet the most dangerous girl on the planet, who is obvs on the run.Taking on a sexploitation film vibe, we see a very powerful Eline Hoyois star as the wild woman. She’s mostly kissing, tying people up, at looking out of particularly good windows. Widny E Bazile, Payton Morse, and Honor Titus also star — and while they seem to enjoy kissing Eline’s character, it soon becomes obvious that she’s more interested in revenge than romance.Huge fashion photographer Bruce Weber has been accused of sexual harassment. The news comes as model Jason Boyce has filed a lawsuit yesterday, stating he was “subjected to a series of practices by Mr. Weber that were unlike any he had experienced previously.”According to the New York Post, who first reported the story, Boyce claims Weber forced him to remove his underwear — even though he’d not been notified nor approved to pose nude. Further, the suit says “Mr. Weber grabbed Mr. Boyce’s arm, and moved it back and forth, so that Mr. Boyce was forced to rub his own genitals.”The Post also reports that the suit says, “Weber then moved Mr. Boyce’s hand to his own groin and put the model’s fingers in his mouth.” And while Boyce was “terrified and repulsed” Weber allegedly whispered “If you just had confidence, you’d go really far” and “How far do you want to make it? How ambitious are you?”Soon after, Weber called an end to the shoot. But he allegedly grabbed Boyce and kissed him on the lips before he could leave.As well as naming Weber and his company Little Bear Inc. in the lawsuit, modelling agent Jason Kanner and his company Soul Artist Management were also named.Like you needed an excuse to never get dressed ever again, FKA Twigs — ur girl, ur bae — just made a limited edition collection of pyjamas, which she says are “weaved with magic”.The collection features two lush designs, both extra silky. Both the ‘ancient spells’ and ‘protection signs’ prints come in both a long sleeve and pants set, as well as a pair of shorts. To complete the look, there’s an FKA eye mask wherein you can get to adorn your face with her kiss curls, brows (on fleek, ofc) and nose jewellery. Click here to cop and live a life of comfort.In news that you didn’t even think to ask for but got anyway, the Juicy Couture story getting told on TV via a scripted series inspired by the founders. Interested tbh.Titled Juicy Stories, it’s inspired by the memoir The Glitter Plan by cofounders Pamela Skaist-Levy and Gela Nash-Taylor. A real rags to butt diamontes story, it begins in 1997 when they became friends working in an LA boutique and then established the brand in Gela’s one-bedroom hollywood apartment. Their initial $200 investment led to being credited for essentially designing Paris Hilton’s uniform and an eventual $50 million sale of the company.E! have reportedly green lit the pilot, casting and production dates TBA.From Brazil and now based in Paris, Francisco Terra has been working on his label Neith Nyer, directly, since 2013. Before that, he spent some good hours working with Givenchy and Carven. Having just shown a SS18 collection titled ‘Farewell My Sister’ — dedicated to his late, young sister — Francisco is pushing both success and the limits of luxury. For him, fashion could still be a place of artistic expression; for the wearer, there is challenge and reward in assembling his pieces into an outfit. Get to know the collection in the gallery above, featuring backstage shots from the SS18 show. And get to know a little more about Francisco and Neith Nyer below, in the Oyster Collection Survey.Name: Francisco TerraStar sign: CapricornSpirt animal: CatWhere are you from and how has this place, or places you’ve travelled to, influenced your work? 
I am from Belo Horizonte, in Brazil. Neith Nyer is a diary, where I tell my stories and memories. The places I have been and the people around me are the first source of my inspiration.Any personal beliefs or values that are meaningful to you? 
I believe in kindness and hard work, rather than in talent and contacts.Can you tell me a little bit of background on yourself, how/when you started your label, and what you were doing before? 
I was always somehow destined to do fashion. My grandmother Neith Nyer, who gives the name to my brand, was a seamstress herself and I grew up inside her atelier. Before going solo I worked for the United Nations, Givenchy, and Carven until I felt ready and experienced to start my own business. I wanted it to be mature and for it to grow naturally, with no rush, and that is how it has been. What goes up too fast falls too fast, I like the way I have been evolving my style and gaining my space in the industry.What type of person are you designing for?
I don’t think types of people are a thing anymore, subcultures are no longer niche and I design for everyone that feels somehow connected to my work.If the collection was a colour: Powder pinkIf it was a mood: Brazilian cowgirlIf it was an animal: A white horseIf it was a language: PortugueseIf it was a place: Mercês in Minas Gerais, BrazilIf it was a time: 2005If it was a song: Velha Roupa Colorida, BelchiorIf it was a season: Summer, as it actually isIf it was a food: Cotton candyIf it was a famous person: What is fame nowadays?If it was a youtube video: I don’t access youtubeIf it was a smell: Dama da noiteIf it was a texture: SnakeskinIf it was a quote: “I am just a Latin American boy, with no money in the bank and no influential friends.”If it was a film: Lua de CristalIf you can shred on guitar and spend $25,000, then this prize is pretty much made for you. See, Levi’s have just that amount of money to give away to Australian musicians as part of the Levi’s Music Prize. The catch is that you’ve got to have played BIGSOUND between the years 2013 and 2017 (inclusive).Applications close December 9, so you’ve got a couple of weeks to put together your entry — which should include details of a future project you plan to spend the dosh on.If you can’t collect your dreams by December 9, they’ve got a third and fourth round of applications scheduled. Grab all the info here.Photographer Rafael Martinez captures five fresh faces on the streets of NYC.***David Yang @ HEROES Age: 24Where are you from? Glasgow, Scotland. My heritage is Chinese.Star sign: Leo.Currently listening: Chris Isaak – Wicked GameWhat do you do? Model, Write, Travel.Favourite and worst thing about living in NYC? The constant smell of pizza (great) and garbage (not great).Top 3 music artists: Fleetwood Mac, Chet Baker, Ryuichi Sakamoto.Your favourite album of all time: ABBA’s Greatest HitsIf you could meet any historical character, who would that be? Marcel Proust.What scares you the most? Bland food.Most memorable fashion moment: The entire 1970s.Best piece of advice you ever received? Anything from a fortune cookie.Who do you look up to? My cat. He’s huge.Favourite youtube video: The ‘How It’s Made’ videos. As if you didn’t want to know how a lava lamp was made.***Darron Clarke @ IMGAge: 21Where are you from? Trinidad and Tobago.Star sign: LeoCurrently listening: Fever Ray’s new album.What do you do? Sculpt and paint.Favourite and worst thing about living in NYC? Favourite thing is the diverse culture. Worst thing is when people walk very slow on the sidewalks.Top 3 music artists: Lykke Li, Morrissey and Amy Winehouse.Your favourite album of all time: Lykke Li – I Never LearnIf you could meet any historical character, who would that be? Walt Disney.What scares you the most? Black birds.Most memorable fashion moment: When Alek Wek took her wig off at the Betsy Johnson show.Best piece of advice you ever received? Be confident in everything you do.Who do you look up to? My Dad.Favourite youtube video: None in particular, whatever’s entertaining.***Yvens Mendes @ Red Model Management Age: 21Where are you from: I am from Haiti. I came here when I was 7 years old. Now I live in Brooklyn. I am a Brooklyn boy!Star sign: Sagittarius What do you do? Full time student and full time model.Favourite and worst thing about living in NYC? Worst is delays on the trains, favourite is 42 Street.Top 3 music artists: Migos, Kanye and Sam Cook.Your favourite album of all time: I don’t have a favourite album but right now I would have to say…. Jay Z 4:44If you could meet any historical character, who would that be? I would love to meet my grandmother. She passed away before I could meet her.Most memorable fashion moment: My presentation with…Best piece of advice you ever received? The key is to be responsible for you actions especially when there are negative consequences.Who do you look up to? LeBron James.Favourite youtube video: My favourite channel is World Star.***Malik Alain – unsigned Age: 22Where are you from? San Francisco, CA.Star sign: Taurus.Currently listening: Nothing, my headphones are broken.What do you do? I’m a model and a photographer.Favourite and worst thing about living in NYC? Favourite is that you’re never alone, worst is that everything is harder.Top 3 music artists: Lauryn Hill, Beyoncé, Lana del Rey.Your favourite album of all time: The miseducation by Lauryn HillIf you could meet any historical character, who would that be? Makeda aka The Queen of Sheba.What scares you the most? Snakes and failure.Most memorable fashion moment: Balenciaga FW 07 runway show.Best piece of advice you ever received? Count your own checks.Who do you look up to? My parents, Snejana Onopka, Phoebe Philo, Nicolas Ghesquière.Favourite youtube video: “Cloud is out”***Jordan Legessa @ HEROESAge: 25Where are you from? France.Star sign: Virgo.Currently listening: Wave sound.What do you do? Walking and collect butterflies.Favourite and worst thing about living in NYC? The worst for the unconditional blue ash horizon and favourite is to escape her and explore the nature around the city.Top 3 music artists: Ustad Allauddin Khan, Art Tatum, Paganini.Your favourite album of all times: La Journée de l’existence (Ivan Wyschnegradsky)If you could meet any historical character, who would that be? The first man on earth.What scares you the most? The sky falling on.Most memorable fashion moment: In Italy on the set of Missoni, the morning with bells and a frog.Best piece of advice you ever received? To be in time.Who do you look up to? –Favourite youtube video: Part in my playlist, is a whole sound.Last week Off-White founder and creative director, Virgil Abloh, held a workshop at the Nike “The Ten” pop up shop presented by Supply. Those lucky ducks who attended got a personal peep into Virgil’s creative process, and got to flex their own when they DIY’d their own pair of kicks right in front of his eyes. Ta-ku was there, too, to do a live Q+A with Virgil. Suss the gallery above for all the action.After doing the extremely French thing of showing the Summer 18 collection beneath the Eiffel Tower, Saint Laurent has enlisted Kate Moss to live out all of Anthony Vaccarello’s French Nouvelle Vague dreams in a selection of campaign films.The first of the three short films features Moss in black and white backed by the Modernist Villa Malaparte in Capri. She hangs from a helicopter flying low across the water, while Saint Laurent fur hangs from her shoulders. All Jean-Luc Godard references intended.Watch it below:We’ve been hanging out for The Assassination Of Gianni Versace for our entire lives and it is finally almost here. In the mean time, we get the first full length trailer and for real we are audibly shaking.The imagery is simply stunning, like you’d expect anything else from the portrayal of anywhere that Gianni might live/hang out. We also get to see Ricky Martin (as Gianni’s lover Antonio D’Amico in a tiny white tennis outfit covered in blood. And, of course, we see Penelope Cruz (as Donatella) giving the performance of her life.Watch it below:The Assassination Of Gianni Versace: American Crime Story premieres on FX Jan 17, 2018It’s practically impossible to talk about MBFW Tbilisi, or Georgian fashion in general, without bringing up Demna Gvasalia or that time Comme des Garçons shot an incredible campaign there in 1989. They may’ve put the place on the fash map, but there are loads of designers still holding the fort. Russian producer Roman Gunt, photographer Smagina Margarita and their crew spent the week photographing girls and garments to prove it.In the editorial above, models Anna Zhivalova, Ani Chikhladze and Etuna Machavariani show off the best pieces from local designers (and names we’ve backed before) Situationist, Dalood, Lado Bokuchava and George Keburia.Berlin-based designer Nhu Duong knows the feels of changing who you are and how you feel through clothing all too well. In fact, the SS18 collection of her namesake label explores just that liberty: “The freedom and the act of becoming someone else through clothing,” in her words.Producing pieces that are not assigned to traditional ideas of culture, gender and body type is a common thread through Nhu’s work. This SS18 collection focusses specifically on allowing movement on all bodies and merging leisure wear with evening wear, formed on the idea that “You are not what you are, but what you can be.” We are inspired!To celebrate the collection, we asked Nhu Duong to fill out our acclaimed collection survey:Name: Nhu DuongStarsign: VirgoSpirt animal: Night creatureWhere are you from and how has this place, or places you’ve travelled to, influenced your work?
I was born in Ho Chi Minh City and immigrated with my parents to Sweden when I was 7 years old. When you move to a new country as a child — as I immigrated from Vietnam to Sweden — you naturally try to adjust to your new surroundings and to a certain degree reinvent yourself. Fashion can be a very direct expression of that, taking things you may know from one cultural context and putting them in another. Since I was a child I was drawn to shiny materials and objects, making no distinction whether things are real or fake, kitsch or expensive. This is probably has to do with my Vietnamese heritage, where for example plastic flowers often more popular than real ones. I think this fixed idea of identity or notion what is real is what I often try to challenge.Any personal beliefs or values that are meaningful to you?
Kharma.Can you tell me a little bit of background on yourself… how and when you started your label, and what you were doing before?
I moved to Berlin after graduating fashion college in Stockholm. I wanted to be independent and challenge my own creative process and experiment with different way to do fashion. Berlin is like a blank canvas. It is this openness that is at once a blessing and a curse. In terms of fashion it is not really connected to a fashion style or a certain aesthetic. For me this creates a certain distance from the fashion industry and allowed me to approach my practice in an open manner — connecting with other practices such as art and music.What type of person are you designing for?
Through my work and NHU DUONG as a label, I aim to question traditional boundaries of culture, gender, body types and class in favour of a more fluid notion of identity.If the collection was a colour: Earth tones with a green accentIf it was a mood: DisplacedIf it was an animal: MothIf it was a language: Vietnamese with a Swedish accentIf it was a place: NatureIf it was a time: The nightIf it was a song: Hallucinations – dvsnIf it was a season: SS18If it was a smell: Cedar, amber and mothballIf it was a texture: Crinkled and crushedIf it was a quote: You are not what you are, but what you can be.After four years of making sure people in Melbourne are wearing cool, rare and very fun clothing, Octavius La Rosa is bringing his legendary dot COMME collection to Sydney.If you’ve not heard of him, you ought to be blown away that he has a collection of some 2500 pieces of archival Comme des Garçons, Junya Watanabe, Issey Miyake, Yohji Yamamoto and Walter Van Beirendonck, which he has been adding to for 10 years. His stuff dates back to the 80s and wearability doesn’t come into question — no sculptural runway piece is deemed too precious for the streets.His collection is so damn impressive that Opening Ceremony gave dot COMME a whole heap of floorspace during the Met’s Comme des Garçons exhibition in May. Now it’s Sydney’s turn!Octavius is bringing a curated selection of over 200 pieces which he says Sydney will love. To whet our bank accounts, we asked him to detail three standout pieces he’s bringing…Comme des Garçons AW98 deconstructed sleeveless cut away dress (worn over a jacket in the picture). Most pieces in this collection were reversible, made to be worn both ways and sometimes multiple ways:Comme des Garçons SS99 velvet half dress. Half is cut away and a sheer layer holds the other half to the body:Comme des Garçons SS06 psychedelic Rolling Stones lip and tongue jacket. A Rolling Stones collaboration using the famous print in multiple fabrics and colour ways:The store is open from November 16-19, 10:30am-5:30pm, at 5 Comber St Paddington. The first 50 customers get a limited edition black dot COMME tote bag.Kenzo creative directors Carol Lim and Humberto Leon aren’t new to making cool decisions or making films. They worked with Spike Jonze, Natasha Lyonne, Carrie Brownstein, Khalil Joseph and more on fashion films and have made a feature with Kirsten Dunst. This time, they’re giving young international directors a platform in Kenzo Season Zero.Filmmakers Mati Diop, Baptist Penetticobra and Eduardo Williams were given the question “How do we inhabit Earth today?” to prompt their work. Mati responded with Olympus, which follows her model brother Gard Diop on a barely-lit cruise through Paris; Baptist portrayed a black Mona Lisa with a fondness for orange juice, and called it Untitled (Juice); Eduardo made Tzzd wherein an elf sleeps and dreams on the subway.Watch all three below:The theme for the 2018 Met Gala has been announced! It has been known for a while that it would be centred around religion, but it’s now officially Heavenly Bodies: Fashion and the Catholic Imagination.The gala will take place at three different locations, which is a first for the event. It’ll all go down between the Anna Wintour Costume Centre at the Metropolitan Museum of Art, the medieval galleries at the Met’s Fifth Avenue location and the Cloisters in Upper Manhattan.Vogue has also reported that the event will be hosted by our god and actual holy spirit of the Met Gala, Rihanna, plus Amal Clooney and Donatella Versace. The exhibit will showcase Versace, Coco Chanel and John Galliano pieces, plus the papal pieces from the Sistine Chapel. Mega.It’ll be interesting to see how celebrities interpret the theme, which chief curator Andre Bolton hopes will show how “material Christianity” has helped form “the Catholic imagination”.Created by two women from Sweden, NH(O)RM are taking everything you know about Scando dressing and throwing the boring bits out the window. Sure, there are clean lines and high functionality, but the textiles are a mix of futuristic and nostalgic, and the details bring together the femininity of vintage with the coolness of sportswear. They’ve been producing super interesting pieces for a few seasons, but their SS18 ‘Essentials’ collection — which was recently presented in Paris — has got to be their best yet. To Celebrate it, we asked designers Mathilda Nilsson and Hanna Rudebeck to fill out our collection survey:Name: NH(O)RMStarsign: Taurus x 2Spirt animal: Brown labradorWhere are you from and how has this place, or places you’ve travelled to, influenced your work?
We’re from Sweden, so the Scandinavian heritage of clean lines and function runs deep in us. However, maybe not in it’s original form – our work is a lot about using the already existing turning it into something else. Like sports wear and functional detailing becoming evening dresses and decoration in our designs.Any personal beliefs or values that are meaningful to you?
Be kind.Can you tell me a little bit of background on yourself, how/when you started your label, and what you were doing before?
We met when studying together back in 2010 and soon decided to work together. Since then it has been a constant project, taking different shapes over time. Right now we’re focusing on unexplored parts of our business like sales and production.What type of girl are you designing for? 
Any age and type of somewhat fashion-conscious person really – our aesthetics combines the “classic elegant” with the quirky, all executed with a raw finish. It’s up to the wearer which part of the NH(O)RM character that is emphasised.If the collection was a colour: Light blueIf it was a mood: IndecisiveIf it was an animal: PorpoiseIf it was a place: Maho BeachIf it was a time: 23:30If it was a song: Despacito – Justin Bieber versionIf it was a season: Scandinavian non-summerIf it was a food: Nicoise saladIf it was a famous person: Susan SarandonIf it was a YouTube video:If it was a smell: CucumberIf it was a texture: like a sandy watermelonIf it was a film: The big blueSome gals are born lucky, and Sasha Belyaeva has got to be a prime example. Not only does she have the face of a cherub and bright eyes that just so happen to match her hair, she’s also a sweet sensation when it comes to music (watch her shred on guitar and violin below). Obsessed, obvs, we had to get to know her…
Name: AlexandraNickname: SashaStar sign: SagittariusWhere are you from: Mother RussiaWhat do you do/ like to do?
I enjoy singing covers of my favourite songs, playing guitar and violin.. my passion is to inspire people with my music.  And I love a good afternoon nap!Which song are you always listening to? 
La Femme-Mystere.Who are your three favourite musicians/bands?
Hmm hard to choose but I really love Joy Division, Bjork, Nick Cave.If you could meet any historical character, who would that be?
Pyotr Tchaikovsky; Russian composer who’s music I adore.Who’s your favourite anime character? Why?
Goldfish Ponyo, who is definitely one of the cutest characters who has ever existed.What scares you most?
Cockroaches.Best piece of advice you ever received?
Even if everything is wrong act like it’s exactly how it has to be.Who do you look up too?
Myself I guess Favourite youtube video?Lonely Lingerie have made an entire thing about catering to all different bodies with their beautiful lace knickers and inspirational Lonely Girls. Now, they’re adding mum bodies to the list.It turns out mums, or soon to be mums, require a few extra things when it comes to undies: easy open clips above the cup, additional support, adjustable bands and, as it turns out, an extra lining of soft antimicrobial bamboo for absorption. You’d better believe Lonely have got you covered.Lonely founder Helene Morris has three babes, she she’s coming from a tried and tested place here. “Motherhood is a time when women give over their bodies and a large part of their identity to another being,” she says. “Lingerie requirements can often feel symbolic of this process. Lonely Maternity is designed to make mothers feel beautiful and special at a time when they’re often forced to compromise their choices.”Check out some snaps of the line above, which includes the Bonnie Maternity Bra, the Bonnie Crop and the Bonnie High Waist Brief. And if that doesn’t make you want to have a baby and breastfeed in public, idk what will.Alasdair McLellan has captured a bit of that British charm for Burberry’s new collection by enlisting the very expressive Cara Delevingne and dapper af Matt Smith for a photoshoot and accompanying video.Showing off what the label is best at, the photos and clip feature patterned scarves and knits, laminated trench coats, accessories that are both fuzzy and blingy, as well as tartan totes.Watch the pair goof around to Pet Shop Boys ‘Always On My Mind’ below:Proenza Schouler just revealed the launched of Proenza Schouler White Label, an extension of its RTW situation that’ll have a way more caj vibe wth denim, tees, sweaters and outerwear. Coolgirl stuff. So, obviously, they got the ultimate Coolgirl to front the campaign.Chloë Sevigny poses is eclectic locations, showing off what the brand sees as “everyday wardrobe staples and riffs on a set of references explored in past Proenza Schouler collections: from early Powell Peralta videos to the graphic work of Guy de Cointet, from Harmony Korine’s Kids to the work of friends like Dan Colen.”The collection will hit stores and online November 6, and prices sit around $195 to $1,195.Straight up, Luka Isaac is the new king of Paris nightlife and Kate Moss thinks he’s got the look.He’s racking up a list of fashion achievements to be reckoned with: he is one of only five (including Kate) signed to Kate Moss Agency; he is running the best party in Paris (through which he collaborates with the likes of Saint Laurent for fashion week after parties); and his personal brand is totally locked down.Luka grew up in Marseille, where he started making music and organising events with his group Metaphore Collectif (which is still running today). Back then, he was also working on an experimental music project and a black metal band, and he was wearing Nike TNs or Prada America’s Cups with major Sergio Tacchini outfits.Swiftly moving on to the Paris nightlife, he launched the now-infamous Kaliante party in 2016, borne from the want to create a “futuristic and fresh way to celebrate”. Keeping the fickle party crowd continually entertained, Luka says he uses “the roots of the culture where the night is taking place” and enlists new set designers and different themes for each event. Up next, the idea is to “connect more and more with the art scene and museums.”He says things are more classic when it comes to his style right now, with his Adidas pants and Pierre Cardin shoes. As for the music, he’s a resident DJ at Kaliante and developing a techno project called LKNF that’s on track for a 2018 release.One of the best parties he’s ever been to (aside from his own) was on 1 May 2017 at the Berghain Lab in Berlin. And the best fantasy party he can think up? “The perfect venue would be a volcano, Roxy Music would play and all of my friends on the guest list,” he imagines, and “the last song would be Bronski Beat’s ‘Turn Away’.” As for his dreams for the future, he says he’s got too many to talk about.He first met Kate when they were working together on a shoot with Mert and Marcus. Not long after, he found himself jumping ship to her new — and much-hyped — talent agency.We’re especially stoked to present this exclusive shoot for Oyster , since neither Luka nor any other Kate Moss Agency models have previously shot with an Australian magazine. For the occasion, we decide to keep it characteristically low-key, taking Luka and some threads from our mates at Y/Project, Balenciaga and Vejas on a road trip out of Paris and into the French countryside.Terry Richardson, who is somehow still getting work (including his current Valentino campaign!!) after multiple sexual harassment claims, has been banned from working with a bunch of major fashion publications. To see the industry, which is obvs riddled with this kind of shit, take action, is bloody brilliant.Vogue, GQ, Glamour and Vanity Fair are among the titles that will not work with him again. the news comes after an email circulated within the Condé Nast group, where staff were told that “any shoots that have been commission[ed] or any shoots that have been completed but not yet published, should be killed and substituted with other material”.While no new sexual harassment claims have been made, the decision from Condé Nast comes after The Sunday Times published an article over the weekend that questioned the fashion industry’s support and continued hiring of Terry Richardson. The article specifically pointed out that Terry was recently photographed hanging out with British Vogue editor Edward Enninful and attended NYFW shows last month.The Huffington Post blog published a letter wherein Terry denied the allegations but called them “rumours” in the title and also compares himself to Robert Mapplethorpe and Helmut Newton. Ugh.It reads: “I collaborated with consenting adult women who were fully aware of the nature of the work, and as is typical with any project, everyone signed releases. I have never used an offer of work or a threat of rebuke to coerce someone into something that they did not want to do. I give everyone that I work with enough respect to view them as having ownership of their free will and making their decisions accordingly, and as such, it has been difficult to see myself as a target of revisionist history.”via The TelegraphMaxine Beiny’s AW17 left us dead on the floor for real. It featured shirting with ridiculously cool collars, thigh slits and cardigans with sex appeal — pulled together with o-ring belts, slightly speedy sunnies, chunky sneakers and half clipped back bangs.For SS18, Maxine Beiny has not disappointed — it is very ‘dress for the job you want, not for the job that is crippling your ability to literally just live your best life’ and presents some very OTT fabric combinations. When we asked Maxine to fill out our collection survey, we were not surprised by the amount Jenny Humphery/Gossip Girl references.Name: Maxine BeinyStarsign: AquariusSpirt animal: PigletWhere are you from?
London.Any personal beliefs or values that are meaningful to you?
Live by the sword die by the sword.What type of girl are you designing for? 
Me when I do my admin.If the collection was a colour: Red, the colour of loveIf it was a mood: SEXY/SAUCY/MYSTERIOUS/MISCHIEVOUSIf it was an animal: PantherIf it was a language: EnglishIf it was a place: The officeIf it was a time: 6pm waiting for work to endIf it was a song: Work from Home – U.S. GirlsIf it was a season: SummerIf it was a food: Sausage rollIf it was a famous person: Jenny Humphrey from Gossip GirlIf it was a YouTube video:If it was a smell: Cheap wineIf it was a texture: LaceIf it was a quote: “Morning, Upper East Siders. Hope you had a good night’s sleep. Or at least a good night’s play.”If it was a film: Mean GirlsThis season, Ellery — evidently a label for power ladies — presented a new collection by way of a four-room presentation with digital and live music components. Enough about the way the collection was shown, though, because the way it was put together is way more important.Ellery’s signature silhouettes, which provide a certain strength through broadness, were ever present. As were swishy pants, unique textiles, accented tailoring and lots of shirring. It was all held together by the accessories: oversized ornaments hanging from ears balanced masculine jackets, shoe ribbons tied around pant ankles was both editorial and utilitarian, 70s disco collars added length where width would have been overpowering. The gallery above shows it all.Chanel reached a point of clarity, or is it clearness? With see-through accessories, from rain hats and thigh-high boots, to giant tear drop earrings and leather Chanel bags inside transparent Chanel bags (dreams! wealth!). Check it out above and below.Ever since Demna took over Balenciaga things have gotten a little bit crazy. This season, he did not disappoint in polarising people. That’s because he sent out a fine selection of Crocs… with platforms. Perfect for when you’ve got to work hospo at 7 but fashion blog at 8.So, the question on everyone’s all-weather lips: Will you cop?Two weeks ago, Givenchy set free some hints about the new collection, which just so happens to be Clare Waight Keller’s debut as artistic director for the house. The clues were feline — reflecting her exploration of the archives, where she found evidence of a love of animals and a collection of silk prints from 1953 featuring a photo-realistic cat with orange eyes.Watch the refs come to life via the live stream below at 6pm AEST.NZ babe Lily Gibson just launched her vintage shop Super Mizu Store and goddamn it is good! Lots of Comme and Issey, but also Dries, Gosha, Louis Vuitton, dreams, dreams, dreams. She sources all her stuff in Tokyo, where she’s lived for the past 2 years, inspects them for legit any signs of wear, and then puts a pretty fair price on them. Check out some of the pieces above, in the campaign imagery shot by our gal Imogen Wilson.Below, get to know Lily and her Super Mizu Store — and find out why shopping at her shop is the right thing to do.Can you tell me a little bit of background on yourself, how/when you started Super Mizu, and what you were doing before?
I’ve been living in Tokyo for the past two years and have, of course, always loved Japanese fashion & the culture around recycling everything, including clothes. I came home to NZ for summer and saw this new fascination people have with Japan, which was super exciting for me because I’ve been solely obsessed with Tokyo since I started studying Japanese at 15. While it may be seen as a trend at the moment, I know that Japanese quality, design & craftsmanship are values that everyone will appreciate forever.I wanted to start Super Mizu basically to make the clothing I love more accessible to everyone, and to encourage people to dress more creatively & subversively, with less restriction around gender and ‘appropriateness’. Mix it up! It was important to me to use recycled clothing as a more sustainable option but especially because it’s so much more affordable. Without my access to quality recycled clothing I wouldn’t have half my wardrobe! I’m excited for designs from Comme des Garçons, Yohji Yamamoto, & Issey Miyake for example, to be within the realm of possibility for more people.What can shoppers expect from your collection? As in, what makes it the best place to find vintage items?
Japan is seen as such a mysterious, impenetrable culture & market, and that’s largely because it is. Speaking Japanese and spending a few years getting to know the culture and character of the recycle market means I have the confidence that I know the value of the items I’m buying, and know that they’re things you can’t find outside Japan, and never for a reasonable price! I’m not picking things that are a dime a dozen, either. The garments I find are hard to come by, even in Tokyo, because people there know they’re special. More importantly, the quality & condition of vintage in Tokyo is unlike anywhere else in the world. Garments usually have zero visible signs of wear, and some things from 15 years ago still have the tags attached. I really focus on quality when I buy, I only buy things I think will last a really long time and wear well.How do you source your stuff?
I source every garment by hand in Tokyo, from a wide variety of vintage & recycle suppliers, collectors and friends who specialise in different styles. I buy things keeping in mind the potential lifespan of a garment – I want the next person who falls in love with it to wear it for years to come.You source mostly from Tokyo — can you share some city tips? (doesn’t have to be fashion-related… can be food, parks, bars etc)
On a lazy Sunday I usually start at Fuglen or Little Nap in Tomigaya for coffee and a chat with whoever is there. Then I walk up to Aoyama and stop in at my friend Sarah’s amazing restaurant, OUT, to see if she’s available for lunch (she’s not because she works hard). Then I’ll go to check out the beautiful stores in Aoyama like Yohji Yamamoto, Comme des Garçons, the four different Issey Miyake stores, Acne, and my favourite select boutique, SUPER A MARKET. Usually hungry by this point, I hit CITYSHOP salad bar, A to Z café for obento, or find something from one of the food trucks at Commune 2nd. Then I’ll stop in at Aoyama Farmer’s Market to get my veggies and maybe some treats, and have a second coffee from Little Cloud Coffee inside the visvim store. One level up from visvim is the Comme des Garçons GOOD DESIGN SHOP, which has good home basics like storage units, scissors and cushions. Sometimes, if I have money I need to get rid of, I go to the ISETAN food hall to get specialty food ingredients and look at the amazing produce and prepared food. The Beams store close by is the best place to buy gifts – beautiful home wares & art from different regions of Japan. Sometimes I end the day with a nap in the MUJI store’s furniture section, just like everyone else does. I usually walk home through Yoyogi Park. I love seeing all the families and dogs and performers on the weekend, including the rockabilly dancers who are there without fail every Sunday.Three pieces you wish you could keep for yourself…
Perfect Leather Skirt – vintage bright orange Louis Vuitton mini skirt. It’s almost cartoon-ish looking, and has great buttons.
Vintage Rick Owens Dream Waterfall Pants make your legs go on forever and are so comfy. Love an elasticated waist band.
Junya Watanabe Wing Shirt – incredible shape and beautiful soft cotton make it the perfect update to a white shirt. I can really see myself wearing it when I need to get things done!What items from your personal collection will you never sell?
I’d probably sell anything, really. Especially now that I’m launching SMS and am hoping people will like what I like, if someone loved something of mine I’d be over the moon to share it with them. Clothes should have many lives. Need my red Prada backpack, though (that’s a given).If Super Mizu were a colour: neon sign pink
If it were a mood: Schemin’
If it were an animal: a very gentle Italian greyhound
If it were a language: broken Japanese (of course)
If it were a place: Yoyogi Park on a Sunday afternoon
If it were a smell: Fresh figs!
If it were a time: Saturday, 7am
If it were a song: Bills, Bills, Bills by Destiny’s Child for no other reason than that it’s a feminist banger and it’s ironic because I have zero dollars
If it was a season: late Spring – nearly too hot to wear a jacket but you try anyway in the name of good taste
If it were a YouTube video:Oyster #111 contributor and, (let’s be honest) star, Glenn Martens, has produced another bloody unbelievable collection for Y/Project. Delving further into his narrative of both wearable and weird af editorial statement pieces, he doesn’t stray from this idea of clothing that can be personalised — scrunched, cropped, layered, folded, fastened; depending on the individual wearer.“The mood is fresh, easy and elegant,” the post-show press release reads, “Featuring intelligent design and somewhat preppier looks still with Martens’ masterful deconstruction twists that have created the codes of his sexy sporty couture.”With organza jeans, Swarovski and pearl embroidered bodysuits, floral spiral heels and giant twisting jewellery, we love it!Because the 90s will forever be the coolest time to be alive and putting outfits together, some wardrobe essentials just can’t die. The latest to be brought back in front of our elated eyes is the fat skate shoe — a revival we’ve personally got to attribute to the styling work of Oyster regular and fave Sarah Starkey.In any case, DC Shoes are taking their comeback seriously, launching a new collection based of old faithfuls. To celebrate, DC Australia invited kiwi photographer Imogen Wilson to shoot an editorial showcasing products from their new 94 Collection.The new collection, which is now very much available to buy, features both wide profile/fat tongue works of art, as well as a pretty on trend range of apparel. Tap through the gallery above, which spotlights DC’s heritage collection, through the lens of Imogen Wilson, and get ready for peak nostalg.Gucci threw nearly 100 years worth of mood boards into a blender and churned out such a radical collection this week. In the gallery above, photographed at the collection fittings, you can take a closer look at the details that made the collection POP.Zoom in on crowns-as-necklaces, lurex stirrup socks, faux cartilage jewellery, glittery everything — including logo hair clips!Your girl Lana Del Rey has created some new tour merch and it is damn fine. How do we know? Because, in typical LDR style, she uploaded a sexy home movie that is somewhere between an unboxing and the fashion shows you perform for yourself after a day spending your rent on solid looks.The Lust For Life merch is out tomorrow, and by the looks of things there’s lots of rose embroidery. We see a pretty epic windbreaker, a t-shirt, and a cap — all to the building sounds of string music.As well as teasing your new wardrobe, Lana also announced she’ll be releasing tour dates next week.If you’re hip to the street style scene, you may’ve noticed a few ladies incorporating sporty bum bags in a cross-body, high fash/low fash kind of way. Adding to this ~trend~ is Gucci’s reveal of small bags during last night’s show.They rolled out a show that referenced legit everything — if you saw @diet_prada‘s takeover of their insta stories, you would’ve noticed Sega typefaces, historical in-jokes, figure skating refs and so much more. But they also brought out fanny packs!Teamed with everything from sparkly gowns to jeans and vintage-look tees, Gucci are really making this an accessory that can boost any genre of look. We’re here for it.If you haven’t heard of SUKU Home, you’ve been sleeping under a rock in really devo/uncomfortable pyjamas. But, now that you’ve clocked them, things are about to change. They make comfy bamboo rayon and linen leisurewear and bedding, hand dyed with traditional Balinese techniques. Their new collection ‘Wide Open Road’ brings flowy dresses, jumpsuits that you’ll want to stay in for at least 4 days straight, and lots of other really nice pieces. To celebrate the new stuff, we asked Chrissy to fill out our big bad collection survey: If the collection was a colour: YellowIf it was a mood: BlissfulIf it was an animal: BumblebeeIf it was a language: The language of flower – it’ll be easier for all of us to understand!If it was a place: On the roadIf it was a time: MiddayIf it was a song: Time of the Season – The ZombieIf it was a season: Summer!If it was a food: Chips! Can it be a drink? Haha we drank tumeric latte every night when we shot this campaign – thanks to Charlie Brophy!If it was a famous person: Anthony BourdainIf it was a YouTube video: If it was a smell: CinnamonIf it was a texture: SUKU’s new soft linen’s texture from our summer travel essentials!If it was a quote: “We travel, some of us forever, to seek other states, other lives, other souls.” – Anais NinIf it was a film: Little Miss Sunshine, 2006Gucci are literally moments away from sending a new collection down the runway at Milan Fashion Week. Undoubtedly, Alessandro Michele has created a collection that’ll be a close contender for winning Fashion Week(s).As usual, we know nothing about the show apart from the aesthetics of the invitation. We’re picking up hypnosis, mysticism, tarot, a time where candles were used instead of light bulbs, and stick and poke tattoo vibes. The only way to know for sure is to hit play below when the time is right. (That’s Wednesday September 20 at 3pm CET or 11pm Aus time).There’s very little urgency in the work of Matthew Adams Dolan — and in 2017, this is a compliment. Even more so considering Dolan’s recent relocation from Sydney to New York and that he now counts Rihanna as a fan. He’s considered: textiles are detailed in their quilting, bunching and fraying; yet flexible: loose threads propose that there’s still work to be done, or new possibilities and forms to morph into. Proportions oscillate between shrunken fits and surging hemlines, with a sense of flux, freedom and full-body JNCO nostalgia.The absolutely beaut Ellery FW17 collection has just landed in stores and, to celebrate, Ellery have come up with an artistic way to represent the pieces.Instead of your usual image set, this release sees a runway film, edited by Duc Thinh Dong and accompanied by magical music from Maxime Sokolinski. Runway footage is interrupted by psychedelic backstage scenes, helping to tell the story of the collection: “the electric awakening of a traditional, bourgeois woman who goes on a journey of self-discovery.”Along with the film, arty image parings have been put together by photographer Sascha Heintze and Kym Ellery. So chic!Burberry are about to send their new collection down the LFW runway and, while things are pretty hush-hush, we do have a few details. The venue is the beaut Old Sessions House in London, and things kick off on Saturday 16 September 7pm BST (that’s Sunday 17 September 4am AEST).Hit the play button below when the time is right, and at the end of the show you’ll be able to shop the collection immediately.Sick chick Simone — known on the interwebs as Slick Woods — is a cool-as-hell model and all-round good vibe who currently lives in New York City. Although she kicked off her career fairly recently, she’s already been killing it in campaigns for Calvin Klein and hit the runway for brands like Tyler, The Creator’s Golf Wang and Kanye’s Yeezy Season 4. We caught up with Simone in Brooklyn and fell in love with her realness and down attitude instantly.Ava Nirui: Where are you from?
Simone Thompson: North side Minneapolis, MN.Who/what inspires you?
Old heads, anything from Vietnam vets to retirees… I love old ways to style clothes. I feel like it was more about necessity then.What’s the best thing about modelling?
That people that think you’re mad cool for just being you. It’s a beautiful thing being so accepted, and the ridicule for just being you is dope too because people care and that’s always a good thing.What do you do for fun?
Hi, my name is Simone and I’m obsessed with people watching.Can you describe your experience shooting for the unique “I __ in #mycalvins” Calvin Klein campaign?
It was fun, very few people can make me nervous. The interviewer was so bold, I loved it. It’s great to work with such talented photographers like Tyrone and Mark — I’m all about good energy especially when working.What have you been listening to lately?
GUWOP.What’s the best/worst thing about New York?
Worst thing is how everyone has tunnel vision and doesn’t really see how fucked up the city is. Best thing is how generous the people that have nothing are.What was the sickest thing about walking for Golf Wang and working with Tyler, The Creator?
Man, he let me do me stupendously — no rules. I got to act an ass backstage and do my thing.How do you think the term “model” has changed and is changing? 
I think model used to be a figure that purposely appeared unattainable. I’m changing that by answering your question in this moment. Man, I’m definitely an out-of-pocket pick for a model, I say what I want and do what I want. There’s definitely a Naomi Campbell in my Slick but I’m doing it my way.How do you think social media has impacted the current and next generation of models?
My generation mistakably uses social media as a template for their lives, careers and romantic relationships. It’s so petty. Business-wise it’s a great tool for networking but I don’t advise letting it take over your soul. I feel like every time I’m at a casting it’s a room full of models staring at pictures of themselves. I’m here to tell you all, you look great.What attitudes and ideas do you think characterise your generation?
Creatives, man, just misguided creatives the world isn’t ready for.What’s the best thing about being alive in 2016?
It’s dope to be able to FaceTime your grandma, that’s pretty much it.What’s one thing that you hope changes in the next 20 years?
Acceptance of each other as equal.Where do you see your career going in the long-term?
I’m a model until I’m not.What does the future look like to you? 
I have a revolutionary shoe showcase coming soon and a thread line that old people are going to kiss me twice for.Originally published in Oyster #109Because fashion is literally the best thing ever, a new label has emerged out of Melbourne that consists of velour tracky dacks that are both good enough to die in on a Sunday morning, but also lush enough to look heaps hot in on your Tuesday morning ‘I’ve got my shit together this week’ pre-work coffee. Finally.Created by our resident beauty expert Colette Miller, DAX (great name, it has not been lost on us), you can count on the imagery being as extra as she is irl — take a look above. To celebrate the launch of this crucial label, we asked Colette to fill out our collection survey…If the collection was a colour: Red
If it was a mood: Post mental breakdown
If it was an animal: Scorpion
If it was a language: Broken English
If it was a place: The airport duty free shop
If it was a time: Early in the morning
If it was a song: A one hit wonder
If it was a season: Something mild, probably autumn
If it was a food: Unsweetened iced tea
If it was a famous person: Disgraced reality TV star
If it was a YouTube video: Fabio being hit in face with goose, while riding rollercoasterIf it was a smell: Knock-off designer fragrance
If it was a texture: Silky
If it was a quote: Crawling on the floor is hard, on your knees. But you can make a really great entrance that way.
If it was a film: Piranha 3DDRead our interview with Y/Project creative director Glenn Martens.The latest Parisian brand to land all over your Instagram feed is Y/Project, currently under the creative direction of Belgian genius Glenn Martens. You’ve seen his jeans before — the ones that detach at the panty-line. And you’ve either tagged a friend and lolled about them, or you’ve been putting $50 a week aside until you can buy them. And so you should.Interviewing Glenn Martens made me nervous. Although our fashion editor assured me he’s perhaps the nicest man in Paris, he’s also an architecture graduate, a top Central Saint Martins alumnus, and someone who’s worked with Jean Paul Gaultier as well as successfully creating an eponymous label, not to mention his current title at Y/Project. He is so much smarter and cooler than me — I’m too impressed by what he does.Naturally, I dial his number wrong twice. When I finally get through, I tell him that I’m nervous — as if that has ever made a social situation less awkward for anyone ever. But he thanks me and lets me know that he’s nervous too — it’s his first time working with an Australian magazine, especially this closely.I find myself assuring him that Australians really like what he does, he assures me that we’re going to be fine in the interview. I breathe a little bit too loudly and get the uncomfortable questions out of the way first…Hayley Morgan: So, was assuming your role at Y/Project a difficult decision? With a team in mourning and an aesthetic that, as it turns out, is quite different to what you’re producing now…
Glenn Martens: Yeah, it’s obviously super complicated to take over a brand in mourning. There’s really no good way of doing that when the whole team is in mourning and also the clients, so you try to do it in a sensitive way. I knew Yohan, because I worked for him years earlier — I used to be his assistant a long time ago — so for me, it was quite emotional. A lot of people had an emotional connection with him, so it was a friend who had passed away. While we were trying to get over the emotional struggle, we also had to try to make the company survive. And the company was very young, it had only been there for three years, so it was very much focused on Yohan as a person [at that point]. He was this two-metre tall, super skinny guy, very enigmatic, like a character from a Tim Burton movie. The customer really bought into him and his personality, so it was a miracle that [the company] survived after his death. When I arrived, I had to build on the brand and, out of respect of Yohan, keep his identity. The first collection was quite dark, with a lot of leather, but slowly I added a bit more contemporary parts and more personal parts of me.What parts of Yohan’s mission or feeling have you held onto?
In the beginning Y/Project was very leather-based, so it was very important to keep that vibe — without even using leather, but to really treat the material in a very sharp way, like it would have a technique, a lot of raucous. And very elongated silhouettes that were coming from the whole leather history and treatment of leather. And as Yohan was very tall, the silhouettes were very elongated. They were actually very popular for women, even though his collections were only menswear.Which is obviously why it felt so natural for you to shift the focus to womenswear?
That’s something that directed us. When I came to Y/Project, we started womenswear even though it was actually menswear put together on a woman. It was very tricky because people were not understanding it so much when things were oversized or a little bit too long. We had to explain to our customer that this was our idea of womenswear, even though we don’t see menswear and womenswear as a different thing. For me, it’s more about clothes growing on the person and creating an identity because of the person who is wearing it. When the gender fluid hype arrived, we were very lucky because we didn’t have to explain it any more. And still 40 percent of our collections are gender fluid, but not in the classic way of making an asexual piece — it’s more about the identity of the wearer in combination with the versatility of the piece. You really have to make a choice in the morning — you have to choose if you scrunch things down, unclip things, or change layers. I think it’s fun. This is all a continuation from Yohan’s work. He created a very gender fluid brand without knowing it and out of this came our whole ideology.It’s interesting that you keep talking about Yohan’s actual elongated self, and now you’ve created an identity out of sleeves and jeans that are twice as long as they traditionally should be…
It’s true that the double length legs and stuff are definitely coming from Yohan. Your interest in architecture seems to have influenced the obvious structure play of your designs…
There’s never a literal wink to architecture — I graduated in architectural studies but never worked in it — however my view on being creative is very architectural. In the beginning, I really saw clothes as constructions and I was very focused on and obsessed with how to construct clothes and make fabric stand in a certain way. It’s never an intention to refer to architecture but I think you can see an architectural vibe at a certain point. There’s a lot of experimental construction in the brand and we’re really playing with gravity.Since you have an appreciation for buildings and space, I want to know what your studio looks like…
It’s very, very basic. We’re in Paris so it’s very French-looking. It’s minimal — we moved in last year just before Fashion Week and never had the time to do it up, then we started growing and now we have to move again. Everyone shares long desks – I share my desk with four different people — but it’s working. For me, this is a luxury to be growing and growing.I’ve read in lots of interviews that you like people-watching, this is where you’re most inspired. What are some of your favourite spots to watch people?
It’s the metro — I love the metro. Everybody hates it and I can understand why, because it’s always super crowded and there’s no air-conditioning and it smells, but I love it. I’m a little bit blessed because I live on the same line as the office so I never have to change. But sitting on the train, where I can’t work, I like to watch people. It’s interesting, all these people from different backgrounds, all stuck together for 20 minutes. It’s kind of cute. And it’s nice to get out of the bubble of fashion-related people with a smash of reality. It grounds you and I enjoy that.You’ve created some challenging pieces, ones that have divided people. What type of person are you designing for?
You’re talking about those pants, no? The denim ones? I think it’s funny that they went all over the internet recently. They’re carry-over, we already had them years ago. I don’t know why, but in the last few months they became an internet phenomenon. The brand is eclectic — when you see collection you can tell that I jump from streetwear to tailoring, to a bit of couture vibes and Italian-sexy vibes. We don’t say no to anything. On top of that, there is versatility in the pieces being changeable. Therefore, I can’t really say I’m designing for one type of person. My grandmother is my number one fan — she wears Y/Project. And when the pants we just talked about were in a Belgian newspaper — it was a stupid article, the Belgians were saying the same thing as everyone else — my grandmother called me up straight away and she was like, “What did you do, what are these pants, I don’t like them!” She couldn’t place that those pants came out of the same collection as the coat she was wearing. But I knew people would criticise them — they’re a little bit absurd, but also quite sexy.It’s totally sexy. It’s cool girl sexy, which is a hard thing to do…
Of course. But in the end, they’re just clothes. You have brands that say they’re going to change the industry and they never do. For me, it’s just about having fun.That’s something I wanted to ask you about — I can’t tell how seriously the label takes itself. You know, you see someone like Jeremy Scott making something that is definitely not wearable for everyone, and you know there’s a sense of humour in it. Does Y/Project have a sense of humour or is it very serious?
We’re very serious about our work. We’re very hard working. I also love this cliché of Belgian life that is very sober and those brands in the 90s that were very dark and moody — that’s all a part of me. But we also laugh a lot. When we designed those pants and the team was in the fitting, we were like “Are we really going to do this, are we ready for this?” and then we all looked at each other like, “Yeah, of course!”This interview is going into an issue with a ‘fantasy’ theme, so let me ask you some questions about that…
Of course.What turns you on?
You mean sexual, or…?It can be anything. It can be financial security, if that’s what it is…
I come from quite a classic family in a small provincial place, so security is very important. It does turn me on. I’m also a Taurus and really old-fashioned — I need to have my friends around and this whole home vibe does turn me on a lot. I would love to be married with children right now. But then again, I am always looking for something new. I’m always on the run for something or looking for a challenge because I get bored in two seconds. I have two extremes in me and I never know which one to listen to. Cakes turn me on, too. A cake a day is very important for me.Have you ever had a dream come true?
Honestly, every day. Being in the situation I am in now… I mean, I was working throughout my studies because my parents couldn’t support me and I am now the creative director of a brand in Paris with a team that is growing. I’m living a dream and I’m extremely grateful.You’re going on a first date, what do you hope they wear?
I actually hope they don’t wear fashion brands. If they were trying to impress me with designer brands I would be a bit turned off.What do you believe in?
I really believe in karma. You’re definitely going to get it back in your face if you’re being a bitch. I also believe in star signs — I think they really work. It’s so silly, but I’m now obsessed and researching it.What do you do to escape reality?
There are two things I do. On holidays, I try to go really far into nature. Tomorrow, for example, I will be hiking in Scotland. I need these moments where the only problems are mosquitoes, where I will eat and where I will pitch my tent. But I don’t always have this luxury with time, so when I can’t take holidays, I give myself one weekend per month where I go wild with friends and go partying for the whole weekend. It’s a good balance.And what would you like to do to make the world a better place?
We can’t do that much in fashion. It’s very a superficial place, especially with luxury because it is not needed whatsoever. But I’ve been working with Honest By, which is a completely transparent brand in Belgium launched by Bruno Pieters. I used to work with him before Y/Project and I learned everything about recycled and organic wools, and their certifications. With Y/Project, we couldn’t do it in the beginning, but now we’re trying to improve it more and more. There are obviously limitations, though, and our aim is still selling a dream and making people enjoy their clothes. But I do think it is important to include ethical items. We’re a young brand with a lot of followers, so we have a big impact on the youth and it’s cool to teach them to think further. You know, you don’t have to go to Primark, it’s cool to wear second-hand. Also, another thing, I try to let the kids on my street know that it’s cool to go to school.That’s very cute. Well, it was really nice to talk to you, and thank you for the great interview…
Not a problem, Madame. I’m sorry I kept on talking and talking — I had a blurry weekend.Not at all, it’s perfect.Serena Rees is best known for her naughty girl style over at Agent Provocateur. She established the biz in 1994 and sold it off in 2007 — giving her some space to recognise what knickers people want to wear now.She’s created Les Girls Les Boys, which is kinda lingerie and kinda streetwear, with prices way more chill than AP ($25-$143). Its main drive is to stay away from gender norms. Yes!“The last decade has seen the rise of totally unobtainable and hypersexualised body images, particularly for women, fuelled by the era of internet, social media and plastic surgery,” Serena told The New York Times. “It is wrong and it is worrying because it makes people so unhappy and insecure. In a weird way, I feel a little responsible for it.”The collection drops September 1 (tomorrow!), and will be available at lesgirlslesboys.comHey, a great thing has happened. Vogue have convinced Mariah Carey to let a film crew into her various closet spaces and the footage does not disappoint. The clip opens with a wall stacked with more shoes and handbags than the average person would ever be able to buy in their entire lives. Then cuts to Mariah with a monogrammed champagne flute in her hand saying, “I’m not as casual as most people, but I guess I could be.” And it only gets better from here. We learn that she has a lot of different dresses positioned, just because. We also learn she is a shoe fanatic but the most important pair are adidas slides. She has at least two pairs. Also she can’t even believe that her shoes are her shoes. She also has a pink Birkin that was a gift from Floyd Mayweather — which he asked she mentions every time she talks about the bad. Her “chipmunk cheeks” make sunglasses shopping really difficult. She also has Marilyn Monroe’s compact and speech from the Golden Globes. And, if she had it her way she would only wear lingerie. Queen.We’re crushing so hard on Belgium babe Eline Hoyois right now. She’s currently living in Paris, where she works her magic as a model and stylist. Her features are strong and her outfits are legit goals. Thanks to our main man Darren Ankenman, we got to know her a little deeper than our insta stalking has previously allowed…Sounds like:Feels like:  Sounds like:Sounds like:Nyajuok Wiew is a monolithic beauty. With the face of an angel and the body of a goddess she’s a solid standout among a new gen of Australian models. We wanted to see how she rolled, so we took her to Emporium Melbourne (since she’s the face of their AW17 #BeTomorrow campaign!) to try on some fresh outfits from the best shops and have our man James Robinson snap some pics of her looking fly af (check the gallery above!). We also sat down with her to chat pasta, changing the world and working hard.image: http://www.oystermag.com/sites/default/files/galleries/emoji-1234_0.pngIf the film What Women Want were remade today it would feature a lot less Mel Gibson and a lot more ~me time~. Such is the value placed on self-love in 2017. This is something the women behind online store Par Femme are servicing with their range of ladies-only underwear, sex toys, clothing and jewellery.Ruby Heery and Monica Nakata are the low-key geniuses behind the platform, which is all about encouraging women to explore their sweet selves in an accessible, aesthetically pleasing environment. We caught up with the dynamic duo to chat about working with women and discovering your best self.Lucy Jones: How would you describe Par Femme to your mum?
Monica Nakata: An online store with a focus on female sensuality, offering a selection of underwear, jewellery and adult toys with the sole goal of helping a woman feel great in her own skin.What was your introduction to sex and sexuality?
Ruby Heery: Mine was Dolly Doctor, obviously. From a young age my mum was very upfront about our bodies and our sexuality. If I had a question, as most children do, she would answer it openly and honestly, and that was that. It didn’t all come out at once as some huge shock; it was just natural, and a part of life that I knew I wouldn’t completely understand until I was older.
Monica: When I was 14 my best friend and I found a video of the Story of O… My mum was also a pragmatic woman and always answered my questions with brutal honesty. I never felt confused as a teenager. Or I [just] can’t remember?! I think it’s just something that constantly evolves over time. The one thing that I truly admired about my mother, though, was that she was comfortable in her own skin and told me that there’s something beautiful about everyone.Why do you think it’s important to work with and support women?
Monica: It’s important to work with a broad range of people, but for women working with other women in particular, I think it’s about a mutual understanding and honesty between each other. Women have this amazing ability to open up to each other — to create a safe space where your feelings, fears and hopes are all very real and valid —just sharing that and knowing we’re not alone can make the biggest difference in our day-to-day lives.Can you tell me about the different ways in which Par Femme promotes self-love and why that’s so important?
Monica: We believe that love for yourself is the most important kind of love there is. If you don’t love yourself, or at least start with simply being kind and gentle to yourself, you won’t have the ability to love others to your fullest potential. Knowing your own body, what it likes and what it doesn’t like, respecting it enough to listen to what it needs, and how it makes your mind feel — these are foundations we all need. Par Femme is about treating yourself, doing little things just for you — helping you to hold onto that connection throughout the day.The visual side of Par Femme, and the Instagram, is something you’ve been building up for a long time, and despite being sexual it definitely falls within the female gaze. Was that something you were always conscious of?
Ruby: I don’t know if it was something we were necessarily conscious of, it more just what came naturally to us as women. The images I curate and share are simply images that speak to me personally in one way or another — what I see as erotic or beautiful — and trusting that there are other women (and men) out there who will respond in the same way. Staying true to our natural aesthetic must be what keeps it distinctly female.What three songs would be on your ultimate sexy times playlist? 
Ruby: Music during sexy times with a partner would always just make me laugh, but for music with just generally great sexy vibes I’d have to throw out ‘Motivation’ by Kelly Rowland, ‘Snake Face’ by Throwing Muses and ‘Oops (Oh My)’ by Tweet feat. Missy.Monica: The natural sounds of nature singing in the summertime. Lyrics tend to distract me.Sexiest movie:
Ruby: I think at the time of watching it, it would have to be Cruel Intentions.
Monica: Bitter Moon, but I’d have to watch it again to say for sure. Sexiest scent:
Ruby: Skin.
Monica: The smell of the ocean on sun-dried skin.How would you describe your personal feminism right now?
Monica: This year has been a year of introspection and making friends with myself… Par Femme has been both an inspiration to and an expression of this. It’s helped me to understand and nurture the strength I have, and what my close friends give one another by supporting each other. Women within my friend group, and women who I work with, have been supported by me and supportive of me and enabled me to start to evolve into my best self. That philosophy is quite close to the values of Par Femme — to be free, and to greet self-discovery and expression with support and not judgement.Who are some women you admire who are doing cool things at the moment?
Monica: There are so many admirable woman it’s hard to narrow it down to a few. At the moment we are working with an incredibly talented and strong woman, Amy Finlayson from the The Fin Collection, who produces art exhibitions and facilitates creative collaborations, whilst also being an artist and a writer herself. We are excited to be working with her an upcoming exhibition towards the end of May featuring 15 of Australia’s brightest emerging female artists. The aim of The Fin Collection is to facilitate creativity and make art truly accessible.Aphrodisiacs: true or false? 
Ruby: True. Whatever works.
Monica: True.Raciest novel:
Ruby: Sweet Sweat.
Monica: My friend Meredith’s diary when I was a teenager… it read like a novel.Sexuality and identity is becoming increasingly multi-dimensional, how does this factor in to what you guys do?
Monica: For us it’s about aesthetics and who is going to respond to what we’re creating and offering. It doesn’t matter who you identify as, if you like what you see and like how it makes you feel, we’re here for you. Par Femme is not only for anyone who identifies as a woman, but also for anyone who appreciates our point of view.Words to live by:
Ruby: Follow your bliss.
Monica: Enjoy the silenceThe party experts over at Pelvis just dropped a phresh new range of printed tees, long-sleeves, hoodies, hats and bags. The Sydney-based DJ collective have once again provided proof that they know what’s up when it comes to ~fashion~ with some of the best prints going right now.The rather lit ‘Global Meltdown’ collection features globes on fire, elongated screws, metal fonts, and sci-fi drip prints. It’s all very dystopian and, because the world is probably ending soon, you should get it on your body ASAP. Illegal Civilization is a creative collective producing clothes and video out of LA. If you ask any of it’s members though, they’ll describe it as a tight-knit family that helps validate the viability of skating as a career; a sport that changed each of their lives in it’s own way.Founded by Mikey Alfred, the crew is closely related to people like Tyler, The Creator and Frank Ocean and produces some of the dopest videos and threads out. We took the Illegal Civ fam to Bondi Beach to see if any of them would trade skating in for surfing (nope) and chat about how they’re gonna change the world.MIKEYName: Mikey AlfredStar sign: PiscesWhere did you grow up and where are you living now?
Grew up in North Hollywood and I still live here. I love North Hollywood with all of my heart.How are you liking Australia? What made you decide to head to head
this way?
Any reason to get away from the storm in LA, we’ll take it!Do you remember how you felt when you skated for the first time?
I remember the first time I got on a skateboard. I was six years old; my neighbour had a super old school cruiser board. We used to ride down the bank of his driveway and think it was so fun. When I was seven, my parents would let me leave the block — I don’t have sidewalks in my neighbourhood, it’s a bank that separates the gutter and people’s lawn. So when I was able to ride my board on those banks I thought I was pro, hah! Then another year passed and I could go anywhere in the neighbourhood I wanted. The skateboard allowed me to travel without having restrictions. When you ride a bike you can’t bring it inside with you, you can’t hop a fence with a bike. The skateboard is so liberating.How has skating changed your life?
Skating gave me my friends, my taste in music, my taste in clothes. It showed me a lot about falling and getting back up at an early age. It exposed me to the best kind of people and the worst kind of people. It taught me how to deal with the law and homeless people at an early age. Skateboarding has made me who I am today.What do your parents think of what you do?
My parents didn’t understand what I was doing until a year ago. I had to deal with them hating every decision I made since 8th grade. I never took my SAT test. I knew in 7th grade I wanted to make a career out of my filming and not go to college. That’s scary for a parent, a 10-year-old saying: “I’m never going to college, I’m going to get paid to film skateboarding and other stuff too.” But now they get it and they trust me. I only got that trust though because I devoted my life to film — I didn’t just not go to college, I worked/work all day and all night at my craft.Describe yourself in three words:
Film and clothes.How did Illegal Civilization begin?
When I was 13 I made a video called Spark of Life. We needed a name for the second video and Illegal Civilization was it. The rest is history.What inspires you?
I get inspired by movies, every time I make a piece of clothing it’s because I can see a character in a film wearing it. Sometimes, Olan Prenatt, Kevin White, or Ryder McLaughlin will have an idea that I really love too.You shot with Vogue recently, how did that come about?
Vogue was doing this shoot with Taco, Tyler, and Kendall and they needed someone to film it. Some people from Vogue got my email from the Clancy’s. When Vogue asked me to do it I was ecstatic. We went back-and-forth and once I was confirmed I asked if I could bring my friends, they checked with Mario Testino and he approved. So we ended up making the video super IC-style with skating and the music switching. Kendall is such an awesome and generous person who I feel blessed to have been able to work with.You’ve toured and filmed with musicians, were there any memorable/funny moments you can recall that stood out?
Touring with Frank Ocean was one of the best experiences ever. We took a private jet to Iceland, he played the show, then after we stayed up until 7am the next day partying on the top floor of this hotel. Touring with him showed me so much about the world, and how being professional is important. Everyone involved with the tour respected him so much, and it was because of how he carried himself.Where do you hope to see yourself and Illegal Civilization in the future?
I want Illegal Civilization films to be the new HBO. I’ll be working on movies and TV, and we’ll be making skate films and music docs. Then I’d love to venture into filming sports eventually. As far as clothing, I want it to be like Nike one day. Nike has the best segmentation of any brand in the world. At the top of the food chain — Nike is in every store. But then when they do random collabs people still line up around the corner to cop.What’s your favourite track right now?
My two favourite tracks right now are — and you better include both! lol — ‘Intro’ By ODOG GSBG and Levan Kali — ‘Mine’.Out of everyone in the crew, who’s most likely to get rich first?
Me. [Smiles]What changes would you make if you were president for a day?
I would reframe the police department. I would make officers live in
the neighbourhoods they police, so that they know everyone in the
community. Makes it harder to kill a kid, you know?*** ZACHARYName: Zachary Dane SaracenoNickname: Lil’ CCStar sign: VergoWhat’s your favourite thing about Australia so far?
The spots, the weather and skating with the homies.Where did you grow up and where are you living now?
I grew up in San Diego, CA and I’m still living in San Diego in a town called Encinitas.How has skating changed your life?
Skating has influenced me to be the best I can possibly be in everything — life, school, and on my skateboard. Skating makes me want to be the best Zach I can possibly be in every single way.What do your parents think of what you do?
Both of my parents really support what I do. I’m still in high school and I’m gone a lot so they let me do charter school, which is super supportive of them.What does Illegal Civilization mean to you?
I just started skating with them but as of right now, it means more then just a skate company. To me it feels like we’re all just friends kicking it and skating together having fun.What’s the best piece of advice you’ve ever received?
Don’t let nobody or anything get in your way or tell you that you can’t do something — anything is possible. It sounds cliché but it’s the truth.If you had to eat one meal for the rest of your life, what would it be?
Barbecue spicy chicken pizza from East Coast Pizza in my hometown.Describe yourself in three words:
Hyper, hard-working, loving.Who inspires you?
My mom and dad.What’s your favourite track right now?
That’s a hard one, but at this second probably still ‘Think About You’ by A-Boogie.What changes would you make if you were president for a day?
I would make treaties with every country that wanted to.What should we expect from you in the near future?
Just skating and dropping parts.Out of everyone in the crew, who’s most likely to get rich first?
Aramis or Kevin. That’s a fucked question but, honestly, who ever works the hardest for it.***KEVINName: Kevin Ivory WhiteNickname: K-white, Blanco, JumpmanStar sign: Lucky LibraWhat’s your favourite thing about Australia so far?
Everyone is so friendly. They just wanna hang out and know about you and share good times, it’s the best! I’m coming back for sure.Where did you grow up and where are you living now?
I grew up in South Central and Inglewood for the most part. I spent some time growing up on the Westside in Venice Beach and Santa Monica. I lived in Baton Rouge, Louisiana too, definitely grew up a little there!How has skating changed your life?
It’s saved me totally, because I’ve known I wanted to skate and travel the world but a few years ago I was a distracted and lost sight a little.What do your parents think of what you do?
My mom was my biggest supporter of me when I was younger — she did so much for me. She’s deceased now and I know she probably can’t get enough of watching me be happy living my dreams out from above. My dad is sick too. He wanted me to play hella other sports because he thought skating was a little unorthodox you know!? But as I stuck to it he became more and more supportive of what was going on, ‘specially because he’s the one living out of both of them.What does Illegal Civilization mean to you?
It’s everything! Mikey believed in me and taught me to REALLY know my worth. The Civ as a group of homies taught me to stick with your peoples and to love each other — look out for those who look out for you, do what you love and don’t be afraid to do what you want, because if anyone had anything different to say to you about what’s going on with YOU, they might need to take a look at themselves first. If they’re worried about you, their shit’s not in order. So fuck “them”, they don’t want you to succeed.What’s the best piece of advice you’ve ever received?
A few things: NEVER LISTEN TO THEY, don’t let anyone mess with your money, live life to the fullest. If it doesn’t feel right DON’T DO IT. Love can be seen as just a word if you don’t act it out, so live the act of love if you love someone. Don’t worry about anybody because if you worry about what’s going on elsewhere you aren’t focused enough.If you had to eat one meal for the rest of your life, what would it be?
Louisiana fried chicken three-piece and fries and a large strawberry soda.Describe yourself in three words:
Focused, loving, fun.What’s your favourite track right now?
‘Impatient’ by Jeremih and ‘Outta Time’ by Future.What changes would you make if you were president for a day?
Free health care for all citizens and citizenship for refugees escaping war and hardship.What should we expect from you in the near future?
IC3, I’m trying as hard as I can for this shit. Some magazine content
too along with clips scattered everywhere so you can always see me!Out of everyone in the crew, who’s most likely to get rich first?
Probably Olan, who knows what them fire modelling gigs give him. I
wouldn’t be surprised if he popped up with a mansion and A-Class Benz some time in the next few years!*** OLANName: Olan Prenatt (left)Nickname: O-dogg, Oakland, Orlando, OP — all that. Pretty much whatever starts with an O.What’s your favourite thing about Australia so far?
I can get a bomb tan.Where did you grow up and where are you living now?
I grew up in LA and still live there.How has skating changed your life?
If I never started skating I would have never got put on the path that introduced me in to some of the passions that I have.What do your parents think of what you do?
They love it.What does Illegal Civilization mean to you? 
Doing what you want but succeeding.What’s the best piece of advice you’ve ever received?
Start.If you had to eat one meal for the rest of your life, what would it be?
Shrimp tacos.Describe yourself in three words:
I am me.Who inspires you?
Nobody.What’s your favourite track right now?
DJ Mustard ‘Party’ feat. Young Thug and YG.What changes would you make if you were president for a day?
Nothing happens over night.What should we expect from you in the near future?
Full-length video part and much more IC merchy designed by me.Out of everyone in the crew, who’s most likely to get rich first?
Me.***NICHOLASName: Nicholas Jun HiragaNickname: NeeksStar sign: SagittariusWhat’s your favourite thing about Australia so far? 
Bondi Beach and Golden Gaytimes,100%.Where did you grow up and where are you living now?
I grew up in SF and currently live in LA. I’m back-and-forth every month.How has skating changed your life?
Skating kept me out of trouble growing up. It also moulded me into the person I am today and I’m stoked on that. Also, it gave me a lot of scars so it helps as a conversation starter with ladies (low-key).What do your parents think of what you do? 
My parents, Alison and Jun Hiraga, absolutely love what I do. They support me however they can. For real, they keep pushing me.What does Illegal Civilization mean to you?
To me, Illegal Civ means community/family. It’s really a just a movement, I kinda feel like it’s spreading everywhere and it’s so tight.What’s the best piece of advice you’ve ever received?
Nana Korobi Ya Oki — it means fall down seven times get up eight in Japanese. My dad told me it.If you had to eat one meal for the rest of your life, what would it be?
Easy. Ramen, duh.Describe yourself in three words:
Crazy Asian kid.Who inspires you?
My pops inspires me.What’s your favourite track right now?
‘I Want You’ — Janet JacksonWhat changes would you make if you were president for a day?
Shit. Well I would veto everything that asshole Trump has been doing.What should we expect from you in the near future?
Man, some acting, some skating, and a whole lot more skating.Out of everyone in the crew, who’s most likely to get rich first?
Oh, Mikey 100%. But aye, everyone in the crew is smart in their own way for sure. But also everyone is slow too. So who knows man!*** DAVONTEName: Davonte Deanthony King JollyNickname: JollyStar sign: LibraWhat’s your favourite thing about Australia so far?
Definitely the weather, not too many places you can travel to in the winter and it’s good weather like LA.Where did you grow up and where are you living now?
I grew up in South Central LA and I currently live in Paramount, CA.How has skating changed your life?
By showing me you don’t have to follow the normal career path; figure out what you love to do, then get good enough at it to where you can bring value to people and figure out how to make a living off it.What do your parents think of what you do?
My mom and grandmother love it now that I’m able to make a living off it. But before they was always like, “Oh, that’s cool that you’re having fun with it but you should go get a job here or enroll in this college”, blah blah, normal life type of stuff.What does Illegal Civilization mean to you?
To me it means a group of my friends who all work together to make our dreams a reality. But at the same time inspiring other people to do what they want and not be scared.What’s the best piece of advice you’ve ever received?
The people you hang around will either inspire you, or they will drain you. So choose yo’ friends wisely.If you had to eat one meal for the rest of your life, what would it be?
French toast with scrambled eggs, sausage, bacon and a glass of orange juice.Describe yourself in three words:
Focused. Aware. Reliable.Who inspires you?
My friends and the person I want to be in ten years.What’s your favourite track right now?
‘Chanel’ — Frank Ocean, I’ve been listening to it back-to-back for the last 30 mins.What changes would you make if you were president for a day?
I would make it legal to skate anywhere you wanted but it would just be: skate at your own risk. The main reason we get kicked out of skating places is because the owners of the property don’t want us to sue them if we get hurt on their property, but if it was all on us that that would be tight and they couldn’t say shit.What should we expect from you in the near future?
IC3, more online video content and maybe even TV.Out of everyone in the crew, who’s most likely to get rich first?
Mikey, just from his drive and work ethic. He knows exactly what he wants and he continues to put the work in to get it.*** ARAMISName: Aramis HudsonNickname: My daddy called me Boogie.Star sign: GeminiWhat’s your favourite thing about Australia so far?
The girls are sexy.Where did you grow up and where are you living now? 
I grew up in Compton and still live here!How has skating changed your life?
Skateboarding showed me that anything is possible as long as you work for it.What do your parents think of what you do?
My parents are happy I’m skating and not out gangbanging.What does Illegal Civilization mean to you?
Illegal Civ means to me a gang of real homies out here doing our thing not giving a fuck about if you don’t like it.What’s the best piece of advice you’ve ever received?
Hard work is over talent, when talent fails to work hard.If you had to eat one meal for the rest of your life, what would it be?
Enchiladas are my favourite.Describe yourself in three words:
Cavi, Cavi, Cavi.Who inspires you?
My friends inspire me ’cause they work for what they have.What’s your favourite track right now?
‘Chanel’ — Frank OceanWhat changes would you make if you were president for a day?
I’m not sure I would have to really think about that… something great though.What should we expect from you in the near future?
IC part dropping, Cavi dropping, all that.Out of everyone in the crew, who’s most likely to get rich first?
We all rich at heart. Amaryllis Tremblay is a big time cutie based in Montreal who divides her time between high school, The Sims 3 and looking casually fresh on Instagram. We caught up with her on a sunny afternoon to talk online gaming, her first film role and her really cool grandparents.Name: Amaryllis TremblayNickname: AmaStar sign: Gemini (Dragon in the Chinese zodiac and Magnetic Red Skywalker in the Mayan zodiac).Where did you grow up and where are you living now? 
I grew up in a small village on the CA/US border but most of my teen years were spent in Victoriaville, where the famous poutine was invented! I live in Montreal, Quebec now.What were you into in high school? 
I’m currently in my last year of high school! I’m into acting, film-making, taking pictures with a disposable camera, Princess Nokia and playing The Sims 3.What’s the best piece of advice you’ve ever received? 
When I was 14, I told my mom I didn’t like my thighs because I didn’t have a thigh gap. She responded: “Ama, it’s normal your thighs touch, they’re right next to each other!” I don’t know if it’s advice, but it sure as hell changed the way I see my body.What are you most excited about atm?   
I’m gonna be playing my first role in a short film in November and I can’t wait. The project is way too cool! It’s the story of a sixteen-year-old named Jess who visits her grandma in prison and they plan to go on a road trip in California (even though an ex-prisoner could never pass the US border with a minor)!How did you get ~discovered~? 
Jérémy Dionne and Lawrence Fafard, the first photographers that shot me, discovered me on Instagram! I think it was a mix of hazard, chance and contacts but I must say that they were the ones that got me on the map. The weird thing is that I don’t consider myself as a “model” at all. I’m even too small to enter a modeling agency! I just really love meeting all these beautiful people at shoots and wearing cool clothes and seeing the result after. Best feeling!What would your last meal be?
Raclette in front of a fireplace.What causes or issues are important to you?   
I want people to know more about mental illnesses such as schizophrenia, bipolar and depression. If they are educated and understand these illnesses, they will be less scared and have less prejudice about them. Another important cause to me is to preserve French [heratige] in Québec. My “Québécois” accent is my pride and I will fight to keep on speaking my language in Montreal.What’s your idea of utopia? 
Listening to my grandpa play Chopin on his grand piano in our country house while my grandmother serves Martinis to all the family (even the kids!).What’s the best thing on the internet? 
Y8.com is the best website in the world to play games.What do you want to be when you grow up? 
I hesitate between journalist and film director. I really want to make a change in how the people see things but I think I will have more freedom of expression in my films than in a newspaper.2016 might’ve been Sage Elsesser’s year — he went pro for Fucking Awesome, slayed in two Converse tour vides, and got songwriting credits on Frank Ocean’s Blond — but his ascent into glory is sharp, and his future surely holds way more golden times. This big momentum from his casual kick-pushing makes him a perfect subject for questions about now and the future, so we caught up with his for Oyster #109.Hayley Morgan: Hey Sage, where are you right now?
Sage Elsesser: Paris.What have you been doing all year?
Travelling and skateboarding.And what have you gotta get done before the end of the year?
Get situated in NY, get back into college mode.Is it weird to be a skater who is pretty heavily aligned with fashion and looking good? Are most skaters admittedly conscious of their outfits/looks or do they pretend that fashion sucks?
Fashion does suck, but I’ve been fortunate enough to get gear that I like that also allows me to make items unique to my style/taste. The current state of fashion seems to be biting a lot from the skateboard culture.What does your favourite shirt look like?
Worn, with a message.What characteristics do you believe define your generation of skaters?
Highly advanced and very professional, skill-wise.If you could change one thing about your industry what would it be and why?
Too judgemental.What are you most interested in / excited about right now?
Good music and good people.What are your thoughts on the current political/economic climate?
Trump is a lunatic, and it saddens me that people support that motherfucker.What’s the best and worst thing about the internet?
Best — eBay, YouTube, worldwide connection. Worst — keeping us inside and isolated.What are your thoughts on dating and friendships in the Internet age?
Very strange, friendships should be based upon human interaction … not one’s Instagram aesthetic.Are you in love right now?
No.How do you feel about the future?
This world is falling apart, but I look forward to seeing the growth of my loved ones.What invention do you wish existed?
A definitive cure for cancer.What do you hope humans will achieve within the next 50 years?
A unified and peaceful consciousness.Are there ideas and values from decades past that you would like to see resurrected for tomorrow?
Blessed are the meek, for they shall inherit the earth.Three rules the world could follow for the chillest tomorrow:
Smoke weed. Breathe. Listen.In this world of Netflix-binges that are interrupted by the occasional need to eat, sleep, work and see your friends, it’s easy to forget the healing power of a good old fashioned chat. The gift of the gab is something we recently rediscovered when four of Sydney’s coolest creative ladies came by our office to talk about the importance of inclusion, making things with friends and keeping it raw — which they define as being honest, vulnerable, minimal and unapologetic.Kitted out in the freshest G-Star RAW threads, Pitch Zine founder Christie Morgan, co-creator and Editor in Chief at The Ladies Network, Arabella Peterson, dancer and founder of Groove Therapy, Vanessa Marian, and blogger Yan Yan Chan chatted through their creative process; from when they feel most uninhibited to how they get in the zone, the girls gave us so many words to live by. They also riffed on the wise words of Pharrell Williams, legendary musician and Head of Imagination at G-Star RAW, who said “Raw is not a noun. Raw is a verb”, encouraging us to look at what lies beneath the things we choose to wear, do and be. So grab a cuppa and tuck into their convo, we promise you’ll learn a thing or two.ON THE CREATIVE INDUSTRY IN AUSTRALIAChristie Morgan: I think it’s been really good. I’m new to Sydney, and I felt like when I got here, it was very open. Everyone forms friendships through the creative community but it was still really inviting and people were really open to collaborating and things like that.
Arabella Peterson: I think it’s really exciting being in the creative industry at the moment because I feel like the scene in Australia is still kind of up-and-coming and growing. So I feel like it’s a good time to be involved. But I do feel, on the other hand, that there’s still tall poppy syndrome in the creative industries, especially in Australia. I feel like sometimes people aren’t so supportive of what other people are doing, and maybe there’s still a bit of competitiveness there. But it’s getting better as it grows.
Vanessa: There’s sort of two aspects to me, because the dance industry is a whole world on its own and then there’s the creative industry as a whole. And I feel like myself, along with maybe one or two other dancers, almost have a monopoly within the creative industry because the dancers just stick to themselves. And, because there isn’t much of a career, the dancers are really young; most of them drop off by 21, 22. So it’s really collaborative for me because I don’t really have competition per se when I enter the creative industry. But at the same time, I almost wish people didn’t stick to their own lanes so much and there was a bit more multidisciplinary work.
Yan Yan: I haven’t really had any bad experiences, everyone’s been really supportive, but it’s been really interesting seeing the bloggers-sphere and then working with print and publishing. I’ve found, I don’t know if it’s because the print world is being pushed to be more open with working with the digital scene, that there has been a more positive response from that. But I think because it also is such a small community compared to other countries, I think everyone is quite open and quite supportive of each other, especially when it comes to collaborating.ON THE IMPORTANCE OF FRIENDSHIPS & COLLABORATIONArabella: Friendship has been kind of everything in terms of The Ladies Network because it started as just a group of friends who just wanted to do something experimental and fun together, and it was never meant to turn into what it’s turned into. So I think that by working with your friends, and people that you get along with and love, it can really inspire you, and things can grow, and you can do what you want to do; you can be honest, creative and experimental. So I think friendship is really important in that sense.
Vanessa: My dance classes were actually born out of stepping away from the idea of a scene and towards the idea of a community. So we have so many friendships and even relationships that have formed through these dance classes and that’s been such a big source of collaboration. When people come to class and then afterwards are like, “Let’s work on a project”.ON WHEN THEY FEEL MOST FREEChristie: I feel most relaxed and at ease when I’m off the internet, like, when I’m not online or just with my family or my boyfriend and all my friends, just hanging out interpersonally. That’s definitely when I feel most relaxed and most detached from the stresses.
Arabella: I love reading books. Things like that, which I do very rarely, but I love it and it’s when I step away from the madness sometimes that you get locked into… I feel like young people are never going to know what boredom feels like. They have their phone on constantly. They’re never going to know what it’s like just to have nothing to do, when you just sit there getting bored.
Vanessa: We’re such adrenaline junkies, aren’t we? Life has to always be amazing. Otherwise, it’s just like, not happy.ON WHAT THE WORD “RAW” MEANS TO THEMChristie: I was going to say like, simple, or minimal, or something. That’s kind of how I see it… or broken down or something like that.
Arabella: I would say, honest and stripped back. That’s probably how I’d describe “raw”.
Vanessa: Being unapologetically yourself.
Yan Yan: For me, I thought of being vulnerable. Because I feel like, especially ’cause we’re always on the internet and posting all these images and seeing other curated images, you forget to be raw. So when you do get the chance to strip back and be honest, it’s quite vulnerable sometimes.ON HOW THEY ~GET IN THE ZONE~Vanessa: Music. A good SoundCloud trawl.
Christie: I like to make a mood board, I love a good mood board. No matter what it is, I think I see very visually whereas maybe you see more, I don’t know… [to Arabella]
Arabella: Yeah, written.
Christie: I’m kinetic.
Arabella: I’m like that but in a writing light, I need to have everything laid out in front of me but it’s all lists; my emails need to be in sections and it’s all written down. I think I get into the zone if I’m feeling like I’m on top of my work and it’s all compartmentalised.ON THEIR CREATIVE HEADSPACEVanessa: I’m just present. If it’s something that I’m emotionally attached to especially; I’m not thinking of the past, I’m not thinking about what this could turn into in the future, I’m just like there. That’s usually a class or a cool rehearsal for something.
Christie: Yeah, mine’s pretty empty, to be honest. I just kind of embrace what’s happening and not think too much.
Arabella: Time flies but I have so much buzzing in my head, and it sounds so dorky but when I’m writing and I’m getting really excited about what I’m writing and I’m on a roll, I get so excited, it’s like an adrenalin rush. Yeah… so that’s really lame.ON THEIR DEFINITION OF BEAUTYVanessa: I think for me it’s rocking what you’re born with. I grew up, I guess Indian and however I look, in Australian suburbia, in Perth, and the media, especially in the 90s will never tell you that I’m beautiful. There’s one definition of ‘beautiful’ in Australia, I find, and that’s slowly changing which is really cool. So, it’s only about five years ago, four years ago that I even rocked my hair curly. I would straighten it every day. I grew up in a culture where you’re told to bleach your skin, try to be as light as possible. So, it’s a big deal for me to just be like, “fuck yeah, I’m rocking my skin and my hair!”
Christie: Yeah, I think, for instance I used to straighten my hair, and my family would be like: “why don’t wear your hair curly? Be natural and beautiful, you know, just be you.” But I felt that maybe I liked being the person with straight hair, or whatever. I just think that beauty is really like what you’re comfortable being. And if that’s not okay to certain people, whatever.
Arabella: I feel like I’ve had a long journey of coming to terms with the fact that physical beauty is so, so low down on what makes you you and what’s important. When I was young I used to think that being beautiful and tall and skinny was the be all and end all, and you’d be so happy and so fulfilled if you could just be like that. But now I realise it’s what’s going on in your mind as well as how you make people feel; because if someone makes me feel really happy and comfortable and is kind to me, then in my head they’re beautiful and I see them as such a beautiful person.ON THE BEST AND WORST THINGS ABOUT THE INTERNETArabella: I think social media is amazing in the way that it opens up opportunities and lets you have a platform where you can really promote your creative work or what you do and who you are. But I do feel sad that young people will grow up not knowing what it’s like not to be connected by phone all the time. I didn’t get MySpace until I was 17, and even then I never used it. So I feel like I really got to know who I was outside of who I was online, before I started to put out who I was online, and I feel like that was an important growing stage for me when I was young. I just feel kind of sad for the really young people now, that they’ll be restricted in the sense that everything that they do will probably be out there on social media.
Christie: Especially ’cause we don’t really know the effects of how that will change in the long term.
Vanessa: Yeah, we haven’t developed social media etiquette… And social media makes being famous seem that much more accessible. It seems like ‘if I just post the right picture’ or ‘if I just get that big break’ I can get famous. It’s not just Hollywood anymore, so a lot of my students especially in the dance realm are just obsessed with being famous. Like, I had one person tell me her only goal in life was to be famous and she didn’t care what it was for.
Yan Yan: Yeah, I get that as well because a lot of my following are quite young… [One time] these two really young school girls, they must’ve been 13 or 14, came up to me and were like, “Oh, how do you become Instagram famous? Because I want to pursue that”. It was so bizarre to me trying to explain that like, it’s not about the fame, it’s not really like a career path, it’s more the work.
Arabella: I feel like if you explained how the world is now to someone ten years ago, they’d be like, “that is not going to happen”, like, you’re not going to have followers who exist online and that makes you a more valid person because you have these internet interactions. They’d laugh at that, but that’s the way it is now.ON STAYING WOKE ONLINEVanessa: I heard someone give a talk where they said something really interesting; they said because of the internet, knowledge is no longer power because it’s just available. Anyone can find it. It’s more what you do with it. And I find that with the dance industry, especially teaching a lot of global styles of dance and street styles, there’s a lot of information, but there’s also a lot of misinformation. I have this strange sort of advantage that I could manipulate and use in that I could put anything up to my Australian audience and be like, “this is a hip-hop move” and most people wouldn’t know any better. But I feel like I really don’t want to culturally appropriate a lot of those dance styles and where they come from and the history and take away from the people who created these genres of dance and movement. To me, I hope that whatever I put out, an OG would see it, if I go to New York or whatever and meet them, and they’d be like: “That’s legit! You’re repping us well in Australia”. That’s really important because it doesn’t happen enough in Australia. I think a lot of culture gets thrown around without people thinking twice about the symbolism of that bindi or that headdress or that movement or that music.
Arabella: I guess, with feminism and activism, that kind of thing, is what I do gravitate towards because I love it and I’m passionate about it. I think that we should be striving to be as open-minded and educated about things as possible and inclusive in what we put out there, but I do think that there’s this outrage culture where nobody gives anyone else room to learn or room to make mistakes. I feel like, the articles that I write, I read through them a million times and say “Have I said anything that can be taken offensively?”, “Should I take that out because it might come across wrong?” because that could be torn down so quickly. I think that’s not a very productive way to be. You should avoid being offensive at all costs, but I don’t think we should stifle each other’s right to an informed opinion or right to a respectful opinion just because someone says some things that you don’t agree with… I feel like there’s like one way to be these days. It’s like this tiny narrowed point of how to be, you know, the perfect feminist or the perfect activist, and if you don’t fit into that, then you’re problematic in a way. It’s important to try not to be problematic at all but we still need to be kind to each other.
Vanessa: I was talking to Tom Tilley from Hack and he was saying that most people aren’t as informed as they think they are, because their Facebook feed just perpetuates what they already believe — it gives them articles that they’re already aligned with. So they actually aren’t as informed on both sides of the story. I have another friend who works for the BBC in New York, and he was saying, you look at the New Yorker and they are super left and you know most publications are really, really left, and it actually prevents you from having a proper informed opinion.
Arabella: We never thought [Trump] would get elected, because, especially on social media we live in an echo-chamber. And especially in the bubble of middle-class Sydney, we live in an echo-chamber where you’re surrounded by people who are progressive and maybe socially active, which is a great thing, but it doesn’t leave you room to learn and to realise why things are the way they are, and how we can change them; because if you are only surrounding yourself by people who want to change it in a particular way then you’ll never realise why things are the way they are.
Christie: Yeah, I think you should question things as well. If all your friends believe in one thing, or one opinion, I think that you should go and research that; if you don’t fully understand, you know? Rather than just following them and thinking I should feel the same way.At the end of a winding lane and down a set of steps lined with lush gardens and candles, walking into Tiffany & Co.‘s Sydney garden party felt like entering an episode of The Bachelor. (Assuming the set of The Bachelor was extremely classy and also a fun place to be.) Set in a swish waterside house, the iconic label’s ‘Return to Tiffany Love’ collection launch was all about spreading those good vibes. Chill supermodels like Julia Nobis, Imaan Hammam and Ruby Jean Wilson sipped Champers in front of giant blue hearts while others — looking at you Tallulah Morton and Hamish Walsh — got right into the theme with public PDAs. There was also an oversized blue box housing hundreds of precious Tiffany heart necklaces perfectly suited to the low-key but fab festivities. Feel the love.The Sydney-based swimwear specialists over at Her are all about that understated beach babe vibe (think: less shakas, more steez). We’re so into their latest range of low-key classics that we got a bunch of pals together to capture them in their natural environment. Get all your ~summer look~ inspo above.At the tender age of 17, Selah Marley knows more about the Universe than your average science teacher. We sat down with our new spirit guide to talk star signs, the internet and cool mums for Oyster #109.Selah Marley was perhaps destined to end up on the astral plane. The daughter of Lauryn Hill and Rohan Marley, it’s impossible not to be fascinated by the progeny of such a winning genetic lottery-ticket.Her personal blog, selahssecrets.com (which she refers to as her ‘child’), is an intimate account of her internal and external worlds, touching on such existential subjects as being OK with fucking up, overcoming pride, and the curse of empathy. Her Instagram feed (bio: Space Princess) features a ton of selfies in crop-tops mixed in with images of electromagnetic fields and cosmic combustions. Smart, spiritual and curious, the 17-year-old began modelling this year in tandem with finishing high school, and has aspirations that run the gamut from music to mysticism. But most of all she’s a cultivator of positive energy – just what the world needs more of right now.Natalie Shukur: Where did you grow up and how did that shape you?
Selah Marley: I used to always say I grew up nowhere, because I had a nomadic sort of lifestyle. When I was younger I lived all over the place, but I predominately grew up in New Jersey. Truthfully, to ask how that shaped me is a very powerful question, because I feel like I’d not be the person I am today if not for my environment.Where do you live now?
I live in New York and it’s crazy. I love how many stories there are… You really get a sense of perception when living in the city, because you see that everyone perceives things differently. Perception is quite illusory when everyone has different motivations, backgrounds and experiences… they’re all speaking from different viewpoints. New York is a beautiful place. I live in the heart of the city, where it never stops.It’s difficult not to mention what an incredible woman your mother is. What values did she instil in you and what do you admire most about her
My mom is the most free-minded, freespirited, independent woman I have ever met. I always watched my mom do everything herself — and a million things at once for that matter. She always has that way of looking on the brighter side, and reminds me that I can always do better. There’s the saying, “Think outside the box” — with her there is no box.You’ve just started college at NYU. How’s that going?
Well, my school is awesome because I get to create my own major, so I’m currently focusing on shedding light on the link between science and spirituality. I take an astrophysics class, Ancient Egyptian art, a class on the literature of sleep, and mindfulness and mysticism — it’s very reading-writing intensive, which can be quite stressful, but I really enjoy my studies. I’m able to study the subconscious mind through several different lenses and be able to link them all, and even reference them when making my own crazy theories. I’ve been exposed to so many eminent writers and so many ways of thinking and perceiving the world. I think the coolest thing about life is understanding that everyone experiences it differently.What does spirituality look like for you?
I would say that spirituality is just a part of life. It’s completely embedded in me, and not even something I have to think about because it always comes from intuition. I like to connect spirituality with science to give grounding and stability to the wild, existential thoughts, so I can share those thoughts with people … and make them feel more comfortable with it. It’s not really something you do, it’s just something you are. For me, spirituality boils down to knowing your innate power and understanding that you have unlimited amounts of potential energy. It’s all about tapping into it and positively channeling that energy.We’re all energy…
Energy is huge. In my daily interactions with people I observe them on a deeper level. I am incredibly sensitive — even though I try to hide it — so it is very easy for me to feel people’s pain and resonate with them. It’s about understanding that we are all one, that the same light that powers your engine everyday is the same light that exists in everything in the universe; therefore we are connected. There is no such thing as separation, just attraction. We attract what we need and repel from what we don’t, but there’s always a reason.Do you have rituals, practices or creative endeavours that sustain you?
I’m always expressing myself creatively. I think that’s because I have an ocean of emotions, so the only way I can fully and comfortably express them is through art. I like to write a lot; I think a lot. I don’t know who I’d be without music — music is a beautiful form of escape for me.Do you make or play music?
I’d like to say so. I’m still a rookie. I’ve found that a large part of making music is letting yourself be vulnerable in the expression of your emotions, and that takes a lot of courage.What are you listening to at the moment?
‘Can I’ and ‘Unfold’ by Alina Baraz, Up All Night by MedusaRai, ‘Temptations’ and ‘Don’t Run’ by PARTYNEXTDOOR, ‘First Take’ by Travis Scott, and ‘Cupid’ by 112.What’s your star sign, and do you follow astrology?
Scorpio, and I do. But I try not to read into it too deeply and use it as a means of prejudice against people. I’d rather use it as a source of understanding.What are your hopes and fears for tomorrow?
Honestly, I have none. I don’t even know how my day will go until I’m in it. Lately I’ve been working on going with the flow more, and part of that means not worrying about the future — just letting it be and letting life surprise you.What do you love/hate about the internet?
I love that I have immediate access to unlimited amounts of information. I strongly dislike that everyone hides their true selves behind computers and allows social media to suck away their individuality and integrity for a couple of retweets and likes. I love how it’s become a platform for anyone to be able to express themselves and share their thoughts, art, feelings, et cetera. But I truly can’t stand how fixated we’ve gotten with our phones — and I’m guilty too! I think it’s a beautiful tool, but it is imperative that you put the phone down sometimes and experience these brief moments of life as they pass you by.What do you feel are the biggest challenges facing your generation?
This state of perpetual fear and loss of morale. I think how we’ve been liberating and healing ourselves is very beautiful but I also think we’re very lost. We collectively carry a lot of pain in our hearts. I believe we are the children that inherited serious and intense amounts of karma but I feel that is because we are meant to transcend it. There are so many sensitive, compassionate, intelligent, and empathetic people in my generation but many of us are equally lost, misguided, wounded, distracted, and restrained… so we kind of don’t know what to do. Right now, I feel like we are in a very extreme time and we’re all trying to find our balance… You have to go through chaos to get order and I feel that is our current experience: a beautiful, beautiful chaos.Oyster #109: The Tomorrow Issue is available in store and online at Mag Nation. Focus to inspire. Make your intent to inspire. It’s not about the money.”Oyster #109 cover star Travis Scott is leading a generation of turn up musicians while keeping it real/real lol on the internet. We sat down with the trap lord to chat about connecting with kids, why couches are better than beds and the future of creativity. “LIT!” yells Travis Scott at one point during our interview, underscoring the fact that he’s a product of the internet. Phrases like “it’s lit” (which appears on most of the tracks on his US number-one album, Birds in the Trap Sing McKnight) and “fire” have become a cultural code, absorbed by the web and radiated out to the IRL world. We’re witnessing the dawn of the Church of Travis Scott — a religion whose leader helicopters into Alexander Wang parties and once pushed through the crowd mid-performance to spontaneously climb a tree. Yet the man I find myself sitting next to is surprisingly humble, genuine and low-key, one of the rare artists who runs their own Facebook page (regularly posting zingers like “If ur battery last all day u ugly”) and who still prefers to sleep on his couch.Lindsay Cornell: What’s inspiring about you as an artist is the way you marry music with culture, creativity and merchandise. Is it enough for a musician these days to be just a musician?
Travis Scott: In my mind, no. I feel like there’s more to music. And usually with good musicians or artists it comes together effortlessly. Whether it’s fashion or creative…Before Scott can finish his sentence, Jaden Smith appears out of thin air, walking up to us as Scott enthusiastically greets him with a “What up, fool?” Smith quickly realises he’s interrupting an interview and moonwalks backwards while apologising profusely, telling Scott he’ll catch up with him later.I feel like you and Jaden speak your own language. 
Exactly! He’s one of them dudes that can’t just be a musician, can’t just be an actor, can’t just be a skateboarder, you know what I mean? He’s gotta do all of it. I feel like that applies to me, too. I’m not into just one thing; I always felt like I had to have my hand in everything revolving around what I do, whether it’s directing videos, making beats, making music, performing… I feel like everything needs to be stylised; that’s always been my mindset.Is that what you were trying to say on ‘Lose’ with the lyrics “More to gain, more to lose”?
Yeah. And my whole thing is like, in that song, “Man, I have so much right now, and I feel like if I was to make the wrong decision I could lose it all.” I feel like that applies to all the young niggas out there right now. Even creatives and brands, if you make the wrong move your whole brand is fucked!Every step is being watched.
Yeah. Everything is being watched… Man, if I make one bad move, if I show the wrong thing, I could lose that kid — I could lose that connection to the kids.Do you think technology is helping or harming creativity?
I think it’s helping, because artists are making music so fast they want to put it out quickly, and now streaming and digital access allows us to. The creatives are so lit. [Laughs] Literally, LIT!Is the establishment still going to be necessary, then? Like Apple and iTunes?
Yeah, man. I love my label; I love the establishment. It’s always going to be a give-or-take, but it’s how you adapt to it that’s the main key. Some people are so standoffish. But that’s why I was so happy with Apple being so open with my ideas with this album. It was like, “Whoa!”You’ve said the title of your album, Birds in the Trap Sing McKnight, relates to the idea of being trapped socially. What are you wanting to say to that kid in the middle of nowhere, trapped in the suburbs listening to it on repeat in his bedroom?
I’m living proof. I’m from Missouri, Texas, a little suburb where there’s no record label — you can’t just walk up to the record label. It’s not a New York, it’s not an LA; it’s at the bottom of the map. And I’m living proof that there’s something down there and that they’ve got a vibe and inspiration. Texas is a major inspiration — the landscape, the culture, the rodeo. All that is incorporated into what I see nowadays. What people think is fashion, that’s just everyday lifestyle there.Vetements stylist, Lotta Volkova, said recently that: “Obviously there are no subcultures to be discovered anymore … It’s more about the remix of information. Kids today — the new generation — they think in different ways. They don’t even have the knowledge of what a subculture is. It is not relevant to them.” Would you agree? I feel like you kind of embody that…
Exactly. As kids we were only able to grow up on shit we’d seen before, whether it’s the Warriors movie or a Stanley Kubrick movie or even a John Hughes movie like The Breakfast Club, so of course we aspire to bring that back in our own way. I’m a big Kid Cudi fan and I feel like he set a foundation — aka the Moon [album] — for me to have a playing field, and as an artist I just wanted to figure out how I could have my own moon. I followed what he taught me and made my own planet.Kid Cudi is obviously going through a really rough time right now [Cudi revealed on Facebook he had entered rehab after grappling with anxiety and depression] and he’s used his public persona to speak about that. Do you think social media helps when it comes to raising awareness around social issues?
Sometimes digital can have people look at your situation differently. I look at Kid Cudi doing that and that’s my idol, I love him. I think people may be looking at him thinking he’s lost right now, but I feel like he just wants to get his mind right before this new album comes out. He wants to make sure he’s mentally right, I guess.And that’s brave!
It’s brave to me. That takes a lot. Not anybody could just own up and say, “Yo, I need to get my mind right.” He’s one of my mentors. I respect that. His new album is fucking fire; I heard it. I’m actually on it. It’s like the illest Cudi we’ve always known, with the illest beats of the next two years.Do you feel like you need to have a certain kind of persona on Instagram, Twitter, Snapchat?
My whole thing is… my Instagram should be me. I’m really laidback, chilled, and I post when I want. That’s just who I am. I’m not really a flashy type of nigga, as far as flaunting and shit; that’s not my whole vibe. So I kind of look at my Instagram and Snapchat as a way to show people the little shit I fuck with.What do you think the future is when it comes to the intersection of art, fashion, music and technology?
Oh man, I think that’s like the front line. Architecture, technology, apps — very accessible things right now. In the next two years that shit’s just going to keep evolving. Like design, fashion, that shit is back on the front line like it was in the 90s, like it was in an earlier time when it was fire — popping. It’s back on that shit now: more young designers, shit is becoming more easy and just… dope.You’re a big Raf Simons fan. He has said: “I don’t want to show clothes, I want to show my attitude, my past, present and future. I use memories and future visions and try to place them in today’s world.” Do you think you have a similar sentiment with your music?
Yeah. That’s that skateboard talk, man; that’s skateboard talk right there. That’s exactly how I feel, you know. It’s kind of like… it’s not even about the clothes, man. It’s not even about the skateboarding. Niggas just skateboard to get from A to B. That’s niggas’ transport, that’s niggas’ connectivity, that’s niggas’ therapy. Like the clothes, it’s just therapy. He just wants you to see the pain — the graphics and design. That’s just where his mind is.What would be your dream partnership within the design, fashion or tech worlds?
Oh man, that’s a hard question because there are so many people. But I’m going to start with Helmut Lang, hint hint. [Laughs]Who do you consider to be the true creatives in the world?
Films, man. Directors.You worked on Cruel Summer with Kanye — how involved are you in his next project, Cruel Winter?
Oh, I’m executive producing it!Where’s it at?
It’s coming soon. We’re putting it together now. We’re just working to make it good. I’m not even trying to make it overly thought-out shit. I think it’s just good material, ill artists. It’s so much fun. I’m glad my album is out now so I can focus on that.And will there be a film element to it?
Yeah, of course, man. Of course.I heard a rumour that before Kanye picked you up you were living out of your car. Is that true?
[Laughs] Yeah, it was crazy. Me and my homie Jason, we were both just trapping out of that whip. It was just a time when I was mad hungry like I am now. I still sleep on my couch at my crib even though I have a bed.[Laughs] Why?
I just like the couch. [Laughs] I love my couch. You know, those were the most fun times. We never knew what the outcome was going to be, whether it was going to be a let-down or good news. Just achieving the goal, just making it out of that. And now we’re here — we on Oyster now! I remember going into the delis in New York and looking at [the magazine] and shit. It’s like, damn!What do you hope tomorrow brings?
I hope tomorrow brings a better future. A better, accessible, safer future. I hope tomorrow brings a good President. I hope tomorrow brings technology to help us, and more art.If you were to leave one message for your great-great-grandchildren, what would it be?
I’d be like, “In your life, cut the bullshit. Don’t focus on the bullshit, focus on what’s needed. Focus to inspire. Make your intent to inspire. It’s not about the money. Inspire first, that comes with money. And stay true to yourself.”You might remember Kanye’s recent trainwreck of a Yeezy 4 presentation, where “multiracial” models passed out all over the place, sweating through their nude bodysuits, because of extreme heat and extreme shoes. The fash rapper copped a fair bit of flack from the fashion media of the world (us included), and while he recently apologised for the giant shemozzle, he’s just done a complete 180 in a recent interview/rant for W magazine. Grab ya popcorn.Saint’s dad went super saiyan on everyone who ripped on his latest collection, in a classic Kanye diatribe that goes for days. It’s laden with expletives, and serves as a reminder that Kanye is in fact a creative genius with a “f*cking ph.D. in art”, and does not give a damn what you plebs think of him. Revel in its beauty below:“I refuse people who write me off as some rich kid taking a hobby, fashion as a f*cking hobby or a fashion plate. How could you even dare to think that, that you’re on the same level of this, blah, blah, blah? And the entire time, no one, um — very few people even knew that I have a f*cking Ph.D. in art, you know? And not that that would even make the difference, but me saying that makes the difference to the exact people I’m talking to it’s, like, shut the f*ck up.I will f*cking laser you with alien f*cking eyes and explode your f*cking head. Shut the f*ck up — try to write a rap. Okay then. I made this f*cking T-shirt, now shut up. And it cost me everything I had and I gave everything I had.”Another noteable is when he ~aptly~ compares himself to the cartoon Vanellope from Whreck-It Ralph:“Okay, so you know when Penelope puts together her car? And she’s like, ‘Made it myself,’ and everybody that has professional cars, they say, ‘Look at you with your little car and you’re going to do this,’ and then they break her car, right? That’s basically the fashion world to me.” And, Buddy The Elf, from classic Will Ferell movie Elf:“I’m the elf that’s Will Ferrell, that’s too big for his hands to make the toys. But he wants to make the toys. Why? Not just so he could play with them, but he wants to bring joy to the world. I am a creator and it’s my responsibility.”You can peep the whole interview here.Love your work, Kanye.I think often of an iconic recruitment poster for the Source Family. On it an earthy, beautiful young woman named Robin (but who went by Mother  Ahom in the cult) smiles knowingly in a black-and-white photograph with her long, thick hair loose and wild, looking as if she is a cat who ate the cream of enlightenment. Underneath her face are the words “Wanted: Women Who Are Fed Up With Material Existence And Who Are Ready to Hear Who They Are And Why They Are.” I often think about how it would have been impossible for me to resist such a call if I had been wandering down Sunset Boulevard looking for purpose in the early 70s. Who among us doesn’t want to know who we are and why we are?Of course, I am not yet a woman who is fed up with material existence. As I look at the beautiful young people gathered together in the rainforest in Prada clothes, looking like a nouveau Source Family but from a much more stylish planet, my first thought is: Screw nirvana, I want all the jackets.  Give me stripes and shimmering sequins pouring down my chest.  Give me beautiful copper suede and shimmery paillettes, give me colour-blocked tunics in terracotta and cherry red. In the end, Technicolor and utopias can  co-exist. I may not yet know who I am, but I would happily join a cult if Prada made the uniforms. These clothes make me feel ready to see the light. From Oyster #107: The Romantics — out now!Let’s stay home, girl.
Kick back and relax, girl.
Start with the base. Prep skin with the Chanel Hydra Beauty range. Infused with moisture and camellia flower extracts, it will leave your skin feeling smooth, soft and radiant. Next apply Chanel Les Beiges All-In-One Healthy Glow Fluid with your fingertips for an even tone and natural glow, followed by a dusting of the Les Beiges All-In-One Healthy Glow Sheer Powder to finish.
Have some fun, girl.For Oyster #107: The Romantics we asked the legendary Riccardo Tisci to introduce us to some Givenchy boys. These perfectly cast humans were carefully selected by Riccardo who swears he never looks at a model’s books but tries to get to know them instead.“If you look at each model, they are very strong but also very sweet at the same time. They’re romantics,” Riccardo says. “In castings I never ask to see the models’ books… I prefer to talk to people and understand their characters.”As far as his current inspo goes Riccardo said, “I’m obsessed with America and Latino America; it’s all about an American dream.”PS: Givenchy are presenting their women’s Spring/Summer 2016 collection at New York Fashion Week and you can watch the runway show live right here. Tune in at 8am tomorrow AEST and stay tuned for full post-show coverage.Welcome to the year 2000. It’s time to celebrate because the world didn’t end abruptly while you were wearing a boob tube and listening to a discman. Your online survey skills were getting serious because you’d just registered for your first Hotmail account (probably littlemissychattagal1511@hotmail.com or similar). You were shopping at Surf Dive ‘n’ Ski, listening to anything and everything from the latest So Fresh: The Hits Of Spring ​*shudder*​ and getting your outfit prepared for the Sydney Olympics feat. butterfly clips and lip gloss. Translation: living the dream.For Oyster #31, our August/September 2000 issue we featured many a slick hairstyle, wrote the word website as “Web site” and also shot the timeless Devon Aoki in a dazzling array of Hussein Chalayan, Alexander McQueen and Manolo Blahnik.PS: Never has the year 2000 been so relevant beauty-wise as it is now a decade and a half later, so we’ve created a handy how-to beauty guide to help you become your best year 2000 self with some help from MAC.Oyster #107: The Romantics is out now!Oyster #107: The Romantics is out now!Do you feel that’s a really important thing to consider when you’re choosing your roles? You seem to choose roles pretty wisely, does that ability for the arts and stories to effect change always stay in your mind?
Yeah, it’s crazy because I didn’t plan to do Transparent and then move on to Dope — it happened that way. It was kind of like the signs you get in your own life and you’re like, “OK, I think this is something I should make a priority,” and I’ve always wanted to be able to do something with my platform. The fact that my job correlates with the things I’m an advocate for and the people I love … It’s helping me to realise, “OK, this is what the universe is telling me I’m supposed to be doing; this is what I’m supposed to be involved in.” I don’t know what the next role is that I’m going to get — I don’t intentionally pick things to all go together that way, but I’m sure they will because so far they have! [Laughs] It’s pretty cool.Dope has been getting a lot praise so far. What made you want to be part of it?
I read the script and I noticed the conversations were real; they were conversations I have with my friends. A lot of the time I read things and I’m like, “This is weird, this isn’t how people my age talk to each other.” So that really grabbed my attention and obviously as you get further into the script you start catching onto a lot of the serious topics that we cover, but we cover them so lightly in a way that you can take them in without feeling like we’re changing opinions on things and it seemed like a movement, almost, that I got to be a part of. And I got to play a lesbian.***This is the Romance issue. Do you consider yourself romantic?
I don’t think I’m a cheesy romantic, I think I’m a fun, hopeless romantic. I like relationships, I like love, I’m very passionate, but I’m not much of a fairytale-ending type of girl. I kind of just let life happen; I don’t really have a plan when it comes to, “Oh, I’m going to get married at this time and I can’t wait to have a boyfriend.” I’m not really like that, because I think everything happens when it’s supposed to. At the same time, when I do have a crush on someone I’m a psycho!So you think about them obsessively?
I just very much appreciate the people I love — I’m also like that with my family and friends. If you’re dating me you’ll see I’m also obsessed with my sisters and friends, so I guess it’s not that creepy! The other day I was telling someone how exhausted I was and they were like, “You’re always so tired because you put all of your emotion into everything.” I never understood why I’m always so tired — it’s not physical activity, I’m just constantly loving as much as I can.That sounds draining.
Yeah, but I also take a lot of time for myself. I think a lot of people forget to. A friend was telling me the other day, “I woke up feeling so shitty, which sounds pathetic, but I want a boyfriend. I’m just exhausted and tired of having to live by myself.” I was like, “Look bitch, you’re by yourself until the day you die so you have to find a new way to love yourself. If that’s buying new underwear that makes your butt look good, if that’s sitting down and reading a book.” Whatever is a new way to treat yourself, do that, because a boyfriend or girlfriend can leave you. He may show you a new love and the next thing you know it’s gone and you’ve cut yourself off and you don’t know what to do. That’s the scariest thing ever. I think all girls have been there before. I’ve been there and I’m not going back.So you’re your own partner.
Yeah! You don’t need a boyfriend; you have to be treating yourself. I buy myself flowers. When you’re dating someone and they see you buy yourself flowers, they start buying you flowers, thinking, “She shouldn’t have to buy herself flowers!” Then you have even more flowers.You’ve got to set the bar yourself.
Exactly! They’re like, “Wow, I have to love her more than she loves herself.” But it’s never going to happen. [Laughs]Would you ever date someone who didn’t fuck with feminism?
Oh my God no. That sounds very unattractive, very limiting — I don’t like friction or limits. If I believed in something or supported other people that believed in something and I was dating someone that was like, “Meh, I don’t fuck with that,” I would be like, “Well, I don’t fuck with you.” [Laughs] It’s also hard to trust people when they’re not accepting of other people. For instance, if you’re dating a guy and he’s talking shit about other people and not allowing other people to be themselves it’s like, ew. I don’t want someone to just love me; they need to love other people too.Read the rest in Oyster #107 — out now!
Our mate Tyler, The Creator is a self-described “really, really, smart, multi-talented almost-genius,” and he happens to know a whole bunch of other smart, multi-talented almost-geniuses too. Let him open your mind as he introduces three LA creatives to watch:1. Name: Mikey AlfredAge: 19Hometown: North HollywoodDay job: Wake up. After that, whatever I want. Freedom is clean water, dressing however you want, standing on the street being loud and crazy. Most places don’t have that freedom.Nothing is as liberating as eating a good meal or having fun at a party. A lot of people on their deathbed say they wish they went to more parties.I would fight for my right to listen to music off top.If I could be free of one thing it would be other people pushing their own insecurities and sorrows.If I were free to drop a million dollars in a day I would get my mom and pops whatever they want then go to a dealership with, like, twelve of the homies and buy them cars. Any of the homies who don’t have furniture or an apartment, I’d get them that.‘You Remind Me’ by Mary J Blige makes me wanna dance, ‘Give More Power To The People’ by The Chi-Lites makes me wanna run, ‘Russian Roulette’ by Chief Keef and Fat Trel makes me wanna drive fast, but there’s no song that makes me wanna get naked.2. Name: Philip L PostAge: 9teenHometown: Norwalk, CTDay job: Owner and artist at dertbag. I also work with my father putting his art onto clothing with his brand Frank Foster Post.Freedom is being able to express yourself however you want.Nothing is as liberating as being in the flow of creating something new — when your mind drifts off to emotion but stays focused on creating your piece. The real liberating experience is when you know the piece is done.I would fight for my right to be myself.If I could be free of one thing it would be financial insecurity.When I am free of prying eyes I count greenery, eat greenery, smoke greenery, and travel to beautiful sceneries.‘IDK Why’ by Young Thug makes me wanna dance, ‘Knuck If You Buck’ (sped up) by Crime Mob makes me wanna break things, I listen to ‘Almighty So’ or ‘Bang, Pt. 2’ by Chief Keef when I’m driving and the whole Aaliyah Chopped N Screwed album makes me wanna get naked.3. Name: Justin GuthrieAge: 21Hometown: Albuquerque, New MexicoDay job: Freaking valetFreedom is being able to do what you want when you want, no expectations or limits, just a full, bright future filled with unlimited options and accessibility. This sounds vague because I really don’t know what it is, but I know it’s possible.Nothing is as liberating as feeling good on a nice day skating with your friends, goofing off.I would fight for my right to party? [Laughs] Do exactly what I want. I would fight for my right to be able to do exactly what I’m doing right now in my life.If I could be free of one thing it would be mental chatter, OCD tendencies, a job. That’s about it, honestly. Maybe that pushes me, though, to make art and think differently…The song that makes me wanna dance, run, drive fast, and get naked is ‘Flirtin’ With Disaster’ by Molly Hatchet, just cheesy classic testosterone rock. Maybe also ‘Atomic Dog’ by George Clinton, that’s a funky jam!2014 was a big year for Laverne Cox. She graced the cover of Time, earned an Emmy nomination for her role as Sophia Burset on Orange Is the New Black, won Out magazine’s Readers’ Choice award, was named Glamour‘s Woman of the Year, received the GLAAD Stephen F. Kolzak Award and won a Nobel Prize for unravelling the mystery of the pyramids. That last part we made up, but it wouldn’t be surprising if Laverne had figured out how the Egyptians built those suckers, because right now she’s unstoppable.Jason Crombie: Laverne, you’re a hugely successful working actor. You received an Emmy nomination for your role on Orange Is the New Black — the first openly transgender actress in history to do so, which is amazing. You’ve also been on the cover of Time magazine…
Laverne Cox: Mmm-hmm.But you know how you can really gauge your success?
How?When you type L-A-V into Google your name is the first thing to pop up.
[Laughs] I did not know that!It’s true. You’re beating ‘lava lamp’.
Oh my gosh. I’m ahead of ‘lava lamp’?Yeah!
Well, that’s good to know. I’m going to try that now.Have a look.
Wait [laughs]…Oh my. Are lava lamps hot right now?They’re always hot, but you’re winning. The other thing I discovered while googling you is you’ve got a new show in the works, Doubt. Can we talk about that?
Well, all I can say is it’s just a pilot at this point, so it may or may not go to series. But I’m very excited.Who are you on the show?
The character I’m playing is Cameron Wirth. She’s an Ivy League–educated attorney, she’s very competitive, but she’s just as compassionate. She has some personal drama, but that I can’t talk about. It’s a wonderful script and there’s such beautiful humanity and juiciness and all the things that we love about really good television.Does this mean you’re going to be paroled from Orange Is the New Black?
[Laughs] Well, I’m very ambitious and I believe I can do Doubt and Orange Is the New Black.Have you settled with acting? Because I know you began studying writing and then you—
No, actually I started out as a dancer. When I started walking I began dancing; I’ve danced my whole life. I started studying dance when I was in third grade. Then when I went to the Alabama School of Fine Arts I discovered they only offered a ballet program, and I’d only studied tap and jazz; I hadn’t studied ballet. But I had been writing, so I submitted myself as a creative-writing major. So I was a creative-writing major for two years and then I switched to dance, which was always my plan. But those two years of creative writing were wonderful for me.In what ways?
Well, writing has become a huge part of my life, so those two years certainly served me. But I was always a dancer, I was just a dancer who took a little detour into writing.And then you became an actor.
Yes. Well, I always felt like an actor who danced. How old were you when you left Alabama?
Right after high school. I went to college for two years in Indiana and then I transferred to Marymount Manhattan College in New York and then I stayed in New York.Did you have to have a job while you were in school?
I did.What was it?
Oh my God, I haven’t told this story in a while. Well, when I first moved to Indiana I got a job at DialAmerica, which was a telemarketing place; I did telemarketing. Then when I moved to New York I transferred my job, so I was in telemarketing for a while there too.Were you good at it?
I was better in Indiana than I was in New York. The New Yorkers were not having it, so I only did that for a month or so. Then I got a restaurant job. I worked in restaurants for many years.Your twin brother, M Lamar, is a musician and a performer living in New York. And he was on Orange with you. That must’ve been a trip.
Well, they were going to hire someone to play me pre-transition because they didn’t think I was butch enough — not being butch enough has been the story of my life. I felt like my brother was a good alternative to me playing it, as opposed to some other actor.Do you and your brother come from an artistic family?
We’re the only ones! We’re really the only ones. My mom, she wanted to dance when she was a kid. She became a teacher, though. So my brother and I are really the only two artistic people in our family. I’m not entirely sure where that came from.Do you finish your brother’s sentences and vice versa? Are you those kind of twins?
Absolutely not. We’re close in that we give each other love and support, though. Part of the reason I’ve been able to have my dreams the way that I have them is because my brother has been supportive of them and I’m supportive of his. And whenever I have a big decision I need to make I always run it by my brother. I’ve never really thought about that but it’s true: he is the first person I talk to. And he tells me the truth. He doesn’t always agree with my decisions but he tells me what he truly thinks, and it’s really important to have people in our lives that will tell us the truth, especially when you become a little bit famous.What’s it like being famous?
I mean, I don’t feel famous famous, I feel slightly famous [laughs]. What is weird about it though is you become public property a little bit. I think people forget that you’re a human being, and just because you’ve left your apartment doesn’t mean you are available for them. But then yesterday when I met Oprah Winfrey at the Essence Black Women In Hollywood luncheon—What? You met Oprah?
Yeah! I totally fanned out. I was hyperventilating.Did you cry?
I didn’t cry until I got back to my hotel room after the event [laughs]. But I realised I’d forgotten how excited people can get.What happened?
Well, it was very brief. One of my co-workers Uzo Aduba was talking to her and I was like, “OK, this is my chance,” so I scooted over. I was so nervous I couldn’t really go up to Oprah, but my co-star was talking to her so I just sort of nuzzled up next to Uzo and I was like, “Hi-eee.” [Laughs]Tell me you got a photo.
I got a photo with Oprah. It was very blurry, but I Instagrammed it anyway.Now that you’re a little bit famous is it easier to be a trans woman of color?
It’s certainly easier for me in terms of the quality of my life. I work. I hope I’m not under the same threats of violence that I maybe used to be. But I think I still have a lot of trauma in relation to being bullied and being assaulted on the street.You were assaulted?
Verbally and once physically, yes. So there’s trauma related to that, and it doesn’t just magically go away because you’re on a hit TV show.How bad is it out there for transgender women?
In the United States eight transgender women have been murdered this year and we’re only in the second month.What?
Yeah. The reality of being a transgender woman is your life is often in danger. The important thing to note though is that the trans folks who are most at risk are at the intersections of poverty and race; it’s not just about being trans, it’s also about being a person of colour, it’s about being working class, and maybe having to resort to street economies to survive.Right.
So certainly my circumstances are much better than they were previous to Orange Is the New Black, but that is not the reality for most transgender folks.Has the adversity you’ve endured in your life made you a more compassionate person?
That’s a great question. I think you can go either way when dealing with abuse and trauma. You can shut down and become really defensive — I see a lot of people become really distrustful of others. Before I really started studying acting seriously I was very defensive and had all sorts of walls to protect myself, all sorts of elaborate systems and defense mechanisms in place to self-protect. And when I met Susan Batson — the brilliant acting coach who became my acting mentor — I realised if I really wanted to be an actress I had to let down all of those walls and … really deal with my pain. So the process of taking the work of being an actress seriously has really been life-saving. My artistic pursuits have been what has saved me from bitterness and resentment and self-destruction. I think being an artist has made me more empathetic.Right.
And I learnt early on in my training with Susan that I should never judge who I played, and I had to take that into the way I live my life. I had to become less judgmental and more understanding of everybody’s journey and that everyone, no matter how they seem on the outside, has a story. It’s my job to understand why people are they way they are.    