		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			These are so freaking cool.If you follow any cool-girl style stars on Instagram, you've probably lusted over an item from viral fashion brand I Am Gia before, even if you didn't know it. That viral teddy coat everyone has been wearing for three seasons running? I Am Gia. Those high-rise khaki joggers every influencer owns? Yep, also I Am Gia. Everyone from Bella Hadid to Selena Gomez has worn the brand, but it's a major favorite of the Kardashian/Jenner fam. Kourtney Kardashian has worn their famous Cobain Pant and below, you can see how Kendall Jenner expertly styles their zebra print Sinead Pant. Now, the brand is in the middle of a blowout Cyber Monday sale, which means their already affordable pieces are all on super sale (as in, up to 80% off). Since the Cobain Pant is one of their staple items, it's not up for a discount. But, you can buy Kendall's wild trousers for half off of their normal price. Want more of this sale? Shop all of I Am Gia's Cyber Monday deals here. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Bring the wizarding world to your favorite Potter fan. Shopping for Potterheads is easy with these perfect Harry Potter-themed gifts, sure to make any fan feel like they've just been accepted into Hogwarts. Alex and Ani stocks a full collection of gorgeous Harry Potter jewelry. Fans can shop their iconic bangles with a range of magical charms, plus, necklaces, rings, and earrings. Right now, the entire line is on sale for 30% for Cyber Monday. Give your favorite Pandora bracelet a dose of magic with their new Harry Potter charm collection. You can score teeny versions of your favorite characters, plus beads with iconic HP symbols, like the Hogwarts Express and Gryffindor lion.True fans of the book know that one of these dangerous sweets once burnt a hole right through Ron's tongue. If that isn't reason to buy them, I don't know what is. Swipe all the sequins in the opposite direction and a Platform 9 3/4 logo magically appears.  Hogwarts school uniform, but make it fashion. Watch your favorite HP movies on the big screen as a live orchestra plays the iconic music in-time with the film. The traveling show is available in cities all across the country."I'd try putting it in the water, if I were you." – Moaning Myrtle Turn your room into Dumbledore's office with a crackling candle that smells like fireplace and Albus' favorite candy: lemondrops. Every Seeker should have this dainty clock sitting next to their bed. It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live, but you can dwell on your own beautiful reflection in this replica Mirror of Erised.The only stocking stuffer you'll need this holiday season. Instead of your typical hardware, this mini bag comes with teeny replicas of the Deathly Hallows and the Elder Wand. This necklace won't transport you through time, but it does make a great outfit add-on. Vansjourneys.com$59.99SHOP NOWtk tk Maybe if you're lucky, you'll get to try a bogey flavored bean, too.Throw this knit on your bed for a little House pride or use it as a wall tapestry to turn any space into a Hogwarts common room. Luna's famous Spectrespecs are useful for spotting Nargles, plus they're a major statment piece. Holly and phoenix feather – great for disarming spells and nothing else.Rep ya boy Dobby with this graphic tee printed with the original Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets movie poster.Just like your Apple earbuds, this magical headset lets you talk on the phone and answer calls with the press of a button. If the sorting hat didn't put you in Gryffindor, this book isn't for you.Build a 3D hut (with a wheelbarrow and all) yourself with this metallic model kit. Bedtime just got a whole lot more magical. Slide into a pair of leggings that can take on Quidditch matches, Exploding Snap, and everything in between.This Harry Potter companion book takes you into the world of Hogwarts in 3D. This intricate book puts your childhood pop-ups to shame.Print moving pictures straight off of your phone with this like-magic printer. Just take a video in the Lifeprint app, print out the picture, then hold it in front of your phone camera – the photo moves like wizard pictures in the movies. If you've been getting your wizarding fix through random Harry Potter weekends, it's time you invest in the real thing. Head back to Hogwarts any time you want with this 7-disk set. Keep all your quills and Cockroach Clusters in this ultra stylish tote with lowkey Hufflepuff vibes. Visit Hogwarts IRL with a ticket to Universal Studios' Wizarding World of Harry Potter. Sip butterbeer, cast spells, and ride the Hogwarts Express – so, basically, do everything you've been dreaming about since the first time you read the books. You'll basically be a Hogwarts student with this Platform 9 3/4 mini bag. These figurines will look great standing guard over your Harry Potter books. Keep the most magical potion of them all (coffee) safe and steaming hot with this spill-proof to-go cup. This fandom box comes with an enamel book cover pin, a House Pride candle, an orange bath bomb, and a deck of playing cards perfect for Exploding Snap. Honestly Ron, how can anyone be in two places at once? Well, they get themselves a Time Turner.  Test a fan's true knowledge with this Harry Potter version of Trivial Pursuit.Who needs to chase after the Golden Snitch when it's right on your head?!The new illustrated Goblet of Fire just dropped this week and every page is covered in gorgeous drawings of some of Harry's most daring moments. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Lipstick vault? TREAT YO SELF. The best season is officially upon us! That's right, it's – *Tom Haverford voice* – Treat Yo Self 2019! 🎶 You've finished holiday shopping for your mom, dad, brother, best friend, and bae, so now it's time for the most important person on your list: YOU. As the shopping expert at Seventeen, I've spent hours (I'm not kidding) crafting the perfect wish list just for you. When Christmas morning comes around, your haul of gifts will make allll your friends jealous. This list has all the little luxuries you never knew you needed in your life, from high-tech skincare and customized Starbucks cups to metallic sunnies Kylie Jenner would die for. Ok, so what are you waiting for? Start shopping. I know Billie herself is probably #1 on your Christmas list, but since you can't really order the real thing on Amazon, scoop the next best thing: concert tickets. If you order through the StubHub app, you can get 10% off for Cyber Monday. Click here for more dates and shows from her upcoming world tour. This is the scarf version of your warmest puffer coat – and in an Insta-worthy highlighter hue. Even your Christmas tree could use a little healing energy. Name a more comfortable pair of leggings, I'll wait. The Wunder Under is one of Lululemon's best leggings ever – plus, they come in a ton of vibrant colors.  Boring headband? I don't know her.  Now the barista will *actually* get your name right, because this reusable cup comes with your name already printed on the front. Shop more adorable designs (read: tropical print) here.Subscribe to this product-packed box for a new surprise every month. Get full-sized beauty products, trendy clothes, and the cutest dorm decor all customized based on your taste. Geode-inspired bath bombs will look just as cute on your bathroom counter as they do in your tub.  Friends ISN'T being taken off of Netflix (thank god), so celebrate with this cozy hoodie you can wear while you watch. Stellar metallic sunnies will make even your laziest fit look totally gramable. A tiny cruiser will get you across campus in minutes – and, yes, you'll look really cool riding it. Affordable ✔️ Personalized ✔️ Thoughtful ✔️ This is basically the perfect gift. This timepiece is straight off of your Pinterest board – rose gold and so freakin' chic. This edgy crossbody will last you through house parties, graduations, Hinge dates, and beyond. This cherry knit is now officially the coolest item in your closet. With this pocket-sized printer, you can make copies of your best Instas straight from your phone. When in doubt, give slippers. They're the functional alternative to the fuzzy socks you usually gift in a pinch. Elevate your simple gold hoops with fashion-y turquoise studs and a modern flat shape.  Morning routine, but make it tropical. These metallic brushes are vacation-cute and perfect for a full-face beat. Add a touch of sass to your dorm room, your bathroom – there's literally no wrong place to put this. The velour tracksuit of the early aughts just got a revamp. This Nike version should be #1 on your wish list. Girls just wanna have... fundamental human rights, amiright?!Click here for even more empowering feminist gifts. This fluffy leopard throw is so cute, you legit don't need any more decor. Now you no longer have to dread cleaning your brushes.These sleek tortoiseshell headphones basically double as an accessory.  You truly don't know how smooth your skin can be until you've tried a cleansing brush. Don't believe me? Read my love letter to the Clarisonic here. This insulated puffer is two coats in one. Flip it inside out, for a second, ultra chic print. Spray this unisex fragrance on bae and just *pretend* you're cuddling with Shawn Mendes. Get your favorite Potterhead this plush pillow in the hopes that when things seem most dark, it will show them the light. Shop more Harry Potter gifts here. Your new nightlight is here and it's really freaking cute.Get 13 days of beauty with this product-packed advent calendar, full of minis like body wash, perfume, lotion, and more. This roller bag has "spring break" written all over it.Lacarnum Inflamarae! (Only true Harry Potter fans will get it.)It's the perfect addition to your locker or your bedroom desk.The bag says it all: the future is female. This message board comes with a very important message we all need to remember.This insane yoga mat is like something out of Harry Potter – it talks you through your workout via Amazon Alexa and rolls itself up afterward. Legit magic. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Yes, this is a starter pack.You can't get on Twitter without scrolling past some form of VSCO girl starter pack. It's funny, but tbh, those Cali chic girls are actually on to something. Girls are stocking their closets with Birkenstocks, AirPods, Fjallraven Kanken backpacks, Brandy Melville tanks, and plastic Crocs, while their makeup bags are filled with Mario Badescu facial mists, Burt's Bees lip balm, and more great brands worthy of your change. So to help you grow into the VSCO girl you were born to be, I've pulled together all the best brands this subset can't get enough of. Shop all the VSCO girl brands that are currently trending.In order to nail the VSCO girl starter pack, you need to start with the pack itself. Fjallraven's iconic square Kanken design will hold your scrunchies, Hydroflask, and AirPods.These Apple AirPods are your gateway to Billie Eilish, Ariana Grande, Lizzo, and more. They also weirdly make a great selfie accessory. And right now, you can shop them for 12% off on Amazon, which is a lot for AirPods. Thank you, Cyber Monday!Remember those scrunchies I talked about? Here's a cute plaid one to add to your wrist party. A cowrie shell necklace gives you that effortless, straight-from-the-beach Cali vibe that all true VSCO girls channel. Say it with me: oversized tees. Your local VSCO girls wear them with basically every outfit – sans pants, but plus Crocs.Burt's Bees: the official makeup brand of VSCO girls across the nation. SAVE 👏THE 👏TURTLES 👏. But really, this reusable Starbucks tumbler will reduce your waste output and hold 24 full ounces of your preferred iced coffee flavor. Your grandma's favorite sandal is now a VSCO girl wardrobe staple and let me tell you: they're fully worth the hype. They supply otherworldly arch support and at the same time give you that normcore dad vibe we all strive for. I've been using Mario Badescu facial mists for months now and I'm not totally sure what they do, but I can tell you that VSCO girls love them. And they look great on an Instagram feed. Your wrist gets a scrunchie, your feet get Birks, and your Hydroflask gets accessorized with these waterproof stickers.  If you don't own something from clothing brand Brandy Melville, you ain't a VSCO girl. Their basic '90s crops pair perfectly with mom jeans and Birkenstocks. It's 2019 and we love nostalgia, so we take pictures on film camera and post digital photos of those pictures on Instagram. This little baby will keep your iced coffee chilled for up to 24 hours. Plus, VSCO girls love the strap for tying homemade friendship bracelets. Scrunchies on the wrist, wire hair ties in your actual hair. Ariana Grande wore this staple in her latest VSCO-inspired outfit. These are the exact shoes she wore.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			And which ones will make your butt look the best.  Lululemon leggings are a necessary life investment – like car insurance or a laptop (I'm exaggerating, kind of). You've got to budget and save and thoroughly research your athleisure options before splurging on one single $100+ pair. But as soon as your butt is cradled in the loving embrace of those cushy leggings, all buyer's guilt is wiped from your mind, because those babies are soooo worth it. But, like, why tf are they so expensive?! They're really just leggings, right? Well, no, they're actually super leggings. According to a Lululemon press rep, their leggings cost more than your typical mall find, because they're just better."At Lululemon, we have always and will continue to price our products based on a commitment to the value of fit, functionality, premium materials and detail, craftsmanship and technology." Basically, these are the Holy Grail of leggings created with top-quality material, which yes, costs a little bit more than a basically-see-through Polyester/Spandex blend.Don't take it from them, though. Just search Lululemon leggings on Twitter and you'll see endless variations of this tweet, for example: "Lululemon leggings don’t need to be $100 but they also don’t need to make my ass look this phat so please take my money." Or, this tweet: "I bought two pairs of lululemon leggings and i don’t regret it one bit these things feel like i’m not wearing pants and i look like a SNACK 🍟." They speak only facts, y'all. So now that you're all caught up on price – which ones should you buy? Because let's be real, no one can afford to take home more than one pair at a time. Well, I talked to Lululemon super fans and employees, plus, tried a few pairs myself, to pluck the top five best leggings from their website. Shop them all, ahead.That one perfect pair of wear-everywhere leggings you've been searching for your entire life – yeah, these are it. The fabric is cushy and satisfyingly thick, so you'll never have an accidental-see-through-butt situation, while giving you the perfect amount of compression. Lycra is woven into the fabric, which means they won't stretch out and they feel buttery soft to the touch. Aligns are meant for low-impact activities, like yoga or you know, not moving from your couch for an entire season of Game of Thrones. Some colors are on sale for 30% off in honor of Lululemon's Cyber Monday sale (only for today!). Shop them for $69 here.Wearers report that these are the ultimate compression leggings – one review even dubbed them "the best Luxtreme workout pants." They wick sweat and have a cool, breathable fabric for hardcore fitness. Added bonus: they're on sale right now for $69 from their usual $98. High rise leggings are the best leggings – this is not a debate and please, do not @ me. Wunder Under leggings hit perfectly at the waist for a super flattering shape. Because of the high cut, the transition from tights to skin is smooth and completely seamless, which means zero elastic lines under your shirt.On top of that, these leggings are buttery soft and comfy enough for all-day wear. You can shop some versions of this cult-favorite legging for 42% off today only. There's only one thing better than dresses with pockets: leggings with pockets. And when I say 'pockets,' I mean real fit-your-phone-and-then-some pockets, not those tiny, useless key pouches most fitness leggings come with. If that's not a big enough selling-point, just check out those seam lines – these'll make your butt look like a 11/10.  Currently, these babies are on sale for $79 in honor of the holiday. Shop them here.  You can wear these to school, but they were built to absorb spin class-levels of sweat. Even though they're a long pant, the Movement has a cool-feeling fabric to keep you from overheating, not matter how intense your fitness grind. If you're looking for a slick liquid legging you can go hard in, add these babies to your cart now.You know how you've got categories of leggings? There are the leggings you run outside in, the leggings you run inside in, the leggings you sleep in, and then the dressy wear-as-pants leggings you wear to class? The Fast and Free will be your top pick for all of the above. These are like a thinner, lighter version of the cult favorite Align Pant. They serve up the perfect blend of stretch and compression, but the sweat-wicking fabric feels sooo light on your skin – it's almost like wearing a cloud. Lululemon designers created these tights specifically for runners, so they emphasized stretch and a barely-there feel.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Here's everything you need to know. Everyone has that one pair of leggings that they wear over and over again, and for most of us, that pair is Lululemon. I've tried out plenty of workout tights and while some other leggings come close, none can quite match the luxury feel, major butt uplift, and unbeatable comfort of a classic pair of Lulus. But, as all fans know, that comfort comes with a hefty price tag. Now, with a national shopping holiday in effect, fans of the athleisure retailer are prepping for some serious spending. Lululemon's Black Friday and Cyber Monday sales are in full swing with major, major markdowns at 50% off or more. Score discounts on some of their most beloved products RIGHT NOW – everything from their fan favorite Wunder Under Tight, to my personal favorite Align Pant. I am literally wearing Lululemon's famous Align Pant as I write this story – that's how good they are. Get certain colors for 30% off right now at $69.This chic jacket is sportswear meets streetwear. There are four colors on site (all still fully stocked), but this rose gold topper is my personal favorite.Score this fanny pack in pink or green at half off the original price. Ask anyone about Lululemon and chances are you'll be treated to a 20-minute speech about the life-changing fit of the Wunder Under Tight. Shop now to save up to 42% off on this reader favorite legging. Spring Break prep starts now. Get the perfect summery suit on sale for $69.HURRY! These seamless leggings are still in stock in sizes 2-12. Shop them now at $39 off. According to reviews, this wear-everywhere dress is just as soft as Lululemon's famous leggings. Score one for yourself at 50% off. Built-in pockets, a seamless fit, and it's on sale? It's the ultimate Cyber Monday bargain. Shop eight different colorways in sizes 32B up to 38DD for $39 only on Cyber Monday.This sale includes tons of Wunder Under options. This cropped version comes in a deep blush and ocean blue.Today is the day to invest in a winter coat you'll have for years. This sleeping bag puffer is on sale for $249 off its original price of $598. A simple crossbody fit for workouts, internships, date night and more. Plus, it's only $49.This touchable hoodie looks just as good at the gym as it does under a posh boyfriend blazer. Snag one for yourself at up to 44% off its usual price. This is the cool-girl workout jacket you've been looking for – and it's on major sale for Cyber Monday.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Leave your books at home! Gossip Girl is making a comeback and so is the show's iconic prepster style. From Blair Waldorf's statement headbands to Serena van der Woodsen's pleated school skirt, preppy staples are making their way back into the wardrobes of Upper East Siders and beyond. If you're looking to get in on the trend this season, we have you covered. Nailing the style is all about wearing classic, clean pieces, with just a hint of collegiate influence. Stripes in red or blue, penny loafers, and varsity jackets are just a few ivy league items you can incorporate into your everyday look. Ahead, get all the preppy outfit inspo you need to channel your inner Blair.Layer a crisp white button-down under a logo t-shirt and add a pop of color with cherry red accessories. Preppy fashion never looked so cool.What you'll need: Color Block Push Lock Satchel Bag, $18, SHEINSHOP NOWCooler temperatures call for an oversized pinstripe blazer. Pair with a boyfriend-style button-down and an artsy statement belt for an updated preppy outfit that doesn't feel too stuffy.What you'll need: Dad Suit Blazer, $92, ASOS DESIGNSHOP NOWTry wearing your favorite trench inside out, to shop off the classic plaid lining. Layer a clear raincoat on top to rev up the cool factor. What you'll need: Trench Coat, $50, A New DaySHOP NOWDo Cher proud in a yellow mini straight out of the movie Clueless. Style it up with a graphic knit to bring this '90s favorite into 2019. What you'll need: Best I Ever Plaid Skirt, $68, BB DakotaSHOP NOWThis outfit is proof that preppy style can take on any vibe – even Victorian goth. Pair up overly prep items, like a peacoat and button-up, with edgy details, like these leather over-the-knee boots.What you'll need: Button Notched Lapel Coat, $59, Allegra KSHOP NOWMix sporty and prep, with a color block parka that can do both.  This coat can take on any vibe (depending on how you style it) thanks to the super versatile color scheme. What you'll need: Cotton-blend Parka, $60, H&MSHOP NOWA bold stripe is a trademark preppy look that'll never go out of style. Try wearing your button-up backwards (yes, backwards) and off the shoulder to make the staple feel brand new.What you'll need: Preppy Embroidered Stripe Shirt, $79, Court & RoweSHOP NOWThe combo of a red cable knit sweater and jeans is a easy preppy outfit to pull off. Grunge down the look with Docs and a trendy shoulder bag.What you'll need: Cropped Cable Knit Sweater, $30, HUTOBISHOP NOWA fitted white turtleneck is a tried and true prepster favorite. You can layer under your favorite sweater, tuck it into high waisted jeans, or double down on preppy vibes with a nautical striped skirt.What you'll need: Cotton Turtleneck Tee, $28, EverlaneSHOP NOWSift through your local thrift store (or raid your dad's closet) for a retro letterman jacket that gives of allll the preppy feels.  Pair with a vintage-y concert tee and contrasting pants.What you'll need: Varsity Jacket, $80, GENZSHOP NOWNothing says "preppy" like a classic Lacoste varsity knit. Try wearing yours oversized with slim joggers or dress it up with a skinny jean and boots.What you'll need: Varsity V-Neck Sweater, $78, 525 americaSHOP NOWThis is the ultimate preppy outfit. An oversized stripe-trim cardigan adds effortless elegance to a white tee and jeans.  Keep accessories low-key so the sweater steals the show. What you'll need: Stripe Trim Cardigan, $99, Court & CroweSHOP NOWA bright cobalt blazer will add just the right about of pop to a neutral outfit. Add some matching sunnies for fashion blogger-levels of chicness.What you'll need: Double Breasted Blazer, $68, Nine WestSHOP NOWThis is the ultimate cool-girl preppy outfit. Make your classic penny loafers feel fashion-y with cropped jeans and cute striped socks.What you'll need: Black Penny Loafer, $65, Dr. Scholl'sSHOP NOWRed, white, and blue is such an iconic color combination. Try a lipstick red Mary Jane with a dark denim trench for an understated preppy outfit.What you'll need: Denim Trench Coat, $148, GUESSSHOP NOW		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			If you want to get your shop on, here's where to do it.There is truly no greater feeling than crossing off every single person on your holiday shopping list, before the month of December even begins. And the feeling only gets better when you realize you've done it for less than what you spend on an average trip to Sephora. That's the mark of a seasoned holiday shopper. How is that possible?, you might be asking – well, the secret is all in these two words: Black Friday. Thanks to major markdowns, doorbuster deals, and crazy-discounted sales, you can score all the best gifts for wayyy less than you would normally. All it takes is a little planning. Here are all the most epic fashion, beauty, and home (ie: the most important ones) Black Friday AND Cyber Monday deals that will save you major cash.MadewellFrom 11/26 - 12/01 get 30% off your purchase. GapFrom 11/27 - 11/30, Gap.com will offer customers 50% off everything, plus an extra 10% off everything (excluding doorbusters) when they check out using the code "BLKFRIDAY." From 12/1 - 12/4, get 50% off everything, plus an extra 10% off everything (excluding doorbusters) with code "CYBER." Gap.com is also offering free shipping on all orders.TobiGet 65-80% off sitewide for Black Friday (11/28 - 11/30) and 65-90% off sitewide for Cyber Monday (12/1 - 12/2).EverlaneFor every order placed on Black Friday, Everlane is donating $10 to Oceana’s campaign efforts to end single-use plastic, with the goal of raising $300,000.Old NavyFrom 11/20 - 11/26 take 50% off all jeans, sweaters and outerwear in-stores and online. From 11/27 - 11/29 get 50% off everything (exclusions apply), including thousands of styles from $5, both in-stores and online. From 11/28 - 11/29 get Select Cozy Sock styles for $1 per pair, both in-store and online. For every $1 Cozy Sock purchased during the sale, Old Navy will donate $1 to Boys & Girls Clubs. Nasty GalTake 60% off your purchase from 11/24-12/2 – and hurry, because you know the good stuff is going to sell out fast. UGGTreat your feet with 25-35% off select styles site-wide and in concept stores. The sales begin at 12 am ET 11/27 and in concept stores on 11/27 at opening. Rebecca MinkoffTrade up that worn-out tote for a quality bag at a discount price. From 11/25 - 11/28 get 25% off orders $100+. From 11/29 - 12/1 cash in on 25% off orders $100+ and 30% off orders $250+. From 12/2 - 12/3 get 25% off orders $100+, 30% off orders $250+, and 35% off orders $350+.Lane BryantShop the beloved plus size retailer from 11/28 - 12/2 and get almost everything 40% off. Plus, some really great doorbuster deals. Depop Tons of Depop shops are offering stellar Cyber Monday deals – most offering 30% off or more. Dita Von Teese, Jesse Jo Stark, Zuri Marley, and Jazzelle Zanaughtti will all offer 30% off. Kelzey Karalus, PVD VTG, Denim Shop, and The Cali Vintage will all offer 40% off.  GuessShop any time from 11/23 - 11/27 and receive 30% off entire store, with exclusions. From 11/28 -  12/3, get 40% off the entire store, with select exclusions and a GWP Travel Kit with $150+ purchase. Nine WestTake 50% off all boots and booties from 11/22 - 11/25. Get 50% off sitewide from 11/26 - 12/3. Use code "MORESHOES" from 12/4 - 12/5 for buy 2, get 50% off sitewide. PLUS, boots and booties under-$99 from 12/6 - 12/7.ReefTake 20% off sitewide from 11/28 - 12/2 with code "CYBER20." On top of that, get free two-day delivery from 12/12-12/20 with code "INTIME."Hanky PankyWith these great deals, you can stock up on all the undies you need. Get 50% jersey thongs, french briefs, and boyshorts on 11/29. Then, get 50% off retro 3-packs on 11/30.Katy Perry Footwear  Score kicks designed by Katy herself with 30% off sitewide 11/29 - 12/1 and 40% off sitewide 12/2 - 12/3.ModClothFrom 11/28 - 12/1 get 20% off everything, 30% off $100, 40% off $200+ and new doorbuster sales every day. 12/2 - 12/3 take 30% off everything and free shipping.Aeropostale Take 60 - 70% off all clothing and accessories in-store and online. Plus, take home a free blanket with $100+ purchase 11/27 - 12/3. David's Bridal David's Bridal is one of the best places to buy cheap prom dresses all year round, but their holiday sales are epic. From 11/27 - 11/128, take 20% off your entire purchase online. Then, from 11/29 - 12/1, get 50% off select bridesmaid dresses, plus shop $99 bridesmaid dresses, $99 holiday dresses, and $79 party dresses in stores and lone. Then, from 12/2 - 12/3 get an extra 50% off clearance.   Forever 21On 11/28 take 30% off sitewide. Get 30% off sitewide and an extra 30% off of sale on 11/29. 11/30-12/1 get 50% off sale and 21% off your purchase online. On 12/2, Forever 21 is offering their biggest sale of the year at 40% off the entire site. 12/3 get 30% off the site. LF Stores Get up to 50% off the sitewide excluding shoes and accessories on 11/26 only. Take an additional 30% off all sale merchandise 12/1 - 12/3. AldoGet 50% off the original price of sale styles and 20% off all regular priced styles on Black Friday. On Cyber Monday, and buy 2 and get 25% off.Lilly PulitzerReceive exclusive Lilly Pulitzer Stackable Ornaments FREE with a purchase of $75 or more 11/28 - 11/30.MinnetonkaTake 25% off select bestsellers from 11/28 - 12/3, plus receive a free sock with purchase from 11/25 - 11/27.  TOMSStarting on 11/24 through 12/2 you can receive 30% off your TOMS purchase by using the code "THANKFUL."Lucky BrandShop on 11/25 - 11/30 to score 50% off of the entire Lucky Brand site – yep, that means EVERYTHING.TevaItems on the Teva website will be marked down up to 50% off 11/27 - 12/2. If you spend $120+, get free expedited shipping 11/29 - 11/30.SperryFrom 11/27 - 12/3 get up to 50% off.  Ban.do Ban.do is offering 30% off their entire website 11/25 - 12/2.Richer Poorer Take 35% off sitewide from 11/27 to 12/2. SteeleFrom 11/29 - 12/2, shop major bargains from YouTuber Amanda Steele's debut brand. When you buy $150, you'll save $25; buy $200, save $40; buy $350, save $60. On top of that, get 30% off the sale section.DL1961 DenimBlack Friday through the following Sunday (12/1), take 40% off the site with code "FRIDAY40." Score the same deal on Cyber Monday with code "MONDAY40."IcingNov 28 - Dec 2 score $7.99 phone cases, $9.99 slippers, and $24.99 bags. Plus, 20% off next purchase.PrettyLittleThingOn Thanksgiving get up to 70% off everything, Black Friday, get up to 75% off everything, and Cyber Monday, up to 80% off everything.   Outdoor Voices Outdoor Voices will offer 25% off online and in-stores with code "THANKS25" from November 29 - December 2.  The Daily EditedWanna go into 2020 with literal "secure the bag" energy? Shop the entire The Daily Edited site at 20% off on Black Friday and Cyber Monday.Astrid & MiyuThe jewelry brand is offering 25% off their entire site 11/26 - 12/4.Chinese LaundryFrom 11/25 - 12/1 holiday shoppers can cash in on 30% off the entire website (minus some exclusions). From 12/2 - 12/3 get 30% off regular priced items (some exclusions), 40% off of EVERY sale item. BaubleBarGet 35% off sitewide on BaubleBar.com 11/28 - 12/3.TimberlandFinally, you can cop those boots you've been lusting after all autumn long. Timberland is offering 30% off 11/25 - 11/30.Stella & BowGet 20% off all fine jewelry from 11/28 - 12/2 when you enter code "Holiday20" at checkout. In addition, you can get up to 70% off all costume jewelry from 11/29 - 12/2.HunterGet up to 30% off selected lines on Black Friday and Cyber Monday. Free PeopleFor 24 hours only, get 20% off purchases $250 - $499 and 25% off $500+ on 11/15 in all US stores + online. FossilRunning through 11/24 - 12/1 knock 30% off of your entire purchase, with 50% off select styles with code "INTHEBAG." Additionally, the brand will offer up to 70% off sale items + 30% off purchase with code "MONDAY" from 12/2 - 12/3.  It's A 10Take 50% off all products, plus free shipping and free samples with every order (no minimum purchase necessary). The deal runs from 11/29 - 12/2 until 11:59PM EST with code "BLACKFRIDAY50."COVERGIRLCOVERGIRL will have over 430 products on sale, all up to 30% off! 11/28 - 12/2.YSL BeautyOn Thanksgiving, Black Friday, and Cyber Monday, get 20% off any purchase of $50 or more and free ground shipping. YSL Beauty is also offering free samples and tons of doorbuster deals.  Benefit Cosmetics11/26 - 12/3 get 25% off EVERYTHING and free shipping.  MILK Makeup 11/25 - 11/28 get a Cyber Set with a KUSH backpack, offering a full face of MILK Makeup for $40. The set includes: 1 Blur Liquid Matte Foundation, 1 KUSH Barrette, 1 Hydro Grip Deluxe Sample, 1 Glow Oil in Solar, and 1 Kush Mascara Deluxe Sample.Sol de JaneiroFrom 11/25 - 12/2, get 25% off when you spend $75 or more on SoldeJaneiro.com.Moroccanoil To celebrate Black Friday, from 11/28 through 12/1 all customers will receive a Dry Body Oil and Hand Cream Fragrance Originale with orders $95+.ColourPopTake 30% off sitewide (some exclusions apply) 11/25 - 12/3.e.l.f. Cosmetics Shop 11/28 - 12/2 to get 50% off orders totaling $30+. Bondi SandsShop 11/27-11/29 and get 30% off sitewide, PLUS a gift with purchase. Take home a free a Self Tan Eraser when you spend $60+. On 12/2 get 40% off sitewide.NYX CosmeticsOn Black Friday (11/29) get 30% off all items + free mini Worth The Hype Mascara and Sponge with online purchases. In stores, get 30% off all items, plus free Love Lust Disco tote with $30 purchase or free Swear By It Shadow Palette with $40 purchase. On Cyber Monday (12/2) get 40% off all items + free mini Worth The Hype Mascara + Sponge with purchase.FreshFor Black Friday and Cyber Monday, (11/28 - 12/2) take 20% off sitewide (including gift sets), plus free 2-day shipping. Then, from 12/3 - 12/8 get a 7-piece gift w/ $100+ purchase.Bed Bath & BeyondTake 25% off your entire purchase with in-store only coupons on Thanksgiving and Black Friday. Plus, get 20% off your entire purchase online and in stores Wednesday, November 27 through Friday, November 29.DormifyGet 30% off with promo code "HOLIDAY" from 11/25 - 12/3.OtterboxShop on the Otterbox website for 30% off everything on Black Friday. Then, from 12/2/19 - 12/3/19 get 25% off the site. PopSocketsFrom Wednesday 11/27 through Monday 12/2, get 20% off sitewide. On Giving Tuesday (12/3), 100% of Poptivism purchases will be donated and $1 of all items purchased will be donated.Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The tiniest gifts that won't break the bank.STEP AWAY FROM THE FUZZY SOCKS AND PUT DOWN THE TOOTHBRUSH. Whew, that was a close one. You almost gave your family the most cliche stocking stuffers of the holiday season. Thankfully, you came here first to find some waaay cooler presents. Skip the $1 section at Target and fill your family's Christmas stockings with tiny trinkets they'll actually love, instead. From sick phone accessories and bath essentials to magical candy straight out of the Harry Potter films, there's a mini gift here for every single person on your holiday shopping list. Before you start panicking about how much all of this is going to cost, don't worry, because every single thing costs less than $10 (with some under $5). Keep reading for all the stocking stuffers that might be cooler than an actual gift.  Coffee is amazing in any form – especially gummies. These pearl earrings look like a luxury splurge, but they're only $2 a pair. Two scrunchies for under $5? Even on a list of gifts under $10, this is the ultimate bargain. Yep, butt masks are a thing and you can snag one for only $8. This watermelon-scented version (yummy) is packed with fruit extracts to leave your cheeks looking "plump, dewy, and hydrated."You know what I said about not gifting socks for the holidays? Yeah, this donut pair is the exception to that rule. Gift a jasmine, rose, and sandalwood scented soap wrapped specially for your favorite Scorpio (or Gemini, or Cancer, or Leo). This Chocolate Frog ring doesn't come with a collectable card, but it does make for a pretty sweet accessory. Keep them in this little plush zip-up and you'll never have to untangle your headphones again.  This posh plaid cap will look chic with literally every single item in your closet. Give the gift of the Notorious RBG this holiday season. Elevate your lazy day ponytail with a fashion-y splash of color. You've got masks for your face, under eyes, hair, and butt – give your lips the same luxury. Gift this teeny avocado toast to your favorite brunchacholic. This festive hand cleanser has hints of rosemary and mint, so you'll be smelling like Christmas looong after the holidays are over. Planning to gift the VSCO girl starter pack this year? Start with this nourishing balm.  Treat your cheeks to a soft underwear hug after you do that sheet mask. Plus, 1% of your purchase will go to Planned Parenthood. These jellies are straight out of Honeydukes Sweet Shop. Want more HP gifts? Click here for the coolest Potterhead presents. The Office fans only, please. Run this magic wand under your faucet for a bubble explosion. (Mix it with your unicorn bath bomb for a next-level bath experience.)This $9 print is the Instagrammable touch your desk has been waiting for. This lippie really is the best ever – don't believe me? Read our full review (ie: love letter) here. Further your coconut oil addiction with this beachy lotion. Honestly, this real af eye mask is a whole mood.This minty whip smells like ice cream, but hydrates your skin like a Gatorade. This yummy blam packs all the flavor of your favorite baked treat. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			With items from Burt's Bees, Birkenstock, and, of course, Hydro Flask.She's already got the Crocs, the Fjällräven Kånken backpack, and a whole drawer full of reusable straws – so then what should you get your favorite VSCO girl for the holidays? Well, it's literally my job to be an expert on VSCO girls and trust me, there are still some really cool gifts out there she'll love. Here, you can shop the ultimate VSCO girl gift guide, packed with items from her favorite brands, like Burt's Bees, Birkenstock, and, of course, Hydro Flask. On top of that you can score all the eco-friendly, no-waste items she should have in her beauty rotation. Level-up your Insta aesthetic with retro film photos. This set comes with a camera, mini clipboards, a wallet album, and extra film. This is the VSCO girl cowrie shell necklace elevated. Rainbow beadwork and a metallic shell will add a dose of color to your neck stack. VSCO girls love a Burt's Bees lip balm. Get her that and more with this holiday set, which comes with two balms, body lotion, foot cream, cleansing wipes, and a makeup bag to hold it all. Unlike your typical suede and leather Birkenstocks, this (much cheaper) version is totally waterproof. Add these refreshers to your daily skin routine – they're VSCO girl-approved. Keep one of these reusable totes on your bag for everyday use. Swap out wateful plastic bags to do your part for the turtles.  Opt for hands-free hydration with a Hydro Flask bottle carrier.  Between face wipes, disposable razors, and plastic toothbrushes, that's a lot of waste. Make the switch to biodegradable bamboo products.This Fjällräven wallet will go perfectly with her favorite Fjällräven Kånken backpack.These balms are viral sensations for a reason: they're ultra hydrating, with delicious flavors and subtle glossy shine.AirPods are super trendy, but these are way cuter. A VSCO girl is only has good as her scrunchie collection. Add three more with this satin tropical set.Instead of the screw-on cap, this Hydro Flask comes with a build-in straw for less spillage.  Make your water bottle look 100% you with waterproof stickers of all the things you love. You can shop any theme on Amazon (yep, even The Office).  		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You may or may not want to "borrow" some of these for yourself. He annoys you to death on a daily basis and trolls basically every one of your selfies, but deep down, you love your brother. And even though his idea of a thoughtful Christmas gift is a fat wad of cash, you can still get him a present he'll actually be pumped about. Lucky for you, the perfect item is probably already on this list. Shop all the things he never knew he needed, but from now forward, won't be able to live without. These little luxuries (like cushy slippers and a quality skincare routine) will make his life so much better. Whether he's a stylish bro, a hipster bro, or a good old-fashioned frat bro, I can guarantee he'll love these holiday picks. Get ready to check your sibling off your holiday shopping list early this year, thanks to these totally unique – and affordable, since, let's be real, he probably won't get you anything – Christmas gifts for brothers.This cheap gift is sure to put a smile on your brother's face. Levi'snflshop.com$103.59SHOP NOWFinally, he can throw out that smelly jersey. This fleece-lined jacket has all the team pride, but looks so much more stylish. Your brother has better accessories than you do. Gift him this beaded bracelet, then steal it from him later. You're welcome.Your brother drinks bubble tea like you drink iced coffee: All. The. Time. After unboxing this kit, he'll be able to make his own. I can guarantee none of his friends will get a watch this cool for the holidays. The mix of black and olive wood looks so stylish. This pack looks streetwear-cool, but has a ton of room for everything he needs (phone, charger, wallet, sunglasses, keys, Nintendo Switch, and a snack). Self care isn't exactly high on his list of priorities, but this rejuvenating bath soak will definitely help him relax. Seaweed is packed with antioxidants and essential vitamins for ultimate nourishment.He can take this body-less guitar anywhere for jam sessions on the go. If your sibling struggles with acne, give them the thing they really want for the holidays: clear skin. This box is full of Kendall Jenner's favorite products – so you know it's good. If you big bro is also a frat bro, he'll love this preppy vest. He can layer it over button-ups, sweaters, and tees – literally anything in his closet. Make your own ice cream at home just by playing catch. Plus, it comes with bonus gifts for you: brother bonding time and homemade ice cream.  There's nothing your bro values more than a good nap. Trust me, he'll get the best sleep of his life under this weighted blanket.  Everyone wants smooth skin, including your brother (even if he won't admit it). A micro-needle roller will help get rid of wrinkles, large pores, uneven skin tone, texture, and blemishes.Say it with me: save 👏 the 👏 turtles 👏. This kit will help eco-conscious bros reduce tons of waste. It comes with a reusable sandwich bag, Baggu tote, bamboo cutlery, and stainless steel straws. Smells like holiday spirit. A mini Kurt Cobain makes the perfect stocking stuffer for guys.  If your brother is the rolled-up-pants-with-dirty-sneakers type, he'll love showing off these cool socks. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Alright girl, go ahead.Kendall and Kylie make looking fabulous effortless. Let them be your super-chic muse for your next #OOTD.Kendall Jenner and I have one very important thing in common: when the temps drop, we both live in platform Doc Martens. The supermodel stepped out in NYC wearing an oversized button-up, $27 Dickies Girl pants, and the coolest pair of zippered combat boots. Both her pants AND her boots are still available online. What you'll need: Sinclair Smooth Boots, $195, Dr. MartensSHOP NOW  ✨ 9.30.19A post shared by  Kylie ✨ (@kyliejenner) on Oct 1, 2019 at 7:20am PDTThe wedding of the century just wouldn't be so without an appearance from Kylie Jenner. The star dazzled at Justin Bieber and Hailey Baldwin's nuptials in a glitzy foiled gold gown that showed some major sideboob. She accessorized the metallic dress with a nod to her daughter Stormi (whose bedroom is butterfly themed) in the form of a crystal butterfly bag.For last night's DKNY party, Kendall Jenner did the most Fashion Week thing ever: stepped out wearing absolutely no pants. She wore a longline satin blazer as a dress, then added some square-toe boots and a mesh camera bag – that, FYI, is currently on sale for $79. This is officially the most supermodel look I've ever seen. Not sure what I would do without them!!!! #HappyNationalSisterDayA post shared by  Kim Kardashian West (@kimkardashian) on Aug 4, 2019 at 10:48am PDTIn honor of National Sibling Day, Kim Kardashian shared a photo op of her and Kylie Jenner wearing matching outfits, the likes of which I have never seen before in my life. They're kind of like one-legged bodysuits that are also boots? Or like, over-the-shoulder boots? I'm not really sure what to call these. Either way, fashion has just reached another new (weird) milestone, courtesy of the Kardashian/Jenner fam. Bras and blazers, day two! For the second time this week, King Kylie (does she still call herself that?) forgot to put on a shirt before leaving the house. She showed off a black bra at Khloe Kardashian's birthday party and wow, we have truly been blessed.  w/ tha vibessss 🖤A post shared by  Kylie (@kyliejenner) on Jun 25, 2019 at 11:47am PDTSexy blazer looks are becoming a Kardashian/Jenner staple. Kim loves going topless under the business casual jackets and now Kylie's getting in on the trend. She posted a fire Instagram wearing nothing but a lacy bra under a silky maroon blazer. In related news, my smoke alarm is now going off. escape the ordinary 🧡🔥🤬🦊A post shared by  Kylie (@kyliejenner) on May 27, 2019 at 7:45pm PDTWith all that money, Kylie seems to have bought a time machine, because judging by her 100% visible thong, we're back in 2003. Kylie flaunted her undergarments in this totally see-through, cutout neon snakeskin dress. Lowkey, I'm kind of loving it. a blessed Easter ✨💫A post shared by  Kylie (@kyliejenner) on Apr 21, 2019 at 5:48pm PDTShe is RISEN! Kylie slayed the earth with a butt-length braid covered in pretty charms for Kanye West's Sunday Service. The makeup mogul completed the look with an Easter-appropriate maxi dress and some lowkey PDA.A post shared by Kylie (@kyliejenner) on Mar 12, 2019 at 10:44pm PDTIn a predictable fashion move that surprised no one, Kylie opted for a butt cheek-accentuating dress and lucite pumps for a night out with her sisters. She celebrated her bootyliciousness with a bangin' belfie for the gram. Kendall Jenner threw caution to the wind at the 2019 Vanity Fair Oscars After-Party with her choice of dress. Leaving little to the imagination, the lower portion of the gown was made up of what can only be described as a glorified loin cloth. Luckily, Kenny was wearing some cute underwear that was obviously meant to prevent anything too risqué from poking out and it seems like she made it through the night without issue. Even though travis went crazy extra for Valentine's Day, Kylie went totally laid back. She posed under her tunnel of love in a sherpa trucker jacket, leggings, and Nikes. Like her shoes? Shop the exact same pair here. Pre-Grammys Kylie went all out! Homegirl looked like a freakin' knockout in this ultra sexy red dress and a matching lip. Get ready, because everyone you know will be wearing red to prom as a direct result of this moment. MORE: 29 Best Red Prom Dresses Inspired By the Dancing Lady EmojiThe queen of Fashion Nova is back with another fire fit for under $100. Kylie's servin bod in a $30 fluff crop top and ass-hugging $35 jeans – both of which are still available online in almost every size. I never thought I'd have a burning desire to own a one-shoulder sweater, but alas, the power of Kylie.Is it too late for a last-minute homecoming dress swap? Because you're going to want to steal Kendall's look for sure. She stunned in a bright orange one-shoulder midi covered in rhinestones. Even through my computer screen, this sparkly number is dazzling – just imagine what all those crystals would look like under strobe lights.Warning: major throwback vibes ahead! Kylie stepped out in NYC rocking the perfect denim jumpsuit and looking like a 1990s dream. Love the look? Scoop your own one-piece here. SHOP THIS LOOKWhile these jeans may look like your typical pair of boyfriend jeans, they are actually, quite literally, boyfriend jeans. As in, they're men's jeans. Yup, Kendall is rocking some men's Levi's better than your boyfriend could. Get the jeans now: 501 Original Fit Jeans, $50, Levi'sShop NowKylie Jenner doesn't care that it's after Labor Day, she's going to rock a white dress if she wants to. This one shoulder, body con dress is super cute and perfect for Homecoming. The best part? It's only $40. Pair it with heals to dress it up, or opt for the more casual look and grab some sneaks like Kylie. Get the dress now: Scarlett One-Shoulder Bodycon Rib Mini Dress, $40, Meshki.comShop NowWhile headed to a book party during New York Fashion Week, Kendall Jenner rocked a look that only she could pull off: calf pants. Yeah, like pants that go from your knees to your feet. It's called fashion people, look it up. If an outfit wants to make it to Kylie Jenner's Instagram it's got to hit three checkpoints: all black, skin-tight, Stormi reference. If you look closely on her latest gram, this 'fit checks them all.  Zoom in to see her epic diamond-studded Stormi chain. The CFDAs was a weird night of fashion for the Kardashian/Jenner fam. Kim wore a two-piece toga and Kendall came through in a pastel Big Bird costume. She toned-down the over-the-top look with sleek neutral pumps and delicate earrings. Add this look to the list of outfits only Kylie Jenner could pull off. Over the weekend, the KUWTK star wore a lacy bra as a shirt underneath what looks like a water-resistant rain suit. Somehow she still managed to slay. On the red carpet, Kendall is all tulle and nips. But weekend Kendall loves grungy menswear. She rocked an American flag print sweater with baggy mom jeans and a chunky leather belt. Is anyone else getting major Harry Styles vibes? Kylie Jenner took NYC by Stormi (lol) in the weirdest outfit I've ever set eyes on. She wore 1/4 of a sweatshirt paired with a half-cropped tank and what looks like a garbage bag converted into pants. I'm both interested and confused. While out in L.A., Kendall was looking extra with a capital E. She wore a baby pink feathered crop top with high rise jeans and clear strappy heels. SO '90s. There's zero shame in Kenny's nip game. She rocked a see-through top over a sheer bra with a khaki blazer while on the red carpet for the new film The Fifth Quarter.If you were looking for Halloween inspo, Kendall just perfected the 'chic cowboy' look in a western button-up, mom jeans, and pointy boots. Kenny's latest fashion risk comes to us in the form of a weird denim jacket that you could probably DIY for next to nothing. Literally all you'd have to do is buy a vintage jacket, wrap it, and secure with a broach. (Then add a fanny pack, duh.) This just in: polka-dots are officially cool again. As are teeny tiny sunglasses, Kendall's go-to summer accessory. Lessons in how to make sweats look chic: rock them in a stand-out hue with cool girl shades to protect your eyes from the vibrant color of your choosing. Pirate boots, Peter Pan Boots - whatever you want to call them, Kendall Jenner is bringing back your 2011 obsession. She paired them with a frilled-out mini dress for girly/rocker vibes. Sheer tops, tiny shades, and old-school fanny packs are currently Kendall's jam. She wore her faves with what looks like the comfiest pair of Bermuda jorts on earth. Kendall stepped out in a totally sheer red top and mom jeans, showing off her favorite accessory: her nipples. Kendall Jenner's nips for president! This lazy day look is so chic thanks to badass mesh leggings, a retro windbreaker, and of course, a glam mini bag. In related new: I'm throwing out all my jeans. While backing her bestie Cara Delevingne at the premiere of Valerian, Kenny wore a modern black mini with slouchy sleeves that somehow kind of look like over-the-knee boots. She didn't wear actual over-the-knee boots, instead she went for simple black pumps and a neutral lip. Further proof that Kylie is a magical alien creature above all of us lowly humans: she wore leather pants during the summer without breaking a sweat. Props to you, girl. Grab your magnifying glass, because it's time for a round of Where's Kendall's Purse? (It's the furry pink speck in her right hand.) Her earrings are literally bigger than the bag! What is this black magic?!Since Kendall basically owns a neutrals-only wardrobe, her accessories have to go above and beyond – and these shoes definitely achieve that. The bold floral gives a fun kick to her white-on-white look.Kylie amped up a plain body suit with a statement duster jacket and metallic heels for fashion week shows. Kenny must be really into Pinterest dorm decor, because she's rocking two of the biggest trends: massive knits and knot pillows. Since her sweater is inspired by bedroom trends, it's probably cozy af. Kendall has mastered the art of in-between-seasons style, rocking a totally flawless look on the red carpet at a Fendi and Zuma event. She rocked a spring-y lipstick red romper and a cold-weather-ready fur stole, with strappy black heels. Totally on point!Kendall has just found the secret equation to making leggings actually look dressy. She paired them with a sparkly top and cool sneakers, taking her leggings from super comfy to crazy chic!Kendall bundles up in an army green bomber jacket, Ugg boots and a matching furry trapper hat. Paid endorsement or not, she looks totally comfy and adorable. Kylie looks sporty-chic in matching black sweatpants and crop top that she paired with  black sneaks. Kendall rocks a sleek all-black ensemble, but her thigh-high boots with gold details make her outfit totally stand out.Kendall looks casual-cool in a motorcycle jacket, gray hoodie and black skinnies.Kylie showed off her abs in a crop top and high-waisted cropped jeans. A long gray coat kept the flirty look covered up enough for fall.Kendall looks totally badass in a graphic t-shirt dress, mid-calf boots, and a matching black choker. Kendall pulls off this fashion-y look by sticking to chic neutrals. Kylie makes athletic wear look super stylish in a crop top and black spandex leggings. She tops off her sporty outfit with a white baseball hat and matching sneaks.Kylie rocks a long-sleeved sweater dress with some nude pumps.Kylie wears a long, fuzzy coat out for dinner with Caitlyn Jenner. She rocked a bold blue lip in honor of World Bullying Prevention Day.Kendall steps out in in simple white tee and jeans combo. She spiced up the look with funky platform flats, a fab sheepskin bomber jacket, and a burgundy bag. The fur-capped shoulders on Kendall's black turtleneck add instant glam and class to her look. Kylie balances her super flirty cutout shoulder crop top with high-waisted culottes and leather ankel boots.  Kendall pairs a two-tone fur jacket with green leather pants and chic pointed-toe booties. Kylie rocks one of fall's hottest trends — a suede dress. Her simple heels dress it up, while her backpack keeps it from looking too try-hard. Kendall shows a little skin in a bright blue top. She keeps the outfit classy by balancing the cutout top with high-waisted black skinnies and pointed-toe flats.Kendall's black pants and long black jacket make a statement with her sexy lace bralette and sheer top.Kylie looks sophisticated and stylish in this sleek all-black look. We love the unique shoulder cutouts on her coat, and that brown lip is totally on-trend for fall.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			And they're dropping today. The anticipation for Frozen 2 is settling upon the nation like a fluffy blanket of snow. In recent weeks, there have been endless product launches and Selena Gomez even dressed up as Anna on the red carpet. The most exciting drop of all is hitting shelves today, though: a full Frozen-themed shoe collection. Luxury footwear brand Ruthie Davis has teamed up with Disney to create a six-piece collection inspired by the new film. Within the line, you'll find a shoe for everyone. There are platform pumps embellished with fall leaves, lucite booties that legit look like ice, and not one, but TWO pairs of silvery platform sneakers that Elsa herself would die for. "This is an exciting collection as it is inspired by not one but two incredible sisters: Anna and Elsa.  They each bring their own voice and journey to the designs, so we broke the collection into two distinct groups - one more Anna inspired and one more Elsa inspired," Ruthie shared. Fans who want to score a pair for themselves need only wait a few hours. The full collection will be available to shop tonight (Nov. 21) at 6 pm ET exclusively on the Ruthie Davis website. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She has power dressing nailed. Like many inspiring women before her, Millie Bobby Brown is using her voice to change the world. And like those women (Michelle Obama, Emma Watson, Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez), Millie has mastered the art of power dressing. Every badass woman knows exactly what to wear in order to chanel her most fearless self – a signature look that helps you present important ideas with just a little bit more confidence. For Hillary Clinton, it's the pantsuit. For AOC, a bold red lip. And for Millie, it's a sleek statement dress. At the UN summit for World Children's Day 2019, Millie wore a vintage-inspired plaid Thom Browne blouse and skirt set with matching ankle booties.  The star of her outfit, though, is probably something you didn't even notice: her enamel UNICEF pin. Millie presented a moving speech about the harmful effects of bullying on behalf of UNICEF, sharing her own experiences with harassment online. "Like millions of other girls around the world, I’ve also been bullied and harassed online," Millie said. "It’s a terrifying feeling to look at your phone and see that messaging people are sending you are filled with anger, hate, and even threats. So many of these are strangers and anonymous trolls on the internet. And like all bullies, they gain their power by taking power away from others. By making them feel as scared and helpless as I did.""Bullying and online threats are never harmless," she continued. "Never just words. It puts children's mental health at risk."On Instagram, the star shared what the day meant to her:"today was beautiful. i was so grateful to have the opportunity to walk in the footsteps of my idol, Audrey Hepburn. she addressed world leaders as they adopted the UN convention on the Rights of the Child. today was a dream because i joined @unicef to mark the 30th anniversary of the Convention and remind everyone *specifically world leaders* that children's rights matter. today is #WorldChildrensDay and I am v proud to join young people all across the world to ask world leaders to stand WITH us. listen. and make change. protect us and our beautiful planet! there's more work to do. much more."Follow Kelsey on Instagram! 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Free the boobs!Let's get one thing straight: boobs are boobs. They can be round or flat, plump or small, pointy or saggy, wide-set or forward-facing. And did you know there are eight different types of nipples? That's right. EIGHT. And what's crazy is that the world expects all our boobs to be the same, to fit into some "perfect" mold — which usually includes a form-fitting bra. (Seriously, is there anything really wrong with going commando?) So whether your breasts look impossibly symmetrical, 100% non-symmetrical, or kind of saggy, they are YOURS and that makes them perfect.  The amazing, Jennifer Lawrence once said: "I never leave my house. Then I don't have to put a bra on and I don't have to change my pants." That really spoke to me.It's time to change the perception that women can't rock a braless outfit. Because we so can. And personally, I prefer a braless moment any day. There's something about not wearing a bra, whether home alone or out in public, that's just so freeing. That's why we've rounded up a group of bold and beautiful (and braless) women who prefer to go au naturale. Set them free, y'all! This girl who is looking breezy and beautiful. A post shared by Julia.A.Briand (@julia.a.otieno) on Aug 18, 2019 at 10:43am PDTThis girl who's braless and proud!! A fucking good time never hurt nobody. #unforgettable #jeans #croptop #nobra #braless #inkedgirls #pierced #glassesgirl #jewelry #curlyhair #fuckoff #freewomanA post shared by  Frederique Imbeault (@fredimbeault) on Oct 25, 2019 at 7:14am PDTThis girl who's allergic to basic and a bra. I always hated bras. I only wore them when I was a teenager because I was trying to trick people into thinking I have bigger boobs.  Not wearing a bra doesn’t mean “I’m asking for it” and it certainly doesn’t give you the right to behave in an inappropriate way.  Why should we be ashamed of our nipples when you aren’t ashamed of sexualising everything that moves? Me not wearing a bra has nothing to do with you.  Don’t be ashamed and don’t let this patriarchal society we live in dictate how you express yourself. Big boobs, small boobs, no boobs, saggy boobs, asymmetric boobs they are a part of you that has been caged for hundreds of years. You don’t HAVE TO wear a bra. It’s a choice.  It’s  inappropriate to go braless because it looks too sexy, or it’s not the right kind of sexy, and either way it sends a message. The message is “I don’t care about your  standards, I cannot be contained”. And that is dangerous! Women being in charge of their bodies, that’s truly dangerous! •WE ARE COMING• . . . #freethenipple #freethenipplemovement #braless #nobranoproblem #feminism #loveyourbody #nobraclub #nobra_noproblem #whiteshirt @lila_oh_lilaA post shared by  Diana Alexandra (@dianapocol_) on Sep 25, 2019 at 9:41am PDTThis girl who knows how to rock a mini dress without a bra.A post shared by Julia.A.Briand (@julia.a.otieno) on Sep 1, 2019 at 9:06am PDTThis girl who skipped a bra and a shirt – and looked so chic.A post shared by Flooraa.K (@flooraa.k) on Nov 6, 2019 at 11:30pm PSTThis girl who knows that doing work braless is better.A post shared by selfcare is healthcare (@jasminty__) on Oct 23, 2019 at 9:51am PDTThis girl who is bra free and insta ready.A post shared by Phoebe Joy Lim (@nerdological) on Sep 16, 2019 at 7:34pm PDTThis girl who's OOTD doesn't include a bra.  ✴️ whooa.. amber is the color of your energy. 💫  _ want to talk more about self care? i'm your huckleberry. ✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨ ✨🌼 🧡The way you speak to yourself really really does matter, so be kind & #loveyaself  Your body can hear everything your mind says & she will sure as shit let you know when she doesn't like the way she's being spoken to.  Honor your bodies signs when she needs a little extra kindness & never ever forget that we're all just here trying our very best underneath the same big sky. 🧡🌕 #lovewillseeusthrough . . . . 🌈 🌼This tee is another classic fav from @dazey_la. They put the extra kindness into their clothing & they recently released lots of new goodies that I cannot resist. If you see anything from them that you cannot live without, use my code DAZEYIFYOUDO to save yourself a little money, honey. 🌼🍯. . 📸 🧙‍♂️:: @shelbyborerandphotographyA post shared by  sara brinson 🌙 (@sarabrinsonnn) on Mar 7, 2019 at 8:18am PSTThis girl who knows that ~braless is flawless~.A post shared by Maeve (@vegandthecity) on Mar 11, 2019 at 1:56pm PDTThis girl who is rocking the braless mirror selfie.  Hit them angles my angels 👼🏼A post shared by  Rachael (@bralessnflawless) on Mar 8, 2019 at 10:17pm PSTThe girl who knows the real reason why we wear slouchy sweaters. A post shared by charley smyth (@charleysmyth) on Mar 6, 2019 at 5:16am PSTThis girl who knows the best days are #nobradays #Home☀ #NoBraDay #BraForWhat? #Filter ✨ Small cups stay winning 😍💦🔥.Happy friday y'all ❤A post shared by  Nontlantla Sandie (@theblaqsandie) on Feb 9, 2018 at 6:30am PSTThis girl who has nothing to hide. Summer days #girls #nobradayA post shared by  Classy Issues (@itsclassyissues) on Feb 9, 2018 at 12:11pm PSTThis girl who won't stand to be anything but awesome. -NEW POST- on my #blog www.cottonandwild.com (or direct link in my bio) . . . . . #fashion #fashionblogger #blogger #love #cottonandwild #look #mood #ootd #paris #food #beauty #instafit #instastyle #style #stylish #picoftheday #cute #beauty #beautiful #makeup #blond #asosA post shared by  Aurore (@cottonandwild) on May 30, 2017 at 8:53am PDTThis girl who's feeling her look.This girl who is feeling flirty and fabulous sans bra. A post shared by Bryony Heap (@br_yony) on Mar 5, 2019 at 10:16am PSTThis girl who is going braless for the health benefits.  Just a picture of me in dance clothes & here's why: Bras are linked to some things you might not like... Going braless promotes: -Reduced risk of breast cancer -Tone & breast tissue -Elasticity & collagen -Reduced back pain -Better circulation  Don't let society's "beauty standards" define your health standards. I tagged some people to spread the word! #normalizethenipple  #healthforallwomen #women #spreadtheword #feminist #feminism #equality #science #gobraless #braless #freethenipple #health #beauty  #wellness #nofilter #fit #fitness #ginger #redhead #selfie #fucktheman #mke #uwm #wi #wisconsin #milwaukee #breastcancerawarenessA post shared by  Grace Yeager (@graceyeager17) on Nov 30, 2016 at 3:11pm PSTThis girl who know pasta > bras. This girl who travels bra free. A post shared by Tina Talebi (@tinatalebi) on Oct 21, 2019 at 9:11am PDTThis girl who knows that brunch is bra optional.  If you're not braless and brunching with your girlfriends for nightshift recovery, you're missing out. 💁 . #brunch #braless #bralessandflawless #gobraless #nightshift #nursing #emergency #emergencydepartment #girlfriends #birthday #avocado #smashedavo #eggs #balance #healthy #socialA post shared by  Caiti Halloran (@caitibalance_ig) on Dec 29, 2018 at 4:50pm PST		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			To summarize: layer, layer, and layer. As soon as the temperature falls, I myself fall into a fashion rut: jeans, sweater, coat, boots, repeat. All my beloved dresses are pushed to the shadowy depths of my closet, not to be touched until the weather is safely back in the 60 degree range. If you're reading this and thinking "I feel that," you might want to bookmark this page for later. I've rounded up all the best styling tricks that will help make even your most lightweight sundress feel 100% winter appropriate. Minis, maxis, slip dresses, and more – don’t fret, I've got that style inspo for you. Scroll through for some of the fiercest ways to wear a dress in winter, just in time for the cold weather drop. So get inspired, get shopping, and stay warm.The combination of normcore and femme is just – *chef kiss*. Opaque tights and winter boots will keep the vibe going. Layer a chic bowed blouse and knit cardi over a tweed dress for extra warmth and style. Complete the look with knee-high boots to balance out a super-short hemline.Cool-girl accessories, like lucite earrings and a neon beanie, will make a simple maxi feel so high fashion. This Ariana Grande-approved puffer coat is as soft as a sleeping bag, but somehow looks blogger-chic. Keep your look monochromatic, by layering it over a matching olive dress. Although this dress feels summer-y, you can winterize it in seconds by adding sheer black tights and a pair of slouchy boots. All you need is a cozy shearling jacket for a little added warmth. Chunky sweater dresses are the perfect base to start off a stylish (and warm) winter outfit. Add opaque black tights and a classic plaid topcoat to finish. A cream teddy coat is the perfect way to transform any dress in your closet. Try styling it with a matching cream bootie – they're just as versatile as black, but look so much more unique. A metallic star-spangled midi is just as festive as an ugly holiday sweater, but so much more chic. Add matching tights that are out of this world. Want to make your dress look extra lux? Style a cropped velvet puffer over your favorite gingham dress from last summer. Add western boots to bring the look into the winter season.Going out? This silver babydoll dress is so cool styled with a mesh underpinning. Just add crystal statement earrings and your favorite combat boots for a little punk rock touch. A simple gray dress can easily feel boring. Just combine with a thick flannel, statement socks, and tough-girl booties to make it feel like a full look. Slip into your favorite sporty fleece to make any dress look brand new. The combo is unexpectedly cool – especially when paired with lug-sole sneakers. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You're welcome, boobs.Our relationship with bras has changed so much over the years. Back in your training bra days, you were too embarrassed to leave the house with your bra straps showing and now bralettes have basically become crop tops. With so many bra brands out there, where do you even start? So many fabrics (lace, cotton, mesh), silhouettes (balconette, bralette, push-up), and now, technology has found its way into the bra industry too. No matter if you're looking for an everyday bra, a minimizer, or one that can take on a five-mile run, you can start here. The results are in: below are the best bra brands that customers and editors of all cup sizes can't get enough of. ThirdLove caters to all body types and that is the reason people are so loyal to this brand. They have a Fit Finder and within 60 seconds can recommend your ideal bra. And did I mention they do half sizes too? Shop their site for comfy bras in A all the way up to an I cup. Aerie is a brand that believes in power, positivity, and absolutely no retouching. Shop super comfy everyday bras and bralettes up to a DDD cup at Aerie. As the sister company to plus size clothing brand Layne Bryant, Cacique Intimates is a favorite of people with large busts. With a size range from an A cup to H, you're guaranteed to find exactly what you need.I own this bra and trust me, it's super delicate and soft. Skarlett Blue has everything from your daily-use essentials to lacey pieces you buy when you just want to treat yoself. Curvy Couture is a go-to for bra experts, because you're guaranteed a quality fit. This 4.2-star bra in particular, has soft cups that really hold the girls in place.Love Stories has bralettes and briefs in all different shapes and patterns. Ruffles, sequins, and lace all included.TellTale uses only the best fabrics, so all their pieces are cute, yet comfortable. Thanks to a flawless fit, you'll get all the support you need – which is exactly what a bra should do.Victoria Secret has been around for ages and over the years, the brand has come out with tons of great silhouettes. The brand is known for their comfortable wear and really great sales. From a longtime Soma-wearer, I can honestly say that I have never felt anything so soft and comfortable. The bra company is an essential to any intimates drawer, because they know how to cater to every size. Shop bras all the way up to a 44G. Journelle is a go-to for any bra you are looking for. They carry multiple brands and have not only intimates, but loungewear and accessories as well. Wirth super sexy fabrics like lace and mesh covering the most comfortable silhouettes, Blush is one brand to watch. They think that everyone deserves high-quality undergarments at affordable prices. Wire-free and STILL supportive? Yes, please! Wacoal is an expert-favorite brand, specifically designed to cater to people with big busts. Honestly, their high customer ratings speak for themselves. You can never go wrong when it comes to On Gossamer. Take a chance on this company and you'll always get a bra that fits great AND for an affordable price. True & Co. brings comfort and structure all in their brasiers. They've got great wireless bras that you can lounge in, while still giving the uplift you need. Eberjey creates pieces so cute, you'll probably end up wearing them as a crop top come summer time. This bra brand not only does intimates, but also swim, accessories, and loungewear. If you're looking for soft lace and flexible structures, Araks is your go-to. They make the comfiest pieces in every color you can think of. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's all I see now.If I have taken away one lesson from binge watching Stranger Things 3 twice within the span of one week, it's that vaginas make fantastic accessories. Mrs. Wheeler wore one proudly around her neck and now, pop star Camila Cabello is getting in on the feminist trend. The pop star stunned last week on the red carpet, celebrating her recent Time 100 Next cover. Just like ST, she brought allll the '80s vibes with her, wearing a puff sleeve blazer dress and retro fishnet tights. If this look is giving you deja vu, I think I can help place it: standing in your bathroom, looking up at yourself from below with a compact mirror? Yep, she's wearing two massive vaginas.Those ruffled satin bunches look like beautiful, fluttering labias. Really, all Camila needs to complete the vag-inspired look is a tiny pearl sewed onto the crest of her fuschia folds.  Anyway, now you'll never be able to get this out of your brain. Have a nice day! Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I need this jacket. We've learned from all those Stranger Things premiers that Millie Bobby Brown knows out to pull off a look on the red carpet. But her days off of work are really the ones to watch. She has proven time and again that her perfectly casual lazy day outfits are really where her style shines. Example one: her epic styling of Justin Bieber's clothing collection. Example two: the adorable cloud print sherpa jacket she wore on Instagram last night. The actress took to Stories to share the news of her new Converse collab. If you want more info on that, click here, because I want to talk about that jacket and that jacket ONLY. The cloud print, the fluffy fleece outer, the cute little pockets – it's like the plus, sleeping bag jacket of my dreams. Even on a baller budget, Millie apparently still shops at all the same stores you do, because the $99 jacket is a style from Urban Outfitters. Unfortunately, though, the Cloud Nine Sherpa Popover Jacket is sold out online, but you can still shop her sneakers. Just sayin'. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Winter break is coming up, y'all.  Swimwear might be the last thing on your mind when it's like, negative four degrees outside, but there are plenty of winter activities that will require you to slip into a swimsuit. With winter break ahead, think: hot tubs, saunas, tropical destinations, hot springs, and spa days. If you plan on doing any of the above, you're gonna need a cute suit. And if you're don't have any bikini-required activities in your future, shopping for swim during those killer holiday deals is still a good idea. When the warm temps come back, you'll be fully stocked. What are you waiting for? Scroll ahead for the the best places to shop for bikinis and one-pieces, even in the winter.Who knew Lululemon carried swimwear? The yoga pants powerhouse has minimalistic and timeless styles that fit flawlessly. Whether you're dressing for swim team or need a classic suit you can wear over and over, they're a one-stop shop for all things sporty.Anthropologie is known to curate artsy pieces in super sweet prints and their swimwear collection is proof. So do yourself a favor this winter and opt for cheery styles like this high-waisted smocked tankini that I may or may not just wear as a crop top.With great sales and the all-around cutest – yet modestly priced – inventory, Lulus is a one-stop shop for all your winter needs (and spring and summer and fall). With all the chic styles they stock, it'll be hard for you to shop only in their swimwear section. Swimsuits For All designs smokin' hot suits for women of all shapes. The brand carries sizes 4 to 40 (!!!) and also creates suits that address individual fit issues. Supermodel Ashley Graham has even designed for the brand. Her line features sexy detailing like cut-outs, plunge necklines, and mesh inserts.OG fashion blogger, Danielle Bernstein, has an entire collection of swimwear so cute, you'll be working it into your regular outfit rotation. This buckled western top is just one of many to-die-for styles in that you'll want to rock this winter (and well into summer).  Cupshe is your budget-friendly destination for all things swim. With everything priced under $50 (including plus size styles), this brad is perfect to shop yearlong.When prepping for vacation, be sure to check out Revolve: the ultimate shopping destination for influencers. With an array of the most Instagrammable suits, accessories, shoes, and clothing, you can shop for your whole trip without ever leaving the website. Nordstrom carries a range of affordable to luxe swimwear perfect for every budget – and they do it all year long. From brands like Topshop to Versace, there's a suit for everybody, no matter what your budget.Take advantage of your (or *ahem* your mom's) Amazon Prime membership and order a swimsuit any time of the year with 2-day shipping. Got a last minute trip to Mexico over winter break? Amazon Prime is here for you. They've got the $$$ brands all the way down to $10 steals. Founded in 2016 by then 16-year-old, Gigi Caruso and her mother, the brand offers beautiful, yet functional pieces for active lovers of watersports. This surf suit is ideal for enjoying water activities during winter months and can double as a super chic bodysuit. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Here's how to get in on the PVC trend.Want to look like a fashion influencer?! The secret's in a quality bag: one that looks good with every outfit you wear and photographs well next to an Instagram-perfect brunch spread. Lucite bags check both boxes.See-through PVC handbags are a great way to amp your style the eff up. These bags are perfect for sporting events, concerts, or just to get in on this cool-girl trend. Since stadiums require clear bags for security, you'll need a cute option for your next show (Billie Eilish is going on tour soon, just sayin'). Ahead, shop cute clear bags that work for any occasion.  Along with the PVC trend, snakeskin is so in for the cold weather. This circular mini touches on both. Even with the clear frame, this bad is 0% boring. The knotted handles add such an artsy detail. The gold handles and tiger stripes are the ultimate chic additions to a trendy clear bag.This bag is perfect for a trip to the grocery store and beyond. This chic tote can honestly go with any look.The iridescent detailing makes this mini bucket bag feel so Zenon: Girl of the 21st Century.This clear beaded bag is adorable. The hanging gems add just the right amount of sparkle. Carry this fan tote bag to your next sporting event. It's big enough to fit all the essentials.  Let's be real, I am not tidy enough to carry a see-through bag. This version comes with a removable drawstring bag – problem solved!Add a touch of color to the PVC trend with this cute pink pouch and matching handle. Important keepsakes go in the pouch for a bit more privacy. This see-through fanny pack is perfect for your next big concert. Style it with an oversized sweatshirt for a cool streetwear look.  Between the modern square frame and futuristic clear material, this bag is straight out of the year 3000.If you're into a classic stripe, this is the bag for you. It's quite possibly the chicest tote bag in existence. See-through and a bold bright color? Get you a bag that does both. Mark my words, this structured crossbody will be Instagram's next it-bag.Your typical school backpack, but make it fashion.  		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Click for footage of Billie covered in adorable toddlers. If there's one thing that gives me hope for the future, it's knowing that an entire generation will grow up listening to Billie Eilish – and dressing like her too. Because as of today, the singer has just launched an entire collection of children's clothing, enabling another generation of Billies to dress according to their own rules.Billie announced the news on Sunday with a video so cute, it puts every puppy clip in existance to shame. In the vid, a herd of little Billies climb all over grown up Billie. It's basically a neon pile of tiny little baggy-clothed minions.  “BILLIE EILISH KIDS” LINE COMING TOMORROW 12PM PT 🦖🦖@BLOHSHA post shared by  BILLIE EILISH (@billieeilish) on Nov 17, 2019 at 9:50am PST'"BILLIE EILISH KIDS" ON SALE TOMORROW AT 12PM PT,' the pop star captioned the post. The collection – which looks like it'll include Billie's uniform of T-shirts, hoodies, beanies, oversized shorts –  is set to launch later today. You can shop the full line at 4 pm ET on the Blohsh website. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Total power move. While in the studio recording her new album, Selena Gomez needed a little inspiration from one of the most talented musicians of our generation: herself. Yep, the pop star posted a photo live from the recording booth wearing a pair of tie-dye joggers and a matching slime T-shirt with her OWN face on it. Total power move. She captioned the pic "Well.. Still here."Now, before you go running off to her website to scroll through the merch section, let me save you some time: it's not there. The tee is emblazoned with the name of her newest single "Lose You to Love Me," which means it's probably unreleased merch for her upcoming album. The good news is that you can probably get one for yourself very soon. Selena herself hasn't yet announced when the new music will be coming (she's been working on it for four years), but fans are anticipating the drop to take place sometime in early 2020. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Grab them before they sell out!Sneakerheads and Stranger Things fans rejoice! Millie Bobby Brown recently announced that she is releasing another line with Converse, and it's out now!This is Millie's second collaboration with the brand following her first line of sneakers that was released over the summer. While those featured neutral tones and images marine life, her newest collection is an explosion of pinks, rainbows, and patchwork which represents Millie's "multifaceted personality," according to Converse.The collection also comes with patchwork featuring sayings like "Love" and "Be You." The patches attach to your shoes via the laces so you can take them on and off as you please!The best part? You won't have to wait at all to get your hands of these adorable shoes! The Millie By You collection drops today! So, what are you waiting for? Grab yourself a pair of these colorful sneaks before they sell out!Converse x Millie Bobby Brown Chuck 70, $90Buy them now!Converse x Millie Bobby Brown Chuck Taylor All Star, $75Buy them now!Converse x Millie Bobby Brown Chuck Taylor All Star, $70Buy them now! Follow Carolyn on Instagram. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Disney, if you wanted my money, all you had to do was ask. November is a really good month for die-hard Disney stans and, at the same time, a really bad month for their wallets. So far, we've got Disney's new streaming service launching on the 12th, multiple Frozen 2 collections prepping to launch, and now, Converse and KITH have teamed up for an epic collaboration starring the mouse himself. In honor of Mickey Mouse's 90th birthday, Converse has joined forces with KITH and Disney to redesign their All Star Chuck Taylor sneaker. The collection pays homage to the iconic Disney symbol with three chic designs that are almost guaranteed to sell out. There's the classic canvas option, which comes with contrasting black laces and pictures of Mickey's face. Next up, the all-leather version, that stars a parade of Mickey throughout the ages. It's a go-with-everything design that pays tribute to the history of Mickey. Finally – and most importantly, in my opinion – there's the sherpa iteration, which features red and black color blocking, a nod to Mickey's trademark look.  As of now, the full collection is available to shop in KITH stores and on the KITH website.  Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			 Bookmark this ASAP.Chill plans can be the most stressful to dress for, because the word "casual" can literally mean anything. Casual dressy? Casual, like sweatpants? And even with the "you dressing cute?" text to your best friend, there's always the chance everyone else got the sweatpants memo and you didn't – or even worse, you wear sweats only to have the rest of your squad roll up in going out clothes. To solve the how-chill-is-too-chill problem, I've pulled together some totally wearable Casual Outfits™ from your favorite celebs – you know, their non-red carpet looks. These laid-back ideas are appropriate for anything you've got saved to your calendar. Take note: this '90s styling trick is the secret to toning down a look while leveling-up the style. Just add an open button-up to your favorite pants and tank.What you'll need: Blomfield Floral Shirt, $50, O'NeillSHOP NOWFiling this photo away under "Proof That Sweats Are Perfect For Every Occasion." Pair a sweatshirt with a mini skirt and booties (plus, LOTS of pearls) for a Camila Cabello-approved pair-up.What you'll need: Keep Up the Fight Graphic Sweatshirt, $55, ModClothSHOP NOWIf a T-shirt and jeans feels just a little more casual than what you're going for, swap out your blues for basically anything leather. Add playful accessories (I mean, those SHOES!) for stellar style.  What you'll need: Bia Pu Mini Skirt, $59, French ConnectionSHOP NOWAlright, I'll admit, this look is a bit more dressy than casual. But swap out the pumps for a pair of sneakers and the cami for a graphic tee for the perfect casual-cute 'fit.What you'll need: Relaxed DB Blazer, $32, Nasty GalSHOP NOWElevate your lazy-day look with statement sunglasses and lots – I mean, lots – of eye-catching gold chains. What you'll need: Authentic Fairfax Track Pants, $100, KappaSHOP NOWPatent leather pants aren't exactly the definition of chill, but with a beanie and sneakers, Kylie succeeded in toning them down several notches. What you'll need: Faux Patent Leather Leggings, $98, ShopbopSHOP HEREChannel your favorite Instagram stars in a bucket hat and an oversized T-shirt. Mom jeans and chunky sneakers round out your Cozy Girl look. What you'll need: Triple Black Suede Sneakers, $129, CariumaSHOP HEREOh, so you meant CASUAL casual. This Shay Mitchell original is perfect for any day party, picnic, night out, bonfire you've got on your list. Balance out your slouchy T-shirt and windbreaker with a glam crimson lip and glitzy earrings. What you'll need: Tall Black Combat Boots, $170, Dr. MartensSHOP HEREMrs. Bieber owns the chill fit game. Her moto boot/party dress/oversized shirt combo is perfectly laid-back. What you'll need: Love Crush Floral Mini Dress, $168, Bec & BridgeSHOP HERECargo pants and sneakers are a 2019 match made in heaven. Kendall wore hers with a sunny turtleneck for a little extra cold weather coverage. What you'll need: Sabine Denim Cargo Pants, $34, AdikaSHOP HEREMy last-minute outfit secret: throw on all your favorite pieces and go. Pair up your comfiest turtleneck with your favorite jeans and top with the oversized cardigan you live in on the weekends. Done!  What you'll need: Knitted Braided Cardigan, $80, MangoSHOP HEREStop what you're doing! If you don't already own a blush jacket, click out of this article and buy one ASAP, because with this chic topper, you'll never be underdressed. Pair it up with medium-wash denim and shades of gold to take your fit a little more on the dressy side. What you'll need: Soft Bomber Jacket, $86, Banana RepublicSHOP HEREGigi pulls together graphic tee and jeans with a structured blazer and a bright mini bag. This is an outfit built for dinner dates, shopping trips, and beyond. What you'll need: Denim Blazer, $70, ZaraSHOP HERE		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			And while hanging out with Mariah Carey, nbd.  The holiday season hasn't even officially started and I've already written Santa *several* strongly-worded letters requesting Louis Vuitton's Multi-Pochette Accessoires bag for Christmas. Every season, Instagram gets overtaken with an it-bag and fall 2019's was the $1,640 Multi-Pochette. Celebs like Hailey Baldwin and Rihanna have all been spotted wearing the viral design, as well as big-time fashion bloggers like Danielle Bernstein, Caroline Daur, and Brittany Xavier.  @louisvuitton show at the Louvre shot by @jeffthibodeauco #LVSS2020A post shared by  Brittany Xavier (@brittanyxavier) on Oct 2, 2019 at 1:10pm PDT 🌞A post shared by  Caroline Daur (@carodaur) on Sep 16, 2019 at 8:24am PDTEarlier this week, actress Millie Bobby Brown sported the trending accessory and made it look 100% Millie. Earlier this week, MBB met with musical icon and the voice behind your entire holiday soundtrack, Mariah Carey. Millie shared a photo on Instagram posing with Mariah, her twins, Moroccan and Monroe, and, yes, the LV Multi-Pochette bag. loved meeting these beautiful people!! love u guys ♡♡♡ M&M&M&M 😍A post shared by  mills 🌠 (@milliebobbybrown) on Nov 14, 2019 at 11:01am PSTMillie made the crossbody look super laid-back, styling it with a striped sweater, undone pony, and minimal makeup. Yep, Eleven would be proud. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Simple, classic, chic.From bright bikinis to retro two-piece swimsuits, your favorite celebs know how to make a major style statement any time they hit the pool. And they've got the Instagrams to prove it! Here are all the best, sexiest, chicest celebrity bikini pics that will make you want to book a beach vacay ASAP.  Kylie Jenner has revived her new signature pose, the boob grab (swipe to see) in her stunning new bikini pics. The billionaire shared a few snapshots from vacation, flaunting an artsy monokini and butt-length tresses. Mrs. Bieber showed off her sparkly new wedding band – and, oh yeah, also the slime green bikini of your dreams. Unlike her $ ring, you can totally afford to buy her two-piece for yourself. Both the lace-up bottom and underwire top are available via swimwear brand OOKIOH for $49 each. The family famous for Photoshop fails just got really real on Instagram. Kourtney K posed in a black one-piece swimsuit showing off a booty full of beautiful, rippling stretch marks. It's official: Kourtney is now the most interesting to look at. Just off her bikini-packed Kylie Skin vacation, Kylie is on yet another lavish trip and is steady serving us allll the swim looks. She's flaunting major abs in a tropical Dior bikini. If that wasn't extra enough, the backdrop is a casual $150 million yacht.Another day, another thirst trap. At first glance, Kylie looks to be wearing the viral hairy stomach swimsuit. In reality, she's sporting a very expensive piece of haute couture by designer Jean Paul Gaultier, printed with the shape of a woman – boobs and all. I can't even form words to comment on this, because my jaw is on the floor! Nikita flaunted every 👏 single 👏 curve 👏 in this teeny, tiny gold monokini while on vacation in Miami.Kylie's currently on a lavish vacation celebrating her new Kylie Skin launch and the thirst traps just keep rolling in. She flooded feeds with a full saga of boat deck pictures, wearing this vintage Chanel bikini that retails for $1,690. Your typical string bikini is getting an ultra trendy upgrade, courtesy of Sofia Richie. She just released her own collection of tie-dyed bikinis in collaboration with swimwear brand Frankies. You can shop this top for $85 and the bottoms for $85.Check out the entire collection here. Yes. GIRL. Selena is back and fully prepared for #hotgirlsummer. She emerged from the water like a mermaid in a crimson one-piece from her bff's swimsuit brand Krahs. Just like Selena's designs for the brand, this onesie is perfect for concealing medical scars or, you know, just slaying in general. In today's episode of "Kardashian Family Thirst Traps," we're taking a closer look at Kylie Jenner. She 'grammed a smokeshow of a throwback, wearing Onia's bandana print bikini that is somehow still available online. It's also worth noting that ex-bff Jordyn Woods is conspicuously absent from this pic, even though she went on this vacation with Kylie.Interesting...SHOP KYLIE'S BIKINI HEREMiley took the thong bikini trend one step further – as Miley does – with a smokin' hot Chanel-logo g-string. Your fave could NEVER.Kendall captioned this belfie "Sunday's for the girls," but what she really meant was "Sunday's for the girls' butt cheeks," cause she's really flaunting them in this leopard bikini. In honor of her bestie's upcoming nuptials, Selena and her friends all sported white swimsuits for a beach bachelorette bash. Selena opted for a high-rise textured bikini that puts the bootay on display. Into this look? Shop her exact swimsuit here.First Kylie's in cowhide, now Hailey's rocking a teeny neon snakeskin bikini from Triangl Swimwear. Lesson learned: you can't go to the beach without a suitcase full of animal print. Throw out all your leopard and snakeskin, because faux cowhide is hereby the official animal print of the season. Kylie wore this spotted one-piece while on vacay for Stormi's first birthday and as a direct result, the suit made $60k in sales in an hour. The suit is from fashion blogger Danielle Bernstein's collaboration with Onia Swimwear. Shop it here. After splitting up with boyfriend and model Younes Bendjima, Kourt has been living her best life. After SLAYING in a mini dress at Kylie's 21st birthday bash, Kourt decided to hit up the pool is this sexy, strappy, sporty bikini. I'm sure Younes is having some legit regrets right about now.While Kylie initially kept it pretty modest during her Miami trip, rocking a spandex onesie on a yacht in the hot sun, she later stripped down to this super sexy bikini. This pic is so hot, we're sure Travis Scott regrets not accompanying Kylie on the trip. Supermodel Gigi Hadid wore a cropped white tee UNDER her bikini and I just have so many questions: Is this a thing now? Did she swim like that? How does she still look cute? Mysteries that will probably never be answered. Z took her puppy Noon for his first ever dip in the pool, wearing a sunny one-shoulder bikini (Zendaya, not the dog). She captioned the photo: "Anyone who knows Noon knows he does not f*ck with the pool (so proud mom moment) he got to the first step all on his own."Alert the fire department, because Demi is a freaking smoke show! She posed in a boobalitious one-piece looking hot af. For boyfriend Travis Scott's birthday, Kylie Jenner first rented out an amusement park to party it up with friends and family, and then she and Travis escaped on a yacht to chill. Kylie rocked a John Galliano for Christian Dior one-piece swimsuit with skinny straps and high-cut sides. So glam.This bold strappy set might look like your every day super cute bikini, but the meaning behind it is actually really sweet. The $60 suit is from her sister Kylie's merch line. Awww.This Fifth Harmony superstar is racking up likes with this chic two-piece. Queen of the little black suit strikes again! This LBS is ultra flattering with major cut-outs and a modern square neckline. She wore a sporty snap-up bikini top while hanging out poolside. While hanging in Cannes, Kenny shelled her red carpet jorts and rocked what might be the girliest, pinkest thing she's ever worn (that girl loves neutrals). This simple black one-piece is basically the little black dress of the swimsuit world. So chic. The Olympic gymnasts are beach squad goals after the Olympics in their cute bikinis!It's no surprise that Kendall is absolutely killing it in this strappy bikini.  Ariel turns her back to the haters in this adorable bikini. Hailey throws us for a loop with this bathing suit bearing a surprising (and false) message. Gigi matches the rest of the #squad at Taylor Swift's unforgettable July 4th party. Vanessa gives us some real #vacationgoals while rocking this lace-up one-piece in Postiano, Italy. Emma enjoys the sun in a bikini that is perfectly pink and Seventeen approved.Demi looks beautiful hanging out by the pool in a teal bikini with bright orange accents. Kylie's making a major case for the nude bikini in this adorable beige two piece. So chic. A black one-piece bathing suit is always in style! Vanessa looks gorge enjoying a waterfall on vacation. Hailey knows that one-pieces are back and better than ever. This simple red style is super chic with her matching red shoes. Lea Michele just posted the hottest summer Instagram of the year, equipped with palm trees, a turquoise pool, beach hair, badass shades, and a bold, bright bikini. She officially wins summer. Hailey looks totally stunning in this geometric suit, proving that white bikinis are anything but boring. Her layered necklaces are the coolest way to accessorize on beach day. Totally copying this look!When it comes to swimwear, it's all in the details! The ribbing on Kylie's bikini gives it a cool texture and the mustard shade is totally unexpected for summer. Love it!For her big sis's b-day, Bella rocked a sporty one-piece with Gigi's name on it. The pic was captioned "#1 fan." Awww!Vanessa looks super adorbs soaking up the sun in her aqua blue ruffle Aerie bikini. Ariel looks adorable in a bright white bikini on the beach with her TV brother Nolan Gould. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Millie Bobby Brown just wore the brand too.  Remember when Millie Bobby Brown spent an entire weekend wearing nothing but Drew House, the streetwear clothing collection designed by (and named after) Justin Bieber? Well, JB's line is now making its way all the way through your feed and seemingly every celeb is wearing it. Just after posting her adorable (shirtless!) photo of her new man Austin Wilson, Demi Lovato took to Instagram Stories, showing off her own smiley face merch. She posted a mirror selfie wearing one of Justin's iconic hoodies, splashed with the Drew logo. As y'all know, there's no question of who wore it better – the girls both killed it. Unfortunately, though, both of their looks are totally sold out. If you want to snag a JB original for yourself, you can shop on the Drew House website. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She looks SO good. Camila Cabello has officially announced her new album Romance and it seems to be entirely about her relationship with boyfriend Shawn Mendes. Since the couple spends 98% of their day making out in public places (basketball games! swimming pools! Instagram videos!), you just know these songs are gonna be steamy as hell. Of course, with a lineup of songs that hot, Camila needed an ultra sexy album cover to match – and she blew it out of the water.  The pop star has been blowing up Instagram feeds with pictures of the new cover and believe me: there aren't enough fire emojis in this world to convey just how good she looks. In the photo, Camila wears a massive crimson skirt with an ultra sexy leather bra to match. Oh, yeah, and some major cleavage. (Get it, girl!)Along with this stunning – and I mean STUNNING – ensemble, Camila positively gushed about how falling in love with Shawn influenced her songwriting. "I just wanted this album to sound like what falling in love feels like, pretty impossible thing to do but I can say I gave it all I had. I’ve never lived as much life as I did writing this album," Camila wrote on Instagram. "It was messy, and beautiful, unforgettable and at times so painful I wish I could forget, it was excruciatingly consuming and impossible not to get lost in, it was mine... and now it’s yours. ♥️ I hope you love it as much as I’ve loved living it."Romance (an appropriate name, I must say) hit shelves on Dec. 6, but fans can pre order this Friday, Nov. 15. Fans who order on Friday will also get a sneak peak at a new song, called "Living Proof." Did I mention she's going on tour too? "OH MY GOD AND A TOUR!!!!! North America, verified fan sign ups for #TheRomanceTour are happening right now!! It’s gonna be magic, I can’t wait 😭 More dates to come ♥️," Camila wrote. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Make your designer dreams come true.Have you ever watched an episode of Gossip Girl after a day of advising friends on what they should wear to prom and thought: Maybe I should be a fashion designer?Getting into fashion sure does seem fun. There's the storyboarding and the fabric shopping and then, after months of hard work, you finally get to see your creative vision come to life. It's exciting to think that you could have an idea for a cool shirt or dress, and then just create it. I mean, it's kind of a dream for someone to say, "Cute skirt — where did you get it?" And then you get to reply with, "I made it!"If you've pondered becoming a designer or stylist before even stepping foot into your first college class, you're not alone. Despina Kotsis, 19,  made her dream of becoming a designer a reality at the age of 9 when she started to sketch her own clothes. Since then, the college sophomore has launched her clothing brand Minx. When she's not working towards her degree in education at St. John's University in New York, she's arranging photoshoots for her new looks. And she's learned a lot along the way, from the best way to sketch out her designs on her phone to how to get your ideas made into IRL clothes that you can wear and share with the world.If you want to get into fashion but you don't know where to start, here's Kotsis's advice to young designers looking to make a move...  17: What app do you use to sketch out your designs? Despina Kotsis: I do all my sketches on the Sketch.IO app. Once I get an idea for a design, I quickly start to sketch it so I don’t forget. I’ve had ideas come to me even while I'm in class, so I would just start sketching it out on my laptop. An idea for a design can come at the weirdest times, so even if I don’t have my laptop or iPad in front of me to start sketching, I need to write it down so I don’t forget.17: What’s the first step in getting your sketches made into actual clothing?DK: When I'm done with the design, then I figure out the options of clothing I want to get it printed on and what colors I want to use.  I get my clothes made with a distributer in Brooklyn because everyone does screen printing today and it's very hard to find someone who doesn’t. Screen printing is limiting when it comes to color options, which is not what I want because I love to use a lot of color in my work. I do vinyl printing for my designs, which allows me to give it all those colors!  17: Who is your fashion inspiration?DK: Billie Eilish, Lady Gaga, and Sia really inspire me. They like to express themselves, and they don’t care what other people are going to say about what they're wearing. I really admire that as a designer because, if you want to be successful, you've got to be unique and that is what all these fashion icons have in common.17: What was your first ever design? DK: My first shirt design was my “Pigeon Couture” top. I chose the pigeon to be the symbol for Minx NewYork because, in my home state of New York, we see pigeons everywhere. I want people to realize that we all have the power to spread our wings and make an impact in this world. I wanted this line to not only be fashionable, but to have a positive message behind it and to inspire others.17: What advice would you give to someone who wants to start designing their own clothes?DK: I would tell them to have confidence and ignore any negative words people might say because people are always going to judge you no matter what. You are the artist, and that means you can express the way you want your design to come to life. Also, try to create a fashion line that really stands out!17: Is there anyone who helps you with your brand?DK: I run this whole company myself meaning I design, direct and edit videos, take pictures, and do the marketing, and it's a lot for a single person because I go to school, as well. But I have such a passion for this, and that makes me want to work even harder. Seeing somebody in a design you have created is one of the best feelings ever. 17: What does your new collection mean to you?DK: This 2020 collection was really special to me because I also wanted to incorporate some Greek influence into the designs — I got to visit Athens for the first time this year and it really impacted my life.17: How do you use social media to promote your line?DK: I love showcasing different models through my Instagram. I’ve been very lucky to have celebrities notice my work through social media such as Nia Vardalos, Jake T Austin, and Cody Saintgue. Social media is a way people around the world can connect with my brand.17: Any tips for how to sell merchandise online?DK: The main tool to sell merchandise online is marketing. You want to create visuals that stand out. That’s why I'm always creating videos and taking pictures of people laughing, dancing, and just being goofy in front of the camera. You don’t need thousands of dollars  to create an advertisement. People want to see the truth. Also, I use Shopify to sell my merchandise. 17: What's your goal when it comes to your collection?DK: I am hoping to one day open a store in New York. It would be awesome to see a Minx New York store in Greece, too. There aren’t many young designers out there in the industry, especially with streetwear. We have a lot of extremely talented kids in this world that need to get discovered. We have the power to make a change in this world.  		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"Shopping at thrift stores is a small way of working towards a sustainable lifestyle.” I’ve always loved clothes, but as a climate justice activist, I’m extra aware of how fast fashion — or clothes produced rapidly by mass-market retailers in response to the latest trends — is harming the environment. It’s a harsh reality, but many of our go-to clothing stores are contributing to the climate crisis in a big way. Luckily, we’ve got options...Thrifting, clothing swaps, and hand-me-downs are helping define our generation’s style by making us more creative in the ways we dress. I wear vintage clothes I find in the back of my mom’s closet (blazers over jeans is my go-to for school). I thrift with my babysitting money whenever I have the time, sometimes with friends, other times on my own. I love finding pieces that are one-of-a-kind, and genuinely feel like me. And I’m not alone.I met up with a few of my friends for a second-hand fashion photoshoot, and to talk about thrifting tips, clothing swaps, raiding our parents’ closets, and saving the world. Here's what they had to say...“When I go thrifting, I’m usually on the hunt for comfy old t-shirts, cheap jeans, and just strange, funky clothes that I can incorporate into my everyday life. My favorite find is a letterman jacket that I came across while thrifting with my friend Sam.Fast fashion is a waste of resources and most people feel entitled to purchase as they please without thinking of how it may affect anyone or anything else. Buying things that someone already owned totally helps. Why purchase something that was made by a child or shoved into machine and made out of plastic? Why support something like that?” —Soma Jackson, 17, NEST+ M High School“I acquire most of my pieces from clothing swaps. It's a great practice to reduce waste and to find clothes that range from the basics that everyone needs to more personalized, flashy items.I often find myself wearing my mother's old clothes. She was my size in her 20s, so I snatched up a couple of her tank tops. I also wear my abuela's clothes. One of my favorite pieces is a tube top that she gave me. I like shopping at secondhand stores because it never feels like I'm going out of my way to dress a certain way. It feels like a very natural selection process. I go out with very few expectations, so it allows me to keep an open mind when looking for clothes. I find myself buying things I wouldn't have bought 2 years ago. It feels like most pieces I get have their own individual energy attached. —Thalia M., 17, Laguardia High School“I always look through every shirt in the men’s section. Sometimes they have really great graphic tees or shirts with musicians or movies I like.I like to think that I’m helping the state of the environment when I thrift. When I really like something from a fast fashion brand, I have to remind myself what went into that shirt or pair of pants. Shopping at thrift stores or wearing hand-me-downs is a small way of working towards a sustainable lifestyle.” —Emma Linderman, 17, Stuyvesant High School“I’m super indecisive, so when I go to a thrift store I either have something super specific in mind or no idea at all about what I want to buy. But for when I do have an idea, I try to see if I can find a way to recreate or bring to life the outfit I am envisioning. I try to mix things up and give all my clothes a little love.” —Maya Delmont, 16, Institute for Collaborative Education “I usually go for the t-shirt section first in thrift stores: they’re usually at a decent price point and sometimes the shirts are super soft from wear and washes and I love that!I have definitely raided my mom’s closet, but she’s also given me a bunch of clothes she used to wear when she was young (and a baddie). They’re really cool clothes and it’s fun imagining my mom wearing them in her twenties. There are amazing pieces that I’d never be able to find in retail stores, and others that every fast fashion retailer is replicating at the speed of light. I’m trying to avoid buying anything from fast fashion places anymore. Thrifting is sort of the perfect solution: there’s a crazy variety of stuff out there." —Crystal Lin, 17, Stuyvesant High School“My favorite vintage shoes are this pair of lace-up Oxford-style shoes from the late 50s/60s and they are RAINBOW! They’re Italian leather and, by far, the best quality shoes I own. I’m planning on wearing them to prom.I bring friends to thrift with me and hopefully soon we will shift away from fast fashion brands and towards a more sustainable way of buying clothing. I also love going to vintage clothing stores with my mom because she always picks out the best stuff.” —Noa Greenstein, 17, Stuyvesant High School“When I go thrifting, I usually look for button-down shirts or Hawaiian shirts with eye-catching prints. I also love a good jacket or sweater.My favorite one-of-a-kind piece is this super soft jacket with baggy sleeves and some type of Paisley pattern. It’s just so... extra. I love turning people’s heads and being a maximalist. Thrift-shopping always takes longer than shopping at department stores. This is because everything is one-of-a-kind and not everything fits you. You really have to dig and hope you come across some pleasant surprises.” —Jiahe Wang, 16, Stuyvesant High School“For as long as I can remember my closet has mostly consisted of hand-me-downs from friends and family-thrifted clothes. This summer when I was in Sweden I got this oversized black vintage leather jacket that I’ve worn so much I feel like it is now an extension of my body.” —Isabella Palma, 17, Grace Church High School 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Could you be wearing any more clothes?  Raise your hand if your outfit has ever felt personally victimized by sub-zero winter temps. 🙋🙋🙋 Same girl, same. But your bulky parka doesn't have to ruin a perfectly grammable outfit. If you style it right, your winter coat will become your new favorite outfit addition – and not just because it keeps you warm. But how exactly do you wear the necessary winter layers so that they add to your ensemble, instead of taking away from it? Well, the secret is all in the rest of your look. Color coordination, balancing volume, and smart use of textures (think: leather, faux fur, and suede) are just some of the genius winter fashion tricks used by your favorite celebs to totally nail cold weather street style. Want to see for yourself? Click ahead for the coolest ways to wear cozy gear and still look mad cute.Keps it monochrome-chic in head-to-toe red, like Rita Ora. The matching crimson top coat, gloves, and patent leather beret will make you sizzle in even the coldest temps. [Insert fire emoji here.]What you'll need: Red Wool Blend Beret, $12, H&MSHOP HERE Romee Strijd has just perfected the ultimate edgy winter outfit: snow-kicking combat boots, a leather jacket, and painted-on leopard hot pants. What you'll need: Leopard Pants, $98, ShopbopSHOP HERE Proof that you can make a silky slip work for colder months. Just pair them up with a tall animal print boot and a menswear-inspired topcoat. What you'll need: Slouchy Coat, $160, TopshopSHOP HERE A super thick shearling coat pairs perfectly with brown leather pants and white fashion sneakers. What you'll need: Shearling Coat, $125, ChoosySHOP HERE Keep it low-key, like Jordin Sparks in a camo coat, cozy scarf, and a badass pair of stompers. What you'll need: Camo Coat, $99, Urban OutfittersSHOP HERE If you just happen to have boots that perfectly match your winter coat, wearing them together a la Gigi Hadid is a must. Go simple with the rest of the outfit to give your statement pieces a starring role. What you'll need: Orange Puffer Coat, $188, RevolveSHOP HEREIf you're struggling to style your favorite dress for chilled temps, the key is layering. A denim jacket over and a solid pair of jeans under will keep you from freezing – and also keep you looking chic. What you'll need: Light Wash Denim Jacket, $88, EverlaneSHOP HEREKendall's grungy fit is super cozy and crazy cool. She paired a hoodie and mom jeans with pointed-toe boots and a vintage-y puffer coat. What you'll need: Faux Shearling Biker Jacket, $80, HollisterSHOP HEREAn all-neutral outfit looks best with a contrasting neutral coat. If you get too hot, drape it over your shoulders or carry it as an accessory, like Shay.What you'll need: Wool Wrap Trench Coat, $80, H&MSHOP HEREThis outfit hack is the fashion girl secret to staying warm while you show off your outfit – plus, it looks great in an OOTD photo.  What you'll need: Reversible Camo Puffer Jacket, $50, Forever 21SHOP HEREVertical stripes, high rise trousers, and a floor-grazing trench give the illusion of legs for days. The velvety texture of Camila's coat pulls the entire look together. What you'll need: Longline Navy Trench Coat, $52, ASOSSHOP HEREHit peak laziness with a sweatsuit you may or may not have slept in. It's the perfect winter look, because paired up with a puffer and fashion-y boots, you'll serve up major streetwear vibes.What you'll need: Logo Sweatshirt, $68, ASOSSHOP HEREThis is how to wear all black. A structured blazer, slouchy hoodie, and patent leather pants combined offer the perfect mix of texture. The contrast of laid-back and ultra polished gives this look such a fashion feel. What you'll need: Girlfriend Blazer, $108, GapSHOP HEREFrom electric tangerine to neon orange and fiery rust, this hue is the number one color of the season. Haley layered on the shade with a logo-striped dress and matching jacket. What you'll need: Orange Pocket Jacket, $36, ASOSSHOP HEREFeel like you're strutting through the streets of Paris, when you're really just walking to class with Shay's high-fashion textures. Just pile on all the faux leather in your closet, then top with a teddy coat and beret. What you'll need: Double Breasted Teddy Coat, $174, ASOSSHOP HEREYou don't have to show your nips for this one – unless you want to, then do you – but Kim's all burgundy look is one to copy. If you're not into burgundy, go for a groutfit, an all-white look, or a black-on-black-on-black fit. It basically works with any color as long as each item is a slightly different hue. What you'll need: Maroon Short Puffer Coat, $125, EverlaneSHOP HEREEvery designated Cool Girl has black Vans, camo pants, and a sporty puffer in her closet. Wear them all at once for an easy fit with major style. What you'll need: Red Puffer Coat, $81, ExpressSHOP HERERock all your unisex pieces at once to create the perfect normcore ensemble. A beanie, white tee, trench, and Chuck Taylors go perfectly together. What you'll need: Faux Leather Trench Coat, $35, Shein SHOP HEREBella gets two spots on our list, because her layered style is just that good. If the Powerpuff girls needed to dress for wintertime, this is the look they'd pick: a girly puffer with '90s sunnies and bright blue pants straight out of a cartoon.  What you'll need: Cobalt Carpenter Pants, $50, Dickies GirlSHOP HERE		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She even wore platform shoes. The hottest trends of the 1990s consist of the following: chokers, thin brows, hair tendrils, slip dresses, and chunky heels. Selena Gomez's latest outfit also consists of the following: choker, thin brows, hair tendrils, slip dress, and chunky heels. On Sunday night, the pop star attended her friend Julia Michaels' birthday party and completely destroyed the '90s prom theme. Selena came through with a look so retro, she must have hopped into a time machine to achieve it. She posed for some prom-style pics (which were taken by an actual camera and printed out on actual paper) with Raquelle Stevens and the birthday girl herself.  The pop star treated fans to a good old-fashioned photo dump on Insta stories, showing off even more of her '90s-inspired look.  Selena was truly born in the wrong decade.Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I want to wear this and only this for the foreseeable future. Thanks to all the killer outfits Eleven has worn in Stranger Things, 1980s fashion is alive and well. But Millie Bobby Brown's latest red carpet appearance has me wishing that the series took place ten years earlier, because homegirl is serving up some serious '70s vibes. For a screening of Stranger Things 3 in NYC, the actress walked the red carpet wearing a powder blue floral midi that looks like it came from your local vintage shop (it actually came from Markarian). Millie accessorised with diamond drop earrings and glitzy mauve heels – the perfect additions to her adorably retro ensemble. Millie kept her makeup super low-key (brows, mascara, and just a hint of lip color), so that she could go above and beyond with her new, honey blonde extensions. That volume! Those curls! Karen Wheeler is SHAKING.Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Three words: leggings. as. pants.Thanksgiving break is a weird time. You've got relatives you've never seen before invading your house, old flames are back in town trying to hit you up, and about a dozen different parties to attend – all of which require a cute outfit. You're trying to look cute enough for the 'gram in the worst weather of the year, so you need an outfit that can take on anything.That being said, everyone knows you can't fully dedicate yourself to traditional holiday gorging in belly-constricting skinny jeans. You need to get you a look that does both: looks fly as hell and is comfy enough for a third-trimester food baby. Thankfully, these comfy-cute Thanksgiving outfit ideas will give you plenty of room for seconds (yes, and also dessert).Add this plush faux fur coat to any basic outfit to level-up your entire look. The material is as cozy as a blanket, so no matter how many plates you've had that day, uncomfortable is one thing you won't be (you might be full, tho).Football gear at a family party is totally allowed at Thanksgiving. Grab your favorite side dish and scream at the television with the whole fam.*Promises mom you won't wear leggings to Thanksgiving.* *Wears leather leggings instead.* Amp up the wardrobe staple with a faux leather version. They are super stretchy and comfortable, but look a little more dressed up.Stayed out too late on Black Wednesday? Roll out of bed and head straight to your Thanksgiving dinner with these ultra soft velour pants that look and feel so freaking fancy.Forget the worry of waistbands with a pretty embroidered dress that gives you extra room for seconds. The embroidery is feminine and unique, plus the long sleeve is perfect for autumn layering. Add a pair of tights and kitten heels for a full chic look.A flowy skirt is easy to wear (especially after your third plate) and super cute for an #ootd. Pair with a cropped sweater and booties to give it more of a fall-season feel, then wear it with a tank for when spring rolls around."Skinny jeans" are practically a curse word during the Thanksgiving season, because this holiday is all about keeping room for your food baby. Wear a pair of boyfriend jeans with a matching button-up for an easy Thanksgiving look.A wrap dress is a necessity in every closet – no matter what the season. The adjustable waist tie will be your best friend during your Thanksgiving feast and the midi cut looks perfectly dressy for all those family pics.Get you an outfit that comes prepped for your post-feast nap. This comfy sweater is like a sleeping bag with arms.   Thanksgiving without leggings is like turkey without the gravy – you could do it, but it just wouldn't be as good. Opt for a fun checkered version that looks like pants, but still provides ample belly room. A jumpsuit is a great option for a Thanksgiving outfit. It's a trendy look that requires zero effort. Just zip it up and get to eating.The word "oversized" is in everyone’s Thanksgiving vocabulary, in reference to your outfit and your plate. You'll live in this extra long tunic for Turkey Day and beyond.The slip-dress is an elegant go-to for every season. In the summer, I wear it with platform sandals. Once fall hits, I pair mine up with a denim jacket or layer it over a '90s turtleneck.This plush cardi will have you fully prepped for that after-Thanksgiving nap. Dress it down with a cute tee and jeans or add polish with a classic LBD. Sweatpants, but make it fashion. Your relatives won’t mind you wearing sweats to the party when they are in a fun pastel. Add a pearl embellished sweater on top to really make this a dressed-up sweat pant look.Two words: utility suit. This loose-fit floral number is a must for a lowkey Friendsgiving get-together. Add a beanie and sneakers for the a cool-girl look that fits the holiday.Your growing food baby requires a flowy babydoll-style top. This one is made out of a lightweight fabric, so nothing feels heavy or tight. Just how Thanksgiving dinner outfits should be, amiright?Simple, chic, and a fall staple. Stay comfy and cozy in a posh grey hoodie dress.   		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She basically wore it all weekend long. Even with her hectic celebrity life (filled with red carpets, a beauty line, and whole list epic collaborations) Millie Bobby Brown spends her weekends the exact same way as the rest of us: in sweats, with no makeup on, just living her most comfortable life. But, as a celeb, her days off are just a little bit more glamorous than yours. Like, instead of spending her Saturday in the worn out softball T-shirt she's been sleeping in since sixth grade, Millie gets her chill time wearing sweats designed by Justin Bieber. Casual. The Stranger Things actress wore JB's clothing collection Drew House not once, but twice last weekend. She lounged around with a very sleepy Good Boy, wearing a sold-out hot pink smiley hoodie. The lazy day look even got a shout out from Justin himself on Instagram (again, casual). Love to see @milliebobbybrown in @drewhouse 🔥🔥🥰🥰🥰A post shared by  Justin Bieber (@justinbieber) on Nov 8, 2019 at 4:25pm PSTThe star also posted a mirror selfie, showing off a slouchy tee, again with Drew House's trademark smiley face logo. That wasn't the only part of her look that was created by a super famous star, though. Take a look at those sunnies – they were actually designed by Gigi Hadid for her Vogue Eyewear collection. Want to shop them for yourself? Well, you're in luck. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Boobs, you're welcome.  The absolute best part of every girl's day is getting home and taking off her bra (closely followed by the removal of pants). Thanks to this list, you'll look forward to that moment a lot less, because these ultra comfy bras are the closest you'll get to wearing no bra at all. I polled all my friends – from 32B all the way up to DD cups – to find the most comfortable bras they've ever worn and trust me, they had a lot to say. So, from our boobs to yours, here are the comfiest, most supportive bras every teenage girl should have in her underwear drawer. They don't gap or stretch out or dig into your armpits – these are the best of the best, no matter what your cup size.Did you know that most of the support comes from the band of your bra? This full-coverage option from Bare Necessities is a top pick for people with large busts, because of the wide-cut waistband. That means extra, extra support. And with a size range that goes from DD all the way up to N, you're almost guaranteed to find your size.For the underwire averse, this no-wire bra is a lifesaver. You still get shape and support, but without little pieces of metal poking you all day. It's a win-win. Okay, this isn't technically a bra – actually, it's for the days when you don't want to wear a bra at all. Unlike their flimsy counterparts (you know, those paper-thin ones you get for a dollar?), you'll get full nipple coverage with these bad boys. They're like chicken cutlets in miniature, so you can stick them on, then peel them off to use again. Plus, they come in three different colors, to fit all skin nipple tones If you're looking for a bralette so cute it could double as a crop top, this is it, hunny. It's got 4.6 stars on Google, mostly due to its uplifting fit (even for bigger busts) and comfortable wear. Plus, you know, it's cute and stuff. Curvy Couture is a favorite for people with a large breast size, because of their C-H cup range and their unfailingly supportive bras. The lace detailing on this expert-favorite bra is so cute, you'll dread putting a shirt on. *Some* lingerie brands forget that not everyone wants a push-up bra – some of us were born with our own, if you know what I mean. Thankfully, ThirdLove's T-Shirt Bra supports and lifts my 34Ds, but isn't packed with padding. The bra is stocked in a range of hues to match every skin tone, plus ThirdLove's famous half-cup sizes make for a totally customized fit. MORE: This Company Makes Bras for Girls With Asymmetrical BoobsThis tittie-holder is super comfy, seamless under T-shirts, and is slightly contoured – without being a pushup. Opt in if you're looking for a little extra help, but don't want to go full-on Kylie Jenner. Rihanna would never serve you an ugly bra, so of course her entire SAVAGE X FENTY collection is ultra sexy and diverse as hell. This bra, for example, comes with foam cups for extra lift and is available in sizes 38DD to 44DD. It supports your girls, while you support ya girl Riri.Flirty bralettes are great for taking on the summer heat (read: underboob sweat). They're light-weight, breathable, and look so cute peeking out of a tank top. Lively's versions have a lining so soft, its like pjs for your boobs. It's a win-win. Your boobs have never felt this comfortable. When given the choice between going totally braless and wearing one of Target's famous C9 Champion sports bras, I sometimes choose to wear the bra – so you know it's good. It's supportive, ultra soft, and never stretches out. Plus, it comes in both plus and straight sizes. Say it louder for the people in the back: NUDE. DOES. NOT. MEAN. WHITE. That's why Aerie, champions of the no-edit lingerie campaign, have hues for everyone (plus panties to match). This unlined bra is a fan favorite that shows off the goods just the way they are. This silky-soft, lightly-padded underwire comes in a ton of different colors and prints, with a size range that spans 32A to 38 DD. It's a classic, everyday bra you'll keep buying every six months (because apparently that's when you're supposed to replace them). 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She wears them like once a week. Everyone has that one item in your closet that you have to actively stop yourself from wearing every single day, because you just love it that much. For me, it's a vintage leather blazer I found at a vintage store for $25 – I find myself reaching for that thing at least once a week. Billie Eilish does the same thing, except for her, it's a pair of $1.5k sneakers covered in rhinestones. If you scroll back through Billie's best outfits, they all have one thing in common: Gucci's Flashtrek Sneakers. She's got versions of the shoe in rust orange, white-on-white, white with black soles, silver, and all-black. The 17-year-old pop star owns a pair in every single color and they're always on rotation. She wore a pair last Saturday at the 2019 LACMA Art + Film Gala (also pictured: her new mullet).She wore – well, one of them for an appearance on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon.There they are again at the 2019 The iHeartRadio Music Festival. Don't even get me started on her Instagram – it would be quicker to look for a picture where she wasn't wearing the designer kicks.  just landed in london and i want some chocolate milkA post shared by  BILLIE EILISH (@billieeilish) on Jun 25, 2019 at 4:58am PDT i miss my matte black baby mama😩😩A post shared by  BILLIE EILISH (@billieeilish) on Jun 25, 2019 at 1:58pm PDT portland omw to you rnnnn➡️A post shared by  BILLIE EILISH (@billieeilish) on May 30, 2019 at 5:33pm PDT WHEN I WAS OLDER out nowA post shared by  BILLIE EILISH (@billieeilish) on Jan 9, 2019 at 1:27am PSTOk, Billie, we get it: you love your sneakers. And you can't blame her, because you know if a pair of those babies were sitting in your closet, they'd be on repeat until the end of time. Lucky for you, they can be, if you're willing to pay the price ($1,590). All of her favorites are still available online. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Spoiler: every time she leaves her house. Selena Gomez has been your style idol since back in her Wizards of Waverly Place days. Check how her always epic style has transformed from sweet Disney darling to red-carpet show-stopper. Selena Gomez has just made a very strong case for a live-action Frozen, starring herself. Last night, the singer attended the Frozen 2 premiere hand-in-hand with her little sister Gracie. The sibs wore full (matching!) costumes, looking like Anna and Elsa IRL. Selena donned Anna's iconic braids, while Gracie came through with her own Elsa-blonde hair. Even though Selena Gomez has reassured fans that she's "not dating anyone," the singer was just spotted wearing her ex-boyfriend's sweatpants. Samuel Krost, who Sel dated back in 2016 (and who you might recognize from the Fyre Fest doc), owns Krost, the fashion brand that made the "Support Your Friends" sweatpants Selena was spotted wearing only a few days after the two reportedly met up for dinner. Veeeeeery interesting..... LQDCELL Shatter 👟👟 by @pumasportstyle ❤️A post shared by  Selena Gomez (@selenagomez) on Aug 7, 2019 at 8:31am PDTQueen Selena just keeps on hitting us with smokin' hot looks. She posted up on the 'gram wearing a Puma sports bra as a shirt, with leggings and a highlighter zip-up that I must own. If you feel the same, shop her jacket below.Shift Women's Packable Windbreaker, $70, PumaSHOP NOW Me, Italy -trying desperately to look like a Fellini filmA post shared by  Selena Gomez (@selenagomez) on Jul 26, 2019 at 12:00pm PDTSelena celebrated her 27th birthday in Italy, looking like a straight-up travel blogger. She posed in a gondola wearing this Rixo rose and polka dot dress that somehow is still available to shop. Buy one for yourself here. If you had any doubt that Selena Gomez is a mythical land mermaid straight out of a fairytale, let this dress stand as the final confirmation. For The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon, the singer stunned in an asymmetrical sequin mini that looks like the shimmering skin of some aquatic creature. Honestly, this whole look is magic. Proof: your bra can be a shirt if you believe in yourself. Taking a major departure from her last prim-and-proper red carpet look, Sel turned it out at the 2019 Cannes Film Festival in a thigh-slit skirt and a matching bra. Y'all, she really, truly DID THAT.Selena has two moods: super casual (think, her all-Puma athleisure wardrobe) and smokin' hot (read: any time she's on the red carpet). But for her latest appearance she went for a completely different vibe. She skipped the butt-skimming extensions she's been rocking lately for a short, natural lob and wore a '50s-inspired wrap dress that makes her look so polished. Living for this transformation.After announcing that she'll be taking a (much deserved) break from social media, Selena's out and about in the real world THRIVING, a statement confirmed by her shoes. She was spotted wearing a comfy 7 For All Mankind sweatshirt, with sweatpants, and $52 slides that say "thriving" on the strap. I strive to achieve this level of comfort. Over the weekend, Selena rocked a classic black dress and what looks like a yummy pressed juice. You might be thinking oh, she decided to mix it up with branded Fendi socks, but, my friend, your eyes deceive you. What she's actually wearing is A $1,100 PAIR OF BOOTS THAT LOOK LIKE SOCKS STICKING OUT OF HEELS. Yeah, I'm confused too. Selena has officially won Fashion Week, everyone else can just go home now. The singer sat front row (duh) at the Coach runway show, rocking a shimmery gold mini dress. I suddenly get the sense that homecoming 2018 is going to involve a lot of metallic dresses...Selena Gomez fan account, @selenagomez_updates_news, pointed out this hilarious outfit repeat from Selena's days on Barney & Friends. Fifteen years later and Sel can still rock a pair of overalls like no other. Get the look: The Little Brother Tee, $20, Urban OutfittersBuy NowBDG Linda Denim Shortall Overall, $49, Urban OutfittersBuy NowA newly single Selena hit up a photo call for Hotel Transylvania 3 in a sparkly look that's making me so thirsty for summer. Instead of her usual tiny florals, Sel's blush mini was studded with rhinestones and she wore silver mules to match. On Easter Sunday, a newly single Selena attended church sans Justin Bieber, who was busy posting creepy bunny selfies. She opted for her favorite outfit combo: a vintage-y floral dress with a slouchy cardigan, and white sneakers. Classic Selena!Sel's been feeling the vintage vibes lately – she's jumped between '70s flares, '90s florals, and now early 1900s inspo in this all-white ensemble. Prom 2015, everyone was wearing high-low dresses and Sel has officially revived the trend. This bold canary gown is so, so stunning. Pajamas as clothes strikes again! Selena's silky little dress looks insanely cozy paired with sneakers and a fluffy sweater. Back at it again with the cardigan! Selena layered her recent fave over a high-neck tank and for a statement piece, she wore vintage-looking jeans with leather details and a huge vagina zipper. Honestly, I'm kind of into it. This top was def inspired by your grandma's couch, but Selena slays the ultra femme look. She paired the pretty top with mom jeans and strappy red heels. While out in NYC, the "Bad Liar" singer rocked double dresses. She paired a sheer purple mini with a brown silky slip and chunky boots. Sel has been serving some serious grandma vibes lately. She's been living for vintage-y florals, knitted cardigans, and comfy sneakers. BRB, raiding my g-ma's closet!I don't care what the date is, Selena Gomez has decided it's fall, so start breaking out your cutest boots and coziest coats stat. The "Fetish" singer popped out in NYC wearing shiny boots, a soft sweater, and a plaid duster that would make Spencer Hastings blush. This outfit is the fabric representation of Selena Gomez herself: sparkles and glitter and unicorns, with a pop of unexpected color. Too bad the sweater alone is $450... Sel's all about those throwback vibes, hopping from the '70s to the '90s and now to the '50s with this flirty midi skirt. Even though the look is totally old-school, the "Bad Liar" singer was still able to rock some '17 trends: white loafers, a dainty necklace, and the hottest color of the summer, lipstick red. Selena went full on '90s for her 25th birthday in a sparkling holographic sequined dress. She paired the look with strappy heels and vintage-y earrings. Remember when Regina George told Gretchen Weiners that she couldn't wear hoop earrings anymore, because hoop earrings were her thing? Well Selena just did that to the LBD. We can all just go home now. Sel's bird-covered, cat-accented, bubblegum pink jumpsuit is everything your 4-year-old self could want in an outfit – and she straight up rocks it. Everyone's rocking gingham right now, but Sel proved no one does it better than her. She rocked the preppy print in powder blue on the We Day blue carpet. Slaylena is back! The queen has returned to the red carpet for the premiere of 13 Reasons Why, which she produced. To honor the occasion, Sel rocked a glowing orange metallic bubble dress and matching dangly earrings. For V-Day, Sel rocked a smokin' red dress that will legit make you fall in love. She paired the skin-tight number with an edgy moto jacket and leopard print pumps. Somewhere in the world, the Weeknd just had heart failure.To keep her floral sundress and cat eye sunnies from looking totally housewife, Selena added cool girl touches with her embroidered bomber and all-black heels. The perfect chill-cute outfit. Yo girl has reached peak Slay-lena in what might be the most crazemazing outfit she's ever worn. Retro shades, two-toned jeans, with a T. Rex Coach sweater layered over a turtleneck is a combo only Sel could pull off. Funky cut-outs make Selena's leather dress even more edgy at a UNICEF ball. Selena's floaty white gown at the Golden Globes after-party is giving us total Disney princess vibes!Selena looked totally gorge in a white two-piece dress. We love her wavy hair! At the Billboard Women in Music Luncheon, Selena stood out in a feathered dress and black tights. Selena went for laid-back but still flirty in an off-the-shoulder gown at the 102.7 KISS FM Jingle Ball. All eyes were on Selena in this glam dress at the 2015 American Music Awards. Selena hit up the Victoria's Secret after party in a super cool cutout mini-dress. Selena stays warm and chic in a comfy turtleneck sweater and matching skirt.We're obsessed with the way her scarlet lip pops against her crisp white maxi dress. The gold shoes are mega-glam, too!Sel's bold printed jacket is the perfect way to transition cutoffs and tank into August. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She styled it with a jacket from American Eagle.  When you're pressed for time, what's your favorite outfit to throw on and go? A cool top, with jeans and sneakers, am I right? Well, the same goes for your style icon Selena Gomez and she's here to show the rest of us exactly how it's done. On Tuesday, Sel stepped out for lunch looking very Reputation-era Taylor Swift. She wore a snakeskin tank (Tay's signature), with straight-leg mom jeans and sneakers, topped with a plush trucker jacket that looks soft enough to sleep in.From head to toe, Sel looks so expensive, but her coolest statement pieces actually come with a department-store price tag. Her '90s-inspired top, for example, costs $130 and is still fully stocked online. The bargains don't stop there, hunny! Selena's jacket is from your own personal fave American Eagle. Right now, her exact sherpa is completely sold out (womp womp), but you can shop a nearly identical look alike below. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's so un-Billie of her. Bye, oversized cargo pants and baggy gym shorts – Billie Eilish has moved on. Lately, the singer has been breaking all her own fashion rules, wearing skin-tight leggings (gasp!) basically nonstop for the past few days. First, Billie shocked the world when she wore white leggings under a pair of oversized shorts. Four days later, ya girl is out here positively flaunting it in a pair of patent leather bondage leggings that your local Hot Topic groupie would die for. In the video, Billie laughs on set for what looks like a really sick photo shoot, grabbing her butt jokingly. She captioned the clip "LEGS????", probably joking about the fact that this is only like the second time we've ever seen them.  Along with her shockingly-fitted pants, Billie added some of her own wardrobe staples: an oversized T-shirt, bandanna, and those Gucci sneakers she can't stop wearing. If you want to buy a pair for yourself, shop her exact shoes below – if you're willing to drop some Billie Eilish-level change, that is. Mens Flashtrack Sneaker With Removable Spikes, $1,590, GucciSHOP NOWFollow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Wait, are these real? Over the past couple of years, supermodel Bella Hadid has worked tirelessly to single-handedly revive each and every fashion trend from the 1990s. So far, she's hit all the big ones – Dickie's pants ✔️, mini sunglasses ✔️, crop tops ✔️– but her latest outfit, might be her most impressive accomplishment to date. Ladies and gentleman, may I present to you, the nipple ring. While attending the CFDA / Vogue Fashion Fund 2019 Awards in NYC, Bella wore an all-velvet catsuit designed by her date and fashion legend Alexander Wang. From there, she kept things simple, adding only a mini disco bag, diamond earrings, and um pearl-studded nipple and belly button rings. Like a true style icon, Bella committed fully to this retro look. She reached into the beauty archives for a hair/makeup combo that you probably haven't seen since the early aughts: gelled tendril bangs and kohl eyeliner only on the waterline. Ionic. This is the trend I never knew I needed back in my life. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			These are so freaking cool. Important question: Does anyone have Santa's phone number? Because thanks to my personal style icon Billie Eilish, I've found the only thing I'll be asking him for this Christmas. On Saturday, Billie attended the 2019 LACMA Art + Film Gala Presented By Gucci looking just-rolled-out-of-bed chic. Even when she's not at an event hosted by the brand, ya girl is always swimming in the Gucci Gs. So, of course, when attending a lux event hosted by the brand, she brought her style A game.The "Bad Guy" singer wore a sleepwear-inspired set with her favorite Gucci sneakers (she has like three pairs) and a chunky gold choker.  Even next to sold gold lion heads, metallic embroidery, and rhinestone-studded sneakers, the hero of this look was Billie's massively oversized sunglasses.The chunky square shape was an early '00s favorite that's presently in the midst of a big time revival – which means, yes, you can shop them for yourself. Her exact sunnies are available on the Gucci website now. Square-Frame Sunglasses, $420, GucciSHOP NOWFollow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			These looks are everything. Riverdale star Lili Reinhart can always be counted on to serve a major fashion moment. Whether she’s strutting the red carpet or going casual, she’s always supplying fans with new inspo for our own closets. From bold, chic suiting and high-glamour ball gowns to prim pastels straight out of Betty Cooper's closet, Lili can truly rock any fashion trend out there. Which is why she makes a perfect must for when you’re stuck in a style rut.Whether you're prepping an outfit for a fun night out or just trying to turn a look for your algebra class, these outfit ideas will take your lewk from a 10 to a 12. Here are all the times Lili Reinhart gave us more style inspo than we deserve. She's channeling Dark Betty in this preppy-meets-edgy puff-sleeve dress.  Move over Cheryl Blossom, because Lili can rock red lace just as hard.   This outfit combo is the secret to looking chic 24/7: a bold power suit and a fitted turtleneck. It's really all you need. Make a summery floral skirt look fall-ready by pairing it with a chic ankle bootie and a cropped cardigan.  Lili made this Betty Cooper-inspired mini look super edgy with contrasting (studded!) crimson accessories. This shoulder action is giving us all the feels. Wear it with a pair of boyfriend jeans for a casual look or with matching trousers for a stylish internship moment. Hello, Lili's bra! Nice to see you! The actress went sexy-chic in a low-cut blazer dress and bralette. She kicked it back to 1999 with a high-slit slip dress with intricate strap detailing. Layer a cropped card over a tank dress Lili-style to make it class appropriate. Prepster stripes get a much-needed dose of cool, thanks to this pieced-together leather jacket.  What's the best way to wear pink? With more pink. Lili added a hint of neon to her glitzy fuschia gown. A two piece set can easily be dressed up or down. Throw on a sweater for your daytime shift at the mall, then pop on the matching crop for girls' night.Get red carpet ready for prom, homecoming, whatever in a canary gown. Lili proves this color is just as wearable as a typical LBD.  A tailored suit styled with a super-chill crop top is the perfect mix of fun and profesh. Try it with a clean white sneaker for a casual vibe. Betty would be living for this sweet blush number. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Looking good, girl.This is a modal window.Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window.End of dialog window.You know the drill: new season, new outfits. Fall is officially in full swing, so it’s time to prep a bunch of cute looks for the months ahead—and we’re here to help get you started.The first thing you should think about are your staples, those classics that are the MVP's of your closet: denim jackets, ankle boots, cross-body bags, etc. After that, focus on some buzz-worthy trends to play around and have fun with. For 2019, a few to consider are tie-dye prints, fanny packs, workwear boots, metallic outerwear, and floral midi dresses. Once you have all the ingredients in one place, it’s time to start creating outfits.Watch the video above for five perfect fall looks built around a few of our fav Calvin Klein pieces that you can wear to class, on the weekend, at the gym, or wherever your autumn schedule takes you. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I am confused by this.Let me paint a picture for you: a teen girl wearing leggings, an oversized T-shirt, and sneakers. What comes to mind? Probably your average VSCO girl, clutching a steaming cup of Starbucks in one hand and a scrunchie in the other, amiright? Well, you'd be wrong. Because I'm actually describing the polar opposite: pop icon Billie Eilish. Until now, I thought that leggings would be at the very top of the list of things Billie would never ever wear: 1. because they're the most basic piece of clothing imaginable, and 2. because they break Billie's cardinal-rule of never wearing tight-fitting clothing. But, being Billie, she found a way to make the staple look 100% authentic to her famous streetwear style. She layered her white leggings with oversized shorts (a Billie favorite) and a T-shirt, layered over a white long-sleeve tee to match. After that, she threw on the Billie usual: high-top Nikes and a profanity-embroidered accessory. Lucky for you, the shoes are a classic Jordan style, which means they're still available online – if you're willing to drop $145, that is.Womens' Jordan AJ 1 Rebel XX OG, Nike, $145.00SHOP NOW Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I suddenly feel an overwhelming urge to go apple picking? What comes to mind when I say "overall dress"? Colorful leaves, chunky neutral knits, and weekend trips to the apple orchard. Why? I don't know. But there's just something about this classic staple that absolutely screams "fall." The overall dress is comfortable and so simple to style. Thanks to the fact that they come in a variety of washes, prints, and fabrics, you can throw one over any top in your closet for an easy autumnal outfit in two seconds flat. Now, you're probably craving a little inspo for yourself. Not a problem, I've got you covered. I rounded up the best overall dresses (like, denim, corduroy, leopard, and striped) available on the internet today, all for your shopping pleasure. Whether you're prepping your #fallstyle or getting ready for a tropical vacay, these dresses are it, sis. Go for a utilitarian camo print this fall. Style it up with a mock-neck and a chunky combat boot.Clean, classic, and cool. Contrast this white overall dress with a black T-Shirt for maximum impact.  The silver buttons down the front of this fitted overall dress give it such a cool edge. Plus, POCKETS!This bold zebra print baby has "weekend mode" written allll over it. Try a knit sweater underneath and a pair of micro sunnies. Embossed croc is a fall essential fabric and thanks to the gold hardware, this version has a luxe, edgy feel. This coral jumper is hella chic with a simple white button-up. Adding on gold bling makes the entire ensemble look profesh. Dark florals are a fab print to rock. Pair this overall dress with a white T-shirt and a pair of black combat boots. Yep, it's official: this vegan leather overall dress is the only thing on my shipping list right now. A striped overall dress just looks like summer – no matter what the season. This simple denim number is fitted to the gowds and looks great all on its own. Bio lab, movie night, frat party – this leopard mini does it all. Add a pair of over-the-knee boots to complete the look. A neutral tone overall dress gives you a dose of grunge. Opt for teeny femme florals for an unexpected pair-up. This burgundy version is an easy way to try the trend.   Try a midi length option to give a laid-back overall dress a more polished silhouette. Pair it with a striped top and your favorite white sneakers. If you want to go for a more formal style, try this burnt orange floral lace mini. Add a pair of Mary Jane flats and a beret for a preppy Parisian take. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You know he does that. Your brother has secretly returned basically every gift you've ever given him and cashed in on those after-holiday sales. The thoughtful framed photo of the two of you, the suave cashmere sweater, the cool-guy loafers he could have worn to his internship – after that first fake smile on Christmas morning, you never saw them again. And then he shows up a week later with new Nikes that you know he can't afford. NEVER. AGAIN. This list of epic mini gifts has been hand crafted by me, Seventeen's shopping expert, in hopes that you never have to go through that holiday betrayal again. Ahead, find a compilation of bestsellers, fan merch, and really cool novelty toys. These are the best stocking stuffers and gifts for teen boys that would be just as good under the tree. Creed has a disco ball instead of a rearview mirror – this is a better way to show he's a The Office fan. MORE: This "The Office" Merch Is So Good, You'll Probably Have to Declare BankruptcyThis was the number one coolest snack of your childhood and it's just as cool as a stocking stuffer. This embroidered cardholder shows he's got that money, even if he doesn't.  This book reads like his holiday wishlist: sneakers, sneakers, sneakers, sneakers. MORE: 21 Epic Christmas Gifts Teen Boys Will Be Obsessed WithWhether he's always dressed to the nines or is more of a jersey and jeans type, every guy needs a good beanie. For teen boys, cereal is its own food group – and(next to pizza) probably the most important one. Splash his face (or yours) across a pair of socks for a hilarious prank gift. An outfit is only as good as its bling. Throw this chain on with a T-shirt, sweater, or button up for instant style. This unisex deo offers high-strength antiperspirant benefits and smells amazing. (You know he needs this.)Behold: the best card game of all time, in super-cute mini form. Keep his kicks looking brand new with this shoe cleaning solution and brush.  Between gaming, workouts, and seven-page bio essays, his hands could use some love. A hand mask will give them much-needed hydration. This mini towel will really come in handy during high-intensity football practices. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Like, they're really chic.  We've all got our eyes on Hailey Baldwin these days: 1. because she just had the most insanely lavish wedding to Justin Bieber (The dresses! The accessories! The RING!), and 2. because of her modern-day-Posh-Spice style. The model channels Victoria Beckham's sexy, simplistic vibe, but still packs her closet with modern statement pieces for a look that's 100% her own.Whether you take a few more fashion risks on her behalf or think about the staple pieces in your closet – like Hailey's go-to blazers and mom jeans – in a less conventional way, she has us all itching to revamp our own style in her image. Ahead, peruse all of the most stunning, chic, effortlessly cool Hailey Baldwin outfits that demand to be replicated. As you know, Hailey is the queen of dressing up her basics.  Throw a tailored leather jacket over an oversized t-shirt, pair with boots, and you're ready for the ultimate shopping trip. Hailey went all-black with a classic cami, billowing trousers, and a $1,820 fanny pack from Louis Vuitton.  Tres Chic! Crop tops aren't going away anytime soon.  Throw a tailored jacket on for a toned down (but still smokin' hot) look.Thanks to that ultra-low V neckline, Hailey is serving some serious sex appeal, even with the baggy long sleeves.Tuck an oversized sweater into your vintage jeans for the coolest strolling-about-town-with-Justin-Bieber look (minus the Justin Bieber). You don't have to be a bonafide supermodel to pull off this look. Pile on all your favorites: jeans, hoodie, printed jacket, heels, sunnies, and hoops. You'll look just as cool as Hailey. We've seen the plunging neckline over and over again.  Hailey's daring scoop-back gown by Alexander Wang went down in fashion history, thanks to the rhinestone statement thong. This might be one of Hailey's coolest looks ever. Take a pair of scissors to your oldest, coziest sweatshirt, then layer the finished crop with your favorite oversized suiting pieces to copy. An oversized button down and silk (or sequined) pajama short is all you need for a night out.  Dress it up even more with a studded slingback and glitzy handbag.   Yep, Hailey just made Formula 1 driver look cool.  Don't be afraid to pile on the logos. DIY this look yourself or shop for a legit racing jacket at your local thrift store.Hailey usually channels the sexy-fab persona of Posh Spice, but here, she goes a little Sporty. The puffer/leggings combo is a winner every time. You got dressed and it's waaay cuter than you expected (read: too cute for class). Take it down several notches with a pair of casual dad sneaks. This highlighter color will brighten anyone's day. Hailey pulls it off with minimal accessories to let the electric hue shine. Wanna dress like a supermodel? Just wear faux leather from head to toe and reach for some XL sunnies. This look is already pinned to my "Style" board, thanks to all the bloggers that love this look. Hailey updated the style by mixing her tailored trousers with a slouchy neon knit.Workwear grunge is comfy and so freaking cool. Try a Carhartt coat or Dickies coverall to steal this style.   Stay cozy for your chai latte runs with matching ribbed knits that look fab, but feel so cozy. Shine bright like a diamond with everything sequin. Pro tip: choose a simple silhouette when going bold with embellishments to keep your ensemble looking elegant. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Homegirl knows how to rock a blazer.Disney star Dove Cameron can sing, dance, act, AND she has some serious star style – the ultimate quadruple threat. Her style transforms from vampy and posh (read: blazers, smokey pink eyeshadow) to over-the-top girly (think: super-sweet florals and ribbons in her hair) with the day. There's literally no style Dove hasn't tried and totally nailed.  So the next time you're looking for a little wardrobe inspiration, give this story a read-through. Dove's best looks are packed with styling hacks and a load of really, really good accessories. Without further ado, here are Dove Cameron's best outfits ever – oh, and where you can buy similar pieces for yourself.Dove turned a simple blazer into a full-on red carpet look just by wrapping a fringe scarf around her waist. Genius!A power suit in this rust hue looks great on all skin tones. It shows that you like to have fun with fashion, but at the end of the day you mean business.Dove kept things simple and minimal with a strapless sheath dress in a neutral shade.  Go from the gym to the clurrrrb by slipping into a sheer top and a pair of sexy pumps, like Dove.LBDs might be a classic, but a LPD is fun and flirty (especially when sequins are involved). Dove fully owned this look with silver sandals and a matching fuschia eye. Dove looks like the goddess of spring in a candy yellow coat and white fit-and-flare dress. Opt for a mustard hue to bring this outfit into fall. Stay comfy and cool in a pair of boyfriend jeans. Add a graphic tee on top to keep the look dressed-down. If you're looking for a little more polish add heels and a blazer. A metallic mini with a a mock neck and long sleeves keeps you staying warm and staying chic.The bigger the pant leg the better. Add a tight sweater and jumbo hoops with a wide leg pant to keep the outfit balanced. A puff sleeve is a big trend this season and a polished white dress is great for any season. Add black accessories to really make this look one-of-a-kind. A girly dress in a blue/green floral print is never a bad decision. A paperbag waist is a Pinterest-worthy update to your typical blue jeans. The dressy cut looks polished for internships, parties, or red carpets, if you're Dove Cameron. A faux fur coat is a MUST this season. Pair with a T-shirt and jeans for a cool/casual vibe or over a dress for any going out look. A floral dress with lace detailing is girly, feminine, and ultra cute!Sweaters don't have to be plain and boring. Look for ones with on-trend details like feathers or pearls to keep your look modern (not grandma).  		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Friends approved.At this point, you've basically got every single episode of Friends memorized and the same goes for every single outfit Rachel Green ever wore on the show. As the group's resident fashion guru, her outfits hit all the coolest 1990s trends – turtlenecks, cropped sweaters, cow print, slip dresses. Her looks were so good, in fact, that you've probably already seen some of her wardrobe staples at your local Urban Outfitters, if you haven't worn them already yourself. So to help you on your lifelong quest to copy the wardrobe of Rachel Green, we've gathered all of her best outfits from the show – and where you can shop them now. Elevate your layering game with a vibrant fuchsia faux fur coat. Go for a simple black and white pair-up beneath for a look that's 100% Rachel. What you'll need: Faux Fur Single Breasted Coat, $130, Avec Les Filles SHOP NOWRachel Green made the 1990s mom jean famous and she's never looked better. Try tucking in a fitted white tee for that laid-back weekend type of vibe.What you'll need: Wedgie Icon Fit, $98, Levi'sSHOP NOWThere are a million ways to wear this Rachel Green favorite. Layer it over a tie dye T-shirt, throw a chunky knit on top, or wear it solo with heels for an ultra fancy feel.What you'll need: Satin Cami Maxi Slip Dress, $45, Asos DesignSHOP NOWA plaid skirt isn't just for school uniforms. A graphic T-shirt and Vans will give it an updated cool girl look, but if you're trying to copy RG, reach for a fitted sweater.What you'll need: A line Pleated Skater Skirt, $22, Milumia SHOP NOWThis is the ultimate summer look: a white tank, an unbuttoned Hawaiian shirt, and loose-fit cargo pants. What you'll need: Gladdys Tropical Print Tie Sleeve Blouse, $68, Kut FromThe KlothSHOP NOWWas this taken in 1999 or in 2019? It's hard to tell, because Rachel's entire look – from her slip dress to her flip flops – is trending hard right now.  What you'll need: Justine Dress, $168, Lover + FriendsSHOP NOWAthleisure style has already taken over your Insta feed, but let's not forget who did it first. This sporty ensemble is one of Rachel's best. What you'll need: Sweatpants Joggers, $20, IcyzoneSHOP NOWRachel predicted this year's hottest animal print trends (leopard and cow print) with just one single look – and it was good. What you'll need: Button Front Cow Print Jacket, $25, ZAFULSHOP NOWThis style lesson is an important one: a puff-sleeve crop top is the dressy version of a white tee. It still goes with everything, but looks way more polished. What you'll need: Tie Front Sweetheart Neck Shirred Crop Top, $13, SHEINSHOP NOWDenim shortalls are a 1990s classic, just like Friends. Throw on a dark washed denim jacket and a striped tee like Rachel to complete the look.What you'll need: Denim bib Overall Shorts, $30, Scioltoo SHOP NOWThis is a chic combo that Rachel reached for time and again: a curve-hugging turtleneck, black mini skirt, and sheer tights.What you'll need: Long Sleeve Turtleneck, $16, EIMINSHOP NOWRemember what I said about Rachel's favorite combo? Yep, she's rocking it again, this time pairing her mini skirt and tights with a USA sweater. What you'll need: Retro USA Crewneck Sweatshirt, $35, Wild Kard VintageSHOP NOWCropped knits and Rachel Green are like peanut butter and jelly – you can't have on without the other.What you'll need:  Ava Cropped Sweater, $56, SuperdownSHOP NOWKnot your boyfriend's favorite button-up at the waist (yes, even if you're on a break) for a cool recreation of this Rachel Green outfit. What you'll need: Cropped Button-Down Shirt, $39, Urban RenewalSHOP NOWGive off the vibe that you raided a vintage shop with a retro knotted uniform top and a cool printed high-rise skirt. What you'll need: Linen-Blend Tie-Front Shirt, $48, Abercrombie & FitchSHOP NOWRachel loved a good cami. It's an easy style to wear all year long, with sweaters or as a stand-alone piece for summertime. What you'll need: Lace Trim V-Neck Cami, $20, Urban OutfittersSHOP NOWRachel's cropped cardi would look right at home with a pair of high-rise jeans, but of course, she paired it with her favorite mini skirt, instead.  What you'll need: Cropped Cardigan Sweater, $24, EIMINSHOP NOWNot sure which I love more: Rachel's vintage-y lace blouse or Phoebe's feathered hair clips?What you'll need: Erika Puff Sleeve Lace Top, $89, WAYF SHOP NOW		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Do VSCO girls deserve better?On the opening day of my school’s spirit week, I walked by countless girls decked out in oversized t-shirts, shell necklaces, and scrunchies. Hydroflasks poked out of their identical Fjallraven Kanken backpacks. These girls were dressing up in the style of a VSCO girl, but they are, I was assured, dressing this way ironically.             Over the summer, a new brand of teenager emerged out of TikTok: Meet the VSCO girl. In addition to her very strict dress code, a VSCO girl likes to say “sksksksk” (letters frequently used in a keyboard smash). She’s also known for inserting “and I oop” into any and all conversations, and she may have a “save the turtles” Instagram caption on more than a few fire selfies. She is environmentally conscious, and a big advocate of metal straws.             So why, then, is this brand of girl, despite the fact that she is bubbly and trying to reduce her carbon footprint, mocked so mercilessly by the internet? Why are girls who previously wore scrunchies or big t-shirts finding new aesthetics in hopes of avoiding the VSCO association? What I’m saying is: Do VSCO girls deserve better?Because, tbh, there is nothing inherently wrong with liking scrunchies. I’d go so far as to say that everyone should make an effort to use fewer plastic straws, and big t-shirts are tremendously comfortable. So is this contempt for the VSCO stereotype (which is perpetuated through many cruel memes and general social mockery) just another excuse to shame girls? That's why I asked some teens what they really thought of the VSCO girl fad and its backlash. Here's what they had to say..."I think that whenever there is a concerted campaign to categorically mock women, we should be wondering what role misogyny is playing. I think we tend not to take women so seriously when it comes to the things they like and the things they care about. We see them as shallow and conformist. The VSCO girl meme is essentially a caricature of the frivolity of young, white, middle class women.On the other hand, people have a really unique relationship with viral internet content. The VSCO girl trend is not a product of pure contempt — it’s a mixture of judgement and admiration. The line between what we laugh at and what we emulate is blurry. Since the rise of the trend, I’ve seen bolder and more flagrant donning of scrunchies and toting of Hydroflasks. The VSCO girl is a fun character to dress up as, to imitate. We don’t hate her. Or if we do, we love her just as much. Of course, this doesn’t necessarily indicate that it’s a healthy or kind archetype to perpetuate, only that the mockery isn’t so clear-cut. It goes without saying that girls deserve better representation across all media — representation that supports positive self-image and self-expression. But the TikTok community doesn’t owe anything to anyone. It’s not a monolith and it’s not bound to any moral code. The onus is really on television, film, and news media — the culture-makers.I think the VSCO girl trend also makes it clear that young people are desperately seeking a language to talk about class—to talk about status symbols, marks of being middle income, and the perceived pettiness of social causes like 'saving the turtles.' I hope we find a better vernacular for these discussions than 'sksksksksk.'" —Abigail Sylvor Greenberg, 17"People think VSCO girls emerged this summer, but really the VSCO girl brand has existed for ages. I can recall going to summer camp in 2013, and everyone wore big t-shirts and had stainless steel water bottles.Now, TikTok memes about VSCO girls made those who originally had this aesthetic feel more self-conscious, and that either culminates in them distancing themselves slightly or entirely. Some of it is ridiculous – I don’t think I’ve ever seen anyone in real life wanting to save the turtles with metal straws.Also, it’s not funny anymore. It’s overdone, and the discourse surrounding it hasn’t expanded, so we keep getting the same tired jokes." —Chloe Alto, 16"When I think about it, I’ve never actually met a VSCO girl. Of course, I’ve seen them all over my social media accounts, but I have never actually come into contact or talked with one. Yet they are everywhere. People mock the stereotype of the quirky, scrunchie-wearing, hydroflask-toting VSCO girl without actually considering that there are real people behind this stereotype. I have come to realize that our generation’s brief but pervasive obsession with these girls reflects the fears that adults and researchers have about social media and its effect on teenagers. Not only does the obsession offer a display of the hive-mind nature of social media, but it's a realization of fears of cyber harassment as girls are mocked for their interests on an extremely broad scale." —Rachel Schreiber, 16"What started as a trend has now become a huge meme.  Some people embrace the title of 'VSCO girl', while others use it in a joking way.  It has become enough of a meme that people will dress up as VSCO girls and emulate their vocabulary for a day.  The internet exaggerated the changes in fashion and trends and made it something that people consider silly. Wearing 20 scrunchies on your arm is simply ridiculous. Sometimes, the internet takes trends to such an extreme place that they are no longer reasonable."—Anna Falcone, 17Sasha Tucker, 16, is a junior in high school at The Brearley School in Manhattan. She's also the editor-in-chief of her monthly school newspaper, The Zephyr. Any time she's not spending on the paper is spent working on technical theater. As of writing this, she's stage managing a production of The Importance of Being Earnest. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Read: a six pack of La Croix.As the wise Marnie Cromwell once said, Halloween is cool! Not only do you get to stuff your face with candy, sing along to those catchy Halloween songs, and watch the best Halloween movies on Disney Channel (read: Halloweentown), but you also get to plan an epic costume. Thinking of something on your own is fun to begin with, but it's even better when you coordinate a group Halloween costume with your whole entire crew. Whether you want grab inspo from your favorite TV show, movie, or pop culture references, we've got you covered. Here are the coolest group costumes that your whole group will freak for. Whether you love LaCroix or hate it – the Insta famous beverage makes for a pretty cute costume. Roll up with your besties as a full six pack of the bubbly drink. You can DIY this costume or snag a T-shirt online for a similar look. (Bonus points if you bring a case to pass out to party guests.) Shopping List:This outfit is easy for the whole squad to create with minimal purchase necessary. Split the bill on some metallic makeup, then share it amongst the group. Then, just dig through your closets to find anything iridescent, sparkly, or metallic. Shopping List:Everyone with a Netflix account with recognize this iconic costume. All you need is an orange jumpsuit and some combat boots to complete the look.Shopping List:Who is "A?" That's the million dollar question when it comes to the show Pretty Little Liars. Show up to your next Halloween party dressed in black hoodies. Of course, one person should wear a red, hooded trench coat. If you're standing alone at a party, it might be hard for people to know what you're dressed as, but together, the costume is totally Insta-worthy. Just think of all the clever captions you can come up with. Shopping List:If you're hoping to recreate that classic Barden Bellas look, you'll need a white collared shirt, a yellow bandana, a navy blue cardigan, and a pencil skirt. Don't forget to add your own twist to the look. Shopping List: Pick out a dress, cut out some foam, and rock your favorite social media platform. Shopping List: When it comes to originality and creativity, this costume idea is on the top of the list. Use headbands and construction paper to create the labels so everyone knows who you are!Shopping List: Remember, each color M&M has its own personality, so choose your color wisely. Shopping List:  Let each of your friends choose their favorite princess and go all out with their costume. You guys will look good whether you split up at the party or you're all together defining #princesssquadgoals. Shopping List: The key thing to remember here is, you must wear pink. Shopping List: I know your favorite boy band is on hiatus (insert tears here), but that doesn't mean you can't throwback to the glory days. Shopping List: This costume idea looks totally badass, and the best part is that it doesn't take much to recreate. Either shop a Teenage Mutant Ninja turtle dress or shirt and you're good to go!Shopping List: Everyone has a go-to emoji, so pick your favorite one and make a costume out of it. There are multiple ways to rock this DIY idea, but one method could involve cutting a piece of neon yellow poster board and then using string to hang it around your neck. Shopping List: Whether you want to dress up as Winnie the Pooh, Piglet, Tigger, or anyone else from The Hundred Acre Wood, a cute headband is a must. Check out your fave below, and make sure to grab a few for your squad.Shopping ListIn case you haven't watched A League of Their Own before, here's the breakdown. It takes place during World War II, when most men in the Unites States are away fighting. Because of this, baseball players aren't around to play, and so, an All-American Girls Baseball League is founded. Starring Tom Hanks, Geena Davis, Lori Petty, Madonna, Rosie O'Donnell, and more, this movie is going to make you laugh and want to play ball all at the same time. And if you're in love with the team's uniforms, you're definitely not alone. Lucky for you, you can buy the whole thing, hat, belt, and dress are all included. Shopping List: No matter how simple or complicated, your coffee order is, you can rock this costume! Basically just throw a Starbucks apron with jeans and a T-shirt. It's the easiest and most iconic 'stume you'll ever wear. Shopping List: 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Prince Charm-ing...get it? Dressing up as Jason or Freddy Krueger or any of those fictional killers for Halloween is so overrated. It's so much more fun to go for Halloween costume ideas that'll have people on the floor laughing. If you're the master of a good pun or can transform into a character from your favorite sitcom, then skip the scary costume and this time opt for something funny instead. You can dress up as everyone's favorite "cereal killer" or as the mascot from your go-to fast food chain. There's no way you won't win best-dressed with any of those funny costumes. If you're a guy on the hunt for what you'll wear this year, then you're in the right place. Here's a list of funny costumes for guys, though tbh anyone who knows how to own Halloween can make these work. If you're ready to take a trip down the Yellow Brick Road, then you might want to dress up at this interpretation of Dorothy from The Wizard of Oz. All you need is a plaid shirt and some red shoes to really complete the look. Make it your mission to get the "Assisting the Elderly" wilderness merit badge this Halloween by dressing up as Russell from Up. A yellow tank top and khaki shorts make this a pretty easy look to nail. If you really want to make your friends laugh, transform into Colonel Sanders. If you want to gain a ton of cool points, make sure you don't forget the fried chicken. Bob Belcher is your guy this Halloween. All you really need is his thick signature mustache and for your pleasure, go ahead and buy a big, greasy burger to complete the costume. The characters from Bob's Burgers are so easy to transform into. You don't need much. To become Teddy, just make sure you have that gray beanie he always has on. If you're ready for a wild ride, then hop on a dinosaur with this costume. There's no way you won't be the talk of the party wearing this. Pay homage to this cult classic by turning into Napoleon Dynamite himself. Bonus points if you can convince someone to tag along as  Pedro. You can literally be a walking prank for Halloween by dressing up as a whoopee cushion. This costume comes with a sound machine, but you can totally blame the noise on someone else in your group. You might freeze your butt off by dressing up like a sea star as winter's approaching, but a trip to Bikini Bottom is so worth it. Prepare your best banana puns because you can't wear this costume without making at least one joke.  As cheesy as it sounds, your friends will be so into it. Let others in on the joy of painting by dressing up as Bob Ross this Halloween. With a paint palette in hand, there's no way that any one won't be able to guess who you are. Put on your recreation pants and go to this year's Halloween party as Ignacio from Nacho Libre. Don't forget the wig and the mustache. The only thing better than Taco Tuesday is honoring your favorite food on Halloween. There's no way people won't be obsessed with your taco costume. If you're ready to wreak some ghostly havoc, then this is the Halloween costume for you this year. Just like the movie, this outfit is an absolute classic. Stranger Things season 3 absolutely owned 2019, so it's only right that you dress up as a member of the Scoops troop. You may not have Steve's hair, but you can definitely buy his uniform. If you're looking an excuse to go wild on Eggo waffles, then dress up as El this Halloween. Millie Bobby Brown would be so proud of you.  I'm not going to spoil Stranger Things for you, but let's just say that Hopper was the topic of conversation this season. If you want people to talk about your costume just as much as they did Hop, then he's your guy this year. There's no better way to tell your friends to "Look at this photograph," then by dressing up as Chad Kroeger from Nickelback this year. The song recently regained popularity after it was used in one of the president's tweets. Mario and Luigi costumes are funny classics that never go out of style. Whether you go as Mario or Luigi, there's no way you won't win Halloween. Spice up your Halloween by going as everyone's favorite hot sauce. Not only is sriracha the best condiment, but it also makes a pretty funny costume. There's no way you won't make people laugh by turning into a human-sized pizza. See if you can find a costume with all of your favorite toppings.Save the town from all the spooky creatures that come out during Halloween by becoming an elite Ghostbuster. See if anyone in your squad is down to join the team, too. See if your friends can spot you in a sea of people dressed up for Halloween by going as Waldo from the popular puzzle game. All you really need is the striped shirt and the matching hat. If you're a fan of Dunder Mifflin, then you have to dress up as the company's most loyal employee this year. The key to nailing the Dwight Schrute look is to make sure your clothes are a tiny bit oversized.  If you're a fan of rock and cult classics like Wayne's World, then it's only right you dress up as Wayne Campbell or his best friend Garth this year. The "cereal killer" costume never goes out of style and it's pretty simple to create. Just put some fake knives through a couple of small cereal boxes and wear them. To nail Steve Urkel's look, it's really all about the glasses and his signature suspenders. If you can get the voice down too, then you officially win at Halloween. This hilarious pun makes the perfect costume. There's no way people won't get it. You can make your own sash using print-outs of Lucky Charms labels.  What's funnier than a kale-loving Julius Caesar. You can be the superfood emperor by sticking a few pieces of kale to a toga costume. Live like a rockstar this Halloween by dressing up as Post Malone. The tattoos are a must, but be careful because some temporary tattoo pens last for way longer than a day.  If you dress up as Ashley O this Halloween, you'll definitely be "on a roll." Miley Cyrus absolutely killed the pop star role in her episode of Black Mirror. You probably started singing the theme song to yourself as soon as you saw this costume. So why not impress your friends by turning into the loud-mouthed, but lovable dad Fred Flinstone. If you want to keep it funny yet fashionable on Halloween, then grab a friend and turn into a pair of Gucci slides. You're guaranteed to win best costume. Here's a DIY tutorial. If you're looking for your golden ticket to make this Halloween the best one yet, then a Willy Wonka costume is perfect for you. Make sure you don't forget the chocolate bars. The movie Anchorman is pure comedy, but what's even funnier is you dressed up as Ron Burgundy for Halloween. Don't forget his signature side part. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Let the Halloweekend prep begin!You couldn't survive without your bff, so when it comes time for the party of the year, you need to have your best friend in toe. Know that that means? YUP, matching best friend Halloween costumes. Get creative with a unique two-person costume that truly represents your friendship. Are you and your bff whole snacks? Go as milk and cookies. Do you already dress like you're in a 1990s rom com? Pull off the plaid-clad duo Cher and Amber from the movie Clueless. You just need a costume that makes you both feel like your truest selves. To help you and your main figure it out, we've rounded up the most fun, extra, over-the-top costumes that will get you so pumped for Halloweekend. Look no further than this list for the coolest best friend Halloween costumes to copy for 2019. Grady Twins From "The Shining"What you need: blue dress ($45, halloweencostumes.com)Bad and Boujee What you need: leather motorcycle jacket, ($89, amazon.com), pink faux fur coat, ($54, amazon.com) What you need: Super Mario and Luigi Caps, ($12, amazon.com) What you need: t-shirt ($14, amazon.com), felt ($15, amazon.com)What you need: cowboy hat ($15, amazon.com), tulle tutu ($14, amazon.com) Happy Halloweekend from your two favorite villains 🃏♦️ . . . . . . . . #halloween #halloweekend #bestfriendcostumes #thejoker #thejokercosplay #harleyquinn #harleyquinncosplay #dccomics #dcuniverse #comicbooks #comicbookvillians #nerd #nerdgirl #cosplayersofinstagram #fashion #style #hair #makeup #halloweenmakeup #womensfashion #genderbendjoker #corset #bowtie #spacebuns #fall #fallfashionA post shared by  Reeka (@reeka_22) on Oct 29, 2017 at 5:54am PDTWhat you need: bow tie ($6, amazon.com), striped socks ($17, amazon.com)What you need: sprinkle t-shirt ($14, amazon.com), honeycomb ball ($7, amazon.com) Tis the season👯 #bestfriendcostumesA post shared by  Morgan Apter (@the_apter_party_2.0) on Oct 25, 2016 at 1:18pm PDTWhat you need: bunny ears headband ($9, amazon.com) We found this on Pinterest #fernandkoz 10/29/15A post shared by  Anna (@annajkozak) on Oct 29, 2015 at 5:51pm PDTWhat you'll need: t-shirt dress ($19, amazon.com), cardstock ($8, amazon.com)  Netflix and chill anyone?! Not sure what to be for Halloween….we’re here to help! Click link in bio for 10 BFF and college roomie costume ideas! 🎃A post shared by  Brooklyn and Bailey (@brooklynandbailey) on Oct 3, 2018 at 2:06pm PDTWhat you need: t-shirt ($15, amazon.com), ($17, amazon.com)What you need: stuffed dog ($9, amazon.com), necktie ($7, amazon.com)A post shared by @amberjosephine_ on Oct 28, 2017 at 11:43am PDTWhat you need: baseball t-shirt ($18, amazon.com)A post shared by ʟɪᴢ ᴜʀiʙe ✧ (@liz_uribe98) on Oct 29, 2017 at 10:09am PDTWhat you need: bow tie ($10, amazon.com), hair ribbon ($8, amazon.com) No filter💁🏻👻🌈A post shared by  sophia d'amico (@sophiadamico) on Oct 31, 2016 at 8:56pm PDTWhat you need: dog ears and nose set ($14, amazon.com), face paint ($14, amazon.com)What you need: face paint ($14, amazon.com), bunny ears ($8, amazon.com)Lizzie and Miranda from Lizzie McGuireA post shared by Melanie Broussalian (@meltheresa) on Oct 28, 2017 at 1:38pm PDTWhat you need: fuzzy scrunchies ($9, amazon.com) @maggietriplett is the #MeredithGrey to my #CristinaYang. #Shesmyperson #Greysanatomy #mdforthenight #phdforthenight #MDandPhD #GreysHalloween #imadoctor #bestfriendcostumesA post shared by  Lydia Tinsley (@awkward_lima_bean) on Oct 31, 2015 at 3:58pm PDTWhat you need: scrubs ($18, amazon.com) Can you guess who these lovely ladies are supposed to be for Halloween? Yep, Cookie and Anika from EMPIRE! They've nailed the look! Repost: @chicago.samantha "Boo Boo Kitty came for a visit." Who will you and your besties be? #cookieforhalloween #Empire #HalloweenA post shared by  Brown Girl Besties (@browngirlbesties) on Oct 30, 2015 at 7:54pm PDTWhat you need: pearl earrings and necklace ($9, amazon.com)What you need: fox ears ($16, amazon.com), cat hat ($12, amazon.com) A potato and her potato sack. #friendcostumes #halloweenA post shared by  Caitlin Gagnon (@confusenthuse) on Oct 30, 2015 at 7:53pm PDTWhat you need: felt ($7, amazon.com), kraft paper ($18, amazon.com) #Dorothy followed the #yellowbrickroad all the way to the #emeraldcity! #bestfriendcostumes #wizardofoz #halloweencostume #followme #followfollowfollow #handmade #painted #acrylic #trunkortreat #yellow #noflyingmonkeys #somewhereovertheeainbow 👠🌈A post shared by  Katie Bosler (@kabosler) on Oct 31, 2015 at 7:11pm PDTWhat you need: felt ($9, amazon.com)A post shared by Melissa 🌙 (@m.chang2) on Jun 18, 2018 at 5:12am PDTWhat you need: round glasses ($10, amazon.com) You complete me💕👯 @afink9 #happyhalloween #twins // photo: @hkaitzA post shared by  LUCIE FINK MORRIS (@luciebfink) on Oct 31, 2017 at 12:50pm PDTWhat you need: iron-on fabric letters ($9, amazon.com) "Contrariwise, if it was so, it might be; and if it were so, it would be; but as it isn't, it ain't. That's logic." #tweedledeeandtweedledum #aliceinwonderland #bestfriendcostumes #fallfestivalA post shared by  Jessica Cabrera (@jessscabrera) on Oct 29, 2016 at 7:39pm PDTWhat you need: blue bow tie ($6, amazon.com), white suspenders ($9, amazon.com) My main betch #cruelladeville #Dalmatian #bestfriendcostumesA post shared by  Dana (DiGiacomo) O'Keefe (@hairby_dana) on Oct 26, 2013 at 8:28pm PDTWhat you need: feather boa ($10, amazon.com) Can you Guess Who, it's a mystery! Happy Halloween! Best best friend costumes ever!! @samanthamarineauA post shared by  Brianna (@brigors18) on Nov 1, 2013 at 7:52am PDTWhat you need: felt ($7, amazon.com) #halloween #costume #bubblegum #gumball #popcorn #cute #teamcomestible #gumballmachine #gumballcostumeA post shared by  Angèle 🧘🏼‍♀️🌱 (@likesugarandspice) on Oct 29, 2015 at 6:35pm PDTWhat you need: pompoms ($7, amazon.com) In an alternate Harry Potter universe, Hermione and Malfoy hook up. #hermionegranger #dracomalfoy #HarryPotterCostumeA post shared by  Tora Williams (@torawilliams) on Nov 1, 2014 at 7:46am PDTWhat you need: Harry Potter house tie ($15, amazon.com) "I could help you cross the street, or your yard or your porch!" CackawA post shared by  Marie 🍒 (@comfortablynumb1403) on Oct 31, 2014 at 8:57am PDTWhat you need: balloons ($11, amazon.com) @hellojujubabe #mermaidmanandbarnacleboy #carverhalloween #bestfriendcostumesA post shared by  Jessica Gomes Carver (@thatcurlynailtech) on Oct 31, 2015 at 9:49pm PDTWhat you need: sailor hat ($5, amazon.com), latex gloves ($6, amazon.com)What you need: black bow tie ($4, amazon.com) When your heat game is on point #theheat #mullins #ashburn #halloween #costumes #costumeideas #friendcostumes @melissamccarthy @sandrabullockigA post shared by  Heidi Purrington (@heidi.purr) on Nov 3, 2015 at 9:57pm PSTWhat you need: handcuffs ($6, amazon.com) A minions Halloween! #minions #suspenders #friendcostumesA post shared by  Emily Marie Cacho (@cachoemily) on Oct 31, 2015 at 8:05am PDTWhat you need: goggles ($9, amazon.com) "She wears short skirts. I wear t-shirts. She's cheer captain, and I'm on the bleachers." 🎙🎙🎙#TSwift #bffcostumesA post shared by  Hannah Steinkopf-Frank (@hsteinkopffrank) on Oct 29, 2016 at 9:49pm PDTWhat you need: glasses ($10, amazon.com) Just in case you missed @jackiegiardina and I's 90's inspired costumes, here's another #bff #costumeidea to try with pieces you already have in your closet. #halloween #costumes #halloweencostumes #90s #clueless #asif #stripes #wiw #ootd #style #bffcostumes #gingercostumes #redheadcostumes #tfdiarieshalloween #jackieandmegantakeontheir30sA post shared by  Megan Zietz | Content Creator (@meganzietz) on Oct 10, 2016 at 6:51am PDTWhat you need: faux fur scrunchie ($2, amazon.com) Best Friends  We’re going to be talking about friendship a lot in the next few weeks. It can be hard and complicated, but if you’ve got a good one, celebrate that friendship with a best friend costume! #bestfriendcostumes #bffgoals #bffcostumesA post shared by  The Girls With Glasses (@thegirlswithglasses) on Oct 5, 2018 at 10:09am PDTWhat you need: cardboard ($12, amazon.com) Cookies and Milk A post shared by Buffalo Exchange (@buffaloexchange) on Oct 20, 2018 at 2:41pm PDTWhat you need: cookies and milk costume, ($34, amazon.com) Yin and YangA post shared by Heartlyn Rae (@heartlynrae) on Oct 31, 2015 at 8:25pm PDTWhat you need: black paint, ($5, amazon.com) 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You can still buy their entire outfit online.You know that awkward moment when you show up to a party with your best friend and realize you're both wearing the exact same outfit? Now imagine that happening with your mom. You're now living in Gigi Hadid's reality. Yep, the supermodel just had an epic twinning moment with her mom Yolanda Hadid. The two were photographed wearing the exact same outfit from head to toe. Back in September, Gigi stepped out during New York Fashion Week in a luxury cashmere set from Naked Cashmere. She styled it with a sporty cropped tee and an emerald green box bag.Four weeks later, her mom Yolanda was photographed wearing the same sweater and joggers. The only difference: she paired hers with silvery hoops and sneaker-boots. Both their cowl neck sweater and their joggers are still available to purchase on the Naked Cashmere website in oatmeal and in black. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Get your glue guns ready! Picking out the perfect Halloween costume is the ultimate test of outfit planning. It needs to be trendy, but not so trendy that everyone else will be wearing the same thing. It needs to be affordable, because come on, you're only wearing it once. And of course, you need to feel good in it. And there's no better way to check off all those boxes than by DIYing a costume costume yourself.Homemade Halloween costumes allow for major creativity. Think: that bagged costume from the store, but taken up 5 notches. DIY costumes are also the perfect excuse to repurpose those old pieces hanging in your closet that you haven't worn in years. Take a pair of scissors to that worn out floral dress and before you know it, you'll have a brand new costume. Get a head start on picking out your Halloween look for this year with these easy, cool, and creative homemade Halloween costumes that you can do yourself – after a trip to your local craft store, that is. Right up ahead, get all the inspo you need for everything from DIY alien costumes to the coolest handmade unicorn looks you can craft yourself. If you want to channel the VSCO girl trend, dupe this epic DIY Hydroflask costume. Bonus points if you customize with "save the turtles" stickers. What you need: Oversized Hydroflask Logo Tee, ($35, Hydroflask.com)This is the type of costume most people won't get, but the ones who do will freak out over the genius of it. Try this easy DIY costume of "The Tethered" from the Jordan Peele hit horror movie, Us. What you need: Red Jumpsuit, ($98, Asos.com) Scissors, ($11, Amazon.com) Who knew cotton candy could look this chic? Get the full breakdown of how to bring this costume to life here. What you need: Painter's Touch 2X Ultra Cover, ($10, Amazon.com)A post shared by Cookie (@cookiecorp_) on May 9, 2019 at 3:31pm PDTPair this half-and-half wig with a slinky black dress (I know you already have one hanging in your closet) and you'll be twinning with Cruella herself. What you need: Rubie's Costume Ms. Spot Wig, ($11, Amazon.com) A post shared by Hannah Jackson (@hannymichelle27) on Aug 22, 2019 at 10:02am PDTThis costume is all about the glam. Wear your shiniest piece, put your hair (or, a neon wig) up into space buns, then go all out with jewels and sparkle.What you need: Clear Rhinestone Stickers, ($4, Amazon.com), Mia Holographic Metallic High Waist Mini Skirt, ($14, Boohoo.com)This punny costume can be done as a group or solo. Throw on your animal print with some old party gear to get this fun look. What you need: Fun Rainbow Birthday Party Foil Cone Hats, ($6 for 12, Amazon.com), Leopard Print Satin Wrap Midi Skirt, (22, Boohoo.com.)A post shared by Brit + Co (@britandco) on Oct 9, 2018 at 11:55am PDTAchieve the avo-toast look with just a few supplies from your local craft store. Oh and don't forget the extra Sriracha! Get all the steps on how to make it here. What you need: tan felt and green felt, ($0.39, michaels.com) A post shared by SSG 💕 (@stephy.snaps) on Oct 29, 2016 at 1:31pm PDTYou're movin' with your auntie and uncle in Bel-Air! Try going thrifting for a boujee fit worthy of the Banks family, then get yourself an old-school flip phone for a fun accessory.What you need: Blazer, ($95, nordstrom.com), Quilted Bag, ($195, rebeccaminkoff.com), Inflatable Cell Phone, ($8, amazon.com)A post shared by Shannon Grace (@itsshannongrace) on Apr 26, 2019 at 5:23am PDTIf you're crazy in love with Queen Bey, give her Coachella look a try. Her look is easy to pull together and gives you an excuse to sing Beyonce songs all night long. What you need: microphone, ($3, amazon.com) Iron on Letters, ($8, amazon.com) It doesn't matter if you call it soda, pop, or fizz, these matching bottle costumes are adorable and perfect for a bff costume.What you need: white felt, ($9, amazon.com), pie tin ($16, amazon.com), hem tape ($5, amazon.com)A post shared by Cyn (@hotpinkpineapples) on Oct 11, 2018 at 8:30am PDTGo for a V Day look on Halloween and dress up like everyone's least favorite (but most adorable) candy. What you need: long cardboard box, ($15, amazon.com) red acrylic paint, ($5, amazon.com), white acrylic paint, ($4, amazon.com), solid styrofoam hearts, ($14, amazon.com)A post shared by Boojie Bri 💋 (@briboojie) on Oct 31, 2018 at 1:44pm PDTThis costume is a mood we can all relate to (swipe right to see what's in the fridge). All you need is a cardboard box, some snacks, and magnets. What you need: magnets, ($17, amazon.com), long cardboard box, ($15, amazon.com)A post shared by alyssa coscarelli (@alyssainthecity) on Oct 29, 2016 at 5:27pm PDTDIY by printing a jumbo IG logo on computer paper and pulling together a vintage librarian inspired look from your closet. Don't forget to post it to your Instagram Stories afterward. What you need: cat-eye glasses ($139.95, vogue-eyewear.com)A Spice Girls tribute is the perfect group Halloween costume. Pull from what you already have in your closet and don't forget to make the DJ play "Wannabe."What you need: track pants, ($80, amazon.com), British flag dress, ($35, amazon.com) A post shared by Tiffany (@alwaysinhighheels) on Oct 31, 2018 at 3:32pm PDTA costume that requires a real life dog? Yes, please! Cover yourself in live (or stuffed) dogs for a hilariously cute DIY Halloween costume. What you need: hair rollers, ($10, sephora.com), bathrobe, ($79, bloomingdales.com)Dress up like iconic superstar Carmen Miranda, nicknamed "The Brazilian Bombshell." She was known for her dramatic  head dresses, which makes for a perfect costume. This look is easy to assemble so fab. What you need: (artificial fruit, $14, amazon.com) A post shared by Justine Huxley (@justinehuxley) on Oct 31, 2018 at 6:35pm PDTThis costume look is very straightforward and easy to achieve. And don't worry – if the balloons pop, just tell them you're a raisin. What you need: violet balloons, ($12, amazon.com), green french beret, ($14, villagehatshop.com)A post shared by r o s i e c l a y t o n (@rclayton) on Oct 31, 2018 at 7:18pm PDTNo party is complete without a stellar disco ball. Bring that same energy to your Halloween costume, thanks to this epic DIY.What you need: holographic bird tape, ($11, amazon.com)A post shared by Sam Ushiro (@aww.sam) on Oct 25, 2018 at 8:39am PDTI can guarantee no one else will have this costume. Find out how to make it here.  What you need: green, yellow, and pink foam sheets ($0.99, michael's.com) A post shared by Jen Pinkston (@jenpinkston) on Oct 29, 2018 at 10:59am PDT"I wish I could bake a cake full of sunshine and rainbows and we'd all eat it and be happy." You can't do that, but you can wear it as your costume. What you need: felt, ($25, amazon.com), headband, ($14, franceluxe.com)A post shared by Breanna Freed✨ (@beeefreed) on Oct 24, 2018 at 6:38pm PDTThis costume is for the girly girl who screams for ice cream. Pull a white dress and fem heels from your closet, then add the sprinkles! What you need: tulle skirt, ($56, asos.com) party cone hat, ($10, etsy.com), neon construction paper, ($5, target.com)Get together with your girls and form the Three Blind Mice with nothing more than sunglasses and a set of ears. What you need: black tutu, ($12, amazon.com), black sunglasses, ($99, chimieyewear.com), black bodysuit, ($72, wearcommando.com)A post shared by Jennifer Heal (@jenniferheal) on Oct 30, 2018 at 6:16pm PDTThere's truly nothing better than a steaming bowl of ramen. Rep the most delicious dish on Halloween. What you need: three white styrofoam blocks, ($6, amazon.com), sheet of green craft foam, ($6, amazon.com), acrylic paint kit ($10, amazon.com), yellow yarn ($8, amazon.com)Grab your best friend and a glue gun to perfect this super easy DIY look.   What you need: white felt alphabet letters, ($7, amazon.com)A post shared by Courtney Quinn (@colormecourtney) on Oct 26, 2018 at 3:11pm PDTYou can dupe this classic Disney character's style with stuff already in your closet. All you need is a white dress and a red blazer. Just add a blue bow, clock bag, and bunny ears. Get the full how-to here.What you need: blue bow ($10, amazon.com), clock bag ($15, amazon.com), bunny ears ($7, amazon.com).Having a chip on your shoulder might not always be a bad thing. This simple but funny halloween costume will certainly leave everyone wishing they came up with it first.What you need: yellow construction paper ($3, michaels.com)Hallelujah! It's raining men! What better way to show off all your celeb crushes than with a funny and unique Halloween costume that's super easy to pull off.What you need: fishing line ($7, amazon.com)Probably not the spice girls that you're looking for, but still just as adorable whether you do it solo or as a group.What you need: red poster board ($1, michaels.com)All you need is a bag of water, a fake fish to fake kill, some head gear, and Darla's iconic pigtails. DIY her braces out of craft wire.What you need: craft wire ($4, amazon.com)Bringing your favorite snapchat filter to life. One bonus of this costume: the rainbow is actually a party blower! Get all the steps on how to make it here. What you need: crepe paper ($11, amazon.com), party blowers ($6, amazon.com)More: Our Favorite Snapchat Costumes to Rock This HalloweenA post shared by Kelly Mindell (@studiodiy) on Oct 30, 2016 at 4:53pm PDTShow up to the costume party lookin' like a whole snack – literally. Get all the steps on how to make it here. What you need: white computer paper, ($9, amazon.com), yellow spray paint, ($4, michaels.com)Snap Queens, this is the look for you. Use floral tape to attach your most Snapchat-y flowers to a halo of wire, then throw on your cutest outfit. You'll take over everyone's stories. Check out the tutorial here.What you need: flowers ($5, michaels.com)Related: 5 Cool DIY Halloween Crowns That Are Better Than a CostumePaper dolls come in all kinds of designs and patterns so you can really show your personality off with this unique costume. Find out how to make it here. What you need: foam board ($21, amazon.com)Already have a tube dress that you're not sure what to do with? Well, add some tulle and become the biggest bath puff there is. This is a simple and fun costume that will certainly help you stand out. Find out how to make it here.What you need: tulle ($13, amazon.com), white rope ($5, amazon.com)This super simple halloween costume just involves one quick trip to the craft store to get some styrofoam domes, some spray paint, and a white t-shirt. If you're up to it, add a blue wig and you'll look like Katy Perry in one of her most famous costumes. Find out how to make it here. What you need: styrofoam half circle ($6, amazon.com), spray paint ($10, amazon.com), white t-shirt ($5, amazon.com)This costume is so easy to put together and it includes stuff that you mostly have around your house! Just take a clear celophane bag and cut out holes for your arms and legs. Then blow up some colorful balloons and add them into the bag. When you're all set, just tie the bag up with a ribbon around your neck.What you need: assorted color balloons ($11, amazon.com), clear trash bags ($10, amazon.com)Why not go as the one thing that everyone looks forward to on Halloween? Chocolate. Grab a hula hoop, aluminum foil and some tape to create the dress. Use paper to create your cone and cover it in more foil. Print out the label and glue it on your hat to complete the look!What you need: aluminum foil ($10, amazon.com), cardstock paper, ($8, amazon.com), hula hoop ($26, amazon.com)Want to go as something simple and creative? Then grab a white t-shirt and jeans from your closet and add some black tape to it. Get the full how-to here.What you need: black duct tape ($7, amazon.com), white cardstock paper, ($8, amazon.com), Sharpie markers ($6, amazon.com)You'll be surprised just how easy this one is. Using fabric glue, secure cotton balls onto a white dress and knit hat from your closet. Throw on a black long sleeve and some leggings to complete the look. Find out how to make it here. What you need: white knit hat ($10, amazon.com), cotton balls ($10, amazon.com), fabric glue ($12, amazon.com)It's likely that you'll never get the chance to actually be on the show, but you can still pretend like you were. What you need: t-shirt ($5, amazon.com), bicycle helmet ($25, amazon.com), yellow spray paint ($4, amazon.com), transfer paper ($6, amazon.com)Huge fan of La Croix? Dress up as your favorite drink for Halloween. All you need a long tan shirt, some metallic paint, and transfer sheets. Find out how to make it here. What you need: tan t-shirt ($7, amazon.com), metallic acrylic paint ($22, amazon.com), transfer paper ($6, amazon.com)Just take a black t-shirt and leggings and use a glue gun to glue some white felt circles on your costume. It's as easy as that!What you need: felt circles ($9, amazon.com)Dress up like your favorite meal in a strangely cute burger costume. All you need for this one is a tan dress and some felt. Find out how to make it here. What you need: felt ($8, amazon.com)Already got a white, brown, or pink dress in your closet? Then you've got half of this costume set up. Snag just a few items from the craft store for the whipped cream hat and then you'll be all set for your next big Halloween party.What you need: red balloons ($9, amazon.com), construction paper ($15, amazon.com), cotton batting ($9, amazon.com)You'll rule Wonderland with this costume. All you need is a deck of cards, a red dress, and some gold and red construction paper to create your crown. Get the full how-to here. What you need: deck of cards ($3, amazon.com), construction paper ($15, amazon.com)"She doesn't even go here." That's exactly what you'll be saying all night long with this super easy costume. All you need a hoodie and some sunglasses and you're good to go. If you don't feel like saying the quote all night long (or if you feel people won't get it right away), write the quote down on a piece of paper. What you need: hoodie ($15, amazon.com), sunglasses ($5, amazon.com)Take your candle obsession to the next level. It might look hard to make, but it's actually super easy and only needs supplies that you can easily find at a nearby craft store. Click  here for the full tutorial. What you need: foam sheet ($27, amazon.com)This adorable disguise is proof that you can put off planning your outfit until the day of Halloween and still win Best Costume. Just hot glue some pieces of yarn to a green dress and stick some flowers on a headband. Done! Click here for the full tutorial.What you need: white yarn ($6, amazon.com), flowers ($5, amazon.com)Everything in your life is unicorn from the frappuccino in your cup to the hair on your head, so why not transform into your truest form on Halloween? Check out the tutorial here.What you need: flower crown ($7, amazon.com)Even though this adorable 'stume looks like it requires a lot of effort, it's actually pretty easy to dupe. All you need is a hot glue gun, a pillow, and some felt. Get the tutorial here.What you need: felt ($13, amazon.com)Twin with your dog in a fruity costume that takes two minutes to make. Just add some felt to your dress and you're good to go!What you need: black felt ($10, amazon.com)Any costume that requires hundreds of pom poms is absolutely a good idea. Just glue them onto a little red dress, then add a swatch of felt for the quarter slot. Find out how to dupe this look here. What you need: pom poms ($7, amazon.com)You'll definitely stand out in this metallic costume. Get the tutorial here.What you need: gold ribbon ($7, amazon.com)You are what you eat, amiright?! Click here for all the info on how to craft this cute look.What you need: cardstock ($9, amazon.com)You've always been a mermaid on the inside – get you a costume that shows it. Click here for the how-to. What you need: shells ($10, amazon.com)Related: 16 Stunning DIY Mermaid Costumes What Will Make You Feel So MagicalChannel your inner basic in this adorable Starbucks costume. Just glue that iconic logo into a coffee-colored dress, then top it with a healthy dose of whip (a feather boa). Use an empty paper towel roll as a straw. Find out more here. What you need: feather boa ($9, amazon.com)Girl are you a fruit? Because you look like a fineapple! If you're cool with hearing that pickup line all night, try this adorbs costume. Get the tutorial here. What you need: green poster board ($17, amazon.com)Load up your hair with fake snakes and go ham on the contour to get this stunning look. Check out the tutorial here. What you need: fake snakes ($7, amazon.com)Spiders are a creepy Halloween staple. If you're not nursing a phobia, get all the steps on how to make it here.What you need: black fleece ($7 per yard, amazon.com)		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She's flaunting boo-tay.Last night, Camila Cabello made an appearance on SNL, singing her brand new song "Easy" – which, btw, was probably (definitely) written about Shawn Mendes. While she didn't walk on the ceiling like Billie Eilish, Camila still made a major splash with her rendition. The pop star took the famous Saturday Night Live stage in a super sexy plunging slip dress with not one, but TWO super high thigh slits. It seems to be a theme, because one of the last times she was spotted with Shawn Mendes, Camila was wearing another thigh-slit dress.Camila was flaunting side boob and a little bit of booty – homegirl looked hot. Long story short, if anyone needs Shawn Mendes for the next couple of hours, he's probably watching this video on a loop.  Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Justin needs to open an Etsy shop ASAP. Justin Bieber has officially gone from designing smiley face-clad streetwear to making jewelry by hand. The pop singer shared a picture of his creation on Instagram, proving that just one week after his wedding, he's already the sweetest husband on the planet. In the pic, you can see a brown and yellow beaded necklace dangling from the neck of his new wife Hailey Baldwin. "I made her necklace," he captioned the photo.The colors are fully on-brand for the Biebs, considering his entire clothing line House of Drew plays off of the same color scheme. In related news: I will be starting an official petition for JB to open an Etsy shop, so that I can buy one for myself.Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			We stan a sneaker moment.Hailey Baldwin and Justin Bieber may have had the most extra wedding of the century. Hailey walked down the aisle in a "TILL DEATH DO US PART"-branded veil from Off-White, Justin wore diamond-encrusted grills to match Hailey's wedding band, and the bride wore sneakers with one of her TWO reception dresses. It truly doesn't get more millennial than this. Both of Hailey's reception looks have just been revealed, thanks to her stylist Maeve Reilly. Hailey wore a simplistic Vera Wang slip dress with matching white sneakers, a huge departure from the traditional lace wedding gown and veil she wore to the ceremony.  The happiest bride I ever did see 😍 Thank you @verawanggang for @haileybieber custom dress she danced the night away in.  And yes duh- sneakersA post shared by  Maeve Reilly (@stylememaeve) on Oct 11, 2019 at 11:17am PDT"The happiest bride I ever did see 😍," Maeve wrote on Instagram. "Thank you @verawanggang for @haileybieber custom dress she danced the night away in. And yes duh- sneakers." Maeve also posted a full photo of Hailey's other reception dress – you know, the one that looks just like Meghan Markle's? The gown is a custom-made ruched halter dress with a major thigh slit by Ralph and Russo, which Hailey paired with $795 Jimmy Choo pumps.   Happy Bride X3 in Custom @ralphandrusso Gown @jimmychoo & @tiffanyandco #ProudStylistA post shared by  Maeve Reilly (@stylememaeve) on Oct 11, 2019 at 4:31pm PDTShe didn't have to go that hard for us (read: wear three different wedding dresses), which is why we truly stan this style icon. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Love that for her.Ashley Benson is going through a time of transformation and personal growth – in her hair. The Pretty Little Liars actress abandoned her signature blonde waves in favor of a new, chocolatey brunette 'do just five days ago. Less than a week later, she's changing up her look once again. Yesterday, Ashley posed for an adorable mirror selfie, wearing nothing but a bra and underwear set from The Kit. But even the beautiful body of Ashley Benson couldn't distract from the foot of hair she acquired seemingly overnight. Here's the before:And this is the afer:Even though she gave up the bleach blonde hue she's been rocking for the past like five years, the extra inches still stay true to her laid-back vibe. The extensions have a subtle ombre effect, fading to a lighter shade of caramel towards the ends.Love that for her.  Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Take notes y'all. From bath robe-inspired jackets to lazy-girl sweats, Gigi Hadid take any trend and make you want to buy it ASAP. Ahead, check out all her best street style moments throughout the years that you'll probably end up copying the next time you get dressed. As further proof that there's nothing she can't pull off, Gigi just stepped out in a full, head-to-toe tie dye outfit. She wore a blue-splotched hoodie with matching joggers, then added a button-up shirt and Reeboks. You can shop both tie dye pieces on the Bandier website.Good morning to Gigi Hadid's extensions only. The model unveiled inches on inches for the 2019 CFDAs. On top of that beauty moment, she brought a whole look, wearing an artsy belt bag and blazer with a skirt-meets-pants situation – a beautifully abstract ensemble that could only be designed by Louis Vuitton's Virgil Abloh. Dust off your middle school polo collection, because Gigi Hadid just brought them back to life. She wore a tangerine Ralph Lauren version – with the collar popped, no less – and a matching midi skirt to a party with Maybelline. Gigi just beat her record for craziest outfit in a Pepto pink sweater, metallic printed pants, and a sleeping bag with arms. I aspire to be this level of extra. If anyone ever makes you feel guilty for wearing leggings as pants, just show them this majorly chic pic of Gigi. It's all the evidence you need. While promoting her new shoe collection with Stuart Weitzman, Gigi walked the red carpet in an all-white ensemble tied together with what's basically a fluffy bath robe. I'm living for this level of comfy. Forever on-trend, Gigi rocked a massive puffer coat in a majorly trendy hue. She glammed it up with futuristic sunglasses and a ribbed sweater with striped track pants. This sunny look is making me want to replace the piles of black in my closet for glowing yellow. Thanks for the shopping inspo, Gigi!Gigi just made those weird pants your 2nd grade crush used to wear look cool again. She paired her probably very loud windbreaker pants with a simple turtleneck, strappy heels, and angular shades. Gigi Hadid has just accomplished the seemingly impossible mission we've all been on since the age of six: finding Baby Spice's sky-high platform sneakers. The model killed the retro look, pairing her statement kicks with a Prada tee and leather skinnies. Well, the just-rolled-out-of-bed look will never be the same again. Gigi dominated in a silky pajama-inspired jumpsuit and green accessories with zero makeup. It's not even October yet but Gigi is already channeling the spirit of Winnie Sanderson. Her pointed toe shoes and fur bag add a ~witchy~ touch to a classic jeans-and-a-white-tee combo. Gigi Hadid is like the 2017 version of Cinderella, but instead of mice sewing her a ball gown, a team of spiders spun this delicate mesh top for her. At any rate, the spiders did a great job and this outfit is crazy cute. The best way to amp up your crop top game: wear two. Gigi doubled up on teeny tops, then paired the duo with vintage-y patchwork jeans and cool shades.Laid-back button-ups are Gigi's specialty, which is great for anyone trying to steal her style. Dupe this look with cropped jeans of your own – and if you don't have any, just chop those old flares you never wear. I'm beginning to think that Gigi's closet is literally just a room full of mom jeans – and honestly I'm jealous af. She paired her faves with an androgynous button-up and the most badass booties you've ever seen. As a dedicated lipstick-wearer, Gigi basically matched her entire outfit to her fave lippie: bright red. She rocked red shoes, a red crop, and red lipstick with denim staples to tie it all together.  This Western-inspired look is cooler than I ever thought pink could be. Thank you, Gigi for blessing us with this outfit and teaching us that you can look like a total badass while wearing pink from head to toe. Over the weekend, Gi stepped out looking like a shimmery blush palette in an embellished all-over tube top and floaty bronze trousers. The orange-y goodness didn't stop there – the mega model rocked a subtly smoky terra cotta eye to pull the look together. This bold bright shade is shaping up to be one of summer's hottest colors and if you don't believe me, just ask Gigi's pants. Per usual, the model added a bit of retro flare to her fit with a '70s-inspired denim jacket and cat eye sunnies. Pinterest's hottest trend just got the Gigi Hadid treatment! She paired powder blue paper bag pants with a matching slouchy sweater and yet another mini bag.G put a throwback spin on her signature crop top-jeans-booties equation. She rocked an old-school Nickelodeon Studios sweatshirt that my 9-year-old self would have killed for. Gigi's pant game has been on point lately and it just took a major turn – towards the zoo, to be specific. The model rocked a pair of striped trousers with – SURPRISE! – a peek-a-boo giraffe on them. She totally pulled off the look, pairing the safari-friendly pants with a white crop and tangerine-colored sunnies. As a professional outfit-wearer, Gigi can pull off anything – including the 2017 version of those zip-off-at-the-knee pants from your childhood. Her all-white ensemble was anything but boring with these negative space booty short-jeans. Yes, you can take this laid-back look as a sign that you never need to wear real clothes again. Just go ahead and stay in your pajamas, Gigi Hadid approves.There are three things all items in Gigi's closet must have: massive thigh slits, a subtle anthleisure vibe, and some kind of eye-grabbing detail. This super fancy sweatsuit checks off all three. But that level of slayage doesn't come cheap – the Sally LaPointe set costs $4,100. 😳Think a pair of pants can't be shorts too? Gigi is here to prove you oh so wrong. She wore barely-there trousers while out and about in NYC, thoroughly confusing/enthralling the world.  This look is basically what Barbie would wear if she became a motorcycle-riding extra in Grease.Like the wonderful gf that she is, Gi wore her BF's face for V-Day Z-Day. It looks like this is becoming her signature, because she pulled a similar move on Zayn's birthday.  Wearing off-the-shoulder coats is a fave celeb style trick. Gigi rocked the trend times two, with an oversized white top hanging off her shoulder, layered under a marshmallow coat that's also off-the-shoulder. Gigi's fav outfit recipe: cropped sweatshirt, cool duster, mom jeans, and metallic sunnies. Add accessories when needed. All-over stripes are an easy way to spiced up a black/white/gray wardrobe. The look is classic, but totally non-boring. These sweats look runway ready thanks to Gigi's reflective shades and fashion-y coat. It looks like the Gi is rocking four different layers on top? It's weirdly amazing. Snakeskin, studs, lace, brocade – there's nothing Gigi can't rock. "If you make me leave my bed, I'm wearing pajamas." – Gigi probzThe best way to make a white tee and jeans look fashion af: add glitter shoes, a funky coat, and some statement shades. This chunky jacket perfectly balances out Gigi's massive flares – retro perfection. Once again, G schools you in wearing pajamas in public. Note to self: a trendy coat and over-the-top sunglasses make sweats look like real clothes. Gigi made all-white look totally wearable with pops of skin and an army green duster jacket. (Related: is there a duster that Gigi doesn't own?)Chunky pink sunnies add a futuristic twist to these patent leather tent pants. Gigi's grungy statement jacket keeps her all-black OOTD from looking boring. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She has them in four different colors.  Bella Hadid's closet is basically a time machine back to 1995. The supermodel virtually lives in crop tops, hoop earrings, micro sunnies, and Dr. Martens, but there's one '90s staple that has become her signature: the Dickies Girl Carpenter Pant.  Bella loves them so much, in fact, that she owns the grunge '90s staple in four different colors. She's been spotted wearing them in yellow, paired up with a white tank and Converse. She owns them in red, styling them with a shrunken graphic tee. And on top of that, she has two different denim styles. Yep, she's obsessed.Even though the skater favorites have been worn by every style star in Hollywood, from Sabrina Carpenter to Emily Ratajkowski, they're surprisingly budget-friendly. Bella's red and yellow pants ring in at only $50, while the blue jean versions she's wearing above are only $60. You can also shop them on Amazon if you're about that Prime life.Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			From one HP expert to another. For most people, Halloween is a time for candy and costume parties. For Potterheads, it's the one day – well, fine a full week – a year that you can pull off dressing up like your favorite Harry Potter character and not get weird looks from strangers on the street. Now, you've probably already dressed as Harry, Ron, and/or Hermione for at least one Halloween celebration, so it's time to really up your fandom game. As a lifelong Potterhead and Seventeen's official HP expert, I am uniquely qualified to help you on this magical Halloween-related journey. So, to help you pick out a killer DIY costume (and partially because I just really like falling into nerd wormholes) I sifted through a bunch of Halloween hashtags to find the most unique, obscure Harry Potter costume ideas only die-hard fans will get.Ahead, epic costumes inspired by the best characters, Patronuses, fantastic beasts, ghosts from the movies and books. A post shared by JAREMI CAREY (@phiphiohara) on Oct 8, 2019 at 6:01am PDTRecreate one of the most iconic moments in Harry Potter history: the time Hermione drank Polyjuice Potion and accidentally turned into a cat. What you'll need: Wolf Ear Headband, $10, Spirit HalloweenSHOP NOWA post shared by Serena Stampfer (@serenastampfer) on Jul 29, 2019 at 1:24am PDTIf you're trying to channel a creepy vibe this Halloween, go as the wizarding world's creepiest resident: Peter Pettigrew. He makes for a pretty terrifying costume.What you'll need: Gray Mouse Tail, $8, Party CitySHOP NOWA post shared by Amanda ⚯͛ (@magicunderthestairs) on Oct 6, 2019 at 3:24pm PDTPay tribute to the most annoying character in Harry Potter history (you know it's true) with ringlet curls and a pastel bandana.  What you'll need: Classic Bandana, $10, Urban OutfittersSHOP NOWA post shared by Elia | B3 Elia, B3 (@butterbeerbabble) on Feb 21, 2018 at 6:48am PSTMessrs Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot, and Prongs are proud to present: your Halloween costume. All you need a classic Hogwarts robe to pull this group costume off.What you'll need: Harry Potter Deluxe Costume, $34, AmazonSHOP NOW 150 points if you catch me. 😉⚡️ #harrypotterhalloweenA post shared by  Kelsey Stiegman (@klstieg) on Nov 1, 2014 at 7:42pm PDTSpeaking from experience, (yep, that's me!) no one will get this costume. But your Instagram followers will love it.What you'll need: Gold Angel Wings, $20, AmazonSHOP NOW A post shared by Sophia Khan (@sophia___khan) on Jan 29, 2018 at 3:16pm PSTIf your Halloween costume requirements include the phrase "badass," Madam Maxime is a solid choice. What you'll need: Sequin Kimono Knot Dress, $71, ASOSSHOP NOWA post shared by Kristina Horner (@kristinahorner) on Aug 10, 2019 at 10:55am PDTIf you're looking for a four-person group 'stume with a little added wizarding flare, add Harry Potter and Cedric Diggory (RIP, luv u) to this costume idea.What you'll need: Corduroy Mini Skirt, $48, Abercrombie & FitchSHOP NOWA post shared by Aivi like the plant △⃒⃘ (@theyellowsquib) on Aug 14, 2019 at 10:17am PDT"RONALD WEASLEY, HOW DARE YOU STEAL THAT CAR –", yep, this will be you on Halloween dressed up at Mrs. Weasley's howler (or, for book fans, Dumbledore's howler). What you'll need: Midi Dress With Halter Neck Detail, $47, ASOSSHOP NOWA post shared by Jara [Yara] (@jara.cosplay) on Jan 24, 2019 at 3:59am PSTYou're one purple sweater and a head wrap away from being Voldemort's most trusted ally. Turn this into a two-person costume, by dressing your bff up as the Dark Lord himself.What you'll need: Purple Scarf, $10, AmazonSHOP NOWA post shared by Arelis 🍃 (@arelis_vega18) on Oct 31, 2018 at 5:48pm PDTThe Mandrake's cry is fatal to anyone who hears it, which makes it the perfect spooky Halloween costume.What you'll need: Artificial Ivy Leaves, $12, AmazonSHOP NOW Riddikulus! #boggart #snape #harrypotterhalloweenA post shared by  Matt Roeser (@mattroeser) on Oct 31, 2018 at 8:22am PDTRemember when Neville went up against a boggart and his greatest fear (Snape) stepped out of the wardrobe dressed in his grandmother's clothes? Well, it makes for a pretty epic costume idea.What you'll need: Stuffed Vulture, $43, TargetSHOP NOWA post shared by Witchcrafting and Wizardry ⚡️ (@witchcraftingandwizardry) on Oct 31, 2018 at 3:59pm PDTThis DIY costume comes with snacks included. Honestly, what more could you ask for?What you'll need: Chocolate Frog, $7, WalmartSHOP NOW Best. Night. Ever. #harrypotter #harrypotterhalloweenpartyA post shared by  braintwinpaige (@braintwinpaige) on Oct 26, 2018 at 11:27pm PDTAny of these essential HP characters would make for a fantastic Halloween costume idea.What you'll need: Stuffed Python, $35, AmazonSHOP NOWA post shared by Ministarstvo Magije Hrvatska (@ministarstvomagije) on Nov 4, 2016 at 1:15am PDTOne trip to dad's closet and a little fake blood is all you need to recreate Neville's iconic Battle of Hogwarts look. This picture is just packed full of good ideas.What you'll need: Jeweled King Sword, $7, Party CitySHOP NOWA post shared by Mirabella and Raphael (@mir_duet) on Mar 8, 2019 at 4:07am PSTReuse last year's prom dress for an epic recreation of the Grey Lady. What you'll need: Grey Long Sleeve Wrap Dress, $74, Lulu'sSHOP NOW JK's Wizarding World!  #jkrowlingisourqueen ...... On our visit to @universalorlando @sarasalayich & I found a fellow witch who also knitted her own custom letter into her #WeasleySweater ! It was too funny that it just happened to spell out JK's!!! ...... @parksandcons @harrypotterfilm #wizardingworldofharrypotter #wizardingworld #wizardingworldorlando #wizardingweekend  #weasleyfamily #weasleysweaters #weasleylife #harrypotterforever #harrypotterworld #christmasathogwarts #hogwartschristmas #proudgryffindor #myharrypotterlife #harrypotterobsessed #harrypotterobsession #wizardingworldchristmas #wizardingworldofhp #slytherinhouse #gryffindorhouse #harrypotterfan #diagonalleyorlando #diagonalley #orlandochristmas #harrypotterworldorlando #universalstudios #universalstudiosorlando #mollyweasley #universalstudiosharrypotterA post shared by  Katie Aiani (@theharrypotterfan) on Dec 28, 2017 at 11:32am PSTRed hair and a hand-knitted sweater? You must be a Weasley. What you'll need: personalized sweater, $68, etsy.com Wizarding Dayz wasn't what I expected but it was still so fun! Shout out to @elise_wilding for taking all these pics and for holding all my stuff! (even though for the first time ever I remembered to include a pocket in my costume, ayyyyy) . . . . . #dementorcosplay #dementor #cosplay #harrypotter #harrypottercosplay #wizardingdayzA post shared by  Dylan (@disastercos) on Feb 24, 2018 at 9:45pm PSTIf you're feeling really lazy, a black sheet with two holes cut in it will due just fine.  What you'll need: Dementor costume, $40, halloweencostumes.comRep the baddest Weasley of them all in Gryffindor House Quidditch robes.   What you'll need: Quidditch robe, $45, sprithalloween.com My favourite Moaning Myrtle photo from London comic con in May.  #mcmlondon #harrypotter #harrypottercosplay #moaningmyrtle  #cosplay #cosplayer #hogwarts #cosplaygirl #mcm #cosplayphoto #wizardingworld #hogwartsghosts #harrypottercosplayer #cosplayersA post shared by  Sapphire Nyx (@sapphire_nyx) on Aug 14, 2018 at 11:44am PDTJust throw a toilet seat around your neck and scream at everyone the whole night. Sounds like fun, amiright?!What you'll need: Ravenclaw House Robe, $40, hottopic.com; round glasses, $9, amazon.com Throw back to Halloween. We have Dobby, Headwig, Crookshanks, and of course Kash is Harry Potter! #kashmoneymillionaire #hattypotter #harrypotterhalloweenA post shared by  Mags (@kashmoneydizzle) on Jan 10, 2015 at 12:36pm PSTSome of the best characters in the series didn’t even speak a word, but we still loved them anyway – except for Scabbers. Eff you, Scabbers.  What you'll need: white feathers, $8, amazon.com; cat ears, $9, amazon.com 👆🏼 It's going to be pretty hard to one up my Rita Skeeter costume from last year this month! It was just too fun. 🤓 What are you going to be for Halloween?! #hpforlife #harrypotterA post shared by  Karisa Grimstad (@petitemodernlife) on Oct 10, 2016 at 9:05am PDTPuncture any reputation with your trusty Quick Quotes Quill.  What you'll need: glasses, $10, amazon.com; feather boa, $15, amazon.com "Expecto patronum" ⚡️ #hphalloweenA post shared by  Kelsey Stiegman (@klstieg) on Oct 31, 2015 at 8:42pm PDTBe your own protector against Dementors with this adorable costume.  What you'll need: silver lipstick, $19, mac.com; antlers, $15, amazon.com As a fellow purple-haired Hufflepuff, I must say cosplaying Tonks is one of my favorite things to do 💜💜💜A post shared by  Lizzy Jones (@soundproofliz) on Oct 27, 2018 at 3:34pm PDTJust make sure no one calls you Nymphadora in this outfit.  What you'll need: pig nose, $4, amazon.com Welcome to Divination 🔮 #harrypotterhalloweenparty #halloweencostumeA post shared by  Michaela Elizabeth (@michaela25s) on Oct 28, 2017 at 9:22pm PDTYou may not be a Seer, but Professor Trelawney isn't either, so you're fine.What you'll need: glasses, $5, amazon.com; fabric head wrap, $18, amazon.com Yesterday it was @msevylynch birthday 🎂 I wish you an happy birthday 🎁🎉🎉💙 #evannalynch #lunalovegood #luna #lunalovegoodcosplayer #lunalovegoodcosplay #spectrespecs #hogwarts #ravenclaw #harrypotter #jkrowling #harrypotterworld #soel #harrypotterfan #harrypottercosplayer #hpfan #thequibbler #wand #hogwartsschoolofwitchcraftandwizardry #blondehair #cosplayersofinstagramA post shared by  Soel (@soel_fox) on Aug 17, 2018 at 3:41am PDTKeep an eye out for Wrackspurts this Halloween, dressed as everyone's favorite Ravenclaw.What you'll need: Spectrespecs, $13, amazon.com; Quibbler, $30, etsy.com; Wand, $33, Noble Collection Lighting up DragonCon as Fawkes from Harry Potter. #dragoncon #DragonCon2015 #cosplay #cosplayers #harrypotter #harrypottercosplay #harrypottercostume #costumes #photooftheday #instalike #tutu #Atlanta #geek #geekyandproud #instalike #harrypotterworld #cosplaygirl #fawkes @dragoncon @dragonconatlA post shared by  Larkin Grant (@larkingrant) on Sep 6, 2015 at 4:37pm PDTFawks is number two on a very long list of people who have saved Harry Potter's life (Hermione being number one, obvs). Rep him on Halloween with a fiery costume all your own.  What you'll need: red feathers, $9, amazon.com; red tulle, $9, amazon.com; orange tulle, $5, amazon.com Master has given Dobby a sock. Dobby is a free elf! 🎉🎃⚡️ Not going to lie...I was planning on posting a picture of David and I as wizard pacmen...but then this happened and it was better on so many levels 😍 #harrypotter #dobbyisafreeelf #harrypottercostume #rucrugramA post shared by  Kaitlyn Phipps (@kaitlynphippsphoto) on Oct 31, 2015 at 8:03pm PDTThanks to Harry, Dobby is now a free elf.  What you'll need: elf ears, $8, amazon.com; Gryffindor tie, $1, amazon.comFollow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			No trick, all treat.  Creative and crafty Halloween costumes are cool and all, but you know there's nothing more satisfying than pulling your October 31st look straight from your own closet. Bonus points if it features stretchy fabric to accommodate all that candy consumption. Yet there comes a point, rather unfortunately, where you just can't justify wearing your pajamas to dress up as "Risky Business" for the third consecutive year. And so, you're left starting at your clothes, willing a pair of leggings to magically transform into the comfy creation of your dreams. Well thanks to the fine folks at Alaroo, you're situation is about to get a whole let less spooky. Coming in ~hot~ with over 1,040 positive reviews, these Shiny Scale Mermaid Leggings come in 15 different colors, including an iridescent rainbow situation that would seriously make Ariel herself swoon. She, like everyone else, would likely also lose it over the price, which goes as low as $11.89. These high-waist leggings are made of a super stretchy combo of polyester and spandex that's not only soft but also reinforced in certain areas (read: crotch) to ensure the bottoms remain rip-free no matter the movement. Even with the amped up protection, these mermaid bottoms still boast A+ breathability—so much so, in fact, that many of the 5-star fans said they were pleasantly surprised by the leggings' airy quality. Just take it from this Amazon reviewer: "The material is amazingly breathable, but does not become transparent on larger areas! I will be buying more!" And, FYI, she's not the only one who's stocking up on these sparkly leggings.  So, yep, you're totally dressing up as your favorite Disney character this year.  From: Women's Health US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She legit DIYed her hospital gown.Miley Cyrus has had a wild summer. She left her husband Liam Hemsworth, dropped a song about it, broke up with her girlfriend Kaitlynn Carter, started dating Cody Simpson, and is now in the hospital for tonsillitis. Yeah, it's a lot. But Miley isn't letting the craziness get to her. She's making the absolute most of her hospital stay, by giving herself a full-on makeover. I'm talking hair, glam, outfit – the works. Why, you ask? Well, according to Miley "how you present yourself can determine how you feel."To give herself the ultimate hospital room lewk, the singer started with her hair. She wore: "Thank you mama for helpin this little sickyyy look a little bit better by brushin my hair for me @tishcyrus mommy's [sic] are the best!"After that, she moved on to the hospital gown, DIYing it until it was less of a gown and more of a punky update to the slip dress."Redesigned my hospital gown ... kinda @ysl, @courtneylove / @skyferreira vibes," said Miley on Instagram Stories.You already know a full look isn't complete until your glam is done, so Miley did a lowkey no-makeup makeup look to prep for a visit from Cody. "BF coming to visit me @ the hospy," she wrote. Only Miley could look this good while laying in a hospital bed.Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Yes, more of this please.If there's one thing every red carpet needs more of, it's a good underwear moment. Thankfully, our icon Kristen Stewart is serving up major lingerie in her latest red carpet appearance.While attending the 42nd Mill Valley Film Festival, the actress totally nailed the no-shirt look, wearing her velvet-trimmed tuxedo (hi, prom inspo!) with nothing but a lacey black bra underneath. Sticking true to her punk-glam style, Kristen added even more edge to the look with stacks of silvery chains and a vampy (heh) red lip. Here's hoping she never wears a shirt again.  Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Is it till or 'til?We've officially reached peak 2019: Virgil Abloh designed a quote wedding veil for Hailey Baldwin's second wedding to Justin Bieber. What's even more 2019? The internet is convinced the designer made a spelling error – and there's now a major grammar battle happening in the comments of basically every single photo. The phrase in question is, of course, the massive "TILL DEATH DO US PART" printed at the bottom of Hailey's sweeping veil. Anyone who's into Hypebeast fashion knows that quoted phrases are Virgil's calling card, a design detail that rocketed the brand Off-White to viral fame. But fans are a bit confused, because if you're shortening the word "until," shouldn't he have written 'til? Or is till correct? People on Twitter are currently in a heated debate over that very question.No, there is not a typo on Hailey Bieber’s wedding dress. That’s not an apostrophe before “TILL” — it’s a quote mark, and there’s a second one at the end of the phrase. It’s the designer Virgil Abloh’s *thing.*“TILL” is an acceptable shortening of “UNTIL.” That is all. pic.twitter.com/C66bZtKFrGAccording to Dictionary.com (yes, I did extensive research for this story) "till" is a word in itself, separate from the word "until," though, they mean the same thing. Both words have been commonly used since the days of Old English – actually, Merriam-Webster reports that "till" is actually older than our modern word "until.""Till and until are both old in the language and are interchangeable as both prepositions and conjunctions," Dictionary.com reads. "Till is not a shortened version of until and is not spelled 'till. 'Til is usually considered a spelling error, though widely used in advertising."  Lesson learned, don't question Virgil. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			My jaw is on the floor.The reveal is here! Hailey Baldwin left us in the dark, wondering what her wedding dress looked like for an entire week (ya, it's been torture). We've seen her bachelorette party dress, her rehearsal dinner dress, her reception dress, and her day-after-the-wedding outfit – literally everything but the dress itself. Finally, the new bride has shared her full ceremony look and "Wedding Dress" Pinterest boards everywhere are SHAKING.In an Instagram blast, Hailey shared three pics of the gown, which she created in collaboration with Off-White designer Virgil Abloh. The model walked down the aisle in a long-sleeve off-the-shoulder lace gown with an ultra sexy bustier bodice and a super low-cut back.  @virgilabloh thank you for making my vision come to life and creating my dream dress. You and your @off____white team are incredible and I’m forever grateful I got to wear your beautiful creation. ❤️A post shared by  Hailey Rhode Bieber (@haileybieber) on Oct 7, 2019 at 1:53pm PDTThe train features Virgil's trademark text adapted for the special occasion. The very bottom reads: "TILL DEATH DO US PART." last Monday was the most special day of my life:)A post shared by  Hailey Rhode Bieber (@haileybieber) on Oct 7, 2019 at 1:48pm PDT"@virgilabloh thank you for making my vision come to life and creating my dream dress," Hailey wrote on Instagram. "You and your @off____white team are incredible and I’m forever grateful I got to wear your beautiful creation. ❤️"Justin Bieber didn't end up wearing the banana-covered suit, after all. Instead, he opted for a classic black tux and bow tie. 9.30.19 ❤️A post shared by  Hailey Rhode Bieber (@haileybieber) on Oct 7, 2019 at 2:02pm PDTName a more gorgeous couple. I'll wait.Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			These killer kicks are all you need to bring your back-to-school look to the next level!A solid pair of black leather boots will likely be your go-to footwear for the entire fall/winter season (okay, probably spring and summer too), but you still need a few other pairs to work into your outfit rotation. I'm thinking: five to seven pairs of casual-cute sneakers that will work for all occasions.To help you narrow down your shopping list, I scoured through all your favorite brands to find the best cute sneakers for girls. Shop the coolest kicks below.  The iconic checkered slip on gets majorly elevated with all-over rainbow.  A punch of navy gingham makes these sporty kicks feel ultra femme.Animal print is here to stay. Pair these Skechers with a splash of zebra for an unexpected mixed-print moment.A lilac corduroy high top is the girly sneaker you didn't know you needed in your closet.These retro kicks are perfect to get on your vintage vibes. These plaid platforms are the perfect sweater weather sneaker. The extra thick sole adds just a touch of edge. Give your go-to leopard print a day off – switch to zebra instead.White sneakers with a little something extra. These lux velvety sneakers will elevate your outfit in seconds. Pair them with vampy fall florals for major chicness. Tie dye isn't going anywhere. Rep it on your shoes for an extra pop of '90s color.Need cute shoes for school? Ditch millennial pink and opt for a trendy shade of sage green.Snakeskin is set to be the animal print of the season. Go for subtlety with just a hint on your sneakers. Try these classic Converse with a twist. Just like your go-to denim jacket, these babies will go with everything.  Velcro sneakers offer a much-needed dose of nostalgia to any ensemble.  Shop these if your entire outfit mantra is: make it pink.White sneaker kind of person? Try this lug-sole version with a subtle pop of color. Fleece-lined sneakers will keep you cozy and warm during the chilliest months of the year. A swipe of cheery yellow makes these plain white sneaks stand out.Are they sneakers? Are they boots? I don't know, but they sure are cute.These throwback kicks are back! Go for an iridescent version to upgrade your shoe game.Can't get enough of this color palette. Theses sneakers will kick ass in the gym and in the classroom. Statement sneakers for under $50? Yes, please! Revive the '80s classic with these vintage-inspired Reeboks.This timeless Saucony sneaker will perfectly match all your khaki outfits. The new Everlane eco release is the perfect dad sneaker to pair with dresses, jeans – literally anything.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You can buy them on Amazon. You know that one friend who always seems to be busy with extra curriculars, after-school clubs, and lucrative side-hustles? Well, Millie Bobby Brown is that friend – times a thousand. She stars in the hit Netflix series, Stranger Things, launched her own beauty brand, is in the middle of filming a new movie, and she's now the face of jewelry brand Pandora. Does she ever sleep? Probably not. But is still still killing it? Yes, yes, and yes.While promoting her latest launch, the customizable Pandora Me collection, Millie made time in her jam-packed schedule to chat with Seventeen about self-love, confidence, and her of-the-moment fashion favorites (which include a pair of $50 earrings from Amazon, btw). She says, the secret to confidence – I mean true confidence – isn't about fashion at all, it's about channeling positivity in all aspects of your life."I block out all negativity in my life, so anyone or anything that’s getting in the way of me being happy will no longer be in my life," Millie explained. "And I think that toxic people – people that don’t just genuinely make you happy – you need to block out and, obviously, negativity on social media is not healthy.""You need to put yourself in a happy space," she continued. "And make sure that you love yourself and that you’re doing things that are ultimately going to make you happy. And once you do that first, then you will find your self-confidence and self love throughout all of that journey."That being said, Millie still loves the chance to express herself through her work and her style. The actress said her current wardrobe obsession is one you probably already wear on repeat: the hoop earring. From her entire Pandora collection, the silvery circlets are the one piece she keeps reaching for over and over again."The hoops are my go-to because I love hoops. The hoops for me – I love earrings in general," she said. Normally, when celebs shout out a product, it's a crazy-expensive investment that you could never afford. But Millie's exact earrings are ultra attainable, at $49.50 a pair.In case you needed Millie's advice on the rest of your outfit, she says that she's living for the chunky knits we all associate with cuffing season. "For fall right now [my favorite] is like mom jumpers – turtleneck, really big, off the shoulder – I really like it."Since Millie's word is law, I guess we'll all be wearing oversized sweaters and hoop earrings for the foreseeable future.Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			If you don't already have them in your closet, that is. Thanks to what was probably a multi-million dollar deal with Adidas, Kylie Jenner has been repping the streetwear brand nonstop – even designing a collection inspired by her favorite Lip Kit color. In her latest Instagram pic, the mogul is wearing Adidas from head to toe, in an all-white sweatsuit and an iconic pair of sneakers you probably already have in your closet. She posed in a pair of classic black and white Adidas Originals Superstars, the viral sneaker worn by baddies across the entire internet. Even her sweats are available to shop – you can buy her cropped hoodie and the matching joggers for $60 each on the Adidas website. Or, you know, just keep on scrolling and buy her entire look below.Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Bookmark this page, ASAP.Trends are always fun to work into your wardrobe, but nothing you'll find at Forever 21 could beat the intricate beauty and art of an ancient traditional garment, like the saree. Whether you throw a belt on it, opt for a mermaid wrap, or pair it up with a sleek trouser, there are endless ways to add a dose of your personal style to the cultural garb. Ankita Bhardwaj, a 25-year-old influencer from Toronto, Canada is an expert at styling sarees. Her stunning looks have built her an Instagram empire, which currently boasts 173k followers. She chatted with Seventeen about her favorite fashion tricks and tips. She says that sarees (especially ones handed down from her mother and grandmother) makes her feel more connected to her family heritage. "For me, as a first generation Indo-Canadian, it’s a way to connect back to my Indian roots. I feel empowered and proud to embrace where I come from and who I am, especially when I get to represent a culture so beautiful," Ankita explained. "We need more love and acceptance and in many ways, it can start with fashion. In my life at least, it all started with a saree."Ahead, get your fill of saree outfit inspiration from the best style stars on the internet. Reference this list the next time you need to get dressed.A post shared by Sahithya Jagannathan (@sahithyajagannathan) on Dec 20, 2018 at 12:51am PSTAdding a belt to any given saree look will supply major chicness in seconds. Plus, it'll snatch your waist and help keep your saree in place all night long. A post shared by Ankita (@aankita.b) on Aug 2, 2019 at 10:18am PDTOne swipe through Ankita's Instagram will show you, this style is her all-time favorite. "There’s so many different ways to style a saree, but I find the most form fitting, body hugging and flattering way to wear one, is mermaid style," she told Seventeen. "I like to make sure the fabric of the saree is tied tighter around the hips and when I bring the end of the saree over my shoulder, I like to secure it tightly with a pin." #traditional #saree #friendswedding #dolledupA post shared by  Tahsin 🌸 (@tahsin_tamu) on Sep 6, 2019 at 12:57am PDTAn embroidered emerald saree looks stunning when mixed with bold, crimson accents. Leave your pallu open, draped over your shoulder for added drama. A post shared by Devina Malhotra Chadda (@guiltybytes) on Sep 6, 2019 at 10:39pm PDTPut your saree on full display with this elegant drape. Ankita loves to work this styling trick into her wardrobe rotation, because it gives you the opportunity to show off all 👏 that 👏 detail 👏. A post shared by Sonam Lakhani (@myhautelife) on Jul 22, 2019 at 5:09am PDTBreak from the classic over-the-shoulder style with dhoti. "This one includes wearing leggings underneath and tying your saree around your legs to make dhoti trousers," Ankita says.A post shared by Kritika Khurana (@thatbohogirl) on Aug 30, 2019 at 9:06am PDTMake your go-to saree feel brand new by wearing it over a modern bodysuit. Bonus points for cool asymmetrical cutouts. A post shared by Aashna Shroff (@aashnashroff) on Apr 26, 2019 at 9:45am PDTYep, pink is still the new pink – and there's no better way to wear it than on a net saree. "My favourite type of sarees are net, because the blouse and waist are easier to see underneath the see-through fabric." Ankita said. A post shared by Sakshi Shah🌻 (@styleofthesubtle) on Jun 1, 2019 at 2:56am PDTThis pairing positively screams fashion. Layer a bright saree over an all-white top and pants, then finish off the look with a statement belt. For this look, more is definitely more. Wearing this beautiful pre-stitched saree from @callupcouture. ✨A post shared by  Kritika Khurana (@thatbohogirl) on Jul 11, 2019 at 8:42am PDTBurgundy and gold is a color combo that screams "fall." Wear a fringed blouse with a pre-stitched saree, then pile on matching bling to complete the look. #sanializaA post shared by  Sania Sultana Liza (@sanializa) on Mar 24, 2019 at 10:42am PDTSaturated gemstone hues are stunning on their own, but wear them on a colorblocked saree for an ensemble that will draw every eye.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			As taught by Bella Hadid. When I say the words "fanny pack," what's the first thing that comes to mind? Probably the frat bro you hooked up with twice, before he promptly ghosted you and moved on to your best friend. Every time you saw him, Chad (we'll call him that for the sake of clarity) had an oversized fanny pack slung across his chest like a young Pete Davidson – but without the money or tattoos. And now, you're probably staring at your own belt bag wondering how to wear it without accidentally giving yourself flashbacks to those 2 am "you up?" texts. Well, just keep reading, my friend, because I've got alllll the answers. No, I don't mean answers on how to get him back (read: you can do better), but answers on how to style your fanny pack to perfection. I dug through the archives of the most stylish people on the internet to find their tricks for making a fck boi staple look street style-chic. Now, sit back and relax while Bella Hadid, James Charles, Winnie Harlow, and more teach you the most stylish ways to wear a fanny pack.Is this Baby Spice or Tana Mongeau? It's hard to tell because the '90s vibes are just that strong. The recently-married YouTuber wore her coral fanny pack with a tropical bodycon, sneakers, and total Spice Girls hair. What you'll need: Seventeen Hip Pack, $35, HerschelSHOP NOWThis look is so chic, I can hardly take it. Get off-duty-model vibes like Gigi Hadid with this expert pairing. Wear your fanny pack crossbody-style over a polished suit, then finish with her favorite shoe, the Dr. Marten boot. What you'll need: Nylon Belt Bag, $670, PradaSHOP NOWFanny packs began and ended with street athleisure. Make a graphic sweatshirt and cargo pants feel extra cool (and not bro-y) with a matching fanny pack strapped around your waist. What you'll need: Color Black Waist Pack, $35, ChampionSHOP NOWEven if you don't own a fanny pack, you can still get the belt bag aesthetic. Just wrap a mini shoulder bag around your waist and knot any extra length in the back. It sounds weird, but as Bella proves, it looks so fashion. What you'll need: Leather Flap Pocket Belt Bag, $99, & Other StoriesSHOP NOWThe combination of an oversized sweatshirt with over-the-knee boots will henceforth be referred to as "Ariana Grande-style." Wear your belt bag Ari-style, like she did for this date with Pete Davidson (a moment of silence for that relationship). What you'll need: Quilted Belt Bag, $15, Forever 21SHOP NOWRepurpose your overly-professional internship wardrobe by adding a streetwear accessory. Surprise: a fanny pack is the perfect option. Style up a button-down and khaki trousers with a luxe faux leather version. What you'll need: Quilted Belt Bag, $40, Marc New YorkSHOP NOW99% of your wardrobe problems can be solved with a white tee and jeans. No matter how wild your belt bag is, it'll still look right at home with this simplistic ensemble. Add your favorite sneaker to let your style persona shine. What you'll need: Metro Lacquer Belt Bag, $155, MZ WallaceSHOP NOWIf you happen to have a leather jumpsuit in your closet (as one does), a sporty fanny pack will bring its extraness down several notches. If you don't, pair your fanny with your most-worn moto jacket and matching boots. What you'll need: Leather Fanny Pack, $23, AmazonSHOP NOWYes, you'll get a lot of use out of a black fanny pack, but if you're in the market for a new design, a neon version is surprisingly versatile. Use is as a pop of color in an all-neutral outfit or even a print-heavy look like this one. What you'll need: Nylon Logo Belt Bag, $17, DKNYSHOP NOWOkay, this look isn't exactly super simple, thanks to Kenny's accessories, but the general idea still stands. When in doubt: pair the belt bag in question with a simple black crop and a good pair of jeans. What you'll need: Quest Belt Bag, $180, Welden SHOP NOW		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She's an icon among us.Zendaya is working her way to icon status with her charm, talent, and gorgeous style. Whether she's attending the premiere of her latest Marvel movie, volunteering with kids, presenting at the Emmys, or just walking through the airport, Z looks good without even trying. So whether you're looking for inspo for prom, your cousin's wedding, or your next date night, you can bet that somewhere in the archives, there's a perfect Zendaya look to replicate. We sifted through her street style and red carpet looks to find the best of the best (yeah, it was really hard to narrow it down). Here are all times Zendaya's style slayed us all – well, more than usual. Schooling us always, Z expertly pairs a polished tweed blazer with a matching vest and contrasting trousers. And yes, we are taking notes!  Another day, another red carpet win. Zendaya looked amazing in this bustier dress by Vera Wang. Between the color and design details this is the red carpet version of The Little Mermaid's iconic look.This silky pajama inspired look serves chic vibes, but still looks so comfy.This gallery is basically a masterclass on how to dominate the red carpet. Zendaya nails it in this sweet floral midi perfect for your next formal. Snake is definitely the new leopard print. Zendaya wore the trend from head to toe at her Tommy x Zendaya fashion week show, making the busy print look totally wearable. Canary plaid, lime green shorts, and white pumps – file this under Zendaya outfits you should recreate before that fall weather hits. She's serving looks in this '70s inspired maroon velvet set. Lean all in to the retro vibes by adding glitzy statement hoops the next time you rock a two-piece suit. Goth can be sexy too and Zendaya looked every bit of that at Marc Jacobs' runway show, wearing a sexy slip dress and a leather trench. Offering her own, crazy-stylish take on the black tuxedo, Zendaya dropped jaws in this cropped button-up and trousers. She looks every bit of magical and beautiful in this baby pink sequined trimmed dress. No wonder Lancome chose her to be the face of their fragrance. Everyone has their thing and a chic pantsuit is definitely Zendaya's. She pumped up this charcoal number straight from the men's department with inky heels and matching sheer tights.Finge, cut-outs, and platforms? Only Zendaya could pull off this over-the-top ensemble. Zendaya is pure street style goals, fully nailing a head to toe monochromatic look. The secret: keeping hair and makeup to a minimum. Even chill neturals feel exciting when worn the right way – like on a color block skirt with a contrasting crop. Zendaya captioned this look on her IG, "The spidey suit, but make it fashion," and she wasn't wrong. She repped black and red in the most fashionable way: covering them in sequins. For the Euphoria premiere, Zendaya transformed into a real life angel. We are all so blessed to have witnessed this moment.Make a khaki boiler suit feel edgy as hell with a pair of slime green high-tops. (Buy them here!) Zendaya brings a Disney princess to life and wins. She channelled Cinderella at the 2019 Met Gala and even though you can't really replicate this look, you should definitely copy her hair.  Zendaya was holiday party goals in a clear rhinestone mini and turtleneck at the Star Wars premiereZ always pushes boundaries and keeps us guessing on the red carpet. At first glance it looks like she paired her knotted crop top with a high-waisted skirt, but if you look closer, you'll see that she's actually wearing super wide-leg pants! Z proves neutrals can be chic too with this super cute beige sweater dress and beige pump combo.I'm seriously feeling this pantsuit – I mean, shorts suit.Zendaya never looked taller rocking a sparkley mini dress and faux pixie cut.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Total boss move. Hailey Baldwin's wedding band may be positively stacked with diamonds, but her wedding wardrobe is crazy affordable. First, she wore a super chic $55 dress to her bachelorette party and now, she's sporting a $24 bra. Just one day after her wedding to Justin Bieber, Hailey was all dressed up and looking bridal as hell. She made an appearance on her bff Kelia Termini's Instagram Stories, outside the wedding venue wearing an oversized ivory suit set with sneakers and a ruched bra. It's quite literally the chicest sh*t I've ever seen. I'm 99% sure that I could never afford anything else on her body, but if you're trying to dress like a Bieber, the bra is totally within budget. It's $24 and still available online at fast-fashion brand Naked Wardrobe. Into it? Shop the exact same one below.Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Yes, more of this, please.K-pop band BTS has officially joined forces with the VSCO girl favorite sneaker brand, FILA for what will undoubtedly be a year of epic outfits. FILA announced yesterday that they've tapped the Bangtan Boys as global brand ambassadors, making RM, Suga, Jimin, V, Jungkook, J-Hope, and Jin the new faces of the streetwear brand. This means, the boy band will be wearing lots of FILA, not just at their US shows, but also at appearances across South Korea, Europe, and Asia.Their first big launch will come early next year, in the form of a worldwide ad campaign. A rep from FILA dished about why BTS was the perfect band to represent them."We are extremely thrilled to welcome BTS as FILA brand ambassadors. With their global appeal, the group has inspired and impacted the world and we are very grateful for the massive amount of interest and support we’ve received," a spokesperson said in a press release. "BTS has an incredibly loyal fan base and we will be devoted to communicating with that audience in a very special way.""BTS's passion, positivity and their genuine communication with fans are qualities that align with FILA," the same rep said. "Their energetic and unique personalities also make them an optimal fit as brand ambassadors. We look forward to creating a meaningful synergy between two global brands."No word yet on whether a new sneaker launch will be included in this collab.Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			They never disappointBella Hadid is basically a fashion wizard. She can pull off literally any type of outfit, a superpower us mere mortals can only dream of obtaining. From androgynous streetwear looks and ultra-sweet '90s inspo to sexy lingerie, Bella owns every single look. Get your own slice of Bella's style, by taking a bit of her signature flare and adding it to your own outfit equation – micro sunnies, Dr. Martens, and cropped cardigans will all give you the BH aesthetic. We've made the process way easier by pulling together all of Bella Hadid's best outfits. These are the looks you should copy now.How cute is this floral mini?  Mix color and print for that laid-back California vibe all day everyday.Tomboy and feminine, Bella clashes oversized clothing with an itty bitty crop top. Classic Bella Hadid outfit.Tips on how to wear all white: 1. Add cool neon details. 3. Go for structure. 2. Be Bella Hadid. Wearing these cargo pants with a printed tee and strapped heels is a fresh spin on 1999's favorite outfit.Love a crop top moment for you. Add a fun graphic jacket and a pair of loose-fitting trousers to recreate this ensemble.Minimal at its core, this loose suit set is comfy and cool in the most nonchalant way.  Add your staple white sneaker and you're all set. Who doesn't love a matching set?  This western-inspired duo looks off-duty-model, instead of costume-y when styled up with sneakers and skeel hoops. Typical Bella Hadid outfit: vintage, vintage, and more vintage. This racing jacket and trouser pairing is perfectly chic.Super short hemline? No worries. Throw on an extra-oversized denim jacket for a posh, streetwear feel – plus, extra coverage.Hesitant to wear bike shorts?  Don't fear, just add an oversized jacket to the mix.  Bella make tomboy essentials, like a trucker hat and Chuck Taylors, feel so cool-girl with a baby tee and classic Louis Vuitton shoulder bag.If anyone tells you neturals are boring, cut them out of your life – you don't need that kind of negativity. Bella proves that matching tonal beige shades is the ultimate fashion move.  How chic is this outfit?!  The effortless mix of a leather blazer and pinstripe pants serves next-level style and comfort. Even at the airport, Bella channels French girl style in stripes and matching white pants. Bella is rocking this chill 'fit with her perfectly-loose baggy pants and white kicks.   A pair of mod knee-high boots add a touch of retro flare to every look you pair them with. Add mini dress and leather blazer to capture the ultimate Bella Hadid style.   I never would have guessed that a tweed pageboy hat, metallic disco flares, and a ladylike blazer could work together, but, as always, Bella pulls through. Bella toned down the classic fall hue with pops of bright white and a contrasting black baguette. Copy Bella's genius styling hack by wearing your plush vest as a shirt. Pair it up with patching pants and sleek kicks.This look is simple yet utterly flawless, with a vintage-y taupe jacket and the perfect straight-leg jean.  Add a retro sunnie and you're all set. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Kendall Jenner dressed like a supermodel for her friend Hailey Baldwin's wedding to Justin Bieber last night. The reality star chose to wear a sleeveless black and green dress with her hair down with waves. She carried a matching bag with it. The outfit is her second look from Baldwin and Bieber's nuptials. She shared an Instagram video of herself yesterday wearing a white and yellow mini dress while bowling. She was photographed arriving in Savannah, Georgia—which isn't too far from the Biebers' wedding venue, the Montage Palmetto Bluff in South Carolina—on Sunday morning.Jenner helped plan Baldwin's bachelorette party and is a good friend of both the model and her singer husband. (Jenner and Bieber were once rumored to have dated, even. Jenner responded to those rumors in late 2014, saying, "He's a longtime friend of our family. Everybody loves to assume things, but no.")Baldwin appeared with Jenner on her Zaza World Radio show on Valentine's Day this year. She described Jenner as essentially her platonic partner. "I think that she is a great girlfriend and I would know, because we dated. Just kidding," Baldwin joked, via E!. "But I've just seen her go, you know, go through her different experiences in relationships, and I feel like people, because we've never really talked about it, people don't understand it, so like ... they may have this idea and perception in their mind that you know, you kind of maybe just like...throw people in the trash. It's not the truth."  From: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The design that keeps on giving.Hailey Baldwin appeared to have taken fashion inspiration from royalty for her nuptials to Justin Bieber on Monday 30th September.For the wedding, which took place in front of A-list guests at the Montage Palmetto Bluff hotel, which is located in South Carolina, in the USA – the bride wore several white outfits, over a year since officially marrying the singer for the first time.While we’re yet to know who designed the dress she wore for the official ceremony (it was strapless, FYI), the model’s husband just shared a photograph of him and the bride in their formal attire and gave us a sneak peek into Hailey’s chosen rehearsal dinner dress.In the snap, the bride wears a white halterneck dress which is near identical – from what we can see – to the Duchess of Sussex’s Stella McCartney gown she wore to her reception dinner at Frogmore Cottage.   Hailey also wore her hair in a low chignon with a few strands of curls cascading past her chiselled cheekbones. This isn't the first time the bride has replicated one of the royal family's looks.Last month, the 22-year-old shared several photos of her paying homage to the late Princess Diana's unforgettable fashion, including ones of her dressed in jogging attire and jeans.'Thank you for leaving behind such an iconic fashion and style legacy,' the model captioned one of the photos shared on her Instagram account. Meanwhile, for her rehearsal dinner the bride was photographed wearing an off-the-shoulder mini dress custom-made by British designer Vivienne Westwood.In a statement, Westwood explained that the bride's gown was ‘made with organically-produced, eco-friendly and cruelty-free peace silk — which allows the silk butterfly to live beyond the cocoon’. The bride teamed the dress with a white bow in her hair and Jimmy Choo bow-detailed white sandals.Baldwin revealed last September to The Cut that that while her daytime wedding dress had not yet been made, she had chosen a designer for it. Following her big day, Hailey was later photographed wearing a black leather jacket with the word ‘wife’ emblazoned on the back.Congratulations, Justin and Hailey! From: ELLE UK		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Attention, ARMY!Whether they're dressing for the stage, an awards show, or just walking through the airport, the boys of BTS know real style. The seven members – Jin, J-Hope, Rap Monster, Suga, Jimin, V, and Jungkook – have made such a mark on pop culture that they've got an entire ARMY of fans who want to dress just like them. The K-pop band always surprises their fanbase with epic ensembles – sporty athleisure, cool prep school attire, and of course, the classiest of men's suiting. If you are lucky enough to snag tickets to one of their shows, look no further than our breakdown of the best BTS outfit ideas you can totally copy. Yep, right up ahead, check the best looks you should wear for a BTS concert and where to buy them. Rep the boys with luv in ivy league-inspired attire, like sweater vests and preppy plaid blazers. You can wear these looks to the concert or the classroom.  You can't go wrong in a bright striped t-shirt and a '90s-inspired bucket hat, a la J-Hope.  Utility is a big vibe for for the boy band. Try a green military jacket with ripped skinnies and a pair of high-top sneakers for a look that's 100% BTS. The vintage-y argyle sweater is a statement in itself (and sooo comfy). Pair it with your a bright, matching trouser and your good to go.  Just like a retro Gap ad, nail the Canadian tuxedo look for yourself with an oversized denim jacket. Bonus points if you recreate this photo with your ARMY friends. Head to the show in your chicest silk pajama set! Be comfy and so fashion forward at the same time.  BTS always has a theme and for this red carpet appearance, they went totally '80s in retro bowling shirts, wide-collar button-ups, and blazers.   Pulling off this look is about as easy as it gets. White top, white bottoms – done!  Check out (heh) this punky look. If you want go to all-out, try tinting your hair a pastel shade rose gold pre-concert, just like J-Hope. This one's easy: just throw on a varsity jacket, a graphic tee, and black destroyed jeans for your next BTS show. I-C-O-N-I-C! Between the bandana, the bomber jackets, and the acid-washed jeans, this 'fit will have other fans screaming when they see you.   With all those lights going, you'll shine in the crowd in a sequin bomber jacket. Throw on a black tee and pants to copy this look to completion. Dress up your slides and plaid pajamas by duping this group look.  Raid you local thrift shop (or ASOS, whatever) to find the wildest prints on the market. Mix highlighter hues, sequins, stripes, and geometrics for recreation of these BTS outfits. This bad boy beanie-denim-jacket combination is a must-have. PERIOD. Simply rock a pastel faux fur jacket and you are sure to stand out in a crowd of BTS fans. Heading to a BTS concert with your squad? Throw on any black/red/white clothing in your closet, then top with a hat. True fans will get it.  Catch the BTS feels with a vintage windbreaker from your local vintage shop.  Rep their pastel era in head-to-toe peach. Lots of pearlescent accessories will complement this ensemble perfectly. This leather baseball hat is a modern take on the classic dad hat. Pair it with a matching jacket for a recreation of this 'fit. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Christmas is coming early this year.Okay, I officially know what I'm asking Santa Jack Skellington to bring me for Christmas this year – a sick pair of sneakers with his own face on them. Skate brand Vans announced earlier today that they're dropping a The Nightmare Before Christmas-themed collection inspired by the best movie of the Halloween season.  For this epic collaboration, Vans gave their entire sneaker lineup the Nightmare treatment. They slapped Sally-inspired stitching, Jack's trademark pinstripes, and iconic artwork from the Tim Burton film on their classic Sk8-Hi, Slip-On, Old Skool, and Era sneakers. Just like their epic Harry Potter collection, this drop comes with both clothing and shoes. Hoodies, backpacks, sweatshirts, and tees will also be included in the launchOkay, so when can we shop this amazing line? Because I'm not waiting until the night before Christmas. Well, Vans shared on their Instagram that the drop will hit stores this weekend, so you can rep your new sneaks for the whole month of October. Step into a world of imagination with the new The Nightmare Before Christmas x Vans collection, arriving this weekend. vans.com/nightmareA post shared by  vans (@vans) on Sep 30, 2019 at 7:19am PDTLooks like Christmas is coming early this year!Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Twin for the win!Last night, Billie Eilish made me pause my seventh consecutive re-watch of The Office for the first time in weeks when she made her debut appearance on Saturday Night Live.2019's pop icon put on the craziest performance to hit television since Ashlee Simpson got caught lip syncing back in 2004. Billie legit walked on the ceiling for a rendition of her hit song "Bad Guy," blowing the minds of literally every human who had access to a screen during that four-minute period.Her performance was undeniably awesome, but what I really want to discuss is the epic twinning moment she shared with her brother Finneas O'Connell after the show. The musical duo posed on SNL's iconic stage wearing Gucci Gs from head to toe. Billie opted for her usual oversized tee and baggy pants, while Finneas went for a dapper-as-hell two-piece suit. MY BROTHER IS MY BESTFRIEND AND WE DID SNL LAST NIGHT AND IT WAS A PEAK LIFE EXPERIENCE. WOW. THANK YOU LIFE FOR GIVING ME WHAT I HAVE.A post shared by  BILLIE EILISH (@billieeilish) on Sep 29, 2019 at 2:24pm PDTBillie was fully fangirling about the whole experience, captioning her Instagam photo in all caps. "MY BROTHER IS MY BESTFRIEND AND WE DID SNL LAST NIGHT AND IT WAS A PEAK LIFE EXPERIENCE," Billie wrote. "WOW. THANK YOU LIFE FOR GIVING ME WHAT I HAVE." Want more on this mind-blowing performance? Find out how she did it here.Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			That's an.... interesting pose.Throughout many years of Instagram fame, Kylie Jenner has claimed quite a few signature poses. In her early days, she loved to look at the ground in pictures as though she recently lost something. Kylie single-handedly coined the vague arm raise and loves taking photos with weird shadows crossing her face. The icon rose to viral status through a series of unique pictures, but her latest pose is hands-down the strangest thing I've ever seen on the 'gram. I've dubbed it: the boob grab. No, I'm not exaggerating, editorializing, or over-dramatizing in any way – in her latest Instagram pic, homegirl is straight-up grabbing a handful of her left tit. She debuted what will likely replace the flamingo as Instagram's next favorite pose while showing off a crazy sexy cutout bodysuit for her followers.  Now, this wasn't the only weird pose Kylie pulled off while wearing this look. She revived one of her faves, the thot squat, and then posed with her bejeweled lipstick purse sticking out like a penis, channeling a 2015 Miley Cyrus.If you'll excuse me, I need to spend the next few hours grabbing my own boob in the name of content. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Kylie has reached peak extra. Another internet-breaking Kylie Cosmetics launch is upon us, but this time she's not teaming up with one of her sisters. The queen of beauty joined forces with the king of fashion and designer of Kardashian-favorite brand Balmain, Olivier Rousteing, for a collab that might be her best yet. To promote the big drop, Kylie flooded feeds with gorgeous watercolor makeup looks and, because this is a Balmain collab after all, her outfits were just as stunning. Doing extra the way only Kylie can do it, the billionaire mogul posed in a 1980s-inspired mini dress – shoulder pads and all – and a matching belt.  Makeup but make it Fashionn😍💜 how cool is this @balmain belt with our eyeshadows.. can’t wait for this collection to drop tomorrow at 8am pst on KylieCosmetics.com #KylieBalmain @kyliecosmeticsA post shared by  Kylie ♥️ (@kyliejenner) on Sep 26, 2019 at 1:44pm PDT The first time I saw this picture, it took me a second to realize she's wearing a freaking eyeshadow palette! Yep, Olivier designed her a custom Balmain statement belt, using their new eyeshadow palette in place of the buckle."Makeup but make it Fashionn😍💜," Kylie caption the photo. "How cool is this @balmain belt with our eyeshadows.." And I wanna share WITH You that NOW our BALMAIN X KYLIE Cosmetics collab is available 💕 Thank you to bring even more colors into one of my fav show yet 😘 @kyliecosmeticsA post shared by  OLIVIER R. (@olivier_rousteing) on Sep 27, 2019 at 8:21am PDTSorry, fam, but the belt is for Kylie's closet only – you can't shop it online. You can, however, cop the four-piece Kylie x Balmain collection on the Kylie Cosmetics website now.  Follow Kelsey on Instagram! 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Yes, you can still buy it online. Most of us have been mentally planning our wedding to Justin Bieber since the age of 14, but only Hailey Baldwin gets to be his forever One Less Lonely Girl. Even though the two have been legally married for over a year now, the actual wedding ceremony is reportedly set to take place later this month.Last night, Hailey celebrated their upcoming re-nuptials with a bridal right of passage: the bachelorette party. She invited basically every model, influencer, and celeb-adjacent professional on your Instagram feed, partying it up with Kendall Jenner, Maeve Reilly, Kelia Moniz, Natalie Manuel Lee, and her older sister Alaia Baldwin. Of course, there were lots of inappropriately-shaped straws and some sexy lingerie, but let's get down to the most important part of the event: her outfit. Since you only get married to Justin Bieber once (okay, twice), you know Hailey had to pull together an epic look for her party – and tbh, she fully nailed it. The model stunned in a $55 ruched strapless midi dress in bridal-white (that's still available online, btw), then piled on all the required accessories for someone ready to walk down the aisle. She wore a veil, lucite heels, and a diamond-encrusted 'Bieber' chain – because, duh.Hailey herself posted only one single photo from the big night, that captures both her outfit and that big blingy engagement ring she's been wearing for the past 14 months. If her pre-wedding look is this good, you can bet her ceremony dress will have us shaking.Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Turn into the "might seduce your dad type" this Halloween. Billie Eilish can claim 2019 as her year. Her debut album When We All Fall Asleep, Where Do We Go? topped the Billboard chart and her music got plenty of co-signs from fellow celebs like Camila Cabello, Tyler the Creator and Lana Del Rey. Billie also made her mark as a total style icon. Her unconventional baggy, 90's aesthetic had people talking all year long. There's no doubt that Billie's going to be one of the most popular pop culture Halloween costumes this year, even if she's completely unaware of that herself. There's no way you could go wrong dressed up as Billie and nailing her look is actually pretty easy. Raid your closet for baggy clothes, a colorful wig and long press-on nails and you'll be on your way. But if you don't know where to start, here’s the best Billie Eilish Halloween costume ideas.Transform into a bloody Billie with this DIY costume from the music video for "Bad Guy." It's pretty simple. All you need is a white collared shirt and some silver chain necklaces. Don't forget to smear red lipstick near your nose and mouth for a bloody effect. SHES ON THE MOONA post shared by  BILLIE EILISH (@billieeilish) on Jun 4, 2019 at 11:36pm PDTThe easiest way to be Billie for Halloween is to rock her merch. At this point, lime green is Billie's signature color and it can be yours too with this two-piece outfit. This one's only for people that aren't creeped out by spiders. Copy Billie's look from the "You Should See Me in a Crown" music video by using an oversized white tee and a crown. Don't forget to decorate your crown with a few fake spiders.  Rep the iconic colors of Halloween by copying Billie’s outfit from the 2019 Yellow Ball. All you really need is an orange hoodie, a pair of green pants and your best Billie Eilish not-smiling face.  BAD GUY FEAT. JUSTIN BIEBER OUT NOWWW OMGFFFFGGG ANYTHING IS POSSIBLE MANA post shared by  BILLIE EILISH (@billieeilish) on Jul 11, 2019 at 12:11pm PDTIf you're just as obsessed with Justin Bieber as Billie was, then you need to dress up as pre-teen Billie. All you need to do is add some rainbow to your wardrobe and a satin hair bow. If you want to be extra, carry a photo of Justin around.  Billie crying black tears in the music video for "When the Party's Over" is probably one of her most memorable looks and it's a pretty easy costume to put together, too. Grab a blue wig, a white tee, some silver chains and some black paint to smear your face with.This Halloween will probably be your most comfortable one yet. Wearing this Billie Eilish outfit will make you feel like you're lounging at home. Nothing's more cozy than an oversized t-shirt. Not only is this outfit so Billie, but it's cute and comfortable, too. You might buy these yellow overalls to complete your Billie Eilish Halloween costume look, but you really can rock them any day of the year. This DIY costume will make you feel like you're delivering a show just like Billie. If you really want to go for it, add a mermaid green wing and a microphone to your getup. Cozy hoodies and baggy pants are literally Billie's signature look, so you can't go wrong with this yellow outfit Billie wore to Jimmy Kimmel Live. If you really want to complete your look, don't forget the green wig. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Hello, sunglasses. Goodbye, money. Usually, when Billie Eilish gets dressed, you can bank on a range of high-end designers (Chanel T-shirts, Gucci ankle pillows, Louis Vuitton denim jackets) mixed with emerging streetwear brands. She reps lots of graffiti print, nostalgic '90s cartoons, and plenty of neon hues. Now, she's working another major celeb's designs into her wardrobe rotation.Billie recently attended the iHeartRadio Music Festival, wearing a rhinestone-encrusted surgical mask, stacks of diamond rings, and a pair of ultra modern sunglasses. Basically, the Billie norm. careful who ya talkin toA post shared by  BILLIE EILISH (@billieeilish) on Sep 24, 2019 at 4:56pm PDTThe sunglasses in question are so on-brand that you'd think they were customized exclusively to fit Billie's style. In reality, they were designed by runway model Gigi Hadid for her latest collection with Vogue Eyewear. Unlike some pieces in Billie's wardrobe which boast a four-digit price tag, these frames are only $140 and you can shop them on Amazon right now.Judging by the glitzy stacks of ice adorning her fingers, you'd think that those shades are the only part of the look you can actually afford – and you'd be wrong. Her cubic zirconia rings are from affordable jewelry brand Adina's Jewels and they're both under $100. Looks like Billie loves a bargain just as much as you do. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			So many scrunchies. Take a scroll through YouTuber Emma Chamberlain's Instagram feed and you'll get hit with a wave of fashion inspo so intense, it'll inspire you to start online shopping for micro sunglasses and retro crop tops immediately. Every time she posts a pic, Emma serves up laid-back Cali vibes with just a hit 1990s inspiration. The influencer was repping VSCO girl style looong before it was even a thing. Her simplistic style feels effortless, which is great because it means you can recreate her best outfits with ease. If you're intent on copying the style star, you've come to the right place. Behold: the cutest Emma Chamberlain outfits that will make you feel like an influencer. Dress up a vintage high-rise jean with a teeny beaded mini bag and a cropped cardigan. The details make boyfriend-cut blues look perfectly femme. Emma makes the VSCO girl favorite feel so chic by styling it up with a ribbed crop and a pastel plaid mini. Make your Air Force 1s feel a little girly with a powder pink puffer jacket. Pair striped retro denim with an itty bitty crop top and don't forget the scrunchie.  Cher Horowitz is SHAKING. Emma revived the iconic '90s look with a little flare of her own: a woven handbag and her trademark white crop top. Animal print always goes with a solid pair of combat boots. Emma added a cropped sweatshirt to make the pairing her own.Emma made her favorite sneakers feel nerdy-cute with a cropped sweater vest and baggy rip-knee jeans. Who would have guessed Emma's best look would involve a faux-fur bucket hat? She wore it with a ton of retro staples (high rise shorts and a mini cardi) for the ultimate fashion throwback.A chic splash of white will make your vibrant hues pop even more. Emma just proved that lucite jewels are here to stay. Her clear earring and eyeglass combo is next level.  Emma even managed to make a prim bow blouse look cool with plaid pants and a fanny pack.Emma loves a good micro sunnie, this red hot pair will make even the most basic outfit look edgy. Take it from Emma: a sleek white bodysuit needs to be the next addition to your closet.Take it back to the 80's and try a neon lime green bikini. Emma styled hers with street style sneakers and iridescent sunnies.   This sleek look should feel super prepster, but thanks to the chunky boots and mini bag, Emma gives it a fashion-forward vibe. Emma took a note out of Eleven's book in an '80s-inspired geometric jumpsuit. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Gold blazer, anyone? Summer break just began, but somehow homecoming is only a couple of months away. Get a jump on your suit shopping thanks to these crazy stylish homecoming outfits. Whether you want to keep it classic with black or show off your unique style with an unexpected pattern (floral print, anyone?), these suits will impress your date and look great on the dance floor. Ahead, shop the coolest homecoming outfits for guys. Add touchable texture to your look (while still keeping it classic) with an ever-stylish velvet blazer. Reach for a matching black trouser or a fashion-y plaid pant when styling up this piece.  You'll be the star of the whole freaking dance in this tropical fuschia suit. Inject a dose of chicness into your look without going overboard by selecting a dark plaid print. The almost-black color scheme keeps things lowkey, but still trendy. Wear this maroon single-button suit and you'll be the most dapper dude at homecoming, no question.There's nothing better than a confident man wearing pink – because, you know, gender norms are BS. This pastel version is summery and so cool. A metallic blazer somehow looks totally punk rock layered with distressed skinny jeans and some stellar jewelry. Get you a suit that does double duty. Paired up with a crisp button down and white sneakers for homecoming, then wear the jacket and jeans separately to class, parties, and beyond.This '20s-inspired pinstripe suit is perfectly balanced with cool sneakers and simple crewneck tee.  Have some fun with color and go for a bright blue. You will definitely stand out in the sea of black suits. Light grey suits are the best combination of dressed-up and laid-back. AKA: the perfect homecoming outfit for guys. Try this retro-inspired taupe set. The color combo can easily feel grandpa, so style it with a simple tee and white sneakers for a homecoming outfit worthy of any hypebeast.Nothing beats a classic black suit. Wear this one to homecoming and you're guaranteed to match your date – no matter what they wear. Gingham print is typically found in the closets of frat daddies and prepsters, but this suit is proof that the classic pattern can look super edgy when styled the right way. Checks over stripes, amiright? Cobalt and powder blue makes a plaid set look straight off the runway.Black and white: timeless and classic. This slim-fit option will never go out of style, but still looks super trendy.This olive set is an investment you'll use for years. Between rush parties, presentations, and internship interviews, you're going to need a quality suit once you get to college.   It's classic for a reason – you can never go wrong with a clean ivory. This outfit allows you to go wild with patterned shirts and ties.  This gorgeous blue suit puts a twist on a homecoming classic. If typical black suits are a bit too boring for you, I guarantee this paisley suit will put a little excitement back in your life (and wardrobe).This forest green ensemble is a cool departure from a black tux, but still totally wearable. Pair it with a patterned shirt for a little more style.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's your new go-to phrase. Becoming a VSCO girl is more than just nailing their 90's/Cali-inspired outfits. Sure you can take "candids" dressed in a pair of Vans, an oversized shirt and your Fjallraven Kanken backpack, but that's not all it takes to claim the aesthetic. It's not even enough to have "save the turtles" in your Instagram bio. To walk the walk, you've got to master the talk first and that means adding a "sksksk and I oop" to your vocab. The "sksksk and I oop" phrase can be applied to almost any kind of situation. Let me explain. In order to understand "sksksk and I oop," you first have to get how to use the two terms separately. Sksksk is how VSCO girls express laughter. To fully get into VSCO girl mode, you need to switch up the way you laugh online. Instead of LOL'ing, you'd use sksksk instead. The actual sound of the phrase is similar to the sound you make when you suck your teeth and some VSCO girls will joking laugh like that IRL to troll people close to them. Here's an example. Now, let's get into "and I oop." "And I oop" is something VSCO girls uses to express shock. Let's say you just dropped your Hydroflask water bottle into a puddle of mud by mistake and now you are shooketh because it's dirty af. An appropriate response would be "and I oop."But you can also use "And I oop" to express your enjoyment. Let's say it's your friend's bday and she's FaceTiming you her outfit. If you think she looks really good, you could say "and I oop." You could even take it a notch further and use the whole phrase "sksksk and I oop." A post shared by sums (@summermckeen) on Jun 7, 2019 at 4:53pm PDTIn other words, "And I oop" is the perfect response to anything that catches you off guard. Jasmine Masters from the seventh season of RuPaul's Drag Race actually coin the phrase in a YouTube video that went viral. So, "sksksk and I oop" together can basically be applied to almost any situation. You can use it after slaying tf out of your Instagram selfie, watching something cringe-worthy on YouTube or after spotting a fellow VSCO girl. Sksksk and I oop, do you. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Yep, that's a bustier.At last night's 2019 Emmy Awards, Zendaya showed up looking like the starring role in the live-action remake of The Little Mermaid. She stunned in a lux emerald satin gown that may or may not have come straight from the ocean. To polish off the custom Vera Wang dress, the Euphoria actress added lots of diamonds, which complimented the ensemble perfectly alongside her cascading burgundy curls. Not only is she serving sultry mermaid vibes, Zendaya looked mad sexy thanks to the gown's bustier-inspired bodice, a design detail that would have looked right at home on the runway at Rihanna's Savage x Fenty show.The lingerie-esq aesthetic has been Z's favorite vibe as of late. During New York Fashion Week, she flaunted a shimmery see-through bustier front row at the Vera Wang runway show.Ya heard it here first, y'all. Underwear is now outerwear. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Selfie-ready in minutes.Summer is over and it’s time to get back into the swing of things (BRB crying!). When you can’t remember how you ever got dressed in anything but flip-flops, the seasonal transition can feel ~so~ annoying. We’ve narrowed down your new must-haves for every occasion this fall. And BTW, these wardrobe updates are so cute, you won’t even be bummed to retire your flip-flops. Most importantly? You may even feel low-key pumped for the new season.ICYMI, the Going Out Top is *officially* back. Level up the glam factor for girls’ night out in a sparkly top and black skinnies. Just add your fave booties, and a bold fragrance like Jimmy Choo Fever. With notes of sweet black plum nectar, this yummy scent is the perfect finishing touch for your *lewk.*Get the Look Jimmy Choo Fever eau da Parfum, $115, macys.comCalvin Klein metallic top, $59.50, macys.com Kendall + Kylie faux-leather skinny pants, $79, macys.com Workout, but make it #fashion. Nail the not-a-try-hard but still cute look with a comfy hoodie and stretchy leggings, because, um, gym sesh. And it never hurts to get a few compliments on some new neon sneaks, right?Get the LookChampion sweatshirt, $37.50, macys.com Relay crop legging, $27.50, artizia.com MZ Wallace bag, $125, mzwallace.com Adidas by Stella McCartney, $195, farfetch.com  When your mood says “I came for Grandma but stayed for the selfies,” go for a printed midi skirt and fun earrings. Just add flats and a tee, and spritz on a fresh scent like Carolina Herrera GOOD GIRL. The light jasmine is just the right dose of sweet, plus a hint of spice to keep it you.Get the Look Carolina Herrera GOOD GIRL Eau de Parfum, $117, macys.com Calvin Klein floral midi skirt, $49.99, macys.com Zenzii petunia stud earrings, $30, macys.com The name of the game is casual but cute, so pair a cozy oversized v-neck with jeans and sneaks. Add a flirty leopard belt bag to stash lipgloss and money for ~all~ the snacks. Get the Look Equipment cashmere sweater, $295, netaporter.comTopshop moto high waist jeans, $75, nordstrom.comClare V. leather fanny pack, $299, nordstrom.com Veja V-12 mesh sneakers, $140, bloomingdales.comFeel like a #boss in a chic blazer and statement earrings when you need the extra confidence to nail that presentation you’ve prepped all semester. Complete your vibe with a clean floral scent, like Versace Bright Crystal, to give yourself that extra boost while you wow everyone with your brilliance. Get the LookVersace Bright Crystal Eau de Toilette, $95, macys.com Calvin Klein double breasted blazer, $149, macys.com I.N.C. doorknocker drop earrings, $29.50, macys.com From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The full show is now available on Amazon Movie.  As of midnight last night, you can watch Rihanna's Savage x Fenty runway show right on your phone, exclusively on Amazon Prime Video. What's in store for the people who download it, you ask? Well, Rihanna booty pops, Normani makes an appearance, and, oh yeah, Gigi Hadid walks the runway in not one, but TWO thongs. For the second season in a row, Gigi walked the runway for Riri's iconic lingerie show. This time around, she wore a sexy bra-and-panty set underneath a crazy-hot G-string, underneath a see-through thong bodysuit. Long story short: she doubled up on thongs. A true icon.Not only can you watch Gigi slay on the runway, you can also buy her entire outfit for yourself on Amazon – you know, if you're into wearing two thongs at once. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Somehow it hasn't sold out yet.In the latest leg of Camila Cabello and Shawn Mendes' national We're Dating, Isn't It Cute? tour, the pair were spotted holding hands while out and about in West Hollywood.In the midst of their adorable outing, Camila settled the question I ask myself every night before bed: what exactly does one wear on a date with Shawn Mendes? The answer: this chic floral midi dress from Reformation. It's the perfect laid-back option, because it looks low-key, but still has a touch of sexiness, thanks to the thigh slit and flirty sweetheart neckline. Now, unlike Camila, you do not have an upcoming date with Shawn Mendes on your calendar, but you can still shop this dress for yourself. The midi is still available on the Reformation website for a cool $248. $248 does sound like quite the investment, but honestly, you can't put a price on a dress worn by Camila Cabello on a date with Shawn Mendes, can you?Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			But really, stop.When it comes to style, Billie Eilish is a freaking superhero. Her powers? Piling on the weirdest pieces of clothing you've ever seen and pulling it off as easily as the rest of us pull off a white tee and jeans. Her latest, possibly greatest feat is wearing a pair of Pizzaslime sweatpants with the words "STOP LOOKING AT MY D*CK" written across the crotch.  For most people, that would be more than enough of a statement, but no, Billie didn't stop there. She merchandized the sassy sweats with cross-shaped sunglasses and a bandana that makes her look like the new Mayor of Flavortown. The pants, while somewhat hilarious, stay true to Billie's entire dressing mantra: what's underneath her clothes is none of your business.  In a video for Vogue Australia, Billie dished about why she always wears baggy clothing: "What I like about just dressing like I'm 800 sizes bigger than I am is it kind of gives nobody the opportunity to judge what your body looks like," she explained.So do us all a favor and stop looking at Billie's d*ck. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Hello, snakeskin. Thick 👏 thighs 👏 save 👏 lives 👏. And plus size brand Fashion to Figure has just created a collection of over-the-knee boots to cater to them. To create this exciting drop, they teamed up with fashion blogger Nadia Aboulhosn to design three different designs of over-the-knee boots that will actually fit your thighs. They created not one, but three different designs: a snakeskin, a lace-up, and a timeless black suede. Nadia gushed about the new collection on her Instagram. "I just want you to live your best thicky thicc gal lives in these [boots]," she wrote. "Tag me in ur pics so I can see them all once you wear them 😩 you guys are going to kill it and have me weak." THE COUNTDOWN IS ON... ⏱ Tag your squad. ✨ Don’t let them miss the drop.  #NADIAxFTFA post shared by  Fashion to Figure (@fashiontofigure) on Sep 17, 2019 at 6:36pm PDTNow, over-the-knee boots aren't the only newness coming to the site. The Nadia collection includes a full line of shoes and accessories – I'm talking animal print pumps, oversized sunnies, hair clips, mini bags, the works. You can shop it all on the Fashion to Figure website and shop my personal favorites below.Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			They're soooo worth the hype.Apart from the scrunchie on the wrist and the reusable water bottle, the best way to spot a VSCO girl is by her shoes. There are a few trademark pairs that every trendy girl wears nonstop – a pair of two-strap Birkenstocks, the classic checkered Vans, and yes, those plastic Croc clogs Ariana Grande loves so much. And if you haven't already invested in a pair yourself, you're missing out, because the hype around these shoes is real. So, if you're looking to become a part of this trendy subset, scroll ahead for all the cutest VSCO girl shoes that are trending now.These beachy shoes always give off a low-key Cali vibe. They're a planet-friendly investment (save the turtles), because one pair will last you years, thanks to the quality material. Even if your style doesn't align with a breezy VSCO girl, this iconic sneaker deserves a spot on your weekly lineup. They're comfy, chill, and the black and white checks are surprisingly versatile. High top Chuck Taylors are a favorite of VSCO girls, because they add a dose of 1990s flare to any look you pair them with.Plastic Crocs are the calling card of a VSCO girl and Ariana Grande just made the shoe go viral. A clean white pair go perfectly with tube socks and an oversized T-shirt. Even when they're beat up from months of wear, these sneakers will still look cool. Honestly, the dirtier the better. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She's never NOT rocking a lewk.She plays the fashion-obsessed wild child on the hit television show Modern Family, but off-screen, Sarah Hyland has a unique style all her own. Whether she's flaunting that massive engagement ring on the red carpet or just casually getting groceries hand-in-hand with her man Wells Adams, Hyland always looks straight-up fierce. She loves a good plunging neckline and femme details like XL ruffles and plenty of rich jewel tones. Anyway, my point is: there's literally no better celeb to steal style inspiration from, so I've rounded up some of the best looks she's ever worn. Here are all the best Sarah Hyland outfits from the past year, plus affordable look-alike options you can shop to mimic  her show-stopping style.This look is super easy to throw on and go. Even in two seconds, this pair-up looks chic.An off-the-shoulder dress really accentuates your collar bone and brings a lowkey sexy vibe. Add a pop of color to your favorite white top and jeans with sleek accessories. It's an easy way to elevate your ensemble while keeping it casual. An electric pink mini dress with a huge ruffle can guarantee all eyes on you. Keep accessories minimal to let the dress do all the talking. This teddy bear coat is as plush as soft as your favorite fluffy blanket, but somehow looks so fashion.Crystals are totally having a moment right now. So instead of going for your basic gold and silver jewelry, try for a sparkly gemstone. They look just as cute with a floor-length gown as they do with a graphic tee and mini skirt.A great transitional piece from summer to fall is the swing dress. In the summer, wear as is with cute sandals. Then for fall add a cute jean jacket and booties. Sarah Hyland's dress has it all: a plunging neckline, a geometric print, and a touchable velvet fabric. It's a level of chic I never knew you could achieve. This boxy dress is simplistic, but thanks to the silver sheen and low v-neck, Sarah's still looking interesting. A casual ribbed sweater and thigh-high boots makes for a great date night outfit. The ultimate weekend-chic look: a longline cardigan buttoned up like a dress paired with a boho hat. A bodycon white dress is clean and simplistic. Add a sleek ponytail like Sarah's to really show off that bare shoulder.The LBD got an upgrade. Sarah slayed this version with modern a plunging neckline and statement shoulders.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She lives for the 1460s.  As one of the highest-paid models in the world, Gigi Hadid probably owns enough shoes that she could wear a different pair every day for a year and never rep the same ones twice. But still, the fashion icon keeps returning to the same shoe over and over again: the classic 1460 Boot from Dr. Martens.In the past week alone, Gigi has been spotted wearing her go-to stompers on two separate occasions. Once, paired with a cozy all-denim airport look, then one day later with cool zippered cargo pants.Yep, she's obsessed. In fact, over the past year, Gigi has been seen wearing the combat boots not once, not twice, but TEN different times. She has styled up her beloved Docs with everything in her closet, from plush joggers to Beetlejuice-inspired striped suits and even with luxury runway looks backstage at fashion shows. Just look at all this outfit inspo:Now, if you want to copy any one of these effortlessly chic outfits, all you have to do is swing by the Dr. Martens website. The 1460 Boot is one of their top-sellers, which means it's always fully stocked in both womens and mens sizes. Due to the quality materials used in the boots, they are a bit of a splurge at $140, but trust, you'll be wearing these babies for years.Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Sister burn.Beloved YouTuber and beauty vlogger James Charles is still in recovery after carrying all of New York Fashion Week on his back. He owned the red carpet, donning endless looks at I have since pledged to copy. But, because James decided to step out of the tired shirt-and-pants uniform men have been restricted to for the past like hundred years, his looks got some attention from trolls on Twitter. hello new york fashion week 🗽 pic.twitter.com/6SSCLLH1Z4After James posted the above outfit, one commenter responded, making fun of him for wearing a very fabulous pair of heels. "Sis, your big toe on the ground," the person wrote.Sis, your big toe on the ground. pic.twitter.com/SFQc7HwPiUJames was 100% unbothered by the post, hitting back with a cool: "that’s because I am a man in heels lizz."that’s because I am a man in heels lizz https://t.co/RQFXy87uUKYep, James has no time for the hate. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Hot girl summer continues.And y'all thought #hotgirlsummer was over!Demi Lovato is bringing bikini energy all the way through September with an unedited selfie that has Instagram on fire. After posting a picture of her (gorgeous)(beautiful) cellulite on Instagram last week, the singer is staying true to her pledge to no longer photoshop her photos.She shared yet another totally unedited bikini picture and looked just as stunning the second time. I mean dayum!  No photoshop pls & thank u. Also big thanks to @izabelag4 & @maremareswimw for my new fav bikini... y’all know my thing for leopard print bikinis and now of course lime green 💚💚💚A post shared by  Demi Lovato (@ddlovato) on Sep 14, 2019 at 9:22pm PDT"No photoshop pls & thank u," she captioned the mirror pic. "Also big thanks to @izabelag4 & @maremareswimw for my new fav bikini... y’all know my thing for leopard print bikinis and now of course lime green 💚💚💚." The pop star recently dyed the tips of her hair neon green (a Billie Eilish-inspired choice, perhaps?), so when she picked her newest swimwear, Demi went with a matching shade of slime. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Here's where you can buy them.  Take a long, romantic scroll through the Explore Tab on your Instagram and you'll undoubtedly see some form of the unfailingly trendy, Cali-inspired VSCO girl. And if you've seen those girls, you've probably also seen one of those candy-colored, square-shaped backpacks. They all wear them and they're all the exact same brand. May I introduce you to: Fjällräven's Kånken, the official VSCO girl backpack. The utilitarian pack is item number one on the VSCO girl starter pack, right alongside the two-strap Arizona Birkenstocks and the pastel Hydroflask. Made by sustainable Swedish brand Fjällräven, these book bags were initially invented in 1978 with the goal of preventing back problems in students. In 2019, they're bright, functional, and offer a perfect canvas for personalization (read: enamel pins, keychains, and handmade woven friendship bracelets). Plus, they look great on an Instagram feed when photographed next to a pair of trendy VSCO girl-approved sneakers.   Even if you aren't personally VSCO-aligned, the Kånken Mini is still a solid backpack option for back to school. Yes, it costs $70, but its durable nylon outer is designed for hardcore outdoor activities, so it should last you at least four to five semesters, easy.Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			My middle school self is SCREAMING.No one knows the value of a solid pair of go-with-everything black shoes, quite like SpongeBob SquarePants, a sponge who has worn the same black shoes literally every single day of his life. Timberland is bringing that same energy to shoppers, thanks to their new collection that '90s babies will for sure be wearing on repeat. The iconic brand, known for their chunky boots, is releasing an entire SpongeBob SquarePants collection, in celebration of the show's 20-year anniversary. And in related news: I am officially one-thousand years old. On Sept. 13 (TODAY, Y'ALL!), you can shop Timberland's signature 6" Premium Waterproof Boots in two new Sponge-inspired designs: a jellyfish-blue stomper with a net-clad SpongeBob on it and an all-black version with the square's face right on the tongue. If Timberland boots aren't your thing – they are a vibe – you can still cash in on the nostalgia. Timb is doing a full clothing drop, in addition to the two boot designs, which includes streetwear necessities, like jackets, T-shirts, and hoodies.The collection is out now, so fans can shop the boots and clothing in US Timberland stores and online.Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Which side are you on?Every once in a while, among the floods of skinny jeans and crop tops, a fashion trend hits that ignites a lot of emotion in people. Right now, a styling trick is gaining steam and, well, let's just say the internet is really freaking out about it. Both on the feet of fashion influencers and on New York Fashion Week runways, style stars are revamping the classic jeans-and-strappy-heels pairing. Instead of strapping them around their ankles, people are tying lace-up sandals around the bottom of their pants. Like any trend, this trick is just a recycled favorite from years past, but people are still shocked by the style. Check it out:Now, I'm all for fashion innovation in any form and I firmly believe that a person can pull off literally anything if they have enough confidence. But the internet is torn and people have some pretty strong feelings about it. Commenters can't pick a side. One commenter said: "Love the ankle strap shoes around the pants trend!", while another wrote: "Why people doing laces round jeans now 😩 imma say I’d never do that but I bet I bloody will 🤣."Meanwhile, on Twitter:I HATE when y’all lace up heels or sandals over pants. Bitttttch that’s no.I hate when y’all have lace up heels and you lace them hoes up over your fucking pants.tbh this trend of tying your heels over your jeans does not impress me bc when I was 6 I was tying my lace up espadrille wedges over my embroidered flared jeans and was relentlessly made fun of at school.... so what tf is up now @ my 1st grade classmates 🧐🧐🧐If you wearing strapping sandals/heels.... please please Lord please do not tie them around your pants bro 🤦🏽‍♀️Let's settle this debate once and for all:Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You can shop it now in plus and straight sizes. There's one show at New York Fashion Week that always supplies an epic red carpet and that's Rihanna's Savage x Fenty. It's a lingerie brand, which means fans always get the fashion content we deserve: celebrities in underwear.At last night's show, Bella Hadid was once again the star of the whole entire event. On top of fully slaying the runway, Bella also flaunted Riri's sexy designs on the red carpet like the pro that she is.Instead of wearing your typical suit-and-a-button-up, Bella skipped the shirt all together, letting Rihanna's Floral Lace Bralette stand as a hero piece under an oversized emerald set.  This daring look already had me shaking, but once I found out her bralette is only $30 on Amazon, I almost dropped to the floor. Yep, you can shop this exact bra – plus three other colorways – online now, in both plus size and straight. Bye, money! It was nice knowing ya!Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			MEN IN HEELS 2020!It's like Coachella all over again, because James Charles just CANNOT stop serving us looks! The YouTuber and beauty icon has been making the rounds this fashion week, looking like he walked off the runway himself.James started off the week in a chic-to-death powder blue shirt dress, but his latest 'fit might be his best yet. Last night, he attended Rihanna's top-secret Savage x Fenty runway show (you can watch it on Amazon Prime Video Sept. 20). There were no phones allowed inside, but thankfully, photogs were there to capture James' ensemble.For the second time this week, he opted for the no-pants look, stunning in a buckled blazer dress. The dress alone was fire, but the accessories where what really elevated this fashion moment: a $1,195 Off-White bag, a padlock necklace, and a pair of strappy stiletto heels.James is known for challenging soceity's bullsh*t gender norms – I mean, he literally does makeup for a living. He told Seventeen that for him, clothing has no gender."Clothing I feel like for me is subjective – clothing has no gender obviously and for me it’s just all about feeling confident and feeling body confident, too," he said.Say it again for the people in the back!!!Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			PS: Her shoes are only $31.When I say the words: "Crocs," "oversized hoodie," and "mirror selfie," what comes to mind? Probably the go-to outfit of a viral VSCO girl. But no, I'm actually describing pop icon Ariana Grande. Yep, the singer known for bunny ears and stiletto pumps has traded her wardrobe staples in exchange for VSCO's favorite accessories. On Instagram, she shared her latest outfit pic, posing in front of a full-length mirror wearing tube socks and a pair of white Crocs. She kept the look feeling authentically Ari with her signature high ponytail and a baggy sweatshirt.  wanderin n wonderin 🍂A post shared by  Ariana Grande (@arianagrande) on Sep 10, 2019 at 9:00am PDT baby platypusA post shared by  Ariana Grande (@arianagrande) on Sep 10, 2019 at 11:37am PDTOversized tops and comfy Crocs sandals are the calling card of any self-identifying VSCO girl and for good reason: they're cheap. If you're into Ari's look, you can copy it for less than $31 (not kidding). Shop her shoes below.Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			This is a look work repeating.It's a give-in that during fashion week, celebs, influencers, and editors (hi, hello!) are all serving looks on looks on looks. But YouTuber James Charles has just put the rest of us to shame with an outfit that could kill. He attended the Tommy x Zendaya runway show on Sept. 8 wearing a layered-up powder blue shirt dress that matched his new white-blonde locks perfectly. Usually, when James goes out to a celeb-studded event he serves us some form of stylish nudity. This time, he was fully clothed, but still made his 'fit feel 100% JC. The beauty guru was beat to the gods (would you expect anything less?) and customized his look with a vintage-inspired statement belt and stacks of silvery bling. And just like that, fashion week is officially over and everyone else can just go home. Follow Kelsey on Instagram! 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			And it's all under $80. Camila Cabello is really playing with my emotions this week. Within the last seven days, she has made out with Shawn Mendes, dished about how they're going to "fall for each other like nobody's watching," announced her new album Romance, AND dropped an entire merch collection. It's almost too much.But right now, we're going to focus on the merch, because y'all, this drop is really good. Right now, fans can shop angelic pieces inspired by Camila's two new songs "Liar," and "Shameless."If you're Team "Liar," Camila has stocked hoodies, a T-shirt, a poster, and a really sick tie-dye bandanna. If "Shameless" is your bop of choice, shop T-shirts, jewelry, and a poster, all emblazoned with the name of the song. Camila herself did a merch haul on her Instagram, single-handedly inspiring me to purchase. Well, that, and the fact that every single item is under $80.  I’m happy to inform you this new merch is both extremely cozy AND twerkable 🥰😈😈😈😈😋😋😋 go get it at: !!!!! (and send me pix once you have it!!!!) https://CamilaCabello.lnk.to/RomanceA post shared by  camila (@camila_cabello) on Sep 5, 2019 at 10:34am PDTIf you're trying to shop Romance merch before it sells out, click here to check out the full collection. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			We all know new backpacks are the best part of back to school.Your battered old bio textbook is packed with useful information (Neurons! Punnett squares! Chlorophyll!), but it isn't exactly the trendiest accessory for your first day outfit. That's why you need a cute backpack for school to kick off your year right.Hide away all your ugly (but useful) books in these stylish backpacks that will totally slay your first day of school. Though you can shop this sleek backpack on Muggle websites, I'd bet my wand it's on the official Hogwarts school supply list. The mini bag comes with luxury gold hardware, with a replica of Harry's wand in place of a handle. If you're known for falling in love with succulents, get this cute cactus backpack and rep your green thumb year round.Jazz up any outfit with this fun color-block backpack.A quirky, boxy shape adds interest to a simple canvas backpack. You'll be excited to go to school with this backpack. If prints and patterns aren't your thing, go for an all-white backpack with a pop of color. Your backpack doesn't have to ruin your outfit. Fashion lovers will love this glam patent leather bag. Step up your bag game with this chic transparent tote.A bright-colored backpack will add some life to your gloomy Monday. Here's another fun option if you're not into the traditional backpack.Girly florals not your thing? Try a utilitarian design. On Wednesdays, you can wear pink – and the rest of the week too. Swirly unicorn colors make Mondays so much better. Look sleek for school without breaking the bank.This backpack has puppies all over it. Need we say more?Not a backpack girl? Get a chic faux leather tote instead.This ultra-lightweight backpack is perfect for your heavy AF school supplies.This bag is perfectly sized to fit all seven of your Harry Potter books, just FYI.Between the color-changing sequins and your first initial, it's literally impossible to lose this backpack.Go super minimalist with a monochromatic bag in your fave color.Get your floral on.Use this clear backpack to carry all your cute af school supplies, and show them off at the same time.A pop of color is always a good idea. Ash Rose Backpack, $65, HerschelSHOP HEREA simplistic design keeps your bag from looking kiddie, but still holds everything on your school supply list.Vans Realm Backpack, $35, ZapposSHOP HEREBlack and white checks give an old-school '90s vibe to a simple canvas backpack.They say you should always make time to stop and smell the roses – the same goes for book bag shopping.Be a unicorn in a room full of horses, just like this tote.This burgundy backpack will literally go with everything and the shiny gold zippers feel so glam.This quilted backpack is not only adorable, but it's super practical —it has a padded laptop sleeve and extra pockets to keep your school supplies perfectly organized.Here's a fun game: spot the Millennium Falcons hidden in this funky floral print.Honestly, the logo says it all.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"I guess stealing from queer artists for profit is fine."The irony of it all... Just days after Ariana Grande's team filed a lawsuit against Forever 21 for using a "look-alike model" on their website, Ari herself is facing BIG backlash for allegedly stealing her rhinestone-covered "7 Rings" outfit from drag queen Farrah Moan. On Twitter, the RuPaul's Drag Race star aired out all the drama. She told fans that Ariana's team reportedly sent a photo of her wearing the below look to the designer, asking for a replica.  lil preview of my #as4 entrance look ⭐️✨⭐️✨ Photo by @britterstA post shared by  Farrah Moan 🍸 (@farrahrized) on Dec 10, 2018 at 10:56am PST Dripping In diamonds 💎✨ Photo by @vicovelezphotography  Hair @wigsandgraceA post shared by  Farrah Moan 🍸 (@farrahrized) on Dec 14, 2018 at 2:48pm PSTFarrah is now accusing Ariana of "stealing from queer artists for profit," because the original version of the bedazzled bodysuit was created in a collaboration between Farrah herself and a queer 18-year-old designer from Louisiana. "He constructed it but the concept, idea, design and supplies were all provided by ME," Farrah Tweeted. "The only thing her design is missing is the chandelier crystals on the hip because Ariana couldn’t have laid down on the counter with the amount of detailing mine had."Here's the full tea-spill:Ariana should give me a cut of that 10M since her team literally sent a pic of me to the designer and paid them to copy my look from as4. (Finally met the designer and got told the Tea) I guess stealing from queer artists for profit is fine tho 🤷🏼‍♀️ pic.twitter.com/1smGr8K4G0I don’t fault the designer because the designer she hired was a local queen and paid them ALOT of money to do it, money they couldn’t turn down. And then was honest with me about it. So no, I don’t fault the drag queen that made it at all. Ariana has COIN.The only thing her design is missing is the chandelier crystals on the hip because Ariana couldn’t have laid down on the counter with the amount of detailing mine hadIt was a collaborative design between me and a queer 18 year old based out of Louisiana.He constructed it but the concept, idea, design and supplies were all provided by ME. 🤗I love her too! I wasn’t gonna even say anything or care because I was actually flattered by it and I’ve known for MONTHS but now it’s kinda getting to me since she’s just racking in millions over itCelebrity impersonation falls under parody which is 100% legal and I actually have the blessing of the artist I impersonate... so try again sweetie ;)Last thing ima say on this; the main ppl at fault here are her team. If that queen didnt recreate it, they woulda found someone who would. When ur team makes a mistake, it falls on u. Idc what the lawsuit is really about, her legal team is accusing theft of likeness, image, w/e -But the point is her team also stole. U can attack me all day but it’s not gonna change anything. I can admit I was petty with that gif I posted& I’ll apologize for that but at the end of the day they did what they did. Idc about suing anyone, just needed to put this out thereAriana hasn't yet commented on the drama. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I'm just gonna pretend I stole this hoodie directly from Shawn's closet. My bank account is SHAKING, because Shawn Mendes has just released an epic clothing collection and it's what cozy-girl dreams are made of. The "If I Can't Have You" singer took a break from publically making out with Camila Cabello to collaborate on a limited-edition capsule collection with Canadian outdoor lifestyle brand Roots.Just like his last album, Shawn Mendes, the entire collection is covered in powder pink roses. The symbol appears on comfy hoodies, knit joggers, oversized tees, and cool jackets – the staple pieces of the athleisure collection. Roots x Shawn Mendes Womens Kanga Hoody, $128, RootsSHOP NOW"With the launch of my foundation earlier this week, my upcoming hometown show and now the release of my second collaboration with Roots – I’m so grateful to have the support of this iconic Canadian brand and being able to give back with them," said Shawn. "I hope everyone loves these pieces as much as I do."Fans can shop the collection in Roots stores across Canada starting at 10 am ET today. International fans (AKA all the stans in the US) can cop their own swag on the Roots website or, ya know, just keep scrolling, because you can shop every single piece below. Roots x Shawn Mendes Unisex T-shirt, $48, RootsSHOP NOWRoots x Shawn Mendes Unisex Black Kanga Hoody, $128, RootsSHOP NOWRoots x Shawn Mendes Women's Awards Jacket, $178, RootsSHOP NOWRoots x Shawn Mendes Womens Capri, $78, RootsSHOP NOWRoots x Shawn Mendes Womens Black T- Shirt, $48, RootsSHOP NOWRoots x Shawn Mendes Womens Sleeveless Hoodie, $78, RootsSHOP NOW Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			No, you don't have to wear a white tee and jeans. Whether you're taking sophomore yearbook photos or prepping for a full-blown senior picture photoshoot, picking the perfect outfit is as stressful as the first day of school and prom all in one. You know your mom is going to give these pictures to every relative you possess, plus it's going to live in your yearbook literally forever, so you need to look fabulous.If you need to plan out an entire outfit or you just need to look photographable from the neck up, these casual-cute senior picture outfits have you covered. Check out all inspo you need to slay your class photos. Show your wild side with this leopard print wrap dress. Keep the accessories and makeup minimal for a chic senior photo.Senior photo shoots mean you can ignore all those ridiculous school dress codes. Take advantage in a smocked off-the-shoulder top with a touch of '70s flare.A chic shirt dress is the ultimate two-second outfit. A pastel denim version feels fashion-y and goes perfectly with a pair of cool white kicks. Betty Cooper is SCREAMING. Try her signature look with a fitted denim mini and sneakers for a touch of chill.Faux leather and leopard print is an outfit combination that screams "future fashion major." An easy floral dress polished off with strappy retro sandals makes for a perfect senior picture outfit. Find a platform heel that works with a button-up denim dress for a look that makes you feel like a 11/10.Stripes are always a good idea. There will be no "OMG WHAT WAS I THINKING" when you look back at pictures, thanks to this timeless wardrobe staple. Feeling the '90s? This perfect fitted turtleneck worn with faded black jeans will have you feeling the vibe.Monochromatic looks make for a cool, modern feel. Go for contrasting shades of magenta for a simple, but daring look.A-little bit country, a little bit cozy. Show off your sweet side with a floral mini and black western boots.This cozy sweater goes with anything. Layer it over a dress for casual boho vibes or pair it up with skinnies and heels.If there's anyone you should take style advice from, it's Riverdale's queen bee. A cropped jacket and skirt will give you all the cool-girl sporty vibes.  If you live in your moto jacket, make it a senior picture moment. Layer over a fitted dress or try with a classic T-shirt.  Not sure what to pair with your beloved Dr. Martens? A black mini and a bold sweater is an unexpected mashup that still serves grunge. Try just a little shoulder with this preppy-chic striped sweater. Have fun with color and try a bold pant or skirt.Channel your inner Elle Woods in a the preppy classic tweed skirt. This onesie will make a statement in your pics and take you straight through fall. Sneakers, boots, flats, basically any shoe will look fab with this jumpsuit.You can never go wrong with a classic white top. This updated version features an asymmetrical cut that offers a unique twist on the go-with-anything basic.Simply knot this statement shirt and throw on your fav jeans – and a classic gold hoop is always a good idea.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			 Read: SNAKESKIN.Pro tip: a sick new pair of shoes will make your entire outfit look brand new, even if you're shamelessly repeating a look from last year. Heading into fall 2019, there are tons of chic new shoe-related trends that you can throw your dollars at. Strut down the hallway in fall's hottest shoe designs: snakeskin, millennial green, cow print, lug soles, and fur-coated. These footwear fads all deserve your attention, but if you need help narrowing it down, just keep on reading. Right ahead, all the coolest shoe options – and not single pair over $150. So click ahead and start adding your faves to your cart. You're going to to slay the footwear game this season.Trust me, you'll be reaching for these multicolor snakeskin booties all autumn long. Not only are they cute, but they are a cinch to style. Just lean into one hue from the multicolored pattern and you'll be dressed in no time. These chunky snakeskin trainers are the perfect fall sneaks to kick off the school year. Try choosing neutral tones to maximize your looks. Like every fall season before, snakeskin is taking over. Thes chunky snakeskin sandals that are so on trend and at $22, they're a total steal. Pair them with a simple T-shirt, jeans, and a moto jacket for an effortless, cool-girl vibe. A chic-looking tall boot for under $100? Please hold while I add these to my cart immediately.  Another trend you'll be seeing all over campus this fall are big, statement-making buckles. Try a flat that combines the two trends in one.A printed slingback pump with a glossy sculpted heel will make any look Insta-ready.Channel your favorite street style stars and rock a pair of classic Chucks in an elevated hue. Move over millennial pink. Millennial green has taken over and it's here to stay. These patent slides are a easy way to dip your toe in the trend without dropping major cash.Like I said, buckles are coming in hot this season. A ladylike style with an embellished buckle make these special and even more so when done in a metallic pistachio tone.  A pair of Mary Jane flats are très chic, but still modern when finished in an unexpected color.  Cow print is the new leopard print. I said it and I'm not sorry. The western-inspired print looks great on any shoe silhouette. If Meghan Markle can pull off cow print heels then you can, too, my friend. A cow print cowboy bootie?! Lil Nas X is screaming. Slip on these comfy flats with western flare. If you didn't think you needed a pair of cow print high-tops, think again. Dark, lug-sole stompers were all over FW19 runways. The chunky shoe trend looks so polished when coated in a faux leather animal print. A platform sandal with lug soles are what emo dreams are made of. These over-the-knee boots will keep your legs warm and your summer-favorite dresses in rotation all fall long. Try wearing cute socks or dark tights this fall with a pair of chunky-sole mules.There's something about a black platform ankle boot that just screams "punk rocker." So go grunge in a pair of stompers that would make Avril Lavigne proud. Hello, happy feet. Warm and fuzzy plush textures are set to hit fall fashion in a major way. These fuzzy sneaks should be number one on your school shopping list.Stay warm and dry this fall with water-resistant duck boots. This feminine two-tone style comes with a plush faux-shearling lining that feels like a freaking cloud. A cozy pair of slide slippers will get you through finals this school year. Throw on a pair of tube socks for a retro, fun look. Fight the winter blues with a pair of cozy shearling boots. You'll look cool, but feel so warm. Major height with extra comfort? You're welcome. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Someone take my Instagram pic.Bike shorts are hands down the best thing to happen to my wardrobe since my first pair of Birkenstocks. The skin-tight shorts come with all the benefits of leggings (they make your butt look like a 11/10 and feel like pajamas), but give every single look a chic, '80s-inspired touch. Every single celeb from Kylie Jenner to Hailey Bieber has worn this throwback trend, so if you haven't slipped into a pair yet, now is your time, my friend. Right up ahead, you can shop all the most stylish versions hand-selected by a self-described bike shorts addict (lol, it me). These fashion bike shorts will elevate any outfit. A splash of beachy tie dye makes these biker shorts feel straight out of a VSCO girl's closet.  Dress up a T-shirt and sneakers with these fashion-y snakeskin shorts.  These star-studded shorties do double duty. They'll kick ass at the gym and serve all the lewks on your days off. Yes, bike shorts can look girly. These pastel color blocked babies would feel right at home alongside a gauzy blouse.  Wear your feminine pride on your shorts and your sleeves with this graphic two-piece set. Don't give up on your favorite summer item, just because the weather is getting a little colder. These long-line shorts are fall-ready, thanks to their leather-inspired coating. Wanna know a secret? I'm literally wearing these shorts right now – and trust, they're comfy as hell. Lululemon is a one-stop shop for all your legging needs. These cropped babies are just as comfy as their ankle-length versions.Everyone could use more leopard print in their life. Score a retro vibe with these bike shorts.  A classic black biker will go with every single thing in your wardrobe, from blazers and blouses to your favorite comfy graphic tee. Thanks to the go-with-everything black and white motif, these zebra shorts are surprisingly easy to wear.Along with their trendy spiral design, these shorts boast an ultra soft touch and double lining, so you never feel exposed.The high rise fit will hug you in all the best places. If camo isn't your thing, shop six other colorways here. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Alexa, play Nelly. Usually, when you unbox a fresh pair of shoes, your first thought is "what can I wear these with?" But anyone who has had the honor of slipping their toes into a fresh pair of Nike Air Force 1s knows that with these sneakers, it's "what can't I wear these with?"The cult-favorite shoe is a blank canvas around which to paint literally any type of outfit. They go with athleisure classics, like tracksuits and leggings, of course, but you can also pair them with dressy staples, like satin midi skirts and puff-sleeve dresses. Yeah, there's literally nothing these sneaks can't do. So if you've recently joined the legions of Air Force 1 stans and are feeling overwhelmed by the endless outfit options before you, scroll on. I've narrowed it down to the coolest, easiest, most stylish Air Force 1 outfits that Instagrammers swear by. A post shared by miss #icandoboth✨👟 (@michemingg) on Jun 14, 2019 at 4:34am PDTPair the streetwear classic with other cult favorites, like the iconic Burberry plaid. A matching tube top and bucket hat just screams Hypebeast. What you'll need: Plaid Bucket Hat, $7, Cotton OnSHOP NOW Night night ✨A post shared by  SOFIA COELHO (@sofiamcoelho) on Aug 22, 2019 at 12:58pm PDTYour go-to swooshes can make any outfit look effortlessly cool, even a hot pink suit. Sneakers and dad socks give the polished set a fashion-y type of vibe.What you'll need: City Cropped Blazer, $163, Lovers + FriendsSHOP NOW comment ur fav avenger down belowA post shared by  Breann Weishaar (@breweishaar) on Jun 5, 2019 at 10:52am PDTIf you haven't been wearing bike shorts on repeat all summer, get in on the warm weather trend while you still can. The ultra comfy athleisure staple looks lowkey fab when mashed up with a graphic tee and a pair of white Nikes.What you'll need: Equator Short, $20, AritziaSHOP NOW Me doing meA post shared by  Amiena (@a.mienaa) on Aug 13, 2019 at 11:19am PDTAs you've likely surmised by the floods of influencers posting "goodbye summer" content, you'll be living in fall layers very soon. When searching for an easy look, just layer on shades of taupe, then slip into those Nikes for a posh autumnal look.What you'll need: Ana Flare Pant, $78, StelenSHOP NOW Borrowed ya dads blazer and made it fashun.A post shared by  Nana Agyemang (@itsreallynana) on Jun 10, 2018 at 9:10am PDTGive your internship staple new life by wearing it as a dress. Button it up over bike shorts and a crop top – trust me, you'll have this 'fit on repeat. What you'll need: Loose Blazer, $56, BershkaSHOP NOWA post shared by Chrissy Rutherford (@chrissyford) on Aug 28, 2019 at 5:31pm PDTKeep your color story strong the next time you wear your Air Force 1s. This white dress/white sneaker moment looks clean and classic.What you'll need: Denim Utility Shirt Dress, $39, ASOSSHOP NOW An afternoon at the museumA post shared by  Amalie Gassmann (@amalie_gassmann) on Jul 7, 2019 at 11:48am PDTIf you're the type to avoid overly-girly dresses, reach for a leopard version. When worn with streetwear sneaks, the look gets a major edge. What you'll need: Plus Size Leopard Shirtdress, $21, TargetSHOP NOW Avril Lavigne walked so that I could runA post shared by  Kelsey Stiegman (@klstieg) on Aug 14, 2019 at 4:00pm PDTMake khakis fashionable again with a white tank and trending accessories, like gold chains, XL sunglasses, and white Air Force 1s. What you'll need: Worker Wide Leg Skater Pants, $70, Dickie's GirlSHOP NOW caught up in la yeah, yeah.A post shared by  n e b s✌🏼️🐼 (@debbiejyoon) on Aug 25, 2019 at 3:09pm PDTThis outfit is so popular that there's literally an Instagram account dedicated to it. But somehow, a leopard midi with white sneakers never gets old.What you'll need: Reagan Leopard Satin Midi Skirt, $49, Morning LavenderSHOP NOW Sunday fundayyyy! Also the temperature today 🙌🏼 giving me fall feels! @liketoknow.it #liketkit http://liketk.it/2EpOVA post shared by  KERI FAY ✖️ (@kerifay) on Aug 25, 2019 at 9:07am PDTBaggy jeans, Nikes, and a black top. It's a fail-proof combo that always looks good in outfit pictures.What you'll need: Sheer Clear Square Neck Crop Top, $16, Nasty GalSHOP NOW		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			My body is ready for fall. Button-up flannel shirts are the white tees of fall – they're a go-with-everything staple that can look punk, feminine, or totally (wonderfully) basic. Break out of your worn out flannel-with-leggings-and-boots combo with these epic styling tricks that will make getting dressed for fall that much easier. Ahead, you'll find no boring flannel outfits, only genius ways you've never thought to style your go-to plaid before. Here are all the chicest ways to wear flannel. You didn't think there was anything that could make a pair of khaki pants look cool, but this look proves otherwise. Add hyped-up accessories like a bucket hat, log-sole sneakers, and, of course, a matching flannel. What you'll need: Tan Long Linen Shorts, $96, Pixie MarketSHOP NOWSkip the leggings and wear your oversized plaid with your sexiest pair of over-the-knee boots. Throw on a pair of bike shorts for extra coverage. What you'll need: Flannel Oversized Ex-Boyfriend Shirt in Dark Plaid, $55, MadewellSHOP NOWYou can DIY Winnie Harlow's chic plaid look in two seconds – all you need is two plaid shirts. Button one up like normal, then knot the other around your waist. Button down the bottom and throw on some shorts. What you'll need: Flannel Checked Long Sleeve Shirt, $20, UniqloSHOP NOWFlannels are so easy to match, because they've go so many colors worked into their checks. Wear yours flowing over a pair of matching trousers. What you'll need: Blush Corduroy Mom Jeans, $48, PacSunSHOP NOWTurn your coziest flannel into a Going Out Top in two seconds, by tying it up in front. Then roll up the sleeves or, if you're feeling extra crafty, crop them with scissors. What you'll need: Yellow Flannel Shirt, $45, American EagleSHOP HEREPowder pink plaid, like Vanessa's, gives her ripped jeans a sweet touch. What you'll need: Pink Flannel Shirt, $30, JCPenneySHOP HEREThe queen of normcore, Kendall Jenner, loves tucking baggy tops into straight-leg jeans. The high-rise cut accentuates your waist, giving a flattering silhouette to this androgynous 'fit.What you'll need: Light Blue Flannel Shirt, $50, L.L. BeanSHOP HEREOver your worn-in moto jacket? Layer with an unbuttoned flannel shirt like Taylor Swift. What you'll need: Tan Flannel Shirt, $49, Urban OutfittersSHOP HEREThis one-second style hack will give a simple bodycon dress cool '90s flare. Finish with classic high top Converse.What you'll need:  Black Flannel Shirt, $36, Lulu'sSHOP HERERock your bf's shirt Ari-style by wearing it over a $33 crop top and mini skirt. The laid-back addition makes an ultra sexy outfit look a little more casual. What you'll need: Brown Flannel Shirt, $30, UniqloSHOP HERETeyana Taylor has officially proven that an oversized plaid shirt can look sexy. Just chop the sleeves at the hem, undo a few buttons, and pile on the gold jewelry. What you'll need: Camel Flannel Shirt, $49, Urban OutfittersSHOP HEREDon't panic, you can still rock this outfit even if you don't have Gigi Hadid-level confidence. Skip the plaid-on-plaid and go for a denim mini skirt and booties instead. What you'll need: Blue Flannel Shirt, $45, American EagleSHOP HEREOkay, this isn't *technically* a flannel shirt, but you can rock your own button-up just like this. Pair it with a bandeau top and major flares.What you'll need: Maroon Flannel Shirt, $40, ExpressSHOP HERE		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Obviously, there's major Ariana Grande inspo ahead. On her unofficial "we're engaged" press tour with Pete Davidson (you know, where she licked suckers and stared lovingly at him on street corners), Ariana Grande wore nothing but over-the-knee boots and oversized sweatshirts. So naturally, you immediately went out and bought yourself a pair.Now, you're probably wondering how you're actually going to wear them IRL, because let's be real – not everyone can pull off Ari's trademark no-pants look. So to save you a few hours of Pinterest surfing, I've rounded up a few totally wearable ways to rock knee-high boots, courtesy of your favorite celebs. Dust off your new winter fave, because there's major inspo ahead.  Long dresses with tall boots are an always-chic pairing, but the same goes for midi skirts, too. A cool front slit and a two-color scheme keeps this outfit looking minimalistic, even with the statement-making boots. What you'll need: Denim Midi Skirt, $69, BDGSHOP NOWWhen in doubt, just throw on an oversized T-shirt. It's the motto of VSCO girls and fashionistas alike, because it always works – especially when you're looking to style a pair of over-the-knees. What you'll need: Make Waves Boyfriend Tee, $58, Free PeopleSHOP NOWThanks to these super tall boots, you can now wear that mini you neglect, because it's just a little bit too short. The high rise of the boots will balance out even the highest hemline. What you'll need: Zipper Vinyl Mini Skirt, $23, Forever 21 SHOP NOWOver-the-knee boots aren't just for formal dances and date nights, this low-key look has "class presentation" written alllll over it. Reach for dark-wash jeans and a slouchy sweater a fall look straight from the style stars of Pinterest.What you'll need: Cotton Blend Mock Neck Sweater, $69, & Other StoriesSHOP NOW99% of the people reading this probably have a black pair of over-the-knee boots in their closet, am I right? And you probably thought you could only pair them with other inky colors, but Ciara proves that a white-bright dress makes for an equally chic topper.What you'll need: Double Breasted Puff Sleeve Solid Blazer Dress, $24, SheinSHOP NOW2019's favorite dress looks just as polished with these statement-making shoes. Into the look? Click here to shop all the cutest blazer dresses on the internet. What you'll need: Petite Self Belt Button Blazer Dress, $20, BoohooSHOP NOWGoing to a big game? A Super Bowl party? Just want to be comfy for a night out? Pair any sports jersey, sweatshirt, or jacket with over-the-knee boots for a sexy take on a sporty outfit. What you'll need: Oversized Colorblock Windbreaker Jacket, $70, Urban OutfittersSHOP NOWIf you haven't bought over-the-knees yet, Kylie's purple Balenciaga sock boots are about to tip the scale from 'meh' to 'NEED.' Just pair up these statement shoes with a simple dress for a whoooole look. What you'll need: Purple Pointed Toe Over Knee High Heel Boots, $68, MilanooSHOP HEREServe Yeezy vibes by pairing your boots with cropped sweatpants and a sporty windbreaker. What you'll need: Nylon Windbreaker, $35, H&MSHOP HEREKeke is serving major inspo in her crystal-studded denim boots. Copy her aesthetic in a simple ivory T-shirt dress. It's a blank canvas that lets your shoes shine. What you'll need: Crosby St Dress, $65, ChoosySHOP HEREPage one of the Over-the-Knee Boots Handbook is just this photo of Ariana Grande. Massive sweatshirts with boots is basically her trademark. What you'll need: Cover Oversized Sweatshirt, $148, AloSHOP HEREShow some leg without looking like a Club Girl by pairing this edgy shoe with nautical high-rise shorts and a girly collared blouse. What you'll need: Aliana Stretch Over The Knee Block Heel Boots, $169, BCBGenerationSHOP HEREIf you want to ease into the over-the-knee boots trend, go for a subdued look, like Khloe Kardashian's. The thigh-highs blend seamlessly into her leggings for a toned-down look (well, as toned-down as you can get wearing this extra footwear). What you'll need: Peplum Leather Blazer, $63, ASOSSHOP HERETake these '70s staples back to their roots by adding a dose of disco ball sparkle. A fluffy sweater makes the sparkly ensemble feel a little more chill (and perfect for date night).What you'll need: Elenor Mini Skirt, $54, h:oursSHOP HEREThis look is just a little too extra for a night out with the girls, but the message is one to remember: over-the-knee boots and a little black dress is always a winning combo. What you'll need: Giovanna Gold Button Dress, $82, Pixie MarketSHOP HERE		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's not fall until the booties come out.  Once sundress season is over, rocking a pair of Coachella-worthy ankle booties can be tough. Do you tuck your pants into your boots or tuck your boots under your pants? Can they be worn with sweats? What about socks? So many boot-related questions all of which have flashed through my head while standing in front of the mirror trying to figure out what to wear. So to save your ankle booties from turning into That Pair You Bought But Never Wore, here are some genius outfit hacks for showing off your new boots. Make your boots the focal point of your look by layering on cool-girl basics (like a leather blazer and fitted jeans) that won't steal their shine. What you'll need: Lara Bootie, $175, Vagabond SHOP NOWNot sure what to do with your uniquely-colored boots? Match them up with pieces of the same color for a chic, artsy look.What you'll need: Lila White Pointed Toe Ankle Boots, $60, Public DesireSHOP NOWLet Chanel Iman's expert pairing stand as a lesson to all of us: high rise leather leggings with matching ankle booties give you giraffe legs.What you'll need: Blaine Leather Ankle Boot, $99, Michael KorsSHOP NOWWait, Joe Jonas is in this picture? I was too distracted by Sophie Turner's killer look. Pairing black ankle boots with skinnies and a vintage tee is a forever-stylish move.What you'll need: Western Chelsea Boots, $358, Frye SHOP NOWIf Lizzo can wear boots on the red carpet, you can do it to prom, homecoming, watever. They add a cool-girl punch to any fancy look.What you'll need: Double Take Two-Tone Boot, $40, Nasty GalSHOP NOWBright cobalt booties can be somewhat terrifying, but as Emma Roberts proves, they're totally wearable. Just pull any piece in your closet that features a similar tone for easy pairing. What you'll need: Bowery Chelsea Boot, $188, CoachSHOP NOWReach for a graphic tee and ankle booties the next time you're trying to tone down a dressy suit (but still want to look fabulous). What you'll need: Lace-Up Combat Boots, $42, Express SHOP NOWRemember when I said sweatpants are perfect for any occasion? Well, Zendaya just proved me right. The secret to her unexpected look: she opted for a pant that tapers inward around the ankle so they tuck nicely into narrow boots. If you're duping her look, be sure to go ultra glam on the makeup/hair to give the whole ensemble a dressy vibe – not just your feet. What you'll need: Cotton Joggers, $58, Urban OutfittersSHOP HEREHighlight your fave fall kicks with this two-second hack. Cuffing your jeans literally frames your boots – plus, it'll help you hit that perfect bootie-length without cropping your jeans for real. What you'll need: Wedgie High-Rise Jean, $98, Urban OutfittersSHOP HEREKendall Jenner's favorite pairing for fall: floor-grazing flares with square-toed booties (need). Rock this look for major '90s feels. What you'll need: Red Leopard Print Pants, $45, ASOSSHOP HEREExhibit number 2 for my case that boots and sweatpants are a match made in heaven. Kimmy also presents the compelling argument that a bold shoe will make a major statement next to a one-color outfit. What you'll need: Snakeskin Ankle Boots, $55, Pretty Little ThingSHOP HEREShowing a little ankle is the key to making your boots P-O-P. A little bit of skin draws the eye and breaks up your look, so your black-on-black-on-black-on-black outfit doesn't blend together into one massive dark blob. What you'll need: Cropped Flare Jeans, $25, Old NavySHOP HEREI've long lived by the motto: if Selena does it, I should too. Feel free to adapt it to your own life, especially if you're currently debating rocking a pair of funky socks with your booties. The extra layer will keep you warm and feels so fall. What you'll need: 5-Pack Black Socks, $13, H&MSHOP HEREBooties and a slip is a typical music festival pairing. Add a studded jacket like Shay's and you're ready for Coachella. What you'll need: Western Ankle Booties, $70, Rocket DogSHOP HEREIf a little ankle draws the eye, pairing ankle boots with a short-short will really put them on display. If you're keeping it simple like Taylor's classic pairing, go for a shoe with a funky detail like studs or embroidery. What you'll need: Patent Leather Boots, $56, ASOSSHOP HERE		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			 *Vows to never wear jeans ever again.*When it comes to style, I self-identify as a Kim Kardashian – but not the Latex Dress-Wearing Kim that Instagram is obsessed with. I relate more to her off-duty alter ego: the one who wears sweatpants and cute sneakers literally every single day. If I’m currently speaking your truth, keep reading, because on top of Kim's epic sporty style, there's a whole lot more celebrity inspo where that came from. I’ve rounded up all the best, most comfortable sporty outfits that prove leggings are perfect for any occasion.How cute is this highlighter set? Reach for a sporty-chic set like this for a weekend brunch date with your roomie or for afterschool loungewear.  Style it up with athletic-inspired shades and slides.What you'll need: Womens Velour Track Jacket, $31, AmazonSHOP HEREWorkout with a matching sports bra/bike shorts set, then make it street style ready with a sleek blazer.  Add a pair of vintage frames and kitten heels for a retro vibe that somehow still feels totally 2019.  What you'll need: Ganni Lurex Pedal Pusher, $160, Need Supply Co.SHOP HEREGet groovy by adding something (literally, anything) tie dye to your sporty outfit.  Mish-mash multiple prints for a total psychedelic effect or stick to one color scheme, like this chic look.  What you'll need:  Dream Slim Tie Dye Crew Socks, $10.99, Amazon SHOP HERE Elevate your favorite track pants with a glam red cateye and a sleek bodysuit to streamline the outfit.  Trust, this fierce look will pass any dress code.  What you'll need: Long Sleeve Modal Bodysuit, $44, IntimissimiSHOP HERE Nothing screams sporty like a baseball cap.  Make it fashun with gold jewelry, on-trend biker shorts, and a neon-trimmed anorak.   What you'll need: Nike Futura Classic Cap, $18, Nordstrom SHOP HEREToughen up your sporty outfit with a long rain coat and loads of inky leather. Break up the look with hints of electric color and cool prints. What you'll need: Rains Long Rain Jacket, $125, ShopbopSHOP HERESport a long sleeve tee to give off that too-cool attitude.  Pair it with graphic biker shorts Joan Smalls-style, then add some serious silver hardware.  What you'll need: Vans BMX Long Sleeve Boyfriend T-shirt, $29.50, PacsunSHOP HEREIt takes a true icon to rock a tracksuit on the red carpet and Zendaya totally nailed it. She added a matching red lip and sleek heels for major polish. What you'll need: SST Track Jacket, $75, AdidasSHOP HERESelena has done the impossible: make a sporty kicks-and-leggings outfit look majorly preppy. The secret is her retro hoops and prim cardigan. What you'll need: Classic Rib Leggings, $40, PumaSHOP HEREJordyn added a punch of punk to this bright set with chunky Dr. Martens and a crossbody fanny pack. What you'll need: P.E. Nation Aspendos Sweatshirt, $169, Carbon 38SHOP HEREMy sweatpants might be covered in wrinkles, but Hailey Baldwin's are perfectly structured. The modern shape makes her athleisure look seem totally put-together. What you'll need: Originals Falcon Sneakers, $100, AdidasSHOP HERELeggings have legit never looked this good. Kendall paired laser-cut leggings with a vibrant windbreaker and a high-end bag. What you'll need: Charles River Yellow Windbreaker, $38.50, Forever 21SHOP HEREAdd cool-girl flare to a classic sports bra-and-leggings duo with a slouchy leather jacket and super dark sunnies. What you'll need: Gray Striped Leggings, $85, Outdoor VoicesSHOP HEREOkay, you wouldn't play a round of tennis in this look, but Gigi Hadid did wear this outfit to the 2018 U.S. Open Championships. She paired sporty bicycle shorts with an oversized button-up and plaid pool slides. Ultimate cool-girl move. What you'll need: High-Waist White Biker Shorts, $56, AloSHOP HEREEven when she takes a break from her sneaker collection, Kylie still serves major athletic vibes. She paired a plain white tank with high-rise leggings for what was probably an incredibly comfortable look. What you'll need: Clear Pump, $39.99, Urban OutfittersSHOP HEREBella Hadid wore this outfit to watch Formula One races – does that count as a sport? Idk, but between the baseball cap, baggy jeans, and fresh sneaks, Sporty Spice is SHAKING. What you'll need: Cortez G Sneakers, $90, NikeSHOP HEREWhen Kimmy does sporty vibes, she serves a whole look. She matched with little Northie in head-to-toe neon athleisure.What you'll need: Pink Leggings, $35, AdidasSHOP HERE		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			These outfits are iconic.Euphoria has become all the rage since it aired this past summer. We got introduced to the show's various characters, including Rue who is played by Zendaya. Rue is a teenage drug addict who befriends Jules, a trans girl at their school. It's a dark and gritty look at the pressures of modern teen life and it's proven to be extremely popular. The show was such a hit that there's already a season 2 on the way! "Euphoria creator Sam Levinson has built an incredible world with an extraordinary cast led by the supremely talented Zendaya," said Francesca Orsi, executive VP of HBO programming. And there are some seriously good fashion moments throughout the season that make for perfect Halloween costumes. Whether you want to do a glam look or make it all about the outfit, there's definitely something in this list for you. Looking to cover yourself in glitter? We have a costume for that. Want a cool school/raver look? Read on. Hoping for casual Rue vibes? Coming in hot! So just in time for October 31st, here are all the best Euphoria Halloween costumes for all your fave characters. We can't wait to see which ones you pull off.If you're looking for a Halloween costume with a some sparkle, Maddy's prom look is perfect for you.  What you'll need: That's Cowl We Roll Chainmail Crop Top, $35, Nasty GalSHOP NOWBring out your micro sunnies for this Halloween costume. Add a bright purple lip and you'll be set.  What you'll need: Babygirl Mesh Long-Sleeve Tee, $20, Urban OutfittersSHOP NOWA cow print skirt?! Yes please. Also here for a bright blue eyeshadow moment. What you'll need: Cow Print Denim Mini Skirt, $20, Pretty Little ThingSHOP NOWThis costume is actually so cute, and something you could even hold over and wear after Halloween? What you'll need: Reclaimed Vintage inspired cardigan in bright houndstooth, $45, Asos SHOP NOWMake your Halloween costume super easy and go as Rue in a patterned vintage inspired button up. What you'll need: Coral Marine Tropical Hawaiian Batik Shirt, $22, Johari WestSHOP NOWI kind of want to wear these lashes on the reg, anyone else? What you'll need: Holographic Eyelashes, $20, PinkPyriteSHOP NOWThis monochrome look is so bold. Complete your costume with a winged eyeliner. What you'll need: Womens PVC Renaissance Lace up Boned Bustier, $30, Alivila.Y Fashion Corset SHOP NOWJules went as Juliet for Halloween, like from Romeo and Juliet. What you'll need: Angel Costume Accessory Kit, $9, Party CitySHOP NOWThis denim set is giving all the 90s vibes. What you'll need: Denim Zip-Up Crop Top, $22, Forever 21 SHOP NOW Go for a full pink look in a midi slip dress. Add pink highlights to go all out. What you'll need: Urban Renewal Remnants Silky Midi Slip Dress, $59, Urban OutfittersSHOP NOWMaddy went as Iris for Halloween, from the movie Taxi Driver. Also, another major makeup moment. What you'll need: Aylin Star Embellished Tie Crop Top, $30, superdownSHOP NOWPair up with a friend and go as Maddy and Cassie. And you already know you'll wear these leggings more than once. What you'll need: Branded Elastic Legging, $20, Topshop SHOP NOWLayer a purple tee over a long sleeve to complete this look easily. What you'll need: high Waisted Pleated Cosplay Costumes Skirts, $21, BeautifulfashionlifeSHOP NOW		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I'm totally buggin' for these 'fits.It's been almost 25 years since the iconic, rich, and socially successful high school teen known as Cher Horowitz burst into our lives and influenced a whole generation with her whit, charm, and, most importantly, her fashion sense. Clueless goes down as a cult fave for its amazing clothes, hilarious one-liners and incredible slag (we should really bring back "buggin'"). Remember when Cher had her computer help her pick out her outfit? So iconic. From yellow plaid mini skirts and blazers to feather-lined sheer jacks, Cher had it going ON in the style department. Also, can we take a second to talk about Dionne? Her hats were so-point and her knee-high stockings are forever a mood. So, when coming up with costumes ideas for Halloween, why not look to the ladies of Clueless for all sorts of inspiration. Not only are their outfits so cute, but you can match with your entire squad and act as the characters all night long. Here are all of our favorite costume ideas inspired by Cher, Dionne, Tai and even Amber, with a side of their witty lines to help the part. Stumped on what to dress up as for Halloween?As if! "Dionne and I were both named after famous singers in the past, who now do informercials." —CherWhat you'll need: Black & White Tartain Plaid Jacket & Skirt, $50.83, EtsySHOP HERE"Do you prefer fashion victim or ensembly challenged?" —CherWhat you'll need: Argyle Printed Skirt, $59.99, AmazonSHOP HERE"If I'm too good for him, then how come I'm not with him?" —Tai What you'll need: The Soft Cotton Square Cardigan, $88, EverlaneSHOP HERE"No, she's a full-on Monet...It's like a painting, see? From far away, it's OK, but up close, it's a big ole mess." —CherWhat you'll need: Rapunzel Sage Green Mini Dress, $49, LulusSHOP HERE"Murray, I have asked you repeatedly not to call me woman." —Dionne What you'll need: Wendy Moto Mini Skirt, $62, SuperdownSHOP HERE "I feel like such a heifer. I had two bowls of Special K, 3 pieces of turkey bacon, a handful of popcorn, 5 peanut butter M&M's and like 3 pieces of licorice." —CherWhat you'll need: Wool Blend Buffalo Plaid Coat, $50, AspenSHOP HERE"It's like that book I read in the 9th grade that said, 'Tis a far, far better thing doing stuff for other people.'" —CherWhat you'll need: The Hero Washed Cotton Shirt, $138, GraysonSHOP HERE "Rollin with the homies." —TaiWhat you'll need: Le Mini Corduroy Skirt, $175, FrameSHOP HERE"You see how picky I am about my shoes, and those only go on my feet." —CherWhat you'll need: Sheer Smock Top with Tie Front, $51, ASOSSHOP HERE"Dude, what's wrong. You suffering from buyers remorse or something?" —Dionne What you'll need: Crop Bomber Jacket, $12, BoohooSHOP HERE"I'm not a prude, I'm just highly selective." —CherWhat you'll need: Set Up Tank, $20, Free PeopleSHOP HERE"And in conclusion, may I please remind you that it does not say RSVP on the Statue of Liberty. Thank you very much." —CherWhat you'll need: Wool Black Beret, $12, AmazonSHOP HERE"And my buns: they don't feel nothing like steel." —TaiWhat you'll need: Black Velvet Necklace with Rose Pendant, $7.77, AmazonSHOP HERE "Well at least I wouldn't skin a collie to make my backpack." —DionneWhat you'll need: Yellow Satin Cami, $24, ASOSSHOP HERE"She's my friend because we both know what it's like to have people be jealous of us." —CherWhat you'll need: Unisex neon crew neck sweater, $14.50, ASOSSHOP HERE"Searching for a boy in high school is as useless as searching for meaning in a Pauly Shore movie." —CherWhat you'll need: Luna Satin Cowl Neck Slip Dress, $69, Urban Outfitters SHOP HERE"Oh my god, I'm totally buggin!" —CherWhat you'll need: Ribbed Cardigan with Feather Trim, $395, Opening CeremonySHOP HERE "'Rough winds do shake the darling buds of May, but thy eternal summer shall not fade.' Phat! Did you write that?" —DionneWhat you'll need: Peter Pan Collar A-Line Dress, $26, AmazonSHOP HERE"So, okay, you're probably going, 'Is this like a Noxzema commercial or what?' But seriously, I actually have a way normal life for a teenage girl." —CherWhat you'll need: Black Flared Mini Skater Skirt, $12.95, AmazonSHOP HERE"Well there goes your social life." —Dionne What you'll need: ASOS Design x LaQuan Smith double breasted leopard blazer, $81, ASOSSHOP HERE"Isn't my house classic? The columns date all the way back to 1972." —CherWhat you'll need: Organza Top, $29.90, ZaraSHOP HERE"Whatever!" —AmberWhat you'll need: Feather Bolero, $154, JocelynSHOP HERE		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Or for one day, whatever. Let's be real, you probably spend 99% of your life wearing either leggings or sweatpants. This is not an article for that. This is an article meant to inspire you on that one single day a week you to leave your literal comfort zone and opt for an outfit with jeans. As anyone who has ever worn slipped into a pair of blues will tell you, denim goes with everything. But if you're looking for a new way to style those perfectly-shredded skinnies, vintage-inspired high-waisted jeans, or your comfiest boyfriend jeans, here's all the style inspo you'll ever need. Nothing pairs better with black-washed denim than a splash of leopard print. Edit down your look to just basics for a simple, polished look.What you'll need: Violet Denim Jacket, $44, SuperdownSHOP NOWPer usual, Bella is channeling an old-school ‘90s trend and turning it into a ’19 trend all at the same time. She paired up a polka-dot bandana top with slouchy high-rise jeans and (of course) a pair of vintage-y geometric sunglasses.What you'll need: Bethani Bandana Top, $38, SuperdownSHOP NOWI just took a DNA test, turns out I need to copy Lizzo's outfit. The combination of sexy lace with prim pearls is so fierce.What you'll need: Plus Size Embellished Skinny Ankle Jeans, $28, Forever 21SHOP NOW Add a vintage-inspired crochet piece to give any pair of jeans a breezy beach feel. What you'll need: Crochet Top, $35, Farm RioSHOP NOWBalance out loose-fitting mom jeans with a flirty, curve-hugging crop top. Slip into a pair of glitzy pumps to add even more glamour.What you'll need: Anya Tweed and Sequin Crop Top, $17, Neiman Marcus Last CallSHOP NOWGo for hype with an effortless jean outfit, like Winnie Harlow’s. The queen of cool knotted up a graphic tee and paired it with streetwear classics, like Tommy Hilfiger sneakers, a dad cap, and an oversized button-up at the waist.What you'll need: What Goes On Distressed Mom Jeans, $30, Nasty GalSHOP NOWWhen it comes to black stone-washed denim, stick to tones of gray. A plaid blazer and black heels give the whole jeans-and-a-T-shirt look a more profesh vibe.What you'll need: Caldwell Double-Breasted Blazer in Plaid, $168, MadewellSHOP NOWSince Yara Shahidi’s 3D floral jacket probably isn’t available at your local Zara, opt for some Chanel-inspired tweed to get the same put-together look.What you'll need: Double-Breasted Crop Blazer, $26, SheinSHOP NOWHalsey dazzled on the MTV VMAs red carpet, but afterward she fully slayed the denim game. She wore painted floral pants and an asymmetrical crop top.What you'll need: High Waist Ankle Skinny with Neon Embroidery in Vintage Parker, $189, 7 For All MankindSHOP NOW I'm not saying Hailey's wearing all Justin's clothes, but I'm not not saying it either. Borrow from the guys in slouchy jeans, cool sneakers, and an oversized flannel. What you'll need: Black High-Rise Jeans, $59, Urban OutfittersSHOP HEREIf you (like me) have 32 pairs of almost-identical high-rise blue jeans, I think it's time for a denim purge. Dupe Zendaya's look by taking a pair of scissors and cutting strips down the entire front. When you're done, throw them in the wash for a worn-in frayed look. What you'll need: Distressed Jeans, $35, Fashion NovaSHOP HEREThrow a button-up on over a turtleneck like Gigi or rock your go-to checked blazer for a look that's so fall. What you'll need: High-Rise Girlfriend Jeans, $50, ExpressSHOP HEREJeans-and-a-tee is a timeless pairing – like Betty and Jughead or Chipotle and my mouth. Add a touch of sass to the look by knotting your tee like Jordyn and throwing on a jeweled-up choker.   What you'll need: Light Wash Vintage Levi's Jeans, $40, Urban OutfittersSHOP HEREYou don't even need to go shopping to snag this look, just raid your grandma's closet for the coziest cardigan you can find. Steal her turtleneck and vintage sunglasses while you're at it. What you'll need: Flare Jeans, $115, MadewellSHOP HEREI'm a firm believer that jeans can be worn to even the fanciest occasion. Dress them up with a tie-front top, luxe sandals, and fashion-y gold earrings. What you'll need: Wedgie Fit Jeans, $158, Levi's SHOP HEREMy smoke alarm is going off thanks to this FIRE outfit. Ashleigh's flirty crop goes perfectly with her super skinny jeans and for a punch of punk, she added pointed moto boots with killer studs. What you'll need: Dark Wash Jegging, $30, American EagleSHOP HEREIf you're in the market for pair number 33, try duo-toned jeans. The contrast adds a fun edge to a classic pair of blues, but still matches everything. What you'll need: Front Seam Two-Tone Jeans, $42, TOBISHOP HEREThis outfit makes me so nostalgic for my childhood. A pink baby tee and run-around sneakers make your jeans look cutesy, but still fashion-forward. What you'll need: Straight High-Rise Jeans, $40, Old NavySHOP HEREI'll let you in on a cool-girl secret: stripes and jeans – always cool. Ashley slipped on high-tops and a duster to keep her vibes super chill.  What you'll need: Medium Wash Kick Flare Jeans, $20, Urban OutfittersSHOP HERE		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			This might be her best collab EVER.99% of your paycheck already goes to Bershka, but now, they're bumping it up to a solid 100. Why? Because style icon Billie Eilish just released an entire clothing collection – and it's all under $61. Billie has been dropping endless merch collaborations over the past year (her last was announced two weeks ago), but rest assured, this one is good – and I mean, like, good good. The Billie Eilish x Bershak line is packed with all of Billie's favorites: extra long hoodies, baggy sweatpants, boxy tees, and graffiti on everything. Basically, only pieces she would wear herself. BERSHKA COLLAB OUT NOWA post shared by  BILLIE EILISH (@billieeilish) on Aug 29, 2019 at 3:02am PDTUnfortunately, there is a catch: as of now, the line is only available in the United Kingdom. It's already selling out, so in the meantime, check out the best pieces below and plan out what you'll buy when it inevitably (hopefully) comes to the US.Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Cheers to you!It's your 21st birthday and you deserve to feel like a celebrity. Granted, Drake won't be at your party. And you probably won't be photographed by paparazzi on your way to the club. And Versace probz won't custom design your birthday dress. But you can still look like a star on your big night if you know where to shop. (And if you don't, that's fine too, because I do.)To help you make the most important decision you'll face in the foreseeable future, I've pulled together some inspo courtesy of your favorite it-girls. Here is what Gigi Hadid, Kylie Jenner, Bella Thorne, and more wore for the big two-one and where you can get the (almost) exact same thing. Sofia's 21, y'all! To celebrate her birthday, the youngest Richie partied in Las Vegas with all of the coolest people in Hollywood. She wore not one, but TWO epic looks. The first was this crystal-studded nod to the 1990s: a string bikini, high pony, tiny sunglasses, and a belly chain.What you'll need: Neon Pink V Wire Jewelled Bikini, $23, Pretty Little ThingSHOP NOWFor the second look of the night, Sofia recreated Kylie Jenner's iconic 21st bday jumpsuit. Kylie went for a cropped pink jumpsuit, while Sofia rocked the full-length version with an ultra long twisted pony.What you'll need: x Naven Silvia Jumpsuit, $70, NBDSHOP NOWA post shared by ARIEL WINTER (@arielwinter) on Feb 17, 2019 at 3:30pm PSTFor the big two-one, Modern Family's Ariel Winter headed to the famous Caesar's Palace in Las Vegas with her fam and friends. She rocked an ultra profesh all-white suit, but added a touch of badassery with a star-studded ear cuff. MAJOR birthday inspo. What you'll need: White Tailored Blazer, $87, ASOS TallSHOP HEREBehold: the most talked-about 21st birthday outfit if all time. Immediately after Kylie wore this bombshell dress to her family birthday dinner, Fashion Nova duplicated the look for cheap. Scoop yours then wear matching pink pumps to fully recreate her ensemble. What you'll need: Satin Dress, $60, Fashion NovaSHOP HEREOkay, this was technically taken on Gigi's 23rd bday, but the inspo still stands. To honor her golden year, she went for a 24 karat theme in a tiny sequined-out Versace dress. It's not even her birthday, but Bella's serving it up right alongside her. If you want to go a touch more casual, opt for B's '90s-inspired leopard look.  What you'll need: Gold Sequin Chain Detail Dress, $80, Pretty Little ThingSHOP HEREIn honor of the OG party girl, Kendall Jenner wore a replicate of Paris Hilton's famous 21st birthday dress. The shimmery, chainmail dress is a perfect look if you love being extra and boob tape. What you'll need: Silver Sequin Chain Dress, $70, Pretty Little ThingSHOP HEREIf you're trying to bring low-key energy to your birthday soiree, Bella Thorne's look is the choice. Her ruffled velvet mini feels festive, but not extra. Cool-girl accessories like a vegan leather beret and a silver neck stack tone it down even more. What you'll need: Black Velvet Ruffle Mini Dress, $50, Saks Off FifthSHOP HEREMore duo birthday inspo, courtesy of the Hadid sisters. This time, the two were dressed for Bella's 21st. Gigi went for girlboss details like a structured blazer and trousers, while the birthday girl chose a simple skin-tight midi. What you'll need: Black Satin Midi Dress, $20, BoohooSHOP HERE		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			So fetch.Mean Girls. It's the movie that made October 3rd a national holiday, the reason we wear pink on Wednesdays, and inspiration behind the phrase: "get in the car loser, we're going shopping."So many epic one-liners and awesome looks came from this movie, so when it comes time to pick your Halloween look, go as something fetching. Everyone has their favorite character and whether you're dressing up as Regina George herself or Damien a la "SHE DOESN'T EVEN GO HERE," there's a look for all of us.Raise your hand if you're wearing a Mean Girls Halloween costume this year. *Raises hand.*This costume is simple and classic – and gives you a reason to scream "SHE DOESN'T EVEN GO HERE" at random strangers, so that's a plus.Regina owned this look, even with her bra fully exposed. Pull the look off yourself for the easiest DIY costume ever.Out of this whole squad, Cady's look is the most recognizable. And it's so easy to make. Just borrow a polo from the Damien in your life.Pull your crew together for a recreation of this iconic dance. Bonus points if you bring along a fifth friend dresses as Regina's mom. The Burn Book is the unofficial fifth member of the Plastics. Turn yourself into it with a DIY jumpsuit.Behold: Regina's trademark look. DIY it for a timeless pop culture costume everyone will get.This might be my favorite costume of all – and it can be made with one quick trip to the thrift store (plus, a lot of eyeliner).As someone who has personally worn this exact costume for Halloween, I can promise you: it'll be a hit.Four for you, Glen Cocoa, you go Glen Cocoa! This costume is a genius pun and a genius movie reference all in one.Slip on your pink sweater and wear as many pairs of hoop earrings as you want. If Cady's Halloween costume was a little too much for you, opt for her smokin' hot party outfit instead.She's not like a regular mom. She's a cool mom. Transform into her this Halloween (bonus points for a real dog).		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Halloween may be something that Jim feels too old for, but the rest of us love to whip out an epic costume on October 31. And between the endless theme parties and Halloween episodes, The Office is basically nine seasons of costume inspiration.From Mike's iconic Prison Mike persona and Kevin's Kleenex shoes to Nellie's "Sexy Toby" outfit, you could dress up as a different The Office character every year for the rest of your life and never, ever run out of costume ideas. Up ahead, get inspiration from the best characters, outfits, and costumes the show has to offer. You couldn't ask for an easier or more genius costume idea. Throw on a navy suit and top with the most essential item: a purple bandana.What You'll Need: Purple Bandana, $7 AmazonSHOP NOWThis might be one of The Office's best-ever costumes. Get your significant other to dress up as Toby himself (flowers and all) to complete the look.What You'll Need: Jacquard Boyfriend Blazer, $40, Old NavySHOP NOWYou never know when you're going to need to bear a passing resemblance to someone, especially on Halloween. Dress as Dwight as Meredith. Trust, true The Office fans will SCREAM.What You'll Need: Red Bob Wig, $22, AmazonSHOP NOW Basically all you need is a striped beanie and a friend to dress as Dwight. It's the perfect excuse to play "Lazy Scranton" on repeat at every single party you go to.What You'll Need: Striped Eco Beanie, $11, Polarn O. PyretSHOP NOWBefore Angela switched to her nurse costume in a failed attempt to win the coupon book, she wore this adorable penguin outfit. You can get the same one for cheap on Amazon.What You'll Need: Penguin Costume, $27, AmazonSHOP NOW Halloween is full of decisions: Will you be three hole punch Jim? Or plain white Jim? Either way, this costume is perfect for any paper-lover.What You'll Need: Black Construction Paper, $6 AmazonSHOP NOWToby might think Kelly's iconic denim jumpsuit is inappropriate, but it makes for a great Halloween costume.  What You'll Need: Denim Zip-Front Jumpsuit, $15, Forever 21SHOP NOW This look is an Office classic and will take you exactly ten seconds to make. Just splatter some fake blood on your shirt before you head out to the club.What You'll Need: Fake Blood Spray, $5, Party CitySHOP NOW The most essential item in Pam's wardrobe is the office cardigan. She wears a cardigan in nearly every single episode of The Office and you can dupe her style by layering one over a classic button-up from your closet.What You'll Need: Cardigan $12, Amazon SHOP NOW  This is Angela's second costume on one episode and it's a Halloween classic. What You'll Need: Sexy Nurse Costume, $14 AmazonSHOP NOW Put on your best suit, slip your feet into some Kleenex box shoes, and carry around a jar of M&Ms all night. Channeling your inner Kev is really that simple. What You'll Need: Essential Flap Pocket Blazer, $40, JCPenneySHOP NOWThe mark of a true Schrute: a blackbelt in karate. Dress up Dwight's classic brown suit with his most prized possession, then just go around screaming "HAYA!"What You'll Need: Brown Suit, $60, AmazonSHOP NOW Just pair up any suit with a clown nose to recreate Toby's costume. What You'll Need: Red Clown Nose, $5, Amazon SHOP NOW Throw on a pig nose, then carry around a box of Nerds all night long. Real fans will get it immediately.What You'll Need: Pig Nose, $3, Amazon SHOP NOW You could dress up as Katy Perry or you could dress up as Kelly Kapoor as Katy Perry. The choice is up to you.What You'll Need: Clown Outfit $25, Amazon SHOP NOW 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Yes, people do wear costumes in college.Halloweekend is quickly approaching which means filling out your "Halloween Inspiration" Pinterest board is next on the agenda. And if you're currently stressing over your first-ever college Halloween party, look no further. I've rounded up 30 of the best college Halloween costumes on Pinterest and Instagram that will have your besties screaming YASSS KWEEN all night long. And here's a tip: you'll need a costume for Thursday, Friday, Saturday, and Sunday, so you might want to save a few ideas.Whether you're partnering with your whole sorority or going for a solo look. These costumes are easy to pull together and so creative. A post shared by @marimcavalcante on Feb 25, 2017 at 1:45pm PSTYour life literally revolves around your best friend, so dress her up as the sun. This costume is super easy to pull together with a couple DIY crown and a lot of sparkle.What You'll Need: Sequin Tube Top, $14, Forever 21 SHOP NOWA post shared by AFROPUNK (@afropunk) on Feb 13, 2019 at 2:13pm PSTSailor Moon was the star of the '90s and makes for an epic throwback. What You'll Need: Blonde Wig, $27, AmazonSHOP NOW  If you're looking for an epic 1980s Halloween costume, pull together your crew to recreate the iconic arcade game Pac-Man. What You'll Need: Oversized T-Shirt, $3, Amazon SHOP NOW  Honey, you're not a snack, you're the whole meal. These costumes look crazy cute and can be DIYed with an oversized T-shirt and a Sharpie. What You'll Need: Green Foam Sheets, $5, Amazon SHOP NOW  Grab the Dionne to your Cher and cover yourself in plaid. Feel free to drop some change on these trendy looks, since you can basically wear them all year long.What You'll Need: Plaid Suit, $26, Boohoo SHOP NOW Pay tribute to the late R&B singer Aaliyah with this cool-girl costume idea. What You'll Need: White Sports Bra, $16, Target SHOP NOW With a few pom poms and a little love from your hot glue gun, this tube top/mini skirt combo becomes a killer costume. What You'll Need: Rainbow Pom Poms, $7, Amazon SHOP NOW There's only one squad more iconic than yours: Snapchat, Twitter, Pinterest, Facebook, and Instagram. What You'll Need: White Sneakers, $30, Amazon SHOP NOW This costume is perfect for anyone who's been dying to rock rainbow hair for a night.What You'll Need: Pink Hair Conditioner, $20, Amazon SHOP NOW  Walk into the party like you just stepped off Jupiter. Need more alien inspo? Click here for all the best alien Halloween costumes.What You'll Need: Holographic Two Piece set, $56, Dolls KillSHOP NOW  This costume is a Pinterest favorite every single year. I won't judge if you fully recreate this photo for yourself.What You'll Need: White Felt Letters, $9, Amazon SHOP NOW There are a ton of genius SNL costume ideas, but this iconic duo is a Halloween favorite. Plus, you probably already own everything pictured (minus the mullet).What You'll Need: Flannel Shirt, $39, Urban OutfittersSHOP NOW Nintendo 64 is coming to life. Mario and Luigi have literally never looked so chic.What You'll Need: Sequin Tube Top, $12, Amazon SHOP NOW A post shared by AL (@allisonolexa) on Oct 27, 2018 at 3:42pm PDTThis probably wasn't what your friends expected when you told them you were going as a "Scream Queen," but they'll love this look nonetheless. What You'll Need: Sprinkle T-Shirt, $14, AmazonSHOP NOW  Your inner 9-year-old is screaming right now. Pay tribute to your favorite childhood Beanie with this simple DIY.What You'll Need: Red/White Paint, $9, Amazon SHOP NOW A post shared by 199 (@can_can_photography199) on Oct 30, 2018 at 7:22pm PDTActual footage of me after exams. This costume could not be more perfect for college.What You'll Need: Preppy School Tie, $11, Amazon SHOP NOW A post shared by Brittany Daniel 🎬 Influencer (@brittanythehost) on Oct 29, 2018 at 4:44pm PDTDress up as a high fashion feline. Wear your favorite black denim with a silk camisole and some lacey black cat ears. What You'll Need: Lace Cat Ears, $4, YandySHOP NOWGive a shoutout to this timeless movie with a retro baseball costume.  What You'll Need: Rockford Peach Uniform, $49, Spirit HalloweenSHOP NOW *Steve Harrington voice* Ahoy, ladies! Roll up in nautical stripes and a sailor hat (which weirdly makes everyone look super cute).What You'll Need: Sailor Hat, $8, Amazon SHOP NOW There are literally endless Stranger Things Halloween costume ideas, but this look from season one is probably the most iconic of all. What You'll Need: Christmas Lights, $17.99, Amazon SHOP NOW This costume is easy to pull together with just a few accessories and a DIY tutu. What You'll Need: White Tutu, $9, Amazon SHOP NOW Channel your favorite '90s pop singer in this iconic "...Baby One More Time" schoolgirl outfit. What You'll Need: Black Pleated Skirt, $25, Amazon SHOP NOW This swimsuit is currently getting a revival. Shop the exact look online, then wear it to the pool on your next vacay.What You'll Need: Pretty Woman Dress, $49, EtsySHOP NOW Travel back in time with this groovy look. Take a group trip to your local vintage store and just go crazy.What You'll Need: 70's Sunnies, $11, AmazonSHOP NOW Wakanda forever! You'll feel like a straight-up badass in this costume, inspired by the female warriors of Black Panther.What You'll Need: Gold Choker, $16, Amazon SHOP NOW Channel your inner frat daddy in what might be the easiest costume of all time. Bonus points if you actually go to a frat party.What You'll Need: Boat Shoes $39, Amazon SHOP NOW Get together with your girls and dress as the Power Rangers (obviously, you'll be the pink one).What You'll Need: Power Rangers Uniform, $42, Amazon SHOP NOW When it comes to Best Costume, you'll win that battle for sure. What You'll Need: Pink Boxing Gloves, $16, AmazonSHOP NOW You really only need an all-black outfit for this look – it's simple and classic.  What You'll Need: Swat Uniform, $23, Amazon SHOP NOW This costume is crazy comfortable and so nostalgic. Plus, the neon hues are right on trend. What You'll Need: Neon Leotard, $15, Amazon SHOP NOW  		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			These 5-star reviews speak for themselves. Shopping for a swimsuit is difficult enough as it is – flimsy ties, saggy butts, monokinis in general – but add in a DD cup and it's freaking impossible to find a fit that makes you feel good. Before you spend hours in a cramped department store changing room, skim through this list, because I've already done the legwork (read: boob work) for you. I tracked down the cutest suits that big-boobed people swear by – bikinis, one-pieces, tankinis, and not a grandma suit in sight. So if you've got a D cup, a G cup, or anything in between, keep on reading. Here are the best supportive swimsuits for big busts that look cute, too, according to people who really know. Your summer just got a whoooole lot hotter. 🔥This 4.5-star one-piece is so chic, it could double as a bodysuit. Customers say the thick material makes for a super uplifting suit that's so supportive you can even wear the ruffled straps off-the-shoulder. If neon hues aren't your vibe, it also comes in black, a favorite of plus size model and icon Tess Holliday. No, this bikini isn't on the list just for it's picnic-chic fruity pattern, it also has crazy good feedback from satisfied customers. You know a swimsuit's good when the comments are filled with mirror selfies and exclamation points. If you exclusively shop suits with five-star reviews, I'd get your debit card prepped and ready. This tankini top (which you can put with any bottom for a one-piece appearance) is a favorite among shoppers who prefer a bit more coverage at the pool. Plus, the underwire bra will make the girls look brand new. This two-piece is a best-seller for Adore Me because of its major uplift. They literally cannot keep it in stock. Out of 37 customer reviews, this suit has a solid rating of 4.5 stars. It's guaranteed to make you feel like a whole snack.Honestly, you can't go wrong with Eloquii – almost all their swimsuits have a four-star rating or higher. I'll just let this review speak for itself. "If you got tig ol bitties, this swimsuit can work for you," one customer wrote. "I’m 44G and it’s so hard to find a swimsuit with actual support that doesn’t just leave your boobies spilling out. It’s pricey but worth it for a swimsuit that takes it all in."With an artsy watercolor print and a crazy supportive bra, customers are straight up saying it's "the only bikini I'll ever wear." Along with cries of "it's super supportive and flattering," the comments are also filled with reports that the set is high-quality and 100% worth the price tag. Get all the support of a sports bra, but with a funky graphic design. Thanks to the high rise cut, this set is a perfect fit for anyone who wants to show a little more skin, but isn't ready to commit to a bare-all bikini.Plus size model Tess Holliday just slayed Instagram in this structured suit, but don't take her word for it. Peep the reviews for photo evidence of customers truly feelin' themselves. This rec comes to you straight from Seventeen's Assistant Entertainment Editor, Tamara Fuentes. She says "it gives great support and makes my boobs look fab," so basically, everything you could need in a swimsuit. Figleavesfigleaves.com$75.00SHOP NOWVague lettered sizes just aren't enough for girls with a little something extra in the boob department. Bless, this swimsuit has actual sized cups (D-G cup), so you can get that perfect, customized fit. It's truly the perfect little black swimsuit. Every big-busted babe knows the struggle of a long day with uncomfortable straps digging into your shoulders. Skip that problem all together with this adorable animal print set equipped with extra-width straps. Shop this duo in a size 12 to 24 on the ASOS website. If you're looking for support and added sun protection, go for a high-neck bikini top. This maroon version has only one review, but it's a 4-star. The user, who wears a 42H, bought the top and bottoms said they both "fit nicely." This rose-printed two-piece is wire-free, but don't let that scare you. The tummy panel provides extra support and you can cross the convertible straps for a little more lift. Plus, the matching high-rise bottoms offer even more floral detailing.Shop this bright, palm print set at Swimsuits For All, a brand made famous by their inclusive suits and trendy designs. One reviewer said: "I have heavy, large breasts and the sizing is perfect; great coverage and great support too!" Heard enough? Shop this top in sizes 36DD to 46G here. Adore Me is known for supplying bras, undies, and swimwear that will make you feel sexy at any size. The multi-strap action (in the front and back) gives a ton of extra support – and also looks CRAZY hot. Supermodel Ashley Graham designed this suit herself, so you know it's good. And if you don't believe me, just check out the reviews. Customers are flocking to the comments with mirror selfies, gushing that the triangle top perfectly covers boobs of all sizes. This onesie offers major support – well, pretty much everywhere. According to 329 five-star reviews, the cut will make you feel like a 10/10 and the ruching helps hold everything in place, so you feel "confident, covered, and glamorous." Treat your shoulders (and the rest of your curves too) in this wide-strap, scoop-neck bikini. The sports bra-inspired shape will keep your girls in place, while the vibrant blooms dazzle. Shop it on the Aerie website in sizes XXS - XXL.Looking for a bit more coverage? This swimsuit hugs and covers you, but still puts the goods on display. And can we talk about that sick bandana print? NEED. Shop it here in sizes 0X - 4X. If you're hunting for extended bra sizes, look no further than this ruffled number from Freya. You can shop sizes DD all the way up to an M cup. With supportive underwire and convertible back straps, this bikini is a must.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Warning: there are a lot of scrunchies in this story.If your goal for the year is to finally become a famous VSCO girl, there are a few boxes you need to check first.  Other than that, being a VSCO girl is basically just channeling the vibes of an off-duty Brandy Melville model. The good thing is, there are only a few outfits that give off that look. So to help you nail down the aesthetic, I've rounded up the five outfits every VSCO girl wears – and where you can shop them yourself. A post shared by Manon Lanza (@allonsrider) on Aug 8, 2019 at 1:10am PDTThis look is basically the VSCO uniform: '90s babydoll tee, cargo pants, Vans, and beachy waves. In order to channel the true aesthetic, you also need a Cali-inspired prop of some sort. Normally, girls reach for a Hydro Flask, skateboard, AirPods, or iced coffee, but this pic gets bonus points for the surfboard. I now understand the appeal of wearing socks with Birkenstock’s.A post shared by  Priscilla Li (@findingpris) on Jun 27, 2019 at 9:42pm PDTOversized T-shirts are a staple in the VSCO girl wardrobe – if you've got one of those, you've already mastered the style. Then, just pair it with the VSCO starter pack: bike shorts, a pair of Birkenstocks, and an armful of scrunchies.A post shared by 𝐕𝐈𝐀 𝐙𝐔𝐋𝐕𝐈𝐀𝐍𝐈 (@viaazulviani) on Aug 14, 2019 at 1:15am PDTIt doesn't matter where you shop, as long as your outfits all look like they came straight from the shelves of Brandy Melville. A loose-fit sweater, mom jeans, and retro accessories – all in earthy colors, of course – are all modest options perfect for fall. Make the high-waist shorts/oversized tee combination feel true to your own style, by opting for prints and patterns you love. Ditch denim for a bright gingham short; by sticking to the Instagram-favorite silhouette, your look will still feel on-brand.A post shared by Brenna Anastasia (@brenna_anastasia) on Jul 20, 2019 at 11:25am PDTEvery Insta-famous VSCO girl has the following things in her wardrobe rotation: a simple black top, destroyed mom jeans, and a pair of perfectly-dirty sneakers. It's an influencer-favorite, because the combo looks great with any backdrop and any filter. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			If you love rainbow and cats, this will really speak to your soul.We're two days away from the release of Taylor Swift's seventh album, Lover, so you'd think the singer would be taking some time to relax. NOPE. Homegirl just made another huge announcement with only days to spare.Taylor broke news yesterday that she has teamed up with designer Stella McCartney for a capsule collection inspired by her new album, Lover. Just like Taylor's Instagram feed, the whole line features dreamy watercolor hues and pictures of Taylor's cats. She wrote: "#StellaxTaylorSwift is coming soon 💘 It’s been SO much fun to work/dream up cute stuff with my friend @stellamccartney to create a line inspired by my new album Lover. Can’t wait to show you what we've been working on and tell you more about the pop up shop at the @YouTube Live event this Thursday at 5p ET!"Fans can shop Stella x Taylor Swift T-shirts, hoodies, hats, and bags emblazoned with song lyrics and Lover song lists. The release date for the collection hasn't yet been released, but you can head to the Stella McCartney website to get more info. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Been there, girl.  White clothing is the ultimate gamble. You leave the house feeling fabulous (and a little dangerous), but you know deep down that your good day could completely turn at any moment. One overenthusiastic sip of coffee and your entire outfit ends up in the trash. Well, Billie Eilish took that risk. And, unfortunately, the outcome was one we all dread, but somehow can't seem to avoid. The singer accidentally accessorized her all-white sweatsuit with what looks like the remains of a red raspberry.Not only does she now have a massive stain, but the splotch is located on in the worst place possible: her butt.On the plus side, her song "Bad Guy" hit number one on the Billboard Hot 100 list on the very same day, knocking off "Old Town Road" for the first time in five months. You win some, you lose some, I guess.Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			What, like it's hard?Life is filled with so many choices: fries or salad, Archie or Jughead, Instagram or Tiktok. But when you're left with the choice of being yourself or put up a front, always be yourself – unless you can be Elle Woods, then always be Elle Woods. In the courtroom, the classroom, and the closet, Elle is a true icon. She served us important life lessons ("Exercise gives you endorphins. Endorphins make you happy.") and turned out look after look in the process. Know what that means? She's the perfect option for your 2019 Halloween costume.So, before you hit up the pre-packaged costume section at your local Target, scroll through this list. Ahead, you'll find all of Elle Woods' best looks that would make epic DIY Legally Blonde costumes. The best part about this costume (besides the fact that it's dog-friendly) is that you can wear the fluffed-out jacket all fall long. AKA: you're not dropping cash on a one-time-use item.What you'll need: Shaggy Zip-Front Bomber Jacket, $139, Urban OutfittersSHOP NOW Tie a length of sparkly pink ribbon around the waist of any structured pink dress to recreate Elle's iconic courtroom look.What you'll need: D-Ring Belted Blazer Dress, $26, BoohooSHOP NOWPair a hot pink newsboy cap from your local thrift store with a striped blouse for this Elle Woods costume. Bonus points for the addition of a tiny dog.What you'll need: Fuzzy Newsboy Cap, $19, Urban Outfitters SHOP NOW Question: is there a single Elle look that's not ionic? Answer: No. Wear a red turtleneck, throw on a purple jacket, and pin a flower to your beanie to DIY this look with ease.What you'll need: Summer Beanie, $20, NFBSHOP NOW In the words of Elle herself: whoever said orange was the new pink was seriously disturbed. Recreate this fan favorite 'fit with a pink co-ord set and matching sunnies. What you'll need: I Got The Drip Leather Jacket, $50, Fashion NovaSHOP NOW Dress for Halloween like Elle did on the first day of law school. Ace the look in a green sweater and button-up. (What, like it's hard?)What you'll need: Belted V-Neck Cotton Cardigan, $89, & Other StoriesSHOP NOW  Technically, this dress is covered in clouds, but you can slip on any tie-dye mini to recreate it. Pop a flower behind your eat and your costume is set. What you'll need: Tie Dye Cami Plunge Maxi Dress, $42, MissguidedSHOP NOW You're not just going as a bunny, you're going as Elle Woods as a bunny. The '90s details and pink tights will keep your costume true to the film. What you'll need: Overbust Bustier Bodyshaper Top, $17, ChicasticSHOP NOW		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			This is the most un-Billie thing I've ever seen.After her furry pants, Gucci ankle pillow, and Powerpuff Girls ensemble, I didn't think anything Billie Eilish wore could shock me. Then, homegirl showed up in a wedding dress and dropped my jaw to the floor.The singer has been covering virtually every available magazine cover for the past few months, but her latest is the hands-down most unique she's done so far. Billie posed for V Magazine wearing a Victorian-style wedding dress with a bouquet of lilies.  V MAGAZINE COVER😈 20th anniversary issueA post shared by  BILLIE EILISH (@billieeilish) on Aug 19, 2019 at 6:07am PDTShe revived her butt-length black wig and accessorized with a silver snake headpiece that feels like something she'd reach for if she ever got married for real.Going bridal is the exact opposite of what I would expect from a Billie Eilish cover, but since that's kind of her thing, I probably should have seen this coming. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			They're taking over Instagram. Social media influencers really know how to master their aesthetic. It's all about choosing the right selfie, the right filter and the right color scheme. But while lots of Instagram influencers are known for either their unique style, makeup talent, or baddie aesthetic, there's a new group of teens who are taking over your Insta grid, and you've probably noticed that they're all wearing the same thing. They're called "VSCO girls" and their aesthetic is defined by their interest in the same brands and products. Yes, really! Chances are you probably follow a VSCO girl or you've seen the recent crop of VSCO girl memes, but if you're still lost, here's everything you need to know about the VSCO girl trend. A VSCO girl is someone whose aesthetic is influenced by the VSCO photo-editing app. The app lets you create and apply filters to your photo, so that you can share them onto your social media feeds. Some words people have used to describe the VSCO aesthetic are preppy but laid-back, beachy, trendy and basic, though sometimes basic can be associated with negative connotations. The #VSCOgirl hashtag on Instagram is full of photos of girls who have embraced the aesthetic. The aesthetic also involves taking perfectly-framed photos of your food, though that's not something that's totally unique to VSCO girls.  QOTD ~ Do you like butterflies? A ~ YES!!! . . . . . #butterfly #cute #girl #vsco #vscogirl #happy #love #brandymelville #brandy #summer #summer2019A post shared by  12k Babes (@vscorunning) on Aug 14, 2019 at 12:17pm PDT Apple Watch Inspo!! 1 or 2? • FOLLOW @vsco_therapy • • • #vscogirl #vsco #nichememes #niche #nichememeaccounts #nichememers #nichestarterpack #nichememeideas #nichememecommunity #nichecommunity #nichememe #l4l #f4f #quotesdaily #quotes #quotestolivebyA post shared by  Vsco Inspo - 100k 💕 (@vsco_therapy) on Aug 14, 2019 at 6:42pm PDT qotd - what’s your favorite ice cream flavor ? oa - dina’s fav is vanilla & cookies n cream vicky’s fav is vanilla & strawberry - #explorepage #vsco #vscogirl #trendy #vscofilter #vscocam #inspo #icecreamA post shared by  ☆ dina & vicky ☆ (@vscowashedbitch) on Aug 15, 2019 at 9:45am PDTThere's a list of very specific brands and products that VSCO girls are into. To spot a VSCO girl, you can look out for products like clothing from Brandy Melville, Hydroflask water bottles, white Vans, Puka shell necklaces,  scrunchie hair ties, metal straws, choker necklaces, Birkenstocks and the list goes on.VSCO girls are also environmentally conscious because it's part of the aesthetic. That's why you're likely to see VSCO girls using Hydro Flask water bottles and metal straws, according to NBC News. If you've got some money to spend on a few new items then it's pretty easy. Buy some of the VSCO girl-related products and start taking tons of photos, but don't forget the VSCO filters. You can get started by pairing some Vans with a Hydroflash water bottle and a Brandy Melville top.The VSCO girl trend has sparked a ton of memes and jokes on places like Twitter and TikTok. Here are some of them. when VSCO girls forget their hydro and scrunchies at their E-Boy boyfriend Chad's house 🙈 pic.twitter.com/tAiVr6d5Y3me: 😐vsco girls: pic.twitter.com/7xIMCQyDyXwhat do vsco girls wear on their wrists?skskskskskskrunchies		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Yeah, there's a lot of Lonely Island on this list.  Live from New York, IT'S HALLOWEEN! As such, you need an epic costume. One that all your Insta fans (your mom) can appreciate and one that also requires only a simple DIY, because let's face it, you're lazy. Thankfully, your favorite show Saturday Night Live is a literal goldmine of genius Halloween costume ideas. But since I know you don't have the time or energy to sift through 44 seasons of material, I've narrowed it down to the best, most recognizable SNL sketches and characters that would make a great costume. Get your holiday prepped with the very best SNL Halloween costumes.  You don't even have to go shopping to recreate this hilarious commercial. Dip into your collection of mom jeans, then throw on a pastel top. Bonus points for the Kris Jenner haircut. What you'll need: Levi's Wedgie Icon, $98, AritziaSHOP NOWThis sketch is probably one of the most memorable scenes in modern SNL history. Dress up as Melissa dressed up as Spicey and then cry over the tragic state of our government. What you'll need: Jacquard Boyfriend Blazer, $50, Old NavySHOP NOWThere are few SNL scenes more iconic, more get-caught-in-your-head than "Dick in a Box." Honestly, you could wear anything and no one would notice, as long as you've got the box. What you'll need: Flecked Suit Blazer, $60, MangoSHOP NOWOnly true SNL fans will recognize this iconic skit. The costume itself is easy – just throw on typical '90s clothes – it's the DIY conehead that will be tougher to make. Anyone with papier-mâché skills can create the dome with just a few craft materials. What you'll need: Geo-tribal Chunky Sweater, $45, ASOSSHOP NOWA classic skit that makes a really easy costume. Literally just put on a suit and say "this is the Weekend Update" all night long. If you want to put a little more effort into your look, DIY the iconic global background with a big piece of blue poster board.  What you'll need: Double-Breasted Blazer, $80, Macy'sSHOP NOWThis classic Saturday Night Live sketch is so ionic that it literally got it's own spin-off movie. Grab the Garth to your Wayne, throw on ripped skinnies, flannel shirts, and a couple of mullet wigs – BOOM. Costume completed. What you'll need: Georgia Mum Jeans, $62, ShowpoSHOP NOWWho's that Spartan in my teepee? It's YOU this Halloween. Grab a vintage cheerleader costume and start practicing your best Will Ferrell. What you'll need: Chunky Mesh Sneakers, $59, Charles & KeithSHOP NOWThere are few things I stan harder than Ariana Grande and deep-sea mythical creatures. This combination of both is truly iconic. Get your significant other to dress up as a fisherman for an epic couples costume.What you'll need: Disney "The Little Mermaid" Seashell Swim Top, $19, Hot TopicSHOP NOWYour friends probably blared this song from every available stereo for months after this sketch aired. The boys wear preppy staples you probably already have in your closet, making this the perfect DIY costume.What you'll need: Island Resort Button-Down, $10, AeropostaleSHOP NOWThis look is an easy one to recreate. Just dress up like your favorite of Pete's characters and slap on some temporary tattoos. What you'll need: Temporary Tattoo Sheets, $2, Tiny TatsSHOP NOWAnyone with a pair of khaki pants and sunglasses can pull off this costume. Plus, it gives you an extra reason to get highlights. It's a win/win!What you'll need: Bi-Stretch Twill Blazer, $35, TargetSHOP NOWThe holidays are starting extra early this year. Recreate the Christmas classic with burgundy sweaters for your whoooole crew. What you'll need: Soft Cotton Boatneck, $68, EverlaneSHOP NOWArguably one of the best, most outrageous characters in SNL history, Stefon's persona is perfect for Halloween. Recreate his wedding look – veil and all – for a hilarious costume fans will freak for.What you'll need: Stefon Tattoo Long Sleeve SNL Tee, $35, Halloweencostumes.comSHOP NOWThere's no better time to visit Hell than Halloween, amiright?! Pile on the pinks, metallics, and rhinestones for a look that's weirdly kind of on-trend. What you'll need: Naven Stella Dress, $52, RevolveSHOP NOWThis video is a beginner's guide to a basic Halloween. Team up with your friends to be two mice and their cheese. What you'll need: Cheesehead Hat, $28, WalmartSHOP NOW		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Siberia Hills says Billie had nothing to do with it.Just days after announcing her clothing collaboration with Siberia Hills, Billie Eilish's latest merch collection has been removed from her website. Fans are pointing out that the designs from the collection look very similar to an anime drawing from Japanese artist @m_qurokawa. Some believe this was the original artwork, which was posted on the artist's Twitter last August.And this is the design used in the Billie Eilish x Siberia Hills collection. Siberia Hills has removed their post about the collection from their Instagram, but fans are still coming after the 17-year-old artist and the brand on Twitter.On the brand's Instagram, they admitted to stealing the designs, posting an apology on their feed and promising to refund all customers. "To the talented artist Mr. M_Qurokawa, we apologize for taking from your artwork for our merchandise collaboration with Billie Eilish," Siberia Hills wrote. "Billie and her team were not aware that we used your art, they just believed in the product. We were the creative force behind this collaboration. To Billie, and her fans, we apologize for causing this issue. These items will not be released. To those who already purchased, you will be refunded."Billie Eilish hasn't yet addressed the accusations. Seventeen.com has reached out to Siberia Hills and Billie Eilish's team for comment. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Deyyyyum!Does anyone know a good eye doctor? Because Sarah Hyland is BLINDING me with that massive, sparkly-as-hell engagement ring dangling from her left hand. The Modern Family star walked the red carpet – well, in this case blue carpet – at the TCAs. She attended sans her mega-fine fiancé Wells Adams, but, of course, she was positively flaunting her brand new diamond.Along with the gorgeous bling, Sarah wore a netted mini skirt with a matching bralette and tangerine lucite heels. The whole bra-as-a-top aesthetic is really serving me low-key Haley Dunphy vibes. But Sarah isn't just here to own the red carpet, the actress is nominated for a Teen Choice Award for Choice TV Actress: Comedy. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Just lookin' for my alien.If you're trying to get past an entire squad of government cronies protecting Area 51, you're going to have to find a pretty good disguise. And that disguise needs to look good, because there's always a chance that you'll find your alien and it'll turn out to be an intergalactic Harry Styles lookalike with whom you'll promptly fall in love. Anyway, to make your Area 51 (and Halloween) prep a little easier, I've found some pretty epic DIY alien costumes that will make you look just like the real thing – only more fabulous. Ahead, you'll find no ugly plastic masks, only silver-studded extra terrestrials, metallic space cadets, and the coolest alien-inspired makeup looks. These alien Halloween costume ideas are out of this freaking world. Ariana Grande said it best: "I'ma need space." Get it for yourself by rocking this epic couples costume: one person in a NASA suit and one person in a neon alien 'fit. You'll rule the Halloween party, if not entire universe, in this ultra sparkly look. Just glue some diamonds over your brows and apply some intergalactic falsies. You'll be the most fabulous alien at Area 51 in this retro look. The candy floss ensemble feels totally unexpected, but still out of this world. Have all other spaceships SHAKING in this iridescent get-up. DIY a glam makeup look by playing up your contour with eerie green shimmer.Did it hurt when you fell from space? This DIY alien costume is alien-meets-angel in the best possible way. Bring 2019's "Old Town Road" vibes into the year 3000 with a futuristic space cowgirl costume. All you need is a sexy boot and a lot of silver and neon.You can turn anything into a DIY alien costume, as long as you're wearing this gorgeous rhinestone glam.A neon bodysuit and thigh-high socks are all you need to recreate this neon costume. Bonus points for the epic hairdo.  You're a princess on this earth and every other. Give your alien costume a touch of royalty with a DIY feather crown. Even if you don't happen to have a green onesie lying around, this alien makeup will make your whole Halloween look. Can't decide between a mermaid and an alien? Combine the two etherial looks for the ultimate DIY costume. Put the "extra" in extra terrestrial in a costume made entirely of faux fur, metallic sheen, and plush velvet. Halloween is an excuse to pile on all the jewelry you own – especially if you're going as an alien. Then just top your look with a set of antennas. Become an all-knowing being with three sets of eyes that can see everything. You'll need some face paint and a few sets of falsies to pull off this beat.  Protect all creatures with a space-ready costume that looks so fab. Reuse your go-go boots from last Halloween to DIY this look.Just cover your entire outfit in eyes and trust me, it'll look straight from space.The secret to an easy alien costume: a silver ensemble and space buns. Then just add, like, a lot of glitter.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Sister can literally rock anything. When YouTuber James Charles turns out a look, his booty usually takes a starring role. Last night, he wore what might be his best look ever – and it's a huge departure from his norm. At Joey Graceffa's "Escape The Night" Escape Room Experience in Beverly Hills, James strutted the red carpet wearing head-to-toe black leather. He accessorized the look (which I will be copying at the earliest possible opportunity, FYI) with stiletto heels and a $1,250 Balenciaga fanny pack that has my inner fckboi SCREAMING. If you're trying to slay like a Sister, you can still shop James' fanny pack on the Balenciaga website.If you're not trying to drop a casual grand on a bag, shop these (cheaper) lookalikes. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			*Madonna plays softly in the background.*After binging a full nine hours of Stranger Things, you've probably got the '80s on the brain. And that's good for two reasons: 1. '80s fashion trends are officially back in style. And, 2. Halloween is almost here. Now, I'm not going to fill this article with remakes and reboots (although, Stranger Things does have some pretty epic costume ideas). Instead, I've pulled together some of the most iconic pop culture moments from the 1980s that will have strangers yelling "I LOVE YOUR COSTUME" at you all night long. Here are the best '80s Halloween costumes from music, television, movies, and beyond.  When it comes to Halloween planning, consider yourself saved by the bell. Zack, Kelly, Slater, Lisa, Jessie, and Screech were probably a huge part of your childhood, no matter when you were born. What you'll need: Multicolor Striped Shirt, $18, Forever 21SHOP NOWYeah, there are a lot of John Hughes movies on this list. Recreate this iconic scene from "Ferris Bueller's Day Off" just by hitting up your local thrift store. What you'll need: Ferris Bueller's Day Off Costume Vest, $40, EtsySHOP NOWYou can't talk about '80s style without bringing up the queen herself, Madonna. Her lace-and-tulle "Like a Virgin" album cover is a Halloween costume just waiting to happen.  What you'll need: Live Lace Bustier Top, $27, SuperdownSHOP NOWJust pick any John Hughes movie and you've got basically an entire lifetime worth of '80s Halloween costume ideas. This movie is perfect for a group of five looking for a great squad look.  What you'll need: Perfect Sleeve Boat-Neck Tee, $25, Lane BryantSHOP NOWPrince basically wrote the soundtrack to the 1980s. If you happen to have a bedazzled purple suit, you can easily recreate his most famous look: a plum jacket and big hair, made famous by the hit "Purple Rain."This '80s Halloween costume would be perfect for a costume-meets-pool party. There should really be more of those...Pick any look from Whitney's epic music video, so you'll have an excuse to scream-sing "I Wanna Dance With Somebody" at every single party you go to.  No, Heathers isn't just a play from Riverdale. This movie was an '80s classic and almost every scene has a look worthy of your 2019 Halloween costume. Every time Freddie stepped onto the stage, he supplied a new Halloween costume for future generations. One of his easiest to make and most memorable is the white tank and studs outfit from the 1985 Live Aid concert. Alexa, play "Push It," by Salt-N-Pepa. This iconic group deserves our recognition 365 days a year, but let's face it: those spandex-and-leather outfits were made for Halloween.Even if you're not big on the Star Trek fandom, you can still appreciate their costumes. I mean, Uhura was fabulous, even in outer space.Basically all you need to throw it back to the '80s is a wild vintage windbreaker. Find a mural to pose in front of to replicate this exact photo for your Halloween Instagram.Tom Cruise's iconic Risky Business dance scene outfit crops up almost every Halloween, because it's just so easy to make. Throw on an oversized button-up, tube socks, and a pair of Ray-Bans. Nobody puts Baby in a corner, but we do steal her outfits. You probably already own everything required to duplicate this outfit, now you just need a Patrick Swayze to complete the look. Egon, Ray, Peter, Winston – the ultimate '80s squad. You can buy lookalike costumes for the entire crew at basically any party store. This might be one of the easiest and best costumes of the 1980s. Rep the greats in baggy T-shirts and jeans, then add flat-bills and chains to your entire crew. Bonus points if you grow out an '80s-inspired mullet.  Rainbow Bright is an icon for anyone who grew up in the '80s. And her kitschy outfit is just as trendy today.Basically any combination of pink, pearls, and floral print will get you looking like Molly Ringwald in Pretty in Pink. Cyndi's look is best described as a dress-up box explosion. Just drape beads, shawls, scarves, pins, and pearls all over yourself – then go really heavy on the eye makeup. Let's get physical! This '80s Halloween costume is perfect for when you've got a workout at 7 and a party at 8.Yes, we already discussed Pretty in Pink, but Duckie's looks are just too good to pass up. Honestly, I'd wear that blazer any day of the week.Sir Elton John is a Halloween favorite, mostly because you get to wear fun sunglasses to take on his persona. If you want to pay tribute to the literal knight of pop, rock some of his technicolor outfits from the '80s.The WWE was huge in the 1980s – almost as big as Hulk Hogan's biceps. Rep the most famous wrestler of all in a pair of comfy Lululemon leggings and cowboy boots. Before there were fidget spinners, there was the Rubik's Cube. Only the biggest nerds need apply to this costume.This might have been one of the biggest moments of the 1980s – and I do mean that literally. Those puff sleeves, that massive veil – you can replicate a similar look at any vintage store.  What you'll need: White Costume Wedding Veil, $10, Party CitySHOP NOW		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Need a boost of creativity? Ask a queen. No one on this entire earth can beat a face better than a Drag Queen (do not @ me, there is no changing my mind). These icons are masters of beauty and style. I dare you to Google "best drag looks" and NOT feel totally inspired. All this mastery is inspiring year round, but if you're stumped for a creative makeup idea for your Halloween costume, look to the glitter-coated Instagram grids of your favorite queens for inspiration. They've got plenty of lewks to serve and be served – from scary Halloween costumes of their own to punny costume ideas or brilliantly executed celebrity impersonations. Without further ado, here are some of the most creative ideas in dress-up inspired by the world’s most talented drag queens.Show the world just how extra your skincare routine is with a Halloween costume that's dedicated to it. Yvie Oddly amped up your typical Instagram towel-and-robe look with patent leather pumps, a bright green face mask, and a whole lot of rubber duckies.  Give those bunny ears a terrifying revamp with Kim Chi's wonderfully gory Halloween makeup look from last year. It's half fabulous queen, half teddy bear that comes alive at night and eats your toes. She's not a snack, she's the whoooole meal. Wrap yourself in cellophane for a genius Halloween costume inspired by the great Manila Luzon. This look is about as extra as it gets. Pink feathers, pink hair, pink stiletto heels – this tropical look is perfect for anyone who wants to make 👏 an 👏 entrance 👏. Barbie herself is truly SHAKING. Dupe any one of Trixie's trademark all-pink drag looks for a vibe that screams "life in plastic, it's fantastic." Thrift yourself an '80s ball gown to complete this Halloween costume in style.Lesson learned: good makeup (and hair) turns an outfit into a LOOK. Shop your local vintage store for a bold retro look, then wild out in your glam for an easy costume that looks so put-together.Pennywise has never looked this chic. Thanks to the high-glamour wig and the tulle neck piece, this classic costume gets an epic drag revival. Nina West deserves to be knighted for this outfit alone. Dress up as the country that invented "spilling the tea," in an English-inspired Halloween look, like Nina's.Halloween's hottest accessory is horns, and Adroginking's looks always play with fun demonic add-ons. This particular one is spooky no matter what season it is.Can't get enough sparkles? Take a page from Neon Calypso's book and just put confetti everywhere, paired with a super colorful outfit. Take some notes from the reigning queen of RuPaul's Drag Race and become a literal flower—bouquet and all!Theydy Bedbug is one of the most creative makeup artists we've seen, and their all-red look really makes a statement.Kimchi is another great look queen, and she's not afraid to get corny with her creativity.Sasha Velour designed this look after a majestical crown, because when you're a genius like she is, ANY object can be inspiration. Go regal this year and copy her iconic glittery lips and high brows. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Like super secret Russian codes. Netflix understands that after an eight-hour binge, viewers leave their couches with a Stranger Things-shaped hole in their hearts that needs filling. And thanks to the numerous collaborations they've dropped, you can fill yours with really cool merch.You can shop Hopper's cutting-edge pink shirt, Eleven's graphic button-up, and now, Nike's viral sneaker filled with secret hidden messages. During San Francisco Comic Con in July, Stranger Things unveiled the limited-edition sneaker in collaboration with streetwear retailer, BAIT. At first glance, they look like your typical retro trainer. But fans are finding some really cool hidden details, that even Bob the Brain might not have noticed. For example: if you take a lighter to the back of the heel, it burns away the fabric to reveal the Stranger Things logo. And if you burn the white fabric of the rest of the shoe, it reveals a cool denim fabric underneath.The message don't stop there, though. When you pull out the insole of the shoe, it reveals the top-secret Russian code from the show and handwritten notes. One of the notes – presumably written by Dustin – reads: "Suzie -- do you copy??"Sneakerheads, rejoice, because these sneakers and their high-top counterpart, were supposed to be exclusively sold at Comic Con. But later this month, they will both be available to purchase online. Hypebeast reports that on August 13, the collection will hit digital shelves at retailers like Sneakersnstuff. Each pair, which retail for $110 each, will come with collectible pins. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			And everything comes with a free album. "Old Town Road" remixes are to Lil Nas X what merch collections are to Billie Eilish – she cannot stop making them. Back in April, the singer dropped a collection with artist Takashi Murakami, then released a line with Freak City, and on top of that, she has her own merch brand, Blohsh. Now, she has joined forces with streetwear brand Siberia Hills for a limited range of anime designs. The collection itself is small, but epic: one hoodie and one tee. The sweatshirt comes in black and white, and like the T-shirt, is emblazoned with a squad of bikini-clad anime characters over the Japanese spelling of Billie's name. Every piece from the line comes with a digital When We All Fall Asleep, Where Do We Go? album totally free. But like most of her collaborations, this release will be sold out in no time.Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Her top is legit $40.When Selena Gomez said she was getting "back to work," she wasn't kidding. Four days later, Puma announced her another epic campaign starring Selena herself.The athleisure brand is releasing three new colorblocked versions of the iconic Cali sneaker – they call it the Cail Remix. Selena, the ambassador for the shoe, channeled her truest self in the campaign shots, wearing Puma's $65 Kick Flare Pants, a $40 long sleeve crop top, XL hoops, and a pair of pretty pink sneakers. The new designs includes a rose and white shoe, a teal and black version, and a black-tipped white sneaker. Next Thursday, August 15, the entire collection drops on Puma.com and in Puma stores nationwide. You can cop your own kicks for $80. Until then, shop the rest of Selena's outfit below.Classics Womens Long Sleeve Crop Top, $40, PumaSHOP NOWClassic Womens Kick Flare Pants, $65, PumaSHOP NOWFollow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			So much neon.In her latest thirst trap, makeup mogul Kylie Jenner is rocking more slime than a Nickelodeon awards show. She posed poolside wearing a neon green string bikini and matching sneakers to promote Adidas' new Ozweego sneaker collection. Kylie matched her entire outfit to her highlighter kicks just for this photo op. Her exact sneakers aren't available in the Ozweego collection, but you can shop a pair that looks almost identical. For $110, you can nab the Jenner-approved dad sneaker that will make literally any outfit look chic. Along with the millennial green pair, Adidas also has versions in white, black, orange, blush, and charcoal – some monochromatic, others with varying levels of neon. The full line will be available August 10 in stores and on Adidas.com, but you can check out the best pairs below right now.Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Amp up your spring break style with these cool picks. A vacation is only as good as the Instagrams you post, so if you're prepping for a tropical trip this summer, a standout swimsuit (or five) is a must. Get your summer break fix with these cheap one-pieces and bikinis for under $100.Forget swimwear, I'm wearing this little baby as a body suit. The vibrant print and retro halter cut will take this onesie to the beach and beyond. Thanks to the thick straps, this top offers major support – and yeah, it looks really cute, too.  Every influencer on your feed has been wearing this trend all summer. Shop this little belted number in sizes 8-22. Tiny yellow florals give a classic black one-piece the perfect dose of '90s flare. If you identify as a Nancy Wheeler, shop this '80s-inspired geometric set that looks like it's straight out of Stranger Things 3.This graphic bikini top is so cute, it could double as a tube top. Throw on a bucket hat and some shorties for an Insta-ready '90s moment. A tropical print onesie is a Spring Break necessity. Make sure to save room in your suitcase for this cute suit. Nasty Gal launched their very first inclusive swimwear collection. Shop stunners like this lemony two-piece in sizes 0-20 for cheap at NastyGal.com. This onesie comes with an open tummy panel – for days when you can't decide between a one-piece and a bikini. You can't ignore a splash of rainbow. This two-piece will make a major statement among the hoards of plain black bikinis. Like this suit? Shop more of Kendall + Kylie's swimsuit collection here. A flirty high-rise two-piece is every fashion girl's secret to looking chic on the beach. Go for an earthy '70s color story to make a girly daisy print feel vintage-y, instead of hyper-feminine. Even nautical red stripes feel edgy on a cool one-shoulder bikini.This onesie is basically the swimsuit version of a unicorn.Your tan line will look weird, but your Instas will be FIRE.Put your curves on full display with a onesie that comes with a built-in boob frame. This suit proves once and for all there's never a wrong time for a Canadian tuxedo.  		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Always be yourself. Unless you can be a unicorn.The worst part about the Halloween season: spending $40 on a pre-packaged costume that will be totally irrelevant by the time next year's festivities roll around. That's why unicorn costumes are so freaking popular – throw on a pretty pastel dress, a rainbow wig a la Kylie Jenner, and a cheap horn. BOOM! You look chic, put-together, and not at all like you shopped for your costume 8 hours before the party (which you did, btw). Ahead, check out the internet's best DIY unicorn costumes that you can shop for now and then wear again later – sans the horn.Gather your best baddies to create a unicorn girl gang this Halloween. Bring the look into 2019 with a sexy mesh pleather skirt that'll look equally as cute over an LBD.What you'll need: White Vegan Leather Harness Skirt, $26, AmazonSHOP NOWIf you're not trying to dedicate yourself to a full-on unicorn onesie, opt for a more laid-back outfit. Add a DIY tutu and horn to your favorite tank and slip on some sneaks. What you'll need: Pink Tulle Skirt, $13, AmazonSHOP NOWChannel Wednesday Addams and your inner unicorn at the same time. Just swipe on a bold black lip to add a punky edge to a typically girly costume. What you'll need: MegaLast Liquid Catsuit Matte Lipstick, $3, Wet n WildSHOP NOWMuch like Kim Kardashian's makeup routine, this look is allll contour. Go heavy with a candy hue, then add stick-on rhinestones and rainbow hair spray to bring a touch of magic to your entire beauty look. What you'll need: Bright Pink Powder Blush, $17, MAC CosmeticsSHOP NOWTake a trip to the galaxy with this out-of-this-world take on a unicorn costume. Some shimmer and shine is all you'll need to be a supernova girl unicorn.What you'll need: Mechanist Highlighting Duo, $6, NYXSHOP NOWUnicorn, but make it fashion. Repurpose an old homecoming or prom gown into the perfect (FREE) unicorn princess costume. Top off with a matching silvery horn.What you'll need: Madalyn White Lace Maxi Dress, $84, Lulu'sSHOP NOWAn iridescent tail turns this simple, all-white outfit into unicorn emoji realness. If you're in need of a new bodysuit, we've got you covered. What you'll need: White Scoop Neck Bodysuit, $18, Pretty Little ThingSHOP NOWEmbrace your inner basic in this flower crown-meets-unicorn costume. It's pretty easy to DIY, just glue some blooms onto your average Halloween store uni crown. Combine two of your favorite looks with this whimsical AF fairy-inspired unicorn beat. You don't have to BE the unicorn to achieve ~unicorn-vibes.~ You can also rock this pool-floaty costume by StudioDIY. Get a link to the tutorial here. You know if LaurDIY is behind a unicorn look, it's going to be magical. Learn how to make this look for yourself with her simple tutorial. This look combines everyone's favorite mythical creature with the colors of fall. I bet you never knew you wanted to be a pumpkin spice unicorn, but now you're obsessed. Before you get started with this look, you'll want to make sure to shop some pearls for the headband.What you'll need: Large Pearl Strand, $5, Michael'sSHOP NOWWith a gem-covered horn and iridescent face jewels, this glam unicorn look is fit for a queen.A pastel/iridescent eye shadow, glitter freckles, and shimmer brows are simple makeup tricks that anyone can do to make their unicorn-look pop.This look is a fun alternative for the chillier months, because let's face it, no one wants to wear a tutu in the snow. But let's be real, a cute onesie can work all year round. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Apparently, I'm a total Nancy.Just in case you got distracted by the telekinesis, food court battle, and army of ghouls that dominated most of Stranger Things 3, I'd just like to take a quick second to remind you that this show has some seriously epic fashion. Between Eleven's shopping montage and Nancy's '80s power dresses, I was in style heaven. Weeks later, I found myself really leaning into midi skirts and shoulder pads – turns out, I'm a total Nancy. So if you want to find out for yourself whose looks you should be copying, read ahead. Are you a Max at heart? Or more of a El type of girl? Find out right now.Get your printed button-ups ready, because homegirl, you're an Eleven. Her closet is packed with clothing, but for her it's not just about aesthetics. Each piece in her closet has a sentimental meaning and she chooses based on how she's feeling that day. Having a rough day? Go for dad's beloved flannel. Staying at home with your girlfriend? You'll probably borrow her sweatpants. Feeling super confident? You'll reach for a dress that feels authentically you. Your clothes empower, comfort, and inspire you. You're entire aura – and especially your wardrobe – is totally Max. You'd never jump on a trend just because everyone else is wearing it, but you'll go hard on a bold style if you feel like it. You want your clothes to feel comfy, cool, and 100% true to who you are. Like Max, you should be leaning into laid-back pieces like '90s baby tees and street-ready sneakers. Like me, you were probably swooning over Nancy's midi dresses and femme accessories throughout the entire third season. At first, she comes off as timid and sweet, but don't let those kitten heels fool you, she's driven, passionate, and totally badass. Her look is professional and trendy and somehow is still totally relevant in 2019. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Literally EVERYTHING.Kendall and Kylie Jenner have just effectively proven, once and for all that they are out to get allll my money. I mean, I've always suspected it, but now, my wallet's worst fears have been confirmed. The two most fashionable sisters in Hollywood just released another life-changing swimsuit collection and it basically demands to be purchased. They joined forces with Ardene to drop a super cheap swimsuit collection, with not a single item over the price of $40 – and most things under $25. Just like their Instagram feeds, the Kendall + Kylie swimsuits are dipping in highlighter brights, snakeskin print, and design details favored in the 1990s. If you're waiting for the catch, there isn't one. Promise. Every single piece is trendy, chic, and so cheap that I literally cannot resist. So why don't we just wrap up this conversation and get straight to the shopping? Ready... Set... Go. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Your butt will thank you. You've already experienced the life-changing (read: butt-changing) magic of a good pair of Lululemon leggings, but trust me, they're not the only brand that can serve up a solid pair of workout pants. There are tons of options out there that will feel just as cloud-like, look just as cute, and make your legs look just as good – but for a third of the price. Since it's basically impossible to figure out whether leggings fit the standard without actually sweating in them, you're basically left to spend hours reading online reviews and polling fitness friends for their favorites. Well, I've already done that (you're welcome) and I've compiled all the game-changers right here on this list. So, before you hit "Add to Cart" on yet another pair of $100+ leggings, skim this list for the best Lululemon alternatives that feel just like the real thing. Fans of Lululemon's Wunder Under leggings, listen up. These tights look and feel just like them. They're super touchable and stay up, even through a heavy-duty workout. Our friends at Elle have already given these leggings their stamp of approval, calling them "better than most sports brands." They offer the perfect combination of durable, stretchy, supportive, and affordable, but most importantly, THEY HAVE POCKETS.  These vibrant tights boast 1,464 5-star reviews (and counting). Wearers say they're buttery soft, super smoothing, and can even take on a half-marathon. Plus, they boast the air-like feeling of your favorite Lululemon leggings. Because of Gymshark's two-tone detailing, your butt will truly never look better. On top of that, they're sweat-resistant, and comfortable enough for several hours of veg-out time after your workout. The internet is obsessed with these leggings, so much so, that the straight size version is completely sold out. They're still available in plus size, though, and totally worth the price tag. (Read: side pockets.)These are hands-down the best workout leggings in my personal lineup. They do to your entire lower half what Lululemon leggings do to your butt. They keep you feeling compact, with zero knee-pit chafing, and the butt seams frame your booty – and I cannot emphasize this enough – perfectly.These leggings hit at your true waist and the fit is just as flattering as your favorite Lululemon leggings. Stretchy, comfortable fabric makes for a top-level workout.These workout leggings "stay put during high-intensity workouts," and are "really comfortable and flattering." And did I mention they're LEOPARD PRINT? Because yeah, they are.These leggings (which come in five different colors, FYI) are Beyond Yoga's number one seller. They've got almost exclusively 5-star ratings that all say something along the lines of: "these leggings are the softest and most comfortable leggings I own."Tons of commenters say they bought extra pairs of this Lululemon alternative, just in case Torrid ever runs out of stock – that's how good they are. If you need more proof, just scroll through the reviews and look at all the Hot Girl Selfies.The Nike Pro Tights are Nike's best-selling workout legging. They're breathable, offer great compression, and give you Lululemon levels of butt framing.Lorna Jane's tights come with a triple-digit price tag, but can be work to the gym, class, and beyond. They're comfortable enough for 8-hour stretches on your couch or a hardcore fitness routine. Plus, the high-rise waistband really smooths and synches. All Tory Sport leggings have a super high rating, but these ones offer looks and support. One customer called them "the most comfortable workout pants I have ever owned." And look at those stripes! I'm sold. These leggings have an influencer cult-following and not just because they look hella cute in pics. They've got 4.5 stars, thanks to their durability and stretch. Even the most active users say they're "great for weightlifting, boxing, cross-training, powerlifting, hiking or Crossfit."On top of the cute print, these leggings are lightweight and won't ride up. Plus the smooth-fit tummy panel makes for comfortable compression. I exclusively wear c9 Champion sports bras (read my love letter here) and their workout leggings are just as good – I'm talking Lululemon good. Snag them on your next trip to Target if you like the sweat-wicking technology of the Wunder Under.Don't let the pricetag scare you, Bandier has legions of loyal followers who swear by their workout gear. The ultra-soft Inversion Legging compress enough for a multi-mile run, but somehow still makes your butt look bomb.These leggings are a streetwear favorite. Out of 523 reviews, these bad boys boast a 4.5-star rating. Satisfied customers say they do double duty – perfect for the gym or daywear. Even without the 4.5-star rating, these leggings are worth it for the design alone. The woven detailing on the ankle adds a does of fashion while the ruched waistband makes your butt look like a 10/10. 4.5-star reviews say these colorblock workout pants are lightweight, flexible, and plush-soft. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			First date? We've got you. Let's be real, 99% of the time, first dates are awkward as hell, especially when all you've got to talk about is one blurry profile pic and the Bumble profile they barely took the time to fill out. Give yourself the boost of confidence you need for the first meet-up with a majorly hot outfit that will make you feel like a super babe.  Even if your date doesn't make it past the first night out, these outfits will be the stars of your fall rotation.  Date or no date, you'll be serving lewks. To make your getting ready process a little bit easier, read up on the best date outfits that will leave your (maybe) future bae speechless. Leather, pleather, faux leather – they all give off a rock n'roll, cool-girl vibe.  Try one in a vampy color, then pair it up with a sheer top and bralette.What you'll need:  Burgundy PU Hardware Mini Skirt, $60, TopshopSHOP NOW There's something about leopard print that just makes you feel so sexy. Pair a simple animal print mini with equally flirty footwear, like Kendall Jenner's knee-high leather boots.What you'll need:  Vivette Dress, $98, Reformation SHOP NOW This easy pairing is timeless and classic. The partially-sheer top shows off the goods, without being too revealing. Add booty-hugging black skinnies and a sultry red lip for major babe points.What you'll need: Emma Puff Sleeve Lace White Top, $89, WAYFSHOP NOWNot every date night requires a skin-tight mini dress. For a more low-key meet-up, reach for this classic duo. Sultry textures like faux leather and leopard print suede will still make you look (and feel) super sexy.What you'll need: Zipped Biker Jacket, $40, MangoSHOP NOWA satin mini dress is the perfect date night outfit, because well, it's basically lingerie – and it doesn't get much hotter than that. Pair it up with big sparkly earrings, and elegant sandals. Layer it over a fitted tee if you're trying for a little more relaxed vibe.What you'll need: Plus Satin Strappy Slip Dress, $22, BoohooSHOP NOWWhen you're trying to turn up the heat, a little cleavage is always a good thing. Balance out the flash of skin with a structured cut, like this blazer dress. It's super hot, but polished at the same time. What you'll need: Stargazed Neon Blazer Dress, $57, AkiraSHOP NOWAn edgy denim mini dress serves style and major leg, but still looks laid-back. Style it out with a pair of sneakers – you'll look cool as hell and your feet will love you. It's a win-win situation.  What you'll need:  Off The Shoulder Denim Shirt Dress, $35, BoohooSHOP NOW If you don't own a pair of leather pants yet, right now is the time to invest. Add them to even your most stuffy work blazer for an instant dose of va va voom.What you'll need:  Faux Leather Skinny Pants, $98, Nordstrom SHOP NOW Casual, with a nod to vintage, the square neck on this ribbed tee shows skin in a super fashion way. It's universally flattering and when worn with jeans, it's the ultimate date night 'fit. What you'll need:  Fair and Square Neck Bodysuit, $58, Free PeopleSHOP NOW This iconic silhouette hugs and accentuates at all the right places – and trust, bae will take notice. Style by layering a few necklaces and voila, you're good to go!What you'll need:  Unique21 Hero Floral Kimono Sleeve Wrap Dress, $36, AsosSHOP NOW Skirts are overrated (I said what I said). Try a pair of statement shorts that won't run the risk of a wind-related wardrobe malfunction, like your favorite mini. What you'll need:  Lost + Wander Guava Ruffle Mini Dress, $98, ShopbopSHOP NOW Even in the winter months, your favorite crop is a fail-safe staple to build your date outfit around. Layer it under a jacket with high-rise jeans, or pair it with a flirty skirt for summer. What you'll need:  Collusion Ruched Front Crop Top, $24, Asos  SHOP NOW A fitted maxi is a casual choice that still flatters.  You'll be comfy and looking your best so you can focus on flirting!What you'll need:  Coraline Patchwork Ruffle Maxi Dress, $39.99, Urban Outfitters SHOP NOW  It might seem like an unexpected date night outfit, but this onesie is the perfect one-and-done 'fit that serves body-ody-ody. Slip it on, add a statement lip, and you've got a full look completed in less than an minute.What you'll need:  Tie Front Boiler Suit, $129, Lucky Brand SHOP NOW Grunge up a super-sweet floral dress with beat-up combat boots or style with white sneakers for chill vibes. Swipe on a pretty pink lip (to draw attention to your mouth) and you're good to go.What you'll need:  Floral Print Dress, $15.99, MangoSHOP NOW 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's Britney, bitch. Britney Spears is the style inspo gift that keeps on giving. The pop princess has delivered endless iconic looks that still have us shaking twenty years later. Her style is relevant 365 days a year, but Halloween is the best time to recreate her wildest outfits (read: walk around with a snake draped around your shoulders).From Britney's "...Baby One More Time" Catholic school girl vibe to that see-through bodysuit from "I'm a Slave 4 U", homegirl has supplied us an entire career worth of lewks just waiting to be turned into this year's Halloween costume. Whatever your vibe, Britney's got a look for that. Just remember confidence is a must, cockiness is a plus when it comes to dressing like Britney, bish! Keep reading for all the most iconic Britney Spears costume ideas that deserve to be rocked (baby) one more time. It's #britneyween b*tch 🐍A post shared by  Brooke Rogerson (@punk_squirrel) on Oct 29, 2017 at 9:28am PDTDoesn't get more iconic than Britney working the VMA stage while draped in a big ole python. Since you probably don't have access to a living reptile, snag a stuffed version for cheap. What you'll need: Albino Burmese Python Plush Snake, $14.33, AmazonShop NowA post shared by Joanna Baumann ❤️ (@jovegasradio) on Oct 29, 2017 at 6:08pm PDTHistory will never forget the exact moment that Britney Spears invented denim. For a tcouples costume it doesn't get much better than this.What you'll need: Raw Hem Denim Bustier, $40.88, EtsyShop Now She’s so lucky, she’s a star ⭐️ •••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• #happyhalloween #britneyspears #lucky #ohmygodhereshecomes #britneyspearshalloween #britneyspearscostume #odetobritneyA post shared by  Juliana 🐰 (@julianadelrey_) on Oct 28, 2017 at 9:18pm PDTShe's so lucky, she's a star... in her all white feather and rhinestone ensemble. This look has a old-school Hollywood starlet vibe. It's definitely the glamest of Britney's looks.What you'll need: Deluxe Large White Costume Accessory Feather Boa, $4.39, Wal-MartShop Now It’s Britney b*tch 💃🏾 #blackbritneyspears #newyearsoutfit #90sparty #2018 #hitmebabyonemoretimeA post shared by  Hayley (@hay_ley_lisa) on Jan 4, 2018 at 3:52am PSTBrit came up with this iconic look herself. It's easy and inexpensive to pull off, since almost everyone has a white button down and black skirt in their closet. The hair poufs and knee socks make it.What you'll need:      Pom Pom Hair Ties, $3.59, Claire's     Shop Now I think I did it again ❤️A post shared by  Cbustreetstyle (@cbustreetstyle) on Oct 29, 2018 at 4:11pm PDTIt takes Britney-level confidence to rock a catsuit like this red metallic number. Extra points for the headset.What you'll need: Kepblom Shiny Metallic Unitard Turtleneck Long Sleeve Footless Zentai Suit Catsuit, $25.99, AmazonShop NowA post shared by Kate Bishop (@okbishop) on Jul 21, 2019 at 5:29am PDTThis video came with endless Britney Spears Halloween costume possibilities. This smokin' hot look only requires a red bra, but will have you winning Best Costume for sure.What you'll need: Lace Bikini With Charms, $26. Savage X FentyShop Now K sorry can I just be you everyday.... @britneyspears #ilovehalloween #toxic #britneypieceofme #britneyween #britneyarmy #britneynation #britneyspearscostume #britneybitch #oopsididitagain #britneyhalloween #britneyspearsA post shared by  Liz Fanopoulos (@lizfanopoulos) on Oct 30, 2015 at 8:37pm PDTFlight attendant, but make it Britney. Go all-in for this look with matching blue eyeshadow, lots of lashes, and a frosty pink lip. What you'll need: Women's Flight Crew Costume, $29.99, AmazonShop Now all eyes on me in the center of the ring just like a circus🎪  #britneyween #britneyspears #pieceofme #circus #britneyarmyA post shared by  taylor dillard (@tdills4) on Oct 31, 2017 at 1:34pm PDTAll eyes on YOU in the center of the ring, just like a circus. This costume is definitely an attention grabber. Just be careful with that whip. What you'll need: Kate Kasin Women's Ringmaster Jacket, $35.99, AmazonShop Now Had the best #britneyween !!! 😍👑🙌🏼💁🏼❤️3️⃣ thank you @britneyspears !!! I love you!!!! #pieceofme #lasvegas #planethollywoodlv #godney #mtvvmas #workbitch #likeavirgin #queenB #itsbritneybitchA post shared by  Brier Carrier (@briercarrier) on Nov 1, 2015 at 9:55am PSTBritney, Xtina, Madonna. Name a more iconic trio, I'll wait. They brought the house down when they took the VMAs stage together and locked lips. Squad costume, anyone?What you'll need: Brisk Pace Ivory Lace Bustier Top, $38, Lulu'sShop Now dontcha know that you're toxic? #britneyweenA post shared by  Rachel Page (@rachelpage_) on Oct 30, 2016 at 3:43pm PDTSparkly and sexy. This see-through "Toxic" look is for only the most dedicated (and daring) fans.What you'll need: Sheer Rhinestone-Embellished Bodysuit, $32, Forever 21Shop Now		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Go back to blackThere's nothing that screams "I put zero effort into this Halloween costume" more than showing up as a vampire or a black cat. Why? Because everyone in the room can tell that you plucked your sexiest black crop top from your closet, smudged on a smokey eye, and called it a costume. Don't be that person.Instead, go for an all-black Halloween costume that's just as easy to create, but looks cool enough for your annual Halloween Insta. Using only a black T-shirt, black dress, and/or black jeans, you can transform into some of the most iconic characters in pop culture history. Lucky for you, I've already found which ones. Up ahead, find out all the coolest DIY all-black Halloween costumes you can make with clothes you already own. Start practicing your best "tell me about it, stud" now, because this easy all-black costume is a Halloween must. Red pumps, liquid leather leggings, and a sexy black bodysuit are all you need to dupe this signature look – oh, and lots of hairspray. What you'll need: Sandpiper Black Ribbed Off-The-Shoulder Bodysuit, $29, LulusSHOP HEREOn and off the court, Serena is a modern day superhero. Replicate her trademark look with a Nike bodysuit, black leggings, and a red ribbon for your waist.Top it off with sneakers and a tennis racket.What you'll need: Black Short Sleeve Bodysuit, $45, NikeSHOP HERE No one deserves your Halloween tribute more than Notorious RBG, who is actively working to protect all of our rights literally as we speak. Repurpose your graduation robe or slip into a long-sleeve black dress, then polish it off with one of Ruth's famous blinged-out collars.What you'll need: Handmade Pearl Beads Detachable Collar Necklace, $17, AmazonSHOP HEREThe little Gucci dress, the little Gucci dress, or the little Gucci dress? Doesn't matter, anything black will do when paying homage to this pop icon.  What you'll need: Nicci Black Halterneck Crop Top, $12, PrettyLittleThingSHOP HEREYou've probably already got everything required for this look hanging in your closet. Slip on your favorite LBD and a strand of pearls – then all you need is a cheap tiara.  What you'll need: Sparkling Silver Tiara Crown, $13, AmazonSHOP HERE Every look in the Missy Elliott archives is worthy of a revisit, but this iconic moment stands alone. Basically just cover yourself in an XL garbage bag and slip on some Nikes. True fans will get it. What you'll need: Heavy Duty Black Trash Bags, $13, AmazonSHOP HEREA Disney legend! Maleficent is the most fabulous of all the iconic villains and her dramatic look is 100% worth a copy. Just throw on a black maxi, a matching jacket, and DIY yourself some horns (or buy them on Amazon). What you'll need: Maleficent Black Queen Horn Headpiece, $17, AmazonSHOP HERE Be "strange and unusual" this season as in your best Lydia Deetz attire. With those iconic bangs, everyone will know who you are, no matter what you're wearing. What you'll need: Ribbon Trim Floppy Hat, $10, BoohooSHOP HERENo one does style better than Rihanna. She has countless LBD looks that are all iconic in their own sense. Just pick your favorite, then hit the thrift store for the required accessories.What you'll need: Frank Belt, $138, B-Low The BeltSHOP HEREThere are so many versions of catwoman, it's hard to decide which one to rep. Halle Berry's version is my all time favorite for one reason alone: those PANTS. What you'll need: Black Vinyl Leggings, $32, PrettyLittleThingSHOP HERENancy was one of the scariest teens of her time, donning black from head to toe. Layer on a black jacket and tank, then layer on the beads and spikes. The beauty moment is just as important too! What you'll need: Spike Studded Leather Collar Choker, $9, AmazonSHOP HEREQueen Mimi posted this iconic throwback picture from the 1997 MTV Video Awards on her Instagram and I'm taking it as a sign that this should be my costume. She didn't take home any awards that year, but you better believe she won best dressed.What you'll need: Thigh High Split Midaxi Skirt, $22, PrettyLittleThingSHOP HERETrinity's black latex bodysuit will go down in history as one of the hottest outfits of all time. Finish with '90s sunglasses and badass combat boots. What you'll need: Rimless Slim Oval Sunglasses, $12, Urban OutfittersSHOP HEREAaliyah is an early aughts style icon. This look from the 2000 Teen Choice Awards is currently trending and perfect for a DIY all-black costume. Transform into an R&B princess with utility pants and a cropped tank. What you'll need: Missguided Cargo Pants, $38, AsosSHOP HEREHow very meta. Dress up as your ride or die, your day one, your bae until the very end, your phone. Just glue on a couple of app icons and a text from an ex to create this DIY costume.What you'll need: Side Ruched T-Shirt Dres, $36, Treasure & BondSHOP HEREChannel the princess of Halloween in a classic collared black dress. Complete your look with two braided pigtails and red nails that look chic, but also low-key say "I'll kill you."What you'll need: 50s Contrast Collar Skater Dress, $22, SheinSHOP HEREYou don't have to be a professional ballerina to recreate Natalie Portman's famous role. This look is a Halloween favorite, because it can be DIYed with a bag of black feathers and a hot glue gun.What you'll need: Black Lace Trim Corset, $18, AmazonSHOP HEREAll of Stevie's outfits served major witch inspo, so they're already halfway to Halloween. Drape on some shawls and beads over a boho black dress for an easy (but epic) look inspired by one of music's legends. What you'll need: Darkness Within Sheer Kimono, $48, Dolls KillSHOP HEREGrab your best leather jacket, black pants, and add a scarf to rep the icon Grace Jones. Bonus points if you take a pic exactly like this one. What you'll need: Oversized Faux Leather Motorcycle Jacket, $128, Levi's SHOP HEREThis easy look requires your BFF – and not much else. Wear your go-to bodysuit (or a little black dress), then top with bunny ears. Done!What you'll need: Bunny Ears Headband, $9, AmazonSHOP HERE		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Thingamabobs? We've got plenty.With The Little Mermaid set to hit theaters in live-action form, this year's Halloween parties will be packed with Princess Ariels. That means, it's going to take a lot to find a mermaid costume that'll stand out. Lucky for you, I've scoured the best of Instagram to find the coolest, most unique DIY mermaid costumes that you can make yourself. From repurposed beachwear to runway-ready costumes that are all glamour, these looks are perfect for Halloween – and so easy to create.If you're more of a pants girl, this DIY mermaid costume is the answer. Just add some tulle to the bottom of a pair of scale-printed leggings for a smokin' hot costume that's secretly super comfy.SHOP NOWStick to one candy floss color palette for a monochromatic costume that will stand out in a literal sea of Ariels. SHOP NOWTransform your favorite maxi into a glamorous costume straight from the sea. Sincerely Jules paired hers with a rhinestone tank and layers of shell necklaces for a fashion-y take on the popular costume.SHOP NOWYou will definitely get noticed with a statement headpiece like this. Keep it all bright with an orange sequin top and bottom to match.SHOP NOWIf The Little Mermaid had to walk the red carpet before meeting up with prince Eric, this is what she'd wear. Swap out the teal for glamorous all-white pearls.SHOP NOWA shimmering pair of iridescent flares will give you the illusion of a real life fishtail. Bonus: you can wear them again after Halloween. SHOP HEREReal gold foil will make you feel like a mermaid/princess/queen all in one. Take on Halloweekend in a costume as dark as your soul. Serve goth siren vibes with gunmetal scales. SHOP HERENo one will be immune to your siren call with a sparkling pink costume and makeup to match. Take your look from ~under the sea~ to the Emerald City in a bright green costume. Bonus points if you DIY butterfly wings. In lieu of an *actual* tail, rock a sequined-out skirt. SHOP HEREGive this iconic costume a dose of horror with exposed scales and lots of fake blood. Dupe these blue brows with blue brow pomade. BOOM! Instant mermaid. A multicolored wig is a cool twist on the classic Ariel look, with a little bit of unicorn vibes mixed in.Halloween crowns are the new flower crowns. Click here to find out how to make this one.Let's be real, a fringe bikini top is probs more comfortable than a shell bra. You can DIY this crown and necklace easily by spray painting a few starfish from a craft store.You don't need an actual fishtail when you can rock a fishtail ~braid.~Commit to a color scheme, like royal blue and aqua, for a fashion-y take on the classic costume.Time to bust out your old set of pearls that you haven't worn since you were a kid playing dress up.Mermaids never forget to match their tails (sequins) with their skin (all head-to-toe shimmer). That killer headpiece is just a bonus.Reminder: mermaids are creatures of the sea and have gills and scales, obvs. Who says scales can't be absolutely stunning?A couple that dresses up together, stays together. Especially when wearing aquatic costumes.Her painted scales are too good. Dupe the look by dabbing on costume paint over fishnet stockings. Halloween hack: when in doubt, add a tutu. SHOP HEREComplete your aquatic costume with a handmade coral crown created from a collection of ocean treasures.Need more inspo? Check out these mermaid af outfit ideas. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			These are so cute, even your mom won't hate them.  Let me guess, you took a late-night deep-dive into the photo vortex of Pinterest and now you cannot stop thinking about getting a new piercing. I feel you, girl. And so do your favorite celebs. Before you book an appointment at your local tattoo parlor (that's the safest place to get a piercing, FYI), you've got to pick what you want. To help you decide where to put your new hole, I've rounded up the sickest studs, hoops, and bars it-girls are currently obsessed with. Read ahead for the coolest piercings that'll make you feel so badass. Justin Bieber showed off his new piercing on Instagram. It's a new look for the singer, but definitely not too surprising considering his enormous amount of body art. The new jewels just add to his growing bad boy aesthetic. Over the weekend, Kylie reopened her earful of piercings. She added a trio of hoops, plus a fourth standalone. Thankfully, it looks totally badass, which makes the pain worth it. For the 2019 Grammy Awards, Miley kept her outfit simple (and mildly wedding-inspired) to let her jewelry SHINE. She sparkled with a grand total of four piercings and what looks like a three-hoop cuff. Damn, girl!Along with a plethora of ear piercings, Bella's also got a super visible piercing you've probably seen all over Pinterest. She even matched her silver hoop to her jewelry – so fab. The baddest gal in the game also has the baddest ear stack (and some pretty sick ink, too). Ri tricked out her lobes with only a few simple piercings and a badass cartilage tat. Treat yo self to a little Kylie Jenner throwback, when her lips were real and her piercings were too. Back in the day, she had a full ear stack of silver hoops. For this red carpet appearance, Bella left her lobes bare and chose to bare her studded nipple instead. Zoe took a departure from the hoop-heavy piercing trend and opted for glitzy diamond studs in unexpected places – like her conch and auricle piercings. Even though this piercing is totally fake, it still deserves a spot on the list. Kim only rocked this look for a few weeks, but the look will live on in my heart forever. Yep, Keke's also a member of the nip ring crew. She showed off her silver hoop in a sheer Vivienne Westwood top.  		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			This is so important.Even amongst the most famous beauty boys and YouTube stars, James Charles stands alone. The viral makeup artist can beat any face to the gods, but he can also turn a look with his butt fully bared.His wardrobe is packed with denim thongs, assless chaps, and see-through crop tops – wonderfully revealing items most people wouldn't dare wear in public.So why is it that James always embraces the "sun's out buns out" mantra? In an interview with Seventeen, he gave the real reason why he goes for outfits that flaunt the booty – and it's not just for thot content. According to James, he chooses his looks specifically to inspire his own self-confidence and gender identity, something he has struggled with all his life."Clothing I feel like for me is subjective – clothing has no gender obviously and for me it’s just all about feeling confident and feeling body confident, too," the YouTuber explained. DAY 1 🌈A post shared by  James Charles (@jamescharles) on Apr 12, 2019 at 7:02pm PDT"I’m not the most confident in my body. I don’t know why, my identity is something that I’ve always struggled with. Like obviously I’m a boy in makeup – but I’ve always enjoyed very feminine things and I’ve tried to educate myself more about gender identity and societal stereotypes and stuff like that," he continued. "So for me it’s always just about pushing new boundaries and making myself uncomfortable in ways where I can kind of like force myself to be more confident and to love who I am."For James, less clothing leads to more confidence, so obviously he lists his famous white g-string outfit from Coachella 2019 as his all-time favorite look. DAY 2 🍑 no razor bumps in sightA post shared by  James Charles (@jamescharles) on Apr 13, 2019 at 7:00pm PDT"By far my [favorite look was] day two look at Coachella with like the all-white assless chaps look. That was like my favorite look I’ve ever done. It was inspired by my favorite drag queen ever Pabllo Bitar ... So I just truly felt like I was taking over Coachella in that outfit and I felt so confident."This interview has been edited for clarity.Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She's been wearing it non-stop. Basically everything Billie Eilish has worn for the past few months has been the direct result of LA-based clothing brand Freak City. Billie's been living in their graffiti-inspired looks basically her entire tour and the "Bad Guy" singer has just announced that they've teamed up for an exclusive Billie Eilish x Freak City clothing collection. Like Billie's entire wardrobe, the merch looks like it's straight out of a '90s rap video. The line features classic streetwear pieces, like oversized shorts, tees, sports bras, tube tops, and hoodies covered in a spray painted print. With every single purchase, customers will get a free (yup, FREE) WHEN WE ALL FALL ASLEEP, WHERE DO WE GO? digital album. As of now, the items are only available for pre-order and will ship in five to six weeks.Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			And he's donating half of the proceeds.Oh, you thought Pride month was over? WRONG, SISTER! James Charles is officially reviving one of Sisters Apparel's best-ever collections – and it's just as gay as he is. For the second time, Sisters Apparel is re-launching their rainbow merch collection with everything you need to serve Pride all summer long: fans, hats, hoodies, swimsuits, and T-shirts. The collection first dropped last year and immediately sold out, so James decided to revive it in honor of Pride month. It was set to launch in June, but after severing ties with his manufacturer Killer Merch (which is run by his ex-bff Jeffree Star), the release was pushed back while he looked for a new producer.  "It’s been in the works for quite a while, although we had to push it back a little bit, it’s definitely going to still be a really exciting launch," James told Seventeen. "We were obviously trying to launch for pride month this year, especially [partnering with the Trevor Project]."For this drop, James is donating fifty percent of every purchase to The Trevor Project, an organization that specializes in suicide prevention for LGBTQ+ youth. James told Seventeen that the message has always been important to him, but it really hit home over the past few months as he worked to better his own mental health following his falling out with Tati Westbrook. "I’ve always been someone who’s had a very thick skin over the course of my life, but recent events obviously have really affected my mental health and The Trevor Project deals a lot with suicide prevention and awareness – also anti bullying in the community, which has become a very huge problem especially with social media," he explained. The YouTuber hopes that this collection will help his fans feel proud of who they are, just like he is."Being gay is like everything in my life and it’s truly changed everything about me for the better," he said. "I mean I came out when I was 12 years old and I’ve always been very unapologetically myself and confident in who I was, but as I grew on social media, I took on the responsibility of being a role model for people and it’s amazing to ... be able to help people on their journey."A post shared by Sisters Apparel (@sistersapparel) on Jul 19, 2019 at 11:30am PDTSupporting the LGBTQ+ community isn't the only thing he hopes to accomplish, James is also making moves for body positivity. Each piece in the collection will be available to shop in an all-inclusive size range, running in XS-3XL. "Size inclusivity is very, very important to me. Obviously, my sisters come in all shapes, sizes, colors, and all different qualities ... so I want to make sure that everybody can rock it," he said.Shop the entire Pride collection at 3 pm ET today (July 19) on the Sisters Apparel website – before it sells out again. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			My 9-year-old self is screaming. OHHHHHHH! Who lives in a pineapple under the sea? SpongeBob SquarePants! And Nike has just created an epic sneaker collection in his honor. To celebrate 20 years of jellyfish hunting and Krabby Patties, the athleisure brand teamed up with pro basketball player Kyrie Irving to specially create the Kyrie x SpongeBob SquarePants collection inspired by the show's two main characters.Together, they designed one sneaker for SpongeBob and one for Patrick – and they're actually really freaking cool. No light-up soles, no kiddie prints, just sleek runners printed with the iconic colors of each character. Kyrie x SpongeBob SquarePants Sneakers, $130, NikeSHOP NOWKyrie x Patrick Star Sneakers, $130, NikeSHOP NOWIn fact, you'd never even know that the shoes were SpongeBob-inspired unless you took a peek on the inside, where you'll see both characters' smiling faces looking back at you. *SpongeBob voice* Dawww. Sneakerheads and SpongeBob fanatics alike can score this epic launch on August 10 for $130 each on the Nike website. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			RUN don't walk. Yep, you heard that right. Today and tomorrow only, you can get a pair of Adidas Originals x AriZona sneakers for the price of an AriZona Iced Tea – AKA 99 cents.The makers of your favorite sneakers (ily, Stan Smiths) have teamed up with AriZona Iced Tea to drop the shoe collection of a lifetime. Each sneaker is comes covered in the famous turquoise, pink, and yellow that the brand is known for. There's even a pair embroidered with the iconic Green Tea cherry blossoms.A post shared by AriZona Iced Tea (@drinkarizona) on Jul 15, 2019 at 1:04pm PDTThanks to a really epic promotion, the limited edition shoes come FREE with a minimum purchase of 99 cents at their New York City pop-up store. Basically, you buy a drink, you get free shoes.  The price is on the shoe, though. #adiZona99 #adidasOriginalsxAriZonaA post shared by  AriZona Iced Tea (@drinkarizona) on Jul 13, 2019 at 9:36am PDTThere is one small catch though: you have to be in NYC. Today through to July 19, you can score this mind-blowing deal only at AriZona's pop-up store at 208 Bowery. While you're there, you can hop some of AriZona's other sick merch – everything from fruit punch skateboards to cherry blossom swimsuits. If you aren't based in the Big Apple, fear not, the limited-time bargain is just a tease for an even bigger drop, which will be announced later on this year. UPDATE: 18/7/19 11:50 am ETUh oh! Due to the overwhelming hype of affordable sneakers, the pop-up has been shut down by the New York Police Department due to "safety concerns."AriZona issued Seventeen the below statement.The AriZona rep also told Seventeen that the pop-up will not be reopening, but the breads are working to find an "alternative solution" that will be announced shorty.Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Like that epic jumpsuit.After two full seasons of wearing Hopper's and Mike's hand-me-downs, Eleven finally got to go shopping in Stranger Things 3 – and the looks she picked were straight fire.For someone who has basically lived her entire life in captivity, homegirl has some pretty epic style. I mean, when she walked out of Gap wearing that jumpsuit, I audibly gasped. It wasn't just a look, it was a whole look.So for all of you who still have thoughts of pleated jeans and vintage sneakers dancing through your heads, keep on reading. I've tracked down all the lookalike pieces and exact replicas, so that you can shop all of Eleven's best Stranger Things 3 outfits. Start shopping now, before they disappear forever.This graphic outfit is a lewk, yes, but it also represents El's coming-of-age. After being controlled and imprisoned her entire life, she's finally figuring out the person she really is inside – and that person really loves a bold geometric print. Thanks to all that Stranger Things merch on the market, you can recreate this look with authentic ST pieces. Shop the replica shirt from Hot Topic (while it's still in stock) or go all-in on the full jumpsuit from Party City. El slayed the Flayed in this outfit, but she also slayed those of us at home who appreciate a good outfit. She went bold in a paint-splattered button-up, mom jeans, and neon accessories. I truly believe that no one else could rock blue suspenders on this level, but by all means give it a shot.This is one of the last outfits of the season, but it also might be her best. Even in 2019, the printed top and mom jeans are a winning combo. I'm not even going to talk about that blue hair tie, because I will start sobbing and that's a promise.Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She legit wears these all the time.  Other than wearing clothes that are "800 sizes" too big for her, Billie Eilish doesn't really have a signature style. She wears what she wants and that often includes some really weird stuff, like Gucci ankle pillows, pants covered in fur, embroidered face masks, and utility vests with the Powerpuff Girls printed on them. It's impossible to predict what she might wear next, but one thing you can bet on is that it will include these high top sneakers. The "Bad Guy" singer wears the rare Nike Air Force 1 High PSNY sneakers constantly – on stage, on tour, and in her most recent pic hanging out with Travis Scott.  🦋A post shared by  BILLIE EILISH (@billieeilish) on Jul 12, 2019 at 9:34pm PDT day 2/3 of london shows we goin craaazzy tonightA post shared by  BILLIE EILISH (@billieeilish) on Mar 5, 2019 at 12:15pm PST 🚁A post shared by  BILLIE EILISH (@billieeilish) on May 6, 2019 at 5:15pm PDTBack in September 2018, a limited number of these shoes were designed by Dao-Yi Chow and Maxwell Osborne for Nike to celebrate Air Force 1's 35th anniversary. These babies are hard to find, but if you know where to look, you can track them down – for a price. Shop them here for $203 and up (depending on your size).Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Yes, even THE Amazon coat is on sale. Prime Day starts at 3 a.m. Monday, July 15, and runs through Tuesday, July 16. If you’re not already a Prime member (or if you are but want your own Prime account away from prying eyes), sign up and take advantage of Amazon’s 30-day free Prime trial. There are a ton of surprise deals and savings to be found, if you know where to look—and we’re on the Prime Day beat, so keep checking back throughout the sale for more updates!Amazon has some legit cute clothes and accessories, but if you’re not already taking advantage of the site to add to your closet, today—aka PRIME DAY—is a great time to start. (Also, you’ll be shocked by the lightning-fast shipping.) Here, we’ve rounded up all the best fashion deals happening now, so you can either get that last-minute shopping done for your upcoming beach trip or get a head start on your fall wardrobe. We’ll be updating this list, too, so keep an eye out for more. You’re welcome. Originally: $75.00Originally: $24.99Originally: $33.00Originally: $54.99Originally: $188.00Originally: $115.00Originally: $18.50Take 30% off at checkoutFrom: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Magic carpet not included. I'm going to guess there's a preeetty good chance you were obsessed with Disney Princesses when you were growing up. So this Halloween, channel your 5-year-old self and your favorite Disney heroine for your most magical costume yet. We've rounded up the best DIY Disney princess costumes that will have you feeling like royalty. Whether you want to go as Moana this year, or pay homage to the upcoming Little Mermaid live-action, we have all the best tips that will make your Halloween prep super easy. Keep on scrolling for all the coolest DIY Disney Princess costumes to try for 2019.Need more inspo? Check out more ideas and inspiration for DIY Halloween costumes  here and here! A post shared by Daisy 🤓💜& Disney (@kulturdaisy) on Oct 11, 2018 at 7:44pm PDTNow that The Little Mermaid is coming back to screens, it's time to show your favorite sea creature some love. A tutu tail, a crimson wig, and a shell-covered bra (hello, hot glue gun!) will pull the look together.A post shared by Ascheley (@ascheley_does_cosplay) on Jun 11, 2019 at 2:05pm PDTThanks to Zendaya's Met Gala look, you've probably been dying to dress up as Cinderella for months. Thankfully, your opportunity has arrived. A hand-me-down prom dress and a glitzy crown will have you looking fab by the stroke of midnight. A post shared by Dante Padre (@dantepadre_photo) on Jun 17, 2019 at 1:30pm PDTGrand Duchess Anastasia wasn't officially a Disney Princess but the movie is a classic nonetheless. Perfect her look with a DIY crown and a mustard party dress (belt it with this green velvet ribbon to make the dress look totally authentic). A post shared by Stephanie Lorenzo (@its_stephlorenzo) on Oct 31, 2018 at 6:08pm PDTMia isn't technically a Disney Princess, but she is a Princess on Disney, so it's fine. Amelia Mignonette Thermopolis Renaldi Princess of Genovia is a totally down to earth princess and her look is simple to put together. All you need is a school uniform that includes knee high socks and a tiara.A post shared by Beth 🇬🇧 (@bangueran) on Jun 19, 2019 at 3:10am PDTFulfil your fantasy of having Rapunzel-length tresses. If you've already got blonde hair, clip in some extensions. If not, rock a long wig, but don't forget to add some pretty flowers and, of course, a tiara.This Snow White costume is cute and casual, making it super easy to reproduce, but no one will doubt that you're the OG princess. Start with a white colored short-sleeved shirt to mimic the appearance of Snow's dramatic collar. Throw on a blue tee, a flowing yellow skirt and a pair of heels (red or yellow will do). Finish off the outfit with some red lipstick, a red bow, and don't forget that apple!Dress up like this gorgeous princess daughter of the chief and set off on an epic journey this Halloween as Moana. The key to this outfit is the necklace, which can be easily made with some rope and a blue stone. Then, pair a red tube top with a hula skirt, wrap it in white fabric, add a red sash, and you're ready to save the island!While Mulan has so many great looks throughout the movie, we're going to go with her training costume because it's the easiest to recreate and, let's be honest, it's pretty badass. All you need for this one is a pair of gray leggings, some white knee-high socks and a pair of black flats (all probably in your closet). Then, get a mint green robe and some dark green fabric. Tie some of the fabric around your waist and use more around your bun. Now you're ready to save your father. The key to a good Merida costume is the hair of course! If you don't have this princess' flowing red curls, opt for a wig instead. After that, get a long sleeve green dress, a brown belt and some brown boots. Go for a more casual look with a short dress. Archery skills not included. Grab your bestie, because this one is a two person costume! Let's start with Anna. Grab a collared light blue shirt and throw a black vest on top. Finish off the look with a blue skirt, black boots and a pink cardigan to drape over your shoulder. And, of course, the braids! For Elsa, you need the gorgeous blue dress! Layer is over a mesh long-sleeved body suit to really complete the look and finish off the costume with a ice blonde wig and lots of shimmering highlighter. You'll be so ready to build a snowman. Princess Tiana's gown look is so gorgeously intricate that a DIY costume just wouldn't do it justice. However, the just as iconic waitress look is super easy to recreate AND you get to carry beignets all night! All you need for this look is a colored yellow dress and a white apron (and PLEASE don't forget the donuts). A Cinderella DIY costume is actually a lot easier than one might think. It's all about that perfect blue dress for the base. Pick a dress that has a fuller skirt so that it resembles a ballgown. Add a large white belt around the waist for a modern take on the princess' waist detailing. Now it's time to accessorize. You'll need a blue headband, large white earrings, white gloves and a black choker.  To fake the whole glass slipper thing, opt for some clear heels. No one will know the difference. Complete the look with a top knot you're ready for the ball!Once again, we're going to go for the more casual look with this one because no one wants to be freezing on halloween in a shell bra. Grab that sheer long-sleeved body suit from the Elsa look and layer it under a black tube top and a blue skirt. Put a big blue bow in your hair and you'll be ready to explore where the people are!Tinkerbell might not be a princess, but that doesn't mean she isn't a big part of the Disney family! Dress up like her for Halloween and you will definitely add some magic to the holiday. The look is super easy. Start with a strapless mint green dress. Buy some green flats and glue large white pom poms on them. Finish off the look with a pair of fairy wings. Go with simple shimmery makeup and a tight bun on top of your head and you're ready to go. Like the Cinderella costume, it's important to get a super cute yellow dress for the base of this costume. Go for an off-the-shoulder dress, if you can find one, in order to mimic the look of Belle's. The rest is in the details, and they should all be yellow! Shoes, earrings and a hair piece to clip around your top bun. Then, grab a rose (fake or real) and you're trick-or-treat ready. Go down the rabbit hole as Alice this Halloween. The look is super easy to do. All you need is a pretty blue collared dress, a white,full-bodied apron, some white tights, black Mary Jane flats and a black bow for your hair! Wonderland here you come!Explore a whole new world as Jasmine this Halloween. This costume is super comfy because you can wear joggers for the pants! Pair those with an off-the-shoulder blue crop-top and some gold sandals. Then, layer on the jewelry! You'll need a belt, earrings, necklace and, of course, a tiara! You'll be magic carpet ride ready in no time.  For Sleeping Beauty, we're going to once again go for the more casual look. Start with a white collared shirt. If you can find one with flowy sleeves, bonus points! Layer on a tube top that laces up the front so it resembles a corset. Finish with a flowing gray skirt. Add a black headband and gray shawl to complete the look. Woodland creatures are optional.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			And sometimes her butt.At this point in my career of professional Kardashian reporting, I know Kendall Jenner's nipples better than I know myself. That girl just isn't living her most authentic life unless her boobs are on full display for at least 17 out of 24 hours in a day – and for that, we are thankful. She has effectively proven to one and all that boobs are both a high-fashion accessory and a source of reproductive life. To show them off unashamedly and in full public view is truly her God-given right. It's more than just a slip of the nip, it's confirming that all nipples have the right to be seen uncensored. Honestly, her bare breasts have taught me more than every health teacher I've ever had. To celebrate such a brave act of feminism/fashion, I took it upon myself to Google "Kendall Jenner nipples." Here are all the nippliest outfits that came from it. Enjoy!The little black dress is a staple in every fashionable wardrobe, so how do you make the basic piece stand out? Well, if you're Kendall Jenner, throw on a circular statement bag, knee-high boots, and opt for a sheer moment for a high-fashion touch of nipple.At first glance, this might appear to be a nipple-free outfit, but come on, this is Kendall we're talking about. She used her natural-born accessories to add a sexy touch to summer 2019's favorite trend: the wite tank.Shop her look: Crew Neck Tank Top, $8, TargetBUY NOWThis look didn't serve titties, but thanks to the cut – which is literally just sparkly loincloth – ya girl did slide us a little butt cheek action. Honestly, what more could you ask for in a dress?Normcore and nipples. That's the Kendall Jenner way! The model wore a see-through white tank top with black trousers and a button-up shirt in typical Kenny fashion.Oh, nipples, how I've missed you! Kendall shimmered on the red carpet in an bear-all gold naked dress that showed off a nude thong and, of course, her nips. The hottest accessory this fashion week: boobies! Kendall attended a Longchamp party wearing a completely see-through horse-printed dress and high rise panties. Kendall really toed the line with Instagram's no nudity policy with this one. While we can def see some major under boob here, as she captioned the pic, "technically this is just [her} torso..." So, no need to take it down, Insta! In the newest issue of Love Magazine, Kendall was in her truest form: totally topless. She and her trusty nipples swam around looking so fabulous – and oh, so free. Hello, Kendall's boobs! Nice to see you! The model posted this 🔥shot on her Instagram Stories covering up only her nips with with ice cream cone emojis. For the 2018 Cannes Film Festival, Kenny was basically naked all weekend. She started off in this sparkling dress that let her nips shine through.Sticking to the nipple theme, the model walked the red carpet in Cannes wearing a ruffled gown that barely covered anything.This outfit is basically a word find for nipples. The printed sheer dress covers bits and pieces, but of course, those nips still found their way into the spotlight. To add a sexy touch to her dad outfit, the Nip Queen added a 100% see-through shirt to her boxy blazer/oversized jeans combo.For once, Kendall's girls were completely covered – save for a bit of underboob action. Kendall showed off her own rose buds in a subtly sheer rose-printed top. Even though her front was covered, this glitzy dress deserves a spot on the list purely for butt cheek reasons. This might be her most colorful nip show yet! The KUWTK star wore a barely-there red top to put her boobs on display in an art gallery – where they belong. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Copying this ASAP. As soon as the weather drops below 66 degrees, your trusty (faux) leather jacket is on repeat until the following July. With its supple texture, chic matte finish, and glam hardware, throwing a moto jacket over every T-shirt/dress/sweater you own is the quickest route to a chic outfit. It looks good every time, but the zero-effort styling trick might get you stuck in a fashion rut. You'll look good while you're in it, but will the looks you serve give you joy? No, my friend. Apart from your typical look, there are actually a ton of out-of-the-box ways you can wear this fall staple that will make it feel brand new (even if it's literally vintage). Check out the most stylish leather jacket outfits perfect for class, date night, the homecoming dance, and beyond.  If there's one person on earth that you should take style advice from, it's Bad Gal Riri. She took a graphic tee and made it look so fierce with a chunky chain and massive sunglasses.Layers on layers on layers! Kendall Jenner proves that stacking on the basics – like a black turtleneck, khaki pants, and a button-up – is the easiest way to make your favorite piece of leather look casual-chic. (PS: you can shop her exact pants below.)My two favorite things: leather and leopard print. Add a trendy touch of neon and you've got a whoooole look. Model Tess Holliday added a pair of rhinestone-studded hoops to her look for a bit of glamour. Reuse your homecoming dress for your next date night by adding an edgy staple piece (read: a faux leather moto) and punk-y studded heels. Okay, I know I said I'd break you out of your white tee/leather jacket/jeans rut, but it's still a timeless look that's good in moderation. Make the look feel unique by styling it like Iskra Lawrence: with a statement belt and leopard boots. Desert heat isn't exactly the best climate for a leather jacket, but somehow Shay Mitchell still managed to look chic. Steal her Coachella style by throwing a studded moto over your girliest slip dress for a touch of toughness. A slouchy leather jacket is Instagram's secret to a perfectly casual OOTD. Wearing it off the shoulder is the ultimate cool-girl hack.If your favorite spring mini is feeling a little too Easter, a splash of leather will give it a much more trendy feel. Add on funky booties, like Selena, for even more edgy vibes. Surprise! You actually can wear your internship outfit outside of work. Rock your button-up and trousers with a worn-in leather jacket. Finish with loafers and a smokey eye for a major androgynous aesthetic. Graphic tees and pleather jackets are a classic pairing that will never fail you. Even with your comfiest leggings or sweatpants, this combo will always give you an outfit worthy of an Instagram pic.If your closet is overflowing with almost identical leather jackets (🙋), grab a pair of scissors and DIY yourself a badass vest. Cut your jacket about three inches below the seam, then fold up the sleeves for a cuffed look like Cara's. How is it possible that just adding a leather jacket makes a just-left-the-gym leggings and sneakers outfit look cool? It defies all the laws of fashion, but somehow it works. When in doubt, add more leather. Wear your jacket zipped like a top, then tuck it into a matching fake leather skirt. If you want to go totally in, like Bella Hadid, add on a leather belt bag and boots.Another DIY project for your leather collection: get some fabric paints and channel your inner fashion designer. Draw bold blooms or abstract swirls until your jacket looks like it belongs in an art gallery. Reach Gigi Hadid levels of chic in two seconds by adding a shredded scarf to your moto jacket look.  Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Like a prom in the fall, right? One of the best parts of back-to-school is prepping for the first day. There's the joy of tackling a school supplies list, going back-to-school shopping, and of course, planning for homecoming. Really, you can start prepping months in advanced for this all-important event because there is so much figure out. Are you going to go with friends? Will your crush ask you in some elaborate gesture? And what are you going to wear? But have you ever stopped to think about what this whole tradition is about? When was the first homecoming and what's the story behind the big game and the quirky traditions like homecoming king and queen? Most importantly, what does homecoming even mean? Here’s everything you need to know about homecoming…Every high school has their own homecoming traditions and depending on where you live and what school you go to, homecoming can mean a lot of different things. It may, quite literally, mean a coming home of sorts, an opportunity for your school’s alumni to visit their old stomping grounds, to see old friends, teachers, and the underclassman they left behind. Sometimes, it involves a parade, or a big football game like a match up against your school’s rivals, and, if you’re not a sports fan, may be the only football game you’ll go to all year. Often, a homecoming court is crowned, with the highly coveted homecoming king and queen reigning over their kingdom for a year (or maybe until a prom king and queen come along). But the main event, the piéce de résistance of any school’s homecoming is the dance. You’ve seen it play out in all the best high school dramas: Pretty Little Liars, Riverdale, Vampire Diaries. Homecoming is a staple at high schools, no matter how it’s celebrated. In the most traditional format and shown in most on-screen portrayals of the event, homecoming resembles a dance much like prom...but more like a baby prom. In recent years as homecoming has become a bigger event, it has begun to resemble prom more and more. Homecoming proposals have become more elaborate, mimicking the creative signs, cute treasure hunts and yummy treats that now seem to come with every promposal.First, the obvious difference. The two dances come at different times of the year. While prom often marks the beginning of spring and the end of the school year, homecoming, which often takes place in September or October, doubles as a kind of welcome back to school.Homecoming is also much more inclusive than prom. At most schools, prom is open only to seniors and sometimes juniors, but homecoming is for all, even the underclassmen, meaning you can start enjoying the festivities as a freshman.Finally, homecoming can be a lot more casual than prom. While some schools go all out and throw prom at an event space off campus, homecoming is usually held in the school’s gym. Some schools have a more casual dress code for their homecoming dances, where jean shorts and a cute top will suffice, while others require a dress or suit for the occasion. Even then, the dresses are usually short, compared to the gowns some girls will rock for their big prom night. You may even want to opt for a cute two-piece look. Here are some fun mix-and-match homecoming outfits that you'll want to buy ASAP...According to Billboard, homecoming is an American tradition. That explains why Britain native Charli XCX was so thrilled to perform at a lucky school’s homecoming dance back in 2014. Homecoming began at colleges, as a celebration for the first football game of the season, where alumni would come back to visit their former campuses. According to Broadly, while no one is positive which college officially started the tradition, the University of Missouri, Baylor University, and the University of Illinois all claim to have started hosting homecoming events in 1911, 1909, and 1910, respectively. No matter who started it, the tradition spread quickly to other colleges and high schools around the country. Follow Carolyn onInstagram.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			We stan a Slytherin queen.At this point, only full-blown Squibs who simultaneously live under a rock are unaware of Ariana Grande's Harry Potter obsession. She has multiple HP tattoos, she and Pete Davidson wore matching Hogwarts robes, and she literally talks about the series all. the. time. Last night, Ari accented her signature high ponytail with a little dose of House pride that any Harry Potter fan can appreciate (except maybe Gryffindors): a Slytherin headband.Ari loves a good hair accessory, but this one comes with a lot of magical history behind it. The band is emerald green and silver, to represent the colors of Slytherin House. It comes with a Slytherin crest on the side, because Salazar Slytherin, one of the four Hogwarts founders, was a Parselmouth (someone who can talk to snakes) – hence the snake. It looks like Ariana is giving us a hint at this year's Halloween costume, because her headband is available to shop (for $8!!!) at Spencer's Gifts.If you're not team Slytherin (where my Ravenclaws at?!) you can still steal Ariana's look. Shop the Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, and Ravenclaw versions below.Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's all in the details.Even if you haven't started on Stranger Things 3 yet, you can probably guess what happens just from this picture alone:Yep, after that steamy kitchen scene from season two, Mrs. Wheeler has officially shot her shot. She spent weeks by the pool lusting after Billy Hargrove and in the end, she got her way. Billy propositioned her for a late-night meet-up, but Karen chose her family, instead. The next day, Karen's right back by the pool, but there's one important detail you might have missed – and it's all in her outfit. Before her encounter with Billy, Mrs. Wheeler is dressed to kill. She wears a colorblocked one-piece ("Dig the new suit, Mrs. Wheeler."), a statement necklace with matching earrings, and bright pink lipstick. All the makings of the perfect thirst trap, essentially.But afterward, Karen ditches a few essential pieces of her original look: the lipstick, which accentuates her lips, and the necklace, which draws attention to her breasts. This small detail might seem insignificant, but it signifies her commitment to her family – that she's not just rejecting Billy, she's rejecting any future flirtationships, as well. Karen Wheeler finally appreciates the life she has.Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Now that she has ditched Hopper's flannel shirts and Mike's hand-me-down jeans, Eleven is easily the best-dressed girl in Hawkins, Indiana. And when she's not playing Eleven on Stranger Things, Millie Bobby Brown is also one of the most stylish people in Hollywood. Her personal style is edgy-meets-girly-meets-retro and every time she steps out of the house, you best believe it's a look. Ahead, I've pulled together all the best looks she's ever worn that deserve to be appreciated – and then copied at your earliest convenience. Here are all the chicest Millie Bobby Brown outfits to reference the next time you get dressed.Millie took 1980s fashion out of Stranger Things and onto the red carpet. The retro bubble skirt and belt get a fashion-y touch, thanks to sleek accessories and really cool hair.It takes a true master to wear prepster staples, like a plaid skirt and tartan blazer and make them look super punk. Of course, Millie does it effortlessly. The combat boots, T-shirt, and hat make the outfit feel so street style-cool.Get her boots: Core 1460 8-Eye Boot, $140, Dr. MartensSHOP NOWThis set may or may not have come straight out of Mrs. Wheeler's closet and the '70s vibes are perfect for 2019. The all-black accessories make the wild paisley look crazy chic.The powder pink mini dress and Converse sneakers give me deja vu to Eleven's famous outfit from Stranger Things season one. More: Millie Bobby Brown is Launching Her Own Converse Sneaker Collection and It’s SO ElevenClassic Millie! She injected a little retro glamour to edgy staples (the leather jacket, the inky sweater) with vintage-y cat eye sunglasses and powder pink heels.Photo evidence that the secret to pulling off a denim-only outfit is all in the way you wear it. Button your shirt all the way up, then tuck it in to make it look like a chic suit that just happens to be made out of jeans.Look for funky cuts and statement details (read: THOSE SLEEVES) to make a simple black coordinating set stand out. A ribbed turtleneck paired with a short-sleeve dress is a trademark styling trick from the 1970s, but thanks to Millie's neon boots, it feels so trendy. Dorothy is SHAKING. Millie rocked the iconic print, but with her own personal flare: Mary Jane heels and a prim pink lip.I'll admit it: suits are boring. But with a trendy short and badass booties, the office attire turns into the coolest streetwear. I suddenly have a strong urge to dig up my middle school cheerleading uniform... An all-white outfit tones down the costume-y skirt.She's just as cool on the weekends as she is on the red carpet. This puffer/hoodie/sneaker combo is the perfect outfit equation for when you just don't feel like getting dressed.I didn't realize I needed a strawberry print dress in my life until Millie Bobby Brown wore one with a button-up and striped heels. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She's got her own merch line and it's pretty sick. Ever since Billie Eilish dyed her hair neon green, every single outfit she's worn has matched perfectly. Just check out her Instagram – it's like an old-school Nickelodeon show: slime, slime, and more slime. There's this pic of her and Camila Cabello, where Billie's nails, sunnies, and hoodie are all electric green:Then there's this one, where she flaunts her new (maybe) Jojo's Bizarre Adventure-inspired dye job.But Billie's been into slime 'fits for a minute now. Back in June, she wore a matching highlighter set that is hands-down the comfiest looking outfit I've seen in awhile. The duo is actually from her own merch line, Blōhsh and yes, you can buy it right now. The shirt is $40 and the shorts cost $50. Not a high price to pay, considering every single item comes with a copy of her digital album, WHEN WE ALL FALL ASLEEP, WHERE DO WE GO? Into it? Shop more Billie merch below.Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Here's where you can buy them for yourself.Pride month may be over, but the Pride feeling lasts all year long, hunny. Just after the month closed, Kylie Jenner flaunted a pair of UGG sandals that come with a really important message.The fur-covered slides are emblazoned with stripes of powder pink, light blue, and white – AKA: the transgender pride flag. She shared the shoes on her Instagram Stories with the caption, "I need all the colors."The sandals are part of UGG's three-piece Pride collection, which they created in collaboration with Born This Way Foundation. To help customers flaunt their pride, UGG reimagined their Fluff Yeah sandals to look like the trans flag and the two halves of the LGBTQ+ flag. Fluff Yeah in Pride Stripes, $100, UGG SHOP NOWIt's unclear whether Kylie recognized the sandals as representing the trans flag, but it does seem likely, considering her parent Caitlyn Jenner came out as a transgender woman in 2015.Like most things Kylie wears, the sandals have already sold out in women's sizes, BUT you can still shop the men's options for $100 ($25 of which will be donated to Born This Way Foundation) on the UGG website.Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			There's a lot happening and I love every bit of it.There's a LOT happening in Camila Cabello's latest Instagram pic and I'm loving every single bit of it. She posed with "Bad Guy" singer Billie Eilish for a squad pic that I'm dying to be a part of. As is proper fangirl etiquette, we need to spend a wildly unnecessary amount of time over analyzing every tiny detail of this picture. Let us begin:First, let's talk about the caption: Camila calls Billie a "sweet human," which in my wildest dreams is the song title of their upcoming musical collab (hint, hint, ladies). It's more than likely just a comment on their friendship, but a girl can dream, right? Now, let's move on to Billie's outfit – a color-coordinated look that needs to be appreciated. The "Bad Guy" singer matched her trademark oversized hoodie, her nails, and her sunglasses to her new neon green hair (which might have been inspired by Jojo's Bizarre Adventure). The move of a true icon. Okay, lastly let's reflect on Camila's crop top, which reads: "I TALK SHIT ABOUT YOU IN SPANISH." Damn, I love these two.Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Copying immediately.School starts back up in T-minus two months, which means... YUP, it's already time to start planning out your first day of school outfit. Lucky for you, there are a ton of easy-to-wear styles trending right now that basically require zero effort. Like slip dresses – wear them under any jacket, over any T-shirt, or with any shoes and they always look cool. Or tie-dye – rock it with leopard print, mom jeans, or bike shorts. Anway, before the first day comes around, check out all the cutest looks you can easily copy for back to school using pieces already in your closet. If your school operates under the three-finger rule (*eye roll*), layer your favorite sundress over a tank top for a chic look that won't get you detention.  Repurpose your internship suit with sneakers, jumbo hoops, and a cropped graphic tee for an effortlessly stylish look perfect for the first day of school.  If you don't already have a leopard dress in your closet, do you even exist in 2019? Pair your go-to mini with buckled boots and a timeless leather jacket.Tie-dye is like a solid black and white stripe – it goes with anything in your closet (seriously, try it). Pair the multi-colored design with a printed skirt, cut-offs, or white jeans for the ultimate cool-girl look.  For some reason, a matching tracksuit just feels more put-together than regular sweatpants. A sleek top knot is the perfect back to school hairstyle to go along with it. Ransack your local thrift store (or your dad's closet) to nail this first day of school outfit. An oversized polo becomes the perfect dress, thanks to some trendy accessories.  Instagrammers love wearing slip dresses with retro naked sandals. Tone down the look for class with colorblocked sneakers. Take ya man's shirt and tuck it into your go-to pair of high rise jeans, like Selena Gomez. Go fully '90s with a buttoned-up cardigan and a silky slip skirt. High top sneakers make the grandma pair-up feel a little more modern. This styling trick comes to you straight from plus size model Iskra Lawrence and it can be used with literally any outfit. Throw on your cropped denim and fasten a single button to make any summer staple dress code appropriate. While everyone else is out here making their plaid pants look grungy, take a note from Storm Reid and go preppy. A crisp white button up and sneakers makes the bold pants feel dressy, but still chill enough for class.  Bike shorts are basically the summer version of leggings. Wear them to class with the hoodie of your choice and your favorite sneakers – puppy optional. Everyone loves this styling trick, from Ariana Grande to Chanel Iman. A massive hoodie and sneakers is the easiest outfit equation for the first day of school.  Give your best summer dress a punky edge with a pair of ass-kicking snakeskin boots.  A white tee, jeans, and a plaid blazer – it's an always-chic ensemble that you can wear literally anywhere. Amp up the classic jeans-and-a-white-tee combo with bold statement pieces, like a printed cardi and metallic kicks.More: Cute Hairstyles to Wear to School This YearWant a first-day look that will hit your classmates like a big yellow school bus? Go for a flirty dress with major embroidery – and a bag to match.Selena Gomez officially brought the '70s back, which means it's time to embrace the patchwork. Rock a pieced-together denim shirt over a matching mini and finish with modern accessories.Rock a preppy statement mini with your comfiest sweatshirt for next-level cool vibes. Stick to the same color scheme for on-point layering.Keep an all-over color outfit from looking cray cray by adding a classic white T-shirt to pull it together.Drape your fall staples over your favorite summer overalls for a look that feels totally fresh.Make your favorite Going Out Top look classroom ready by layering on a cute tank. Go for laid-back sneaks to help tone down the sparkle.Shiny pieces, like a *fab* rose gold skirt, instantly add a luxe vibe to any outfit. Rock with a denim jacket to keep the look totally casual.If anyone tells you not to wear white in the fall, ditch them – you don't need that kind of negativity in your life. A denim jacket makes an all-white dress feel fall af.A sporty skirt is the perfect match for a graphic sweatshirt.Layering different hues is a lazy girl's secret for looking fab. Just throw on all your denim pieces at once – instant cool.Take your game day style up a notch with light-washed denim-on-denim. Get even more tailgating outfit ideas here. A one-color-only look doesn't have to be boring, especially when you choose a bright hue. Mix textures and styles to keep your aesthetic interesting.Faux leather details add cool-girl edge to fall basics. Instead of traditional black, trade in your moto jacket for an all-white version paired with an eggplant pleather skirt.Remix your summer dresses for fall by layering them over long sleeve shirts  and swapping your summery sandals for boots. Bonus points for cool socks.Ditch your boring blues for statement jeans with major embroidery. Add a striped sweater and a classic trench to beat the fall chills.Update an old pair of jeans with cool patches. It's the chicest DIY there is.More is more! Go heavy with the florals by rocking a flowery jacket with shorts to match.An bright, electric print perfectly dresses up a comfy pair of worn-in jean shorts.Update last year's peplum top by knotting a cute tee over it. If you really want to commit to the layering game, pile on a few statement necklaces for bonus sparkle. Print mixing secret: pair stripes and checkerboard with basically any print and it still looks cute. Preppy loafers and an ultra femenine blouse make cropped overalls look shockingly chic. Trade your romper in for a tomboy jumpsuit. Utilitarian styles give the one-piece a tough edge. Your outfit will give everyone major heart eyes when it includes emojis.  Slay game day in a varsity jacket and sporty tee. Keep your 'fit from looking like a costume by adding bright bandles and girly shades. A pop of preppy tweet will make you feel like Blair Waldorf in a second.Cool prints give this farmer fave fashion-y update. Throw on your coolest graphic tee and a funky bag for a look that'll rake in the likes. Go over-the-top prepster in distressed denim, statement pumps, and a University scarf.Paper bag pants are officially in! The trick to pulling off the high-waisted style is to pair them with trendy, right-now pieces, like an athleisure-inspired top and sporty kicks.  Layering plaid is surprisingly cool af. Want more ways to wear your fave fall print? Click here for five more adorable ways to wear your flannel. Who knew such a girly print could actually look punky? Animal print gives the femme staple major fashion vibes. Athletic-inspired layers, like mesh jerseys and bomber jackets, in feminine prints are the perfect sporty combo.Update the classic school girl uniform by pairing a plaid skirt with a graphic sweatshirt and swapping a blazer for an army jacket.Get even more first day outfit inspo here!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Are these going to show up in Stranger Things 4?You literally can't get through a single scene of Stranger Things without a shot of a Converse sneaker. The entire party basically lives in the classic shoe, because they provide the unyielding comfort required to take on the Mind Flayer. Seriously, just look at this shot: They're everywhere! And remember Eleven's famous pink dress look from season one? She accessorized it with a blonde wig and high tops.If the cast had a uniform – apart from Steve Harrington's weirdly sexy Scoops Ahoy outfit – it would be a solid pair of Chuck Taylors. So it's almost too perfect that Millie Bobby Brown is now dropping an entire collection with the brand.  📢📢📢📢 Converse Millie By You 🐳 Launching July 11 Converse.com #ConverseByYou  #ConverseXMBB  @ConverseA post shared by  mills 🌠 (@milliebobbybrown) on Jul 8, 2019 at 5:59am PDTJust four days after the release of season 3 (which I've already watched twice, FYI), Millie announced that on July 11, Converse will be releasing a line of shoes she designed herself. This marks two very exciting milestones: 1. she's now the brand's youngest collaborator EVER. 2. your own personal shoe collection is about to get waaaay better. “One of the most exciting parts of designing this is that I get to do it with my fans.” Coming soon. Check out our stories for more details. #ConverseByYou #ConverseXMBB @milliebobbybrownA post shared by  Converse (@converse) on Jul 6, 2019 at 7:05am PDTThe 15-year-old actress picked out the colors and designs of the line herself, which is meant to represent her love of whales and the ocean. "To choose the colors and material and print for the shoes was really specific and special to me," she shared on Converse's Instagram. In the words of Eleven herself, this drop is totally bitchin'. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			 The outfit says: my body and my rights are not yours to touch. "Don't f*ck with my freedom."That's the message behind Miley Cyrus' political jam, "Mother's Daughter." She dropped a music video to go with the unapologetically feminist anthem and it's every bit as epic as you thought it would be. The 3-minute video is filled with underrepresented people taking up the space they deserve and owning their identities. There are tons of subliminal messages throughout (inspiring phrases literally pop up for a millisecond during the video), but my personal favorite comes in the form of fashion. Miley serves us multiple outfit changes, but the star look is a red latex catsuit accessorized with silver jewelry, over-the-knee boots, and a spiked-out vagina. Not kidding. #MothersDaughterVideo out 9AM EST 🚨🚨A post shared by  Miley Cyrus (@mileycyrus) on Jul 2, 2019 at 4:18am PDTIf you choose to take the spikes at face value, they seem like a simple nod to vagina dentata folk tales or just another Miley stunt designed to shock. But this symbol actually has a powerful hidden message that goes with the song's theme: this pussy bites back.   Link in bio. #MothersDaughterVideoA post shared by  Miley Cyrus (@mileycyrus) on Jul 2, 2019 at 5:05am PDTThat phrase has been splashed across protest signs and T-shirts for years, as a direct response to President Trump's comments bragging about sexually assaulting women. In the video, which surfaced during the 2016 election, Trump says:  Miley's outfit sends a very important message: My body and my rights are not yours to touch. Back the f*ck off. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You need a Simba bucket hat in your life. Alexa, play "Circle of Life" from the The Lion King. Okay, now that we've got the mood music, it's time for a really exciting announcement. Your favorite childhood movie has been reimagined by your favorite store in the form of an epic clothing collection. ASOS just dropped a massive clothing line inspired by the classic cartoon, The Lion King. Just like the OG Disney film, the whole line serves high-key '90s vibes – I'm talking bucket hats, cropped windbreakers, tie dyed sets, and printed button-ups. The epic release comes in celebration of the new live-action remake (*cough* starring Beyonce *cough*) that's set to hit our theaters and hearts on July 19.  In typical ASOS style, the whole drop is inclusive as hell. Almost every single item comes in straight and plus sizes, from size 0 up to a 28 (YASS!). It's all available to shop now on ASOS.com, so you better grab the limited-edition pieces while you can. Dibs on the tube top!Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			And he flaunted the nips just for the occasion.Remember when James Charles closed down his own merch brand after feuding with Jeffree Star, because his company Killer Merch was producing it? Yeah, I think about that a lot. Now, two months after the insane drama, James is finally re-launching his merch line – and it goes without saying that Jeffree's clothing company Killer Merch will not be involved. The brand made the announcement on their Instagram account, revealing a whole new summer collection. "We are so excited to be back in business & have so much to show you sisters," they wrote.The new line drops today (June 28) at 3 pm ET and it's full of classic Sisters products you've probably already seen James wearing. There are logo phone cases, pool slides, dad hats, and even swimsuits. According to the brand's Instagram account, the merchandise will be size-inclusive, running "sizes XS through 3XL" for most styles.A post shared by Sisters Apparel (@sistersapparel) on Jun 27, 2019 at 10:53am PDTJames even revived his famous nips, usually on reserve for Coachella, to promote the new drop. A post shared by Sisters Apparel (@sistersapparel) on Jun 27, 2019 at 12:05pm PDTWant to check out the full Sisters Apparel summer collection for yourself? Shop it here. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			“I want to be someone that a kid can look at and think, ‘If she’s doing it, so can I!’”Memphis Murphy is running on three hours of sleep, but you’d never know it. The 18-year-old model and DJ is buzzing after a whirlwind 24 hours: a DJ gig that lasted into the wee hours of the morning directly followed by a day-long photo shoot for Calvin Klein. Talk about #goals. In nonstop-smile mode, Murphy is glowing and looks miraculously well-rested as she grooves to “Cha-Cha Slide” (her epic throwback song request). “I’ve been sleeping a lot lately, so I’ve compensated!” she jokes, giving herself some well-deserved encouragement: “She’s here, she did it, she pulled through!”After being featured on the cover of National Geographic’s Gender Issue in 2017, the Harlem native, who now lives in Greenwich Village, has become an unstoppable force in the queer community for proudly sharing her gender transition story. Today, her infectious confidence and realness have her on track to become the fashion world’s next big thing. Honestly, it’s a perfect match. Murphy has looked to clothing throughout her life to help define her identity and embrace the parts of herself that were not always obvious to the outside world. Wearing a black halter-neck swimsuit, her long rainbow-colored braids twirled into two space buns on the top of her head, Murphy resembles the spunky Bratz Dolls she played with growing up. “They were the first feminine thing that I got to play with and experience, and dressing like them always helped me to feel more feminine throughout my transition,” she says, mentioning that their late ‘90s/early 2000s spirit is the defining thread of her quirky style.We picked Murphy’s brain on the other ‘90s icons that inspire her daily outfits, her #1 goal as a queer model, and the best advice she has for other trans teens. Scroll down for all the deets and to see the pics from her photoshoot. “On a day-to-day basis, I love to wear vintage clothing from the late ‘90s and early 2000s. I’m so inspired by that time because everyone had such a cool, unique style — when you went outside you didn’t see anyone in the same clothes like you do today. It was all about having a truly personal style. “Aaliyah’s style is so iconic, but I also look up to punk rockers from that era because they were killing it with their fashion, especially the ones in New York City who hung out on St. Marks Place. They really just went after it and wore exactly what they wanted to, from their raccoon-dyed hair to their giant platforms and studded belts.”“Growing up, I never felt pretty or liked my body in skinny jeans, which forced me to find a different style from the one that pretty much everyone else lived by. Once I found flared jeans, girl, it was over! A flared low-rise jean with platform shoes is now my go-to look.”“It’s so special being a city kid. Growing up here just makes you mature so much faster. I started taking the subway to school by myself at age 12, you know? It was just a part of the rigmarole — living here meant traveling on your own very early on. “I was less sheltered, too, and was exposed to different ways of life a lot earlier than I think I would’ve been if I grew up in the suburbs. I’m so thankful for that because it made me grow up and accept myself a lot faster.”“I always wanted to model but I never really thought I could as a trans person — you’re made to feel that you’re less entitled to be in a position of power where people look up to you. But in the tenth grade, I met this girl who was with a modeling agency who ended up reaching out to me to tell me they liked my look. I hopped on board and did test shoots with them for about a year to build my portfolio and refine my look. “From there, it just really took off and it’s crazy to think that this is where I’m at today, having wanted to do it so badly when I was younger.”“My high school was super ‘normal,’ cisgender, and white — everyone was very much the quintessential Park Slope kid — so I would seek out friends outside of school. “I found this amazing queer community that really helped me accept myself and grow. Most of them happened to be part of this inclusive DJ collective called New World Dysorder, which I’m a part of now, too. I DJ today because that crew encouraged me to try it and told me I could. They had faith in me from a young age.”“I have totally different obligations as a queer model. It’s really important for me to make space for queer people who are coming up behind me, people who are also trans and just starting to figure life out and what they want to do.  “When I was their age, I would have loved to see someone like myself in a magazine who was open and proud of their trans identity and succeeding throughout it all. Me being that person for someone else is so important, and it’s a huge job. I want to be someone that a kid can look at and think, ‘If she’s doing it, so can I!’”“Remember that you’re the only you in the world and there’s no point in comparing yourself to others — just focus on being the best version of yourself that you can possibly be and make sure you’re doing everything you can to be comfortable in your own skin.  “I wish someone had told me that, because when you’re transitioning at a young age, you often feel that you don’t belong so you try to fit into a bunch of different categories at once in order to conform. Instead, you have to remember that you’re the only you, you’re the best you, and the only you that you can be.”Photographer: Ruo Bing Li. Makeup: Tracy Alfajora. Hair: Matthew Tuozzoli. Wardrobe Stylist: Kathy Lee. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"Another year around the sun n she still wearing these f*ckin ears."It's been a MINUTE since we've seen Ariana Grande wearing her trademark bunny ears. During her Dangerous Woman era, the pop star virtually lived in different versions of the Halloween costume-turned-fashion trend. She's so famous for the ears, that her ex-fiancé Pete Davidson even got a tattoo of the symbol in her honor (and then later covered it up).For her 26th birthday (happy bday, Ari!!!) the queen revived her iconic look and I'm fully living. She posted on Instagram wearing an all-black outfit that looks super similar to the one she wore in her "Dangerous Woman" music video back in 2016. This time around, she ditched the patent leather and went for a sexy rhinestone-covered mini dress with an ultra low-v, but kept the matching black gloves and bunny ears. another year around the sun n she still wearing these fuckin ears. grateful for the love and for the people i get to share this life with. and thank u for the birthday wishes. :) p.s. i changed into an xxxl hoodie minutes after this was taken, don’t worry.A post shared by  Ariana Grande (@arianagrande) on Jun 26, 2019 at 9:18am PDTIn the caption, she poked fun at her animal ear obsession, saying: "another year around the sun n she still wearing these fuckin ears."She then thanked her fam and friends and reassured her fans that this fashion revival won't trump her Sweetener aesthetic of over-the-knee boots and sweatshirts. "Grateful for the love and for the people i get to share this life with. and thank u for the birthday wishes. :)," she continued. "P.s. i changed into an xxxl hoodie minutes after this was taken, don’t worry."Can she bring back the cat ears next, please?Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Not into this... but also not not into this. Billie Eilish is a being who lives outside of the confines of society's fashion and beauty standards. While most of us mere mortals are wearing mom jeans and crop tops, Billie's out here in neon ski masks and furry yeti pants. And this, my friends, is why we truly stan.In her last two Instagram pics, she's wearing oversized shirts, baggy pants, and $1,590 sneakers – you know, typical Billie attire. But she added what might be her weirdest accessory yet: a Gucci ankle pillow.  just landed in london and i want some chocolate milkA post shared by  BILLIE EILISH (@billieeilish) on Jun 25, 2019 at 4:58am PDTYeah, I'm confused too – and if I'm being honest, a little intrigued. What is the purpose of the ankle pillow? Is this a thing now? Is it even a pillow or is it an ankle purse? Should I buy one? So many questions that Billie will never answer...Now, once is a fluke. Twice is a trend. And Billie has worn the little ankle plush two days in a row now – well, two Instagrams in a row, same thing. In her most recent pic, the "Bad Guy" singer ditched her new butt-length extensions, but kept her ankle strapped in double Gs. i miss my matte black baby mama😩😩A post shared by  BILLIE EILISH (@billieeilish) on Jun 25, 2019 at 1:58pm PDTLiterally only Billie could make this look cool, so if this trend catches on, I'm not sure that I'll be buying into it... But I'm also not not sure.Follow Kelsey on Instagram! 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's not easy being this extra. In a sea of sequins and shimmer, you need to be extra extra to stand out at the homecoming dance – but without looking like you are trying too hard. Thankfully your homecoming fairy godmother is here (that's me!), along with your favorite celebs, to help you find a look that effortlessly speaks for itself.Whether you're in the mood for a suave-as-hell suit, glamorous gown, or a sexy mini dress I've found the best of the above, plus where to shop similar styles. Here are the coolest outfit ideas inspired by your favorite celebrities. Even if you don't snag the title for Homecoming Queen, these fits will for sure get you the crown for best dressed.Take notes from Lizzo on how to make a big statement in a bright color. She's serving us slime, she's serving us feathers, and she's serving a killer green makeup look to match. If you want to keep it comfy and cool, add a pair of sneakers to balance out the glam of this dress. What you'll need: One Shoulder Ruched Double Layer Midi Dress, $30, BoohooShop NowA sequin dress will get attention no matter what the occasion, so if you're still stumped for outfit ideas, I'd shop this look ASAP. Even if bright hues aren't your vibe, you can still pull off a dark-tone rainbow dress. Try a black faux leather bag to tie in the different hues. What you'll need: Petite Sequin Stripe Tie Side Mini Dress, $39, Pretty Little ThingShop Now Piling on patterns and textures is the best way to keep your look interesting, even if you're not wearing a bright color. Sarah Hyland has taught us all an important lesson: sequins, polka dots, ruffles, and a low v-neck look amazing all mashed up together. If you're not sure how to pull this off, ease into this mixed-up look with just two elements of fun, like this polka dot and ruffle dress. What you'll need: Syd Mini Dress, $78, NBDShop Now This tuxedo dress will go down in the books as one of Willow Smith's best looks of all time – and it can be yours, too. Get the Willow effect by opting for a tuxedo dress with an element of surprise, like shimmery sequins. It's all in the details.What you'll need: Sequin Blazer Romper, $79, BershkaShop Now Homecoming is a night of fun and flirting so channel that energy in your look like Lily James in this sheer dress. Get the same glitzy look with a simple, yellow slip dress and lots of sparkly jewelry. Keep it light and breezy like the dress with a simple homecoming makeup look to match. What you'll need: Midi Slip Dress, $54, J.O.A.Shop Now  Somehow, Lauren Tsai makes this sexy naked dress, look like a sweet, polished gown fit for a royal wedding. Her secret? Pretty pastels and feminine details, like the bow sash and sweetheart neckline. What you'll need: Lovingly Yours Light Blue Embroidered Trumpet Dress, $34, Lulu'sShop Now Make your cotton candy dreams come true by opting for a pastel pink look for your homecoming outfit. Give this super femme dress a punch of punk rock with an edgy hairstyle packed with lots of statement clips. What you'll need: Scuba Top Cold Shoulder Tulle Midi Dress, $60, ASOSShop Now  Barbie Ferreira is channeling her inner goth princess in a lovely midnight blue tiered gown. If you want your homecoming outfit to be the perfect combo of pretty princess and dark and vampy, this dress is for you. Add pops of color to your look by pairing bright accessories, like Barbie did with her green earrings and electric eyeshadow. What you'll need: Ballroom Tulle Dress, $70, FashionNovaShop NowRemi Cruz keeps it simple in this bustier-inspired metallic dress that will absolutely SHINE on the dance floor. Keep the monochromatic look with a white sandal or elevate the look even further with an equally sparkly metallic pump. What you'll need: x Chantel Jeffries Cindy Sweetheart Dress, $66, SuperdownShop NowYes, you can wear white to homecoming. Try a style with artsy details like a one-shoulder cut, a puff sleeve, and/or a watercolor floral print – that way, you'll look fashion-y instead of bridal. What you'll need: Josephine White Floral Print One-Shoulder High-Low Dress, $359, BarianoShop Now  An all-white suit is a classic when you want to keep it chic and polished for the evening. Sometimes a dress just doesn't cut it. Keep your accessories white as well for chic simplicity. What you'll need: Wide Buckle Belt Straight Tapered Pants, $22, BoohooShop NowThis effortlessly chic  look was made for the girl who's way too cool for a boring homecoming dress. Thanks to the silky satin fabric, this dapper printed suit looks elegant enough for a formal dance. Dress this up your outfit by adding strappy heels and plenty of crystal bling.What you'll need: Blue Floral Print Suit, $45, Lulu'sShop Now  At this point, sequins and metallics are starting to feel a bit overdone. If you're looking for the next new thing, try a mini dress with flamboyant feather detailing. Cool trimming and a simple silhouette will keep you from looking costumey. Try not to go overboard on accessories here (a little touch of gold is fine) and let the dress speak for itself. What you'll need: Feather Cocktail Dress, $188, Eliza J Shop NowThis year's take on the suit: oversized and flowy. Don't be afraid to play with colors and prints when choosing suiting for your homecoming outfit. If you decide on a highlighter hue, style with muted accessories to keep the looks polished and not too loud.What you'll need: I Am Bossy Neon Pant, $40, AkiraShop NowZandaya has mastered the art of experimenting with structural silhouettes. Volume is key here, so style up your dress with white shoes to create a fairytale finish to your homecoming outfit. What you'll need: All Eyelets on You Sheer Sleeve Dress, $40, Nasty GalShop NowTiffany is the Style Director at Hearst. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			These shoes should be homecoming queen, tbh.It's the very first dance of the year, so you've got to look fierce from your head all the way down to your fabulous feet. And you know what that means: you need a sick pair of heels. We've got your back with the coolest homecoming shoes that will totally *make* your outfit. Here are all the cutest stilettos, pumps, and strappy sandals that will add the perfect finishing touch to any homecoming dress. Your go-to little black dress will feel brand new when paired with these bright yellow sandals. A little scalloped detailing makes your typical ankle-strap heel look way more interesting. Girl, you're a STAR – and these glitzy, star-studded high heels say just that. It doesn't get much more '90s than a slinky wedge. These ones have a beaded woven design that's so artsy.A crystal-studded eye on each toe gives the classic silhouette a fashion-y edge. A simple white pump is just as versatile as your go-to black heels, but feel much more daring. This speckled pair is a cool update to the leopard print that's currently trending.Let your homecoming dress have all the glory by keeping your shoes neutral. A nude shoe will match anything and Banana Republic has options in five different shades. Shop them all here.Go extra or go home, amiright? Just imagine all the bomb shoefies you'll take in these fierce zebra heels.  Selena Gomez is super into sculptural heels right now and tbh, so am I. They're all business in the front and straight-up fashion in the back – perfect for a lowkey look that stands out.Thanks to the silver/gold combo, these shoes have more sparkle than the homecoming crown. Plus, the stacked heel will give you maximum support while dancing. Alexa, play "Old Town Road." Silver studs and ornate buckles give these femme sandals a touch of western flare.Every girl has a pair nude pumps in her closet – and they'll probably all wear them to the homecoming dance. Snag this swirly version for a more unique look. Platform heels give all the height without all the hurt – in other words, they're the perfect homecoming shoes.MORE: 15 Super Cute High Heels That Are (Almost) As Comfortable as SneakersKylie Jenner lives for a good lucite shoe. Go for an open-toed version to avoid steamy swamp foot (yep, it's a thing). Leopard print is basically a neutral. You can wear it with any color, plus stripes, polka dots, florals – seriously, you name it. Trust me, you'll get a ton of use out of these.My inner '90s baby is SCREAMING right now. With the artsy heel shape and bright orange straps, people will legit think these babies are vintage. The key to rocking a simplistic look: texture. Tiny divots and a shiny patent leather finish make these classics look ultra glam.Highlighter is back – and I'm not talking about the beauty product. Thanks to the thin straps on these sandals, you can rock every neon at once and still look totally chic. These metallic silver sparklers may or may not be the exact shoes Cinderella wore to the royal ball.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			May your school supplies be as cute as your outfit. Everyone knows that the best part of heading back to school is shopping for new supplies. While your school supplies list might read "pens, notebooks, pencil case," there's no reason why you can't get glitter pens, a sparkly notebook, and a furry pencil case! Homework is hard enough, so your school supplies should be fun af. So, grab your school supplies list and check out these super cute accessories that will make you actually want to go to class.Bring your note-taking game to the next level. Your teacher won't care if you text during class when your phone case is this cute!Use these guys sparingly, you DO NOT want to waste them. Unleash your inner Cher Horowitz with these cuties. Cute rulers do exist!*Cuts up stuff for no reason as an excuse to buy these scissors.*Stick this baby in your locker for some quick notes between class. You will NEVER forget your laptop when it's in this case, I promise. This will make writing essay after essay a WHOLE lot easier!These babies will transform you into Ariana Grande the second you put them on. This sleek sharpener is so cool, you're going to want to shred your pencils to little nubs!Keep all your books organized so you're never late to class. Carry all your important papers in this cute and super profesh folio. Give yourself a pep talk before a big test in this gorgeous mirror that will fit right in your locker. Make 2019 your year with this lunar planner. Every desk needs a mini garden.Make your locker the between-class go to spot with this awesome light!I'm conviced that this adorable pencil case is the secret to straight A's. In case you need a reminder that you're going places!Smudge away mistakes with these cutesy erasers.Write down your beautiful thoughts in this beautiful journal. Add a touch of glamour to even the most boring homework assignment. Pencils, lipstick, q-tips – you can use this little cutie for anything. When you need some motivation to do your homework, a cute desk might do the trick! Show off your house colors with this roomy bookbag. I suddenly have the urge to staple every piece of paper...Why is this tablet sleeve cuter than my outfit?Plan out your year in this bright bujo. Add some sparkle to your desk or locker with this three-piece set.This tape holder is the fanciest thing you will own. Now you'll def remember to charge your phone. Pom poms make doing homework so much better. This pretty rose gold file-holder is like a statement necklace for your desk. *Bling.*This plaque supplies major motivation to get you through the Sunday Scaries.Since you can't keep an *actual* kitten in your locker...		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Save your money for the things that really matter (shoes).Prom season is over (😢), but you can get just as glammed up for homecoming 2019. From sparkling mermaid sequins and statement ruffles to timeless florals – these stunning cheap homecoming dresses are prom-level gorgeous, but for a third of the price. Here are all the cutest homecoming dress trends perfect for the first school dance of the year – and all for less than a hundred bucks. If you're not trying to spend all night on a homecoming hairstyle, this one-shoulder mini is perfect. Pull back your hair in a simple pony to let the asymmetrical neckline shine.Zebra print, pastels, and a touch of 1999? This dress is IT, sis.  Sequins can be a bit much for a chill homecoming dance. Opt for a metallic copper sheen that serves a more low-key sparkle. If you don't have a slime dress in your closet already, you're doing it wrong. Make the trendy hue feel homecoming appropriate in this modern tulip dress.Oh, so you thought you couldn't wear white to homecoming? Wrong! This edgy one-shoulder mini looks so cool – and not at all bridal. You'll straight-up GLOW in this highlighter bodycon. Do a strappy heel and statement earrings to make up for the simplistic silhouette.  MORE: 19 *Gorgeous* Shoes You Need To Complete Your Homecoming OutfitNoticing a theme here? Yep, vibrant colors are currently trending. Even with its ultra bright color, this pink stunner still has a little edge, thanks to the asymmetrical cut. Ombre is out (sorry, y'all), but you can still wear it if you go for a more barely-there fade. The white-to-pink gradient looks super subtle and elegant. This midi is proof that you can wear an $11 T-shirt dress to homecoming. Just pile on the jewelry and slip on a stacked-up heel.The two-way sequins on this slip dress change colors when you brush them, mimicking the magic of a mermaid's scales. Like your go-to lipstick, a vibrant little red dress is eternally stylish and hot af. The ultimate homecoming date: a rainbow sequin dress. It's equal parts glitzy and fun.It doesn't get much girlier than a scalloped neckline, a punch of fuchsia, and fit-and-flare silhouette.  My smoke alarm is going off thanks to this hot AF copper sequined mini dress.Taylor Swift wishes she had this ethereal T-shirt dress during her "Enchanted" days. If a typical homecoming dress isn't your style, go for an edgy romper. Shimmery disco sequins and mod shoulder details add a fashion-y touch to a super sweet midi dress.Rainbow sequin stripes – honestly, do I need to say more? This strapless faux leather bodycon dress will make you feel like a straight-up BOMBSHELL. Artsy statement ruffles keep your classic white dress from looking bridal.Everyone else can just go home. This under-$100 '80s disco ball dress officially wins homecoming. This dress is FIRE – or maybe it's just the dragons? Yes, hunny! The lacey bustier detail on this mini dress will make you feel like a Victoria's Secret Angel at homecoming.Tone down the *extra* with a sequin dress that has a soft matte finish. The subtle metallic shimmer is so elegant. If your school goes formal for homecoming, rock a cool embroidered maxi with cool sheer paneling. Ariana Grande has been living in structured bubble dresses lately. Do it like Ari with this under-$50 navy blue ruffled version.  Baby pink can actually be super glam. Just do a chic, slicked-back hairstyle and add a lot of sequins. Florals, polka dots, ruffles – been there, done that. Try an unexpected print, like this plaid mini, then wear it layered over a graphic tee for class. Upgrade a typical flowery formal dress with bright abstract blooms and a modern illusion neckline. This lacy, ruffled dress is feminine to the max and perfect for a girly-girl. You always wanted to be a ballerina when you grew up and this tulle midi is the next best thing. Polka-dots add a girly touch to edgy mesh cut-outs.  You'll re-wear this dress again and again. It's perfect for homecoming, graduation, date night, and beyond. You can skip out on the bling, because this rhinestone-studded dress is like a statement necklace all by itself.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			They'll look brand new after this. I don't know about you, but I have at least six pairs of dirty white shoes that either: A. make me cringe every time I wear them, because they’re so filthy, or B. collect dust in the back of my closet because they've hit a level of dirty that’s not fit for public eyes. If you think what I just said is #relatablecontent, you're in luck because I've figured out how to get rid of even the most brutal smudges. Yep, I sourced the internet for all the most effective ways to clean white shoes – everything from suede heels and leather booties to canvas sneakers. Read ahead to find out how you can your shoes yourself – plus, how to prevent them from getting dirty in the first place.First, let's talk about white canvas sneakers – arguably the most difficult shoe to keep clean long term. As soon as you take them out of the box, coat your sneakers in a layer of stain-resistant sneaker protectant – seriously, before you even put them on your feet. Spritz them every few weeks for continual stain-prevention. If you've already destroyed your sneaks, here's how to clean them:What you'll need: bowl, toothbrush, dish soap, laundry detergent, water, paper towels.  Start by removing your laces, if you have them. According to Wikihow, you can fill a small bowl with cold water and add a few drops of laundry detergent. Dip a (clean) toothbrush into the mixture and start scrubbing directly. After you've worked the stains out, wash off the remaining soap with cold water. As for the laces, just throw them in the washing machine on cold and let them air dry (to prevent shrinkage). Real leather requires a lot of upkeep. Any leather product (handbag, jackets, shoes) should be covered in leather protectant spray before they ever see the light of day. Continue to keep them looking flawless with cleaning conditioning spray that helps to lift stains, while keeping the leather supple. If you've got a stain that needs taken care of, read ahead.What you'll need: toothbrush, toothpaste, water, washcloth.This shoe cleaning hack is super easy and will leave any leather item in your closet sparkling. First, wet the shoe, but very lightly. Too much water will ruin the leather, so make sure to be careful with how much water you're applying. According to Wikihow, take a white, non-gel toothpaste and apply it either directly on your boot or onto the toothbrush. Let the toothpaste sit for a few minutes after applying, then scrub. Wipe off the residue and clean with a damp washcloth. Voila! Sparkling clean.   Wearing your brand new white heels out on a Friday night is basically a death wish, but sometimes, the outfit requires the risk. In the event that you inevitably ruin your faux leather pumps (or any faux leather shoe), here's how to undo the damage. What you'll need: bowl, mild dish soap, warm water, washcloth.Get a bowl of warm water and add a few drops of dish soap, DoItYourself reports. Too much can ruin a shoe, so just get the water a little bubbly. Dip the washcloth in the mixture and rub it into the shoe to get the stains out. Simple and super efficient. I've said it before and I'll say it again: PROTECTANT SPRAY. Already messed them up? Here's how to clean suede shoes.  What you'll need: toothbrush, pencil eraser, paper towel or washcloth, suede cleaning kit (optional but super helpful).To get stains out, rub a pencil eraser or the eraser that comes with the kit directly onto the shoe. This should do the trick, even for tougher stains. Then rub the spot with your toothbrush or a suede cleaning brush. This second step helps to clean out the suede even further, getting rid of any excess dirt, and restoring the suede to its original glory. Good Housekeeping recommends brushing in the direction of the suede, instead of against it. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Packing up for a day at the beach? Don't forget to take these must-haves with you!Your beach towel is about to get lit with these super cute accessories, sun-safe products, and stylish summer must-haves. Looking for a face sunscreen that won't make you break out? Well, NIA24 has got you covered. This oil-free formula is clinically shown to visibly improve skin tone, texture, dark spots, sun spots and discoloration — all while keeping your skin safe from harmful UV rays.For the hot summer months, get you a lotion that will actually cool down your skin. Paul & Joe’s cooling lotion uses olive oil to keep skin moisturized, while ectoin, a cyclic amino acid that can survive under extreme conditions, hydrates and protects skin from harsh environments. Did I mention that you lotion smells like a woodsy dream? With natural citrus fragrances including lemon, lime, bergamot, chamomile, and cedarwood, the lotion leaves skin feeling and smelling fresh.No trip to the beach is complete without a dip in the water. Make sure you can dry yourself off in style. The towel from Wolf + Friends Shop was designed by an artist and makes the perfect addition to your beach bag. BUY IT HEREThis summer, you need a pair of slides that go with every cute outfit you own, which is why these white and tan sandals are perfect for you. The slides (which came from a collaboration with DesignLoveFest) are super comfy, with a soft leather upper and smooth sole. Face it: You need 'em.BUY THEM HEREDo your lips get burned in the sun? The you need to get your hands on this SPF 30 lip balm. This formula moisturizes and is water-resistant, perfect for your days at the beach!BUY IT HEREMy pizza brings all the baes to the yard... but like, really. Start a conversation with a summer hottie while slaying the sea on this pizza-shaped towel.Keep this puppy folded up in your tote and you're bound to bring the party to every beach and pool this summer.This SPF 30 scalp & hair mist will protect and nourish from roots to tips. This spray is a must-have if you have dyed or highlighted hair that fades in the sun. Also, if you have sensitive skin, this stuff is a lifesaver. GET IT HERELook stylish and stay sun-safe with this adorable holographic visor. This hat is the perfect accessory for your all-unicorn summer look.Your summer shades should be stylish and safe, which is why this pair of retro-style sunglasses are sure to make it into your summer tote. With 8 colors to choose from, you can match a pair with every summer outfit. BUY IT HERE		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			That cat watch is only $35.Obviously, the message of acceptance behind Taylor Swift's latest single, "You Need to Calm Down," is far more important than the technicolor music video that went along with it. But, come on – that's not going to stop me from dissecting each and every outfit she wore anyway. From glitter-coated booties to that hot pink faux fur coat that may or may not have been inspired by Legally Blonde, Tay really turned it out with the looks. Ahead, I'm breaking down every fabulous outfit Taylor Swift wore in her "You Need to Calm Down" music video, plus where you can buy lookalike pieces for yourself.Tay starts out the video with an "I woke up like this" moment, equipped with a silky, lace-trimmed bathrobe, lingerie set, and full glam. Easter egg alert: this scene includes a lot of Taylor Swift merch.I'm sorry, the old Taylor can't come to the phone right now. Why? Because she's transformed into Elle Woods. Tay strutted out of a burning trailer wearing a high-rise pink bikini with a matching fur coat. Fans think the look was inspired by the iconic Legally Blonde scene.This look has a ton of hidden meaning: the bi pride flag-inspired hair, the 13-star shirt, the 13 necklace. There's a lot going on – and I'm living for the whole thing. Your next pool day requires this sunny yellow 'fit: rainbow earrings, heart sunglasses, and Taylor's trademark high-rise bikini. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Ready your crown!Whether you clenched the coveted title of Homecoming Queen or are just rocking the invisible crown you know you deserve, you need a dress fit for royalty. Thankfully, luxurious details are currently trending that are perfect for homecoming 2019 – like glitzy sequins, velvity satin, and princess-y tulle. Wear any one of these to the dance and alllll your Insta comments will say: 'YES, QUEEN!'Right ahead, check out these cute homecoming dresses perfect for the big dance – plus, our best advice on how to totally own each look. This blush ballerina gown gets a major upgrade with embellished blooms in bright colors. And did you catch the halter neckline? Adorable! Let's be real: everyone's going to show up to the homecoming dance in sequins. Make your look stand out by choosing a mini with a fun fade effect. Whether you're scream-singing to Ariana Grande or socializing on the side, you'll for sure turn heads. This over-the-top ruffled number is just the right amount of *extra*. The ruffled skirt and off-the-shoulder style give it a little bit of a boho vibe, add some flower hair clips to really play it up!Simplicity is key sometimes. Let the subtle '90s vibes shine through in a slinky slip dress in a modern bright pink hue. Pair with some fun accessories to bring some character to your look. This flirty co-ord is the latest update to the mermaid trend – the iridescent sequins make it feel aquatic in a totally subtle way. Thanks to the ultra trendy two-piece style, you could even re-wear the top later.A peplum frill accentuates all your hottest curves. Plus the scuba material is so comfortable you will be able to dance all night long, hunny.If Juliet lived in 2019, she would wear this hot af crimson number to meet up with Romeo at midnight when he hits her with the 'wyd?' text. Striped sequins with a one-shoulder puff sleeve – you can bet you'll be the only one at homecoming wearing this cool of a dress.Pair this ruffled two-piece with a matching ombre mani, like Kylie Jenner's. Add some cool high-tops to really give this homecoming dress a girly rocker look. Hold onto summer just a little bit longer in a bright neon dress that will give you all the vacay vibes. The off-the-shoulder silhouette shows just the right amount of skin to make the midi cut feel flirty. Your inner ballerina is SCREAMING over this major tulle moment. The blush color looks great on tons of skin tones, plus with the gold and silver sequin detailing, you can wear any jewelry you want. Can't choose what color to wear? Wear them all! Rock your rainbows, because Pride is all 👏 year 👏 long 👏. This blinged-out set might be your only chance to wear a disco bra to school, which is a sign that you NEED it. This pure white dress lets the intricate floral embellishment really sparkle. Add a matching beaded clutch or shoe to really bring an impact.This artsy mesh dress will bring the perfect edgy punch to the homecoming dance.Give this vintage print a cool 2019 touch with a metallic jewel tone hue and flirty bustier bodice. The dress is just the right amount of sexy and sweet. Fit-and-flare dresses are closet staples for a reason – this shape is bring just the right amount of volume. Plus, the bright rose print will really bring the WOW statement.Fringe, embroidery, and two-piece silhouette – honestly, what more could you ask for in a dress? This curve-hugging lace dress has a sexy thigh slit and v-neckline that'll make jaws drop around the world. Roll into homecoming looking like a grecian goddess in this pleated chiffon dress. The one-shoulder cut ultra trendy and the periwinkle hue really pops.Click play to see more homecoming outfit inspo! 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Layers, bold accessories, and lots of colorThe time has finally come. You can officially ditch your shorts and sandals to embrace fall fashion essentials. Fall trends are here and they're calling for bright neons, fun hats, and dare I say, white AFTER Labor Day. The key to mastering the perfect fall outfit: keep your spring and summer pieces in full rotation, but convert them into cooler temperature looks with the latest cozy trends. There's something for everyone this season. (Ever hear of scrumbo dressing? Yeah, keep reading for more of that.) So check out these cute fall outfit ideas and trends that'll get you so pumped for cold weather.Yes, scumbro style is now a thing. You heard it here first. Grab your Docs, your baggiest jeans, a tie dye sweatshirt, and channel your inner Pete Davidson. This aesthetic is tough to master (think: hypebeast meets fck boi) but oh so fun to test out. What you'll need: Tie-Dyed Fleece Half-Zip Sweatshirt, $66, StüssySHOP HEREAn oversized blazer is a cute twist on a business room classic. Layer the jacket-turned-dress over a tee and short-shorts to stay covered while still showing major leg. Some delicate jewelry and a chunky boot are the best additions to this polished piece. What you'll need: Pink Oversized Button Detail Blazer, $35, Pretty Little ThingSHOP HERE Not just for the gym anymore. Pair your freshest sneaks with a ruffled skirt or girly dress to stay sporty while dressing sweet. What you'll need: Falcon Sneakers, $50, Adidas OriginalsSHOP HERETracksuits are having a moment. Your velour one is great, but let's get creative, people! Bold patterns and even bolder color combinations, laced up with your favorite sneaker will turn every head.What you'll need: Cropped Graphic Hoodie, $39, AdidasSHOP HEREThis cap is one of the trendiest fall pieces. You've seen it all over Instagram courtesy of street style gurus. Keep it from looking costume-y by copying Rihanna's style (per usual). Go for a neutral cap, then pair it with even more neutrals to keep the look lowkey. What you'll need: Ashland Cap, $32, BrixtonSHOP HERECooler weather makes people think darker colors, but not this year! This fall is all about electric hues and bright neons. Opt for a saturated jacket to keep you warm well into the winter months.What you'll need: Corduroy Zip-Front Cropped Jacket, $89, Urban OutfittersSHOP HEREAlexa, play "NASA" by Ariana Grande. Space-age metallics and iridescent accessories are taking over the fashion world at the moment. Go all-in with logo patches and lots of matte silver.What you'll need: Illuminary Fairy Crop Top, $38, Dolls KillSHOP HERE Think overalls, with a little more spunk. These are an easy outfit go-to with so much freedom to accessorize. Rock a cool belt along with a fun bandana around your neck to personalize your look.What you'll need: Boiler Suit, $83, Lucky BrandSHOP HEREWoah, woah – what do you mean your sandals are already tucked away with your swimsuits and beach coverups? Keep your open toed favorites around for fall and pair them with a good old fashioned dad sock. Compliment a neutral shoe with a bright fun sock or use a sporty sock to add contrast to a luxe high heel. What you'll need: Classic 3-Pack Socks, $15, VansSHOP HERELayers. Layers! Can you hear me yet? LAYERS! Piling on plush, sporty getup is the ultimate style trick for the girls in the back who never want to get out of bed. The key to tying a comfy look together (read: not looking like you're wearing pajamas) is allll in the color coordination. What you'll need: Orange Long Windbreaker Patch Bomber Jacket, $40, Love CultureSHOP HERE This accessory ties together an outfit like the cherry on-top of a sundae. Try a bucket bag shape for when you need to just grab and go. What you'll need: Red Mini Slanted Bucket Bag, $59, Charles & KeithSHOP HEREWhite staple pieces have a longer street life than just the summertime. Pair your favorite pieces with fall trends (this year, neons and leopard print) to keep them in season.What you'll need: White Denim Overalls, $98, J.CrewSHOP HEREThis length can feel overwhelming, but don't panic – it's actually kind of amazing. Embrace the length with a wild leopard print, simple boots, and a bright sweater that clashes in the best way. What you'll need: Leopard Satin Maxi Skirt With Thigh Slit, $30, ASOSSHOP HERESecure the bag. This teeny tiny one is an adorable accent to any cute fall outfit. She might not fit much, but she can handle a few hair pins, a lipstick, maybe even your phone (if you're lucky).What you'll need: Crocodile Print Shoulder Bag, $15, RomweSHOP HEREThe season's hottest accessory is the headband. Bold colors with bold materials, all to create a bold outfit. This versatile headpiece isn't just for the preppy girl anymore. Get creative and pair it with your edgiest look. What you'll need: Alice Padded Velvet Headband, $75, Saks Fifth AvenueSHOP HEREVisors aren't just for your grandma and her poker club. The headwear offers an unexpected addition to any cute fall outfit. Pick a see-through version for a futuristic pop or go woven with an all-neutral outfit.What you'll need: Clear Plastic Visor, $12, Urban OutfittersSHOP HEREAlright, I'll admit, monochromatic sets can be a lot. But they make for a great two-in-one. Wear together for a major statement or rock the pieces separately to tone it down a bit. What you'll need: Red Distressed Denim Mini Skirt, $22, Pretty Little ThingSHOP HEREA patterned midi skirt is the most recent addition to most fashion girls' closets atm. It's the easiest way to dress up a T-shirt that isn't quite professional enough for your internship.What you'll need: Printed Satin Midi Skirt, $70, ExpressSHOP HERECardigans are finally cool. Button yours all the way up to replace your favorite match-everything sweater. What you'll need: Ada Waffle Knit Cropped Cardigan, $49, Urban OutfittersSHOP HEREBiker shorts are everywhere. This athletic piece is adored by sports fanatics and fashion-lovers alike. Great from spin class to brunch, keep it sporty with a sweatshirt and sneakers or pair with a blazer and a heel. What you'll need: Bike Shorts, $38, Only HeartsSHOP HEREWhite booties are a year round staple. White is always a risky business, but if you keep your shoes clean and wear them strategically, you can rock these bad boys 365 days a year.What you'll need: In Disguise Bootie, $45, Fashion NovaSHOP HEREHaving childhood nostalgia? This trendy 2000s piece is coming back and it's hotter than ever. Bucket hats are great for covering even the most tragic hair day and make your entire fit feel authentically retro. What you'll need: Leopard Print Bucket Hat, $15, Forever 21SHOP HEREWill this Insta hue ever go out of style? Probably not, but I'm not complaining. This color will make any fall outfit feel so posh.What you'll need: Chamille Studded Mule, $68, Rebecca MinkoffSHOP HEREThis 70's trend gives off a classic, vintage feel no matter what you wear it with (a prim sweater, a smocked crop top, a tie dye T-shirt). Replace your typical mom jeans with a pair of these sleek pants.What you'll need: Just Float On Flare Jeans, $78, Free PeopleSHOP HERETired of wearing dresses for every occasion? Same. A satin set is the new power suit is the cool-girl solution. Try pairing a hot heel and a full bodied pony for a little extra oomph. What you'll need: Satin Crop Top & Pants Set, $36, Forever 21SHOP HEREThrowing a blazer over a sweatshirt transforms a comfy classic to a crazy chic outfit. Paired with jeans, heels, and a pulled-back bun, your casual fit just got a whole lot cooler.What you'll need: Logo Pullover Hoodie, $31, ChampionSHOP NOWThis is volume to the tenth degree. A puffer jacket has become a statement of colder weather and honestly, the bigger the better. What you'll need: Chevron Puffer Jacket, $79, ASOSSHOP HEREMajor glitz isn't just for parties anymore. Grab a leather jacket and a stacked bootie to bring the look down a notch (if that's what you're feeling).What you'll need: Time To Shine Slip Dress, $38, Free PeopleSHOP HEREThese bags would win the high school superlative for "Most Unique" in a heartbeat. Tack one onto any fall outfit to make the whole look feel fresh. What you'll need: Sweetheart Pouch, $58, Susan AlexandraSHOP HERE2018 was the year of the sherpa jacket. 2019 will bring brighter colors and trendier styles. This fluffy, bear-like jacket is a fall must. Throw it over a summer dress or layer up with a turtleneck and bell bottoms. What you'll need: Fluffy Zip Up Winter Teddy Coat, $30, ZafulSHOP HERE		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Slay the summer. Say hello to the most timeless swimwear silhouette: the high-waisted swimsuit! High-waisted two-pieces are comfy and effortlessly cool. Rock this suit if you want to play around by the pool or lay out on the beach without your butt crack accidentally making it into all of your bestie's Instagrams. High-waisted swimsuits are great if you're on your period at the beach and want to feel a little more covered up while still slaying the sand in your go-to tankini. And you'll see all your fave celebs rocking this suit style (Rihanna and Alexa Chung are known for some super cute high-waisted swimwear looks). Shopping and inspo ahead, fam!This chic graphic set will surely make you stand out from the crowd. Note that the top and bottom are sold as separates so feel free to mix and match. Rainbow fever is here to stay! Loving the thin vertical lines that add a subtle pop of color.I just want to live in this suit all summer long. The cap sleeve crop is perfect to pair with shorts. Note that the swimsuit top and bottom can easily be adjustable for a perfect fit every time.This high-waisted, high-cut-leg swimsuit is a great addition to your bathing suit collection. The leopard print is a new neutral to add to your closet.  Note: If you're not a fan of a strapless bikini, this one shoulder suit is a good option. This suit is tie dye for. Get your beach groove on with this high-waisted suit that will surely be all over your Insta once the summer is over.Everyone needs a little black bikini. This high-waisted suit is perfect for every occasion, and the halter neck is great for full busts. How chic and flirty is this swimsuit? I love the ruffle detail on the suit. Pair this with some cat eye sunnies for a totally mod look.Looking for a white high-waisted swimsuit? We've got you covered. This criss cross bandeau top is too cute for words.For the minimalist who is looking for simple silhouette, this low-key suit is the stuff of dreams.Also, don't you just love this seafoam green color?Pair this flirty, off the shoulder top with a of high-waisted skirt or jeans for a cute 'fit on a hot summer night.If you're into neutral colors but love to be on trend, this is your suit! You can never go wrong with a bustier top that really supports you. Pair with a puka shell anklet and get ready to slay in the surf.This cool color block high waisted suit is perfect for the one who loves to stand out from the crowd. The scoop neck top is super cute and the thin straps are totally on-trend.Swim trend alert: belted swimwear! How chic does this look?Nothing says summer like a tropical print! Whether you're a beach bum or a super surfer, this suit looks cute while giving you full coverage.This chic chain and floral suit is perfect for the fashionista, especially if you are a fan of Versace. If you know, you know.Don't you just love a good lace up suit? Lace ups are great because they give you the opportunity to adjust everything so that you can stay comfy all day long.This totally retro swimsuit is on-point. This timeless print is spot on, too.Are you crazy for cut-outs? Then this is the perfect swimsuit for you!Don't be afraid to mix and match your favorites prints. Don't you just love this combo of the high-waisted green polka dots with a lemon stripe print? I know I do.This timeless high waisted silhouette looks great in every print. If you have retro fever, this vintage floral print is just right.Peak a boo... I just love the small cut-out detail in this high-waisted bottom. The yellow color is vibrant and totally on-trend with this year's color palette.This timeless and iconic print looks amazing on every silhouette. This high waisted bottom with cute ties is great for a fun beach date.This flirty off-the-shoulder bustier top is so fun! Wear this on your next vacay.I truly can't get enough of this 80's leaf retro print. Pair the crop with white high waisted shorts and a scrunchie.This neoprene high-waisted bottom suit is perfect for all the active beach-goers, especially surfers. The zipper detail is just the right amount of sporty. Fun fact: this swimsuit is made of recycled materials!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Did someone slip me Felix Felicis? Because this is the best day of my life. God is real! And his name is Albus Dumbledore. How do I know? Well, because my prayers have just been conjured into solid reality and it's nothing short of magic. Vans has teamed up with Warner Bros. to drop an entire Harry Potter Vans collection. Yep, my favorite shoe brand (former emo kid here! 🙋) and my favorite movies/books have launched what is without a doubt the most epic sneaker launch of all time.Vans announced the thrilling news completely out of the blue – zero warning, just a surprise post on their Instagram feed that about knocked me off my chair.  Gryffindor, Slytherin, Ravenclaw, or Hufflepuff? The Vans x Harry Potter collection has arrived: vans.com/harrypotterA post shared by  vans (@vans) on Jun 6, 2019 at 9:09pm PDTThe collection reps all four Hogwarts Houses – Ravenclaw, Hufflepuff, Gryffindor, and Slytherin. Gryffindor gets a Sk8-Hi printed with the iconic House stripes and crest, Ravenclaw gets a checkered Authentic in silver and blue, Hufflepuff gets a black canvas Slip-On with a badger on it, and the Slytherin House design is a two-tone snakeskin sneaker in green and black. They didn't stop the magic there, though. Instead of just releasing a once-in-a-lifetime shoe drop, Harry Potter x Vans is serving us a full line of T-shirts, backpacks, socks, hats, jackets, sandals, and sneakers, all with Big HP Energy. And like the many hidden passageways of Hogwarts, the line has a ton of secret hidden messages you probably didn't notice the first time you looked. Like these platforms that have Morsmordre (the spell to conjure the Dark Mark) written on the side in glow-in-the-dark letters. Or these Golden Snitch Old Skools with I Open At the Close inscribed on the heel.Alright, that's enough talk for now. Let's get down to shopping. Scroll ahead to shop my favorites or click here to check out the full collection.     Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Beat the summer heat in these mini shirts.With temperatures rising, hemlines (on your tops) are rising too. That's right, fam. It's crop top season and we're not mad about it. If you're feeling overwhelmed by what to wear this summer, check out these crazy cute crop top outfit ideas inspired by your favorite stylish celebs. Would you raid Selena Gomez's closet if you could? Do you strive to be as stylish as Iskra Lawrence? Well, read on to see and shop all your fave new summer looks. Cropped tops are the cure for your wardrobe rut when trying to beat the heat. From beach-ready vibes to date night looks, we have every occasion covered with these cute, flirty styles that you're sure to love.Bella Hadid is always style goals, but this ballerina reference takes home the award for effortless elegance. The nude color palette (which even extends to her makeup) compliments the sheer crop top. Try this for date night as it has an extra flirty hint to it.What you'll need: Alo Yoga Cropped wrap top, $70, netaporter.comShop NowWho says you can't wear your workout clothes all day? Gigi schools us on how to take your fitness looks from the gym to your squad hang with this cute AF 'fit. Add layers to the look by wearing a longer sports bra under the cropped tee. What you'll need:  BCBGeneration Ribbed-Knit Cropped Top, $28.80, macys.comShop Now A crop top and jeans can be easy,  but sometimes it actually can be tricky to pull off. Ashley Graham knows how to rock a crop top by pairing fitted black skinny jeans with a looser fitting top. Take notes from Ashley and play with proportions when creating your look to get the vibe you're going for.What you'll need: Lioness Upper East top, $59, shopbop.com Shop Now Don't be afraid to make a statement with your cropped top. Opt for a printed or embellished top and pair it with a solid bottom like Aparna did.  Balance is key for pulling this look off. What you'll need:  Tiare Hawaii Star Print Crop Top, $65.00, saksfifthavenue.comShop NowStepping out in a matching co-ord set will  guarantee compliments will come your way. Let this easy option do the heavy lifting of styling itself for you.  Selena Gomez has been spotted in a few cropped tops lately, so sit back and follow her lead. What you'll need: Porcelain Print Puff Sleeve Crop, $15, boohoo.com Shop NowThis unconventional marriage of pretty and sporty  works perfectly for this cropped polo and full skirt moment. Take notes from Issa's  effortless and cool look by staying in the same print, color or fabric family to pull the look together. Choose footwear based off your mood — sneakers or pumps can work for this look.What you'll need: Camel Short Sleeve Zip Polo, $25, us.topshop.comShop NowThis look  is meant for those who categorize themselves as a "hype bae." Try a baggy jean and sneakers for a more comfy look like Justine's.What you'll need: Tavik Swimwear Weller Top,  $65, revolve.comShop NowThis cropped top and midi skirt combo highlights your inner ballerina. Opt for soft colors, volume and  hints of tulle or in honor of this ballet reference. Do like Elle did and add feather accessories to take this to the next level. What you'll need: Alice McCall Bluesy Cropped top, $75, shopbop.comShop NowCrop tops and suiting were made for each other. This pairing is the best option when you want to give your classic black suit a fresh update. Pair with a simple strappy pump to achieve Lori Harvey's casual red carpet slay. What you'll need: Tiger Mist Snake Print Bandeau Top, $79 nordstrom.comShop NowBebe Rexha in her cropped top and leggings  is cozy and cute goals. Pair a cropped top with leggings and sneakers when you are on the go running errands but still want to keep it cute just in case you run into the paparazzi. Add a pair of oversized sunnies if you still feel like hiding away.What you'll need:  FARM Rio Tie Front Crop Top, $80.00 Shopbop.com  Shop NowA white cropped top is the new tee shirt. Pair it with sneakers and a skirt to complete this casual look. Be bold and mix prints with texture like Paloma did to stand out.  Use jewelry to add the finishing touches to this look. What you'll need:  Off-Shoulder Long Sleeve Crop Top, $15.99 amazon.com Shop NowWear a swimsuit as a crop top for the perfect bandeau. Jordyn's sparkly blazer elevates these basics, making them ready for a night out. Follow her lead and add sparkle to EVERYTHING! What you'll need: Calzedonia Bandeau Bikini Top,  $40.00 us.calzedonia.comShop Now  Cali carefree style is easy to achieve when you keep it simple. A denim jacket and a clean white tank is all you need. Kalani makes this look super sweet with this bubblegum skirt.What you'll need: Superdown Snap Front Crop Top, $34 revolve.com Shop NowPair a sequin cropped top with a long boho skirt to dress it up. Instantly make this skirt feel fancy AF like Ava Dash did here. A little sequin goes a long way!What you'll need: White Sequin crop Top, $32, prettylittlething.usShop Now When in doubt, put on head-to-toe black. Kelly Gale takes on downtown style with casual jeans shorts and a cropped sweater. Even the pup next to her got the all black memo.What you'll need: Hanes X Karla The Cropped Sweatshirt, $80 revolve.comShop NowNeon is one trend this season that has everyone lighting up! Be bright like Jeanine Mason in this electric pink look. Try a high waist short with your cropped top when you are feeling like you want to show both leg and midriff.What you'll need: Neon Cropped Cami & Mini Skirt Set, $22 F21.comShop NowChloe Sevigny rocks jeans and a crisp white button up, which is a timeless look. The bare midriff puts an updated spin on this classic, and the Chanel-esque pumps and pop of red lipstick makes it all come together.What you'll need: Alexis Niksa top, $99. farfetch.comSHOP NOW Denim on denim is a favorite that everyone loves, but Iskra puts a new spin on it. Her off-white look feels fresh and ready for summer. Let your cropped denim jacket do all the work and act as a top for you. What you'll need: Pink Acid Wash Cropped Denim Jacket, $40 topshop.comShop Now		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The video is so sweet.In case you haven't already sent in your application to be Kylie Jenner's new best friend following her "divorce" from Jordyn Woods, I'd submit that app pronto, cause y'all it pays to be in Kylie's clique.  Apart from the millions of followers you get just from being within the glow of her fabulous aura, Kylie is also a very generous gifter. For her longtime makeup artist Ariel Tejada's 24th birthday, she gave him the most extravagant gift anyone has likely given the person who blends their eyeshadow: a massive diamond ring. Oh, and a surprise party to go along with it.I mean, just watch this video of Ariel literally sobbing while he opened the tiny box.  Kylie got Ariel a ring from @xivkarats he’s been wanting! Listen to how she thought of this idea. She said “I’m always listening” 😂💙💛A post shared by  Kylie Jenner News (@kyliesnapchat) on May 29, 2019 at 11:22pm PDTOn a friend's Snapchat story, Kylie shared that after Ariel (aka @makeupbyariel) told her he'd been coveting the ring for months, she called the jewelry store and bought it for him in secret."I’m always listening and he told me when we were doing glam he said, 'Oh my god I just went back again. I saw this ring at XIV Karats. I’m so obsessed,'" Kylie said. "And I was just like on my phone acting like I wasn’t listening and I’m like, 'Oh really cool.' And then I called XIV Karats after and I’m like, 'What ring is Ariel looking at? What does he want?'"Along with the knuckle full of diamonds, Kylie also included a heartfelt note signed by her and baby Stormi. "Ariel, What a special soul you are thank you for being you," the note reads. "You are the bestest friend anyone could ask for. The world needs more of you. xo Kylie & Stormi."The morning after, Ariel went on his Instagram Stories to give Kylie yet another shout out. "To Kylie, I literally have no words for you, like the amount of love that I felt last night was beyond [what] words could ever describe. And to think that you went out of your way to think like that for me was just so f*cking cute. I love you with all my heart," Ariel gushed.  "Can we just talk about this ring that’s on my finger?," he continued. "I’ve been looking at this for the past six months I would go in literally probably twice a month to XIV Karats and stare at this ring in hopes that I could get it for myself and I just mentioned it once around her and clearly she had already bought it."I've said it before, but Kylie, if you need a new bff – I'm available. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			These shoes are so major.Summer is here and white heels are in! Whether you’re down to strut in a kitten, block or stiletto heel, or slay in a pair of cute boots, there's definitely a white shoe that’s perfect for you. The best part about white heels is that they actually go with every single outfit (they're just as versatile as black pumps!). Turn heads by pairing white boots with a summer dress, or keep it on the casual side by rocking a low-heeled mule with ripped jean shorts and a tank. Keep scrolling for all the inspo on how to rock different kinds of white heels this summer...These heels are super chic, and you can easily dress your outfit up or down. Thicker heels are more supportive than thin stilettos, so you'll be able to walk all day long in them. SHOP NOW Pair a simple white pump with a statement pant or skirt to take it to the next level. Extra points if you match a hair accessory to tie it all together! SHOP NOWA soft colored romper is a MUST this summer. Add these buckled booties to give your outfit a little edge.  SHOP NOW Looking for a fancier shoe but don't want to wear a thin heel? If yes, then these pumps are a must. SHOP NOWThese slingback heels are perfect for your next grad party.  SHOP NOWSmall straps can go a long way. A strappy heel gives your outfit a little pop. SHOP NOWWestern chic is HOT this summer. Accessorize your favorite dress with a western buckle belt and a fun pair of cowgirl boots. Yee-haw!SHOP NOWThese wedges come with a removable scarf for the ankle strap, so basically you just got 2 shoes in 1. SHOP NOWDon't be afraid to wear your boots in the summer, too! Go white on white for a night look that'll receive all the compliments (and show off your summer glow!).SHOP NOW These intricate sandals will steal the show this summer. Pair with a studded bag to elevate your outfit from sweet to sassy. SHOP NOWThese clear mules are the subtle statement you need in your wardrobe. Keep it casual with jeans and a tee. Add a colored scarf to your pony for a pop of color. SHOP NOWLet the outfit do the talking with these ankle strap sandals. No need for loud shoes when your outfit speaks for itself. SHOP NOWSofia Richie looks effortlessly cool in these heels. Dress up your jeans and tank with a high heel for a casual and cute look. SHOP NOWA plain white boot with a twist! A fun heel on a white boot adds a pop to your look. SHOP NOWThese classic white heels will be your new party shoe, and not just for summer! SHOP NOW		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Start planning your outfits now. It's time to crawl out from beneath that pile of chunky knits and puffer jackets you call a winter wardrobe and embrace springtime fashion. Now that the air outside doesn't actively hurt your face, you can officially bring your beloved skirt suits, cardigans, and mini dresses out of hibernation and into that fresh spring light. Here are some of the coolest, most inspiring spring outfit ideas and fashion trends you'll want to screenshot and copy later.Along with basically every other '80s trend, puff sleeves are in the middle of a massive resurgence (as you've probably already surmised from your Insta feed). Aimee Song made the detail feel brand new by wearing just one sleeve off-the-shoulder – a style secret you should definitely steal.What you'll need: Ruffle Trim Lantern Sleeve Swiss Dot Top, $17, SheinSHOP NOWAfter four solid months of nothing but blazers and turtlenecks, you're probably sick of your most trusted dressy pieces. Keep that same professional energy for spring with a pastel blouse-trouser set that mimics a sleek suit. Wear with sneakers for a shot of chillness.What you'll need: Light Pink Tapered Trouser, $18, BoohooSHOP HEREThere's nothing in the fashion world I stan harder than femmes unashamedly showing off their bras. If you don't feel comfortable walking around in a bustier a la Khloe Kardashian, give Hayley Kiyoko's styling trick a try. She layered a structured strapless dress over a little lingerie top, over a graphic. What you'll need: Savanah Square Trim Corset Dress, $66, superdownSHOP NOWTis the season of bright-white denim! Throw on some sunnies to protect your eyes from the glare off of your pants, jacket, shoes, socks. Then finish with a splash of tie dye, just for that necessary dose of spring color. What you'll need: Sade Crystal Crop Tank, $145, Frankie BSHOP NOWNot everything in the '90s was Posh Spice and grunge. Selena's button-up midi/oversized knitwear serves up sweet-girl vibes that still feel authentically 1999.What you'll need: Floral Midi Dress With Button Detail, $28, ASOSSHOP HEREA bright springtime color will make your profesh set pop. Pair it with neutral details to bring the outfit down a notch or add on even more color to truly embrace the spring aesthetic. What you'll need: Pink Longline Blazer, $45, Pretty Little ThingSHOP NOWSkip the played-out pastels, instead try a mix of electric primary hues. Cobalt blues, crimson reds, and canary yellows will go perfectly with those white sneakers you missed so dearly during the winter months. What you'll need: Striped Sweater Dress, $69, Urban OutfittersSHOP HEREFor some reason warm weather brings out the girly girl in all of us. Suddenly you find yourself buying ruffled crop tops and mirrored heels. Add white pants and you've got a whole look. What you'll need: Ivory Ruffle Crop Top, $32, TobiSHOP NOWIf you didn't wear a floral dress and cardigan, did spring even happen? (Answer: no.) Copy this Betty-inspired look with sneakers for a toned-down fit you can wear to class. What you'll need: White Floral Smocked Dress, $57, Lulu'sSHOP NOWIf you've learned anything from the Kardashian/Jenners Instagram accounts, it's that neon is IT, hunny. A full suit in highlighter hues would be a major overkill, but a cropped short suit is just the right amount of extra.What you'll need: Satin Double Breasted Blazer, $43, BoohooSHOP NOWYou don't have to trade in your reds for watercolor hues just because the weather is no longer sub-zero. Just add light wash denim and ample amounts of white to balance out the rich saturation. What you'll need: Red Sock Boots, $55, H&MSHOP HEREAri is a whole mood for spring. As soon as that warm weather hits, you'll be living in oversized sweatshirts, over-the-knee boots, and PVC accessories.What you'll need: "God Is A Woman" Crewneck Sweater, $60, Ariana Grande ShopSHOP NOWAthleisure is appropriate for every season, but the colorful geometric print makes this co-ord set feel so spring. Jordyn added punky combat boots and a cross-body fanny pack for a little edge. What you'll need: Off-the-Shoulder Rainbow Originals Top, $22, AdidasSHOP HEREFeel the sun on your navel once more when you try Bella Hadid's ultra trendy sweater hack. Fasten one or two buttons too add an edgy twist to a closet staple that would otherwise scream "soccer mom." What you'll need: Lavender Chunky Knit Cardigan, $8, Charlotte RusseSHOP HEREIf you don't style it the right way, a buttoned midi dress can look borderline grandma. Whatever you do, do not add a cardigan. Instead, keep those shoulders bare and stack on trending accessories. Square toe boots (or those '90s strappy sandals) and a micro bag transform the matronly silhouette into a full-on lewk. What you'll need: Button Front Square Neck Midi Dress, $80, ExpressSHOP NOWYou wore these khaki pants basically all winter long. If you're not over the utilitarian look yet, pair them up with a simple white crop and matching shoes for warm weather.  What you'll need: Cobain Khaki Pants, $109, I Am GiaSHOP HERENot into vibrant colors? Take your all-neutral wardrobe into warmer weather by piling on taupes, whites, grays, and browns. What you'll need: Gray Sleeveless Turtleneck, $20, Free PeopleSHOP NOW		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's getting hot out there. These pro tips will help you prevent the heat and humidity from cramping your style.Yeah, sundresses and short shorts look cute and all, but when they come with thigh chafing and a perpetual wedgie, it really makes you just want to stay inside wearing sweats. Seriously, I've been there – and I've figured out how to beat it.I've figured out the very best ways to stop all the most annoying dressing-for-summer problems and the cutest clothes that will help you do it (from plus size clothing brands that won't make you look mom.com). Keep scrolling for the most genius outfit hacks for curvy girls. One of the worst parts of summer: underboob sweat. Drain the boob swamp for good with just a little antiperspirant. Spray a little under your boobs to help reduce sweat. If even the strongest deo can't control your boob perspiration – like, if it's seeping through your shirt – try this bra liner made specifically for boob sweat. The more you move, the more tank tops ride up. Stay secure all day with a fitted bodysuit. It smooths your tummy and stays put, plus it'll wick away thigh sweat.  The reason your boobs are spilling out of your crop top? You're probably wearing the wrong size bra. Click here for the best bras for big busts that will actually fit. Not all summer dresses are created equal. Choose breathable, natural fabrics like cotton and linen over synthetic ones like polyester, and you'll sweat a lot less. Plus, when you do sweat, your clothes won't stick to you.Baby powder, Monistat Chafing Relief Gel, and Body Glide Anti-Chafing Formula all help to combat chub rub, but you often have to reapply them throughout the day – plus, they don't always hold up in 100 degree weather. Instead, wear bike shorts under dresses and skirts on hot days. An extra lightweight layer will help keep your crotch area dry and are a lifesaver if your skirt blows up in the wind. Short shorts can be a little uncomfortable if you've been blessed in the booty department — after two steps, they ride up and basically become underwear. Cuffed boyfriend shorts that hit at your mid-thigh are on-trend and still show off your curves.When it's especially hot and humid out and you're running around outside, underarm chafing from tops can be a literal pain. A halter-cut tank lets your underarms breathe and still looks hot. Your butt can make dresses ride up in the back, so when it gets windy, you have to scramble to avoid flashing the entire world. Hi-low dresses are longer in the back so you can show some leg without showing your underwear, too.If you don't want your boobs to be out and about for dinner at grandma's, go for a lace bralette, instead of your typical cami – which will get bunched up under your clothes anyway. This version will tame your cleavage, without adding an extra full layer of clothing. Most people aren't the same size on top and bottom, which is the reason why you might have trouble finding the right swim fit. Brands like Target, Adore Me, and Swimsuits for All let you mix and match, so you can snag tops and bottoms in different sizes and styles. Get a higher-cut bottom and a triangle top, or tie string bottoms with an underwire top – you can mix and match until you find the perfect combo for your body.Don't stress if you "ruin" your fave pair of jeans from your thighs rubbing together and tearing away at the fabric. Chafing gets worse in the summer due to sweat, so be proactive: Sew a patch on the inside of your jeans where the fabric usually rips to create an extra layer of protection. Even if they do eventually start to rip, you won't have to worry because you'll already have a patch underneath. Rings that felt totally fine when you put them on in the morning can get super tight as the day goes on and temps heat up because your fingers swell. Shop for adjustable rings that either stretch or have a gap in the band that you can adjust so they'll fit comfortably all day long. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			When clothes turn against you...As graceful and flawless as celebs come off at all times, sometimes their high fashion clothes turn against them. And it actually happens way more often than you think. Check out these crazy celebrity wardrobe mishaps and see for yourself!This is a fail that's probably happened to everyone, except Kourtney caught hers on camera. While partying it up at Kylie's skincare line launch party, Kourtney decided to take a cute pic with her friend, Stephanie Shepherd. At first glance, the picture looks like just another Instagrammable moment. But if you look closer, you'll see Kourtney caught her wardrobe malfunction before we did because she put a heart emoji over a spot where her underwear is apparently showing. A cute pic is a cute pic, though, so Kourtney didn't let that underwear flash ruin her picture. Emoji to the rescue, once again. The Riverdale star shared a tragic photo of her defeated pants on Instagram. Apparently even the momest of mom jeans are no match for that Brazilian butt. RIP, indeed.Gigi strutted the 2016 Victoria's Secret Fashion Show cat walk in a sexy, strappy bra and panty combination with so much confidence that barely anyone noticed she was in the throes of a wardrobe malfunction.  If you look closely, you can see that one of the straps across Gigi's abs totally snapped!Cut-outs are awesome — but not when they show off your Spanx! Sarah's Spanx had a mind of their own on the 2017 Emmys red carpet.Hailee looked absolutely stunning on the 2017 Oscars red carper in a sheer, floral floor-length gown. The question is: Did she notice the tear in her bust?Bella's Alexandre Vauthier couture catwalk floor-length gown was such a troublemaker. The supermodel narrowly avoided her private area being exposed by elegantly holding the top of the major slit in the dress. She's so gracefull that she pulled it off without a hitch!Ashley's stylist literally told her not to wear gel petals under her black shirt to the Mothers Day premiere circa 2016, but Ash decided to take the chance and immediately regretted it when she saw the red carpet pics."I literally saw the pictures on Twitter start coming up, and I literally started laughing," she told Yahoo! TV about the fashion mess up. "I was like, 'Of course this would happen to me!' Like, of course. But it's just one of those things that you have to laugh at. It's so ridiculous."Chloe wasn't going to let a little tear in her gorge velvet dress stop her from signing autographs after her appearance on Whatch What Happens Live!Wearing thigh-high lace-up boots is definitely risky, but Kendall was up to the challenge. Sadly, the boots began to unravel right in the middle of her red carpet strut and she had to stop and lace up  again right then and there!Zendaya is as graceful as a swan, even when she's literally on the verge of collapsing apparently! The Spider-Man star was walking the 2016 Radio Disney Music Awards red carpet in a pair of six inch heels, which could have been disastrous. "Rumor has it that he said he did not design the shoes to be worn outside," Z's stylist told Footwear News about the incident. "Literally eight minutes into the walk to the carpet, I was holding her up because her legs were buckling."But Zendaya is such a pro that the second she hit the carpet, it was like her legs got a second life. "She got to the carpet — and you'd never know — she did the carpet and she walked off," Law shared.Lili had to smile through her blue carpet blunder at the 2017 Teen Choice Awards. "The waist-band of my dress was held together by two strings and one of them completely ripped as I was being zipped up," Lili recounted on Twitter. "So after dealing with that s*** show and having one of my bffs @taylrfostr stitch me back together in 10 minutes, I was thrilled to be there." We know the feeling, Lili!Trust Bella when she says you should ALWAYS give your outfits the flash photgraphy test. She knows from experience what can happen when you don't. "On the carpet there was one time I was wearing green shorts, a white shirt and a cute black bra underneath with a green jacket," she spilled to E! News. "I wanted the bra to be cute and just-noticeable, but the camera flashed and it was the only thing you saw I was like, 'oh no, this looks terrible!'"Emma's entire sleeve turned against her at the red carpet premiere of her movie The Blackcoat’s Daughter earlier this year. “My sleeve almost fell off and completely exposed my body!" she told PeopleStyle.Chrissy is the type of celeb who thinks the best way of dealing with a wardrobe malfunction is to laugh about it!When Beyonce's leotard tore at the exact place that risked exposing her crotch during a live performance of "Halo," you know what she did? WHAT DO YOU THINK?! She held her leotard together with her hand and continued her epic performance without missing the beat. She's Queen Bey! What did you expect?It's no wonder Queen Bey reacted flawlessly to her recent wardrobe malfunction considering dealing with fussy wardrobe is nothing new to the veteran performer. She must have learned her lesson about wearing wind resistant clothing at shows during her performance in times Square in 2011.Wind is definitely not your friend. A little gust almost sent Elizabeth Olson's skirt flying at a photo call, but she caught her skirt and held it down by hand. Total Marilyn Monroe moment.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Twinning is winning.Cute couple outfits are a fun way to get creative and show your affection for one another while staking claim to your cutie. But it doesn’t always have to be obvious and you don’t have to look like you’re wearing a Halloween costume. There are plenty of ways to match your look with your significant other’s rather than just a custom printed t-shirt with your names emblazoned on the back. From matching tees to unisex clothing and accessories to creating coordinating looks, we've rounded up awesome and hilarious couple outfit ideas for you and BAE to twin for the win.Have a cause you and bae both care or are passionate about? Show your support by rocking matching embroidered tees. When you purchase this shirt, 25% of proceeds will be donated to LGBTQ advocacy group  GLAAD. Gimme a pizza that! Let them know they're your favorite slice by proclaiming your love with coordinating pizza shirts. It doesn't get cheesier than this. Double trouble? Up to no good? Who better to rock these Harry Potter-inspired tees than you and your partner in crime? You can shop more Harry Potter gifts here.There's no fun in always being good together. That's why you need a partner to help shake things up. After all, isn't love all about balance? Are the two of you the envy of the school? The couple everyone knows has been together for, like, ever? So go ahead — flaunt how long you've been together in these matching customized tees!I love you. I know. And now they know. Star Wars fans will DIE for these matching tees.There's no better pastime than to Netflix and Chill with your babe. So surprise them with a matching tee on your next binge date to make it more special than just another night in. They'll appreciate you trying. With summer quickly approaching, a fun matching set with your S.O. is something you never knew you needed... until now. The all-over fruit print is kitschy, but in the best possible way 'cause sometimes, love can make you go bananas! Plus, yellow is totally the color of the season.Couples who prefer not to announce their relationship so boldly can try simple coordinating looks like this one here. A contrast stitch jumpsuit pairs perfectly with these black skater jeans. The looks are so minimal, that if you said you didn't mean to twin, we'd believe you.Matching couple outfits don't always have to be cheesy! It can actually look pretty chic when done right. Take a page from this duo's twinning look, which is perfect for summer parties or events. Can you say #couplegoals? Go extra smooth and let your companion know just how nuts you are for them in these matching PB&J shirts. They'll be jelly they didn't think of it first. These Old Skool kicks are the perfect unisex shoe to wear with bae. They're fashionable, yet somehow never go out of style.Never gonna give you up! Never gonna let you down! Never gonna run around and desert youuu! Another way to match without really matching is to find the same print in two different styles. This tie-dye tee is on trend and pairs flawlessly with this sweater. It's totally to dye for, amiright? They say distance makes the heart grow fonder, but it definitely isn't easy! For you long-distance-lovers, this bracelet set is a genius way to enable you to send love to your partner and show them that you are thinking of them any time of day. By touching one, the other will light up and vibrate via a downloaded app. How cool is that?A coordinating look like this one is sure to let others know you're off the market and happily taken! An added bonus? You both can wear your plaid separates, well, separately. Be the yin to their yang in these black or white Air Force 1s. They're an easy way to match your bae without being too matchy-matchy. The ideal shoe for minimalist couples. We're loving these coordinating satin pajama sets! They're a quiet yet fashionable way to match your sweetheart. And you can totally get away with wearing these to class.Are you really a couple if you can't be weird together? These cheeky corresponding graphic tees are great for those who love laughing together. Or at each other. Are you the Hermione to their Ron? Then let them know! And let everyone else know who your one true mate is with these coordinating Harry Potter tank tops. Go subtle by matching your love with a simple striped tee. By styling it with white separates, you'll achieve this totally sweet and preppy look. Plus, white shorts can make the perfect summer outfit. For diehard football fans, a sports jersey is an excellent way to match your cutie without really trying.  It's a surprisingly versatile piece that can be worn and styled in many ways making it totally normal to wear outside of a stadium.Rock out with your guac out by carrying matching avocado keychains with your partner. Clip these to an outer zipper on your backpack as a fun accessory and to show you're off the market. Now everyone will know who your avocuddle buddy is. Love making each other laugh? Then these T-rex tees are right up your alley! They're funny and sweet and perfect for lovebirds. Who really has more fun? JK! These tanks may be obvious, but we think it's actually a pretty creative way to match your partner. It's also a cute look to twin in whether you're at the gym or at school. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Get ready to shop!  Midi skirts are a hybrid between a mini and a maxi skirt in that the hemline falls between your knees and ankles. This silhouette looks so cute on all body types and it's perfect for when you want to have your legs out just enough without going into full-blown mini territory. The midi skirt is so versatile and should definitely be a closet staple. Dress it down with a t-shirt and denim jacket or go out for dinner with a chic crop top and a pair of heels. You can totally rock midi skirts year round: They slay with tights and sandals (Memorial Day look, anyone?) alike. From silk to sequin, tulle to cotton and even denim, there are so many types and ways to wear this kind of skirt for any occasion. Check out these crazy cute styles we rounded up below! Don't be afraid to mix and match pieces that seemingly don't go together. This chic silky skirt and colorful blazer together are a perfect example of how a daring ensemble can work in your favor. Just be authentic and let the magic happen. What you'll need: Topshop Sage Satin Skirt, $55 us.topshop.comShop NowRock a tulle skirt to effortlessly bring out the princess in you. It's classically French and feminine, and add a sheer touch to give it some edge. Pair with ankle wrapped ballet shoes and top with a clean bun. Voila! What you'll need: Chicwish Tulle Skirt, $45 chicwish.comShop NowColor blocking will never go out of style, and Gemma confirms this. Solid colors create a defining, sophisticated look perfect for any occasion. Dress down a classic pink midi with some pristine white sneakers, and you'll be the trendiest girl in town. What you'll need: Boohoo Midi Skirt, $15 us.boohoo.com Shop NowFashion is all about making a statement and this crochet midi skirt says it all. It's bold, eclectic, loud, and ready to be seen. Wear as is for the perfect beach outfit, or pair with shorts or a slip for a classy outing with the girls. What you'll need: Forever 21 Crochet Midi Skirt, $35 forever21.comShop NowThere are times when we're just feeling extra. If you're looking for something to showcase your wild side, accessorizing with feathers will do the job. The feathered look is totally on trend, and this midi skirt captures perfectly how much you can't be tamed. What you'll need: Aierwen Feather Skirt, $25.99 amazon.com Shop NowDabble in nude colors for a soft and delicate look. This weightless skirt will help you charm your way through anything, because not only will you be looking like a snack, but also an enchanting ballerina. Try a nude bodysuit with the skirt and finish off with a braided ponytail and a simple headband. What you'll need: Asos Pleated Midi Skirt, $45 us.asos.com Shop NowScarf prints are not just for scarves or bags. This look has been trending for a while, and it's time to hop on the bandwagon if you haven't already. This skirt is beautiful on its own, but try pairing with a matching top to really make a statement. What you'll need: Shein Print Pleated Skirt, $24 us.shein.com Shop NowElle Fanning looks classy AF and so does this all white outfit. If you're ever out of ideas, monochrome is always a great way to look effortlessly chic. Pair this skirt with a cute top, call it a day, and you're ready for the runway. What you'll need: White Mark Flared Skirt, $29.99 jcpenny.com Shop NowI am all about comfortable clothing, especially if I can look chic while carrying a food baby incognito. This poofy skirt is so precious and cinches at the waist. Give it a go!What you'll need: Closet London Midi Skirt, $53  us.asos.com Shop NowFashion is evolving and these days, designers can acquire inspiration from anywhere... even wallpaper. Selena is rocking this gorgeous skirt with wallpaper inspired detailing and she looks classy as ever. Try this out for a relaxed, summer vibe.What you'll need:  New York & Company Blue Floral Skirt, $79.95 nyandcompany.com Shop NowYara is always on point! Go for a quirky printed midi skirt with a utility style crop top. And pair with a simple heel or sneakers.  What you'll need: Unique Vintage Pleated High Waist Skirt, $48 unique-vintage.comShop NowShine bright like a diamond, or at least sparkle with some sequins. The length of this midi skirt balances out the dramatic sequins and is great for either going out or everyday. Dress up with heels or  make it casual with white sneakers! What you'll need: Topshop Sequin Midi Skirt, $40 us.topshop.com Shop NowThis asymmetrical skirt gives the illusion of elongated legs while the pop of color really makes a statement.What you'll need: Mango Asymmetric midi skirt, $49.99 shop.mango.com Shop NowEveryone likes a good deal. This silk dress moonlights as a midi skirt, depending on what you're in the mood for. Throw on a cozy sweater and transform this look into something completely different. What you'll need:Lilysilk Cami Dress, $89.99 lilysilk.com Shop NowAll white outfit is the easiest summer outfit. And you'll look so angelic! Try a front button midi skirt with a poofy crop top and slick back hair.  What you'll need: Urban Outiftters Button-Front Midi Skirt, $64 urbanoutiftters.com Shop NowLeopard is fierce and fierce is always in. Animal prints make a great statement, and match with an equally bold pair of heels! What you'll need: Eloquii Leopard Midi Skirt, $59.95 eloquii.com Shop NowThe bronze goddess look is all the beauty rage during the summer, and it can easily translate to the fashion scene. This glittery copper skirt will have everyone doing a double take as you strut your stuff down the cat walk. What you'll need: Forever 21 Metallic Crop Top and Midi Skirt Set, $28.99 forever21.comShop NowFashion is art and art is fashion. This outfit is minimal and abstract, and looks like it's straight out of a beautiful Mondrian painting. The skirt is simple yet thoughtful. Pair with a cute cardigan and drape with a trench coat if needed. What you'll need: Asos Multicolored Midi Skirt, $60 us.asos.com Shop Now Irene Kim is the very definition of effortless chicness. This entire outfit just makes you happy, from the vibrant yellow to the pop of pink and the mismatch shoes. Too cute! What you'll need: Zara Pleated Skirt, $39.9o zara.comShop NowWho doesn't love Jonathan?! Leather skirt, printed sweatshirt, heeled boots with a full grown beard? YES, QUEEN.  What you'll need: Outrageous Fortune Pleated Midi Skirt, $56 us.asos.com Shop NowIf you have a bold blazer or top you want to wear with printed tights, go for a muted skirt! Grey can be very chic too. The simplicity in the muted color is what makes such a statement in and of itself. What you'll need: Marks & Spencer Pleated Skirt, $44 marksandspencer.com Shop NowThis outfit gives us life! Caro wears a colorblock midi with a backless top, a very underrated style. Top this off with a combat boots for a cool girl vibe. What you'll need: Modcloth Midi Skirt, $59 modcloth.com Shop NowDenim isn't just for pants. It can be in a form of skirts, and yes even midi skirts! Try out the Canadian tuxedo style with a denim jacket. What you'll need: Zara Denim Skirt, $39.90 zara.com Shop NowThe utility trend is going strong! Especially the cargo style, which started in WWII and was then popularized during the 90s. And now it's back again! Try out a camel, beige or khaki color skirt with a fitted top and simple ballet flats. What you'll need: Vila Utility Midi Skirt $51, us.asos.com Shop NowChiara, a style icon! She's all about embracing who you are and the ever-changing trends in the fashion world. Try a floral printed skirt with an embroidered top or even a simple tee. You can finish this look off with a boho hairstyle. What you'll need: Urban Outfitters Blue Florals Midi Skirt, $69 urbanoutfitters.com Shop Now		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Stay cool while looking hot.It's here! It's here! Time to break out your sandals, get a pedicure and lather up in sunscreen. Summer brings the sunshine, long days on the beach but also (eek) the HEAT! White is a great color to incorporate in your summer wardrobe because it doesn't absorb the sunlight like darker colors, keeping your body temperature cool. Dresses are ideal in the summer to make you feel effortlessly put together. Combine them both and you've got a match made in heaven. Scroll through to see our picks for the top white summer dresses and how to accessorize them.Crochet isn't just for the beach. Try draping a leather jacket over your shoulders and slip on a cool pair of distressed combat boots to take this dress from sweet to grungy chic. I mean, they always said less is more. Use the dress as a top layer over a vibrant matching set to give it a peek-a-boo pop of color. Boy shorts and a sports bra will make this a go-to when going from Barre to brunch.Put that Amazon Prime membership to use and get this dress in STAT. Its breathable material isn't only functional, but lightweight with some stretch. Opt for a bold lip color to match a bracelet and necklace or a bold eye shadow to match the shoes. This dress is head to toe luxury without breaking the bank. This dress is an ultimate cool girl look. Get creative with hairstyles that look fun but simultaneously keep the weight of your hair off you. A cat-eye pair of sunglasses completes the look making this outfit easier than fixing your impossible tan lines.Who doesn't love a maxi dress! In the sweltering sun, dresses like this one are lifesavers. White to cool you and a flowing fabric that doesn't cling to your body — what more can you ask for? A vibrant pair of shoes are a nice surprise when your feet kick out when you're walking!This long sleeve button up is so comfy and easy to throw on those mornings when you'd rather stay in your PJs. Top it off with a bucket hat too. They're so on trend right now and come in handy when you forget to run a brush through your hair. Oh, did I mention it has pockets too??This Vineyard Vines for Target collection is something you have to check out. My favorite from this collection is their white midi dress with a ruffle neckline. Pair the belt with a matching shoe to live all your nautical dreams out loud. Now, who's up for croquet??This polo mini dress gives off major preppy vibes. A cool pair of sunnies and a pop of color belt bag can elevate the outfit from safe to savage, real quick.Swap out your LBD (little black dress) for this LWD (little white dress)! Simple with a little spunk, the cascading ruffle gives the dress dimension, while making it totally versatile. For accessories, two words: FUNKY. HEELS.Pair this jumper with your favorite tee underneath or a bodysuit. Lace-up a cool pair of kicks for your next concert or a pair of booties for Saturday night sushi with the gals.Crochet is so hot rn and you can be too in this cami dress. Swap out the braided belt it comes with for a double buckle belt to add a little edge. If you're feeling really daring, match it with a pair of cow girl boots. Yeehaw!This dress is super unique. An off the shoulder cut gives it some drama, and a ruffle is fun and playful. Since the dress features an intricate pattern, some soft, simple jewelry is all the look needs to be completed. To take the look to a new level, accessorize with a solid colored clutch and matching shoe.What's easier than a wrap dress? Literally nothing. A silk bandana wrapped like a headband or tied around the ponytail adds some character to this simple garment. Try something new and wrap the scarf once or twice around the wrist, sealed with a knot for an out of the ordinary accent. Not only are shift dresses so easy, they're beyond versatile. Top off with your favorite jacket and grab a funky bag. Zip up some thigh high boots for a night out or slip on your favorite sneakers for a quick errand. Business in the front, party in the back. This cami cut dress with wing detailing on the back requires very minimal accessories due to it's oh-so-sweet appearance. A few delicate pieces of jewelry is all that's needed for this angelic summer dress.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Slay and stay comfy.We all have black leggings, right? We wear them 24/7... to class, to the gym and beyond. Leggings are the ultimate go-to basic. But you can make them ANYTHING but by following our helpful styling tips and cues from celebs and street style influencers. Be like Kim K and wear metallics from head to toe (yes, including your leggings). Try a look like Miley Cyrus and channel your inner rocker chick with on-point tights. Not only will you look cool, but you can be comfortable, too! WIN.Gigi Hadid  rocks the classic black legging. The cropped hoodie keeps her cozy, but totally on-trend. Pair with a black platform sneaker for added athletic chicness. SHOP NOWMetallic liquid leggings will make you stand out from the crowd. They are perfect for a night out, too. Pair with a sheer blouse and tie it at the waist.SHOP NOW Sarah Hyland looks super casual while strolling in the sunshine. The oversized sweatshirt is cool falling off one shoulder. The stars & planets leggings show you don't take yourself too seriously.SHOP NOWRock a high waisted, football style lace up pant for a night out. Pair with booties to give you some height. The pop of red keeps things fun & bumps up the rocker chick vibe.SHOP NOWA silver bomber ups the cool factor on this all black look. Keep it simple from head to toe with one color and pop on an oversized jacket.SHOP NOWHailey Bieber keeps it all black from head to toe. Cami crop top? Check. High waisted leggings? Yep. Booties plus a bomber and aviator shades makes "for a don't look at me... but look at me" vibe.SHOP NOWYou totes have these two classics in your closet. First, grab a white button down — oversized is even better (borrow it from your bae) —and roll up the sleeves kinda messy. The belt bag keeps you hands free, and it can fit your phone and makeup for a day out. The heels give the basics a clean polished minimal look.SHOP NOWYou need the perfect legging to work out in too right? Show them you are a STAR in and out of the gym with a fun printed legging by model Candice Huffine! She has everyone covered in her fitness line DAY-WON. They come in a range of sizes from O - 32W!SHOP NOWThe basic black legging just got a futuristic touch. The oversized mirrored shades make her look super cool. The colorblocking of the top adds a sporty vibe. Zip to the top and push up the sleeves for added style. Pair an unexpected evening shoe and lace it up over the leggings. SHOP NOWModel Iskra Lawrence takes neutrals to next level. Pick a neutral shade that doesn't make you look naked. Pair it with a crop top and floor length duster in the same tone to look like perfection.SHOP NOWKendall Jener rocks a legging with mesh inserts. It will keep you cool in the gym and shows a peek of skin when you are out on the street. Pair with a bright pull over anorak, a mini bag, and a 'Dad' sneaker to complete your ensemble.SHOP NOWKim Kardashian never leaves the house without looking camera ready. Here, she rocks a steel grey monochromatic shiny legging and windbreaker. The white booties give it an added pop to keep things fresh. SHOP NOWLogos are everywhere. Make sure they are on your leggings, too! If you can snatch up a crop top to match, it's a total win! We also love the soft buttery yellow of this duster over the leggings. It gives an edgy look a softer touch.SHOP NOW Miley Cyrus takes mixing prints to next level. To make it a success, make sure your prints are all in the same color family. Layer them on and add a cool moto boot to complete the look.SHOP NOWBe your own "American Beauty star" when headed for a flight. Ashley Graham is not being basic and wearing pajamas like everyone else. Pair a distressed t shirt, long knit (flights can be cold!) and matching kicks to give you a sleek vibe without looking like you tried too hard.SHOP NOWThis outfit is the perfect #OOTD! Pair a graphic hoodie with your favorite cropped leggings. Then throw on a insta worthy heel in a bright color. Pop on a pair of the perfect shield sunglasses and you're camera-ready.SHOP NOW		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Long weekend, here I come. 😎Memorial Day is the official holiday of the US troops and the unofficial holiday of gingham print and hot dogs. Whether you'll be scarfing down BBQ in your own backyard or dominating beach volleyball at your best friend's lake house, your MDW plans require a cute outfit. Start your summer with a full Insta feed of fly ootds, thanks to these Memorial Day outfit ideas. For some reason, Memorial Day brings out the Spencer Hastings in all of us. Do her (and America) proud in a classic striped polo with a modern crop.You've been wearing the same gold hoops for six months straight – it's time for a fresh ear stack. These dangles will become your staple for summer 2019, thanks to the earthy shell charms.Even if your lewk is just a typical mini skirt/graphic tee situation, one single red accessory will pull the entire fit together. Keep the rest simple, cause this quirky woven bag is a whole vibe all by itself.Pump up the preppy checks with funky accessories like strappy '90s-inspired sandals. All that print can get overwhelming, though, so toss on a denim jacket to tie your MD ootd together.This hat comes with so many plus sides: it'll protect your face from the sun, works as a great Insta prop, and is under $40. Need I say more? Pool parties are basically impossible to dress for – you never know if people are actually going to swim or if you'll be the only one who shows up with no pants on. Play it safe in a one-shoulder bikini that doubles as a crop top when paired with high waisted shorties. Tie-dye is the influencer-approved way to rock red, white, and blue all at once, but without looking tacky. Invest in these match-all sneakers for MDW and wear them allll summer long. Scalloped detailing is the ultimate fashion blogger touch, especially on an Insta-worthy denim romper. If you're not into the typical prepster uniform of Memorial Day weekend, opt for cool neutrals instead. With a pair of earthy woven hoops and some denim, you'll be the chicest person at the party.Just wave a tiny American flag to add the necessary dose of patriotism to this wrap crop top.Layer funky mesh socks with a cool pair of sandals for all the dad vibes you could ever need. For anyone who really loves a theme, this red and white midi is a sure win for the day of stars and stripes. Elevate your shoe game (literally) with geometric platforms in shades of pastel. Skip the American flag T-shirt and show your pride for the troops in a red eyelet set. The all-crimson color scheme offers a bit more subtlety than your classic stars and stripes.Remember those woven hoops? This is the bag you should be wearing with them. You'll be pulling this floral skirt out of your closet for every date night, party, family vacation you have this summer. It's the perfect dressy (but not too dressy) piece.  Two years ago, it was the choker. Last summer, stacks of gold chains. This summer, everyone's going to be rocking beaded bling and these teeny cherries are straight-up screaming 'Memorial Day.'Cropped jean shorts are summer 2019's version of the bicycle short. These have a high rise cut that looks perfectly retro.You'll be in mermaid mode all weekend long – get you some shell-studded clips for the occasion.Put a chic twist on the typical MDW color scheme in an all-denim outfit. Just add on little pops of red and blue to stay low-key on theme. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Here comes the sun.Yellow is certainly the color of the season. Everyone from Rihanna to Billie Eilish has been rocking the bright hue. Pink will always have a special place in our hearts, but this change in weather has us thinking it's time for a wardrobe refresh. Add a little bit of the sunny shade to your closet with a yellow bandana or beaded bag. Or fully embrace the yellow trend with marigold plaid jumpers and sundresses. You can even layer on sheer yellow dresses and jumpsuits to create a yellow wash over your whole 'fit. Here are 14 ideas to get you started — sunny days head, fam!Channel your inner Carrie Bradshaw with this yellow tutu!What you'll need: a knee-length tutu that'll pair perfectly with the rest of your summer wardrobe. Check out this one: EllieHouse Womens Short Tutu Tulle Skirt with Sash PC06, $16, AmazonSHOP NOWStructured shape bags add a fun update to the handsfree style. What you'll need: a cross body bag that comes with two strap options, smooth yellow and sporty stripe. Check out this one: Botkier Cobble Hill Crossbody Bag, $128, ShopbopSHOP NOWNothing says summer like dots and yellow. Pair with a raffia bag for extra warm weather vibes. What you'll need: A light summery polka dot dress. SHOP NOW Sometimes a little goes a long way. A yellow belt adds a touch of the trend if you are not sure about diving all the way in. What you'll need: a wide yellow belt to go with all your summer denim. SHOP NOW If you have an internship or summer job, it's important to wear sleeves! What you'll need: a work-appropriate but still summery dress.SHOP NOWAlthough wearing a full suit might be a bit advanced, you can totally rock a printed blazer to brighten up your summer look. What you'll need: an animal printed blazer.SHOP NOWSometimes the color of the season works best in accessories. What you'll need: a yellow low-top sneaker to accent the look. SHOP NOWWhen shopping for wide leg pants, always opt for heavy weight stretch cotton. They will lie flat and look great on, especially in a bright color like yellow!What you'll need: a wide leg high waisted pant.SHOP NOWColor takes center stage with this look. Pair back to bike shorts or denim cut offs to dress down the outfit. What you'll need: a yellow blazer, size up for an oversized look. SHOP NOWA comfortable sandal is a summer essential. Bright yellow gives this staple a fun update. What you'll need: block heel strappy sandals.SHOP NOW The jumpsuit has officially entered the wardrobe of every fashion lover. For summer, a short sleeve version goes from beach to bbq!What you'll need: a yellow printed jumpsuit.SHOP NOWThis look is the perfect example of a moment to shop the boy's section. An oversized hoodie works perfectly as a dress when you size up 2x. What you'll need: a color blocked hoodie from the men's section. SHOP NOW Layered over swimwear, a sheer yellow dress brightens up any summer festival look. What you'll need: a lace and sheer maxi dress.SHOP NOWA yellow high top sneaker adds a bit of edge to an otherwise girly outfit. What you'll need: a comfy yellow high top.SHOP NOW		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Here, take all my money.  Selena Gomez's comeback is anything but regular. It seems like she hasn't taken any breaks since she re-entered the spotlight. Most recently, she slayed the red carpet at the 2019 Cannes Film Festival in a silky Louis Vuitton bra-like top and a matching skirt to premiere her new film, The Dead Don't Die. Now, she's back with another project, but this is one we can all get in on. If it wasn't enough that she blessed us with our new swimsuits for summer '19, Selena's already back and about to take over your closet again. Selena just released her second collection with athletic brand Puma, which she says is inspired by her life.  Been working hard on a new collection with my @PUMA fam. Launches today ✈️ #SGxPUMAA post shared by  Selena Gomez (@selenagomez) on May 15, 2019 at 7:58am PDTHer new collection includes a range of travel and athletic apparel including sporty clothes, sneakers and other accessories. Selena said the items features hidden messages that refer back to important things in Selena's life. "My favorite thing about it is that it gives different nods to me, to my history. The graphics show the places that hold a special piece in my heart, my birthday, my tattoos, my identity," Selena said in a press release about her collection. Some of the hidden messages include the coordinates to Selena's hometown Grand Praire, Texas, colors that pull from a photo of a sunset that she took herself and semicolons to represent the tattoo she got after producing 13 Reasons Why. The semicolon is a symbol used as a message against suicide and other mental health issues and represents choosing to start a new chapter in your life. Selena first released a collection with Puma last year, after joining as an ambassador in 2017. Her newest collection is available in stores now. You can shop the full collection here, but here's a peak at some of the items Selena helped design. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			So cute. So comfy.Keep your body temperature cool while your outfits stay super hot with these cute AF and crazy breathable woven shoes. The woven material — mixed with open silhouettes and styles — make these shoes your new go-to for those hot days ahead. Want to dress up your casual beach look? Add some espadrilles. Hoping to re-wear your white graduation dress on a date without it feeling too dressy? Opt for woven flats. There is a pair for every occasion or event you have coming up. Rock woven kicks with white shorts or some ripped denim cut-offs and you're set to slay. No matter what you throw on with these styles, you are sure to get all the likes on Insta with these OOTDs.The perfect woven heel is here! The low block heel makes it easy to walk for miles, while the double strap keeps your ankle supported. Did we mention that they're also super cute?!Need some extra height? Try these woven wedges! The fun pastel colors is just what your next summer look needs. Couldn't you see Lara Jean in these?! I'm sure Peter Kavinksy would love them.Need a going out shoe? Look no further. Yes, this may be a bootie, but the lace-up detail and open toe make it perfect for those breezy summer nights. The cream color is unique and will brighten up any look you have.The open weaving of these booties is great for those summer festivals. With a low heel and a color that will pair with any look, this shoe is sure to get a lot of wear this spring and summer.A fun color is always in style during summer. Try this bright orange hue to add a pop of color to your next outfit. Can't you just picture these cute sandals with your go-to beach look?Can’t do an arched heel and don’t want to do a flat? Well, let me introduce you to the flatform. The woven bottom and pinstripe pattern scream summer vibes. While the flat-platform keeps you comfy all night long. And they say sandals can't be classy. Rock these woven leather slides at your internship or when you're out with your friends. The sleek silhouette keeps them looking updated and modern.Looking for a little summer disco inspo? Try these woven platform wedges. The low arch will allow you to dance the night away while also looking oh-so-perfectly on-trend.Can’t pick just one color? Try a shoe that has a bunch of hues to really make a WOW statement. These slip-on shoes feature a comfort insole, making them super easy to walk in. Plus, they come in so many solid shades and patterns. WE. LOVE. OPTIONS.A cute woven oxford is exactly what your next summer brunch outfit needs! The oxford style is classic, but the woven leather makes it modern and chic.The flat style and woven detailing comes off very ~beach day~. Rock these while you're out on the sand and get that insta-worthy picture.Any color you want, they have it. These woven sneakers by M. Gemi just might be our new guilty pleasure. The endless color options and easy-to-throw-on style make them a great summer shoe option.These raffia woven slides look and feel like summer. They have comfort memory foam on the heel area of the shoe so you can walk all over with the squad without your feet hating you the next morning.The natural fabric and color of these woven raffia flats really will go with any outfit you pair with them. Wear them with denim shorts and a basic tee or with a cute summer dress for those summer brunches.In need of a fun shoe that won’t clash in color? Look no further! These have a very sexy and chic tassel detail with a stiletto heel. However, the beige and black colorway allows you to pair with any outfit you have.A wedge is a summer staple. The natural colorway will pair with any look you have planned. Whether it’s a cute sundress or casual denim shorts, these wedge sandals will certainly complete the look.A cute kitten heel is comfortable and super chic. This pair has a slingback style, making it a great choice for your next summer party.Slip on and go! These woven espadrille slides will become your go-to summer shoe. The flat style and beige colorway will have you wearing these 24/7. Plus, the bow detailing is too cute.Want to make a statement this summer? Try these metallic woven sneakers. The gold sheen will dress up a summer look while still keeping things cool and comfy.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Keep your kicks looking fresh AF.Fam, sandal season is upon us and I couldn't be happier. We can finally free our toes from hibernation!This spring, it's not just any shoes we're going for. Suede sandals are perfect for dressing up a graduation look or adding an extra finished touch to a cute ripped denim 'fit. Suede's classy texture adds a refreshing, chic dimension to any outfit. But, I'm going to be real here, taking care of suede is no easy feat. With great power (or shall I say great fashion) comes great responsibility. Cleaning suede can go awry in an instant and you can find yourself with a ruined pair of shoes and a bunch of cash that just went down the drain. But fear not! We're here to teach you tricks, tips and preemptive measures you can take so your beautiful suede shoes will last forever, or at least for a long time. Plus, you can shop some totally cute suede kicks that are sure to make it into every last one of your OOTDs this year.Be proactive! Before you take your brand new suede shoes out on the street, coat them with a protective spray — this trick is especially important if you're planning to wear them everyday instead of just for special occasions. The suede-specific water and weather repellent works as an invisible shield over the shoe so that if something were to spill on the suede, there is enough time remove the stain before it penetrates the fabric and stains permanently. Repellent spray often contains nanotechnology, meaning the particles from the spray are small enough to fill the tiny openings in the leather to prevent water from doing any damage.Always remember: Suede and water are not friends. Why? Because suede is thin, delicate leather that's been given a brushed finish, and we all know how your leather school shoes fared that one time you got locked out of the house in a downpour. If possible, avoid wearing your shoes on a rainy day so that you can keep them looking as pristine as possible.The dye used to color suede can fade super easily and quickly, since the material itself is more on the delicate side. Store your suede shoes or suede bag in a dark closet that's far away from the bathroom or anyplace that's damp, as the moisture can damage the fabric, as well. If you're carrying your suede shoes around in a gym bag after practice, be sure to place them in a cotton bag rather than a plastic one. Plastic traps moisture and if your shoes are a little steamy from a day of being walked in, extended time in a plastic bag can make them look rougher than usual.If disaster does strike (aka stains, dirt, water or all of the above make it onto your precious kicks), use a suede brush to fix the problem areas.If your shoes are wet, crumple up newspaper (or any other type of paper) and stuff it in your shoes to help the shoes maintain their shape. Then, allow your shoes to dry completely. Once dry, use this Shacke Suede Brush Cleaner with Eraser ($6.99 amazon.com) to gently brush away any discolorations. There are four specific sides to this tool: an eraser for gentle cleaning/light scuff marks, a brush for removing any loose dirt, a welt surface for heavier scuff marks/tough stains, and an arched half circle for easier cleaning on rounded corners. Repeatedly brush back and forth for the tough stains. Brushing with the natural grain of the suede will help to maintain the suede's smooth texture.  Not all stains are created equal, so be sure sure to have a strategy when it comes to getting your suede shoes clean AF. Here's a breakdown of different stains and how you should approach them:Mud Stains: This is one of the easier stains to remove. It might be tempting to immediately wipe the mud off, but this can actually do more harm than good as the mud can spread. Instead, wait until the mud dries completely before taking action. Using the flat surface of the cleaning brush, lightly scrape off the hardened dirt. Then, press down firmly and scrape off the remaining dirt.Oil Stains: Grease and oil are notoriously difficult stains. If still wet, pour generous amounts of cornstarch on the stained area (the cornstarch is supposed to absorb the oil). Let it sit overnight and then gently brush off the cornstarch. If the stain remains, spot clean with white vinegar using a toothbrush or any fine brush.Water Stains: To remove an already wet stain, blot (do not rub!) with a paper towel or a dry cloth to absorb the water. Then, leave the shoes somewhere cool to dry off —be weary of any type of heat, as this will most likely damage the suede even more. Let's face it: DIY hacks don't always get the job done, and you don't want to further damage your beautiful suede by scraping really hard or using excessive amounts of product on the fabric. It can be a bit pricy, but visiting a cobbler or other kind of shoe expert could seriously help you out here.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You've got your squad, but no one comes close to your bestie.You've got your squad, but no one comes close to your bestie, tbh. Here's our roundup of the most awesome gift ideas for her. Keep clicking through to find out where you can buy each one, at Macy's and beyond!Your bff can never have enough bags, so why not add this one to their collection? The brightly-colored tote bag is a great accessory to take almost anywhere –school, the beach, or even the grocery store. Plus, it has a really awesome message. Bite-sized cupcakes? Overdone. Marshmallows customized with your BFF selfies? Totally amazing. Make them all the same or mix-and-match with cute designs for a deliciously personalized prezzie! Chances are she's got at least one holiday-themed soiree on her calendar, so help her dress the part. A knit like this is playful and fun — perfect for ugly sweater parties and the regular ones, too. Because hellooo, pizza purse. That's all. This year, the season's most unmissable show is bringing together Five Seconds of Summer, The Weeknd, Calvin Harris and more – all in one night. Get her tickets to Z100's Jingle Ball tour, and you'll both give your Snapchat followers a serious case of FOMO.With the holidays come cold (like, really cold) weather. This plush, faux fur-accented vest will keep her feeling toasty and looking hot. For the fashion girl who knows that a night out is only as great as the heels on her feet, these snakeskin pumps are just the thing. With cute wooden detail and a comfy platform, you know she'll wear them all the time. Add awesome accessories like this flashy water bottle and watch her mood at the gym go from "ugh, do we have to?" to "let's do this!"If your pal doesn't already have one, she definitely needs one, STAT. How else will she capture all her best angles when her bathroom mirror's not around? Shimmery press-on tattoos can make you night-out-ready in a flash. But these personalized ones are on point. Get her name in script or just go with simple BFF lettering; either way, they'll stand out more than the standard swirly design. Every girl needs that perfect pair of lounge-around-the-house leggings. This adorable pair will add seasonal cheer to even the coldest of Sundays on the sofa. No messy fingers, no crumbs — just layers of happiness topped with sprinkles-filled frosting, all in a cute little mason jar. Oh hey, bestie MVP award! We believe there's no better gift than helping your girl channel her inner 'Yonce (or Marilyn!).If she's headed back to school, a gift like this will bring a smile to her face on every laundry day.Her iPhone is great for quick snaps, but when your Instagram-obsessed GF wants to make an artistic statement, you've got her covered. This lens comes with a statement flash and uses good old-fashioned 35mm film because, as she would say, #filmisnotdead!For days when she just wants to slip into flats, she'll love reaching for these loafers. Who knows — they might even give her that extra push she needs to talk up her crush! The message is spot-on.For your sweets-in-bed kinda girl, this comfy pillow is a must. It smells the part, too. Yum-my. Every now and then, a sentimental reminder of just why she's your closest confidant is necessary. This gift shows how much you appreciate her letting you be your wacky and wonderful self!Give her the gift of being both on trend and timelessly elegant this year. A statement necklace in neutral colors will be her favorite go-to to dress up her look, day or night. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Per usual, Kylie is doing the most.If you're still unclear on what this year's Met Gala theme was, it's basically just the art of doing the absolute MOST. The red carpet had more than enough instances of extra (feathers, thongs, vagina dresses, etc.), but for the after-party, "Camp" got a touch of sexxx. See how the Gala attendees amped things up for the post-event. Hint: there are a lot of wigs. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			So many beautiful booties.Every year the Met Gala is reborn with a brand new theme, but in a more literal sense, it's basically the same theme every single year: "Get As Naked As You Can, While Still Wearing an Insanely Theatrical Outfit." And for this year's red carpet, the attendees really dressed for the occasion. There were butt cut-outs, crystal-encrusted thongs, and Lady Gaga legit stripped off all her clothes and ended the night in nothing but a bra and underwear. Since I know you're just dying to see what I'm talking about, let's jump right into the most naked, bootylicious, nippletastic looks supplied by the 2019 Met Gala.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			They didn't have to go this hard for us.THEY HAVE ARRIIIIIIVED!The most dynamic duo in the entire fashion industry have finally, finally, finally (seriously, I've been waiting all night) made an appearance at the 2019 Met Gala and girl, their feathered dresses are giving Anna Wintour a run for her money. (Jk, luv u Anna.) Team Jenner walked the red carpet together, wearing coordinating mermaid gowns covered in feathers and beadwork – the unofficial, official uniform of this year's Met Gala. Kylie went for a Candy Land-meets-Marilyn Monroe type of vibe, wearing head-to-toe purple. In true Kylie fashion, the beauty mogul donned a never-before-seen lavender wig to match her feather-trimmed dress.Kendall, on the other hand, rose like a literal phoenix from the ashes. Her fiery orange gown featured a feather detail that was equal parts collar, boa, and one-shoulder arm piece. Ya, there's a lot of fashion happening here.  I think it's settled: the Best Dressed crown has been won, everyone else can go home.Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			He's rockin' the gold. Shawn Mendes looks as handsome as ever on the 2019 Met Gala red carpet (as per usual)... but there's just one thing: his hair. It looks like the "Lost In Japan" singer added gold blonde highlights to his signature brunette hair, plus slicked it back more than usual. Though the singer definitely played it pretty safe when it came to this year's theme, "Camp: Notes on Fashion," wearing a jazzy but sleek black tux, Shawn got a little adventurous with his hair. And not surprisingly, fans on Twitter have opinions.Some are TOTALLY here for it...@ShawnMendes pls keep the blonde in your hair sirSHAWN MENDES LOOKS SEXY WITH HIS HAIR PUSHED BACK #METGalaWhile others, not so much. who did shawn mendes’s hair??? i just wanna talk. #METgalaWe're not sure if it's just a temporary Met Gala thing, or if this is his new 'do. Here's to hoping we see Shawn's adorable curly brown locks again soon... The "In My Blood" singer made headlines last year when he walked the 2018 Met Gala red carpet with Hailey Baldwin. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Where's Justin, tho?Hailey Bieber is leaning all in to her new wifey title, showing up to the 2019 Met Gala dressed like the most glamorous '50s housewife you've ever laid eyes on. She attended the Gala sans her new husband Justin Bieber, but wearing all the trademark trends of a good old fashioned trophy wife. She's got the pastels, the gown, the winged liner, the bow, but not a "Camp" theme in sight – at least until she turns around. Yep, that my friends is an Alexander Wang crystal-encrusted thong.Honestly, I might just get down on one knee and propose, too. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Did he and Harry Styles coordinate?James Charles is back with another incredible lewk on the 2019 Met Gala red carpet, less than a week after serving us with a super-sleek outfit at the BBMAs. The beauty vlogger strutted the carpet in a nipple-baring outfit, and a flawless smokey eye, of course. He fully repped the "Camp: Notes on Fashion" theme, wearing a see-through poncho made out of... safety pins? The YouTuber completed the Alexander Wang look with black satin pants and silver detailing. Perhaps Sister James took some cues from one of this year's Met Gala hosts, Harry Styles, who proudly freed the nipple as well, in a sheer ruffled number. While Sister James pretty much spent all of Coachella showing off his butt (which, like, we would too), he highlighted a different asset this time. And honestly, we're living for it! DAY 1 🌈A post shared by  James Charles (@jamescharles) on Apr 12, 2019 at 7:02pm PDT		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I have no words.The 2019 Met Gala has officially kicked off and celebrities are rocking the red carpet in jaw-dropping looks. This year's theme, "Camp: Notes on Fashion," has stars wearing everything from crazy feathers and ruffles, to exaggerated patterns and jewelry. In other words: extra AF. Here are all the most gorgeous, epic looks on the 2019 Met Gala red carpet.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			All three nipples are present at tonight's event.Is this year's theme "Heavenly Bodies"? Because our lord and savior Harry Styles is really serving his. Never one to bore us with a typical black tuxedo, Saint Harold is currently on the 2019 Met Gala red carpet showing off all three of his precious nipples. WE ARE NOT WORTHY.As one of the three hosts of this year's Met Gala, he was legally obligated to supply us with a lewk and this wonderfully androgynous ruffled number did not disappoint in the slightest. He represented the "Camp: Notes on Fashion" theme with as much subtlety as the over-the-top theme allows, wearing a sheer ruffled blouse (Gucci, obviously) with high-rise trousers, and a single (fabulous, darling) drop pearl earring.We truly, truly stan a free-nipple king.Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Read: how to see Harry Styles looking beautiful for free.The Met Gala always serves some major fashion moments – I mean, that's basically the whole point of the party, right? Kylie Jenner in a push-up bra, Zendaya in a Joan of Arc-inspired suit of armor, Zayn Malik in a silver-plated robot suit – and with this year's theme, "Camp: Notes on Fashion," the lewks are going to be even more bonkers than usual.If you want to see all the fashion-related insanity in real-time, you're going to have to stream the Met Gala for yourself on May 6 – just the red carpet, though. The Gala itself is an A-list-celebs-only type of situation and is never, ever televised. (I have literally no idea what happens inside the party, other than it includes Kylie Jenner awkwardly sitting next to Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds.) Anyway, here's how you can tune in to stream the 2019 Met Gala live (and for free).Yep, you guessed it. Per every red carpet you've ever seen in your life, Giuliana Rancic and Ryan Seacrest will be commentating live on behalf of E!. The party starts at 7 pm ET, but E! will be doing pre-show coverage starting at 5 pm ET and running until 9 pm, so you can watch the outrageously-dressed celebs roll in. If you don't have cable, E! will be airing their Live From the Red Carpet: The 2019 Met Gala special on basically all of their other platforms, too. Check E!'s Facebook, Twitter, website, and mobile app to finesse yourself a livestream. Post-show, they'll even be doing a recap on E! News, starting at 7 pm ET.If those don't work for you, just sign yourself up for a free trial of YouTube TV or Hulu with Live TV before the show. On top of E!'s coverage, Vogue will be airing all the awkward red carpet moments on their Facebook (praying for another uncomfortable Cardi B/Giuliana conversation). But honestly, your Instagram feed is going to be nothing but red carpet shots that night, so if you can't do any of the above, you'll still be able to see everything. Starting at 5 o'clock pm ET, I'll be painstakingly writing up story after story, about all your favorite celebrities in real-time. If Kylie Jenner sets FOOT on that carpet, you'll hear about it, trust.Wanna see what you're in for? Check out some of my greatest hits from last year's Met Gala:Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			So many *angelic* looks. Last year's Met Gala theme: "Heavenly Bodies: Fashion and the Catholic Imagination" – and your favorite celebs really lived up to the challenge. The red carpet was filled with religious statements like feathered angel wings, sequin crosses, and Rihanna in a full-on pope costume. Before we dive into this year's theme ("Camp: Notes on Fashion"), let's look back at all the most epic, most insane looks from 2018.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I know what I'm wearing this summer. After taking a well-deserved break from social media and public events to focus on her mental and physical health, she's finally returning to the scene and working harder than ever. In a surprise appearance, Selena made our dreams come true and performed at Coachella for the first time ever to sing "Taki Taki" with DJ Snake, Cardi B and Ozuna. She also released a new single back in February, returned to the red carpet in a stunning black dress for WE Day California and will soon be starring in a horror comedy film called The Dead Don't Die. You probably already know Selena's talents include singing, acting and producing, but now she can also call herself a designer. Krahs, a swimwear company founded by Selena's bestie and ex-personal assistant, Theresa Marie Mingus, just released a collection that includes a trio of swimsuits designed by Selena herself. The swimsuits were designed to help conceal surgical scars with features like high waists and a belt. Selena made them with her own experience in mind. In 2017, Selena revealed that she had undergone a kidney transplant from her friend, actress Francia Raisa. During the procedure, Selena had to undergo emergency surgery to address an artery that broke during the transplant. To unveil the collection, Selena and Theresa created a series of interview-style Instagram videos. In one of them, Selena talks about her experience designing the swimwear. "I did have a really good time designing," Selena told Theresa. "It was fun. The design I did, one of them, it was the high waisted one with the belt. I've had a kidney transplant and I like bathing suits that kind of cover where that's been and make me feel comfortable." When Selena asked Theresa what kind of women she saw wearing her collection, she said she designed the swimsuits with inclusivity in mind. "There's no one specific, but everyone wants to feel sexy. Every woman wants to feel confident and beautiful. I definitely want to have a variety of different pieces so everyone can wear them."On the posts, Selena also shared her appreciation for Theresa's friendship. "After working with you it's helped me understand not to take life too seriously," she told her. "I've grown up in a very difficult situation, so I felt like we bonded on that because we come from real places that, I don't know, I just didn't think that I could get through some of the hardest points in my life if it wasn't for you."Selena also modeled some of the swimsuits herself. Krahs shared some photos of Selena in the swimwear on their Instagram page. The swimsuits Selena designed are part of a limited edition collection called ‘Selena x Krahs Swim. The collection launched May 2. You can shop for the pieces here.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You'll want to get these closet staples stat. Summer is officially almost here, which means it’s time to put away our sweaters and plaid skirts and take out anything that will help us get through the heat. One of those things being mesh! There's no doubt that see-through clothing can be a tricky trend to figure out and pull off. But thanks to these celebs, we have some major inspo to take away. From lace and crochet to chiffon and tulle, get ready for your shopping cart to be fully stocked with all things sheer! Pair a see-through top with ripped jeans or some white shorts to stay super cool. Can't you picture Alexa Chung wearing a sick 'fit like that? Sheer clothes are also great for showing off what you're wearing underneath, like a cute bra or a patterned bathing suit. Keep scrolling to see how all your fave celebs styled their sheer looks, and to find your new summer essential.Animal print is always a good idea. Wear it with your favorite sneakers to keep it on the casual side and you'll look just like Jordyn Woods. SHOP NOWGo for a sexy and sweet vibe by pairing a sheer lace crop top with a feminine floral bralette. Madelaine Petsch slays this look.SHOP NOWNever. Enough. Sparkles!!! A sparkly dress always makes for a major moment. Though you might want to pair a nude bra with this one — Bella Hadid is not afraid to bare all in the face of fashion.SHOP NOWBe pool party ready with a see-through matching set. Wear it with a bright bathing suit — or opt for all white like Jasmine Sanders — to really stand out!SHOP NOWCold but not cold enough for a sweatshirt? Get the perfect amount of coverage in a super cute oversized see-through jacket. Hailey Bieber makes this one look GOOD.SHOP NOWThere's really nothing better than a dress that can go from day to night, right?! Olivia Culpo nailed it. SHOP NOWCaroline Daur's look has summer written all over it. Wear a crochet or sheer dress and a bathing suit underneath and you'll be beach ready instantly. SHOP NOWGive your outfit a pop of color with a checkered mesh bodysuit. Willow Smith would definitely approve. SHOP NOWNeon has been having a moment for a while now, and it's here to stay. A neon mesh piece is about to be your new summer essential. Thank, Winnie Harlow.SHOP NOWTry layering a minidress over a sheer top or dress for your next date night. Joey King, we see you.SHOP NOWMix a bright sheer top with a fun pattern pant for a subtle yet bold look. Sofia Richie SLAYS this 'fit.SHOP NOWA lace bodysuit gives an edge to a soft pink monochromatic look. SHOP NOWKeep it simple with a basic black mesh bodysuit. Rita Ora totally knows what's up by pairing her sleek, see-through top with textured fringe.SHOP NOWThis gorge LBD is perfect for your next GNO. Get it, Ariel Winter.SHOP NOWThese florals will give your long sleeve look a summer vibe no matter what the temperature. Kendall Jenner styles out her 'fit with denim shorts and a strappy heel.SHOP NOW		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Um......WHAT?!These days, it seems like no product is safe to use. Cell phones? Nope, don't sleep with them by your head. Deodorant? Choose the brand wisely. But who knew that something seemingly harmless like clothing could, in fact, be extremely dangerous and detrimental to your health?! Well, apparently you can add swimsuits to the list of harmful products because one customer just found something very disturbing on her bathing suit tag.Twitter user @aziaani_ took to the social media site to express her concern when she found a warning tag on her Fashion Nova swimsuit. "This product can expose you to Di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate, lead and cadmium, which are known to the state of California to cause cancer, birth defects, and other reproductive harm," the tag reads. Did y’all know this tag is in Fashion Nova swimsuits ? pic.twitter.com/pUK5S2BAMqObviously fans of the brand freaked out about this news. Many took to Twitter to share their reaction.  pic.twitter.com/8Z0qj9TFNQNot only does Fashion Nova put the warning on their clothing, but you can also find it on the brand's terms of service page. Under the subhead "California Proposition 65" it says, "We make this warning as a result of Proposition 65, the Safe Drinking Water and Toxic Enforcement Act of 1986, which requires us to inform citizens in California about exposures to certain chemicals. WARNING: Products sold on this site may contain chemicals known to the State of California to cause cancer, birth defects or other reproductive harm."You may heard of proposition 65 because it affects way more than just clothing brands. The ruling, passed in the state of California, "requires businesses to provide warnings to Californians about significant exposures to chemicals that cause cancer, birth defects or other reproductive harm." The point of this is so that customers can make "informed decisions about their exposures to these chemicals." Fashion Nova isn't the only brand to be affected by the proposition. Other companies included coffee chains, furniture stores, and food facilities, among many others, are forced to share similar warnings on their products. Some coffee companies, however, are fighting back against the law. They're claiming that the small amounts of cancer-causing chemical, acrylamide, that can be found in coffee don't warrant a label. Companies like Starbucks, Folgers, and Kuerig Green Mountain are joining together to prove that "coffee consumption does not increase the risk of any chronic disease and is independently associated with a decreased risk of several major chronic diseases." In fact, the Food and Drug Administration has stood behind this lawsuit. "Although acrylamide at high doses has been linked to cancer in animals, and coffee includes acrylamide, current science indicated that consuming coffee poses no significant risk of cancer," said FDA Commissioner Scott Gottlieb. In response to this, the OEHHA proposed a regulation last June stating that coffee consumption does not pose a significant cancer risk. Therefore, the warning should not be required on coffee. The OEHHA is hoping to get approval on this regulation in the next two months. madewell.com$69.50SHOP NOW madewell.com$69.50SHOP NOWAccording to the proposition's website, "a warning must be given for listed chemicals unless the exposure is low enough to pose no significant risk of cancer or is significantly below levels observed to cause birth defects or other reproductive harm," meaning there seems to be some risk in using Fashion Nova's products. Specifically, the chemicals listed on the swimsuit's tag have been linked to liver and kidney damage, which affects the ability to reproduce (Di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate); anemia, weakness, and kidney and brain damage (lead); and damage to kidneys, lungs, and bones (cadmium). Of course, the affect of wearing a swimsuit that might include these chemicals is not known. For more information about these substances, risk level, and how to reduce exposure, the American Cancer Society has some tips. They suggest calling or emailing the manufacturer about the specific product you're wondering about. The brand can hopefully tell you more about the chemicals and information like where in the products they're found and the level of exposure risk. Alternatively, the California Office of Environmental Health Hazard Assessment has fact sheets on common chemicals. Head over to their site to find out specific info about the chemicals found in the products you're using. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Inspired by all your favorite celebs!Ripped jeans are a wardrobe staple, and we're so not mad about it. Not only are they comfy and look totally badass, but you can also snag a bunch of cute pairs for cheap so that you can save all your money for summer vacation. Because of their relaxed nature, it can be hard to pull off this casual piece while still feeling like you put in your best effort to get dressed.  But don't worry, we've got you covered! Whether you want to style them up or dress them down, the beauty of ripped jeans is that you will always be comfortable no matter how you decide to wear them. From boyfriend jeans and mini skirts to skinny jeans and denim jackets, we found your favorite celebrity icons wearing them all! Pair your ripped jeans with a beaded bag or an all-white ensemble to really stand out. And after dissecting each look and feeling inspired by them, we gathered the best ripped denim pieces to shop now. Get ready to spend all your money, fam.Yara Shahidi let her distressed denim jeans be the statement piece in her 'fit. These long, wide-leg jeans with suspenders do all the legwork. Just add some simple accessories and a basic fitted top to complete the look. What you’ll need: Vintage Flare Jeans, $49.9. Free PeopleShop NowOlivia Culpo is giving us a casual and cool look in these cut-off shorts while running errands. You can pull this look off by pairing these short shorts with a polished flat shoe and a tee shirt for comfort. What you’ll need: Distressed Denim Shorts, $35.00. F21Shop NowIskra Lawrence STUNS in these mega-ripped, high-waisted jeans. Paired with a shimmery blazer and metallic pumps, this look is totally red carpet-ready.What you'll need: AE Next Level High-Waisted Jeans, $44, American EagleShop NowGigi Hadid in a these distressed black denim jeans are giving us serious Matrix vibes. Use accessories like these dark sunnies and patent pumps to pull this look together. What you’ll need: Current/Elliott Distressed Cropped  Jeans in Black, $248, BloomingdalesShop NowKourtney Kardashian gives us throwback 90’s vibes with ripped jeans, a rocker tee and sunglasses. When looking for ripped jeans, opt for a pair with just a few slits so you can show the perfect amount of skin. What you'll need: Light Wash High-Waisted Distressed Jeans, $54, LulusShop NowJamie Chung makes cut-off shorts feel soft and sweet. Pair your cut-offs with a flirty romantic top and strappy sandals to soften up your  look.What you’ll need:  HIGH RISE SHORTS, $ $128.00, AgoldeShop NowYara Shahidi shows us her versatility in how ya girl can rock denim. She dresses the look up with an oversized hoop earring and a feather evening shoe. The accessories really take this look up a notch.What you'll need: GRLFRND Denim Dress, $238, RevolveShop NowMadison Beer shows us how to do tomboy style while still keeping it cute. Pair your  baggy boyfriend jeans w/ sneakers and a sweatshirt for the ultimate cozy fit. What you'll need: One Rip New Boyfriend Jeans, $85, Topshop Shop NowTaylor Swift keeps her look simple in an oversized button up and short shorts. Can't you just picture her rocking these shorts with her new merch line?What you'll need: Blank Denim Acid Trip Shorts , $88, ShopbopShop NowLily Aldridge is giving us a lesson in casual but cute. This relaxed look is still flirty with hints of skin showing. Peep that lace-up sweater w/ a hint of midriff? GOALS.What you'll need: Angie Girlfriend Jeans, $78, Revolve Shop NowEmily Ratajkowski looks like a 90’s pop star in her oversized boyfriend jeans, bare midriff and cute crossbody bag. Talk about inspiration for how to effortless pull off oversized denim. What you'll need: Citizens of Humanity Slim Fit Boyfriend Jean, $248, Shopbop Shop NowKarrueche Tran manages to pull of denim on the red carpet by pairing her distressed jeans with a polished pump and trendy top. The simplicity of the look makes it work. What you’ll need: High Rise Straight Jean, $ 265, 3X1 DenimShop NowJoan Smalls layered her Canadian tuxedo with pops of pink to add color and keep it cool. Opt for a pair of jeans with a side stripe for an extra special detail. What you'll need: Honey Stripe Ankle Skinny Jeans, $198, NordstromShop NowWinnie Harlow has your date night look covered in a cropped denim jacket and cropped mini skirt.  The high boots and leather cropped top toughens up the look. What you’ll need: DISTRESS OVERSIZED DENIM JACKET, $55, Pretty Little ThingShop NowOlivia Culpo is serving fierceness in this street style look.  The two-tone denim gives it an edgy touch. What you’ll need: Alexanderwang Two-Tone Ankle Jeans, $375.00, Saks Fifth AvenueShop NowHailey Bieber is showing us how to still feel fashion-forward in a pair of cut-off shorts.  The sheer jacket is what elevates the look to take it from casual to chic. What you'll need: The Tomcat Kick Fray Short, $228, MOTHERShop NowRita Ora shows us how to make a Canadian tuxedo flirty and fun. The distressing in both the skirt and jacket gives this look just the right amount of edge.  What you'll need: Distressed Denim Mini Skirt, $30, ASOSShop Now H.E.R. pulls off this cool and casual denim on denim look by styling it with a rocker tee and black sunglasses. Add her level of confidence to make whatever you wear look A++.What you'll need: High Rise Distressed Hem Jeans, $445, R13Shop NowBella Hadid pulled off this sporty look by pairing it with a bright, graphic top and a pair of sneakers. The mini  bag and mini glasses are keeping her look on trend.What you'll need: HI-RISE STRAIGHT LEG JEANS WITH RIPS, $49.90, ZaraShop Now Gigi Hadid dressed up a baggy boyfriend jean and tee shirt with a blazer and boots. This gives an instant update to this casual look.What you'll need: Blue Butt Slit Karolina Jeans, $250, SSENSEShop NowKendell Jenner makes ripped jeans internship-appropriate by pairing them with a well-tailored blazer. The black leather belt, boots and dark sunglasses pull the look together to give it a more polished vibe. What you'll need: Ksubi Relaxed Jeans, $116.00, ShopbopShop Now		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Trust me, you need these ASAP.From graduation formalwear to chill summer outfit looks, white shorts are a cute and easy way to style your summer OOTDs without looking like you're trying too hard. Celebs have been known to rock the white shorts look from red carpets to the airport, and they always look so damn fierce. And an added plus: They are oh so comfortable, especially in that summer heat.  Whether you're figuring out how to dress for your internship or just want something low-key for a lazy (but cute) day by the pool, pick a style (or two!) that fits you best.  And for the ultimate summer-look:  totally ditch brighter hues (and you're classic all-black uniform) and try all-white!  The way it looks against your sun-kissed skin will be killer.  Hello, glow goddess!   High-waisted shorts + crop tops = the best summer outfit, no? It hits right at your waist and makes every single bod look slammin'. Wear it to the pool with your swimsuit or a t-shirt and tuck it in for that casual yet put together look. What you'll need: Flowy pleat shorts, $49.99, mango.com SHOP NOW A chic way to wear your short shorts is to style it with a fluttery peasant top. Put on a pair of barely-there sandals, add some shades and voila!What you'll need: ASOS DESIGN Broderie Shorts with Pom Pom Trim, $18, asos.com SHOP NOW Looking for that all-white tennis look without actually wearing tennis clothes? Try a boxy white short and pair with a crisp top and trainers for a sporty vibe.What you'll need: French Connection Classic Stretch Shorts, $25.97, lordandtaylor.com SHOP NOWYou don't have to be hardcore to wear super distressed jeans. Try a knee-length pair with your beat-up high-tops or add some flair with a pair of heels.What you'll need: 7 for all Mankind High-Waist Raw-Edge Distressed Denim Bermuda Shorts, $84, bergdorfgoodman.com SHOP NOW Love a good print but not sure of how to wear it? Try a graphic striped short to add some fun into the mix.What you'll need: UO Riley Side Stripe High-Rise Short, $59, urbanoutfitters.com SHOP NOW  For that festival-inspired look, opt for shorts that have a lace-up detail. Style it out with a peasant top for that ultimate boho outfit.What you'll need: Mid Rise Lace-Up Cutoff Denim Shorts, $29.99, express.com SHOP NOW The trick to wearing white biker shorts is to make sure that they are not sheer and have a certain thickness to the fabric. This pair from Amazon is great because the fabric is comfy, but it still offers full coverage.What you'll need: PnK Bike Shorts Women, $14.99, amazon.com SHOP NOW There's something about white denim that elevates your outfit more than the typical blue. Rock a pair with a scarf tied into a top and you'll be totally ready to slay the festival circuit.What you'll need: Shelby White High-Waisted Shorts, $32, prettylittlething.us SHOP NOW If you're spending the summer killing it at an internship or a buttoned-up summer job, tailored white shorts are a versatile piece you must have in your wardrobe. You'll get a lot of wear out of these babies while also looking profesh as hell.What you'll need: INC International Concepts Pull-On Shorts, $49.50, macys.comSHOP NOW Bermuda shorts are all the rage right now (thanks, Billie Eilish) and I love how Susie Bubble toughened up her look with mountain boots rather than opting for the expected sandals. This look would also be a cute way to jazz up your internship outfit while still looking professional.What you'll need: Jag Jeans Gracie Bermuda Shorts, $59, nordstrom.com SHOP NOW Another stylish way to wear high-waisted shorts with something a little extra: a tie to wrap around your waist. If you're looking for something a little more flirty, this is a good bet. Pair it with a crochet top and cute espadrilles.What you'll need: White tie waist detail crepe tailored shorts, $27, misguidedus.com SHOP NOW Chino is made from twill fabric that is 100% cotton and is oh so breathable for those hot summer days. A great alternative to denim when you want something light and airy.What you'll need: American Eagle Khaki Midi Short, $26.21, ae.com SHOP NOW When it comes to printed anything, the key is to find a color from that print and match the top to that color. Stay in the same family of shades like pastels, bold or neons. Or go completely rogue and clash for that rebellious look.What you'll need: Zebra Print Shorts, $14.90, forever21.com SHOP NOW Add a sheer white blouse with white cuffed shorts and your go-to summer sandal, and there you have your summer uniform. So effortless.What you'll need: Fitted Shorts, $29.99, hm.com SHOP NOW Who doesn't love a denim cut-off short? It's so easy and you don't even have to think about what to wear it with.What you'll need: Tall Distressed Hem White Denim Shorts, $18, boohoo.com  SHOP NOW 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Steal her style.Alexa Chung is known for the many different career hats she wears: author, designer, tv host... the list goes on. She also has some of the most fashionable street style looks known to humankind. While most of us can't afford Gucci and Edie Parker, who says your style needs to come up short when your wallet does.  We curated affordable and crazy cute pieces that'll have you looking like Chung but without the crazy high price tag.  Did I mention everything from here on out will be around $50?! No need to "add to cart" and just stare at it for months until it says "out of stock". It is time to finally click, "CHECK-OUT" and schedule your next OOTD shoot with your bestie. Did I also mention these looks are perfect for prom, graduation, music festivals and everything in between? You're welcome.A feminine satin dress is great for a summer wedding or Sunday brunch; however, when it comes to night life, give it some edge with a biker jacket and booties. A biker babe look will have the baes seeing heart eyes. You can't beat the price on this one. And faux leather is really the way to go.Nothing says *spring fashion* quite like a pretty pastel dress. This seafoam/mint color looks gorgeous on all skin-tones. The lightweight chiffon material will also keep you cool during those hot summer days. This hue is everything, and the flowy, light chiffon will make you look like an angel if you choose to go this route for graduation.Channel your inner Blair Waldorf with a headband. Pair it with your go-to tee and jean look to really give it an extra WOW factor.Not fully into Alexa's bow on her headband? This one by ASOS has a more knotted look to it.Jumpsuits are 2 things: easy to wear and super comfortable. This denim version is a simple piece to dress up or down. Add a cool pair of sneakers for errands and then a cute pair of wedges for a more dressed-up approach. Can it get any comfier than this denim jumpsuit?!The chunky dad sneaker was HUGE for fall/winter. Now it's time to go the next level with a chunky sandal.This look for less has an added buckle detailing. Perfect for when you hit up your next country concert.A peplum is already a fun spring staple, but add a floral print and you have the ultimate go-to top. Pair it with a denim skirt or even high-waisted mom jeans for a put together, laid-back look. Stun like Alexa and still stay cool in this pretty, thin-strapped top.A leather jacket was so fall/winter. A leather short this spring will have you feeling totally badass. Pair with a light sweater or a basic tee to have the shorts do all the talking. Another way to style these shorts is with an airy sweater for an effortless lunch look. That lace-up detail is everything.Put your puffers away and go for something lighter, like a spring trench coat! The trench is the perfect jacket to throw on and go. It really takes your look to the next level.The buttons on this trench are totally on-point. Adding an embellished shoe instantly gives a look a more fashion-forward approach. Keeping everything else very basic, like an easy sweater or an oversized bomber, lets the shoes do all the talking!Love a little sparkle? These low-heel, embellished booties will really steal the show.A slip dress is super easy and way cute. A linen one makes a great picnic look, while going out calls for a pleather one! A slip dress is a great simple piece that you can totally personalize with some fun and out-of-the-box accessories.Bodycon dresses are so damn cute. Get ready to take so many selfies in this one!A fun and flirty black and white dress pops even more when paired with some bright heels. This is your chance to really have fun with your shoe game — no rules!These heeled mules are low enough that you can actually walk to get your diploma without falling on your face, but you'll still look stylish as hell.A piece everyone should have in their closet is a lace top. Pair it with jeans and flats for a weekend look or a skirt and fun heels for a party vibe. Nothing says spring like a crisp white top!This peplum top's sweet eyelet design and little buttons make it a dream for a summer look.Overalls are an essential in Spring. Rock it with a basic white tee and sneakers for any of your family parties coming up or pair with a lace top underneath for a chic nighttime outfit. The little flare at the bottom gives it a more fun look, too. These crop overalls are the perfect length for you to show off some epic dad sneakers.A great pair of jeans never goes out of style. Get a pair with a fade on the front  and straight leg for extra breathing room (skinny jeans are so last season). These flare-legs are comfy and totally cute. Pair them with a block heel for modern vibes.A fun ruffle dress is great for any spring/summer occasion. It is fun enough that you feel on trend but subtle enough that you can re-wear it again and again. Rock it again after your party with a cute pair of sneakers and a snapback. This tiered dress is so dreamy with a strappy, metallic heel.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Beads FTW. Remember that Cult Gaia bag that was all over your feed last summer? Well there's a new bag trend that's blowing up on Insta rn: beaded bags.  Now you can get in on the  trend without breaking the bank. All of these styles retail for under $50 and there's a beaded bag to suit your every mood: preppy, flirty, fancy, Kylie 😉 So make like your fave celebs and street style stars and snatch up these it bags before they sell out. They will seriously update all your spring and summer looks. Get ready for some fire OOTDs, fam! Beaded bags are in and they're not going anywhere.So yummy thanks to the candy colors. Nom nom.This wear-with-anything neutral color means this bag can do the most.Crushing on this bag's fun mix of color and patterns. So Insta worthy! This one is giving us futuristic vibes. Plus, it hits a different note thanks to the oversized beads. And who knew you could get a cute AF bag on Amazon?!Mini bags are having a moment. This one is perf when you want to travel light. This bag will take your grad party outfit to the next level. Carry all your stuff and still look chic AF. Win win!This bag is begging to be taken on your next vaca. Here are some fun Insta-worthy places to take it to!This polished pearl version will take your all white lewk to the next level. Channel your fave street style star with this fun fruit print. Want more fashun and food ideas? Click here. Opt for this pink pearl option when you are feeling super girly.  It's so Lara Jean! Neon will be everywhere this summer. This one pairs well with a bold mani.If boho is your thing, this bag is for you! This is THE perfect prom bag. And the wristlet means you don't have to be fidgeting with your strap all night as you take over the dance floor.Boohoo.com$32.00SHOP NOWThis is the perfect festival bag. And it totally pairs well with matching space buns. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Including the shirt she teased last week.A new era of Taylor Swift fashion is upon us! No more camouflage and reptile references, #TS7 is all about watercolor pastels, dusty florals, and baby animals that would look right at home in an Easter basket. We'll call it, the Professor Umbridge aesthetic. As every Swiftie in existence predicted, Tay dropped a new song just after revealing her style transformation: a rainbow of a banger called "Me!," with surprise vocals from Panic! at the Disco's Brendon Urie (ya, my 13-year-old emo self is SCREAMING).  ME! Out now! Made this song with @BrendonUrie and @iamJoelLittle. @Davemeyers and I co-directed the video. And everyone knows you can’t spell awesome without DAVEBRENDONJOEL. Oh wait...A post shared by  Taylor Swift (@taylorswift) on Apr 25, 2019 at 9:08pm PDTWhile the entire internet was busy panicking at the disco over the actualization of the musical collaboration we've been praying for since middle school, good old Tay Tay secretly dropped another bomb on us: her new merch line. Just like the music video, her new range of merchandise is the clothing equivalent of what I'd imagine happens inside a unicorn's head when they dream at night: candy floss hues, ombré pastels, rainbow clouds, rose petals, and more glitter than the situation actually calls for. Take a look: On top of all that rainbow, you can also shop the cropped rose tee Taylor was spotted wearing last week.Yeah, a LOT is happening today. And did I mention that every single purchase comes with a digital copy of your new favorite song, "Me!"?If you can't wait 45 seconds until checkout, listen to the new song (and all those hidden refs) below.Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Hellooooo 90's.Cher Horowitz from the cult classic Clueless is without a doubt a fashion icon. She wore a matching plaid skirt set with undeniable fierceness that revolutionized plaid print in both film and fashion. And it had a serious impact. Ariana Grande rocked a Cher-reminiscent co-ord during her Sweetener tour, Iggy Azalea dressed up as the blonde bombshell in her "Fancy" music video, and your fave Dove Cameron even played Cher in Clueless The Musical.  Even when minimalism took over the fashion scene, plaid skirts remain a closet staple. Calling this a trend is like saying the blazer is having a moment. Plaid skirts are forever just like the classic blazer. The print itself is very traditional, but it's all about how it's styled (there are some iconic plaid Met Gala moments, for sure). There can be many iterations through layering, playing with accessories, color-blocking, the texture of the fabric itself, and more. Check out these chic ways to step up your plaid game! Here's Tamu McPherson, the queen of exuberance and experimental fashion. If you're feeling extra and your motto is #moreismore, then try out matching bold prints, from head to toe. Pair a blazer, blouse or even a sweater with any skirt from mini to midi, pleated, a-line, or flared style. Whatever you have works to create this effortless bold statement! Since the outfit is already quite dramatic, tone down the ensemble with some monochrome accessories. How cute are these white booties? If you're feeling extra bold, create contrast and dimension with thick scrunched up socks. For a more spring look, you can also rock classic pointy toe flats or mary janes with sheer socks. What you'll need: PrettyLittleThing Check Blazer & Skirt Set, $49, us.asos.comShop NowCapturing the essence of Clueless with a side of edge. Rocking just a blazer with the classic yellow plaid skirt = so much coolness emanating from Connie. Try an oversized printed blazer with buttons that are a bit higher up if you don't want to show too much skin. Or feeling a bit flirty and adventurous? Try a mini skirt that shows ever so slightly below the blazer. Stick to muted colored shoes so it doesn't clash with the vibrant prints of your wardrobe. What you'll need: Pleated plaid skirt, $49.90, zara.comShop NowPrints in general can be a bit scary. If you want to rock this look and don't know where to start, we're here to help. Take a deep breath and start with baby steps! Bold prints are a lot more wearable than you think. If you feel like you can't commit fully, this little trick is for you. Try a denim skirt with a bit of plaid detail. This will subdue the look and make it feel much less intimidating. Layer this with an oversized trench coat or a duster coat to create more volume and add chunky sneakers for a cool girl vibe. What you'll need: Design Lab denim plaid mini skirt, $13.44, walmart.comShop NowNot only are scarves worn on your neck or in your hair, switch it up by wearing one as a belt. I know, belts are mysterious creatures. It really is an underrated tool that can elevate your outfit in an instant. There are a plethora of options to choose from when selecting your scarf. Consider things like the color, prints, size, or the material (like silk or cotton). You can use a regular square scarf, divide it in half so it forms a triangle and then roll it up and wrap it around your waist. And voila! Or just cut to the chase and try a long skinny scarf. The scarf adds an unexpected element, that French essence. With this little trick, play around with printed tops and add more pops of color in the same family. What you'll need: Patterned silk scarf, $24.99, hm.comShop NowKate Middleton's outfits are always on-point. She can do no wrong! This real life princess is truly the heart of refined fashion. Show off your shape with a high-waisted midi skirt that embraces your body, is fitted at the waist, and flares out at the bottom. Pair it with a cropped cardigan and top it off with clean, simple, minimal shoes like flats, low block heels or even tennis sneakers.  For a more romantic feel, curl your hair for some loose waves!What you'll need: Tartan plaid skirt, $16, us.shein.comShop Now Remember skorts? Party in the front, business in the back. These trickster skirts (technically shorts) were huge in the 1990s. And they're back! This hybrid really is genius. You can look cute and feminine in a skirt without actually having to worry about things being out of place. More freedom to partake in activities like riding a bike or having a picnic. There are endless options for wearing skorts because of their versatility. Dress it up or down, whatever mood you're in. For a going out look, wear thigh high boots like Lana, with a cute crop top and wear a blazer as a cape. Or go low key with a simple tee and sneakers. Or even a cute little cardigan. Seriously though, the possibilities are endless! What You'll Need:Plaid Mini Skort, $19.90, forever21.comShop NowWhoever said plaid skirts or skirts in general are just for girls? The fashion industry is catching up with gender neutrality, and we're so here for it.Layering is key when creating depth and adding dimension to your outfit. Touches of monochrome act as a muted base so your plaid can pop. The white tops and black denim act as a canvas that allows the bold plaid skirt to shine bright. Accessorize with today's athleisure trend that we all hope will never die, adding chunky sneakers to create a grounded look. What you'll need: Mango check midi skirt, $33.50, us.asos.com Shop NowOne plaid print isn't enough! Go for mixed patch work. To achieve this look, balance the look of a vibrant skirt with an overall minimal aesthetic. Start from the top and don't stop until you reach your toes. It comes down to the details, how you decide to finish your outfit really makes or breaks it so to speak. That being said, try a minimal hairstyle with a slick back ponytail, simple cardigan and black ballet flats and you'll slay any OOTD pic.What you'll need: Pleated woven patchwork skirt, $46.40, dollskill.comShop NowI can literally go on and on about sheer clothes. So happy this trend walked back on the runway with Miu Miu, Dior and Moschino. With sheer fabric (especially organza and tulle), you can really go for that exquisite, dainty, ethereal fairy princess look. Wear a dreamy sheer skirt with your favorite jeans and you will legit be a moving, walking work of art. The way the sheer fabric moves with the wind and against your body creates a very elegant, angelic  effect. Go for a colorful top or light jacket. This is already a statement trend and you really can't go wrong so might as well go all the way. Accessorize with cool lucite heels and a saturated colored bag. Let loose and just have fun. Be the angel that you are! What You'll Need: Printed Organza Skirt, $54.48, kusadasigazete.com Shop NowWant a plaid print that's not so busy? Opt for a wider-set pattern like this one, which looks stunning on Nicolette Mason. Pair it with a simple white tee and a belt bag.What you'll need: Cher high-waisted pants, $72, premme.comShop NowWhen conservative meets cool, pencil skirt meets crop top. Amazing things happen when you mix the best of both worlds. Pencil skirts can without a doubt be part of your everyday outfit, not just for the office. Turn this into an off-duty favorite. How do we modernize this garment? Take a look at Caro — she revamped the classic skirt with a crop top showing a bit of skin. But if showing skin is not your thing, go for a crisp white tee or oversized sweatshirt (fashion this by tucking it in the front) and accessorize with tennis sneakers. What you'll need: Red plaid pencil skirt, $92, pixiemarket.comShop NowA preppy wardrobe is more than your typical clean cut blazers and loafers. It goes beyond that. This trend originates from the youth subculture of American university students, and used to be known as the Ivy League look. The collegiate style was seen all over the Spring runway from Calvin Klein with a graduation cap and gown, Monse with striped polo shirts, and Brandon Maxwell channeled a southern version of Gossip Girl. Achieve this look with a cute a-line skirt that drapes over your body with a cardigan underneath a structured blazer. Also, don't forget about the hair, which is a very underrated tool. Side part your hair and sweep it back into a preppy half up, half down style. What you'll need: Romwe Wales check skirt, $14.95, us.romwe.comShop NowThe sequin revolution is ON! The 80's disco era continued into the digital age from the Kirakira app to Instagram sparkle filters and now we're trying to replicate through our clothes. These glitzy appliqués are literally sparking so much joy in the fashion world. Who doesn't have a penchant for shine? Sparkles aren't just for the festive season anymore. The industry has fully embraced this embellishment and it's now worn with everyday apparel. Try on a satin cami or blouse with a pair of ankle strap heels if you're going for special event look (like prom or a graduation party). Side note: ankle strap anything makes your legs look longer. Or heading to a casual dinner with your friends? Throw on a pair of sneakers, or chic pointy toe flats with a cropped sweater or t-shirt.  What you'll need: Sky dina skirt, $52, dollskill.comShop Now		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The theme is NOT what you think.The Met Gala is a magical event. It's the place where Lili Reinhart and Cole Sprouse first confirmed their relationship. It's the place where Taylor Swift first met Tom Hiddleston, leading to her break up with Calvin Harris and an epic rebound song about it all. The Met Gala is where Jason Derulo took a white-suited tumble down the stairs (he didn't actually, but let's pretend). Hosted by Vogue's editor-in-chief Anna Wintour, the Metropolitan Museum of Art's annual Met Gala is basically Christmas for fashion people. There are top-level celebs, insanely theatrical outfits, and the after-parties always provide some pretty juicy drama. So what's the plan for this year? Well stay tuned, because we've got the tea. Ahead, read up on everything you need to know about this year's Met Gala: theme, dates, times, guest list, and more.Every year, the Metropolitan Museum of Art in NYC hosts the top celebs on the first Monday in May. 2019's celebration falls on May 6 and the red carpet will kick off at 5 pm ET. Click here for info on how to watch it (for free).Even though the Met Gala red carpet usually has a hotter guest list than the Oscars, the Grammys, and the VMAs combined, it's not an award show. It's actually just a party. Each year, the Metropolitan Museum of Art hosts fashion designers and A-list celebs to give them a first-look at the newest fashion exhibit. After the Gala, the exhibit will be open to the public for a year (until it changes for the next Met Gala) in the Anna Wintour Costume Center at the Met. You can drop by the Met any time after May 9, 2019 to see it for yourself.After Rihanna's Pope moment for least year's theme, "Heavenly Bodies: Fashion and Catholic Imagination," it didn't seem like there would ever be a theme to top it – until this year's was announced. For 2019, the Costume Institute will house "Camp: Notes on Fashion." I know what you're thinking: bonfires, flannel shirts, s'mores, and pop-up tents. But it's not that kind of camp. Campy is more of the theme – think ironic, theatrical, and, for lack of a better term, extra. Here's how the Met describes the theme: One example they give is Virgil Abloh's famously literal text designs for Off-White. A post shared by The Met (@metmuseum) on Oct 9, 2018 at 4:31pm PDTThe event itself will be co-hosted by Lady Gaga (that about sums up the theme in itself), along with Harry Styles and Serena Williams. If you've seen the movie Oceans 8, the Met Gala guest list is very exclusive. There's no official guest list right now, but W Magazine gave a sneak peek at the host committee. Along with these names, you can bet Met Gala favorites like Kim Kardashian and Kylie Jenner will be in attendance. Bradley CooperBlake Lively and Ryan ReynoldsChadwick BosemanLupita Nyong’oJennifer Lopez and Alex RodriguezLena WaitheKerry Washington with Nnamdi AsomughaNick Jonas and Priyanka ChopraKaty PerryJared LetoCam NewtonVenus WilliamsTom FordDonatella VersaceMiuccia PradaValentino’s Pierpaolo PiccioliGivenchy’s Clare Waight KellerHollywood ExecsAgent Bryan LourdProducer Ryan MurphyAnnette de la RentaWendi MurdochSean and Alexandra ParkerFollow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Victoria didn't tell me this secret...Twitter recently lost its mind when people started to debate the right way to put on a bra. Some boob-havers swore by the *clasp in the back* technique, while others were adamant about the *clasp in the front, spin it around and then put your arms through it* strategy. There are still some others that claimed to do things like fasten their bras and then put them on like t-shirts (WUT?!) or even step into their bras and pull them up over their hips like a dress (WHO?!). But I'm here to tell you that there is an official best way to put on a bra, and most of us have likely been doing it wrong for our entire lives. This shocking information comes in the form of an old tweet, which was originally posted by the Huffington Post, and it reveals the correct steps to wearing a bra, according to bra company Third Love. Apparently you're supposed to clasp the loosest hook by reaching behind you and clasping it on your back, pull your boobs into the cups, then tighten the straps every couple of months as they loosen. Head over to the Third Love website and you will see a how-to entitled "How To Put On a Bra" where the *clasp in the back* technique is on full damn display.So why is this the "right" method? Well, bra bands are highly elastic, so any extra stretching and pulling is just going to loosen the band faster. By clasping in the front and pulling the bra around, you're creating unnecessary stretching that will, over time, affect the lifespan of your bra.Also, if your bra is fitting you correctly, pulling it around your body would likely be uncomfortable. Why? Because it's supposed to be fairly tight. Here's the correct way to measure your bra band size, according to Orit Hashay, founder of the online bra retailer Brayola: “Exhale to get the smallest measurement possible, and don’t try to stand up super straight or stick out your chest more than normal." This is your band size —the numerical part of your bra size. If you get an odd number, round up to the next even number. But the circumference of your chest when you exhale is going to be less than what your chest size is like as you're standing in your bedroom bent over a little to clasp your bra in front of your body. If you were able to clasp your bra on the correct hook, you would then have to yank it 180 degrees to get it behind you (which isn't really comfortable). You can also learn all about the right way to measure yourself for a bra here. Plus, the skin along your ribs is very delicate and could easily get scratched or even accrue some more wrinkles over time with that much wear and tear. That being said, it's safe to say that I've literally never done one of those "correct" bra things – except tightening my straps, which I do like once a year.The post actually sparked an even bigger debate: clasp and swivel vs. hooking in the back. wait, there are women who can actually hook it in the back with it right side up? What chicanery is this? pic.twitter.com/TKHkHPzPdji came here to find out how people have been putting them on instead. clasping in front and swiveling????? pic.twitter.com/Wq46xpe8JKIf clasping in front and swiveling is wrong I don’t want to be right...That being said, if clasping and swiveling is wrong, tbh I don't want to be right.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Who needs a tailor?The struggle of finding the  perfect t-shirt is REAL. Have you been scouring vintage shops and looking online for the perfect-fitting tee and just can't find it? Do you have stacks of shirts that are too long or too big and you're not quite sure how to fix them? There's also a chance you're currently in a store eyeing a top with an on-point print that's totally not your size, and you're debating if this is something you can amend once you get home. After all, denim shorts and a cotton tee equal the classic summer uniform, so you're going to need to get that shirt situation figured out ASAP. That's why we're going to show you 3 super easy and cheap DIY methods that will teach you how to shrink a shirt. Because why pay to get a tee tailored when you can get a custom fit at home using things like water and scissors. Get ready, your friends are going to have you shrinking their shirts, too.The Boiling TechniqueTo try this shrinking technique, bring a large pot of water to a boil and, once the water starts boiling, quickly turn off the heat. Then, use a pair of heat-safe tongs to carefully and slowly place your cotton T-shirt in the water and let it sit for up to 20 minutes. The longer the shirt is in hot water, the more shrinkage you'll see. That means you should adjust the time to your size needs. Carefully remove the shirt using tongs and let cool before checking on your hard work.The Classic Washer/Dryer TechniqueYou may have tried this method by accident (oops), but it's a tried-and-true way of shrinking your shirts! Place the items in the washer on the hottest setting, but be sure to stick with similar colors because dark colors will bleed. If you've finally found a vintage rock t-shirt that you love, wash it inside out so the graphic doesn't fade.  Next, toss the clothing in the dryer and put the dryer on the highest temperature. Once the clothing is dry, open the door and you'll find the t-shirt you've been dreaming of.The Scissors TechniqueIs your shirt overage more in the length department than the width department?  Just grab a pair of sharp scissors, a pencil and a ruler. First, put on the shirt and use your pencil to draw a small line on where you'd like the hem of the shirt to reach. (Sometimes it's tempting to just get going with the scissors before trying the shirt on, but with things like boobs and hemlines, sometimes you can wind up cutting the shirt WAY shorter than you intended). Then, take the shirt off and lay it flat on a flat surface. Using a ruler, draw a straight line from left to right of the shirt. Then, you can slowly start cutting. How easy! Your friends will be asking you to customize their tees in no time.After reading this, there's a chance you're thinking: Damn, now I need a good tee to try this out on! So we rounded up some of our favorite crewneck, v-neck, pocket tees and more. Get ready to shop below...		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Graduating requires a lot of outfits.  Graduation season requires a lot of outfits. You've got graduation day, graduation night, your graduation party, your girlfriend's graduation party, your roommate's graduation party – honestly, I could go on forever. There are a ton of events and you need a killer fit for every single one. So whether you're looking for a dress-and-heels moment for a fancy celebration dinner or a casual shorts-and-a-crop-top look for your co-worker's backyard barbecue, these grad outfits are just what you need.Shop the look: Blush Crop Top, $27, TOBI; Ruffle Denim Skirt, $78, Shopbop; White Sunglasses, $52, Guess; White Platform Mules, $63,  Erika Girardi x ShoeDazzleShop the look: Crop Denim Jacket, $258, Nordstrom; Red Tank Top, $40, Madewell; Low Top Chuck Taylors, $50, Journeys; White Shorts, $26, PacSunShop the look: Rust Romper, $45, PacSun; Gold Hoop Earrings, $7, Tobi; Beaded Sandals, $60, Aldo; Woven Bag, $55, AldoShop the look: Blush Dress, $33, Tobi; Pearl Necklace, $198, Wolf Circus; Nude Heels, $37, Public Desire; Gold Bag, $30, DSWShop the look: Smocked Crop Top, $17, Target; Gold Flower Necklace, $298, Wolf Circus; Heart Necklace, $185, Wolf Circus; Sunglasses, $55, Quay; Overalls, $118, Shopbop; Fanny Pack (Similar), $55, LeSportsac; Low Top Chuck Taylors, $50, Journeys		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Some old favorites AND new ideas. Everyone loves summer right? Long days, beach time and endless squad hangs are totally the way to go. But summer also means needing to find ways to look cool while also staying cool. When you're not rocking a bathing suit, you might want to don one of these outfits featuring our favorite white clothes (now you never need to Google: "how to wear all white" ever again) and accessories to stay cool when temps rise. From romantic dresses to cool cropped denim, all your summer whites are here. For more all white everything check out our ideas for  graduation dresses.Jeggings in white are a perfect fit for anyone hoping to dress up their evening look while still staying comfy. Add a lacy duster like Iskra Lawrence and you're good to go.Normally we are purists when it comes to denim but, when selecting white jeans, jeggings are usually a great choice.Tomboy realness in full effect. This is seriously the most useful pant for a summer internship. The crisp, cool shape will make you want to wear these all season long.This flat will bring out the kid in you. Mary janes are officially back! This sweet and feminine style is even more charming in white. They pair perfectly with mini dresses for summer. Channel your inner Alexa Chung and get some mary janes stat!Yep, taking a break from the teeny tiny shorts. Amen!Yes, you did read that correctly: Bermuda length shorts are a thing. They are the more demure cousin of the traditional super short denim cut-offs but, lets be honest, they are more comfortable and look great paired with crop tops. A perfect combo of sweetheart neckline and trousers so you can slay all night long.Offered in sizes 0-18, this jumpsuit has a bit of stretch so it hugs your curves and most importantly stays up. Also, of critical importance, it has pockets!Equal parts comfy and chic, you won't want to wear anything else this summer. Rock this light number over a bathing suit at the beach and you don't even need to change to hit up a restaurant with the squad at night. A wild mash-up going on here, but we do still love a crop top. Officially a summer classic, the crop top is a must-have for all concerts and BBQs.Move over rompers, the boiler suit is here. The official cool girl jumpsuit of 2019, the boiler suit has made its mark! Wear it zipped up, or wear a tank and tie the arms around your waist for the ultimate badass look. A festival classic now and forever. You've definitely seen a version of this dress on your fave influencers and celebs at Coachella.Sweet and delicate, this dress is perfect for summer parties or graduations. Something new to try out!An unexpected wardrobe addition, the sheer white jacket adds a versatile layer you can toss on top of almost any outfit. You'll be surprised by how often you are reaching for it. You'll be reaching for this bag all summer.A white cross body to go with all your summer looks, this one doubles as a chic bracelet bag so there are two ways to be hands-free.First job in fashion? You will be ready. Another must-have for any summer job or internship, this easy button-down will look great under a jacket or sweater that you will need when getting blasted by air conditioning. Button front details make all the difference. Pair this mini skirt with a graphic t-shirt and zip-up hoodie or make it polished with a white button-down tucked in. This styling makes a baby doll dress super cool. Swoon! This dress is the cutest thing we ever did see. We love it styled with a bright cross body bag and chunky boot to give it a little grit. A new denim trend to try. Surely your closet is full of jeans, but this pair will add something a bit new to your wardrobe. Tuck in your top to show off the cool contrast buttons. Go there. Go all the way there. This dress will for sure start some conversations with gorgeous ruffles on the front AND back.  This trend isn't going away yet!Still the must have sneaker of summer, the oversized Dad sneaker is still our friend. Wear it in white for maximal grandpa impact. A simple classic look. So sweet but shows a lot of leg, pair this lace mini with a cool vegan leather jacket. Look cool without even trying. Size up for the uber oversized look or wear it in your true size and belt it. It's also fun to wear it open with a tank top and jean shorts.The most unexpectedly cool pant style. You can pull it off, we believe in you. Yes, you read that right, CARGO PANTS! It's a thing. Styled the right way, they can be very cool. Plus you have a whole lot of pockets to put your stuff in.Too pretty for words. This romantic sweet dress can be worn as is or, to toughen up the look, use a wide black belt and black boots to contrast the sweetness of the dress. With the right outfit, it can work. Ok, this isn't something that's always appropriate but a bikini top with ruffles and cap sleeves can sometimes double as a top. We love it styled with a flowy wide leg pant to balance out the skin showing on top. Now, go have the best summer ever!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Slaychella.Coachella isn't just about the amazing music — it's also about the amazing style (and celeb sightings!). Which is why, even if you're not attending the celeb-filled music fest, it's still fun to follow along. From crochet dresses and flirty rompers to endless cutoffs and neon wigs, check out celebs' hottest Coachella looks ever.Cami hit up the fest with boyfriend Charles Melton, so of course she had to look hot. She rocked a floral bra under a sheer T-shirt with a pair of Instagram's favorite sunnies.Vanessa Hudgens lives for a holiday, so when Easter and Coachella (her favorite holiday of all) mashed up, baby girl served looks. She and her twin sister Stella wore coordinating floral maxis. Gabriel gave us not one, but three epic 'fits. This triple ensemble puts every other Coachella ootd to shame.Hailey and Kendall pulled a twinning moment weekend 1 in matching bandanas from Justin Bieber's new clothing line, Drew. Oh, and can we talk about Kenny's zebra print bra? Because it was awesome.James turned up the thot vibes at Coachella with not one, but TWO different thongs. This denim booty-strap/chaps combo definitely gets my vote for best dressed. Swipe left to see full Sister ass.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			He basically wears a thong every year.The moment YouTuber and Instagrammer James Charles stepped onto the Coachella sands wearing a denim thong, the entire music festival was cancelled – the rest of y'all can just go home. But Butt, this isn't the first time James bared booty at the fest. Sister James has a cheeky moment almost every year – and if not, he teases a little nip instead. Showing up to Coachella naked is required to survive the desert heat, but James has made the almost-nude vibe totally his own. Thanks to three years of barely-there fits, his butt is almost as famous as his brows. So without further ado, let's throw it back to all of James Charles' best Coachella outfits over the years – from the bootylicious, to the nippletastic, and everything in between.Want to go to Coachella? Buy tickets here. the only picture I got of my outfit yesterday 😎A post shared by  James Charles (@jamescharles) on Apr 21, 2019 at 10:25am PDTApologies to everyone waiting for Buttchella weekend two, because James tucked away the goods the second time around. Instead, he served us full-coverage looks that slayed just as hard. Don't worry, though, we still got treated to a little midriff action thanks to this asymmetrical crop top. A post shared by James Charles (@jamescharles) on Apr 21, 2019 at 6:20pm PDTA long-sleeve shirt and no visible skin? For Coachella?! James, it's like I don't even know you anymore! I GOT (TH)E HORSES (I)N THE BA(CK) 🤠🤠A post shared by  James Charles (@jamescharles) on Apr 14, 2019 at 7:20pm PDTFor the first weekend of Coachella 2019, James showed the world that every look can be improved with a visible thong. This fringed suede look was "yee-haw" in the front, cheek action in the back, thanks to his denim thong and butt-framing chaps. Swipe left for the booty shot we've been waiting for. DAY 2 🍑 no razor bumps in sightA post shared by  James Charles (@jamescharles) on Apr 13, 2019 at 7:00pm PDTThis modern, all-white look is a huge style departure from James' ass-and-chaps look, but the two have one very important thing in common: the booty. He put it on full display in a pure white thong.  DAY 1 🌈A post shared by  James Charles (@jamescharles) on Apr 12, 2019 at 7:02pm PDTFor day one, Sister James kept it low-key – well, as low-key as his extra-ass self is capable of being (ie: not low-key at all). He skipped the string and served subtle sparkle cheeks instead.A post shared by James Charles (@jamescharles) on Apr 16, 2018 at 11:09am PDTCan I get a YEE-HAW? The thong and chaps combo is basically a James Charles Coachella tradition at this point. In 2018, he did an all-black version that yes, still flaunted dat ass. RACE TO COACHELLA 🏁🔥A post shared by  James Charles (@jamescharles) on Apr 15, 2018 at 10:28am PDTWe stan a one-cheek moment! James' look might be confusing, but you can't deny, that single leg steals the show the entire music festival. DÍA NÚMERO TRES ❤️ #Coachella this past weekend was such a blast! I had so much fun meeting all of you sisters. ☺️ 📸 @josephcapturesA post shared by  James Charles (@jamescharles) on Apr 25, 2017 at 3:34pm PDTBack in 2017, James was more into a nipple moment. His mesh top and highlighter keep the focus where it belongs: titties and cheekbones.  You have no idea how many takes it took to get a good jumping picture. Please scroll through and enjoy watching the struggle. 😭😂 PS my outfits this weekend have all been from @laurasboutique! 💕 code JAMES gets you 10% off all items 😊A post shared by  James Charles (@jamescharles) on Apr 23, 2017 at 2:32pm PDTEven though JC didn't share a 'behind' pic, you know those cut-offs emphasized his butt. I guess we'll just have to settle for a Sister belly button this time. tag yourself I'm the nippleA post shared by  James Charles (@jamescharles) on Apr 21, 2017 at 6:15pm PDTWe love a free Sister nipple and Coachella 2017 had plenty. Honestly, only James could rock overalls shirtless and still look chic. COACHELLA NINJA 🗡 love u babes - custom look by @bryanhearns handkerchief by @louisvuittonA post shared by  James Charles (@jamescharles) on Apr 13, 2018 at 7:06pm PDTNo nipples and no butt shot? If it weren't for the signature brows and killer blend, I'd question whether this was actually James Charles.Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Look super cute and help save the planet!You don't always have to carry around a metal straw to help the environment (although it really helps). While the ban of plastic straws and single use plastic bags is on the rise, more and more clothing brands are getting in on the good cause with items that are eco-friendly. From making clothes that are locally sourced and feature recycled materials to being completely transparent about where their products are being made, some fashion brands are seriously trying to get on board with saving our stunning planet. Whether you're in the market for a new backpack, bike shorts or an adorable tee, there's a eco-friendly brand in almost every apparel and accessory category. Style a sustainable item with a cute scrunchie or a bandana. You can even rock a sustainable look to prom and REALLY have a good time. But, for now, we've rounded up 12 eco-brands and an array of products for every planet-saving-mood you're in.These Patagonia Island Hemp Baggies are made from 55% hemp and 45% recycled cotton. These eco-friendly shorts will have you and the environment saying, "yes, please," whether you're hitting the beach or walking the streets. They come in a variety of colors that will look totally on-point in your summer OOTDs. BTW these are my favorite summer shorts because of the length. Comfy, classic, and 100% cotton. These headbands are great for a pop-of-color with any look. Clinging workout tanks? Thank u, NEXT. This breathable tank is made of 100% recycled polyester and is super light-weight, leaving you to live your best life when you're running, dancing, or going to the grocery store for your mom on a sweltering day (yikes!).Kotn is like farm-to-table, but for your clothes. The company buys raw cotton direct from the people farming it for fair wages. This long sleeve V-neck is versatile for all seasons. Layer with a denim jacket or accessorize with a funky pair of sandals. Everlane is changing the way consumers shop by showing the cost breakdown of each of their items, piece by piece! Besides being super sturdy, this bag also folds into a smaller bag, perfect for packing on the go. These biker shorts, besides being a one of the hottest spring trends, are made with 17 recycled water bottles. But did I mention that they're anything but trashy (get it?)? Girlfriend products show a thorough breakdown of how many plastic bottles are used in each garment as well as how many gallons of water are saved per production piece. This is a relaxed tee made by a company who "canceled carbon" four years ago. What does that mean? Basically, their production sources electricity from wind-powered suppliers. Throw on a pair of boyfriend jeans for the ultimate effortlessly-cool look.Dazey LA sells pieces that are made to order in LA. This is in an effort to have ZERO waste. These earrings are made from Polymer clay and are mixed by hand to create original shades with some ingredients like matcha green tea or turmeric. Pretty cool, huh? Kate Hudson's company Happy X Nature was created from a love of nature and all things natural. Airy cotton flax mixed with organic recycled fabrics and oh yes, the shipping materials are bio-degradable. Shop away, guilt free!Lightweight cropped joggers? A serious no brainer for the warmer months. Alternative Apparel is an eco-shopper's dream for basics. Not only are they super comfy, they're made with eco-jersey and the packaging is recycled and recyclable making it an eco-conscious buy from start to finish.Trendy, but make it help the planet. Around the waist or slung around the shoulder, this belt bag  is made with vegetable tanned leather and 100% recycled polyester. These micro satchels are the perfect accessory for festivals, hikes or any day you're packing light. A wrap skirt is perfect for the transitional weather from spring to summer. Using fair trade organic cotton, Pact ensures safe working environments for the employees. The company also shows how much water is saved per garment. This skirt? 61.2 gallons (think of a bathtub filled to the brim!).		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Your mom deserves the best, so get her one of these thoughtful presents.Have no clue what to buy your mom for Mother's Day? After years' worth of birthday and Christmas gifts, it can feel impossible to find the perfect gift for mom that isn't a cutesy DIY Mother's Day card. Consider getting her one of these super thoughtful, affordable gifts instead of just posting a Mom meme in your family group chat.If "Where are my glasses?" is basically your mom's catch phrase, gift her this wooden holder that doubles as a desk pet. Customize this soft fleece-lined blanket with all your mom's favorite memories: wedding photos, graduation pics, and, of course, multiple selfies of your beautiful face. Keep your mother from joining Team Cracked iPhone Screen with a rhinestone encrusted ring. It'll prop up her phone and keep it firmly attached to her hand. Even if she's never seen Mean Girls, your mom will love the boost of confidence (and caffeine) that comes with this cup. Give your mom the gift of healthy skin for Mother's Day. A makeup brush cleansing glove will help keep her tools bacteria-free. Gift your mom this timeless signet ring or get it personalized (for free!) with initials, a date, or a symbol. You can even draw a design yourself and Missoma will engrave it on the ring for you.Instead of trapping the armpit odor inside the gym bag, give mom a mesh version that will keep her clothes smelling fresh.Mom's skin will get the VIP treatment with this luxurious face mask. Since you can't afford to buy her diamonds, these crystal hoops will have to do. Mom will feel so chic in these mirrored stunner shades.  Show your mom she can do anything, with a pre-shattered glass ceiling necklace. Shop more adorably feminist gifts here. No need to redecorate your entire house for spring. A bright holo candle will do the trick.  Finally, a gift for mom you can keep for yourself. This Alex and Ani set comes with two matching bangles: one for you, one for her.  Gift her a toaster with a cute outfit. This fragrance smells just as nice as it looks (peep that matte rose gold finish). The musty floral scent is one of my all-time favorite perfumes. Tell her exactly how much you love her with this fill-in-the-blanks journal. Does mom about talk about getting new lenses in those glasses she bought ages ago? Or maybe she broke the lenses and hasn't had the time to get new ones put in? Well, you're in luck. Meet Lensabl, a company that lets you replace lenses in any pair of glasses and the whole process can be done online. You can customize the lenses to transition into sunglasses or you can opt for reading lenses (if mom is always struggling to read the menu in low-lit restaurants). And all the lenses they sell are scratch-resistant, anti-reflective and UV protected. Mom's going to LOVE them.Make sure mom opens up these shish kabob baskets, before you start the Mother's Day barbecue. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Did they plan this? The first weekend of Coachella 2019 was one I'll never forget, because it now marks the first time I ever laid eyes on a Kardashian/Jenner in real life. Day three of weekend one, Kendall sauntered up to the VIP box at Revolve Festival surrounded by a massive entourage, looking dead gorgeous. She was wearing gloves up to her shoulders, wildly inappropriate (fabulous) kitten heel booties, and a swipe of highlighter that could blind the gods. While I was avidly, shamelessly staring at the billion-dollar model, I noticed something else – she was dressed exactly like her younger sister Kylie Jenner.The night before, Kylie had made her annual appearance at Coachella with boyfriend Travis Scott to mark their two-year anniversary (they first hung out after Travis performed at the music festival in 2017). As a major departure from Kendall's Kentucky-derby-chic aesthetic, the youngest Jenner went fully glam-thot in a crystal-studded see-through dress with matching gloves.  🦋✨💫🎡A post shared by  Kylie ✨ (@kyliejenner) on Apr 14, 2019 at 10:11am PDTStealing each others' outfit ideas? Total sister move. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Slay that cap and gown.Dressing for graduation day is a lot of pressure. The photos will be revived yearly and seen by every person in your family basically for the rest of your life, which means your look has to be fierce. Below, shop the cutest affordable graduation dresses you won't regret wearing. Shop the look: Ruffled Skater Dress, $34, ASOS; Lucite Sandals, $35, Target; Pearl Ring Clutch, $19, ASOS; Black Sunglasses, $55, Quay AustraliaShop the look: Plus Size Floral Dress, $26, Target; Plaid Bag, $40, Call It Spring; Pink Mules, $56, ASOS; Bamboo Hoops, $5, Claire'sShop the look: Pleated Mini Dress, $72, ASOS; Rainbow Necklace, $7, Icing; Nude Mules, $55, Pretty Little Thing; Tropical Wallet, $30, Call It SpringShop the look: Blue Floral Dress (Similar), $72, Lulu's; Rhinestone Drop Earrings, $10, Icing; Green Mini Bag, $30, Call It Spring; Low Top Chuck Taylors, $40, Journey'sShop the look: White Embellished Dress (Similar), $48, ASOS; Silver Beaded Bag, $13, Light in the Box; Lavender Low Top Chuck Taylors, $55, Journey's		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You're going to body these looks! The trusted bodysuit has turned into everyone’s favorite-not-so-basic basic. This go-to piece is easy to style with various looks, for all kinds of occasions, and can be worn all year round (especially during those hard-to-dress-for 60 degree days). Rock one with your fave pair of jeans, at your next summer concert, or paired with a pencil skirt and blazer for your internship.Here are some of our favorite outfit ideas catering to your personal style using this updated basic...A bright neon bodysuit is sure to get the attention you are looking for. Make sure to pair it with neutrals (like high-waisted black jean shorts) to keep the look from going too overboard. What you'll need: Neon bodysuit, $25, MisguidedSHOP NOWSometimes you just want a no fuss fit that looks clean and feels good. Focus on the accessories here (aka a mini bag and sunglasses) for an effortless look. You can wear this fit to a college party or to the airport and slay either way.What you'll need: Black V Neck bodysuit, $68, RevolveSHOP NOW When it’s time to put on your business suit, style it with a leather blazer to elevate this basic into a boardroom-ready look. Opt for two complimentary tonal colors as an alternative to a suit. What you'll need:  High neck chocolate bodysuit, $18, Pretty Little Thing SHOP NOWIf you want to be cool on hot summer days, try this look. The slouchy jean w/ a touch of skin showing is giving us serious Aaliyah vibes.  What you'll need: White Cut out bodysuit, $50, Free PeopleSHOP NOW This bright suit screams business with a side of personality. Pair with sneakers to keep it young and fun. What you'll need:  Multi fabric  bodysuit, $40, ASOS SHOP NOWFor those of you who want to look comfortable and cute, opt for this easy all-black ensemble. Pair a flirty bodysuit with cut-off jeans and sneakers to dress it down. Add a pair of cool sunglass to really chill out your look. What you'll need: Black Lace bodysuit, $36, Lulu’sSHOP NOW Elevate your basic bodysuit and cut-off shorts by styling it with a duster coat. The duster instantly makes the look more dressed up. Pair with heels to complete this styled outfit.What you'll need: Nude V-neck bodysuit, $12.90, Forever 21SHOP NOW Baggy cargo pants are a great way to balance out the fitted bodysuit if your usual go-to is an oversized look. Opt for a pair of pumps to balance the boyfriend jeans for a feminine touch. What you'll need: White Long sleeve bodysuit, $19.99, Fashion Nova SHOP NOWEven the biggest fashion enthusiast has days where they cannot think about putting a look together. Try a matching set to give the illusion that you had it all together when you left the house in the morning.What you'll need: Black Scoop Neck bodysuit, $29, NordstromSHOP NOWThe stripes on the side of this bodysuit adds a sporty element to this staple. Mix and match denim to add your own personal touch to the look. Couldn't you just see Rihanna wearing this?!What you'll need: Black Sporty/Striped bodysuit, $34.99, Amazon SHOP NOWYellow is the color of happiness, so you are sure to feel your best when sporting this look.  Keep it simple with a fitted pair of jeans, the bodysuit speaks for itself! What you'll need:  Yellow scoop neck bodysuit, $20.94, Express SHOP NOWAdd a bomber jacket and dark accessories to give this bodysuit an edgy touch perfect for spring. Tinted sunglasses adds a hint of color while keeping this fit feeling edgy.What you'll need:  Basic Black bodysuit, $29, ZapposSHOP NOW How do you lay low in a lace bodysuit? Pile on the accessories. The all black with blue combo is a chic way to pull off blue jeans. And add a bandana to your neck for a chic vibe.What you'll need:  Full coverage lace bodysuit, $22, Nasty Gal SHOP NOWThis no fuss casual weekend look is easy to pull together. All you need is the perfect pair of cut-off shorts and your favorite (most worn in) sneakers. What you'll need:  Grey Knit bodysuit, $128, RevolveSHOP NOW A bodysuit with heavy metal adds edge to this basic. Accessories like dark tinted shades and combat boots compliment the look. What you'll need:  Samantha cowl neck bodysuit, $15, Fashion NovaSHOP NOW Animal prints, that is! If you love animal prints, throwing a jacket over a basic bodysuit is the best way to pull this bold look off. Accessories with hardware toughens things up. What you'll need:  Ribbed bodysuit, $68, Reformation SHOP NOWIf your dream look is inspired by a badass biker chick, then this look is for you! A leather jacket is a must for this, but take it up a notch with a bodysuit that has hardware also. Red sunnies add some color but still keeps the look tough.What you'll need:  Square neck bodysuit, $49, Neiman MarcusSHOP NOW A matching set does all the work for you. Adding a lace bodysuit to this set dresses the look up for a night out with friends! Break up this all white look a black bodysuit. What you'll need:  lace bodysuit, $28, PLT SHOP NOWBalance a skin showing bodysuit with an oversized sweater. This looks makes for the perfect balance btwn flirty and sweet. What you'll need:  white v neck bodysuit, $35, ASOSSHOP NOW This simple look is easy to throw on and go while still looking fresh and clean. Make a statement with an oversized bag, which is great for packing in all you need for a day of running around campus.What you'll need: Cream Scoop Neck bodysuit, $8, Boohoo  SHOP NOW		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Turn your ill-fitting jeans into custom ones.This is a modal window.Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window.End of dialog window.I know what you're thinking: Why would you want to shrink your jeans when you can just buy a pair your size? Well, let me ask you this: Ever find the most PERFECT denim pair — the wash and the price are just right — except they may be a bit bigger in a certain area (like the tush, leg, etc.)?If you've found your dream denim with a fit that's less than desirable, don't give up hope. Foolproof jean shrinking hacks will help you get a custom fit on those boyfriend jeans or your dream high-waisted denim silhouette without needed to visit a tailor or have your mom try to work her magic on them. Besides, experimenting with jeans by shrinking and redesigning them can be super fun, and if all ends well you have a one-of-a-kind pair. Get ready for those epic OOTD pics!Here are some easy ways to shrink your jeans...The way everyone shrinks their jeans is simple: HEAT! Wash them in hottest setting and then dry on hottest cycle. The heat causes all the fibers in the denim to contract, making the pair smaller.Want a more dramatic shrinking hack? Another great way is boiling them. Sounds funny, I know. Fill a pot with hot water and wait till it's at a rolling boil. Dunk those suckers in and keep fully underwater for a max of 30 minutes. Then dry on a high heat setting. After that, they're ready for you to flaunt them at your next summer concert.Have a big waistband or baggy knees? Shrink one spot with this mixture:It might sound crazy and you will probably feel a little funny doing this, but sitting in a warm (not hot) bath for a couple minutes in your jeans will stretch the threading out and help form the denim to your body shape. Lay out in the sun to dry.Feeling lazy? Well, then the answer is simple. Go to a tailor. You may spend more money, but little effort is involved in the process.   Looking for some extra jean hacks to customize your denim? Here's every trick in the book to getting your jeans to fit exactly how you want them to... 1. HEM TOO LONG? I know not all of us can be over 6’0, so give your jeans a frayed hem with scissors. Super easy and super cute. 2. TOO BAGGY? This happened to me. The waist fit just right but the legs and butt just were too oversized. I ended up cutting the legs and making a cute pair of boy shorts.3. THIGHS TOO TIGHT? Pull a Kylie Jenner and give your jeans a little cut on the back of your thigh. It’s a little risky, but makes for a great going-out pair. WARNING: Be careful when dropping it low on the dance floor at your prom afterparty. The rip might get bigger and you could end up with shorts by the morning. Trust me, I know from experience.4. WAIST TOO TIGHT? If everything is going great with your new pair, but you would like a little more wiggle room in the waist, try sewing in an elastic piece in the back. Yes, you may think it's very ~maternity jean~ but you’ll be thanking me at your next big dinner with the squad. All this jean talk is making me want to go shopping. If you're feeling the same way, here are some classic denim pairs you should consider adding to your wardrobe...		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Go classic for graduation. Don't let that "white dresses only" graduation dress code kill your style. Stand out from your classmates (now, alumni!) in these adorable white graduation dresses that you'll actually be excited to wear with your cap and gown. These minis and midis have got photo-worthy details like jumbo ruffles, intricate lace, asymmetrical hemlines, cool cutouts – basically, everything you need to shine in a sea of girls all wearing the same thing. Click ahead to shop the coolest, most unique ivory graduation dresses perfect for college, high school, and every party in between. Oh, and did I mention none of them are over a hundred?Don't have a dress code? Shop under-$100 graduation dresses in all colors here.If you're going for a more dressed-up vibe, a lace-trimmed midi hemline will make you look prim in seconds. A preppy scalloped hemline adds a Pinterest-y touch to this minimalistic fit-and-flare dress.Break the dress code just a little with teeny polka dots that stand out. This sheath is all business on one side, party on the other. Thanks to the single lace sleeve and cut out, this look is 100% non-boring. A little illusion detailing and flirty lace neckline makes this simple skater dress look so fashion. A pastel floral will make your look pop among the sea of school-mandated white graduation dresses. Future fashion majors, go ultra trendy with this puff sleeve show-stopper. Modern white with a sleek belt – this graduation dress will never go out of style.  I know you're headed straight for the beach once you get that diploma. Wear a beachy dress perfect for both. Instead of the typical lace pattern, this off-the-shoulder ruffled number is covered in breezy mesh. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			LOTS of cut-offs and sneakers ahead.Let's be real, the closest you'll actually get to Coachella is streaming "Thank U, Next" in your backyard. But you can still turn up your festival style this summer with some cool music festival trends that will make last year's shorts feel brand new. Click ahead for five fest-ready outfits you'll love. Shop the look: Yellow Halter Top, $10, Zara; Smiley Flower Earrings, $94, Susan Alexandra; Green Sunglasses, $20, Petals and Peacocks; Low-Top Chuck Taylors, $50, Journey's; High-Rise Denim Shorts, $30, Zara; Love Belt Bag, $178, Rebecca MinkoffShop the look: White Bandana, $6, Saks Fifth Avenue; Tie Dye Shirt, $20, Bershka; White Sandals, $40, Daybreaks; Denim Skirt, $25, H&M; Mini Backpack, $32, JanSportShop the look: Houndstooth Romper, $245, Onia; Woven Bag, $148, Rebecca Minkoff; Pink Sunglasses, $20, Petals and Peacocks; Sex Pistols Boots, $170, Dr. MartensShop the look: White Bralette, $38, Lulu's; Sun Hat, $13, Fashion Nova; Sunglasses, $173, Ray-Ban; Bandana Shorts, $150, Paradised; Yellow Sandals, DaybreaksShop the look: Checked Swimsuit, $30, Target; Checked Bucket Hat, $28, Petals and Peacocks; High Rise Black Shorts, $30, Zara; Blue Bag, $68, Think Royln; Black Sandals, $50, Daybreaks		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Nothing's over $60.If you think I'm pretty, you should see me in Billie Eilish's new merch line. The singer just dropped an all-neon merchandise line in collaboration with Takashi Murakami, the artist who created her newest video, "You Should See Me in a Crown." Fans can basically shop Billie's closet, because the collection includes all her favorite streetwear staples: oversized hoodies, graphic T-shirts, and beanies with graphics from the music video. Just like Ariana Grande's recent merch drop, every single item in the limited-edition collection comes with a digital album. By itself, the album costs $10 (download it on iTunes here), so you're basically getting tees for $20. Get shopping now, because the Billie Eilish x Takashi Murakami collection is only available in limited quantities until 11:59 pm ET on Thursday, March 4. And that shit's gonna sell fast.Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Kick up your boots and start shopping!With temps rising, so is our anticipation for warm weather activities. What we're not looking forward to? Spending countless hours searching for the perfect look (and caption) to capture for Insta once festival and concert season officially hits. 'Cause lbh, shopping is always hardest when you're trying to find something specific to wear. So if you're heading to a country music concert, look no further — we've rounded up 20 Western-inspired ideas that you can shop right from your couch. You're welcome. Turn heads in an embroidered mini! In a sea of plaid, denim, red and suede, you'll be easy to spot in the crowd. Plus, this fit is the perfect spring OOTD.WARNING: Beware of compliments. Wear at your own risk. Complete your outfit with a touch of turquoise, but try something less gaudy to maximize use. Pair this fit with a bandana wrapped around your neck for next-level country chic vibes.Your go-to shop for all things Western. Hawaiian shirts are back and perfect for laid-back events like a country concert (and they're especially ideal for that hard-to-dress-for 60 degree weather).It's 5 o'clock somewhere.  Quit squinting and get yourself a pair of fun sunnies! They up your cool factor immediately at ridiculously affordable prices. Pair them with a funky mini or pencil skirt and slay the day. No one will know they aren't designer.Mooooove over, zebra print. There's a new herd in town! Get in the country spirit with a dose of high-waisted, cow print pants.I like to moove it moove it. Get ready for all the likes. This modern cowgirl lewk is the epitome of country chic and we are living for it! Best of all? It works just as good at a concert as it does out on the streets. Don't forget to take a Boomerang!On a budget? Then a little flair is all you need to look Insta-ready. A bolo tie necklace is surprisingly versatile. Dress it up with a slip dress and cocoon cardigan or go casual in a flannel with daisy dukes.  Accessories make all the difference. Go hands-free with an updated classic like this fringe saddle crossbody. It's an excellent choice to carry all the essentials - phone, cash, sunnies, lipstick, and a water bottle. Think of it as a belt bag with Western flair.On trend, yet timeless.In the mood for something different? Try a boiler suit. Unbutton the top and let it hang from your hips if it's sweltering. Just don't forget to wear a crop top or bodysuit to avoid that awkward naked situation we all know too well when using the restroom! The shorter the sleeve the better.Tie-dye is making a major comeback and settling in for the year from what we've witnessed on FW19 runways. But if you're hesitant to jump on this trend wagon, test drive a simple tee for your upcoming concert. Paired with denim, this combo is like the white tee and jeans' cooler sister. Scoot aside, skinny jeans! We're starting to see a trend in more relaxed jeans and honestly, isn't that a better fit for a country concert? Opt for a high rise pair and you'll be ready to dance the night away.Denim under $50? Sold! Spend a little extra dough and get yourself a pair of authentic cowboy boots. Trust us - not only will they last you longer (if not a lifetime), but your feet and legs will thank you after a night of rocking out. An understated classic, these come with J-Flex Flexible Comfort System insoles for ultimate comfort. Give a sweet print like gingham some edge by adding a punch of black leather. The perfect mix of sexy and sweet.  Rope in your waist and toughen up feminine prints like the gingham dress above or the eyelet dress below with a cowboy style buckle belt. Rein in that waist and show off those curves! Ditch your denim and leather - what you need this season is a studded jacket to top off your lewk! Add to cart IMMEDIATELY. At over 70% off, it'd be a crime not to purchase this floral masterpiece. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Need to dress for awkward weather temps? It's much easier than you think!If you're stumped on what to wear when it's 60 degrees outside, you're not alone! The spring season can be quite tricky (and dressing for spring break can be even trickier). Temps can go from super warm to downright chilly. How do we survive this awkward time? The secret sauce is nothing fancy. Check out these super trendy looks to guide you during this glorious season that's finally upon us!How easy is this utility jumpsuit? Finish this chic outfit with your comfiest sneakers and a cute bag. What you'll need: Boohoo denim boiler suit, $38 us.boohoo.comShop NowBad gal Riri over here, channeling a modern day Marilyn Monroe with a slinky beige slip dress and a contrasting structured blazer, styled with classic side part curls. What you'll need: Choies satin cami dress, $25.99 choies.comShop NowAva aka Reese Witherspoon's doppelganger is looking chic as ever in this inspiring unconventional tweed outfit. Tube top with a matching wide leg trouser and colorful shoes....LOVE. What you'll need: Shein wide leg tweed pants $25 us.shein.comShop NowThe ultimate street style bait! Top this windbreaker off with a cool belt to cinch your waist, and you'll stun like Hailey Bieber.What you'll need: Urban Outfitters windbreaker jacket, $29.99 urbanoutfitters.comShop NowIf your staple is all black yet girly, this is for you! Puff sleeves are huge this season, and super stunning on all bods. What you'll need: Reclaimed Vintage shoulder puff dress, $39 us.asos.comShop NowGo for low-key, high-waisted denim jeans with a super feminine ruffly off the shoulder top to elevate your style effortlessly. What you'll need: Tobi organza off the shoulder top, $30 tobi.comShop NowTake a cue from Kendall Jenner and don't be afraid to mix it up! Rock statement earrings with boot cut denim, and throw on some chunky dad sneakers. What you'll need: Forever 21 twist front sweater, $25.99 forever21.comShop NowJanelle Monae, the fashion BOSS of tuxedo dressing. What you'll need: Pretty Little Thing gingham blazer, $35 prettylittlething.us Shop NowI mean...who doesn't love everything about Millie Bobby Brown?? Balance your girly bold stripe dress with sneakers. And voila! Major cool girl status. What you'll need: Endless Rose striped midi dress, $47.50 shopbop.comShop NowThrow on a bright statement coat and you'll be the center of attention literally everywhere you go. Seriously, people won't be able to look away. What you'll need: Neese lime green vinyl raincoat, $28.80 galls.comShop NowHow cute is Amandla?? Overalls will never go out of style and they're super easy to wear. What you'll need: Topshop black overalls, $30 us.topshop.comShop Now The athleisure trend is definitely here to stay, and we're not mad about it! Wear a hoodie with black denim/leggings. And BOOM. You're now a street style influencer. Get those OOTD pics ready.What you'll need: Fila logo hoody, $36 midwestsports.comShop NowCreate a monochrome outfit that will instantly elevate your attire. Minimalism aka simplicity is key to a refined style. What you'll need: Asos skirt in ribbed knit, $40 us.asos.comShop NowNothing against the holy trinity of black, white, and grey, but army green is the unexpected neutral hue that goes with everything. Check it out! What you'll need: Urban Outfitters vintage trench coat, $39.99 urban outfitters.comShop NowSuits are not only meant for the office! What you'll need: Everleigh woven blazer, $39.97 nordstromrack.comShop NowAre you daring enough to take on this challenge?? Some say the ability to mix prints is a talent. I say it's all about confidence. Put any two types of prints together in the same color range and you can be chic as ever too! What you'll need: Forever 21 plaid trench coat, $38.99 forever21.comShop NowStyle a cool edgy leather jacket with a floral dress and boots for the perfectly balanced spring outfit. What you'll need: Urban Outfitters Trim Midi Slip Dress, $39.99 urbanoutfitters.comShop NowThis season's biggest trend is tie-dye, and it's super easy to wear. Throw on a statement top with classic jeans and you're done! What you'll need: Romwe tie dye crop tee, $5.95 us.romwe.comShop NowWhen you're literally starting to bask in the sun, wear a dress with a bright pop of color and you're done! Super easy and effortless. What you'll need: Milumia flowy dress, $33.99 amazon.com Shop NowPuffy sleeves are here, large and in charge. Style this with a pair of high waisted denim jeans and cute brogues. What you'll need: Pretty Little Thing white puff sleeve cropped blouse, $28 prettylittlething.us Shop NowRetro moment here! Very sixties mini skirt with a cute dinosaur sweater. What you'll need: Blank Denim corduroy mini skirt, $33.60 shopbop.comShop Now 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The perfect mix of class and sass. Did you know that Christian Dior introduced the classic pencil skirt to the fashion world during his Fall/Winter 1954 collection? How iconic! The fitted skirt creates a stunning look for anyone, which is why it's known as a closet staple. It's even a look you could rock for prom as a co-ord set. For a fashion forward spin, ditch the heels for sneakers. So much more modern and comfy! Here are all the best pencil skirts to slay at your internship, job, or in class...Be the classy cool girl that you are with a leather skirt.  Dress it up like Megan Markle with heels or down with sneakers. Both will look effortlessly chic!What you'll need: Express high waisted leather skirt, $35.94 express.comShop Now2019 is all about breaking stereotypes. Take it to the next level and embrace athleisure with a sporty pencil skirt and a pair of sneakers. Add some totally on-point hair clips to steal the show.What you'll need: Puma classic ribbed skirt, $33.75 Nordstrom.comShop NowWith spring right around the corner, make a statement with a fun colorblock skirt! What you'll need: Asos skinny midi skirt, $40 asos.comShop Now Try the timeless and minimal, yet fashion forward, black skirt! Lana Condor totally rocks one here.What you'll need: Vince Camuto pointe-knit midi skirt, $69 macys.comShop NowHow cute is Keira Knightly? Tweed will always be in style, the very definition of class and sophistication. What you'll need: Tahari fringed pencil skirt, $63.20 mays.comShop Now Animal print (leopard, snakeskin, cheetah) is a huge trend this season. And Maddie knows what's up!  What you'll need: Shein leopard skirt, $9 shein.comShop NowJeans aren't just for pants. Mix it up and try out this denim skirt with a cute hoodie! What you'll need: Zara washed effect pencil skirt, $39.90 Zara.comShop NowCreate a colorful and bold outfit that has you looking like walking happiness. What you'll need: Halogen ponte pencil skirt, $59 nordstrom.comShop NowPush the boundaries of a typical office lewk and wear a matching blazer with matrix sunnies and a cute little top handle bag! What you'll need: Ann Taylor plaid wrap knit pencil skirt, $89 anntaylor.comShop NowThe ruching technique dates all the way back to the victorian era circa 1837 and it's back! The gathering of fabric creates a badass look on anyone. What you'll need: Pleione side rushed pencil skirt, $14.99 tjmaxx.comShop NowWho doesn't love to shine?? Literally glittering, strutting down the street. Try a sequin skirt with a loose blouse. What you'll need: Good Gracious silver sequin pencil skirt, $34 lulus.comShop NowYou can never go wrong with florals.  The print is all about embracing the joy and romance of summer. And how could would it be to wear a floral skirt like this to graduation?!What you'll need: VFShow high waist pencil skirt, $27.99 amazon.comShop NowHelloooo Kim Kardashian!! Aka QUEEN of pencil skirts. Finish off the extra long pencil skirt with a tank crop top and heels. What you'll need: Romwe ribbed knit pencil skirt, $8.95 us.romwe.comShop NowIf you think laces are only for weddings...think again! This beautiful fabric can be very much part of your everyday. It would also make for an adorable bottom half of a co-ord 2-piece lace prom outfit.What you'll need: Monroe & Main trace of lace pencil skirt, $39.79 monroeandmain.comShop NowWant to look taller?? Wear a vertically striped skirt to elongate your legs with a pair of heels. What you'll need: Zulily black & white striped midi skirt, $17.99 zulily.comShop NowGigi Hadid is legit glowing in yellow. Doesn't this color just remind you of summer? Finish off the spandex skirt with a sporty crop top! What you'll need: Forever 21 ribbed knit pencil skirt, $25 forever21.comShop NowSalma Hayek shows off her curves in a bold red skirt with an even bolder top with striped sheer sleeves. What you'll need: Boden winsford pencil skirt, $65 bodenusa.comShop NowAshley Graham always looks fab in everything. A minimal style that makes a huge statement!  What you'll need: Lulus body con pencil skirt, $39 lulus.comShop NowPlaid as we know it emerged in Scotland way back when during the 1700s. Also, known as tartan or check, season after season we see this beautiful print walk down the runway. What you'll need: Topshop check pencil midi skirt, $24 us.topshop.comShop Now Maia SLAYS in a matching striped crop and pencil skirt with tousled hair and classic pumps. How CUTE! What you'll need: Michael Michael Kors striped pencil skirt, $41.25 michaelkors.comShop Now		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			These scrunchies are everything you need... and more.If you love to keep your hair out of your face while still looking fire AF, then you're in need of a scrunchie, my friend. This '90s staple is now making a major comeback, with some of your fave celebs and influencers rocking the fabric hair tie all over Instagram. The best part is that there's truly a scrunchie for every occasion: spring break, prom, graduation, and even your first day at college. Here are a bunch of scrunchies you need to add to your cart ASAP...A pearl scrunchie will instantly elevate your look. Trust me. Plus, this hair tie will totally fit in with the '90s barrettes that are taking over the fashion world this year.ICYMI, tie dye is in. Wear one (or stack all 3) to be on trend.  Living for a giant bow moment (you KNOW Jojo Siwa is)? It'll add a feminine touch to your 'fit, and just the perfect amount of extra. I know what you're thinking. Technically it isn't an actual scrunchie. But it is majorly cute... maybe charm hair-ties are the next charm bracelet? Wear it around your hair, neck, wrist, purse handle, belt loop (just like a bandana) - your options are endless. Also perfect for the upcoming festival season. Bring some luxe to your life with this velvet 10 pack. Silky smooth, and beyond chic! This metallic scrunchie will instantly amp up your prom look. These ribbon ponytail holders are way cute. And did I mention you can personalize them!?Give your look a pop of color with an oversized neon scrunchie.This silky scarf can be worn as a regular pony, or try incorporating it into your updo.These silk scrunchies are essential to crease-free hair. Your hair deserves TLC 24/7, not just during the day! This 3 pack is key to attracting attention - in all the best ways. These leather scrunchies are major. And go perfectly with your next rainy day outfit.Give your pony some love with a silk bow. It comes in other colors and can double as arm candy. This fruity scrunchie bow is perfect for your next vacay look. Dress up your daytime look with one of these sequined scrunchies and you'll be turning heads instantly. These hair ties are almost angelic. And the colors are perfect for spring. Work out - but make it fashun. Now you can sweat in style. You can never go wrong with a simple bow, or a metallic one for that matter.Pair this leopard scrunchie with a cute hair clip to complete your look. Bring out your inner mermaid in this scrunchie! 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Looking for new ways to update your look in seconds? A bandana is the solution. Update your summer look in seconds with this must-have accessory. The bandana is a super versatile style add-on that can be worn around the neck, hair or arm. Did I mention it's also functional? Opt for a cute bandana when you hit up the summer festival circuit or when you're snapping beach OOTDs during spring break, and this cute cloth square will keep shiny foreheads and bugs at bay. And with some as low as $5, you won't break the bank on this super cute fashion staple. Find some inspiration from the following looks.Want to keep your hair out of your face? Simply roll up a bandana and wear it as headband. This is also the perfect hair accessory to use when you're dismantling the patriarchy with your bare hands.You can never go wrong with a black bandana.Complete your rockstar look with this animal print bandana. Lay the cloth flat against your head (with the edge of the bandana situated right above your eyebrows) and tie at the back of your head. A bandana can also look super cute with your box braids.Don't be afraid of an animal print. It's one of the hottest trends this season, so get ready to see a lot of it around this spring.Tie your bandana up like this *Rosie the Riveter* inspired look. Pair with a cute AF romper and you're ready for your next festival. You can even rock this look to the airport and people will mistake you for a celeb.Trying to stay away from the traditional bandana? Try this intricate patterned bandana scarf instead.Want neck scarf vibes that feel a little less stuffy? Try this exposed bandana look with some cool overalls and it'll will spice up your look in seconds.  Can't get enough of floral prints? Add this to a neutral outfit for a much-needed pop. This tie will never go out of style! Simply tie the bandana around your neck and leave the knot facing forward. Try it and you will feel très chic.Bring some sunshine to your next outing with this yellow bandana.This looks is perfect for the beach when you don't want the wind to get the best of your hair. Rock it with a swimsuit and look fly AF.This silk scarf will be super easy to wear as a head-wrap. Dressing up for party or want to look super edgy at prom? Try a silk bandana as a choker.    Don't like the traditional paisley bandana?  This pastel colored bandana is perfect for you! Update your ponytail by topping it off with a bandana.Nothing is more extra than this coin-fringed biker bandana, and that's why it's absolutely perfect in every way. Pair it with some classic high-rise jeans for total cool girl vibes.Heading out to festival this spring or summer? This is your go-to look.This baroque print bandana scarf will add an elegant touch to any outfit! Try this fashion forward look by tying a bandana around the top of your dress. Don't you just love the red and blue combo on this paisley bandana?Try tying a bandana scarf on your purse — it will turn heads. Who said the heart print is exclusive for Valentine's day?Look at this iconic duo! Try wearing a bandana under a hat and it will keep both fashion elements in place. Also, check out more iconic Rihanna outfits here.Cannot get enough of this color-block bandana. This is perfect for the hat and bandana duo — you could either go for the black or white bandana look depending on which side you face forward.  Try swapping out your belt with a bandana. Another alternative is to tie a bow in the front two belt loops for some added interest to your waistline.Drooling over this tie-dye bandana — so on trend for this season!Top off your bun or any other cute updo with a bandana. This graphic bandana will add an edgy look to your fit.   Try tying this bandana scarf to your arm and update your bracelet game in the process.Try changing up the traditional bandana with this lemon print bandana scarf. It's only $9.99! 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Swearing off color for good. Where all my goth/emo/I-just-don't-like-wearing-color girls at?! You're about to flip over these five crazy cute, crazy affordable mini dresses perfect for prom, homecoming, and everything formal in between. You'll def stand out in these totally unique, all-black dresses.Into the vibe? Shop more black prom dresses here. Shop the look: Black Rainbow Striped Dress, $73, Lulu's; Glitter Hoop Earrings, $58, Revolve; Zebra Clutch, $60, Nordstrom; Pink Lucite Heels, $165, House of CBShop the look: Black Fringe Dress, $60, Zara; Mule Heels (Similar), $30, Fashion Nova; Black Satin Mini Bag (Similar), $68, Nina; Rhinestone Drop Earrings, $45, EttikaShop the look: Two-Tone Sequin Dress, $40, Zara; Silver Clutch, $148, Rebecca Minkoff; Strappy Silver Heel, $70, Chinese LaundryShop the look: Black Floral Dress, $278, Couture Candy; High Top Chuck Taylor Sneakers, $55, Converse; Black Crystal Clutch, $65, NinaShop the look: Chain Necklace, $48, Rebecca Minkoff; Sequin Dress, $378, Couture Candy; Black Platform Sandal, $30, Fashion Nova; Black Velvet Bag (Similar), $80, Nordstrom Rack		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Who said dresses are the only thing you can wear to prom?Prom night usually involves walking into a room FULL of dresses. So take a tip from me and try out some of these fun and bold prom suiting options. Comfy, cool and still chic, these suits will make you fall in love with your prom look. Match your date or slay your school theme all without the struggle of needing your friend to hold up your massive skirt in the bathroom. All the sequins and glitter included!Add a heeled cowgirl boot to take this western-inspired prom suit to the next level! Also, if you're in need of prom shoes, look no further!Yes, I classify a jumpsuit as a suit. Also, when it's metallic and disco-like, who wouldn’t want it wear it to prom?!Something about a jacquard suit is so luxe. And the fact that this co-ord is made for girls over 5’9 feels custom AF.Show off your legs in this short suit. The lime green color will pop against the lights when you're dancing the night away! And heads up: You have to buy each piece of this set individually. Matching shorts are coming up on the next slide.Snag these shorts with the matching double-breasted top for a look that will SLAY your IG feed.Bring out your inner Elle Woods with a bubblegum pink power suit to show you are all business when it comes to prom style. Matching pant on the next slide so you can nail this head-to-toe look.Rock this color block look at prom and make the rest of your class jelly.A sequin 2-piece set for under $50? Add to cart.These vertical stripes really elongate the body, making it impossible for the whole room not to look you up and down. Plus, why pick one color when you can wear them all. Matching pants on the next slide to get the whole look.Wide leg pants that you can really dance in? Those sound prom-perfect.Channel Austin Powers and look groovy in this all velvet suit.Get the pants here and you're sure to look glam AF.Who wouldn’t want to be a human disco ball at their prom, am I right?Just your classic tuxedo...in romper form...with sequins. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Feel like you're wearing PJs, but look like a million bucks.What's your fly zone dress code? Are you all about that track suit life like Elle Fanning or do you take it up a notch with a studded leather jacket like Hailey Beiber? Here are options to fit all of your travel moods. We can't guarantee you will get the window seat, but you will look great if you take some style tips from these chic frequent fliers. Now, you won't have to wait until you arrive at your spring break destination or hot music festival to look like you're truly on vacation.Those abs tho! The next thing that caught our eye was the color blocked bag. Adds a pop o' color to sleek black and the size is juuust right. Also, isn't that leather moto jacket to die for?Get the look: DSW bag, $49.99, dsw.comShop NowKaia is a master of tomboy chic. Take a page from her book with these cropped plaid pants. Get the look: J.O.A pants, $45, lulus.comShop NowFor those days when you just want to blend in and camo pairs well with almost errrrythang.Get the look: Target Sweatshirt, $19.99, target.comShop NowA basic jacket doesn't have to mean boring thanks to the boxy shape and dark wash. Get the look: Old Navy jacket, $36, oldnavy.gap.comShop Now Not your dad's track suit thanks to the candy color and extra points for matching your sunnies.  Get the look: Fixmatti Tracksuit, $28.99, amazon.comShop NowCasual, but make it cute. The glasses read fashion, but are good cover when you are tired and have to catch an early flight.Get the look: Cat Eye Sunglasses, $40, nordstrom.comShow NowLong flights call for something super comfy like leggings and since tie dye is happening these are the perfect pair for rn.Get the look: Tie dye leggings, $12.45, forever21.comShop NowMrs. Beiber does not play when it comes to her airport look. A leather jacket is a great option when it's freezing on the plane and the studs make it next level.Get the look: Studded faux leather jacket, $44.99, amazon.comShop NowEye of the tiger, literally. You can only wear your statement tee so many times before your friends get sick of it so take it on the road.Get the look: Sequin tiger t-shirt, $29, asos.comShop NowWe love the mix of sweet and tough happening here. Also, if you're a Siwanator dying to know more about your queen, go here.Get the look: Distressed jeggings, $43.96, pacsun.comShop NowA loose fitting dress makes long travel days more bearable and the sneakers/dress combo is still going strong. Get the look: Printed dress, $17.99, mango.comShop NowFor those of us who never travel light a backpack is best and even better in silver metallic. Shop even more cute backpacks here.Get the look: Converse silver backpack, $25.99, kohls.comShop NowNot your mom's mom jeans thanks to a statement belt.Get the look: Oversized square buckle belt, $6.95, us.romwe.comShop NowPink packs a punch in a satin bomber jacket. Shop even more spring jackets here.Get the look: Shay satin bomber jacket, $19.99, fashionnova.comShop NowOf course Cole Sprouse is the ultimate travel accessory, but the next best thing is a stylish, comfy loafer.Get the look: Asos Design tassel loafers, $40, asos.comShop NowThese jeans are giving off laid back 70s vibes which we all need more of when dealing with the stresses of the airport security line.Get the look: Express high waisted light wash jeans, $47.94, express.comShop NowThe hoodie and sunglasses combo provides for optimal plane napping conditions. Now that Zayn seems to be out of the picture, Gigi is all about that jet setting life.Get the look: Gia red cropped hoodie, $36, revolve.comShop Now Of course your gate is the very last one at the end of the terminal. Ugh. High tops make the schlep there more bearable.Get the look: Reebok high top sneakers, $75, bloomingdales.comShop NowCargos are great on the go because pockets! Sabrina goes full on army with the vest and boots.Get the look: Zara drawstring cargo pants, $49.90, zara.comShop NowA matching set pulls double duty, allowing for comfort, but also making you look put together. This set also provides a ton of coverage (as we know, Kenny will sometimes opt for sheer looks that pack a punch).Get the look: Grey cable knit sweater and legging set, $50, prettylittlething.usShop NowIf you are only allowed one carry one make it a big structured bag with plenty of room for your stuff and extra packets of free pretzels. Get the look: Menifee black quilted bag, $55, aldoshoes.comShop NowTrucker hats give off a "not in the mood to talk" vibe to chatty Kathy seat mates.Get the look: Travis Mathew trucker hat, $29.95, nordstrom.comShop Now Combat boots are always a good idea and we like the way Olivia has pared them back to a more simple look.Get the look: Resonda combat boots, $42.99, amazon.comShop NowCold planes call for warm jackets and the varsity style is a no-brainer.Get the look: Contrast trim varsity jacket, $19, shein.comShop NowDenim on denim is a great travel uniform. The cropped flare jeans look cool with classic white kicks.Get the look: Cropped flare jeans, $47.94, express.comShop NowThere's a time and a place for a onesie and a long flight is def one of them.Get the look: Hooded teddy onesie, $45, asos.comShop nowYour luggage doesn't have to be basic. A printed carry on lets your style shine through.Get the look: Mia Viaggi carry on, $49.99, bedbathandbeyond.comShop now		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Long live the high rise! I'm just gonna say it: I hope that low rise jeans never, – and I cannot stress this enough – never come back in style. High rise jeans emphasize your waist, make your legs look longer, and serve major booty. It's the ultimate denim experience! That being said, sometimes you can get stuck in a jeans-and-a-T-shirt rut with your favorite blues and they start to feel a little less exciting. That's where this story comes into play. I've pulled together all the coolest instances of high-waist-denim-wearing so that you'll have endless inspo to pull from the next time you get dressed.Up ahead, the coolest ways to wear high waisted jeans. Wide leg, high rise jeans seem like a big commitment, but Yara proves it can be done. Just wear them with a simplistic top, so your outfit doesn't look overly retro. Chunky, vintage-esq belts are having a major moment. Use yours to cinch the waist of your baggiest straight-leg jeans for a more fitted silhouette. You'll never not look cool in a buttoned-up chambray tucked into high waisted jeans. Glam up the look with a pair of sleek pumps or go for streetwear vibes with a pair of pumped-up sneakers.If your color palette consists of black, dark black, faded black, black with cat hair, and blue-black, this is a low-key way to add a little variety to your wardrobe, without actually wearing color. Break up your black staples with a pair of chic straight-leg jeans.An old-school graphic tee and a solid medium-wash pair of mom jeans will always serve 1990s inspo, as long as you've got the right footwear. Try the recently revived Air Force 1s or Reebok Classics for a look straight out of Saved By the Bell. Fans of the western trend, Mrs. Bieber is here to serve you realness. If you're not into cowboy-chic, skip the boots and wear your jeans, blazer, and button-up with loafers instead. Keep a teeny tiny crop top looking laid-back with a pair of ultra casual distressed jeans. The relaxed fit will make even your hottest top look daytime appropriate. High rise jeans don't have to look like you raided grandma's closet. A shredded pair will make your whole outfit feel streetwear-cool, especially when paired with a cropped hoodie and just-out-of-the-box sneakers.BREAKING: You actually can make a turtleneck look sexy. Just throw on your tightest pair of hot pants and some flirty heeled boots for a modest 'fit that still looks hot. Let this outfit stand tribute to the fact that jeans really can do anything (and Rihanna really can wear anything). A pair of blues will tone down even the craziest outfit and make it feel totally wearable. If you're looking to rotate your trademark jeans into your summertime parade of short-shorts, try pairing them with a super sheer top. The lightweight fabric will keep you cool, even with long pants.If an all-over denim look isn't your thing, try switching up the tint. Black skinnies with a light-wash denim jacket feel totally laid-back. No one will even notice you're wearing jeans from head to toe. Now that Khloe has launched her own denim brand Good American, she's been stunting in blues nonstop. Follow her lead in the most classic pair-up there ever was: ripped skinnies and a leather moto. Ashleigh Murray serves up a lesson in making a would-be business-professional blouse look like a party top. Tuck your go-to internship top into some ripped skinny jeans and throw on your most extra gold hoops for your next girls' night. Be the '90s baby you were born to be in a barely-buttoned cardigan sweater. Bella's platform combat boots make the pairing seem a little more rocker.Wearing dark-washed denim from head to toe is the fashion girl's two-piece suit. An inky wash makes a good old fashioned Canadian Tuxedo look way posh. Balance out a volumized puff-sleeve top or a loud print with a pair of sleek skinny jeans in a medium/dark wash. The tailored fit will make anything look polished.A full tuck will put your jeans (and complimenting belt) on display. This simple outfit hack frames your pants to give them the starring role in your outfit.  Feeling uninspired by the same old denim? Add paint splatter yourself for an artsy look, like Amandla's. Wear your boyfriend's shirt with your boyfriend jeans. Ya man's button-up becomes a flirty blouse with just a quick DIY. Roll up the sleeves, knot the waist, and go off-the-shoulder to make the boxy cut more fitted.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			If you clasp your bra behind your back you're wrong. It has recently come to my attention via a viral Twitter thread that some people are out of their damn minds. Let me elaborate: apparently, there's an entire class of people out there HOOKING THEIR BRAS BEHIND THEIR BACKS. As in, they blindly feel around for the right hook and just hope to the gods that they find it. My question to those people: do you also close your eyes before buttoning your shirt? Do you do your belt backwards and just hope you get the right hole?? What is the reason for this unnecessary difficulty you're inflicting upon your own morning routine? A lot of other people are on my side, according to a tweet originally posted by user @nakaimosu, which is now getting a LOT of attention.The post asks: "hey y’all how do you put on a bra?? with the clasp in front of you and then turn it around, or putting the bra on regularly and clasping it from the back ??? I GOTTA KNOW."People are now fighting to the death over their answers. There are those who swear by option A (the right answer, don't you dare @ me), clasping it in the front and then turning it around. the first way is the only way to do itThen, there's those in option B, who prefer to fumble around behind their backs for what I can only assume is roughly 6 minutes before finding the right hook.people who do the blue are WEAK pic.twitter.com/P87vzQdIguOn top of that, you've got a whole bunch of utter maniacs who pull their already-clasped bra over their head like a shirt, which I would assume wreaks utter havoc on their elastic band.Put it on like a shirt 🤠i put it on like a t-shirtThere's another group of hooligans who step into their bra like a skirt and pull it all the way up to their boobs. i literally clasp it and then step into it like a skirt n pull it up 😂😂😂😂😂💀And then there's this person who does all of the above depending on the day.This is utter madness and that's all I have to say about that.  Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Or just staying at home, whatever. Whether you're making the trek to Coachella Valley or just want to get your festival style on for the 'gram, summer is the perfect time to try funky new trends. At this year's fests, edgy details like animal print, faux leather, and platform shoes will be all over the place. But fear not, flower-crown-lovers, there are some femme looks too. Puff sleeves, smocking, and pearl accessories will be your go-to all season long.Check out the cutest festival fashion trends of 2019 that will have you totally concert-ready.Kim Kardashian just wore snakeskin from head to toe and since her word is law, you can bet Coachella will be packed with the print. Fans of floral, I've got your next obsession. Pearls are popping up all over the fashion world – everything from hair clips to mini bags are getting the pretty treatment. Just add baguette bags to the list of '90s trends currently making a comeback.  Smocked tops look cute and have one major benefit: no bra required. With all that fabric and elastic, you have plenty of support.Don't want to free the nips? Shop our favorite bras here. Just knot a silky scarf around your I-haven't-washed-my-hair-in-four-days bun and you'll be getting compliments all day. For major throwback vibes, rock this lace-up crop top with a pair of vintage low-rise jeans. Artsy, asymmetrical sandals are the perfect upgrade from the gladiators you wore out last year.Take your western obsession one step further with a strappy bikini in the classic country-girl print.  A blinged-out heart earring makes the girly motif look rocker-glam, instead of kiddie. The wooden finish makes this vintage-y sandal look so much more modern.You've probably been wearing this trend since last December, but these stripes are sticking. Zebra mini dresses and floaty skirts will be a staple in the music festival circuit. Khaki cargos are going back to their natural habitat: the desert. This safari fave is perfect for all your wildest Coachella nights.  Basically everything you kept in your caboodle as a kid is now getting a revival. Bring on the scrunchies and hair clips!Wrap this chunky belt around the sundress you wear way too much. It'll look like new in seconds.  These are basically the sandal version of your go-to dad sneakers – and they'll be just as popular, too. Signet rings are fashion bloggers' favorite detail for spring 2019.Pull off pleather in the desert (without overheating) in a breathable pair of coated bike shorts. Laser-cut weaving makes everything from sporty belt bags to cowboy boots feel a little more boho. Basically, it's perfect for your next music festival.No matter what festival you're headed to, you'll be doing a lot of walking. These trendy shoes will keep you comfortable, no matter how hard you dance.While everyone else is rocking rainbow-dyed T-shirts, you'll be taking the trend to new levels with a chic black and white print.Ditch your typical fanny pack for this high-fashion version. Honestly, you can skip the shopping trip and just raid your dad's closet for this one. Full-on cowboy boots aren't for everyone. Try a modern white boot with a super subtle western feel to take on the trend without anyone knowing.It's much too hot for lucite booties in the Coachella Desert, so try a PVC belt bag or clear earrings instead.Tiny shades have gotten even more early 2000s with a trendy new square frame. Last summer, there were cowrie shells hanging from every earlobe on your Instagram feed. Now, the beachy inspo is popping up on necklaces, bags, and even shoes. Keep your toes protected from wild music festival crowds with these combat-ready boots that can take on all terrains.  Flat, thick mini hoops will give you a major dash of gold, but won't get caught in your hair.  This '80s-inspired trend offers major volume to balance out your teeny tiny shorts. Rolling Stones x Happy Sockshappysocks.com$16BUY NOWPrinted socks are the easy hack for making dirty sneakers look cool. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Never not trying to match an outfit to an occasion. Getting dressed for what may be the most important night of your high school career is already stressful enough—and factoring in a theme makes it ever harder. However, figuring out what to wear can actually be fun when you have a little inspo to help. We polled you guys to find out which three themes are most popular this year, and we’re showing you *exactly* how to pull them off from head to toe. Spoiler: The outfits are so cute, you’ll probably be tempted to wear them off the dance floor, too. Don’t ditch greenery completely—it's an enchanted forest theme, after all—but let the motif show up as an accent instead of wearing head-to-toe blooms (this way, you don’t blend in with the decor). Try playing it up with accessories, like daisy earrings. ASOS DESIGN Maxi Dress, $135 SHOP NOWConverse Chuck Taylor All Star Hi Sneaker, $54.99 SHOP NOWRebecca De Ravenel Daisy Drop Earrings, $295 SHOP NOWVisible socks are having a moment. A sheer style with flowers makes them feel extra fancy...aka perfect for prom. Topshop Satin Slip Dress, $68 SHOP NOWPretty Polly Sheer Floral Socks, $12 SHOP NOWConverse Chuck Taylor All Star Lo Sneaker, $49.99 SHOP NOWSneaker decorating party, anyone? This is a super girly theme, so adding studs or patches to your shoes will help give your look a major cool factor. Converse’s canvas fabric makes for an ideal base—just whip out the glue gun and get to work! Bonus tip: Rhinestones and patches are easy to find at craft stores—have your friends each bring a selection so you can mix and match.Free People Siren Sequined Mini Dress, $100 SHOP NOWConverse Chuck Taylor All Star Hi Sneaker, $54.99 SHOP NOWRebecca de Ravenel Forget Me Not Round Drop Earrings, $295 SHOP NOWTo make sure that your mask is 100 percent unique, make your own! Start with a plain mask that you can get at any party supply store and add paint, glitter, feathers—whatever sparks your creativity.Bonus tip: Try wearing your sneakers without laces for a more ~formal~ lewk.ASOS Cami Wrap Midi Dress, $103 SHOP NOWConverse Chuck Taylor All Star Slip On Sneaker, $49.99 SHOP NOWH&M Tights, $12.99 SHOP NOWGoing old-school will help you avoid the carnival vibe that can sometimes go hand in hand with a masquerade theme. Instead, think: luxe fabrics and warm colors with bold makeup. Try a cool patterned suit or a soft gold dress with matching gold jewelry and eyeshadow.Topshop Lace Back Satin Slip Dress, $100 SHOP NOWConverse Chuck Taylor All Star Hi Sneaker, $54.99 SHOP NOWShein Open Front Blazer, $27 SHOP NOWEveryone expects a high heel for this theme, so go the other direction. Your classmates will be reconsidering sneakers for their next party when they see you dancing away because your feet don't hurt. Pro tip: tie your laces like a ballerina. It’s not only an uber-cute way to tie shoes, but it will also prevent any dance floor mishaps. ASOS Premium Tulle Maxi Prom Dress, $103 SHOP NOWNina Metallic Mesh Handbag in Silver, $58SHOP NOW Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Hi Sneaker, $54.99 SHOP NOWOld-school screen legends would most certainly approve of this look. A sequin dress with fringe detail plus cropped fur and pearl hair accessories may sound like a bit much, but this harmonious look brings it back to the glory days of Hollywood excess—and we’re here for it.Bonus tip: Vintage stores are a great place to search for costume jewelry.Laundry by Shelli Segal Sheath Dress, $182.40 SHOP NOWConverse Chuck Taylor All Star Lo Sneaker, $49.99 SHOP NOWForever21 Lilac Oversized Coat, $32.99 SHOP NOWTry getting into the Hollywood spirit with a trick from red carpet stylists: monochromatic dressing. It's a great way to play into a theme without being too obvious, and it's really easy to do. Just mix and match shades of your chosen color, like this all-pink look.H&M Dress in Powder Pink, $17.99 SHOP NOWConverse Chuck Taylor All Star Lo Glitter Sneaker, $64.99 SHOP NOWTopshop Welt Glitter Socks, $6.00 SHOP NOWStyling by Brie Welch, Makeup by Mark Edio, Hair by Charles McNair.Special thanks to Motif Studios. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Hopefully she remembered boob tape. Whether she's rocking underwear as outerwear, a simple little white dress or nothing at all, Kim Kardashian changes the entire fashion game every time she steps out of the house. Here are ten of her most innovative and inspiring looks that no one other than her could pull off. Kim straight up forgot to wear pants while out in Paris. Instead, she wore a glitter bodysuit with matching see-through tights. Honestly this whole look has me wondering: should I wear tights as pants? The answer is yes, don't @ me. All hail Kim's boobs! The star flaunted underboob, upper boob, cleavage, and every other kind of boob while on her way to the Hollywood Beauty Awards. Just... wow. Ever since Kylie Jenner's ultra girly 21st birthday party, the entire Kardashian crew has been living in pink. Over the weekend, Kim stepped out in a simple pastel mini that she dressed up with some 2018 af accessories: clear heels, Matrix–style sunnies, and a bedazzled french fry bag. Iconic. TOGA, TOGA, TOGA! Kimmy accepted her CFDA Influencer Award in a matching set that may or may not have been crafted from her hotel bed sheets. She added on extra Grecian flare with massive gold bangles on each wrist. Kim is doing lazy girls everywhere a solid by single-handedly making Leggings As Pants™ totally trendy. Lately, she's been totally anti-pants, wearing nothing but leggings pretty much every single day. This silver look is equal parts galm and comfy. At the LACMA Art + Film Gala, Kimmy freed the boob on the red carpet. She wore a classic black suit jacket and trousers – and that's it. This shredded mini is barely hanging in there, but somehow it totally works. Kim added simple black pumps and a wet hair look to complete the fashion week vibes. Just in case you thought there was a look Kim can't rock, you're clearly wrong, because this dress is basically a skin-tight garbage bag, but she still looks amazing. Also, can we talk about that hair? GIRL. Kim wore a teeny tank and frayed camo shorts while out shopping with Kendall in NYC. You don't have to have Kardashian money to dupe this look, though. Just grab a pair of army pants for cheap at your local thrift store cut them yourself. For a Balmain party in Beverly Hills, KK stunned in a glimmering custom-made (duh) naked skirt and teeny tiny white bra – basically what you'd wear to prom if dress codes weren't a thing. Pairing the most uncomfortable piece of clothing (underwire) with the most comfortable clothing (sweats) – GENIUS! For the 2017 Met Gala, Kim basically just tangled herself up in a white bedsheet. The look was so simple and glam. Channeling her inner Cleopatra, Kimmy K looked fierce in a one-shoulder cowlneck sweater dress. This time with jeans and cowboy boots! Bustiers As Shirts 2020!Queen of the naked dress strikes again! She wore this pearled-out number over a taupe bodysuit with mermaid-esq wet hair to match. Like I said, Kim loves a good naked dress. This structured dress is so ~fashion~ and the pale blue color scheme keeps her look feeling low-key (kind of – this is Kim we're talking about). I don't even know what's going on here (Is that a pinstriped suit dress? Is the bandeau attached? Is the coat part of the ~look~ or is it just cold?) but I'm feelin' it. Inspired by her sisters' all-burgundy looks, Kim wore wine red on every available inch of skin for Kanye West's Yeezy show. The OOTD that started it all! After this everyone sprinted to the nearest Forever 21 to stock up on oversized tees and corset belts. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Bye bye, booties. Even though the weather hasn't quite caught up yet, in my heart it's officially spring. So pack away your fur-lined Uggs and over-the-knee boots in exchange for a full range of bright hues, beachy add-ons, and delicate details.Below, you can shop all the best spring shoes you'll need for 2019 – including those strappy sandals everyone on Instagram seems to be wearing. Just wait – in a few weeks all your friends will be rocking this early 2000s trend on everything from sneakers to dresses to hair clips. Last spring, shells were dangling from every earlobe on your Instagram feed. This season, your toes are getting their turn.Worry not friends, you can keep living in your chunky (ultra comfy) dad sneakers. If you're looking for a new pair in a go-with-everything color, try these Falcons, inspired by Kylie Jenner's favorite Lip Kit. Basically every shoe from the '90s is currently making a comeback, but strappy sandals are a must – especially for prom. If you haven't invested in a pair of western-inspired booties yet, snag yourself a pair ASAP. Pair them with a floaty midi dress for total fashion blogger vibes. 2018's normcore staples get a beachy upgrade with these rope sandals. These crazy-comfortable platform slip-ons are the next best thing to actual house slippers.  Bye, stilettos! Sandals with a flat heel serve subtle '90s vibes and are much easier to walk in. Five-inch heels are a bit much for your 1 pm bio class. Go low-key instead with these subtle, but femme kitten heel mules.  Thanks to Kylie Jenner's constant flow of neon lewks, the dayglow trend is coming through big time for spring. Sporting the hue on a cool-girl sneaker feels edgy, rather than girly.  Sandals with utilitarian treads are the latest update to the otherwise girly slide sandals everyone's been wearing.Even with a bold mix of zebra and color blocking, these sleek kicks are still super wearable. Throw them on with a simple little black dress for major Rihanna vibes.  If you're shopping for comfortable high heels, try a sling-back option with a geometric heel. The chunkier base will give you more support and a strap heel offers more room for your feet to breathe. Pair this earthy trend with flowy pants and a white tee for super chill vacay vibes.  Every celeb from Selena Gomez to Zendaya is diving deep into '70s fashion trends. These square-toe booties are the fashion girl's version of 1970s go-go boots. Kim Kardashian lives for a barely-there strappy heel. Make the trend a bit more low-key by rocking a flat pair with a hint of glitz. Trust me, these modern sides will be your go-to from spring all the way through summer. These $35 mules are the secret bargain every fashion editor is wearing. Shop them in nude or black at your friendly neighborhood Target. Get the extra height without an uncomfortable heel with a recently revived platform sandal. Selena Gomez loves pairing a simple white sneaker with super sweet floral dresses. Add gold hoops to the combo to copy her favorite outfit equation. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's time to embrace a decade filled with neon, jelly shoes and Madonna.Every closet needs a little update and there's no better time than with one of spring's biggest trends...the 80s! It doesn't matter if you weren't born in this decade, you can still rock bike shorts, fanny packs and jelly shoes. We've gathered the top 15 old school trends that will have you getting noticed all season long. It's time to shop this, like, totally awesome decade ASAP.Totally tubular! This eye-catching 80s nylon windbreaker can be  paired with a fitted dress and sneakers!  You'll definitely get noticed in this jacket.SHOP NOWAdd a pop of color to your earring game! Stack gold ear cuffs to create more of a statement the next time you hang with your friends.SHOP NOWThese iconic checkered socks are a total throwback! Show off  this fun style and pair with a cutoff shorts or a denim skirt. Be prepared, your friends are going to want them too.SHOP NOWYES...jelly shoes are back and they are comfortable this time around! This clear style will show off your neon pedicure or fun printed socks. SHOP NOWThis belt bag can be worn crossbody with a cropped tee or around your waist with your favorite jeans. Nothing better than being handsfree this spring just like Kendall Jenner.SHOP NOWYou can't go wrong with vintage ripped jeans! They will go with everything in your closet and will never go out of style. Pair with a moto jacket for cool nights.SHOP NOWRihanna rocks tiny sunglasses and so can you! For $6 why not try it. The red will add an instant flare of the 80s. Keep the rest of your outfit neutral so your sunnies can shine.SHOP NOWYou can totally work the bike short trend that is loved by Bella Hadid! Pair with an oversized white tee and chunky sneakers for a relaxed cool girl look.SHOP NOWWant a totally radical hair style? Pick your favorite color from this set of 9 or stack a few to create a more playful look.SHOP NOWLogos, logos and more logos! When paired with jeans, this retro print sweatshirt is great for study sessions or weekend sleepovers. Or try with a pleated skirt for a sporty chic look.SHOP NOWBFFs for ever and ever! Right?  Black goes with everything and this set makes a great end of year gift to your bestie.SHOP NOWIf you're hesitant to go full on 80s this spring, try a bow headband made famous by Madonna.  It will brighten your wardrobe without hurting your wallet.SHOP NOWThis is a total throwback !  This vintage tee  is so soft, like you've owned it for years. Tuck into high waisted jeans and throw on some Vans and you are good to go.SHOP NOWBalance out this oversized blazer with skinny jeans and a fitted bodysuit. Or for the ultimate spring outfit, try Vanessa Hudgens styling tip by pairing with a short romper.SHOP NOWThe sound of a pair of parachute pants walking the hallway is nothing short of a throwback sound! Kendall Jenner styles hers with a cropped tank, denim jacket and cute sandals. You can too!SHOP NOW		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Rihanna is my Pope. There's only one person on earth who could wear sweatpants on the red carpet, make a bathrobe look like an evening gown, and inspire me to buy a four-sizes-too-big men's button-up – and that person is Rihanna. Riri is a style icon that transcends far past the mortal realms of fashion, creating new style rules every time she leaves the house (read: a denim mini skirt can double as a crop top if you believe). If there's one person in the world you should steal style advice from, it's the Bad Gal herself. Even her wildest outfits have secret details the rest of us peasants can wear and feel just as badass.So, click ahead for all of the best Rihanna outfits and the style tricks you can learn from them. Not everyone can pull off leg highlighter, but there's a lesson to be learned from Riri's full-body glow. Using your go-to shimmer to highlight any exposed skin (ie: collarbone and cleavage) is the ultimate sexy move. Shop her FENTY highlighter here. Every fashion blogger on your feed has been living in shades of beige, but no one wears it better than Bad Gal. Take a note from her style book and layer shimmery sheens like white silk with a matte taupe blazer.   I've personally tried out the sporty-pants-with-a-blouse look and let me tell you, it's a gem. Cool pants give a streetwear touch to an otherwise overly-girly top.  As proven in this pic, layering early '00s trends is a big mood for 2019. Want to snag a bucket hat yourself? Click here for all the cutest options (all under $40).  Steal ya man's shirt, add a belt, and show a little boob – it's as easy at that to slay just like Riri. Oh, and don't forget the lucite heels.  Sweats can look sexy, just pop a few buttons and wear your favorite sports bra with pride.  Let your favorite club dress see the light of day by pairing it with fresh sneakers and a designer fanny pack (or regular fanny pack, whatever).  Fresh details, like knots and puff sleeves, give a fashion feel to the femme favorite floral dress. Reason #456 why Rihanna is my Pope: she serves inspo for every occasion. This beaded crop top and ruffle skirt pairing is the ultimate prom night goal. Suave black add-ons give a punch of toughness to a girly eyelet dress.  Self-identifying "edgy" girls, tend to stay away from bright hues. Don't let the pastel fool you, Riri is serving a lesson in funky style. Her slicked-back 'do and unexpected feathers make her all-pink outfit.  Feelin' a little flirty? Wear a bralette under your button-up blazer or skip the shirt all together. Destroyed jeans and a low mule keep the 'fit looking low-key.  Need some prom inspiration? Try a completely unique prom dress, like this high-low ballgown. If you thought the wild hemline was the thing of the past, let this photo prove otherwise.  Jeans and a chambray can sometimes feel like too much denim, but a crop top and skirt is the perfect balance of blues and skin.  The worst part of vintage shopping: finding your dream shoes four sizes too big. Thankfully, suit jackets look super glam when worn oversized, so next time, take home that too-big thrift score.Even the coziest outfit looks fierce when you pile on fresh streetwear pieces. Go for a boxy jacket and lean joggers, then finish off the comfy vibes with cool slides.  When you're already ten minutes late, a statement jacket or blazer is the easiest route to looking put together in a second. Throw it on over a T-shirt and jeans for an easy, cool-girl look.  I'll be real – Rihanna is probably the only person who could pull off a mini skirt as a top. But, you can dupe her lingerie-as-a-top with a delicate lace cami. You don't need a floor-length prom dress if you're serving a stellar metallic moment. Into it? Get your metallic prom dress fix here.  At this point in your leopard print obsession, the print can basically be worn with any look. Pair it with pinstripes, polka dots, plaid, denim – this print is a fail-safe way to slay a bold look.  Riri's weekend look just emphasizes what we already knew: Hillary Clinton for prez. Politics aside, cut-offs and a graphic tee are always a win as a chill weekend look.  Looking back over Riri's best looks, you'll notice one constant: XL hoops. Throw on a pair and this one-second hack will add roughly 150 cool points to your outfit instantly – kind of like catching the Golden Snitch.  Wearing a Bathrobe As a Dress™ is more than a look/a vibe, it is also a lifestyle. Belt that b*tch and throw on feathered heels to match, because you are a boss all hours of the day.  		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Here's exactly what to stash in your suitcase for every occasion. Seriously, don’t wait until the night before spring break to pack! You’ll end up with a suitcase full of mismatched clothing—and a headache trying to coordinate looks once you arrive wherever you're headed. Instead, plan ahead and pick intentional outfits for every outing. You’ll save suitcase space and, once you’re there, you can focus on having fun—AKA the point of spring break, ammiright?  Below, we’ve outlined eight essential spring break activities and the perfect outfit to pack for each. Ready, set, shop!It’s hard to feel cozy on a plane or bus, but a pale pink tracksuit and rainbow sneakers will get you pretty close. Squeeze in a cat nap with this adorable eye-mask and you’ll be rested by the time you arrive at your destination. Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Lo Sneaker in White/Multi, $54.99, journeys.com; American Eagle Crewneck Sweatshirt, $39.95, ae.com; American Eagle Jogger, $39.95, ae.com; Forever21 Cat Plush Sleep Mask, $4.90, forever21.com.Start your trip off right with an ice-cold latte paired with bike shorts, an oversized sweatshirt, and bright blue Converse kicks. Plus, store your cell and wallet in this sleek fanny pack, keeping your hands free to ride and sip.Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Hi Sneaker, $54.99, journeys.com; Reprise Activewear Black Tencel Shorts, $75, repriseactivewear.com; Bershka High Neck Sweatshirt, $19.90, berksha.com; Bershka Fanny Pack with Slogan, $25.90, berksha.com.Elevate your basic beach look with this polka dot bikini top and black-and-white hair turban that doubles as a way to protect your style. Add red cat-eye sunglasses and tassel earrings for an extra splash of coordinated color.H&M Triangle Bikini Top, $19.99, hm.com; H&M High-Waist Bikini Bottoms, $17.99, hm.com; Amelie Turban Shower Cap, $40, nordstrom.com; SUGARFIX by BaubleBar Tassle Drop Earrings, $12.99, target.com; H&M Sunglasses, $12.99, hm.com.Twirl the night away in this yellow dress and strappy slides with a trendy square toe. A black and white gingham purse and statement earrings add some eye-catching flair.Helena Mustard Linen Dress, $108, pixiemarket.com; Zara Mid-Heel Sandals, $79.90, zara.com; Mango Gingham Check Bag, $49.99, mango.com; Mango Resin earrings, $19.99, mango.com.A leopard print skirt paired with a simple white tee is the perfect casual-yet-chic uniform for checking out local boutiques. Pair the look with tortoise-shell hoops, a basket bag, and comfy Converse sneakers and you’ll be able to shop for miles. This slip-on pair literally goes with everything.Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Slip On Sneaker in white, $49.99, journeys.com; H&M Calf-Length Skirt, $29.99, hm.com; H&M Rib-Knit Top, $9.99, hm.com; MUUN bag, $125, net-a-porter.com; Bauble Bar Earrings, $38, shopbop.com.Match your unicorn pool float in this faded lavender look. And, yes, the tiny sunglass trend is still going strong—and you can totally pull it off! Topshop Neoprene One Piece, $58, topshop.com; American Eagle Denim Tomgirl Short Short, $49.95, ae.com; Birkenstock EVA Sandals, $39.95, dickssportinggoods.com; Poppy Lissiman Sunglasses, $105, net-a-porter.com.Keep it low-key as you dine on pancakes and waffles in this floral printed dress and oversized denim jacket. Top it all off with pretty pearl earrings and bright yellow Converse for an unexpected kick of color. Bershka Floral Print Peasant Dress, $49.90, bershka.com; Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Hi Sneaker in Lemon, $54.99, journeys.com; Bershka Black Denim Jacket, $39.90, bershka.com; Mango Pearl Earrings, $25.99, mango.com.Take time off from all the spring break festivities in these heart-adorned PJ’s, a satin scrunchie, and velvet slippers. It’s the perfect look to curl up in as you binge-watch your favorite shows with your best friends.  Birdies Slippers, $120, birdiesslippers.com; J.Crew Heart Pajamas, $79.50, jcrew.com.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Step one: get a pair of knee-high boots. TBH, when it comes to Ariana Grande's style, you could probably just get an oversized Sweetener sweatshirt and knee-high boots, and call it a day. But if you're looking to mimic some of her most iconic looks to a T — from her classic "lampshade" outfit to her red carpet glam — you've come to the right place. (If you'd rather channel Ari's "Thank U, Next" lewks, check out this article.)Ari rocks her trademark mini dress-and-boots combo, even on the red carpet and this bright pop of lavender is straight out of the "God Is A Woman" color palette. Remember when I said you can copy Ariana's style by diving into a pile of sweatshirts? Yep, I wasn't kidding. Break up a black-on-black look by showing a little leg Ari style in over-the-knee sock boots. This lewk is party on the top, business on the bottom. Total boss bitch outfit. This is classic Ari — a super high pony, baggy sweatshirt, and over-the-knee boots. Bonus points if you treat yourself to a lollipop!Only Ari could look this adorable drenched in rain. Throw on some sweats and take inspo from her rainy day lewk!Need to spice up your casual day outfit? Look no further than the "Thank U, Next" singer's relaxed jeans and a tee. It doesn't need to rain for you to rock a windbreaker, and Ariana shows you exactly how.The singer's red carpet outfit for the 2016 AMAs is so chic and totally wearable! Pair a lacey crop top with some high-waisted trousers to copy the look.Strut the streets in head-to-toe white to channel Sweetener vibes – or just shop her new merch collection, whatever.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			For when you've got a workout at 8 and the club at 9.Selena Gomez designed an entire fitness line for PUMA and it's all kinds of feminist amazing.  The SG x PUMA athleisure collection, "Strong Girl," includes graphic jackets, faux leather accessories, smokin' hot mesh tops, and a luxe velvet catsuit – for when you've got spin class at 8 and the club at 9. The star of the collection, the SG Runner, is a sleek white-on-white sneaker personally designed and constructed by SG herself. According to a PUMA press release, Selena modeled her designs after her own personal style and, of course, the power of a woman. The goal of the activewear collection is to "show today’s girls that one of the most important qualities is 'strength'."SG x Puma's "Strong Girl" collab, previously only available at Puma.com, just hit Amazon. For the well-being of your closet, here are all the cutest pieces you need to shop ASAP. Kelsey is the style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Double tap.Being a fashion influencer is hard work. Every single morning, you spend an hour picking out the perfect outfit, twenty minutes looking for a complimentary backdrop, five waiting for strangers to get out of your shot, fifteen taking pictures, and another twenty thinking up a brilliant fashion caption. And that's all before the school bus arrives. As a fashion editor/Instagram addict, I know the struggle – and I've got your back. Now, you can skip the writer's block, because I've compiled all the hours I've spent staring blankly at my phone into one comprehensive list that includes every OOTD caption you could ever need. I've included fashion quotes, lyrics, and pop culture references to go with any outfit, plus, all the best one-liners, straight from my own personal Instagram account (so you know it's good). Keep scrolling for all the best Instagram captions for outfit photos. Ten different looks and my looks all kill.You like my outfit? Gee thanks, just bought it. I could buy designer, but this Fashion Nova fit. Darling, I'm a nightmare dressed like a daydream. Sweatpants, hair tied, chillin' with no makeup on. Happiness is the same price as red bottoms. "I like my money right where I can see it – hanging in my closet." –Carrie Bradshaw"Florals? For spring? Groundbreaking." –The Devil Wears Prada"Could I be wearing any more clothes?" –Friends"Women come to New York looking for the two Ls: labels and love." –Carrie Bradshaw"I will never be the woman with perfect hair, who can wear white without spilling on it." –Carrie Bradshaw"Style is a way to say who you are without having to speak." –Rachel Zoe"Fashions fade, style is eternal." —Yves Saint Laurent"Fashion is about dressing according to what’s fashionable. Style is more about being yourself." —Oscar de la Renta"In order to be irreplaceable one must always be different." —Coco Chanel"People will stare. Make it worth their while." —Harry Winston"One is never over-dressed or under-dressed with a Little Black Dress." —Karl Lagerfeld"What you wear is how you present yourself to the world, especially today, when human contacts are so quick. Fashion is instant language." —Miuccia Prada"Playing dress-up begins at age five and never truly ends." —Kate Spade"I firmly believe that with the right footwear one can rule the world." —Bette Midler"Fashion is the armor to survive the reality of everyday life." —Bill Cunningham"You gotta have style. It helps you get down the stairs. It helps you get up in the morning. It’s a way of life." —Diana Vreeland"Girls do not dress for boys. They dress for themselves, and of course, each other. If girls dressed for boys, they’d just walk around naked at all times.” —Betsey JohnsonThis outfit just cleared my skin and fixed my posture.*Has a closet full of clothes.* *Wears the same five outfits.*My outfit identifies as a [character/zodiac sign].*Puts on real clothes once.*Shopping is my cardio.The real me hasn’t changed out of pajamas yet, just FYI.Throwback to a time when my outfit wasn't covered up by a winter coat. For more OOTD inspo, follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I'm blinded by the sparkle. Taylor Swift looked like a bonafide mermaid last night as she picked up the win for Tour of the Year and Music Video of the Year last night at the iHeartRadio Awards. Not only was her iridescent sequined romper straight out of The Little Mermaid, but she topped off the look with some subtle pink streaks in her pony and a pair of gag-worthy butterfly stilettos, completing the fashion fantasy. The best part of the look, though? The fact that it's fairly affordable, meaning you can easily feel like a mystical creature at your prom! Yes, it might not be a gown, but there's no rule saying rompers can't be prom attire, and hey, this one is pretty special. While Taylor's EXACT style is sold out, there are versions in different colors available that are just as magical.Totally inspired by Taylor's sequin romper? Of course you are! Check out these styles as well, which are perfect for prom, parties, and pretty much every nice occasion: Bebebebe.com$189.00SHOP NOWRevolverevolve.com$68.00SHOP NOWForever 21forever21.com$18.99SHOP NOW		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Unpopular opinion: prom dresses are overrated. Skip the poofy, cupcake prom dress cliche and go for a sleek tailored suit that still looks totally bomb. Pack on the glam with a sequin two-piece or go elegant and classic in a double-breasted tuxedo and matching pant. Either way, I've got everything you need ahead. Keep scrolling for all the chicest, suavest prom suits for girls – and where to buy them.Shop here: Tuxedo Suit Jacket, $90, Zara; Black Ankle Pants, $30, Zara; Sapphire Pearl Earring, $75, Nina; Black Cat Eye Sunglasses, $16, Nordstrom; Thin Strappy Heel, $29, Urban OutfittersShop here: White Embellished Blazer, $158, ASOS; Clear Mini Bag, $15, Nordstrom Rack; Pink Sunglasses, $14, Target; White Embellished Pants, $135, ASOS; Light Pink All Star Chuck Taylor, $50, JourneysShop here: Pink Blazer, $70, Zara; Pink Cigarette Pants, $40, Zara; Rhinestone Drop Earrings, $38, Nina; Rhinestone Sunglasses, $13, Fashion Nova; Pink Satin Clutch, $58, NinaShop here: Black Pinstripe Blazer, $40, Pretty Little Thing; Red All Star Chuck Taylor, $50, Journeys; Chain Belt, $29, ASOS; Silver Mesh Handbag, $58, Nina; Blue Clear Frame Sunglasses, $5, GoJane; High Waist Black Trousers, $50, ZaraShop here: Sequin Blazer, $80, Urban Outfitters; Drop Rhinestone Necklace, $58, Nina; White Button Up Shirt, $42, ASOS; Gold Clutch, $73, Bloomingdales; Silver Strap Heels, $36, Express; Sequin Pants, $70, Urban Outfitters		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Buckle up! Toyko street style like you've never seen it before...and the essentials to get the looks.Are you in a fashion rut? Maybe the style Instagrams you follow aren't inspiring you at the moment? Then get ready for a daily dose of chic with this epic Japanese street style guide. See how these fashion babes put together their OOTDS and even shop the key items from each outfit so you can create your own look. Red and white are the colors of the Japanese flag, but red and black are always a good combination, too. Start building the look with a plaid zip front mini!Cool hair and rocker attitude not included with this wardrobe, but you can start the look here. Shop the mens section for an oversized printed shirt. You can layer in under a blazer. This oversized trend is not for everyone, but the look is undeniably cool. Your fave Ariana Grande is known for rocking the oversized trend.You probably already own a denim jacket. Now get a trench to add to your denim essentials. Clogs are here to stay, but they don't have to look boho. This sleek modern clog is a cool update on the shape. You can rock them on your next spring break trip with your squad.This sleek modern clog is perfect for pairing with all your black and white outfits. The midi length skirt doesn't need to look conservative or dowdy, especially if you pair it with a jeans cuff choker. Try it with a cool belt bag for a real look.Balance this ladylike skirt with a menswear blazer. If you have to cover up your Siamese cat t-shirt, a pink denim jacket is a reasonable way to do it. And be sure to get creative with how you wear denim and you'll score all the likes on IG.Go up a size for the full effect!Camo, rave boots, denim sleeves... there's a lot going on here, but it's complete and utter perfection, don't you think? This could also totally work as your music festival outfit.You never thought you needed purple camo pants until now. An oversized hoodie with a micro mini skirt is pretty much a perfect outfit.  Don't forget to shop the mens section and size up!Break out some permanent markers and start writing and drawing on your light denim. It'll help customize your look while also looking edgy AF.Get 24 colors for maximum creativity options.  A ladylike look that's not too sweet, this socks-first fit isn't for everyone, but there is one element to snag for YOUR style...You might want to buy multiple pairs. These socks add a little something to every outfit. Bet you didn't realize how versatile silver pants are. Now you know.  Silver pants get a gold star this season!  Make Dark Betty proud with this cinched pleather number. I'm sure Jughead wouldn't mind. These sunnies have Cheryl written all over them.OK, the shorts over track pants look is an advanced move, but a red leather jacket is totally in your wheelhouse. Check out more leather jacket ideas here.Chic Southside Serpent FTW. A mini this short works because of the lace tights and utilitarian work boot. Get more fashion-y boot ideas here.These platform hiking boots are perfect with an over the knee sock or lace tights.  Are these her pajamas or a look? We don't know, and we don't care. Learn more about how to wear your PJs out and about here.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The sneakers are SO dope. Alright, so for anyone keeping track, Kylie Jenner currently has:Now, you can add to that lineup, a fresh new streetwear collab with Adidas. Yesterday, Kylie teased the partnership on her Instagram Stories, sharing a sneak peek at the 15-piece line, plus a super cool detail that fans probably missed. When designing the Reveal Your Voice Collection, Kylie says she took color inspo from one of her favorite-ever Lip Kits, a lavender-blue matte hue called "Shady."You can find the dusty color on tons of staples from the drop: cropped hoodies, pocketed shirts, joggers, and Kylie's sick new Falcon sneakers. The rest of the collection comes in complementary shades of sky blue, plus your classic, go-with-everything white and black. Adidas shared with Seventeen why they believe Kylie was the perfect choice to design her own Falcon sneaker. "Falcon represents an attitude: bold, confident, assertive. Kylie Jenner embodies this mindset as an entrepreneurial female who continues to push the bounds," a press rep explained via email.  "We celebrate her challenging spirit by pushing ourselves to continue to reimagine the evolution of Falcon for 2019, and to introduce an apparel counterpart that is equally bold and defiant."You've only got a few more days to ready your bank account, because the entire launch will hit the Adidas website Saturday, March 16 at midnight PT. Start building your wishlist now, by shopping the coolest pieces below. Follow Kelsey on Instagram! 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Plus, how to win your own epic promposal!There are so many ways to go all out with a promposal, from dressing up as a hot dog to offering a full vacation to your potential prom date (hey, it’s happened!). But one of the best ways to make sure that you can create an epic promposal is by enlisting the help of people who *really* know what they’re doing (and who will also foot the bill!). That's why JCPenney is partnering with Wattpad and the stars of Hulu’s Light as a Feather, Peyton List, Ajiona Alexus, and Brent Rivera. From 2/8-3/22, teens can write their dream promposal story on Wattpad for a chance to win the opportunity to make it happen, courtesy of JCPenney and the cast.To help you think up your perfect ask, Ajiona, Peyton, and Brent shared their dream promposals. Plus, everything they’re wearing in the photos below is straight from JCPenney if you're still planning your look. Prepare for some major inspiration! Ajiona“I love surprises, so anything that’s romantic and outside the box would be my perfect promposal. I’d want a full day that builds up to it—and there definitely needs to be a beach and fireworks! We’d start off with him picking me up from the house and going out to lunch somewhere on the ocean with a nice view. After we eat, we would walk on the beach and there would be an entire band sitting there and performing, playing a classic that everyone knows and loves. And because pink is my favorite color, the band would be in pink outfits with some sparkles and glitter. Towards the end of the song, fireworks would start to go off and a plane would fly over the beach with the words, “Ajiona, will you go to prom with me?” It’s obviously pretty extra, but at the end of the day the most important thing is that someone thought about me, and the fact that they went out of their way to do anything is special to me. I want everyone to know that there are no limitations to what their dream promposals could be. I know that high school shapes you in a lot of ways, so I’m really glad that I could help JCPenney bring someone their own dream promposal and be part of someone’s high school life in such a positive way.”Brent“My dream promposal would definitely involve cars! If someone got a cool car to ask me to prom, that would be one of my top promposals because it’s something that I enjoy and it would show that they were really thinking of me. And if we’re talking epic promposals here, I’d want a really cool sports car like a Lamborghini or a McLaren in red or bright green, which are my favorite colors. The person would drive up to me in the car to ask, and hopefully my friends are also there. If I had a hint that it was happening, I would get a couple friends together so that they could see it too and be there for support. I don’t have a preference for how the word prom comes across—maybe it’s written on the side of the car, maybe they have a sign that says ‘prom?’, maybe there’s a singer inside the car and they sing a song that says, 'Will you come to prom with me?'—there are so many options! Either way, it would surprise me for sure. After they ask, my date and I would have a few hours with the car and I could whip it around real quick. I’d also definitely post the promposal on social media—you want your promposal to be the best, so I think the more people that see it the better! Plus, the best part about going all out with your promposal is just to really get people excited. Personally, I love to wow people and go over expectations, so if I was asking someone to prom I would want to go above and beyond. But even if you have this huge thing planned and it goes kinda wrong, don’t sweat it—it’s all just for fun!”Peyton“I would go all out with a huge ask for my dream promposal. I’d get some friends together to hijack a school assembly and put on a really funny performance where we would dress up and sing. I’d want to surprise the person by pointing to a bunch of people during the song, but at the end, I’d be like, 'Nah, just kidding, it’s you!'After we finish performing the song, I could have a giant sign that one of my friends pulls out, and it says, 'Check one: yes or no,' and she’d walk up to him with a marker to have him choose. So hopefully we’ve been dating for a bit, because it’s really hard to say no to that in front of a gymnasium full of people! I don’t think that a promposal has to be serious as all—it’s about being young and having fun! It can be kinda nerve-wracking going all out though, so enlisting the help of your friends will make you feel like you can do it. And if you can see the person you want to ask maybe saying yes, then why not go for it? I’m so, so excited to help hype up the winner of JCPenney and Wattpad’s dream promposal contest. The winner will get everything that they need for prom, and it’s going to be so cool to be a part of it!” Don’t forget to enter JCPenney and Wattpad’s promposal takeover contest—enter here, and good luck! And if you're looking for some more outfit inspo, check out this story to find the perfect prom dress for your sign.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Why fight the stars?Choosing your look for prom can be so stressful—it’s one of the biggest nights of the year, and, obviously, you want to feel like your best self. So why not look to your horoscope for a little written-in-the-stars help? Well, we did the work for you and got astrologer Emily Newhouse of Many Ways Astrology to tell us which sign matches up with some insanely cool dresses from JCPenney. And to make things even easier, once you fall in love with one of these looks, you can shop beauty essentials at JCPenney (did you know that they sell Sephora products?!) and go to one of their in-store salons to get your hair done. A true one-stop shop!Ready to find your perfect prom look? Let’s dive in.  B. Smart Sleeveless Applique Party Dress-Juniors, $139.99 SHOP NOWAries, the first sign of the zodiac, is a natural leader who's more than happy to do something different. “Aries are known to take risks,” explains Emily. “She knows she’s great and doesn’t need other people’s approval.” This bright blue dress with a daring train and rhinestone details is a spot-on match for Aries prom-goers who want to make a stylish statement.Beauty Bonus: Sparkly highlighter and pale pink nails will go great with this bold look. Try SEPHORA COLLECTION Illuminate Palette, $28, and OPI It's a Girl Nail Polish, $10.50.My Michelle Sleeveless Evening Gown-Juniors, $139.99 SHOP NOW“Taurus is an earth sign, so it’s about practicality,” says Emily, which means a dress you can easily move around in is perfect for you bulls. (Plus, this turquoise gown also has pockets 🙌 🙌 🙌!) Tauruses also like to look put-together, and a gorgeous dress like this one won’t disappoint.Beauty Bonus: Apply pink lip stain and hairspray to complete the look. Try SEPHORA COLLECTION Cream Lip Stain Liquid Lipstick in 70 First Date, $14, and Matrix® Total Results™ High Amplify Hairspray Proforma, $14.45.City Triangle Sleeveless Dress Set-Juniors, $139.99 SHOP NOWWhen it comes to Gemini, “it’s about being fun, social, and versatile,” says Emily—emphasis on the social. “Geminis are going to have more than one party to go to on prom night,” she says. That's why a flirty, formal two-piece like this one works so well. For all of those after-prom plans, you can pair the top with jeans or the skirt with a more casual tank, so you’ll look trendy no matter how you customize this.Beauty Bonus: Add some drama with false eyelashes and a bold hairstyle. Try SEPHORA COLLECTION False Eye Lashes, $10, and Big Sexy Hair® Spray & Play™ Volumizing Hairspray - 10 oz., $14.B. Smart Short Sleeve Applique Party Dress-Juniors, $139.99 SHOP NOWCancers aren’t known for getting glammed up all of the time, but when they do go out, especially for a special night like prom, prepare to be wowed. This dress has an old Hollywood vibe, which is perfect for you crabs because, as Emily explains, “Cancers want to echo back to a bygone era.” Pair this dress with classic make up and hair for a red carpet-worthy look.Beauty Bonus: Get your old Hollywood glam on with rosy blush and a soft, wavy hairstyle. Try SEPHORA COLLECTION Contour Blush Palette, $28, and Paul Mitchell Express Ion Unclipped 3-In-1 Iron, $96.Speechless Short Sleeve Party Dress-Juniors, $89.99 SHOP NOW“Leos are known for liking the limelight,” says Emily. “The sign is ruled by the sun, which is the brightest star that we see, and Leos like to be the brightest.” And can you think of a better time to stand out than prom? This fiery red dress with a thigh-high slit (not to mention that off-the-shoulder detailing!) just screams glamour and is basically guaranteed to turn heads.Beauty Bonus: Intense eyelashes will complement this bold dress, and keep that signature Leo lion’s mane tame with a detangling brush. Try SEPHORA COLLECTION LashCraft Big Volume Mascara, $14, and The Wet Brush Paddle Detangler in Purple, $10.Speechless Sleeveless Party Dress-Juniors, $117.99 SHOP NOWThis dress screams Virgo for two reasons. “There’s a femininity to Virgos,” says Emily, which means that pinks, purples, and flowers are on-brand for the sign. And, Virgos are one of those more practical earth signs, which means that this un-fussy dress is just what you’ll want to spend your prom night in.Beauty Bonus: Stick with the feminine colors with a sheer purple eye shadow, and don’t worry about breaking a sweat on the dance floor with some dry shampoo. Try SEPHORA COLLECTION Smoky Sheer Shadows in 08 Amethyst, $10, and Redken Pillow Proof Blow Dry 2 Day Extender Clear Dry Shampoo, $15.Speechless Sleeveless Embellished Party Dress-Juniors, $174.99 SHOP NOW“Libras have an elegant timelessness when they dress up,” says Emily, which means that this soft, flowy, feminine dress is just the kind of pretty that you air signs are looking for in a prom dress. You’re likely on the prom committee (hosting is kinda your thing), so a dress as functional as this one will ensure that you can comfortably work the party all night while also racking up the compliments.Beauty Bonus: Pair a sweet dress like this one with some contouring and curls. Try SEPHORA COLLECTION Contour Palette, $28, and Hot Tools® 1" Gold Curling Iron, $38.By&by Sleeveless Party Dress-Juniors, $117.99 SHOP NOWThere’s something subtly sexy about this dress, which is why Scorpios will gravitate towards it. “Scorpio gets pigeonholed as the sexy sign,” says Emily, “and it's not that Scorpio is or isn’t sexy, but there’s something about a Scorpio where you can’t help but be drawn to them.” That distinct mysterious-yet-alluring energy is exactly what will be highlighted at prom with this simple but stunning number.Beauty Bonus: A matte pinky red lipstick will pair perfectly with the dress, while dry shampoo will keep your hair looking fresh all night long. Try SEPHORA COLLECTION #Lipstories Lipstick in 22 A Little Magic, $8, and Matrix® Style Link Mineral Playback Dry Shampoo, $13.50.B. Smart Sleeveless Party Dress-Juniors, $139.99 SHOP NOWListen up, Sags! This cute floral number is for you. “A Sagittarius likes to have fun,” explains Emily, and with a dress like this one, you’ll be able to dance the night away without any worry of a wardrobe malfunction (limbo, anyone?). Plus, the colors in this dress are probably calling to you: “Sagittarius is a fire sign, so the red and pink elementally fit,” says Emily.Beauty Bonus: Keep your color scheme going with a bright pink lip stain, and don’t forget the hairspray! Try SEPHORA COLLECTION Cream Lip Stain Liquid Lipstick in 68 Candy Love, $14, and Big Sexy Hair® What a Tease Hairspray - 4.4 oz., $15. Speechless Sleeveless Party Dress-Juniors, $117.99 SHOP NOWCapricorns tend to be forward-thinking and mature for their age, which is why this put-together look is perfect for the Saturn-ruled sign. This structured, non-frilly dress is elegant while also being understated, much like you goats, who Emily adds are usually “effortlessly stylish.” Sold!Beauty Bonus: Have some fun with your makeup by opting for glittery black eyeliner, and add some texture to your hair with dry shampoo. Try SEPHORA COLLECTION Retractable Waterproof Eyeliner in glitter black, $12, and AG Hair Light Brown Dry Shampoo - 4.2 oz., $21.My Michelle Sleeveless Dress Set-Juniors, $117.99 SHOP NOWWearing a long skirt and a crop top to prom is a fun, unique idea—and that’s exactly why an Aquarius will be all about this outfit. “An Aquarius tends to stand out,” says Emily, “not necessarily because they’re trying to, but because they do their own thing regardless of what other people think.” Not only is a creative combo like this stunning, but it’s also practical—something else that you Aquariuses will love—because each piece can be worn again.Beauty Bonus: Sheer taupe eye shadow will perfectly complement the purple in your outfit. Add some hair serum to keep your hair smooth all night. Try SEPHORA COLLECTION Smoky Sheer Shadows in 03 Quartz, $10, and Paul Mitchell Super Skinny Serum - 5.1 oz., $21. DJ Jaz Sleeveless Applique Ball Gown-Juniors, $174.99 SHOP NOW“Since Pisces is secondarily ruled by Neptune, it’s about fantasy and your wildest dreams,” says Emily. That means this romantic gold and silver dress, which is giving off *major* princess vibes, is perfect for this water sign. Plus, let’s be real, who doesn’t want to look like a princess on prom night?Beauty Bonus: Finish off this dreamy look with red lip stain and shiny pink nails. Try SEPHORA COLLECTION Cream Lip Stain Liquid Lipstick in 01 Always Red, $14, and OPI Nail Polish in You Can Count on It, $6.79. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Where my nasty women at??Treat everyday like it's the Women's March by wearing your *Female Pride* on your sleeve. Here are the cutest clothes every raging feminist needs in their closet. Start every morning off with the iconic RBG. Anyone with a uterus 2020!For those who love kitties, and hate unwanted commentary. Rep your reproductive organs with this cute uterus pin.  Make your preferred pronouns heard with these T-shirts that speak volumes. (Also available in he/him and they/them.)Show your feminism even at the pool with this boobalicious floatie.  If your feminism isn't intersectional, it's not feminism. Just FYI.These sterling silver studs say: "respect our existence or expect resistance." Nasty women everywhere NEED this beanie. This pro-boob/pro-woman bath mat is perfect for a minimalist bathroom. I'd like to dedicate this middle finger to the patriarchy and Donald Trump. Women 👏have  👏 hair 👏. Get used to it.  Some women have vaginas, some don't. And some wear them around their necks 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Warmer days are coming—is your closet ready?Spring is right around the corner, and your closet probably needs a little freshening up since last year. From new trends (like pearl-adorned everything and head-to-toe neutrals) to ones we know and love (hello, croc effect and bike shorts!), we’ve rounded up some of the coolest outfits of the season for major inspo. Shop them, love them, wear them ‘til fall—and then layer them up so you can keep the looks alive.The all-over natural look is having quite the moment right now. Whether you wear the latte-color palette from head to toe or liven it up with a pop of color like a rich marigold, it’s a safe bet all season long.Bershka Front-Knot Sweatshirt Dress, $30, bershka.com; Mango Beaded Wood Bag, $40, mango.com; Free People Total Betty 90s Sunglasses, $25, freepeople.com; Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Lo Sneaker, $50, journeys.com.Last season’s splashy, croc-embossed accessories are hanging around with strong staying power. From shoes to handbags, the textured effect adds an elevated touch to any outfit.H&M Denim Skirt, $20, hm.com; Urban Outfitters Darling Draped Bow Scrunchie, $6, urbanoutfitters.com; Mango Croc-Effect Bag, $30, shop.mango.com; Mango Croc-Effect Ankle Boots, $80, shop.mango.com.Monochromatic dressing is a huge timesaver. Play around with the color everyone's loving now: green, in shades like pistachio, mint, and emerald. If you already consider yourself a color-coordinating pro, take it to the next level with a little bit of texture mixing and matching.Zara Crotched Polo Shirt, $40, zara.com; & Other Stories A-Line Midi Skirt, $69, stories.com; Amazon Pistachio Barrette, $17, amazon.com; Dr. Martens Core 8-Eye Boot, $140, urbanoutfitters.com.This print forever and ever! The timeless polka dot always feels fresh and modern, no matter how you wear it.Zara Polka Dot Pajama Shirt, $40, zara.com; Topshop Flare Trousers, $48, topshop.com; Teva Midform Universal Sandal, $60, teva.com; Urban Outfitters Perfect Hoop Earring, $16, urbanoutfitters.com.You probably fell in love with comfy-cool bike shorts last year—now, let's step things up a notch. Try a patterned pair, with florals or animal print, and take it one step further with fun pops of color.Bershka Hooded Nylon Jacket, $49.50, bershka.com; Zara Animal Bike Short, $20, zara.com; Forever 21 Cat Eye Sunglasses, $6, forever21.com; Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Lo Sneaker, $50, journeys.com.Your grandma’s favorite stone is trending again, but they’re not just for fancy necklaces. This season, experiment with pearls on your clothes and accessories, like this decked out tote that’s sure to bring on the compliments.Topshop Sweater, $68, topshop.com; H&M Slim Vintage Ankle Jean, $30, hm.com; Mango Metallic Pearl Earring, $10, mango.com; Aqua Pearl Beaded Tote, $48, bloomingdales.com; Cabana Slide Sandal, $30, nordstrom.com.These blindingly bright shades are absolutely in. If you’re worried about looking like a highlighter, don’t be. You can dabble in the trend and still stay subtle by picking one key piece, and keeping the rest of the look clean and simple.Hollister Must-Have Slim Fit T-Shirt, $17, hollister.com; Baublebar Lucite Hoop Earrings, $36, baublebar.com; River Island Neon Mini Denim Skirt, $60, riverisland.com; Sam Edelman Slingback Pumps, $77, samedelman.com.This nostalgic camp staple is back and chicer than ever. Think less about old, tattered tees and more about colorful works of art. Keep the vibe going with mellow accessories, like shell jewels, a bucket hat, and a bright, comfy sneaker.Zara Tie-Dye Dress, $50, zara.com; Aqua Shell Earrings, $28, bloomingdales.com; Urban Canvas Bucket Hat, $19, urbanoutfitters.com; Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Lo Sneaker, $50, journeys.com.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Pray for my bank account. Just read my horoscope and apparently, this month I'm going to spend a ton of money on Zendaya's new clothing collection with Tommy Hilfiger. The Greatest Showman actress just launched her TOMMY X ZENDAYA line, which includes vintage-inspired wardrobe staples inspired by zodiac signs and fashion icons of the '70s and '80s. Every item is available in sizes 2-22, so you can shop a zodiac print suit, leather midi skirts, and tons of retro options designed by Z herself no matter what your size. As of March 2, the entire collection is available to shop online but fans noticed something that looked a little familiar: this fresh-as-hell navy striped two-piece.  One Twitter user noted that this co-ord set actually showed up on Zendaya's Instagram last June and no one even noticed.Muahahahhahahha https://t.co/8jOkPQAQMYOn the Tommy Hilfiger website, Zendaya explained why designing this collection means so much to her. "Through clothes I’ve found confidence, I’ve gotten to know myself better," she said. "People think clothes are just clothes, but I look at clothes as a very emotional thing."Tommy himself added: "Zendaya has become a global icon, using fashion to make bold statement while always staying true to herself. Our capsule collection will fuse her eclectic style with the Americana spirit of our brand."Shop the full collection on Tommy.com and in stores. Kelsey is the Senior Style Editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Alexa, play "Air Force Ones" by Nelly.If you've been paying attention to Instagram trends, your closet probably looks exactly the same way it did when you were nine years old: hair clips, smocked tops, bucket hats, and a full rainbow of badass sneakers. If you haven't been, you've come to the right place. Because I'm about to walk you through the coolest '90s shoes that influencers can't get enough of. Click ahead for every pair of sneakers and heels that are just as popular in 2019 as they were in 1999. champssports.com$65.00SHOP NOWThis is the collaboration we deserve! '90s classic FILA, teamed up with Rugrats, for an epic collection featuring all your favorite characters. Shop these Disruptors and the entire collection (including a really epic pair of Reptar sneakers) on the Champs Sports website. A square-toe strappy stiletto was the unofficial shoe of prom 1997. Every girl had a pair of these in her closet for dances, weddings, and general Fancy Occasions. The retro silhouette is making a big comeback for spring, so snag yourself a pair ASAP for all the throwback vibes. You spent your entire childhood coveting your older sister's grungy Dr. Martens and wishing that you could pull them off yourself. Now, icons like Gigi and Bella Hadid (queens of the '90s resurgence) are rocking updated platform versions that look great with everything from sleek blazers to thrift store camo pants. These chunky sandals are a footwear right of passage. If you didn't wear them as a kid, you better buy yourself a pair now. Since literally everything else in the 1990s has made a comeback, it's a safe bet that these platform slides are about to have a major moment.If you rolled up to the playground in these bad boys, all bets were off. And with the revival of the dad sneaker, D'Lites are getting a second wind. Skechers just released a full collection of the updated shoe in a ton of hypebeast colors. Your collection of glitter-coated butterfly clips paired perfectly with your favorite jelly sandals. They're not 100% back (yet), but these modern platforms serve up enough jelly to still make you feel nostalgic. What did we do to deserve yet another epic sneaker revival? The classic Reebok Ripple is back again, but in 2019, we're doing it in bright shades that somehow feel even more retro.  Alexa, play "Air Force Ones" by Nelly. This throwback jam dropped in 2002 and played tribute to the '90s/early '00s favorite sneaker. The hyped style is officially back on rotation. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			 Officially swearing off pants in three... two... one...How to go on vacation in three simple steps: 1. Pack 13 pairs of underwear for a 5-day trip. 2. Wear only bikinis, so said underwear just sits in your suitcase taking up space. 3. Repeat next year. If that sounds like you, keep reading, because I've pulled together the cutest beach-ready looks that basically just involve throwing on one or two pieces of "real" clothes over your swimsuit. Simple, awesome. Click ahead for the cutest spring break outfits that will show off that new bikini. Shop this look: Zebra Button-Down Shirt, $50, Urban Outfitters; Button-Front Bikini Top, $18, Target; Button-Front High-Rise Bikini Bottoms, $18, Target; Platform Sandal, $70, Aldo; Mini Mesh Tote Bag, $12, Urban Outfitters; Sun Bum Sunscreen, $9, Target; OneStep Camera, $100, PolaroidShop this look: Pink Graphic Hoodie, $175, Paradised; Animal Print Bikini Top, $18, Target; Patent Leather Bucket Hat, $10, Target; Acid Washed Plus Size Shorts, $19, Target; Converse All Star Chuck Taylor, $50, JourneysShop this look: Polka Dot Crop Top, $140, Zulu & Zephyr; Paper Bag Skirt, $32, GoJane; Polka Dot Sandals, $23, GoJane; Lip Woven Bag, $55, AldoShop this look: Biggie Smalls Graphic Tee, $7, Cotton On; Pink Sunglasses (Similar), 22, Unique Vintage; Converse Chuck Taylor All-Star, $50, Journeys; Pink Plaid Bikini Top, $15, Target; Pink Plaid Bikini Bottom, $18, Target; Bare Republic Sunscreen, $13, Walmart; Padded Tote Bag, $50, ZaraShop this look: Tie-Dye T-Shirt, $50, Paradised; Zip-Up Denim Dress, $35, Cotton On; Patent Leather Mini Bag, $10, Urban Outfitters; Pink Rimless Sunglasses, $13, Walmart; Converse All-Star Chuck Taylor, $50, Journeys 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It doesn't get chicer than this.Most award shows are a parade of tulle and ruffles, but for this year's Oscars, your favorite celebs are slaying the red carpet in two-piece suits that would give your prom dress a run for its money. To honor these fierce as hell ensembles, I've rounded up the hottest, baddest, coolest pants spotted on the 2019 Oscars red carpet. Keep reading for all the fabulousness. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Because it's not just the B cups that should get all the fun!You've heard the statistic: 80% of women are wearing the wrong size bra. According to expert bra fitter, Kimmay Caldwell – who has fitted thousands of tittes over the past 14 years – women with larger busts are even more likely to fall victim to this problem. "Often people with a fuller bust are more apt to wear a size and style that doesn't fit well, because their options are limited at the store or they have no idea that an F or G cup may exist," she told Seventeen."The thing is that people with a smaller bust, who may require less support, can often 'get away' with wearing a bra that is slightly off. But when a bra is even slightly off for someone with a fuller bust, it's often more painful or obvious underneath clothing."So to make sure you're getting the best possible bra for your bust, I crawled online reviews and chatted with big-breasted icons to find the best bras in the biz. Keep on reading for the cutest, most supportive bras for large breasts. Cult favorite, ThirdLove is digital content creator and activist Nabela Noor's all-time favorite. She loves that the brand is inclusive, both in their sizing and their company.  "I made the switch from VS to ThirdLove as I was looking for a company that didn’t just embrace me, but uplifted me," she explained. "My absolute fave is the Perfect Coverage Bra. I am all about coverage and comfort and I also want to feel sexy for me."After band size, straps are the second most important bra factor. "If you have a very full bust, going wider, or padded, or even using shoulder cushions on very thin straps is a great idea," Kimmay explained. This lacey number is one that Kimmay recommends to all her big-busted customers, because of the epic support and ultra soft cups. If the balconette style isn't your vibe, Kimmay recommends basically anything stocked by Curvy Couture. Wide straps and a ton of different colors, shop this bra in sizes B to H in a 36 band to 46. It's made by Cacique Intimates, a sister brand to Lane Bryant. Just because you've got a little extra titty, that doesn't mean you can't still rock a push-up. Leader of the body-positivity movement, model Iskra Lawrence says: "My fave [bra] is the Aerie Sunnie Push Up. I love having a comfy bra that is smooth under tees, but also is still a bit sexy and gives me a shape I adore."Soma is known for support at any size. This lacey number is a sexier version of your go-to all-black everyday bra. Shop that and the nude option here. Kimmay loves this bra, because of the extra wide band. She says that's actually the secret to major support. "The real support of any bra comes from the band. So make sure that the band is supportive – which may mean a little taller with a few more hooks, or made of a firmer material. That may sound boring or like 'too much' bra, but most commonly it's really what helps the whole bra provide super support."Out of 91 reviews, 82% are five-star – and that's majorly impressive. One reviewer said The Base is "probably the best fitting bra" she's ever had. If you struggle to find bras that fit your bust, fear not: Harper Wilde just expanded their size offerings by 60%, adding band sizes all the way up to a 42 and cup sizes up to F. Chantelle stocks bras in every design all the way up to a G cup. Believe it or not, this strapless bra will support even larger cup sizes without falling down. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			This is going to sell out quicker than a Lip Kit in 2015. Remember when Kylie Jenner first launched her famed Lip Kit and the internet couldn't believe homegirl would sell a lipstick and liner for $29? WELL, apparently she's finally gotten the hint, because her latest drop is cheap – as in, less-than-a-Lip-Kit cheap.The youngest Jenner teamed up with her big sis Kendall for yet another epic fashion collab. They launched an exclusive accessories collection only sold at Walmart.com – and nothing is over $34. Even with the low-low price tag, the Jenner sisters went above and beyond for this line. It's got everything from sporty fanny packs to glossy totes and metallic backpacks perfect for class.Kylie shared exclusively with Seventeen the reason why she loves this line so much. "I love how versatile and fun our spring collection is – being able to combine different pieces and having it feel effortless is so important to me," she said.With these bonkers prices, Kendall + Kylie for Walmart is going to sell out FAST. My advice: start shopping now. Kelsey is the Senior Style Editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Drip, drip. As soon as that first raindrop hits, it's everyone's first instinct to pile on the sweats and save style for another day. While I fully approve of this method, sometimes going out in public (read: having to actually wear real clothes) is unavoidable. Specifically for days like that, I've rounded up the cutest rain-ready outfits that will keep you dry, cozy, and looking fresh all at the same time.Scroll down for the chicest lewks to rock the next time it rains. With a trench this cool, feel free to slack on the rest of your outfit. There's no way to not look good in glossy tartan and combat boots – even on a rainy day. What you'll need: Red Plaid Raincoat, $54, Forever 21SHOP HEREAriana Grande literally wore this outfit to skip around in the rain and tbh, you can't argue with that. Next time you're going out in a storm, go cozy in an oversized crew neck and joggers. What you'll need: Knicks Hoodie, $68, Levi'sSHOP HEREIn my opinion, hoodies are the prime choice for any weather, all year round – and that goes double in the rain. Accessorize your sweater-umbrella (read: hoodie) with a sleek blazer and leather leggings to still serve fashion vibes.What you'll need: Cropped Hoodie, $69, ChampionSHOP HEREGigi paired her army green rain jacket with matching trousers and flats (to better sprint out of the rain). It's a normcore look that does its job.What you'll need: Water-Resistant Hooded Anorak, $45, Old NavySHOP HEREOkay, yes, this was for Selena Gomez's (now, cancelled) movie, but this look is still worth copying. Comfy jeans, sneakers, and a bomber are just hearty enough to take on precipitation without showing up in a full raincoat and boots look. What you'll need: Red Bomber Jacket, $95, TopshopSHOP HEREIf you can't take style advice from one of the biggest fashion influencers, who can you take it from? Wear your anorak with pride by pairing it with a flowy skirt and sneakers, like Olivia Culpo. What you'll need: Plus Size Faux Leather Anorak, $17, RainbowSHOP HEREIn warm weather, it's best to go for a look that dries out easily and won't make you sweat once the post-rain humidity kicks in. An oversized tee and all-weather boots are the perfect combo. What you'll need: Ribbon Lace Platform Combat Boots, $170, ZapposSHOP HERE		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Put your Nikes on hold (just for tonight). Sneakers are the shoe of choice for almost every occasion, but sometimes (prom, graduation, etc.) a sickening pair of high heels is a necessity. But opting for a few extra inches doesn't mean a night of blisters. You can achieve tennis shoe-level comfort in a pair of fancy heels – well, almost. Ahead, you can browse the coolest, most comfortable high heels that will last through a night of dancing and beyond. Platforms are the secret to major height without the pain. They lower the incline your foot sits at, which reduces the pressure put on the balls of your feet.  Nine West is known for ultra comfortable heels at a crazy low price. Snag these glitzy copper babies for under $40. Strappy sandals were a '90s fave and that's because with so many pressure points, they're a breeze to walk in. Plus, the heel hits at medium height, so they're tall but not too tall. Alright, I know I've been talking about stacked heels for about eight slides now, but these babies are the exception to the rule. I could wear ASOS's pointed-toe pump all day every day. I once walked two miles through Central Park in these heels and lived to tell the tale. The curved toe strap offers much more support and won't cut into your toes like thin straps do. I know what you're thinking – $15 heels, sketch. But if you find the right pair (read: platform with a low incline) Forever 21 shoes can be so comfy. If you're looking for a feminine silhouette and a tiny bit of lift, a prim kitten heel is the perfect dressy option. An open back gives your foot a little room to breathe in a closed-toe heel. Plus, this design has a silky soft inner that makes wearing these a breeze. These ultra comfy shoes come with a $$$ price tag, because they're actually podiatrist-approved. If you're serious about comfort, invest in these strappy sandals – they're totally worth it. Wear these metallic mules once and you'll be hooked. Chinese Laundry's ultra comfortable versions be your go-to for everything from Chipotle runs to homecoming. They hit the perfect sweet spot between low enough to not make my feet ache and high enough to look slightly more sophisticated than flats. They're also so easy to dress up for date night or dress down for a casual hang.These heels are Seventeen editor-approved and guaranteed to still serve maximum comfort after a loooong night out. If you're looking for comfort, I only have two words for you: Block. Heel. No matter what style, shape, or height you're looking for, a stacked heel offers maximum support.Remember when I said stacked heels only? Good, now cover it in rhinestones for stability and sparkle.SÖFFT is famous for their signature cushy cushioned footbed that gives maximum comfort all day long. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Appropriately themed: "Break Up With Your Girlfriend, I'm Bored."In honor of the international day of love and romance, Ariana Grande dropped a surprise clothing line to honor the opposite: messy breakups. At midnight last night, the single-and-proud singer released everything you need to spend the holiday solo or to finally break up with the lame bro you've been stringing along for months. Honestly, the line is great for both.On the Ariana Grande official website, you can shop everything from "Thank U, Next" conversation hearts and tube socks to "Break Up With Your Girlfriend, I'm Bored" sweaters and throw pillows. Now, you might be rolling your eyes over that $12 price tag for a box of $3 candy hearts. Before you officially cancel Ari, I'll let you in on a little secret: every single item from her collection comes with a digital copy of her new album. And since Thank U, Next is $12 on iTunes, you're basically getting that box of hearts for free.We stan. Kelsey is the Senior Style Editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Alexa, play "Sadie Hawkins Dance" by Relient K. Shopping for a Sadie Hawkins dance is a little scary, but other than the ask, it's basically the same as every other formal you've ever been to. Of course, how dressed-up you get will depend on your school (everywhere is different), but usually a sparkly mini dress or fit-and-flare will work just fine – and I've rounded up the best of both. Keep scrolling for all the best formal dresses perfect for Sadie Hawkins.  Blush and rose gold are a match made in heaven. This sparkly number will make you feel like a princess, guaranteed.  Into the vintage vibes, but don't feel like spending a full day digging for the perfect dress? Go for this sparkly mini – or shop more vintage-inspired gowns here. My smoke alarm is going off, thanks to this crazy hot dress.  Take your signature red lip one step further in a matching fringe-and-rhinestone spaghetti strap mini. Jumbo sequins will ensure you sparkle brighter than everyone in the room.This elegant brocade dress comes in a ton of different hues if gold isn't exactly your thing. The disco ball might as well just go home, tbh.This prim and proper gown gets a dose of sparkle with subtle embellished pockets (POCKETS!!!).For $28, this wear-everywhere LBD is worth every penny.  A little flirty fringe adds a whimsical touch to this minimalistic design.Go full mod in this '60s-inspired mini. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			More sleeves = more room for sequinsHunting for the perfect prom dress is stressful as it is (dress codes, date coordination, price tag, etc.), but when you're looking for a modest dress, it's downright impossible. With all the thigh slits, cutouts, spaghetti straps, and deep Vs, finding a bomb gown that keeps you covered is a major feat. If you're currently struggling to pick the dress, fear not. I scoured the internet to find the cutest high-neck dresses with sleeves of every length that won't require major alterations. Scroll down for the most stylish modest prom dresses of 2019.  Cover your arms in sparkle with this lined gown covered in shimmery silver sequins. Layer a nude bodysuit under this lace gown and you'll slay all night. If you're looking to rock a cap sleeve, this sparkler is for you. The intricate sequin detail will draw every eye in the room, trust.  All you need is a nude bodysuit to pull off this ultra sparkly gown fit for a princess.Serve major Titanic vibes with this 1920s-inspired gown. You can skip out on the corsage with this glitzy number – you've already got the flowers covered.  Line the shoulders of this ethereal gown and prom night will feel like a fairytale.Head to toe glimmer is always a good idea.Stand out in a sea of gold beadwork with this geometric sterling maxi. A feminine pastel hue is an unexpectedly chic option for prom 2019. Slip in some subtle western vibes with this futuristic button-up midi. A subtle ombre effect offers a cool upgrade to a typical gold sheath. Save yourself some major $$ with a prom dress that comes with the jewelry built right in. Go over-the-top girly with a hot pink ruffled midi.Navy blue sequins feel so modern-day-Cinderella.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			But where's that ring? 👀After celebrating their daughter Stormi's first birthday, Kylie Jenner and (fiancé?) Travis Scott headed out to the 2019 Grammy Awards.The pair walked the red carpet for their second time ever as a couple and packed on hella PDA. Travis wore a suave black suit and Kylie stunned in an artsy powder pink jumpsuit with massive statement sleeves. Her outrageous outfit drew every eye on the red carpet, but it actually downplayed the one part of her body we were most excited to lurk: her ring finger. Amid engagement rumors, Kylie went for gloves that go all the way up to her neck, completely hiding any evidence we may or may not have seen sparkling on her finger. Last night, however, Kylie positively flaunted that mysterious (LARGE) square cut diamond many believe is her engagement ring at the Pre-Grammys Gala.Idk, guys, I think she's trolling us. Kelsey is the senior style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			This is so cool. After depleting the USA's glitter supply with her over-the-top red carpet style, Miley Cyrus has gone a bit more low-key since starting her Malibu era.For the 2019 Grammy Awards, she skipped the nipple pasties and went for an elegant structured suit that gives me flashbacks to Liam Hemsworth's wedding suit. Even though she opted for a timeless look for tonight's award show, her outfit still featured an unexpected Miley Moment. She added a punch of badassery with an earful of piercings and a killer secret detail you probably didn't even notice: monogrammed high heels.  Instead of your typical stiletto, Miley's heels were shaped like her initials. Interestingly, Miley repped her maiden name, instead of her new married name, Hemsworth. Kelsey is the senior style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			God truly is a woman. If you had any doubt that God is, in fact, a woman, just take a look at Ariana Grande on the red carpet – her inhuman level of slayage is all the proof you need. As you jam out to her new banger of an album, scroll back through her best-ever outfits. Ari looked like the chicest loofa you've ever seen at Billboard's Women in Music. She wore her new favorite silhouette, the bubble dress, with her trademark over-the-knee boots and choker. There truly couldn't be a more appropriate dress for the girl that brought you "God is a Woman." Ari looked like a literal angel in a Vera Wang gown printed with "The Last Judgement" at her first-ever Met Gala in 2018. Before her mind-blowing performance at the 2018 MTV VMAs, Ariana blew our minds on the red carpet. She wore a mirrored metallic dress that made her look like a badass from an alien universe who has teleported to earth to take over the planet with her feminist regime. Only Ari could rock two complete opposite vibes in one outfit and make it look freaking awesome. The mashup of boss-bitch and sexy lingerie is a look only she could pull off. Before her year-long red carpet hiatus, Ari was very into pant sets. She flaunted major abs in a lacy black crop top and matching trousers. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Looks like I'll be wearing sweatpants for the foreseeable future.  Gigi Hadid just gave you a reason to ditch skinny jeans for good and spend the rest of your life in sweatpants. The volleyball star-turned-supermodel has designed a new athleisure collection with Reebok and tbh, these sweats are cuter than most of my real clothes.  Since this is Reebok we're talking about, it kind of goes without saying that the collab includes some sick retro sneakers that serve up the perfect combination of hypebeast/flashdancer vibes. A post shared by Gigi Hadid (@gigihadid) on Feb 4, 2019 at 4:14am PSTGigi didn't stop there, though. The line also includes everything you need for a hot af workout 'fit: cropped jackets, graphic tees, bodysuits, and track pants – all with an electric, '80s-inspired color scheme. A post shared by Gigi Hadid (@gigihadid) on Feb 4, 2019 at 4:09am PSTOn Instagram, Gigi gushed about what it was like to accomplish her dreams and design an athletic collection herself after years of dedication to sports."Designing my first athleisure collection for [Reebok] was everything I’d hoped. Growing up, sports played such a big part in my life, and many of the lessons I learned as an athlete have been true guides for me in my personal and professional life," she shared. "Today, two of my high school volleyball coaches have come across the country to NYC to help me launch this first #REEBOKxGIGI collection with a day on the court. This amazing collision of worlds is the epitome of what this collection means to me and I really hope you love wearing it in and out of the gym."  #REEBOKxGIGI drops TOMORROW 2/5 online reebk.co/gigi_collection and in select stores worldwideA post shared by  Gigi Hadid (@gigihadid) on Feb 4, 2019 at 5:35am PSTReebok x Gigi Hadid just dropped today on the Reebok website and in select stores. Currently, everything is available in ALL sizes – that's 2XS-XL in clothes and 3.5-12 in sneakers. Bonus: everything in the collection (apart from the sneakers) is under $80. Kelsey is the senior style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			IT'S SO FLUFFY I'M GONNA DIE.From super soft winter coats to shoes and bags covered in fake fuzz, these plush looks are totally touchable. Click ahead for the cutest ways to wear faux fur this winter. If there's one thing my Instagram feed has taught me, it's that leopard print and faux fur go hand-in-hand. Pair up your favorite animal print staple with tiny touches of plush, like fur-covered loafers or a silky soft envelope clutch. What you'll need: Leopard Print Denim Jacket, $57, Lulu'sSHOP HEREPunch up your lazy-day T-shirt and leggings with a fur scarf and matching star-print sneakers. Add a denim jacket to keep the look chill af. What you'll need: Pink Star Faux Fur Scarf, $17, Skinny DipSHOP HERE Make a major statement with all-over graphics. Pair up a patched handbag with a printed dress and color block fur coat.What you'll need: Color Block Faux Fur Coat, $31, Forever 21SHOP HEREIf you live in bomber jackets all year round, a fur option is a necessity for wintertime. The extra insulation will keep you cozy and looking fab. What you'll need: Faux Fur Striped Crossbody, $19, Skinny DipSHOP HEREFaux fur crop tops are a thing and I'm weirdly into it. This blush number is subtly chic when paired with feminine details, like embellished jeans and pearl sneakers. What you'll need: Blush Faux Fur Sleeve Sweater, $24, Nasty GalSHOP HEREWatch the looks in action.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Here's where you can get them.  She's baaaaack! After months of silence, the second most-followed person on Instagram returned to the social media platform earlier this month. First to reflect on a challenging 2018 and then, to serve us some serious style inspo. Ya girl posted up in Puma, showing off one of the new "projects" she's been working on for 2019 – the Cali shoe.The first launch dropped last month and is still available on the Puma website (though, that probably won't last long) in a range of urban-chic color combos. Now, a second wave of hues just hit the Puma website: light pink, dusty lavender, black with a taupe sole, and bold, hibiscus red. This new sneaker drop comes after Selena's recently-launched collection with Puma, "Strong Girl," which launched in December.  The pro-woman line, designed by Sel herself, is all about inspiring inner strength and also includes a ton of killer sneaker options, like the SG Runner, which she modeled after her own personal style. Kelsey is the senior style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You're not going to like this. The Zara you know and love is gone – and she's never coming back. Okay, I'm being dramatic, but that's what it feels like, okay?? Because the supplier of your entire wardrobe has just changed their logo and it looks nothing like the iconic Z A R A label you've come to associate with the most-worn items in your closet. As a refresh, here's what the logo used to look like. And here's what it looks like now.ZARA has unveiled its new logo: 👍 or 👎?https://t.co/TIZJ38NOmJ pic.twitter.com/GJSUz1EQWRNeedless to say, Fashion Twitter has a lot of feelings/opinions/memes to share.Seriously #ZARA, what the hell?? You forgot the spaces! #zaralogo #WhatHappened #failrebrand pic.twitter.com/cljuTrp8bSThank-you for coming to my TedTalk #Zara pic.twitter.com/BqiJMWefmHThe new Zara logo is actually me trying to squeeze into their clothes…😰 pic.twitter.com/KNBR5BHg4F#ALDO after #ZARA changed their logo :p pic.twitter.com/0t1AVSUMcSZara new logo? What the f*ck? :DAt least we can predict the future... pic.twitter.com/ge2NK0xFuZOn top of the fact that, well, we don't like change, some people are accusing the fast fashion retailer of ripping off the font from luxury fashion magazine, Harper's Bazaar.The new Zara logo is Fabien Baron being Fabien Baron, a typography he first used for Harper’s Bazaar in the early 1990s and seen consistently since https://t.co/xN9Bt0Cq91 pic.twitter.com/JfhzH69jz7Harper’s Ba-Zara (as you can see, it didn’t take us long). Thoughts on the new @ZARA logo? pic.twitter.com/Q37eNqIsy4I don't know about you, but I'm going to vent my feelings by spending five hours getting lost on the Zara website... What? It'll make me feel better!Kelsey is the senior style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Welcome to New York, it's been waiting for you. New York City is the fashion hub of the United States, which is why girls from all over the country flock here to hunt for the illusive perfect prom dress. But in a city with shopping around every corner, the endless possibilities can get a bit overwhelming. Before you go into a prom-related freakout, read this, because I've already planned your shopping itinerary for you. If you're coming to visit the Big Apple, these stores are guaranteed to serve you gorgeous prom gowns for every price point. Here are the six best prom dress shops in NYC.This boho-chic retailer is Anthropologie's bridal sister brand, serving up Anthro-levels of chicness, but in the formal dress department. In addition to wedding dresses, BHLDN also carries tons of ethereal formal gowns perfect for prom. If you're looking for totally unique dresses (think: intricate beadwork, 3D florals, metallic stars), this is the place to try. Shop tons of gorgeous gowns on the BHLDN website or make an appointment to try on dresses at their Upper East Side location (the Midtown location only carries wedding dresses). Yes, they're known for wedding dresses, but David's Bridal also offers a massive range of prom dresses in all sizes. In addition to their extensive online options, they've got a Manhattan storefront where you can try everything on – along with shoes and accessories. Stop by at 45 W. 25th Street and see for yourself.Get your prom dress, your after-prom outfit, and your graduation look without even leaving the store. Bloomingdale's literally has everything. Hit up their famous 59th Street and Lexington Avenue location to shop a sparkling range of prom-worthy gowns at every price range. In the heart of the Garment District, this formal store is packed with sparkly finds. Dig through rainbow racks of dresses in every size, length, and color to find the gown that's perfect for you. Stop by Love to Dress at 34 W. 37th St.Technically, the PromGirl store is in New Jersey, but it's only a 20-minute drive from Manhattan and is definitely worth the trip. You can shop the website to get a taste, but they basically have every type of dress you could ever want for literally any occasion. There are a ton of options under $100, but they also carry big-name prom brands like Faviana and Sherri Hill. Right down the street from Love to Dress, Dress Me Up has even more gorgeous gowns to choose from. If you're hunting for a bargain, they've got an under-$200 section packed with blinged-out options. If you're looking for over-the-top dresses, browse options from famous prom designers like Ellie Wilde and Jovani. Kelsey is the senior style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Let the spring break packing commence. Yeah, I know, it's thirty degrees out with a windchill, but the good news is: spring break is on its way. In the meantime, all you can do is think warm thoughts and online shop to pass the time. Thankfully, these summery dresses will help you do both. Ahead is a list of shoppable sundresses ranging from polka-dot ruffles to fiery leopard print, smocked denim and everything in between. Here are all the cutest plus size options you can buy now – floral and beyond.Pass on the typical floral swing dress for a strappy polka dot number that serves up hella chicness. Square necklines give a modern touch to ultra girly floral dresses.  Who says sundresses have to be girly? Go fierce af in an exotic animal print. Stretchy smocking gives this prim A-line silhouette a dose of the '90s. Do this checked maxi right with a hipster hat and a vintage-inspired micro bag. With sandals, this ruffled baby makes the perfect beachwear. Add pumps and you've got a gown fit for your upcoming grad party. Go classic in a lace-lined white floral sundress. Rainbow blooms brighten up a simple black swing dress. Eyelet details, a scalloped hem, and a navy gingham print – this mini screams 'summertime.'Give falls favorite hue a warm weather update in this ruffle-sleeved wrap dress. From graduation and beyond, this white eyelet dress is a staple you'll wear again and again. Click here to shop the cutest white graduation dresses under $100.  		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			*Sparkle sparkle*Your bling game shouldn't be constricted to the various extremities equipped for jewelry – you deserve to sparkle head to toe. And since you've probably already shopped our collection of metallic prom dresses, it's time to add a dose of sparkle to the rest of your wardrobe. Let's start with your shoes, shall we?Ahead, I'm supplying a range of glitzy footwear that spans from inky, sequin-covered thigh-highs to ankle-cut pastel booties. If you're in dire need of some disco ball vibes, just keep on scrolling for the top-ten cutest glitter boots on the internet. It has just occurred to me that I require baby pink glitter booties to live. Huh. Kendall Jenner has a pair of these. Need I say more? A white-on-white platform is just as versatile as the classic white sneakers you've got on repeat. Even with all that glitter, they'll still match everything in your closet.  As far as glitter-coated boots go, these navy babies are pretty subtle. The muted hue and laid-back style makes for a wear-everyday shoe that still packs a punch.It's an undeniable fact that every outfit in your closet could be improved by a pair of blinding gold boots.  Time to retire your plain over-the-knee boots. These babies will be on repeat for the foreseeable future.  If silver and gold feel a little too played-out, go for a classic blush-tinted champagne shade.  Take on the snow in these gunmetal, sherpa-lined hiking boots. Add bronze booties to your weekly shoe rotation for an unexpected neutral that actually does match everything. Although they're not technically glitter boots, these matte sequin ankle boots serve up just as much sparkle.  		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			These 'fits need no filter. The countdown app on your phone is slowly ticking away the days until #SpringBreak2k19. You've got a couple more months of blizzards to get through, but after that, it's all beaches and relaxation for a week straight. To help you get a jumpstart on packing, I've picked out all the cutest, totally-shoppable outfits that would look right at home on the waterfront. Keep scrolling for the best beach outfit ideas for all your vacation Instagrams.You prep for a trip to the beach without packing the most iconic vacation garb: a tropical print shirt. This knotted version goes great with a pair of light-weight shorts you can wear in the water. Just picture this striped number among the tropical foliage – yep, it was made for the 'gram. Your suitcase doesn't have to be all sundresses and wicker handbags. Opt for a sporty cover-up that can double as workout gear. Throw on biker shorts for a look that's so Kim K. Even if your trip doesn't include sailing the open ocean on a ritzy yacht, sailor stripes and denim is a timeless combo. If you're planning a full-on photoshoot in the surf, this crochet two-piece deserves a spot on your lineup. Throw it on over your swimsuit and add sparkly earrings. Button this breezy maxi all the way down or leave it open at the waist to show off your new suit. Make some space in your carry-on, because this fringey topper is a vacation must. Wear it over your swimsuit to the pool, with a tank top and shorts for shopping with your friends, or with a dress and strappy sandals for a nice dinner. You can rock this no pre-trip shopping required. Throw on your favorite graphic tee and jeans and you're good. A little knit detail feels so beach hippie. Throw on cutoffs for the ultimate laid-back aesthetic. Bring a little glam to the shore with a summery floral dress.Work on your tan in a leg-bearing mini, then wrap yourself in denim once the sun goes down.Keep things shady with a wide-brimmed hat and a black kimono.  Doing a fancy dinner on the waterfront? This crimson duo is chic with just a touch of coastal flare.  An iconic duo fit for any occasion. Ruffles and pom poms will give this girly outfit some movement. When you're sitting poolside, minimal clothing is the best option. Go for a tube top and matching high rise shorts. This floaty maxi dress comes with flirty cutouts and a swimsuit-inspired bodice. Perfect for a black-tie seaside occasion. There's nothing cuter than a sweater-shorts combo on a chilly summer night. This set comes with a little sass. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Happy birthday to yoooooou!Congratulations!!! You are now legally able to vote, get a tattoo, and buy lottery tickets in the United States! Celebrating this epic milestone requires an over-the-top, crazy-glam, out-of-this-world gorgeous outfit worthy of the birthday hall of fame – because you'll remember this one forever. Straight from the most stylish people on earth, here are the cutest outfits perfect for your 18th birthday. On Kylie's 18th birthday, she wore a crystal-covered mini dress and her party-essential, a flowing blonde wig. She rounded out the look with nude strap heels and a matching mini bag. What you'll need: Nude Sequin Embellished Mini Dress, $140, Pretty Little ThingSHOP HEREThis bday fit is perfect for a chill night out celebrating with your friends. You can copy Sofia's in seconds, because you've probably already got her bandeau/denim jacket/track pants look hanging in your closet. What you'll need: White Bandeau Top, $10, TopshopSHOP HERELike a true activist, Yara Shahidi skipped the traditional 18th birthday party blowout for something much more important: registering her family to vote. She wore a James Baldwin quote T-shirt with a couple of gold pendants for a chill, but still stylish look. What you'll need: High Rise Light Wash Jeans, $45, StoretsSHOP HEREOn her 18th birthday, Zendaya walked the red carpet in the coolest all-white look. Bring that same energy to your big day with high-glamour accessories, like XL hoops and a luxe wrist watch.  What you'll need: High Waist White Trousers, $60, MissguidedSHOP HERELooking like an IRL Alice in Wonderland, Dove Cameron went for a baby blue A-line dress for her coming-of-age. Her soft waves and cap-toe pumps are a must, no matter what you decide to wear. What you'll need: Light Blue Structured Skater Dress, $29, ASOSSHOP HERE		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			All the hot pink sequins you could ever want, ahead. If your saved Instagram collection looks more like a running feed of Olivia Culpo's closet, I've got some major news for you. As of 8 o'clock this morning, Olivia's first-ever collection with Express is available to shop (read: bring a massive dose of girl power, fuschia sequins, and silky soft pleather to your closet). The exclusive, 32-piece line is inspired by boss-ass women of all sizes who conquer the world with confidence and style. Ranging sizes 00 to 18, this launch includes everything a girl needs for success: profesh blazers, business-y jumpsuits, and all the comfy stuff in between, like fluffy knit joggers and squishy sweaters.  Who’s coming to see me tomorrow in NYC!? Meet me at the @express store on 51st & Madison between 5-8PM 🤩❤️🤸‍♀️🥰 #expressxoliviaculpoA post shared by  Olivia Culpo (@oliviaculpo) on Jan 15, 2019 at 7:17pm PSTOn Instagram, the 3.6 million-followers-strong business woman and former-Miss Universe shared what female empowerment really means to her and how she hopes the designs will inspire it in others. "True girl power does not discriminate, hate, or judge. This one goes out to all my girl followers because I love you so much! We all know that finding true friendship that embodies 'girl power' can be really difficult. I always say 'you get what you give.' So hopefully this will inspire us all to work a little harder toward genuine support+love for one another and we can call it a win-win situation for everyone."Now that you've had a steaming hot cup of morning motivation, it's time to shop! Here are all the cutest pieces from Olivia's collection that aren't sold out (yet). Shop the entire collection here!Kelsey is the senior style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			These dresses will be your Valentine. Yes, you can dress up for V-Day without looking like the sale section of a Party City – just skip the all-over hearts and go for unexpected details, like raw-edged lace and flirty cutouts. Update your Valentine's style with these hot dresses that will keep you looking fresh on Feb. 14. Break hearts all over the world in this kitschy broken hearts dress. Welp, my smoke alarm is going off, thanks to this FIRE dress.  If V Day is your all-time favorite holiday, go all in with a festive heart motif.  Proof that it's always a good time to look like a boss. A silky leopard print always looks sexy. Turn up the heat on your date night with this strappy mini and a vegan leather jacket. This wear-anywhere spaghetti strap dress will take you through Valentine's and beyond. Rich mahogany sequins are an unexpected twist on the typical Valentine's red. Alexa, play "Love Story" by Taylor Swift. You'll be ready to party in this fish scale sequin dress. Layer it over your favorite sweater to take on the February cold. You'll be servin' booty in this hip-hugging sweater dress, trust. "RIP, me." – Your date, probably.A subtle champagne hue feels festive, but still basically counts as a neutral – for those of you (read: me) who don't do color.  Swipe on a matching fuchsia lippie for all the V Day vibes. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			SO. MANY. DRESSES.This is a modal window.Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window.End of dialog window.Want a sneak peek at how Seventeen's prom issue comes together? Check out the video above featuring gorgeous dresses, jewelry, and beauty looks. It's all modeled on Auli'i Cravalho, the amazing rising star who you know as the insanely talented voice of Moana. Ready for some major prom-spiration? Watch the video now!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Need. Now. The moment Kylie Jenner showed up on the cover of Forbes wearing that structured blazer dress, every other dress in your closet was officially cancelled. Channel your inner CEO (read: your future self) in a badass mini just like Kylie.Shop the cutest options below that serve up major boss bitch vibes. Skip the bling, because this pearl-buttoned blazer dress comes with accessories built right in. A sparkly belt, satin detailing, and a little off-the-shoulder action? This retro mini dress is a 1980s dream. Good news: you don't have to stop wearing animal print any time soon. Rock this zebra print blazer for hella fierce vibes. Go ultra girly in a retro lavender blazer dress. The short sleeves and silver buttons make the look feel totally modern. Serve up sparkle long after the New Year in this black sequin blazer dress that'll have you shining. This luxe wrap dress stands alone, but if you're looking to tone it down, just add a T-shirt and jeans. Done!This two-toned, double-breasted blazer is the best of both worlds.The perfect little black blazer does does exist – and it's only $40. This plaid mini may or may not have come directly from the Clueless wardrobe closet. Swathe yourself in the finer things with this touchable velvet number. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Skinny jeans are officially out (sorry, not sorry). Boyfriend jeans, mom jeans, baggy jeans – whatever you want to call them, they're trending hard. And because you can't keep wearing the same sweater, jeans, boots, repeat all winter long, it's time to start looking for some new fit options. Thankfully, all your favorite celebs have officially nixed skinny jeans from their wardrobe, swapping for loose-fitting blues with major style. To see how they rock the look, just keep scrolling and prepare for major inspo. Yara's denim-only ensemble is the perfect look for the mornings you just can't, but your outfit needs to say otherwise. Throw on boyfriend jeans, a white dress shirt, and an oversized denim jacket to create the cool-girl's version of a two-piece suit. To pull off this look, button both top layers all the way up, then add glitzy earrings and a pair of matching white pumps.This is a totally wearable combo anyone can rock. Kendall Jenner paired up a vintage-inspired baby tee with her high-rise jeans for a subtle 1990s vibe that I'm really feeling. Thanks to her retro shoulder bag and square sunnies, Kenny looks like she just hopped out of a time machine. Adding a turtleneck is the easiest way to make anything in your closet look chic. Seriously, throw one on under a dress, under a jacket, under a chunky sweater – instantaneous style. Pair yours up with your bf's plaid shirt and some slouchy denim for casual grunge feels. Serve up streetwear vibes in shredded boyfriend jeans, a cropped hoodie, and 2018's favorite shoe: the Air Force 1. The most grandma item in your closet has become the most hyped fashion trend on Instagram seemingly overnight. Clueless-era mini cardigans are taking the place of crop tops and they just happen to look fabulous with a solid pair of mom jeans. Bella Hadid rocked the duo, adding her trademark '90s touch: hoop earrings, chunky boots, and a teeny shoulder bag. Sans boyfriend Cole Sprouse, Lili Reinhart opted for boyfriend jeans instead. Two-toned blues offer a fun departure from the stack of nearly-identical denim already in your closet. Style it with slide-on loafers and a prim houndstooth peacoat for major Betty Cooper inspo. A band tee and jeans is a classic match-up that never fails to serve major style – name a more iconic duo, I'll wait. Just add on cool-girl sneakers and a rhinestone necklace to pull the look together. Skip the too-tight skinny jeans, because yes, you can make your comfiest blues look hot af for a night out. Balance out your slouchy pants with a flirty bralette-sheer crop combo on top and sexiii heeled boots on the bottom.Camila's high-fashion fit might look a little intimidating, but the message is one to remember: boyfriend jeans and camel pleather are a total win. Wear these two together for a mod equestrian look straight off the streets of Havana. This low-maintenance outfit is probably already on your closet, so if you're strapped for time, just copy Ciara's look. Your go-to jeans, a tee, a beanie, and a moto jacket are all you need. Want more ways to wear denim? Click play now. (You're welcome.)Kelsey is the senior style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram! 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Do you think Hailey borrowed that hoodie from Justin? 😬We all know Selena Gomez and Hailey Baldwin have the same taste in men (well, one man) and apparently they have the same taste in fashion, too. Last week, the two style icons stepped out in matching sweaters and well, it's mildly awkward. Despite rumors that Hailey and husband Justin Bieber are facing some problems in their marriage, the newlyweds were seen happily leaving an L.A. hotel together on Monday.  Per usual, Hailey looked like she raided Justin's closet, in a Balenciaga logo hoodie, plaid pants, and a teddy jacket. Selena, on the other hand, wore a version of the top just one week earlier for a lunch with friends at La Scala, Beverly Hills on December 29. She put her trademark spin on the Balenciaga turtleneck, pairing it with black jeans, loafers, and gold hoops. If you're trying to be the third wheel on this Balenciaga love triangle, you're in luck: both Selena's and Hailey's top are currently available online (if you're willing to drop major change). Shop them below.Grey Embroidery Turtleneck, Balenciaga, ssense.com, $1050SHOP NOWKelsey is the senior style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			A lot of sparkle happening here.  After the awards show is when the real fashion happens and this year's Golden Globes was no different. Post-show, the stars and winners turned up in their most dazzling, naked, glitzy looks for a night of extravagance and partying. Here are all the best looks from the 2019 after-parties. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Major fashion moments happening here. The Golden Globes are back this year and better than ever—I mean, just look at all these amazing red carpet looks. Right this way to see everyone's gorgeous dresses and ensembles from the star-studded awards ceremony. From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Hands down the best part of her look. There are a few things you always hope to see on an award show red carpet: massive diamonds, jumbo ruffles, expensive hairdos, and over-the-top makeup. And your girl Sofia Carson arrived at the 2019 Golden Globes wearing all of the above – and then some.Honestly though, Sofia could have showed up in leggings and a hoodie and still nabbed the award for Best Dressed. Why? Because her gown, hair, and makeup weren't the best part of the look.What really makes this ensemble amazing is the hidden detail you probably didn't even notice. Instead of wearing a traditional fancy handbag, the Descendents star chose to carry a much more important accessory: a Time's Up ribbon. At last year's Golden Globes, almost every attendee chose to wear black to honor the Time's Up movement, which aims to end sexual harassment and inequality in the workplace. This year, the carpet was a rainbow, but Sofia chose to keep the focus where it matters: on the cause.  Kelsey is the senior style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Daaayum, girl! Cheryl Blossom better start plotting her revenge, because Betty Cooper just thiefed her look. Riverdale star Lili Reinhart arrived to the 2019 Golden Globes dressed head to toe in Cheryl's trademark hue. She stunned in a fiery crimson gown that puts the entire Blossom family to shame – but she didn't stop there. To complete the vibe, she added burgundy eyeshadow and matching red panties. Even though she looked like a million bucks, her accessories at least, are super affordable. Lili's glitzy drop crystal earrings are only $149 – and you can shop them online (here) right now.   Your move, Cheryl. Kelsey is the senior style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			That's hot. If you grew up watching Lizzie McGuire and That's So Raven, jamming out to Destiny's Child, and copying all of Paris Hilton's outfits, you're about to get a second chance to pull off all those rhinestone-studded, feather-coated, skin-tight outfits you didn't have the confidence for the first time around. Ladies, start your bedazzlers, because the '00s are back. Here are the cutest 2000s trends that deserve a revival in your wardrobe. The second Kylie Jenner posted a belfie in one of these bad boys, the Juicy Couture tracksuit's quiet retirement was officially over. Dust off your UGG boots and start living the life of luxury.These utilitarian pants were a fixture in basically every music video from 1999-2003. Spacious pockets were perfect for holding the necessities: frosted lip gloss and rhinestone-studded BlackBerrys. Blair Waldorf's trademark accessory is, once again, metaphorically sitting on the top steps of the MET. The zebra surge of 2006 is upon us once more and my inner emo kid is THRIVING. After a few Coachellas, chokers are officially out (until such a time that Kim Kardashian declares otherwise). Fill that empty spot on your neck with their cooler big sis, the nameplate necklace.As the great Lizzie McGuire taught us, an explosion of hair clips is the best way to ~*eXpRess yOuRseLf*~.Blue, red, yellow – jewel tone sunnies are making a comeback. If you want to go full '00s, match them to a monochromatic look and commit head to toe. In the early aughts, the trendiest it-girls matched their snakeskin shoes to their snakeskin tops, to their snakeskin boots, to their snakeskin bucket hats. You don't have to go that hard in 2019, but still give this print a shot. Sparkly, chandelier earrings were dangling from every lobe in the early 2000s. Thankfully, only the chicest options are making a comeback.He was a sk8r boi, she wore checkered print. This skate park revival is ready for an encore in your closet. Ladies, leave your heels at home. The club is full of sneakers and their soles are full grown. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Credit cards ready. In my humble I-get-paid-to-write-about-fashion opinion, accessories are the one place in your closet where you should (sometimes) splurge. Jeans – go vintage. Jackets – shop H&M. Underwear – 7 for $29. Shoes and bags, however, are the items you should be saving for. They're the finishing details that make an outfit and if they look high-quality, the rest of your fit will too. Since 2019 is forecasted to be the year of the belt bag, this is one trend you should invest in pronto. From punky packs dripping in chains to luxury velvet belt bags and over-hyped logo fannys – you'll find your perfect match here. Swipe ahead for the coolest designer fanny packs you should add to your cart ASAP. Hearts, peace signs, and various cutesy expressions – this tangerine bag is the entire essence of the Moschino brand. Bonus: it's under $200 and all vegan leather. I've probably worn leopard print 25 out of the last 30 days and I am not stopping any time soon. If you're trying to bring that same energy into 2019, cop this lil printed pack for under $100. Pro tip: split the cost with your s/o and share this unisex pouch between the two of you. Muted purple is the accent hue both of your closets have been missing. Sling on this punky compilation of zippers, studs, and chains for a major dose of hardware. With a classic design and a clean white tone, this is a splurge you'll use time and again. Around your waist or cross-body, this go-with-everything add-on is the versatile piece your closet has been craving. With matte black finish and subtle silver sparkle, it's destined to be the bag you carry with you everywhere. This micro belt bag holds only the essentials: debit, ID, Starbucks rewards card. If you're not looking for a carry-all option, but still want to get in on the belt bag trend, this LV is a must. Electric hues are having a major moment for 2019, but that doesn't mean you need to ditch your all-neutral wardrobe. Invest in a bright fanny pack, like this Balenciaga, that will add a blinding dose of color to your look in two seconds flat.Scoop Off-White's trademark stripes and their iconic Industrial Belt with this convertible bag that goes both ways. Remove the black belt and clip on the yellow crossbody strap to turn your fanny pack into an over-the-shoulder in seconds. It's two purses for the price of one. You spent a lot of money on those double Gs, so girl, show that sh*t off. This bold "Gucci"-printed option is so freaking extra, but in the best possible way. If utilitarian fanny packs are a bit too grunge for your polished wardrobe, opt for this minimal belt instead. The lavish details (quilting, leather, matte gold) would feel right at home paired with a glamorous faux fur jacket. Kylie Jenner loves the iconic Fendi logo, so much so that she wore a logo dress and fanny pack, then bought a Fendi baby stroller to match. Dupe her style with this retro lookalike. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Well happy New Year to you too! After totally winning Christmas in a blinged-out gown, Kylie Jenner has slayed us all for the second time this holiday season.The youngest Jenner started off New Year's Eve in a skin-tight mini dress that served major boob action and looked stunning with her new teal hair. Before heading to Drake's blowout NYE party, she traded up for a business-y blazer dress that's basically the outfit representation of my 2019 resolution: boss bitch.Even though her brother-in-law Kanye West is currently in the middle of a messy feud with Drake, Kylie and boyfriend Travis Scott still attended the party in partially coordinating outfits. Big sis Kendall also showed up with her man candy Ben Simmons, continuing her lime green holiday theme in a neon milkmaid top and leather pants. Kelsey is the senior style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Click here for outfit inspo minus the cliche Labor Day jokes.Buying a pair of white pants comes with its own unique set of obstacles. You've got to find the perfect pair – because let's face it, the light hue makes it a lot harder to hide a camel toe. Once you get past that, you've got to figure out how to style them without looking like a grandma on a casino weekend in Vegas. And once you've picked an outfit, you've got to get through an entire day without spilling anything on yourself. The white pants life is a lot of work.I can't stop you from dribbling your morning macha – you're on your own with that one – but I can help you find the right pair and show you how to wear them, too. I've rounded up the best white pants moments from all your favorite celebs, plus where to get similar looks. Keep scrolling for all the cutest outfits that will shine a spotlight on the brightest pants in your closet. Instead of embracing the nautical detail on these high-rise trousers, Camila went with a girly floral milkmaid top. The femme flowers look unexpected and adorable.What you'll need: Floral Crop Top, $13, Forever 21SHOP HEREI know you're probably distracted by Kendall's perfectly bronzed abs, but we're here to talk about her shoes. The electric tangerine hue adds a punch of color that's fashion-y, not tacky. What you'll need: White Palazzo Pants, $48, ASOSSHOP HEREWhat's even more extra than an all-white ensemble? All-white with neon. If you're attempting to rock this wild look, embrace the '90s aesthetic with teeny sunglasses and XL white hoops.What you'll need: White Kick Flare Jeans, $20, Lucky BrandSHOP HEREIf you're going to rock white pants, you have to embrace it – go all in. Style those bright trousers with a white blouse, white shoes, and a matching white clutch, like Kylie Jenner.What you'll need: White Sailor Pants, $228, ShopbopSHOP HEREDress up white joggers with a flirty black bodysuit and matching sock boots. The dark pieces tone down an all-white look.What you'll need: White Jogger Pants, $25, Fashion NovaSHOP HEREOkay, I'll admit it. So far the looks on this list have been waaaay over-the-top. If that's not your aesthetic, opt for a more subtle approach. Serve fall vibes by pairing your white pants with brown boots and a neutral jacket.  What you'll need: High-Rise White Skinny Jeans, $22, Nordstrom RackSHOP HERE		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You're welcome.Thanks to Coachella, going to a concert isn't as much about the music as it is the style. Your outfit has to be fly and your Instas showing off that outfit have to be perfect.But picking a flawless look comes with a lot of questions: Is it still cool to rock cowboy boots at a country concert? Should you wear old sneakers to an outdoor venue in case of mud? And is it, or is it not, weird to wear a band tee to that band's concert? All these and other concert-related questions answered ahead with a roundup of ultra chill outfits perfect for every stadium tour, EDM festival, and country music throwdown you've got planned. Kylie watched her man Travis Scott perform at Madison Square Garden in NYC, so you know she had to turn it out. She wore shimmery red hot pants, an oversized teddy jacket, and an Astroworld T-shirt she seemingly cropped herself. (So no, it's not weird to wear a band tee from that band.)She finished off the date night-meets-concert look with fierce accessories: fresh dad sneakers and a leopard spotted mini bag. Thanks to reigning pop diva Ariana Grande, pants are officially off the menu. For your next concert, rep Ari herself in an oversized sweatshirt from the tour with bare legs and major boots. (Pro tip: slip on a pair of biker shorts to avoid accidental nudity.)Owning the rocker vibe is as easy as following this foolproof equation: grunge graphic tee + destroyed denim + faux leather + vintage-y sunnies. Throw on all of the above and your ensemble will equal out to a look worthy of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. Don't know what to wear for an electronic concert? Just Google Bella Thorne – that girl dresses like her life is one long EDM show. Her closet is an explosion of tie-dye, fishnets, vegan leather, cropped denim, rainbow stripes, shimmery metallics, and an overload of glitter. Copy any outfit of Bella's and you'll be the best-dressed girl at the concert, trust. In 2007, you'd probably opt for a floral dress and cowboy boots a la "Teardrops on My Guitar"-era Taylor Swift. But western gear is fully trending for 2019 and perfect for a bluegrass music fest. Keep your look simple with patched denim and a classic country statement belt. Opt for modern studded booties and cool-girl shades to keep your outfit from looking costume-y. Kelsey is the senior style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			All the must-haves to shop from the big sale event. It's the most wonderful time of year: time to spend your Christmas money. And as fate would have it, it's also Nordstrom's highly-anticipated Half-Yearly Sale (!!!). As you recover from your holiday feasts, put those gift cards to good use by shopping some of the best deals from Nordstrom's blowout sale event. Whether you're in need of some new winter coats or a fresh pair of boots, here's what to shop from the sale that's happening now through January 2nd. Originally $40 A turtleneck bodysuit that makes layering a cinch. Wear it with jeans, high-waisted pants, or skirts. Originally $59A fun night out bag that you can dress up or down. Originally $68 A giant, cozy scarf you'll want to bundle up in all winter long. Originally $159Bored of your fall/winter boot collection already? Add a pair of snake print booties to liven things up.Originally $24Hair accessories have been staging a major comeback for the past season now. The next big thing for 2019? The return of headbands. Stock up now.  Originally $248Prepare to get all the compliments on this fluffed-out faux fur coat. Originally $130Stock up on another pair of classic black leather boots while they're on sale. Originally $65Add a fuzzy, '90s-inspired turtleneck to your collection. Bonus points if you wear it with a mini skirt and tights for a Clueless-inspired look.Originally $169 Nobody wants to buy snow boots, but a stylish pair of combat boots that can endure cold weather conditions? Sign us up. Consider these your new favorite winter boots. Originally $128Reformation jeans are now on sale for under $80. I repeat: Reformation jeans are now on sale for under $80!!!From: Harper's BAZAAR US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's so elegant.After almost ten years, my personal favorite celeb couple has officially tied the knot! Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth just confirmed they secretly got married on November 23, with a few heartbreakingly romantic wedding photos. No over-the-top ceremony, no extravagant location, just two people promising forever in front of family and friends. As a direct result, the question we've all been asking ourselves since that first 2012 engagement has finally been answered: What would the queen of nipple pasties and glitter wear to walk down the aisle? BEHOLD:Miley chose a floor-length ivory gown with a retro off-the-shoulder silhouette that's timeless and elegant. In front, she went for a vintage-inspired cowl neckline that makes her look like an Old Hollywood movie star. pic.twitter.com/iWk9qWTEgx For the makeup and hair, Miley opted for subtle glamour, rocking loose waves and a smokey eye, instead of an overly bridal 'do. Siri, play "If We Were A Movie" by Hannah Montana.  Kelsey is the senior style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Only Kylie could be this extra. The holiday season is a time to reflect on new blessings and look back on how our lives have changed over the past year. Last Christmas, I was scouring through every photo posted from the 2017 Kardashian/Jenner family Christmas Eve party looking for photo evidence of Kylie Jenner's top secret pregnancy.  Flash forward to Christmas Eve 2018, when Kylie and her now-confirmed mini me were the stars of the holiday festivities.For her fam's annual party, Kylie sparkled in a low-cut, crystal-studded Yousef Aljasmi gown with a major thigh-slit. The glitzy look was equally festive and over-the-top extra – because this is a Kardashian/Jenner event, after all.  Merry Christmas 💋A post shared by  Kylie ✨ (@kyliejenner) on Dec 25, 2018 at 2:08pm PSTStormi looked just as cute as her mom, twinking away in a sparkly jumpsuit and teeny tiny Air Force 1s.  Matching with their baby girlsA post shared by  Kylie Jenner News (@kyliesnapchat) on Dec 24, 2018 at 9:41pm PST 👼🏽A post shared by  Kylie ♥️ (@kyliejenner) on Dec 25, 2018 at 9:01pm PSTIt turns out the dual stunting only lasted a couple of hours. Kylie left the holiday celebration early to give Stormi a bath and tuck her into bed – which she did while wearing her party dress, because she couldn't get the thing off. Momma Ky shared the hilarious mishap on Instagram Stories, captioning the photo: "this is me leaving the party early to go give my baby a bath (while wearing this dress because i couldn't get it off by myself) and put her to sleep and it was the best xmas eve yet".Click here for even more pics from the outrageous Christmas Eve bash.Kelsey is the senior style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Welcome to the '90s. Right now, your closet is basically just made up of 1990s revivals  – faded mom jeans, thrift store crop tops, chunky FILA sneakers, tiny tinted sunnies, and butterfly clips. The only thing you're missing for a true '90s-baby wardrobe? The bucket hat. This throwback trend was a staple back in the day and is currently the easiest way to add a touch of retro flare to your look. For the beach or the mall, this cheap add-on is a necessity. Keep swiping for the cutest options on the internet. This simple logoed bucket hat will match everything in your closet – plus, offer a pop of tartan. Serve up a little space age sparkle with a reflective metallic finish. Perfectly basic on the outside, over-the-top girly on the inside. Flip this topper inside out for pink florals and paisley.  Bright splotches of rainbow colors will make even the most layered-up winter fit look like summer vacation.  I don't know for sure, but I'd bet my life that one of the Spice Girls owned a dupe of this sexy faux snakeskin hat back in the day. The bucket hat gets a 2019 upgrade with sleek pleather. Pack this floppy hat for extra sun protection and extra style.Already wearing denim from head to toe? Add more. That's my motto and it hasn't failed me yet. This accessory is not for the faint-hearted. You have to believe you're really in the '90s to pull off this wild plush.Rock a clear hat with your go-to raincoat or a flirty slip dress. It's an accessory for all climates.  		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			So, everyone. RBG, how I love thee. The tough-but-tiny Supreme Court justice has been shaping America for decades, but it wasn't until recently that the pioneering woman started getting all of the love and respect she deserves. If you already know and admire Ruth, you'll obsess over all of these items; if you aren't as familiar with the powerhouse, prepare for some major inspiration. Then, select a gift for all the justice-loving women (or men!) in your life.RBG Dissent Mug, $15SHOP ITDon’t talk to me until I’ve had my coffee—or until I want to talk to you. Whatever vibe you’re going for, this dissent mug is the perfect way to take your morning caffiene. Notorious RBG, $16SHOP ITThe item that started all the Ruth Bader Ginsburg mania and a must-read for any RBG stans or fans in the making. Bundle with Ruth’s memoir, My Own Words, for the ultimate gift. Stella & Dot Pegasus Necklace, $198SHOP ITRuth Bader Ginsburg went viral after the newest SCOTUS image was shared. We know her look was an entire mood, and this Stella & Dot necklace will give you a judge-worthy look too. Still available to shop, it's a worthy talking piece at your next party. Real Life RBG Political Action Figure,  $60SHOP ITNot all heroes wear capes, my friends. Splurge on an RBG fan with one of these limited-edition action figures of Ruth herself. I mean, how great would this be on your co-worker's desk? The RBG Workout Wall Calendar, $10SHOP ITCan you think of a better way to keep track of your to-do list and be inspired daily? Sure, it keeps track of the passing days, but it also offers fitness tips because fighting the patriarchy takes brains and muscle. Notorious RBG Pouch, $17SHOP ITWe're pretty sure you can't make it to the SCOTUS if you're disorganized. Keep everything in order with one of these pouches. They come in three sizes so you can stash and store everything from charger cords to makeup to an iPad without a problem. Patron Saint of Dissent Candle, $13SHOP ITSometimes you just need a little reminder of our mission as women. This Ruth veladora (a.k.a. devotional candle) is the perfect way to keep some RBG energy around. The Ruth Bader Ginsburg Coloring Book, $8SHOP ITThe benefits of coloring are plentiful. Add some serious woman power and you have a relaxing and uplifting activity for every time you need a break for this news cycle. Harper Wilde Notorious RGB Edition of the Base Bra, $45SHOP ITThis limited-edition bra featuring a Ginsburg quote is kind of amazing. "When there are nine" (a reference to RBG's response to the question of when there will be enough women on the Supreme Court) is stitched into the side  as a reminder that women still have a long way to go...but we're kicking ass on our way there. Learn more about the epic bra here. Bad Bananas RBG Mermaid Reversible Flip Sequin Throw Pillowcase, $22 SHOP ITPicture coming home after a long day, putting on your favorite show to binge, and then snuggling up with your RBG pillow. Sounds pretty glorious. Perfect for those times you can’t sit still, too, because these sequins are addictive and oh so fun. The reverse side features little gavels. Adorable. PopSocket, $15SHOP IT Let RBG inspire you all day whilst helping you hold your phone. The quote "Never underestimate the power of a girl with a book" completes the accessory, making it a win for book lovers and RBG lovers alike. There is also a version that says "Women belong in all the places where decisions are being made" so feel free to pick your poison. RBG, $10SHOP ITYou may be asking yourself where did this badass woman come from? The documentary RBG will answer all your questions...and make you fall in love with Ruth even more.From: Marie Claire US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			No, you don't have to wear hearts. Whether you're doing couple-y things with your significant other, going out with your besties, or laying a carefully plotted thirst trap, these outfits will slay Valentine's. Here's all the OOTD inspo you could ever need for the day of ~love~.On February 14, an LRD is the fashion equivalent of a red rose – timeless and romantic. Finish with ~sexii~ details like pleather and metallics to toughen up a flowy dress. Pair up all the denim staples you ~love~ the most for an ultra chill fit that still lives up to the holiday aesthetic. A subtle heart motif and crimson sneakers will give the perfect splash of color to this all-blue look.Pro tip: buy a red sequin dress for NYE, then layer it up when Valentine's comes around with a plush sweater and high-top kicks. All-heart-everything is so overdone. Try rocking a chill blush pleather instead – it's just as girly as a classic heart print, but with a more ~fashion~ feel. Stay on theme by adding massive amounts of rose gold; the pink-y sheen is a V Day must. Serve up lingerie-levels of sexy in an off-the-shoulder lace mini and moto jacket. Nothing says "date night" like lace and pleather. Being a Snap star requires constant cute, even if you're literally not leaving your house. Printed flats and a graphic bomber keep it festive and comfy. Just throw on some pop-y accessories for an OOTD that's worthy of your perfectly crafted story. Even if you're totally single, you can still celebrate in style. Layer a flirty mini skirt over your fave pink dress to make it look brand new – then chow down on some chocolates and rejoice in the fact that you don't have to share them with ANYONE. A heart on V Day is basically a big red target for ~lOvE~. Get yourself noticed by Crush™ in this over-the-top extra outfit – and if the heart fails, they'll def notice this bag shaped like a Hershey's Kiss.  If you're not trying to go in on the V Day vibes, pick a sparkly look that will still stand out. Adding a graphic rose tee will make the black sequins feel a little more holiday-appropriate. You don't need a played-out heart motif to still feel Valentine's-ready. A feminine polka-dot print looks just as romantic when paired with a luxe red bag and strappy heels. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You'll never be late again. Lol jk. Tick tock – the time for gifting is almost here, which means you've only got a few days left to update your wish list with the latest gadgets and glitz you can't live without. For the perpetually late – *raises hand* – a tricked out timepiece is the gift that keeps on giving (you the time)(lolz). Add on to your arm stack and get your sh*t together all at once with these minimal, maximal, see-through, all-metallic wrist watches you'll die for. Whether you're a more-is-more type of chick or prefer a simplistic aesthetic, you'll for sure find something on this list. Swipe down to shop the best watches in the biz just in time for Hanukkah. The 2000s are alive and well and on your wrist thanks to this checkerboard add-on. Your favorite childhood accessory hasn't changed one bit – it's still cute as hell.  This timeless timepiece comes with a matching metallic bangle for effortless stacking. This rainbow striped, crystal studded, rose gold plated watch is a complete wrist party all by itself. Stay true to your simple-and-sleek style with this non-basic basic. The perfect add-on to a Canadian Tuxedo. Add to the pile of leopard print that is your closet with a fierce silicone watch to match.  Double down on gunmetal with this wrap-around studded piece. Just like your sneakers, glasses, and jeans, the watch has officially entered into 'dad' territory.  Join the hype with this ultra chic smartwatch. Technicolored stripes add a subtle dose of color to this lucite time keeper. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Bring on the knits!The first snowfall of the year has hit, which means your wardrobe is basically just sweater, leggings, repeat. Break out of your cold-weather style rut with some unexpectedly adorable ways to wear your favorite knit.Click ahead for five outfits that will make your sweater feel brand new. Clockwise: Puff Sleeve Sweater, $99, Line & Dot; Platform Lace-Up Booties, $63, ShoeDazzle; Velvet Cheetah Print Dress, $138, Madewell; Shearling Purse, $25, TargetClockwise: Acid Washed Denim Jacket, $72, Lord & Taylor; Ace of Hearts Sweater, $198, Wildfox; High Top Chuck Taylor All Stars, $55, Converse; Velvet Stripe Jeans, $128, MadewellClockwise: Pom Pom Sweater, $88, Madewell; Gray Cropped Flare Jeans, $128, Madewell; Black Buckle Booties, $103, Steve Madden; Leopard Drawstring Bag, $78, Betsey JohnsonClockwise: Cat Sweater, $212, Wildfox; Quilted Crossbody (Similar), $62, Guess; Ruffle Skirt (Similar), $62, Guess; High Top Chuck Taylor All Stars, $55, ConverseClockwise: Checkered Sweater (Simila), $20, Forever 21; High Top Chuck Taylor All Star, $55, Converse; Medium Wash Mom Jeans, $22, Boohoo; Harry Potter Headphones, $25, Barnes & Noble		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			And they're so easy. This is a modal window.Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window.End of dialog window. About half-way through January, the layering game starts to get a little less fun (there are only so many ways to wear a cozy sweater and boots). If you're looking to amp up your mid-winter style, I'd advise you to invest in a new scarf pronto. Blanket, infinity, knitted – that one add-on will give any cozy-girl fit a totally new vibe, even if you've already worn it five times this season. Watch the video above to learn a super easy new ways to knot, twist, and tie your scarf that you probably never thought of. Kelsey is the style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			And also every Muggle. Another September 1st has come and gone, and still no Hogwarts letter – even though you know you were born to be a Ravenclaw. The only way to ease your pain is with a heavy-duty Cheering Charm – but since you never actually learned to do one, a little wizard-themed retail therapy will have to do. Click ahead for all the coolest under-$30 Harry Potter scarves you would have worn if you actually got into Hogwarts. If you want to advertise your allegiance to Slytherin (weird flex, but ok) go for classic shades of green and silver. This one goes out to all the Muggles who never got their Hogwarts letter.Rock the famous Hogwarts crest, along with the school slogan: "never tickle a sleeping dragon." Words to live by, my friends.Stay warm during chilly nights on the Quidditch pitch with this soccer-inspired mascot scarf.This iconic scarf has warmed the neck of Harry, Ron, Hermione and all the rest of your favorite characters. Not into over-the-top fan merch? Rock this subdued Hogwarts scarf instead. On a scale of 1 to 10 how amazing is this scarf? (If your answer was not 9 3/4, please move on to the next scarf.)Add a little House pride to your winter layers with this gold and yellow knit. Looking for a light-weight scarf that flaunts your House colors? This Gryffindor infinity a must. If Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them is more your franchize, cop Newt's retro Hufflepuff scarf.  Add the traditional colors of Ravenclaw to your look.If Blair Waldorf went to Hogwarts, she'd have rocked this ultra preppy accessory. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She's out here supporting her bestie. No one in the world gasses up their bff like Kylie Jenner – she's the ultimate hype friend. She's always shouting out her best friend Jordyn Woods and the only person who's featured on her Instagram more is Stormi Webster. So when Jordyn Woods dropped a crazy-hot athleisure line for Secndnture, she sent a box of goodies to her bff. Naturally, Kylie put on a mini fashion show, showing off the under-$65 collection on her Instagram Stories.  Kylie slayed in a $35 asymmetrical cut-out bra and $55 high-rise leggings, noting that the fit was flawless: "it fits me really, really good. Thank you Jordy!"Love Kylie's look? Shop the entire line here in sizes XS-2XL. Kelsey is the style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Bling bling, baby! How to get ready for a holiday party: add sequins, add glitter, add rhinestones, and then add a sweater – cause you know, it's still winter. To get you started on your Christmas/Hanukkah sleigh, check out these party-ready fits. They're all shimmer and fluff, so you'll be serving the perfect balance of ultra glam and oh so cozy. This is a modal window.Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window.End of dialog window.Clockwise: Red Pearl Sweater, $20, H&M; Black Crossbody Bag (Similar), $12, Windsor; Plaid Skirt, $23, Forever 21; Black Lace-Up Booties, $39, Charlotte RusseClockwise: Leopard Sequin Dress, $70, Zara; Faux Fur Jacket, $60, H&M; Black and Gold Heels, $36, Charlotte Russe; Faux Fur Crossbody, $88, Betsy JohnsonClockwise: Sequin Bomber Jacket, $45, Windsor; High Top Chuck Taylor Converse, $55, Converse; Rose Graphic Tee, $66, Wildfox; Lace-Up Faux Leather Pants, $62, GuessClockwise: White Fluffy Sweater, $78, Haute Rogue; Red Sequin Dress, $100, Zara; Gold Sunglasses, $109, Wildfox; Woven High Top, $1oo, Converse; Floral Mini Trunk, $52,Clockwise: Ruffle Sleeve Sweater, $39, Haute Rogue; Rhinestone Snakeskin Bag, $60, Guess; Peep Toe Booties, $35, Charlotte Russe; Gunmetal Sequin Pants, $40, Windsor		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Bye, money!This line is probably going to sell out FAST, so I'll keep things brief so that you can get your shop on ASAP. Kendall and Kylie Jenner's normally $100+ clothing line is currently 30% off on Amazon. The sale is only for today (Dec. 7) and some of their cutest stuff (read: graphic pullovers, flirty crops, skin-tight dresses) is marked all the way down to $28, with nothing over $97. Okay, now ready... set... go.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			This is a need, not a want. I don't want a lot for Christmas, there is just one thing I need... a Noah Centineo holiday sweater.Thanks to Netflix, when sugarplum fairies should be dancing through my head, the only thing I'll be dreaming of is Noah Centineo. And Barstool Sports has released an ugly Christmas sweater that perfectly encapsulates all my holiday thoughts. The pullover, which is artfully crafted with Noah's angelic face, is $45 and will ship to you just in time for all those ugly Christmas sweater parties. Plus, the design is unisex – so you can get in on the action too, my dudes.  I'll end this post with a totally pointless, yet 100% necessary picture of Noah's face. Enjoy!Kelsey is the style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You'll legit want to steal these for yourself. Guys have it so easy – they just roll out of bed, throw on a bicep-hugging crewneck and a pair of skinny jeans, and without even trying, look hot as eff. But sometimes, that effortless style borders on laziness (not sorry, guys), which is why every man should own a fresh-as-hell winter coat that will step his style game up several notches. Shop the most stylish toppers that work overtime in the style department, so the rest of his outfit can remain 100% chill. This trendy plush-lined jacket positively screams "Instagram boyfriend."Gift your mans this fluffy coat and he'll be better dressed than you are. Utilitarian parkas look just as good for date night as they do on the mountainside. A crimson lining adds a touch of fashion to 2018's favorite coat. Bright jewel tones make any blue-eyed guy's peeper's pop. For cool guys only, this topper pairs perfectly with dark wash skinnies and vegan leather sneaks.  Put your guy in this, then daydream about him chopping down a tree. You're welcome. Touchable texture sets him apart from every single other guy also wearing a red puffer. Every suit-and-tie guy should have a streamlined, black car coat in his closet. This is without a doubt the chicest sleeping bag coat I've ever seen.  		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It just got REAL '90s in here. Watch out, Santa, Kendall and Kylie Jenner are coming for your job. For the past month, the two have been dropping new clothing lines non-stop – seriously, they're up to four now. Their latest release, though, is bigger, sparklier, and (best of all) cheaper than all the rest. Just in at Ardene, the Kendall & Kylie collab is four pages of luxe holiday staples, retro '90s flare, and sleek streetwear – and it's comin' at you with Forever 21 prices. Almost everything in the line is ranking at less than $30. Click ahead to start Christmas early. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Because 2018 was the official year of the aviators. Glasses are like jewelry for your face – they draw attention to your eyes and just give you an extra dose of sparkle. That's the reason why everyone from the dangerously near-sighted (hi, it me!) to those blessed with 20/20 vision are rocking eyewear, whether they need it or not. Gold aviators, cateye frames, tortoiseshell hipster glasses, oversized dad specs – the accessory is all over Instagram and beyond. If you're looking to invest in a pair of your own, these affordable frames should be first on your list. Plus, you can order them with or without a prescription. These are without a doubt the most hyped frames of 2018 – and for good reason. The delicate wire flatters every face shape. Bargain alert! Score these hipster faves for $10.First dad socks, then mom jeans, and now, grandpa's eyeglasses are trending hard. These dainty specs are from Kendall and Kylie Jenner's new optical collection, which means you need them. Like, now. A classic horn rim frame will never go out of style. If you're looking for a pair of aviators that make a major statement, go for these metallic glasses.Tortoiseshell and a hot pink colorblock? These are the most extra of all the eyewear. A pop of pastel is sure to stand out in a sea of plain black specs.These XXL frames will make any outfit look totally unique. Sleek semi-rimless glasses are a modern update to the classic wayfarer design.  		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Free the nip.Whether it’s intentional or not, these celebs rock their nip slips like they’re the season’s latest accessory.While living her best life at a Cher concert, Kim's lil Kims made an unexpected appearance on the red carpet. She came at the mishap with the ultimate idgf attitude, posting the nip slip on Instagram for the world to see.After showing off her entire body at the Victoria's Secret fashion show, Bella slipped into something a little more... revealing. She rocked this ultra sexy see-through dress, flaunting the hottest accessory of the night: her nips. The Keeping Up With the Kardashians star isn’t afraid to go braless. Kim bared her boobs in a sexy metallic dress while out in NYC in 2016.It’s no secret the Jenner enjoys a nipple-y look. The model recently had her boobs out on full display in Paris.After fully baring a nipple at a Versace show during Milan Fashion Week in 2016, Gigi took to Twitter to gracefully address the incident. Wardrobe malfunctions at fashion shows happen and she handled it like a total pro.RiRi accidentally revealed a little nipple at the Ocean’s 8 UK premiere in London. Fortunately, the singer still looked amazing in her metallic gold number.Though the Smallfoot actress suffered a slight slip at a Met Gala afterparty last year, her flirty floral look distracted from the mishap.Bella took no notice of her peeking nips as she walked the runway at the Alexandre Vauthier show during Paris Fashion Week earlier this year.Kim clearly loves a good nipple moment. The reality star and mogul casually strutted the streets of NYC in a see-through tank and camo cut-offs.Miley has had her fair share of ~naked~ moments throughout the years. This one is pretty subtle, with her nipples showing through her cute mesh top.The “Chun-Li” rapper had a wardrobe malfunction during a Good Morning America performance back in 2011. Nicki later apologized for the slip, insisting that it was not a publicity stunt.The British singer stunned in a head-to-toe black look featuring a bold red lip and her completely exposed chest.The model totally showed off her nips at the Victoria’s Secret Fashion Show in Shanghai last year. Though the moment failed to make it to TV screens, the photographers didn't miss it.Kendall strikes again with another boob-y lewk. The model wore a super cute see-through top while hanging out in NYC.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Channel your inner dad. You never realize just how annoying carrying a purse really is, until the day you switch to a belt bag. Once you've experienced the ultimate freedom of hands-free item-carrying, there's just no going back to the tote bag life.To help you add to your budding collection of fanny packs, here are all the cutest ones you can cop for less than $50.This pop of pink will go perfectly with your favorite FILA dad sneakers. Ditch the unicorn aesthetic for this punk-y holo bag.  Continue your shearling obsession with this fluffed-out fanny.This carry-all is the ultimate cool-girl accessory with a snakeskin print and sleek silver hardware. Could this bag be any more hype?Just in case your friends *didn't* already know your entire closet is Zara. This plush spotted bag is the definition of 'fierce.'Red and blue stripes give this simplistic pack an athleisure edge. Pair this animal print belt with your favorite LBD for a straight-off-the-runway type of vibe.This tartan zip bag is the perfect add-on to a denim-on-denim look.White (faux) leather is without a doubt the chicest thing you can add to an outfit.Your two loves have finally combined to form the perfect bucket belt bag.This burgundy snakeskin pack is all your favorite trends rolled into one.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I'm so f*cking grateful for these clothes. Ariana Grande's music video for "Thank U, Next" was ICONIC, not only in the world of music, but also fashion. Every look Ari served — whether it was inspired by Elle Woods or Regina George — was rom com perfection. Snag one of Ari's looks from the vid and feel like one of the Plastics without breaking the bank. Just because you're hanging in bed, doesn't mean you can't look cute af. While you get creative in your Burn Book, stay comfy in this pajama look. Feel like the head of the Plastics in this adorable look inspired by the queen bee herself. Dance on the bed like no one is watching in this snuggly look. And if you happen to bump into a cutie in your bathroom...so be it!Ari's 13 Going on 30 look is, without a doubt, the most wearable. The blouse will add some color to your winter wardrobe, and who doesn't need a good pair of skinny jeans? *Adorable fluffy companion not included. Just because you're going to the library doesn't mean you can't look cute!This look proves there's no such thing as too much pink. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I'm so f*cking grateful for this necklace. We're three weeks away from Christmas and you've bought exactly one single present for someone who's not yourself. You know what that means: TIME TO TREAT. YO. SELF. And feminist af retailer Bulletin just released the one thing you never knew you needed for the holidays: a necklace engraved with the iconic words of God herself. Inspired by Ariana Grande's smash, "Thank U, Next," the pendant is stamped with the phrase that will surely become the motto of this generation. Ready your debit, because the bling, made by indie brand Rachel Gjersvik Jewelry, was just stocked online for only $25.  Major bonus: Bulletin only carries products from female-led brands, which means you're giving your business to badass women, and then more badass women. And they donate 10% of every purchase to Planned Parenthood. SO yeah, you need to start shopping ASAP. Scroll down for even more adorable Bulletin products to add to your wish list. Kelsey is the style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			*Frantically searches for a holiday party to crash.* Yes, Kendall and Kylie Jenner just dropped ANOTHER clothing collection and yes, I will be buying all of it. On top of their under-$40 accessories line at Walmart and their epic Macy's line (packed with puffer coats and mini skirts), the Jenner sisters have just released their first-ever party collection at PacSun. If you're already stressing over your New Year's Eve outfit, consider your look nailed, because this festive launch is serving up BIG sparkle.Alright, that's enough talk. Let's get to the best part: shopping! Check out all their cutest pieces below – and did I mention that nothing is over $36? Because, yeah.Leopard Print Dress, $22, Kendall + Kylie for PacSunSparkle Tube Top, $17, Kendall + Kylie for PacSun Glitter Jumpsuit, $30, Kendall + Kylie for PacSunCable Knit Sweater, $33, Kendall + Kylie for PacSunCutout Mini Dress, $20, Kendall + Kylie for PacSunFuzzy Leopard Print Sweater, $36, Kendall + Kylie for PacSunSparkle Slip Dress, $22, Kendall + Kylie for PacSunKelsey is the style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			*Patiently waits for next snow storm.*Winter temps are coming and that means one thing: it's cuddle weather. Lol jk, it's chunky sweater/boots weather. Live your best, most cozy life with these adorable winter outfit ideas that include everything you love – fluffy knits, soft beanies, chunky booties, and silky scarves. Winter 2019 starts right now. Clockwise: Black Bandana Scarf, $38, Rebecca Minkoff; Snakeskin Dress, $50, Zara; Fuzzy Cardigan, $20, Rue 21; Studded Mule Bootie, $100, Chinese LaundryClockwise: Cream Sweater, $45, ASOS; Pearl Beanie, $6, Shein; High Top All Star Chuck Taylor, $55, Converse; Plaid Pants, $45, ASOS; Crystal Earrings, $42, Olive & PiperClockwise: Faux Leather Jacket, $74, Express; Leopard Dress, $50, Zara; Black Shearling Snow Boots, $130, Steve Madden; Fringe Crossbody, $18, American EagleClockwise: Sweater Dress, $42, American Eagle; Faux Fur Scarf, $160, Charlotte Simone; High Top Chuck Taylor All Star, $35, Converse; Faux Fur Bag, $40, ASOS; Jewel Earrings, $26, ZaraClockwise: Shearling Jacket, $60, American Eagle; Zebra Sweater, $45, ASOS; Studded Mule, $90, Love Culture; Star Studded Crossbody, $20, Cotton On; Studded Black Jeans, $209, DL1961 DenimClick play to see these outfits in action! 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Stop staring at your closet and read this. Bookmark this article right now and the next time you're standing in your bra and underwear staring blankly at your closet, open this page and BOOM – you'll have all the outfit inspo you need. From one lazy girl to another, here are my favorite style tricks that will make your wardrobe feel like new, even if you're sick of everything you own. Even though sweatpants get cred for being the comfiest of closet staples, dresses are truly the unsung hero of lazy girl fashion. Throw one on and you immediately look put-together while exerting zero effort. Keep that mood going by topping your fit with a hoodie and sneakers for a streetwear edge.Clockwise: Sherpa Hoodie, $30, American Eagle; Gold Hoop Earrings, $16, Mango; Floral Dress, $21, Cotton On; High Rise All Star Chuck Taylor, $55, Converse; Maroon Faux Leather Crossbody, $20, Cotton OnA black and white graphic T-shirt goes with ALL things. I'm pretty sure that's written in the Bible. And the best way to utilize the limitless fashion powers of your go-to top is by pairing it with the one thing in your closet you've never worn – like those printed pants that you love but don't match a damn thing.Clockwise: Mustard Scrunchie, $6, Cotton On; Graphic Tee, $20, Mango; Faux Leather Fanny Pack, $45, ALDO; Air Force 1 Sneakers, $90, Nike; Side Stripe Camo Pants, $20, BoohooA striped turtleneck is the blank canvas you never knew was already in your closet. Once you get used to mixing prints, there's literally nothing you can't wear it with, but it also stands strong on its own. If you're feeling uninspired, pair it with your most flattering pair of jeans and a touch of '90s flare (read: scrunchie) for an effortlessly stylish look. Clockwise: Tortoise Shell Wire Sunglasses, $50, Crap Eyewear; Polka Dot Scarf Scrunchie, $8, Cotton On; Medium Wash Mom Jeans, $60, Mango; Fringe Backless Loafers, $25, Target; Jersey Turtleneck Top, $6, H&MGood news for last semester's internship wardrobe: blazers are back. Take the office appropriate staple into cool-girl territory with ultra sporty pieces like an oversized hoodie and classic FILA sneakers. Clockwise: Plaid Blazer, $50, H&M; Pink Hoodie, $20, H&M; Puma Crossbody, $25, Urban Outfitters; Medium Wash Skinny Jeans, $50, Zara; Pink Sneakers, $65, FILA; Pink Clear Sunglasses, $18, V By VyeCan't stop wearing your favorite denim jacket? Don't! Wear that sucker more! My favorite trick: button it all the way up and rock it as a shirt. When paired with even more denim and eclectic accessories, your go-to topper will get a whole new life. Clockwise: Faux Shearling Denim Jacket, $70, Zara; Cherry Earrings, $72, Susan Alexandra; Denim Mini Skirt, $50, Mango; Platform Loafers, $75, ALDO; Leopard Crossbody, $120, Mango		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Because some rules are meant to be broken.A night of dancing (and, yeah, standing by the snacks) doesn’t have to mean sore feet the next day. Trade high heels for super-stylish sneakers and you’ll *never* go back. Converse’s After Party collection of brushed metallics pair well with anything from a sparkly skirt to a printed pant. Here, check out fresh new ways to dress for every type of holiday party.  Yes, black is formal and festive, but try rethinking your idea of standard holiday hues. Whether it’s bright fuchsia or shiny metallic green, be that person at the party who everyone wants to copy. Still can’t resist your signature color? Consider adding a glittery sneaker or jewelry with tons of color and texture. The great thing about the muted tones of the After Party Converse collection is that they can literally complement any color palette.Dodo Bar Or+ jumpsuit, $825, shopbop.com; Roxanne Assoulin earrings, $120, roxanneassoulin.com; Converse lo brushed suede sneaker in egret, $69.99, journeys.com; Gucci green brocade suit; Alice & Olivia blouse, $350, aliceandolivia.com; Converse lo brushed suede sneaker in taupe, $69.99, journeys.com; Moschino pink tulle dress; Zara bejeweled buckle belt, $35.90, zara.com; Converse Chuck black hi sneaker, $54.99, journeys.comThe sparkliest night of the year is absolutely the time to scour vintage stores for gems. Find something that’ll stand out, whether it’s a plush faux fur coat, feather earrings, or an all-over sequin dress—the funkier the better. Vintage shopping can be extremely overwhelming, especially if you don’t have any idea what you want to buy. The best way to have a successful trip: Scan the racks instead of flipping through each item and only pull out the pieces that really stand out—go with your gut. Then, to give something old a modern spin, finish the outfit off with a fresh pair of Converse.RIXO London Midi Dress, $575 SHOP NOWConverse Chuck Taylor All Star Lo Brushed Suede Sneaker in Taupe, $69.99 SHOP NOWGucci Jacquard Flared Pant, $1,800 SHOP NOW“Holiday attire” doesn’t necessarily mean you must wear a dress—you can look just as festive in pants and a blazer. Give textures and patterns a go: think pleather pants and a beaded jacket or a metallic blazer with plaid pants. If you’re wearing black, add a pair of bright Chucks, and if your outfit is bold, stick with a classic white pair. Beaufille vinyl flared pants, $565, netaporter.com; Alexander Wang velvet pearl blazer, price upon request at Alexander Wang boutiques; Alix patent leather bodysuit, $165, alixnyc.com; Converse Chuck red hi sneaker, $54.99, journeys.com; Haider Ackerman blazer; 6397 plaid trouser, $365, 6397news.com; 6397 muscle t-shirt, $95, 6397news.com; Converse Chuck white hi sneaker, $54.99, journeys.com; Rebecca Taylor metallic-knit dress, $325, bloomingdales.comDon’t be intimidated by a suit! Thanks to expensive-looking fabrics, exciting patterns, and interesting shades, there are tons of ways to make any suit feel fun and just right for you. Look for details that add a little something extra, like your grandma’s brooch or a velvet stripe down the legs. Pop on a turtleneck or tie-neck blouse, and voilà: the perfect suit. Sneakers make it feel extra cool, like you casually wear suits all the time. And…maybe you should! Scotch & Soda Classic Striped Blazer, $225 SHOP NOWConverse Chuck Taylor All Star Lo Brushed Suede Sneaker in Egret, $69.99 SHOP NOWNorma Kamali Velour Boot Cut Pants, $140 SHOP NOWThe addition of simple accessories, like polka dot tights or colored gloves, will add to your overall vibe if you’re wearing a more traditional outfit. Converse sneakers with textured sparkle? Yes. A statement necklace? Yes. Bright red lips? Do it! And a pro styling tip: ballerina tie your laces above the ankle for a little something extra.Paul & Joe velvet mini dress, $590, netaporter.com; Converse Chuck white hi sneaker, $54.99, journeys.com; Simone Rocha tartan midi dress, $1,260, netaporter.com; Wing and Weft white sheer gloves, similar at vintage stores; Converse Chuck black hi sneaker, $54.99, journeys.com; Red Valentino tulle skirt, $750, redvalentino.com; Rag & Bone olive velvet blazer, $595, nordstrom.com; Converse lo brushed suede sneaker in egret, $69.99, journeys.comYes, your coat is usually just what you throw on to get you to and from the party, but it can also be part of your look for the entire night if a portion of the event is outside. If you’re going to do a big, colorful coat, then wearing it with a sneaker will keep it from looking too over-the-top. Plus, you won’t have to worry about heels sinking into frosty grass.Sandy Liang Patch Coat, $3,900 SHOP NOWConverse Chuck Taylor All Star Hi Sneaker in Black, $54.99 SHOP NOWTuleste Purple Pom Pom Earrings, $175 SHOP NOWGroup outfits (like group Halloween costumes) are just more fun. Grab a few of your BFFs and pick a color palette. Swap a single shoe from a pair of your favorite Converse with a friend so you each have a different shade, making you especially noticeable to party-goers.Max Mara jumpsuit, $1,990, netaporter.com; Wing and Weft pink velvet gloves, similar at vintage stores; Marc Jacobs black and white striped skirt suit; Marc Jacobs metallic pink skirt suit; Tuleste white pom pom earrings, $60, tuleste.com.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			*Sends link to Santa.*Today on Keeping Up With the Kardashians' Latest Clothing Collabs, we're drooling over Kendall and Kylie Jenner's new launch at Macy's. The iconic duo released a shockingly affordable line of puffer coats, frayed denim, and cropped jackets – basically, your entire Christmas list. The collection is available at Macy's and ranges from $385 for the ultra luxe faux fur coats to $68 for flirty mini skirts, with most items under $100.  Shop #KKFALL18 outerwear now @macys ❄️ link in bio #kendallandkylieA post shared by  Kendall + Kylie (@kendallandkylie) on Nov 5, 2018 at 3:36pm PSTBefore you spend all your money on the other Kardashian family collabs (read: Kylie Cosmetics at Ulta, the new KKW Beauty x KYLIE lipstick launch, Kendall + Kylie's under-$40 accessories line, etc.) shop the cutest pieces from this line below. Kelsey is the style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Bring on the hat hair! Most years, you avoid winter hats like the plague (static, hat hair – need I say more?), but that ends now. Your favorite brands are turning it out with sick af knit accessories this year and these beanies are so cute, you'll be rocking them on the daily.So here are all the cutest beanies that will make you fully embrace your hat hair. This beanie is so Ariana Grande, Pete Davidson's about to get it tattooed on his ribcage. Bold, bright colors add a fashion-y touch to classic Christmas fair isle. You can bet the Kardashian fam will be rocking this bold hue all winter long. This knit comes with its own Monday motivation built right in. An edgy logo print takes a simple beanie into statement hat territory. You can skip the earrings with this glitzy hat.  Buy this hat pre-sparkled or glue some on your own hat for cheap. And the animal print obsession continues...Multicolored puff balls were made for snow day photo shoots. Get you a hat that keeps it real. 💯		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			 Sweats for life.Real pants are officially cancelled, hunny! And it's all thanks to these adorable sweatpants outfits what will make you reject your pile of denim for the foreseeable future.  Here are all the cutest ways to dress up your comfiest hoodies, sweatshirts, sweatpants, and joggers. Clockwise: Striped Sweater, $99, Sanctuary Clothing; Sporty Fanny Pack, $19, Windsor; All Star Low Top Chuck Taylor, $50, Converse; Animal Print Jogger, $85, Urban OutfittersClockwise: Leopard Print Hoodie, $99, Sanctuary Clothing; Faux Leather Moto Jacket, $36, Boohoo; Chain Fanny Pack, $20, Cotton On; Velour Track Pants, $99, Sanctuary Clothing; All Star High Top Chuck Taylor, $55, ConverseClockwise: Tommy Classics Hoodie, $90, Tommy Hilfiger; Studded Crossbody Bag, $30, Cotton On; Floral Mini Dress, $27, American Eagle; Cage Bootie, $100, Chinese LaundryClockwise: Leopard Puffer Coat, $24, Boohoo; Tommy Icons Hoodie, $168, ASOS; Metallic Tote Bag, $24, American Eagle; Over the Knee Boots, $32, BoohooClockwise: Cowl Neck Sweater, $39, Lulu's; Pearl Hoop Earrings, $12, Express; Cream Low Top, $80, Converse; Tommy Hilfiger Joggers, $44, Urban Outfitters; Sherpa Fanny Pack, $18, American EagleClick play to watch these outfits in action! 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You'll love these faux sure. These (fake) fur coats are so glam, you'll actually want to cover up your outfit. The luxe topper makes any outfit look ten times chicer in two seconds, which means you need one ASAP. Here are all the cutest options to shop – and they're all under $100. Wear this blush puff all the way into spring.  You've already got leopard print, snakeskin, and zebra print in your closet, round out your collection with this tiger coat. This fluffy number packs a major punch – and it'll keep you so warm. For when you've got a workout at 7 and a party at 8. This vintage-y sherpa jacket is serving major '70s vibes.An all-over shearling bomber gives a streetwear twist to any outfit. Aaaand I'm officially obsessed with lavender.  Cobalt blue is basically a neutral – the bold shade goes with basically anything. This luxe snow leopard print looks $$$ for $. Throw on this badass coat and give your look a punch of rock and roll. This soft jacket does double-duty. Flip it inside out for a floral statement coat that totally pops.  This party-worthy topper is the perfect add-on to your New Year's Eve outfit. This number is the definition of a statement coat. Over the typical black fur coat? Go for a sleek gray bomber with a sporty kick.  Dress up your white tee and jeans with textured blush tones. You'll feel like a Kardashian in this sherpa crop. This denim jacket is perfect for all seasons. Button on the rainbow collar to make it winter-ready.You might as well have stolen this preppy topcoat straight from Spencer Hastings' closet.  If you wanted to be the most extra person in the room...Rock with plaid jacket with or without the faux fur collar. This silky soft jacket is basically an outfit all itself. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Is your lifelong dream to become a model? Find out if you can handle the hard work that comes with it.This is a modal window.Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window.End of dialog window.Anyone who has ever watched America’s Next Top Model knows that modeling isn’t all smilizing and free designer clothes. It’s tough work — if you can even break into the industry, that is. If you think you have what it takes to conquer the early morning photoshoots and long hours under bright lights, read the guide below to find out how to become a model! You don’t have to uproot your life and move to NYC to start your career as a model, but where you live can determine the types of gigs available to you. If you're down to star in a local magazine, commercial, or catalog, check out the agents in your hometown. Another tip is to identify a few models who look like you and ask them for modeling gig advice. They may be able to set you up with an agent who can get you a lot of work in whatever modeling niche you want to pursue, whether that be in the plus-size, fitness, or cosmetic spheres.If you have your sights set on high fashion, though, you may want to consider a move to a big cosmopolitan city like New York City, London, or Paris.It’s a common misbelief that aspiring models should go all out and take the most glam headshots ever to present to scouts and agencies. Save your money. Instead, have a friend take a few photos of you in natural light with little-to-no makeup rocking simple hair and clothing. On top of a headshot, be sure to get pictures of yourself from your chest up and a full body shot of yourself in swimwear or athletic gear (like a sports bra and shorts). If you can impress agents in friend-shot pics, then odds are you will SLAY in a full-on photoshoot.Wondering WTF modeling agents ACTUALLY do? Well, they match you with bookings and oversee your career. That being said, finding a reputable agency to take you on before you have experience can be tough.Here are a few tips outlined by the Better Business Bureau to help you find your dream agent:A comp card or composite card is like a business card for models. They are also sometimes called a z card, zed card, or sed card. It features a few more polished headshots, your measurements, and your contact information. You’ll need them when you go on casting calls as a way for clients to remember you and reach out if they'd like to book you. You can purchase an inexpensive template to make your own card on Easy for $8.Meeting more agents and clients can lead to new opportunities and connections. You can try emailing your photos to agencies or mailing hard copies to their offices. If you live in a big city, you should also attend open casting calls, which you can find by searching online. Just check out the agency’s site beforehand to see how they would like you to dress.It’s a pretty safe bet that the models you know and love didn’t go to modeling schools. ModelScouts, an industry resource site, says these schools can help teach poise, makeup and hair techniques, but agencies will book you mainly for your look.ModelScouts does, however, recommend that aspiring models enroll in acting classes and workshops. They’ll teach you proper audition skills and how to work around cameras on set. Models also occasionally get cast for small roles in commercials and TV shows, so acting is a great skill to have to pick up more money. You should also work on your walk, as a good model prowl takes more than just a swing of the hips. Watch Youtube videos of the greats (like Naomi Campbell and Tyra Banks) and practice your walk in the full length mirrors in your room or at the gym. Learn different styles of walks — from the 'Clydesdale clomp' to a Naomi Campbell-style strut — and find one that feels like *you* on your journey to becoming a model! 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Bring on the food!Planning a Thanksgiving outfit is a delicate equation. It's gotta be cute enough for holiday Instagram, comfortable enough for a mid-day nap, but still dressy enough to to please grandma (ie: no ripped jeans). So to save you endless "did you buy your jeans that way?" jokes, I've picked out five comfy-cute outfits that perfect for Turkey Day. Clockwise: Studded Black Denim Jacket, $50, American Eagle; Plaid Dress, $69, Urban Outfitters; Glitter Crossbody Bag, $25, Icing; Buckle Bootie, $130, Dr. Scholl'sClockwise: Plaid Long Sleeve Dress, $45, TOBI; Gold Chain Necklace, $5, Forever 21; Pink Circle Bag, $95, ban.do; White Combat Boots, $80, Dr. Scholl'sClockwise: Puff Sleeve Sweater, $31, TOBI; Belt Bag, $30, Aldo; Floral Slip Dress, $62, Revolve; Black and White Chelsea Boots, $140, Dr. MartensClockwise: Lion Pendant Necklace, $5, Forever 21; Stay Weird T-shirt, $25, JCPenney; Boyfriend Fit Denim Jacket, $70, American Eagle; All Star Chuck Taylor High Top, $55, Converse; Two-Tone Jeans, $110, Dillard's Clockwise: Striped Sweater, $108, TOBI; Corduroy Overall Dress, $40, Urban Outfitters; Circle Bag, $35, Aldo; All Star Chuck Taylor High Tops, $55, ConverseWant more inspo? Click play!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			These super easy presents cost less than $10 and will score you endless points for creativity and cuteness.Not sure what to get your besties, siblings, or secret santa this year? These DIY pressies are super easy and affordable — plus, you'll score bonus points for creativity and thoughtfulness. You don't need next-level DIY skillz to make them either — they're basically impossible to mess up. Supplies:Directions:1. Roll each color of clay that you want to use into a small snake 4-6 inches long. 2. Combine the different color rolls into one big roll and twist together.3. Fold the snake in half and twist the two ends together. 4. Roll the large twist into a snake about twice the original length to combine the colors. Repeat steps 3 and 4 a few times.5. Squish clay into a ball. 6. Use a rolling pin or glass jar to roll out the marbled ball flat, so it's about 1/4" thick.7. Use a round bowl at least 6" wide as a template and place it face down on the flattened clay. Cut away the clay around it with an X-Acto or plastic clay knife.8. Place clay circle in an oven-safe bowl or ramekin and bake in the oven according to the clay package directions (ours was 15 minutes at 275°F). Remove the bowl from the oven and allow to cool before turning the larger bowl upside down. If needed, tap lightly until the clay dish falls out.9. Use an oil-based Sharpie marker to color the rim of the dish and allow to dry. 10. Place monogram sticker in center and seal the dish with a clear glaze.Supplies:Directions:1. Cut iron-on glitter fabric to desired size.2. With a hot iron, warm the area on the cosmetic bag where the glitter strip is going to be placed. 3. Place glitter strip with the sparkly side up on bag. Place a thin towel or napkin over it and heat with a hot iron.4. Allow to cool and glue letter patch to center of glitter fabric.Use embroidery thread to make a friendship bracelet that you can affix to another gift or just wrap up on its own. Supplies:Directions:1. Cut thread 3-4 times as long as you want the bracelet to be. Tie strings together in a knot and safety pin (or tape) to a pillow or the knee of your pants. Starting on the left, make a "4" by pulling the first string across the second one. 2. Loop the end of the first string around second string.3. Pull the end through center.4. Pull up tight toward the top to create a knot. 5. Do this twice, then move on to the next strand. 6. When you get to the last string, start again on the left.Supplies:Directions:1. Knot end of clear fish wire. String 2-4 different colored beads on fish wire in desired pattern.2. Knot the closure on one end.3. Knot clasp on the other end.4. Make a tassel with gold thread by wrapping gold string around one hand several times. 5. Remove from hand and cut end of string end. Squeeze two sides of string circle together and thread small piece of string through center.6.  Pull both ends of the string tightly at top of circle.7. Tie into knot. 8. Knot entire circle at the top end that has been tied and pull tightly. 9. Cut the bottom of the loop to create a tassel. 10. Tie tassle onto closure and knot several times.Supplies:Directions:1. Cut square of glitter paper about twice the size of one phone case.2. Draw heart on back of vinyl glitter paper. 3. Cut out heart.4. Draw designs with Sharpie marker on front of heart. 5. Cut heart in half vertically and remove adhesive cover from back.6. Attach one half of the heart to each phone case.Supplies:Directions:1. Layer washi tape along corners of notebook.2. Add vertical strips of washi tape in another color or pattern along the binding. 3. Add washi tape in another color or pattern as accents, if desired. Add alphabet stickers in corner or center of notebook desired to spell out recipient's name or monogram.4. Wrap pencil with washi tape keeping it as tight as possible. Use pretty ribbon to tie pen around notebook.Supplies:Directions:1. Roll clay into thin, small snake.2. Cut bead about 1-2 inches long with X-Acto or plastic clay knife.3. Push skewer through center of bead to make a hole in the center. Wiggle around to make hole large enough for chain to pass through.4. Bake bead in the oven according to directions and let cool completely. 5. Place clear tape around bottom of bead before painting to help you create a neat line.6. Paint end of bead with small paint brush and let dry completely.7. Once paint has dried, draw a thin border with Sharpie marker. Glaze entire bead and allow to dry.8. String chain through center of bead.Supplies:Directions:1. Peel label from Nutella Jar.2. Cut 2-inch wide strip of glitter adhesive paper.3. Peel and wrap paper around front of Nutella jar.4. Print photos and cut out. Glue photo on white construction paper and cut a 1/4-1/2" border around the photo to create a Polaroid like frame. Write cute message if desired.5. Apply glue to back of photo. 6. Attach photo to front of jar in center of glitter paper. 7. Tie ribbon around top of jar, leaving enough slack on each side to make a bow.8. Place spoon handle in center of ribbon and tie a bow around the spoon's handle to attach it to the jar. Supplies:Directions:1. Peel sticker from Tic Tac container.2. Decorate sides and top with gold Sharpie marker.3. Apply small dots of glue to outside of container in desired pattern.4. Apply glitter over glue dots for a more precise design, or sprinkle glitter on top and shake off excess.Supplies:Directions:1. Cut 2 small squares from glitter paper for every magnet. 2. Print photos and trim to fit inside glitter paper square.3. Apply thin layer of glue to back of photo. 4. Place photo in center of glitter paper.5. Use X-Acto knife to cut an inner square from the second glitter square a little smaller than the photo. 6. Remove inner square to create a frame.7. Glue frame over photo.8. Attach stick-on magnet to back of photo.Supplies:Directions:1. Place sticker letter in center of mug.2. Use gold marker to outline sticker in small dots. The dots should be very dense around edges of letter.3. Continue adding dots around letter, making them more spread out as you move away from the sticker.4. Remove sticker.Supplies:Directions:1. Paint wood plaque and allow to dry completely.2. Use ruler to divide board into 9 equal-sized squares and outline the checkerboard in pencil. Cut the same-size square from the glitter paper to use as stencil. 3. Use the stencil to cut 5 small squares from glitter paper. 4. Remove adhesive cover on back.5. Place squares on painted plaque to create tic-tac-toe board. 6. Decorate edge of board with Sharpie marker and let dry completely.7. Place figurines on board and play!Click play for more adorable DIY gift ideas!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Steamyyyyyyyyyy.Stars like Rita Ora, Shay Mitchell, and more showed up to the 2018 People's Choice Awards in steamy, skin-baring looks. Scroll on to see the nakedest looks from Sunday night's red carpet.In a skintight, striped mesh gown with white booties.In a sheer lace minidress paired with a blazer.In a sheer black gown with well-placed golden embroidery.In a plunging sheer dress with floral embroidery.In a black gown with a sheer skirt.In a half sheer-mesh minidress with long sleeves and a high collar.In a hunter green gown with a plunging neckline and thigh-high slit.In a plunging rust and black gown.In a perriwinkle gown with a low-cut neckline and thigh-high split.In a black and white jumpsuit with bare shoulders and a stomach cutout.In a black lace minidress with sheer panels.In a black lace midi dress.In a blue backless gown with a high center split.From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Plus, the one item in your closet you should throw away ASAP. He's one of your favorite Queer Eye guys and now he’s helping shape your favorite brand as American Eagle’s Stylist at Large – Tan France is undeniably a fashion force to be reckoned with. At this point, you’ve watched SO many transformative moments on the show that you're dying for Tan to work his magic on your closet. Don’t worry, we've got you. I chatted with Tan to get the DL on what's trending, what he hates, and the one piece in your closet you should throw away right now.  Outerwear. In my opinion, outerwear is the hero piece most of the time and can make you stand out. Even if you are wearing something that’s super basic, you can really elevate it with great outerwear.I do love a belted situation right now, a lot. If something is oversized, I love to belt it!This is probably more for gay men, but I love a crossbody bag right now. If you are gifting to someone who is not very style aware, I would say a great boot! Instead of gifting clothing, I think a great Chelsea boot or chukka boot is a perfect gift for a man.I would have to say an accessory again – a bag. It’s tricky to go for a piece of clothing, it’s just such a personal choice. Just make sure that you know the girl enough that you’re gifting to: Is she a backpack girl? Is she a crossbody girl? Oh there are so many, but let’s stick with one: I don’t love the capri pant denim that has a bell bottoms. It can look cute on certain people, but let me tell you this: If you’re not over 5’6 or 5’7, it’s going to make  you look shorter than you are. A zip up fleece. I would love for that to never be seen again, those half zip up fleece that you pullover. I don’t love it. There are other options out there, there really are!   		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You need these tips in your arsenal.This is a modal window.Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window.End of dialog window.When a bra doesn't fit right, you KNOW it. Your shoulders might ache or you may feel too much compression on your chest, not to mention that your shirts might not be fitting you the way you'd like them to. Well, fret no more. Here’s how to measure your size the right way...Wrap a tape measure around your ribs, just under your boobs. “Exhale to get the smallest measurement possible, and don’t try to stand up super straight or stick out your chest more than normal," says Orit Hashay, founder of the online bra retailer Brayola.This is your band size —the numerical part of your bra size. If you get an odd number, round up to the next even number. This is the first step in figuring out your cup size. Wrap the tape measure securely around your bust, but don’t cinch it. (There should be no boob-smooshing happening.) If you’re between two numbers, round up. Once you’ve rounded up whatever needs to be rounded up, subtract your band size from your bust measurement. The difference between the two numbers determines your cup size:Less than 1”: AA1”: A2”: B3”: C4”: D5”: DD(If the difference is more than 5”, you may want to head to a specialty bra retailer to get fitted by a pro so you can make sure you’re getting the extra support you need.)Quick example: Say your bust measurement is 36.5” (rounded up to 37”) and your band measurement is 33” (rounded up to 34”). The difference is 3 inches, so your ideal bra size is most likely 34C.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Coziness > literally everything.What’s better than going to a party with all of the people you love during the holiday season? Being genuinely comfortable while you’re there. Yes, tight dresses and intimidating heels in varying levels of sparkle (from shimmery glitter to SEQUIN) pop up in every store window the second Halloween is over, but there are so many ways to take the comfy-cute route and still look fire.To get the inspo flowing, check out the holiday outfits below. They’ll leave plenty of room for seconds at dinner — and a whole lot of stretch for the dance floor.Simple and sweet: a poppy, off-the-shoulder red sweater dress and a ridiculously cool pair of sparkly kicks. You really can’t go wrong. American Eagle Off-The-Shoulder Sweater Dress, $50, ae.com; Chuck Taylor All Star Lo Brushed Suede Sneaker in Taupe, $69, journeys.com.Being comfortable doesn’t have to mean ditching all of the holiday classics. A soft velvet dress will always feel festive. Pair it with a flashy patent combat boot, and this look is an easy contender for best dressed. Topshop Velvet Ruched Midi-Dress, $68, topshop.com; Forever 21 Faux Patent Leather Boots, $35; forever21.com.Matching sets make getting dressed so easy. Add a fun pair of furry slides into the mix for more texture (and zero blisters). American Eagle Sweater Set, $80, ae.com; Madewell Jackson Shearling Slides, $88, shopbop.com.A jumpsuit so comfy it’s virtually pajamas? Sign us up. Bershka Long Jacquard Jumpsuit, $50, bershka.com; Zara Ribbed Sweater, $30, zara.com; H&M Ballet Flats, $13, hm.com.If you love the idea of a bodycon dress but hate feeling like you can’t breathe all night, an ultra-soft sweater version is the perfect fix. Liven it up with a pair of on-trend pink sneakers that'll help you kill it on the dance floor.Wilfred Free Mariel Dress, $75, aritzia.com; Chuck Taylor All Star Lo Brushed Suede Sneaker in Egret, $69, journeys.com.An oversized sweater is the next best thing to being wrapped in your comforter. Paired with a floaty skirt, you’ll look effortlessly chic. Hollister Oversized Sweater, $40, hollisterco.com; H&M Flounced Skirt, $30, hm.com; Topshop Anastasia Pumps, $15, topshop.com.Statement suit — but make it cozy. This one’s made of the fall-favorite fabric corduroy. (Bonus points if it’s a stunner color like baby blue.) Add a slouchy graphic t-shirt and sneakers that feel a little fancy.Bershka Double-Breasted Corduroy Blazer, $60, bershka.com; Bershka Corduroy Culottes, $40, bershka.com; Zara T-Shirt, $10, zara.com; Chuck Taylor All Star Lo Lux in Taupe , $49, journeys.com.A flouncy midi-dress is super fun to dance in, and this one has pompoms, so…enough said. A black bootie adds edge, but the low heel makes it stay-out-late worthy.Zara Plaid Dress, $70, zara.com; Steve Madden Chelsea Boot, $90, nordstrom.com		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			This will be THE coat of 2018. It’s that time of year when the temperatures drop and you dig your winter coat out of storage. If your jacket is looking a little more dingy than your remember, Everlane’s popular ReNew Puffy Puff is back in stock after having a 38,000 person waitlist.Even better, the jacket is part of Everlane’s ReNew line that replaces traditional synthetic fabric with an extra-cozy sustainable fabric that’s made from 100% recycled plastic bottles. So if you're interested, don't wait until the temperatures drop to buy. Frequent Everlane shoppers know that the brand's limited stock means that popular items go fast and this coat is no exception. From: Good Housekeeping US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Because true love lasts as long as Damon Salvatore.It's probably laced with Vervain.Bonnie Bennett would love this. This pillow is as close to perfect as any pillow will get. This shirt totally read my mind. Only a true fan will appreciate this print. Walk freely in the day with this replica. Wear your relationship status on a tee!It's almost like you got a gift from Stefan!Rep your fave ship in style. Perfect for your vampire-loving heart.Cheer on the home team! Honor the best Mystic Falls families. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			They're perfect for homecoming. Episode three of Riverdale did not disappoint. It brought us a deranged Ethel, drug labs, and a strange boy-on-boy fighting ring. Despite all of this excitement and gore, there was one glimmering moment (literally) in the episode: the opening of La Bonne Nuit, Veronica's long-awaited speakeasy. La Bonne Nuit is a classic speakeasy, featuring a secret code, lots of cocktails (virgin, of course), and valet parking ("you don't take the subway to the Met Gala"). Because of this, Veronica kept the dress code very strict. While we didn't get to hear exactly what the dress code was, I'm going to call it "modern 1920s luxury." Let me tell you, the girls did not disappoint. Josie, Betty, and Cheryl showed up looking fabulous, as always. And, of course, the star of the night, Veronica, stole the show in a floor length glittery gown. Want to shop the looks and nab one of these dresses for your upcoming homecoming dance? Here's where to get the prohibition-approved gowns. Josie KILLED her super sultry rendition of "Anything Goes," and she paired the performance with an equally sultry, Kevin-approved, sequin dress. Want that look? Here are some dresses that have the same feel. Veronica wowed in this simple, floor-length purple gown accented with a gorgeous belt. The look is super easy to pull off and perfect for twirling!Of course, Cheryl rolled up to La Bonne Nuit in a red dress, what else do you expect? The mini shorts with a skirt attached was a super original touch, but if you're just looking to drape yourself in red sequins a la Cheryl Bombshell, here are some perfect looks for you. Betty ditched the sequins and went for a more classic look, opting for a gorgeous blue brocade dress featuring some pretty cherry blossoms. You can get the actual dress (and a few more affordable options) below!Carolyn Twersky is the Editorial Fellow at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Twitter and Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			They're like sweatpants for your head.Calling all Jugheads! If you basically live in your beanie come wintertime, keep reading, because there's some major style inspo ahead. Your fave cool weather accessory doesn't have to be the necessity you throw on just to keep warm. These ten cute as hell outfits trun the winter staple into a fashion af detail that will totally make your outfit. Bella added rocker flare to a plain black turtleneck with a plaid trench, platform Docs, and a cozy beanie. What you'll need: Molly Platform Boots, $170, Dr. MartensSHOP HEREBreak out of your all-black winter wardrobe with an all-gray fit, like Kendall's. A slouchy sweater and polished gray jeans get a cool-girl touch with a matching knit hat. What you'll need: Graphic Fold-Over Beanie, $8, Forever 21SHOP HEREEvery blogger on your Insta feed has already started rocking suits for fall. Give yours a laid-back feel with a tomboy fold-over beanie. What you'll need: Gray Plaid Blazer, $58, TOBISHOP HEREThe easiest way to look chic in the freezing cold: a sleek jacket, a chunky scarf, and an edgy beanie. The dark neutral tones keep this outfit looking so trendy. What you'll need: Double Breasted Charcoal Coat, $70, H&MSHOP HEREKylie gave her classic beanie a MAJOR dose of glitz with a see-through crystal-studded top from Yeezy and a shredded knit mini. If you don't want to bare your boobs, pair your beanie with a sequin top instead.Let this sporty outfit stand as tribute to the love that once blossomed between Noah Cyrus and Lil Xan. Noah wore her (now ex) bae's beanie with track pants and a pleather bandeau. What you'll need: Striped Track Pants, $65, ASOSSHOP HEREYep, camo is still in style, but if you're over the camo pants trend, opt for a printed turtleneck with over-the-knee boots and a matching army green beanie. What you'll need: Ribbed Knit Beanie, $7, Forever 21SHOP HEREServe major Matrix vibes with a floor-length trench and a fall af turtleneck. Top it off with a plain black beanie or add in a pop of color. What you'll need: Black Duster Coat, $48, Forever 21SHOP HERE@hypebae, this look is all you: patent leather jacket, skater-style hoodie, and a Supreme hat. What you'll need: Adidas Graphic Beanie, $20, ZumiezSHOP HERE*Fresh Prince theme song plays* Pile on your favorite throwback trends (tiny shades and patched jeans) and give your go-with-everything knitted hat some 199os flare.What you'll need: Small Oval Sunglasses, $18, Urban OutfittersSHOP HERE		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It looks just like the real deal. The moment Jughead put on that black leather jacket on the Riverdale Season 1 finale, he basically sold his soul to the devil (well, to a pack of Serpents, technically). His decision to temporarily take his dad's spot as a Southside Serpent ended up being a horrible idea, but you can't deny that jacket is badass.I've been searching the internet ever since to find one just like it and thanks to my emo fave Hot Topic, the hunt is finally over.They just restocked this fan favorite, a unisex faux leather jacket with a Southside Serpents patch that looks just like the real thing. The best part? It's only $70. Already have a leather jacket you want to Riverdale-up? Hot Topic also sells a Serpents patch you can stick on. Or if you're more of a Cheryl type of chick, HT also has her smokin' hot Blossom-red Serpent jacket. Want more Riverdale merch? Shop our favorites below. Kelsey is the style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Outfits that defy all odds.UCS Party Season is upon us, but it doesn't have to kill your style ~vibe~. A few playful accessories and sparkly metallic add-ons are all it takes balance out the badness. Try these majorly cute outfits to get in the holiday spirit.You don't need mistletoe with this cheeky top. Pair your sweater with a Christmas-y floral dress and glitter-heel booties for a festive outfit that'll stand out. Clockwise: Gardenia Floral Statement Necklace, $28, Francesca's; Holidays Sweater with 'Let's Make Out' Slogan, $35, ASOS; Kacey Boots, $99, Betsey Johnson; Bow Front Bandeau Mini Skater Dress, $20, ASOS; Candy Cane Beanie, $20, Tipsy Elves I'm not entirely sure, but I think Santa and his flying reindeer might have escaped from Hawkins Lab... Rep your favorite squad with this snowflake-printed Stranger Things sweater. Leopard hiking boots and jewel encrusted skinnies keep your look edgy af. Clockwise: Feeling Fancy Spectrum Sunnies, $40, Free People; Stranger Things Ugly Holiday Sweater, $60, Box Lunch; Faux Fur Mini Pouch, $28, Free People; Vintage High Ankle Jeans, $60, H&M; Leopard Print Biker Boots, $68, Pretty Little Thing What would Beyonce wear to an ugly sweater party? Probz this "sleigh ma name" sweater layered under an ultra sparkly mini dress. Add on even more Queen B swag with a sequined clutch and pearl-studded booties. Clockwise: mas Sweater, $25, Pretty Little Thing; ASOS Glitter Bandeau Dress, $31, ASOS; Pearl Frill Boot, $55, Pretty Little Thing; Multi-Colored Sequin Clutch, $28, Francesca'sYes, there's a Beyonce theme to these sweaters and no, I'm not mad about it. Get EXTRA extra with a "jingle ladies" sweater and a Christmas tree crossbody to match. Clockwise: McKinley Pearl Chain Statement Necklace, $28, Francesca's; All The Jingle Ladies Tacky Sweater, $44, Francesca's; Leopard Print Chain Mules, $35, Pretty Little Thing; Spruce Me Up Crossbody, $88, Betsey Johnson; Boyfriend Low Jeans, $40, H&MIdk who decided that Santa Claus rides reindeer, because Santa on a unicorn makes much more sense. Sequined booties and a silver moto jacket keep this galaxy-printed sweater feeling totally futuristic. Clockwise: Metallic Silver Biker Jacket, $38, Pretty Little Thing; Santa Unicorn Ugly Christmas Sweater, $65, Tipsy Elves; Super Skinny High Jeans, $20, H&M; Rainbow Sequin Ankle Boots, $60, ASOSWant more holiday style inspo? Click play! 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Plus, shop her $11 romper. WARNING: SPOILERS AHEADThis week's Riverdale was a bombshell: Archie goes to prison, Betty has a seizure, and babies are FLOATING IN MIDAIR – things have gotten pretty crazy down in R-town. The episode also revealed another shocking twist you never saw coming: Betty Cooper shops at Abercrombie & Fitch. Yep, a ton of BC's most iconic looks were from the mall favorite – and they're all under $30. Like this $12 denim romper she layered under a purple T-shirt. The denim one is currently sold out (of course it is 😒), but you can still shop the gingham, coral, and striped versions here. Later on in the episode, Betty serves even more Abercrombie! She wore this sunny yellow dress for Archie's trial (which I'm still freaking out about, but not the time – sorry).Her perfect-for-fall mini is currently on sale for $29 and is available in two other Riverdale-approved colors, like black (for the Veronicas out there) and white (if you were really into Cheryl's funeral look). Want more Riverdale style inspo? Check out these cute af Betty-inspired outfit ideas. Kelsey is the style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram! 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			So many of our faves in one place.From T-Swift's sparkly disco-y lewk to Poppy's...face mask(?)—here's what all the celebrities are wearing on the 2018 American Music Awards red carpet.From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			After their last public appearance, there was no Joe Alwyn in sight. After they *kind of* made a public appearance together at the New York Film Festival last month, Taylor Swift fans hoped that she might break tradition and walk the 2018 American Music Awards red carpet with boyfriend Joe Alwyn. But alas, their dreams were shattered like the mirrored texture on Taylor's dress. The pop icon showed up to the AMAs dripping in silver and completely solo.It's not a surprise that the uber private couple didn't flaunt their love on the red carpet. After her very public breakup with her last fling (listen to "Getaway Car" if you don't know what I'm talking about), Taylor has taken a completely different route with her current relationship. Basically all we know about Taylor and Joe is that she thinks he's "gorgeous" and they sometimes hold hands, but honestly, that sounds like a pretty great love story to me.Kelsey is the style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Her skirt shines bright!With only a few months left until the premiere of Life-Size 2, Tyra Banks is in full Eve mode, stepping out on the American Music Awards red carpet in an outfit that is totally Sunnyvale approved. With a super fun fringe skirt, a billowing white blouse and the coolest structured belt you've ever seen, Tyra is looking like a doll come to life, ready to teach us some life lessons like she undoubtedly will to Francia Raisa in the sequel to the hit Disney movie. Also, can we talk about that hat? It's very train conductor meets the runway. Maybe Eve took a part time job manning the transit line back in Sunnyvale. And the skirt just makes me want to jump around and blast "Shine Bright." Overall, Tyra's look has us SO excited for the new movie. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			*Writes a love letter to that blue bomber jacket*Lara Jean has the cutest style in To All the Boys I've Loved Before. Even Peter notices how much of a trendsetter she is. Whether Lara Jean is lounging on her couch, or at the first day of school, she always looks super cool in a prep school meets downtown sort of way. Want to recreate her best looks without breaking the bank? We've got all the pieces you need.This is a modal window.Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window.End of dialog window.This is the perfect school day look. It's super cute, but also a little edgy, and the cool sneakers add a popular trend to the outfit that'll make all your friends jealous. Shopping List: There's like maybe a week in the fall that it's warm enough to wear a skirt and cold enough to wear a turtleneck, but that doesn't mean you can't rock this outfit for that one week! When it gets a little chillier, throw on some stockings or tights to keep your legs warm. Shopping List: Lara Jean's first day of school outfit is serious fall fashion inspiration. The whole cute lumberjack look is so fun, and is anyone else obsessed with those boots? Seriously, what was Gen thinking when she made fun of them? LJ's backpack is also the perfect school accessory, and who can forget the scrunchie!Shopping List: Lara Jean loves those button up skirts, and for good reason! They're so cute. Again, it's hard to find the weather to pair a long-sleeve with a skirt, but fall is the perfect time to do it!Shopping List: Lara Jean went super girly the day she decided to accept being Peter's fake gf. This look is so adorable and literally perfect when you want to look extra cute for school.Shopping List: The key to this outfit is getting jeans with a butt pocket perfect for bae's hand (kidding...kind of). Shopping List: Lara Jean proves she's a style queen in this super cute party getup. Seriously, that dress is perfect for fall and those platform loafers are a perfect swap out for sneakers when you get tired of wearing the same pair of shoes everyday. Shopping List: When I'm trying to get comfy, I throw on the closest pair of sweatpants I can find, but Lara Jean opts for a dress instead apparently, making it look cute and casual by pairing it with a oversized grey sweater. Seriously, does LJ know the term casual Fridays? Shopping List: Another example of Lara Jean killing causal style. Look at her, lounging on the couch, looking so comfy yet so cute at the same time!Need more Lara Jean outfit inspo? Click play! 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Bring on the Kylies!It's been a long year full of Kardashian/Jenner babies, Taylor Swift music videos, and surprise celeb engagements – all moments that were basically made for Halloween.This year, you'll be swimming in costume ideas, so to prep you for Halloweekend, here are all the most epic pop culture costumes that are destined to be the "Twerking Miley" of 2018.Everyone is still talking about the insane brawl that went down between Cardi and Nicki at the Harper's Bazaar ICONS party earlier this month, leaving Cardi bruised and shoeless. Though the fight was unfortunate, it brought us the most epic costume of 2018: Cardi vs. Nicki. For Nicki, think neon colors, leopard print, and a booty-hugging outfit. If you're channeling Cardi, go for a bold reds or rock a version of her "I Like It" music video look. Oh, and don't forget the heel to the head for extra laughs. Whether you're Team Nicki or Team Cardi, dressing up as either rapper will definitely turn heads. What you'll need: Hot Pink Wig, $12, AmazonSHOP HEREYou can't forget To All The Boys I've Loved Before, arguably the best teen rom-com of 2018 (Sorry, Kissing Booth fans). When you weren't obsessing over Lara Jean and Peter's adorable scenes, you were probably taking notes on Lara's preppy-cool style. You might not be able to snag her arm candy, but you can definitely recreate her fun looks for Halloween.What you'll need: Striped Turtleneck, $78, RevolveSHOP HEREAnother *iconic* movie, The Kissing Booth is a pop culture moment you definitely talked about this year. From Elle's super cute school uniform to Noah's bad boy look, the Netflix original is filled with costume ideas that are not only relevant AF, but also a breeze to pull together last-minute.What you'll need: Plaid Mini Skirt, $14, BoohooSHOP HEREAs beauty vlogger James Charles said, Ari "shook the nation" with her release of "God Is a Woman," and he gave you just what you needed: a tutorial of the singer's gorgeous painted makeup.This makeup-only look is perfect for the procrastinators who want to forgo costume shopping and planning this Halloween. But not to worry, you'll still look glam and put-together.What you'll need: Purple Lipstick, $4.20, NYX CosmeticsSHOP HEREEveryone's fave superhero family returned to the big screen this year,  , and they did not disappoint. Since the second movie just hit theaters in June, dressing up as anyone in the Parr family is totally appropriate and not to mention, easy to whip up.  Just purchase a full costume online, or get creative with a red bodysuit and black fabric. Plus, this look is ideal for a group or family costume. What you'll need: The Incredibles Jumpsuit, $35, TargetSHOP HEREThe singer and rapper's recent relationship drama has been... um, interesting, to say the least. Did they actually date or was it all a publicity stunt? Who broke up with who? Why TF was Charlie Puth involved? Honestly, who knows. But what we do know is that if executed properly, going as Noah and Lil Xan this Halloween will be hilarious. Get your BFF or S.O. and dress up as the most confusing couple of the year. Copy their 2018 VMAs look: For Noah, a bra top and baggy pants combo, and for Lil Xan, head-to-toe camo and a beanie. What you'll need: Bra And Pants Set, $40, Fashion NovaSHOP HERETaylor's resurrected  "Look What You Made Me Do" outfits stole Halloween 2017, but she debuted a ton of 'stume-worthy looks in her 2018 music videos, too. From that haunting black cape to her all-white horse look, "Ready For It..." is packed with ideas. What you'll need: Long Black Cape, $36, TargetSHOP HEREThis year's Halloween parties will be swarming with Bettys, Cheryls, and Jugheads, so if you want to stand out from the crowd of Riverdale residents, go for a more unexpected choice. Toni Topaz (or any of the Southside Serpents) is an lesser-known character that's still recognizable, as long as you're wearing that iconic leather jacket.What you'll need: Southside Serpent Faux Leather Jacket, $70, Hot TopicSHOP HEREWAKANDA FOREVER! This Halloween, everyone – and I mean everyone – will be repping the record-breaking Marvel hit, Black Panther. The film features some crazy beautiful fashion, so there's enough costume ideas for you and your entire group. What you'll need: Black Panther Cosplay Necklace, $12, Hot TopicSHOP HEREBeauty blogger James Charles went viral for his hilarious makeup fail and honestly, it makes the perfect costume. Just pile on the setting powder and turn on your camera flash to recreate his now-iconic Flashback Mary look. What you'll need: Peach Perfect Mattifying Setting Powder, $33, Too FacedSHOP HEREKing Kylie was responsible for 99% of the most memorable pop culture moments of 2018 – her insane 21st birthday outfits, her controversial Forbes cover, her surprise freakin' baby! The list of potential costume ideas is long enough for an article of its own, so guess what – I made one for you. Click here for all the most iconic Kylie Jenner costume ideas. What you'll need: Off-the-Shoulder Mini Dress, $28, Fashion Nova SHOP HEREWith the state of our democracy we'll probably all be Handmaids soon anyway, so you might as well embrace it now! *Laughs and cries simultaneously.* What you'll need: Handmaid's Tale Robes, $37, Spirit HalloweenSHOP HEREAll of Selena's latest music videos are filled with style inspo, but her "Back to You" vid is probably the most iconic from this year. She rocks a ribbed orange crop top with a white mini and matching sneakers – so easy to dupe. What you'll need: Orange Striped Sweater, $30, MissguidedSHOP HERESince they're all crazy rich, the characters of Crazy Rich Asians are also crazy well-dressed – floor-length gowns, printed suits, and million-dollar wedding dresses. Perfect for a Halloween costume. If the book is more your thing, grab a pair of faux sapphire earrings and a pearl necklace to rep the cover art.  What you'll need: Lace Low-V Maxi Dress, $45, BoohooSHOP HERETell your bff/bae to cancel all haircuts from now until October, because Justin/Hailey couples costumes are going to be taking over this Halloweekend. Honestly though, I'll take any excuse to wear that rock of an engagement ring.What you'll need: Teardrop Faux Diamond Ring, $29, EtsySHOP HEREThanks to Meghan Markle's mid-wedding outfit change, you've got not one, but TWO different royal wedding costumes to cash in on this Halloween. Go simple and sleek in her off-the-shoulder ceremony dress or totally modern in her halter reception gown. What you'll need: White Off-the-Shoulder Maxi Dress, $86, Lulu'sSHOP HERE		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Whether you're a Betty or a Veronica, these costumes will have you looking like a vixen. Halloween is just around the corner and so is Riverdale season 3! Celebrate the holiday and the return of the show with these 6 Riverdale costumes that are guaranteed to make you the winner of the costume contest. You can watch how the looks are put together here. Break out your combat boots and all the black you can find and you'll be ready to dress as Toni Topaz for Halloween! Now, you just need to find your Cheryl, because #ChoniForever. What you need: Sheer Mesh Body Suit (Similar), $11, Forever 21 Buy NowSterling Silver Double Hanging Arrow (Similar), $29, BlueflyBuy NowNBA Plaid Western Shirt, $60, Levi'sBuy NowWedgie Fit Shorts, $20, Levi'sBuy NowCompton High Beanie, $10, Cotton OnBuy NowBuckle Combat Boots, $41, Charlotte RusseBuy NowRiverdale Southside Serpents Mini Backpack, $40, Hot TopicBuy NowKeep it cool and angsty as Jughead Jones. Layer up with a tee, flannel and, of course, leather jacket. Pair that with some jeans, throw on a beanie and you're good to trick or treat and/or reveal your small town's secrets. What you need: Hooded Faux Leather Jacket (Similar), $24, Forever 21Buy NowFlannel Shirt in Berry Ombre Plaid (Similar), $26, AmazonBuy NowRiverdale Jughead Not Wired Tee, $23, Hot TopicBuy NowEssential Knit Beanie (Similar), $12, Urban OutfittersBuy NowAllen Leather Biker Boots (Similar), $61, ASOSBuy NowLisa Medium Wash Two-Tone Ankle Skinny Jeans (Similar), $49, LulusBuy NowDress-up as Riverdale's queen bee for Halloween this year. Go with a red dress for the base of your outfit and build out from there with some glamorous accessories. Signature attitude and one-liners not included. What you need: Wine Red Lace Backless Skater Dress, $69, LulusBuy NowFaux-Fur Cropped Jacket by The Edit by Seventeen, $65, MacysBuy NowSpider Pin, $7, WalmartBuy NowBlack Suedette Pearl Ankle Strap Heels, $40, Love CultureBuy NowMini Heart Crossbody Bag (Similar), $17, JCPennyBuy NowMore: 7 Ways to Dress Like Cheryl Blossom From RiverdaleGo for the classic Betty Cooper look with a pastel sweater, converse and a pair of jeans. Don't forget to pull your hair back into an extra tight pony!What you need: Marled Raglan Sweater (Similar), $12, Forever 21Buy NowStone Layered Delicate Necklace, $8, Love CultureBuy NowZip and Lock Rucksack (Similar), $18, BoohooBuy NowBlue Super Rip Jamie Jeans, $80, TopshopBuy NowConverse Chuck 70 Reverse Terry Low Top (Similar), $35, NikeBuy NowArchie Andrews is sure to be a popular costume this year. Throw on a Riverdale letterman jacket and you'll be ready to scheme and save the town all night long. What you need: Riverdale Varsity Jacket, $53, AmazonBuy NowFine-knit Sweater, $13, H&M;Buy NowSweeny Low Rise Skinniest Jeans, $19, PacSunBuy NowSuede Chelsea Boot, $89, Urban OutfittersBuy NowRiverdale Varsity Slouch Backpack, $35, Hot TopicBuy NowGo as the ultimate Riverdale vixen, Veronica Lodge. Grab your best pearls and a colored shirt, and don't forget those heels. You'll be breaking hearts in no time. Cece Point Collar Ruffle Top (Similar), $50, Lord & TaylorBuy NowShort Pearl Necklace, $10, TargetBuy NowKassii Heels (Similar), $65, AldoBuy NowFree People Modern Femme Faux-Leather Mini Skirt (Similar), $60, MacysBuy NowAdwaecia Purse (Similar), $40, Call It SpringBuy Now		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The couple that dresses up together, stays together!Finding the perfect costume for you and bae is a balance – it needs to be both funny and cute, but not so cute that your friends are embarrassed to be near you. Here are all the best couples 'stumes even your single friends will appreciate. Dress up like the characters from this ICONIC Black Mirror episode. It will spark interesting conversations about life after death all night. Recreate the best couples costume of all time with your bae. They may have been on opposite sides in Peter Pan, but that doesn't mean Tinkerbell and Captain Hook can't unite for Halloween, right?Gigi and Zayn are ready to save the world together in this incredibly cute couples costume. Calvin and Hobbes makes for a great last-minute costume!Kylie and Tyga's relationship might be dead, but this awesome couples costume will live on forever!Another easy costume, and you can quote lines from the movie all night!Eleven and Mike are quite possibly the cutest (and creepiest) love story of our generation. Pay homage to these two with a couples costume! (Bonus points for the gender reversal)Vanessa Hudgens takes Halloween very seriously so it makes sense that she and Austin would have the best couples costume!Go with a classic like Paris Jackson and pay homage to your fave childhood cartoon. Ok, how cute are Ansel and Violetta as Team Rocket?!Even though Tyga and Kylie aren't together anymore, they did have some killer (literally) couples costumes. Show off your artsy side with this hilarious and cute couples costume. One gets to be the genius artist and the other gets to be a work of art! Throw it back with this adorable couples costume from the 1996 movie. Dress up like the characters from your favorite movie! You can quote the best lines all night. Grab your fanny pack and an old camera! This costume is so creative and a lot of fun. Save Gotham in this adorable dynamic duo costume.  This costume is so adorable AND it puts you in the Christmas spirit!Dress up as your favorite aardvarks from Arthur for a cute throwback. Spend Halloween in Neverland with bae by dressing up as this duo.Grab your rockers and your best robe because there's nothing funnier than dressing up like a grandma for Halloween. The best part? If you get tired, you have an excuse to leave the party early!This costume is so adorable. Talk about a dynamic duo!A classic couples costume for two fans of the cult sitcom. If one of you is girlier, while the other one has more of an edge, this costume is perfect. It's super cute and it shows off two different personalities. Bonus points if you're an on-again-off-again couple. Celebrate women and sports with this super cute costume. Fight crime AND trick or treat in this fun costume.This look is so cool. You will rule your party. Grant wishes all night in this couples costume. Finally, an excuse to quote Mean Girls all night long!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Currently taking suggestions for Gigi and Zayn's wedding hashtag. Take a deep breath, Team Zigi. Gigi Hadid and Zayn Malik are not planning a surprise wedding. Gigi was spotted wearing a next-level bonkers wedding dress, but it wasn't for spur of the moment nuptials (Justin Bieber and Hailey Baldwin 👀). The model actually rocked the bridal look for the Moschino fashion show at Milan Fashion Week. With a bubble bodice, doodle-printed tights, and a 30 foot-long veil, it's basically the dictionary definition of the term "extra." Oh, you thought the craziness ended with '30 foot-long veil'? WRONG. The ensemble also came equipped with hundreds of fluttering butterflies carried down the runway by a full entourage of shadowy figures – not kidding. Gigi was really feelin' the look and wrote a super sweet thank you to Moschino's designer Jeremy Scott on Instagram. A post shared by Gigi Hadid (@gigihadid) on Sep 20, 2018 at 2:35pm PDTNow, if you'll excuse me, I have a 'Zigi Wedding' Pinterest board to complete. Kelsey is the style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			P.S. you'll love these outfits. Calling it now: Lara Jean from To All the Boys I Loved Before will be THE costume of Halloween 2018. And the best part: when November 1 rolls around, your costume won't be banished to the back of your closet never to be seen again. DIY these Lara Jean Halloween costumes with cute (ehem, cheap) clothes you'll want to wear over and over. Need more To All the Boys outfit inspo? Click here. Clockwise: Striped Tee, $32, Lulu's; Corduroy Overall Dress, $69, Urban Outfitters; Mini Crossbody Bag, $130, The Daily Edited; Vegan Leather Maroon Boots, $140, Dr. Martens; Black Scrunchie 8-Pack, $5, AmazonClockwise: Pink Ruffled Cardigan, $15, ModCloth; Sleeveless Embroidered Blouse, $39, ModCloth; Pink Circle Bag, $170, The Daily Edited; Button-Up Denim Skirt, $40, Urban Outfitters; Silver Loafers, $25, GoJaneClockwise: White Turtleneck, $49, Urban Outfitters; Rainbow Scrunchie, $14, Lululemon; Maroon All Star Chuck Taylors, $60, Converse; Maroon Mini Skirt, $60, BB Dakota; Braided Backpack, $30, JustFab Clockwise: Pink Bomber Jacket, $30, Urban Outfitters; Pink Floral Dress, $49, Lulu's; Heart Pendent Necklace, $4, Forever 21; Chunky Sole Sneakers, $60, Boohoo Clockwise: White Collared Blouse, $49, ModCloth; Plaid Western Shirt, $60, Levi's; Low Top Chuck Taylors, $50, Converse; Black Denim Skirt, $40, Urban Outfitters; Navy Crossbody, $130, The Daily EditedClick play to see these outfits in action! 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You can live without a mini fridge, but good luck showering without flip flops. Packing for college can be almost as stressful as applying to college. What should you take? What should you leave behind? What should you buy? Before you blow your money on a whole new wardrobe, check out our list of the essentials you'll really need to survive your freshman year.And if you want to know what to do with them once you buy, here are epic college outfit ideas. Face it: One major perk of dorm life is getting to LIVE in sweatpants without your rents giving you a hard time about it. So max out the comfy factor with a fresh pair of joggers. Instead of a classic black pair, try to mix things up with this fall-y mustard hue.Here's the thing about dorms: Fire alarms go off ALL. THE. TIME. And when this happens, everyone has to exit the building immediately — even if it's 2 in the morning. So, while you might like to sleep in your undies and a lacrosse tee from sixth grade, it's nice to have a couple pairs of cute pajamas to keeping your ~I woke up like this~ game strong.The best thing about a black matching set is that, when you're not wearing the co-ord together as one look, you can mix and match each piece with everything else in your closet. This flirty set features ruffled hems and trendy zipper details.Rule of thumb: don't wear anything ~out~ that you don't want stolen or ruined. You'll have drinks spilled on you, people stepping on your toes, you'll lose things – and in the worst case scenario, someone might puke on you. Get yourself a cheap pleather jacket you can destroy on the weekends and save your quality clothes for class. If you normally exercise in a cut-off tee and booty shorts, you might want to invest in some new athletic-wear that will pass a dress code (your school rec center will probably have one, *eye roll*). Cool mesh leggings will do double duty at the gym and in-between-class naps. The first week of school, you're going to see a lot of girls tottering across campus  after-hours wearing skin-tight dresses and 5-inch stilettos. But don't be fooled – you (and those girls) will learn fast that no one actually dresses up for house parties. Get yourself a pair of statement sandals so you won't have to do the 'my shoes are giving me blisters' barefoot walk home. College life is pretty casual, but you'll want to have at least one nice dress in your closet for the occasions where leggings *aren't* appropriate. Pick a simple, flattering style you can dress up for internship interviews, rush parties, class presentations, and job fairs – because you'll probably go to all of the above at some point before you graduate.There are going to be mornings (read: 8 am classes) when putting on real clothes just isn't going to happen. Keep some comfy joggers in your closet — just add a white tee, a bomber jacket, and cool sneakers for an instant outfit perfect for class (or a Riverdale marathon).Look for a style that can carry all of your essentials — laptop, charger, textbooks, notebooks — from the classroom to the library and back, and double as a cute weekend bag for road trips to your roommate's parents' house.Between all-night study sessions, campus parties, and soccer club practice, you'll have zero time for laundry. Come prepared by packing enough pairs of underwear to last you three weeks — which is about as long as you can delay before having to re-wear your dirty clothes.Rain boots may take up a ton of closet space, but they're totally worth packing. Don't believe me? Try walking across campus during a torrential downpour and then sitting through a 90-minute lecture in soaked sneakers.Dorm room closets are super tiny, so you'll want pieces that can do double duty. Dark-wash jeans are dressier than lighter styles, so you can pair them with flats and a tee for class or heels and a cute top for parties. Still pack your shredded bf jeans, but you'll be thankful you brought a polished option when presentation day comes.Yes, these summer staples are a total necessity — even if you're going to the University of Alaska. Why? Two words: communal showers. Pick a waterproof pair to protect your feet from slimy shower stall floors in all their fungus-y, bacteria-coated glory.Back to those showers! Rather than making the trek in a towel, invest in a fluffy robe. It'll provide a bit more coverage (most floors are co-ed) and leave your hands free to tote your shampoo/conditioner/flip flops.For parties, tinder dates, and trips to the mall, you'll want a mini bag that'll hold your ID, keys, phone. Go for a neutral that'll match everything, with cool details like studs or fringe.  In college, Halloween is a week-long celebration and there are theme parties basically every other weekend ('80s Night! Superheroes! ABC!). Stash a few old costumes in your suitcase and when October comes around, make sure you stock up at the day-after sales.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Yes, there will be sequins. The holiday season is a time to connect with family and friends, give thanks, and make lasting memories – and it's also a time to wear an over-the-top extra holiday outfit. Christmas, Hanukkah, and New Year's Eve are all fantastic excuses to go majorly glitzy with your fit. Here are 17 super festive outfits you should rock this holiday season. Bright crimson florals are the way to look festive for the holidays, without going all-out red and green.What you'll need: Rose Skirt, $38, ASOSSHOP HEREThis flirty combo is almost like wearing your fave fit-and-flare dress, but the mix-and-match vibe is way more fashion-y and eye-catching. What you'll need: Gold Pleated Skirt, $22, Simply Be.SHOP HEREChannel your inner ~Ice Queen~ in a blizzard white mini dress. To make it cold weather approps, go with tough details, like a pleather jacket. What you'll need: Plus-Size White Dress, $48, ASOS CurveSHOP HEREYou can still stand out when everyone's wearing glitter, just layer metallics until you'll sparkle brighter than the tallest Christmas tree.What you'll need: Rose Gold Mini Skirt, $15, Charlotte RusseSHOP HEREBreak out your favorite party dress one last time, then add an army jacket and moto boots to tone it down. What you'll need: Army Jacket, $28, Forever 21SHOP HEREThere's basically only one rule on New Years Eve: cover yourself in glitter and sequins until you resemble a disco ball – then add more. What you'll need: Rainbow Sequin Dress, $65, LPASHOP HEREThe trick to looking festive (not flashy!) when loading on the sparkle? Stick to femme cuts in soft neutral shades — it's vintage-y with an edge!What you'll need: Gold Sequin Skirt, $12, Forever 21SHOP HEREA printed pencil skirt is festive and flirty in bold red. A wordy tee and metallic shoes add the perf mix of casual-cool.What you'll need: Red Leopard Skirt, $60, TopshopSHOP HEREPair a glittery skirt with your fave plaid shirt for a festive look that's not over the top.What you'll need: Flannel Shirt, $54, Urban OutfittersSHOP HERENail that perfect mix of sexy and sporty with this easy formula: peplum top + leather pants + glam chains.What you'll need: Leather Leggings, $50, ExpressSHOP HEREYou can totally rock shorts to a holiday party. Just go for a darker hue and pair them with a sparkly top and major heels. Unless you live someplace warm, rock tights underneath to avoid freezing! What you'll need: Sequin Top, $67, ASOSSHOP HEREFor an ice skating date, a shiny mini and denim jacket is flirty and fun without being over the top. What you'll need: Rose Embroidered Denim Jacket, $29,  SheinSHOP HEREIf your style is more girly than glam, blush is a less expected alternative to red. Pretty lace and sparkly embellishments glam up the girly hue.  What you'll need: Blush Lace Dress, $25, H&MSHOP HERERich brocade is a no-brainer for the holidays, but this quirky pairing keeps it fun and fresh!What you'll need: Brocade Mini Skirt, $26, ASOSSHOP HEREAdd edgy faux leather to sporty basics for that cool-girl look. What you'll need: Faux Leather Overalls, $40, Love CultureSHOP HEREStay warm by layering a shimmery turtleneck under your party dress. What you'll need: Striped Turtleneck, $29, ASOSSHOP HEREShine twice as bright in a metallic skirt and glittery tights. A studded top adds the perf amount of edge to the glam look.What you'll need: Metallic Skater Skirt, $27, Unique VintageSHOP HERE		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			OK, fine, "gold carpet."Here's how the casts of your fave TV shows—from Game of Thrones to Stranger Things to The Handmaid's Tale and more!—hit the 2018 Emmys red carpet.From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			#MadelaineAsAnna2020Bye, Cheryl! Madelaine Petsch has officially swapped her iconic Cheryl Blossom persona in order to channel another beloved character: Princess Anna. Yep, for tonight's Emmy Awards, the Riverdale star stepped onto the red carpet decked in her Frozen best.  She wore a green and gold ballgown that looks just like Anna's "For the First Time in Forever" dress – now all she needs is a gray stripe in her signature ginger curls.Okay, I'm officially starting the campaign for Madelaine to star in a live-action Frozen. #MadelaineAsAnna2020Kelsey is the style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Calling all T-shirt hoarders! Page one of the Lazy Girl Handbook reads thus: "On mornings when you just can't stop hitting the snooze button, throw on some accessories and run out the door in the T-shirt you slept in." And, my friends, it reads like the Bible. Thanks to the '90s revival, it's now socially acceptable to wear a T-shirt for pretty much any occasion – under a formal dress, dressed up for a Bumble date, cropped for girls night – the possibilities are endless. To give you even more ways to basically wear pajamas in public, here are six innovative ways you should wear your fave graphic tee. Layer your favorite vintage tee under a tube top and start snapping pics, because this trend is Instagram gold. A luxe texture like patent leather gives the laid-backs staple a dressier feel. Skip your night-out group chat "are we getting cute?" exchange and go half-and-half. Add a vintage T-shirt to your Going Out look for the perfect mix of casual and chic. Even queen prepster Blair Waldorf (who has never touched a cotton T-shirt in her life) would swoon for this polished fit. Touches of tweed give an edgy Beyoncé tee that Upper East Sider look. Fall 2018 is going to be a jungle – zebra, leopard, cheetah, cow prints are all trending in a major way. The good news: wild prints are perfect for anyone with a graphic tee obsession. The edgy prints go perfectly with rocker staples like cropped T-shirts and tasseled booties. Faux fur isn't the only trend we're stealing from the wilderness, faux snakeskin is slithering through the wardrobes of all the hottest bloggers. Contrasting shades of serpentine texture will add even more edge to your graphic tee collection. One of the hardest parts of shopping vintage is finding a gem that's *actually* in your size. But don't pass on that XXL T-shirt, wear it as a dress instead. Roll up the sleeves, then throw it over a floaty skirt for a totally unexpected pairing.Click play to see these outfits in action! 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I've got 99 problems and my boobs are one.It's easy to wish for big boobs... until you actually have them. Don't get me wrong — a large chest definitely has its perks. You have great cleavage, you're able to fill out cute tops, and you give the best hugs. But it's not all fun and games. And when it is, you need a really heavy duty sports bra (or two) to play. Here are all the major struggles that come with the cup size.1. Strapless bras are your worst enemy.If you want to wear a strapless top or dress, you have to accept the pain of the strapless bra. They're SO not supportive and extremely uncomfortable. And sticky boobs? Out of the question. 2. You automatically look provocative and ~sexual~ without even trying. When small/medium-busted girls wear a regular tank top or t-shirt, they look cute and ready for school. When you wear the same exact top, you can look like you're rocking a sexy outfit for a party. 3. Mix-and-match bathing suits are your BFFs.Praise the creator of mix-and-match suits. Who wears the same size top and bottom? Not you. 4. How are bras sized for your boobs, but button-up shirts aren't? You either have to come to terms with a button gape (you know what it is) or pray that a button doesn't pop off. You have to carry double-sided tape everywhere.5. Running can be a special form of torture.Welcome to Jiggly-Town, USA. You have to wear AT LEAST two bras to keep them in place. 6. Strapless dresses are basically impossible. Unless you want to be pulling your top up all night, or risk a nip-slip. 😳   You love a good fit and flare or A-line dress — with straps, of course.7. Laying face-down on the beach isn't going to happen.But laying on your back is also uncomfy AF. So like, how are you supposed to tan?!8. Everything you eat or drink ends up dripping onto your "shelf."That's where the rest of that cookie went! You basically have a built-in food shelf at all times... which is actually kind of great?9. The amount of sweat that pools in between your boobs when you work out could fill a reservoir.The exercise struggles never end. Plus, there's a reason you dread the heat. 10. Your friends are always telling you how jealous they are of your cup size.LOL. If only you knew... 11. People FREAK OUT if you ever mention getting a boob reduction. They act like you're getting rid of  your boobs altogether! It's not a limb reduction, people. You just want to get through the day without throwing your back out. 12. Finding a place for the seat belt to go is a struggle in itself. Apparently, the "Tiddy Bear" can help you with that. Safety first, am I right?13. The words on graphic tees are always misplaced because of your chest.Elmo looks like he got a facelift. You probably prefer to stick to plain tees. 14. You ALWAYS bump into things with your boobs and it surprises you every time.You would think you're used to it by now, but nope. You're shook every time. 15. Buying bras should have a line on your resume.You've bought so many of them, you're practically a part-time brazier consultant. Also, you spend all of your money on bras! 16. But then there's that *magical* feeling when a bra actually fits.And you look amazing and feel super confident. There's no better feeling than this.17. People stare at them non-stop. They also love to comment on the size. Yes, you're a human with glands. NEXT. 18. You're roughly 30 times more likely to get dress coded than your tiny-tittied best friend.*eye roll to infinity and beyond* It's not like it's on purpose!19. You reflect fondly upon the time in your life when you couldn't wait to get boobs and start wearing a bra.Remember when you begged your mom to buy you your first bra when you didn't even need it? You were so young and naive. 20. You may or may not spend time playing with them. They're jiggly. Sue me.21. Half the time you're obsessed with them. The other half you wish you were a 32 A.  When you wear a v-neck and have amazing cleavage vs. when you see the most glam strapless dress at a store and you can't buy it. Ugh. It's such a love/hate relationship.22. You sometimes have to double up on sports bras. Or sometimes even triple up. One just isn't enough to tame the beasts. 23. But setting them free is the ultimate paradise.TFW you can't wait until you get home to take off your bra. I think any human who has ever worn a bra can agree on this one... 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Tonal dressing for the win!If you're like me (and everyone else), finding something to wear in the AM can be stressful and totally time consuming - especially during transitional seasons. So if you're looking for cute outfit ideas, you need to give tonal dressing a serious try RN. Just like dresses and jumpsuits, monochromatic outfits are like the lazy girl's hack to chic dressing. All you have to do is pick one color and rock it from top to bottom. Or try mixing it up by wearing a hue in different tones like Aimee Song did in slide 13. And if you really want to stand out, pull a Kim Kardashian and go all out in a head to toe print. No wonder style stars like Rihanna, Gigi Hadid, and Ariana Grande all love opting for one-color ensembles. Because whether you're going to a concert or heading to the airport, a monochromatic lewk is effortless and works for all types of events and occasions. Now the only thing you'll need to spend time on is coming up with the perfect caption for your chic AF OOTD.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Single shade, double vibes.Sticking to a one-color uniform makes you look put together—even when you've actually pressed snooze six times. The trick the mastering it? Don’t take it too seriously. Whether you want to match everything with precision or mix it up within the same color family, you’ll be getting compliments from your first class to your last. Read on for 10 comfy-cool looks and all the monochromatic inspo you need to color coordinate like a pro.Hello Kitty x Converse is here, and there's never been a cuter collab. The sweet high-tops (featuring everyone’s favorite Sanrio character) look great with almost anything, but an oversized sweater and bright, distressed denim are both uber-comfortable for a long day of classes. The mini top-handle bag is just the cherry on top.Converse Chuck Taylor Hello Kitty, $70, journeys.com; H&M Sweater, $20, hm.com; BlankNYC Better Off Red Jeans, $108, blanknyc.com; Topshop Metal Handle Shoulder Bag, $45, topshop.com.What’s more simple than a denim shirt dress? Finish it off with a pair of on-trend resin earrings, and voilà!Mango Denim Shirt Dress, $70, mango.com; Baublebar Earrings, $34, baublebar.com; H&M Mule, $13, hm.com.If you’re too intimidated to try head-to-toe yellow, reach for some extra patterns or texture. The striped polo breaks up the color while still staying true to the sunshine vibes, and a pair of Converse is the perfect shoe, since the classic kicks come in a literal rainbow of shades. Seriously: Every. Color.Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Low Top, $50, journeys.com; Bershka Striped Polo, $20, bershka.com; Zara Cuffed Pants, $50, zara.com; Quay Lulu Sunglasses, $29, quayaustralia.com.Consider yourself a minimalist? Get into this all-white look. The modern slingback elevates an oversized striped knit sweater. Top it off with the ever-iconic waist bag to carry around your essentials.American Eagle Sweater, $34, ae.com; H&M Denim Culottes, $30, hm.com; Topshop Slingback Shoes, $115, topshop.com; Oak + Fort Waist Bag, $34, oakandfort.com.This sun-kissed look is guaranteed to make you (and everyone around you) smile. Tone down the bold overalls with a knit top just a few hues lighter, and tie it all together with a sherbet-striped block heel.Bershka Overalls, $60, bershka.com; Miss Selfridge Top, $23, missselfridge.com; Matisse Block Heel, $84, matissefootwear.com; Claire’s Rose Gold Hoops, $9, claires.com.It’s time to try the new millennial pink: lilac. Wear an elevated dress with a trusty pair of kicks to make the look work for every day. The small details are just enough to make a statement.Converse Chuck Taylor All Star High Top, $45, converse.com; Staud Tai Dress, $265, staud.clothing; Halogen Gemstone Statement Earrings, $49, nordstrom.com, Steve Madden Bag, $30, macys.com.If your daily uniform already consists of black and more black, add some hardware, like zips and studs, to spice things up. Throw in a slouchy graphic message tee and you’re good to go.& Other Stories Graphic T-Shirt, $39, stories.com; Mango Decorative Zip Skirt, $50, mango.com; Topshop Leather Boots, $95, topshop.com; Urban Outfitters Studded Baguette Bag, $44, urbanoutfitters.com.Matching colors is one thing, but matching textures is next level. Play around with classic corduroy pieces and fun pom-pom accents for a look your friends will copy ASAP.Topshop Corduroy Skirt & Jacket Set, $155, topshop.com; H&M Ribbed Top, $10, hm.com; Tuleste Pom Pom Studs, $45, bando.com; Ban.Do Clutch, $40, bando.com.For that “almost fall” mood, go for a classic heather green cargo jacket and flowy pair of tie-waist pants, then mix it up by throwing in a little camo print on your tote.Hollister Striped T-Shirt, $19, hollisterco.com; American Eagle Pant, $40, ae.com; H&M Cargo Jacket, $28, hm.com; Madewell Canvas Tote, $58, madewell.com.Internship interview-appropriate, but make it cool. All you need are tortoise shell accents to keep the all-natural color feeling fresh.Hollister Off-Shoulder Top, $20, hollisterco.com; River Island Paperbag Pants, $92, riverisland.com; Sashi Earrings, $38, shopbop.com; J.Crew Headband, $6, jcrew.com; Sam Edelman Ballet Flats, $100, samedelman.com.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Eat your heart out, Jughead. After every Riverdale episode, most fans feel two things: jealousy over Betty Cooper's fine af boyfriend (I'm lookin' right at you, Jughead) and jealousy over Betty Cooper's fine af wardrobe. And since Cole Sprouse is, tragically, already spoken for, you can start focusing all your energy on duping her iconic outfits. To get a head start, I've rounded up some pastel dresses that are so 'Betty,' you'll want to pull your hair into a ponytail immediately. Check out these super cute Betty-inspired dresses perfect for homecoming 2018. Clockwise: 3D Floral Dress, $87, ASOS; Pearl Cubic Zirconia Necklace, $40, David's Bridal; Chuck 70 Summer League High Top, $50, Converse; Silver Embellished Clutch, $40, David's BridalClockwise: Collar Bib (Similar), $16, ASOS; Scalloped Skater Dress, $209, Ted Baker; Hot Pink Envelope Clutch, $22, Target; Floral Pointed-Toe Heel, $69, Betsey JohnsonClockwise: Star Lace Ruffle Dress, $495, Ted Baker; Embellished Blush Envelope Clutch, $50, Aldo; Pearl Kitten Heel, $119, Betsey JohnsonClockwise: Two-Piece Silver Homecoming Dress, $129, David's Bridal; Silver Cap Toe Pump, $100, Aldo; Gunmetal Silver Clutch, $20, TargetClockwise: Two-Piece Pink Homecoming Dress, $378, New York Dress; Metallic Gold All Star Chuck Taylor High Top, $65, Converse; Gold Embellished Clutch, $50, David's Bridal Clockwise: White Off-the-Shoulder Homecoming Dress, $430, New York Dresses; White Mini Cat Eye Sunglasses, $4, YesStyle; Silver Embellished Clutch, $40, David's Bridal; Silver Embellished Kitten Heel, $109, Betsey Johnson Clockwise: Pearl Bodice Homecoming Dress, $29, PromGirl; Rose Gold Envelope Clutch, $25, Icing; Light Pink All Star Sneaker, $45, ConverseWatch these dresses in action!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			They're literally twins. New extensions, new Selena! Pop queen Selena Gomez stepped out in an all-sparkles two-piece set that's super different from the T-shirt and jeans combo she's been rocking lately. Elle.com reports that she singer wore the shimmery 'fit out dancing with friends and – bonus! – there's video footage to document the adorable disco moment.Selena out dancing tonight 🔥 https://t.co/rRN20EwiHfSelena wasn't the first to rock this look, though. Kylie Jenner actually wore a very similar $8k custom jumpsuit to her Barbie pink blow-out 21st birthday party.  🥂A post shared by  Kylie ✨ (@kyliejenner) on Aug 11, 2018 at 10:32am PDT twenty oneA post shared by  Kylie ♥️ (@kyliejenner) on Aug 9, 2018 at 11:05pm PDT perfect night 🎉💗A post shared by  Kylie ✨ (@kyliejenner) on Aug 11, 2018 at 10:45am PDTGod, I love it when these two twin. Kelsey is the style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			...and a fashion line!Danielle Bernstein, founder of WeWoreWhat, talks to Seventeen about how she built her style blog into a business. Find out more about Danielle's path, as well as all of her Instagram secrets, in the interview below: What was the inspiration for starting your blog?Almost nine years ago I started WeWoreWhat as a street style blog to provide a daily source of outfit inspiration for what should be the easiest part of your day — getting dressed. After six months, I turned the camera around to myself and WeWoreWhat developed into a personal style diary.What’s the best part about blogging? The hardest? The opportunities I've been given, from traveling around the world to meeting inspiring people — I feel extremely fortunate. Having to always be "on" would definitely be the hardest part of my job, it's important to recognize when to turn "off". what a magical day.. feeling truly grateful that I get to call this work ☺️A post shared by  Danielle Bernstein (@weworewhat) on Jun 30, 2018 at 9:05am PDTWhat advice would you give to someone else who wants to run their own business?Take risks — it's fun stepping out of your comfort zone every once in a while! Don't lose sight of what your ultimate goal is and be a fearless networker.What’s a common misconception a lot of people have about bloggers?The biggest misconception people have about blogging is that it's easy! It takes a lot of motivation, drive and hard work to create a successful blog that can become a full-time career. What is the key to an amazing Instagram pic? Lighting and finding the best angles!  I have no captions this wknd, just emojis - 🌬A post shared by  Danielle Bernstein (@weworewhat) on Aug 17, 2018 at 2:13pm PDTWhat do you do when you’re feeling overwhelmed by social media or you need a break?I do believe in taking a break and "turning off' every now and then. I've recently added meditation to my morning routine. Spending quality time with my friends and family is also very important to me. What advice would you give your 17-year-old self?The drama you are currently experiencing is so insignificant and this too shall pass. Why did you decide to start an overalls line? I started my blog, WeWoreWhat with the tagline: 'overalls are my second skin'.  Overalls were a staple in my wardrobe that I loved to wear because of their simplicity, comfort, and versatility — I wore them casually and at night.  I collected vintage pairs and bought new styles from both high street and luxury brands, but never found a pair that was perfect in fit and price.  I was eager to create the perfect overall and jumpsuit that my audience would feel great in.  SSO by DB has since designed over 15 styles with a range of colors and fabrics.  Nearly every style has sold out within 24 hours.  SSO by DB continues to grow and we have many new styles on the horizon. Why are overalls such a versatile piece every girl needs in her closet?Overalls can truly be worn from day to night. A simple change in your shirt or accessories can transition your look for any occasion. They're also just so easy and comfortable to wear (which makes them great for traveling)!What are your favorite pieces from the new collection? How would you wear them?Asking for a favorite piece is like asking a mom her favorite child! I really love the new linen collection in shorts and overalls. Since launch, I've always known I wanted to design a linen pair for summer. It was so exciting for the vision to actually come to life and see the overwhelmingly positive responses from my followers! Check out the Danielle's fave overalls: 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Your first day outfit is officially picked out. Selena Gomez is constantly a fashion icon. So, it's amazing when she rocks pieces that are super cheap and easy to find. On Saturday, Selena's assistant, Theresa Marie Mingus, posted a pic with the celeb where she was wearing a super cute cheetah print turtleneck. And lucky for us because the top is only $24 from Urban Outfitters!Unfortunately, the rest of her look isn't as affordable. Those adorable stilletos are Jimmy Choo and the turquoise bag is Louis Vuitton, but we appreciate Sel's ability to mix high end and affordable pieces to come up with a super cute look. Not only is the shirt a lot of fun, but it's perfect for your back-to-school wardrobe! Thanks for always inspiring us, Sel!Shop the shirt (and the rest of Selena's look) below:  		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Including all the cutest new trends. I'm just going to come out and say it: the first snowfall of the year is overrated. You want to experience the true magic of Mother Nature? Close your eyes and inhale the scent of freshly fallen leaves as the wind tousles your hair on the first day of sweater weather.And to celebrate the arrival of that long-awaited day, here are some fall af outfits perfect for PSL sipping, walks through apple orchards, and pumpkin picking – you know, typical autumn stuff. Clockwise: Plaid Check Blazer, $87, ASOS; Leona Platform Boots, $170, Dr. Martens; Polka Dot Dress, $68, Haute Rogue; Studded Belt Bag, $58, Guess?; White Mini Sunglasses, $4, YesStyle Clockwise: Puff Sleeve Crop Top, $190, Suboo; Camo Cargo Pants, $51, ASOS; Studded Crossbody Wallet, $25, TOBI; Metal Rectangle Sunglasses (Similar), $18, Urban Outfitters; Chuck Taylor All Star High Top, $55, Converse Clockwise: Ruffled Plaid Top, $15, T.J. Maxx; Chuck Taylor All Star Low Top, $50, Converse;  Layered Necklaces (Similar), $42, Bauble Bar; Zip Ring Denim Skirt, $20, JCPenney; White Trunk Bag, $44, TobiClockwise: Crop Top Jacket, $80, Kappa; Faux Leather Twist Skirt, $79, Guess?; 1460 White Boots, $140, Shoes.com; Leopard Fanny Pack, $10, Nasty Gal Clockwise: Leather Tie Jacket, $72, ASOS; Frayed Denim Shirt, $99, Parker Smith; Silver Turquoise Statement Necklace, $7, Tobi; High Rise Frayed Hem Jeans (Similar), $146, DL1961; V-Cut Ankle Booties (Similar), $25, Target; Mini Camo Backpack, $50, HerschelClockwise: Red Leopard Print Dress (Similar), $71, Quiz; Baker Boy Cap, $22, Urban Outfitters; Open Heel Buckle Boot, $35, Nasty Gal; Snakeskin Belt Bag, $15, Nasty Gal; Cat Eye Mini Sunglasses, $4, YesStyle Watch these outfits in action!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The Fug Girls break down who rocked the red carpet and who missed the mark.Winnie nabbed a gig as a fashion correspondent for MTV, but we're confused as to why that requires a costume change while she's on the very red carpet she's supposed to be covering. It would be one thing if she couldn't decide between two slammin' ensembles, but she simply goes from one boring sheer dress to another, even sheerer one. No, we're not talking about accepting Pete Davidson's proposal, although she certainly seems warm for his bleach-blond form. Rather, we're referring to Ariana scuttling her signature high ponytail for this party in favor of a shiny, sleek, and altogether more adult 'do. If Pete Davidson's BDE is responsible for Ariana shaking it up, well, long may your magical coupling reign.This feels like one of those OMG Look At What They’re Trying to Sell Us Now! memes that pops up occasionally on Facebook. World, do not let hip-less pants become a thing. PLEASE, O Gods of Nordstrom, say no to cheek cutouts. Tiffany’s head looks great, but we were happier to see that she changed out of this sheath basically immediately after presenting the first award.Honestly, if you had run odds on what Amber would wear to ANY given event, this wouldn't even have been considered a long shot. What does she do on actual Halloween? Wear clothes from The Gap?  If you told us that 75 percent of this also came in a plastic bag on a hanger at Halloween Depot, we’d be tempted to believe you, had Steven Tyler and Joe Perry not been so wildly consistent over the years. On a night that is, essentially, a sheer and strange circus, Sofia turns up in a gown that makes her look like the undisputed Queen of the Big Top. In a good way.  So many people went with the apparently never-dying transparency trend that it's impossible to pick one that we like the least. But while many of the other sheer efforts had consistent and identifiable patterns, this one just looks like stormy weather rolling in from the coast.  Batten down the hatches.  This is all-around delightful. The rich raspberry velvet, the gazillions of dollars worth of emeralds, the kicky pixie cut...Cardi looks both lively and elegant, a combination last seen at the VMAs...uh, never.  Blake wore FIVE OTHER SUITS this past week alone, and these are the very definition of a big finish. If she starts to run, she may well actually take flight.  We feel weird: Kylie Jenner looks....chic, and adult, and coolly competent. We’re both thrilled to be alive to witness this historic moment, and also feel unmoored by how extremely surreal it is. Here’s hoping this turns into enough of a trend that we get used to it.  This might almost be too restrained for the VMAs, but the tie-dye effect and the high-low hem save her from seeming too straitlaced: It’s fanciful and fun.J.Lo got the Video Vanguard honor, which is the VMA equivalent of a lifetime achievement award—even though it frequently goes to people who are only partway through theirs. One might think she'd answer that call by going Maximum J.Lo, in something artfully designed to free the abs that she has sharpened to such precision that you could use them to slice cheese. But instead, J.Lo picks a slinky, sleek silver gown that flaunts her incredible assets just as well and just as confidently, if not more so. Shine on, you flawless diamond.Visit the Fug Girls on their website, or follow them on Twitter. Their book, The Royal We, is available here.From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Bless the booty. Red carpet is only good for two things: 1. getting dressed up. 2. getting naked. And at the 2018 MTV Video Music Awards, your favorite celebs really went for the latter. Her are all the sexiest, boobiest, most naked naked dresses from the 2018 VMAs red carpet. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			This outfit looks a little familiar...Yes, Kylie Jenner is at the MTV Video Music Awards – she's just going super low-key. The new mom hit the red carpet with two seconds to spare, rocking a super chic blazer as a dress. If this look is giving you flashbacks, it's because Kylie basically repeated her 21st birthday outfit. t-minus two hoursA post shared by  Kylie ♥️ (@kyliejenner) on Aug 9, 2018 at 9:50pm PDTJust like her bday 'fit, Kylie went for shoulder pads, a low-V, a waist synch, and a chic blonde pony. The only thing missing is the Barbie pink hue.Honestly, she slayed it just as hard the second time. Kelsey is the style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I weirdly love this.Remember this moment – August 20, 2018 at 8:29 pm – the exact time in history that tie-dyed prom dresses became cool. Camila Cabello walked the 2018 MTV Video Music Awards red carpet in a cobalt blue high-low, dip-dyed ballgown. It sounds bonkers, but baby girl totally rocked it. The "Havana" singer paired the bold look with an even bolder crimson lip, looking straight-up like the 4th of July. God bless America. Kelsey is the style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			All hail King Kylie.Kylie Jenner's style changes more than her hair color, but she always looks fierce. Here are some of her best-ever looks that rightfully earned her the name King Kylie.  My smoke alarm is going off due to the insane amounts of FIRE in this pic. Mama Kylie showed off her famous curves in a smokin' hot Alexander Wang mini dress while out in NYC last weekend. Kylie celebrated her 21st birthday with not one, but two stunning pink outfits. The first was an '80s inspired, silk, hot pink, cut-out dress with shoulder pads. The second was this glittery pink one-piece. And there's likely a second very important garment involved in this skin-tight look: Spanx! Kylie has been very open about her love of Spanx. In 2015, she Snapchatted a pic of herself in a pair and wrote: "These new Spanx are bomb. From Target 🙌."You can buy a pair for $15.99.BUT THEM HEREAlong with unveiling to the world that Kylie did in fact cover up the tattoo she got for Tyga, this photo also reveals your new need for plum-colored leather skinnies. Kylie's having a major Kim Kardashian moment in Spandex capris, a windbreaker, and strappy stilettos. Taking the tracksuit to dangerous new heights, Kylie paired her please-spill-on-me joggers and matching jacket with a retro cherry Louis Vuitton bag. She also matched her bandeau with her drink, but it's unclear whether that was intentional. The only thing more mind-blowing than the fact that this dress is only $39 (not joking) is how *fire* Kylie looks in it. Buy it here. Kylie's legs sure know how to make an entrance! I was so focused on these crazy boots I almost missed her disco ball sleeves. Go girl!Suddenly I'm in the market for a striped mini dress....Did this jumpsuit come out of Kris Jenner's closet? Either way, I'm feeling these throwback fitness vibes. While visiting her Kylie Cosmetics pop-up in NYC, Kylie rocked a denim jacket with a denim belt and – you guessed it! – denim pants to match. She finished the look with clear boots (ew). This laid back look is everything you'd want in a wintertime 'fit – AKA: a jacket that's basically a sleeping bag. Between the plastic boots and her patent leather skirt, Kylie's outfit is basically waterproof. The Juicy Couture velour tracksuit got it's second wind basically because of this picture. This classic fall look is basically your Pinterest style board combined into one outfit. For Fashion Week, Kylie went over-the-top girly in a powder blue tweed dress and a super-high pony. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The one-piece works for date night, parties, and...Halloween.Kylie Jenner recently gave a tour of her purse closet that contained more designer bags than I could count. From this three-minute video alone, her lifestyle certainly seemed unattainable. But, as lavish as Jenner portrays her life to be, she can also do a 180 to show off her more affordable style. In an Instagram post on Thursday, the 21-year-old snapped herself in an off-the-shoulder black jumpsuit, which complemented her fresh blonde bob haircut. The one piece came from Fashion Nova, a brand Jenner's worn multiple times on the 'gram, and costs only $25. Though I know Jenner likely gets paid to post about certain brands (an Instagram post from her is reportedly worth $1 million), this jumpsuit would be something she'd wear IRL. She follows in sister Kim's footsteps in terms of wearing super tight body-con clothing.To top off her look, Jenner wore a pair of gold initial earrings–a "K" for Kylie—and a pair of the now-sold-out Adidas "Falcon" sneakers. I have to admit, whether Jenner really loved the bodysuit or wore it as an #ad for the brand, the piece looked really good on her. So much so, I thought about buying it. The one piece would make a sexy, cat woman suit for Halloween, don't you think?Black Jumpsuit, $25, Fashion Nova SHOP HEREFrom: Marie Claire US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Slay the one week you'll actually wear real clothes. Let's be real, after the first week of class you're going to wear nothing but yoga pants and sweatshirts, so you might as well look cute af while you still can. These six campus-ready outfit ideas are laid-back enough for class, but will still leave an impression that will last alllll semester. Clockwise: Rolling Stones Flag T-shirt, $25, American Eagle; Retro 70s Laptop Sleeve, $37, Society6; Camo Skirt, $59, Urban Outfitters; Feminist Bomber Jacket, $85, Bulletin; Chuck Taylor All Star High Top, $55, ConverseClockwise: Embroidered Denim Jacket, $58, Haute Rogue; Overdressed Overeducated Tee, The Style Club; Striped Mom Jeans, $60, PacSun; Navy Blue Backpack, $39, Neiman Marcus Last Call; Cream Striped Sandals, $40, Zappos; Geometric Gold Earrings, $95, ban.doClockwise: Hot Damn Crop Sweatshirt, $55, Bulletin; Quilted Studded Mini Backpack, $49, OMG Accessories; Leopard Ruffle Wrap Skirt, $54, Urban Outfitters; Chuck Taylor All Star High Top, $55, Converse; Cheeseburger Phone Case, $13, Icing; Faceted Black Headphones, $47, AmazonClockwise: Red Bandana, $12, Urban Outfitters; Ruffled Denim Jacket, $70, American Eagle; Tortoise Shell Hoops, $13, Lulu's; Red Floral Ruffled Neck Dress, $40, American Eagle; Bootie Mule, $100, Chinese Laundry; Denim Backpack, $58, ban.doClockwise: Cropped Camo Jacket, $75, Topshop; Eyelet Blouse, $65, Revolve; Capulet Collar, $48, BaubleBar; Hip-Hop But Not Earrings, $150, Roxanne Assoulin; Cropped Flare Jeans, $98, Madewell; Customizable Life Planner, $55, Erin Condren; Striped Notebook, $15, Society6; Chuck Taylor All Star Low Top, $50,ConverseClockwise: Pink Checked Blazer, $100, Urban Outfitters; Race Car Graphic T-shirt, $15, Cotton On; Two-Tone Jeans, Kate Spade; Charlotte Simone Faux Fur Phone Case, $43, Revolve; Floral Day Planner, $38, ban.do; Denim Slides, $30, American Eagle 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Have a rom-com worthy night. Looking for a topical Halloween costume this year? Well, look no further than your fave movie from 2018, The Kissing Booth. Go as Elle on the first day of school or grab a buddy and dress up like Elle and Lee at their costume party! Here are the 8 best The Kissing Booth Halloween costume ideas and everything you need to pull them off!This scene sets the whole movie in motion. It's also probably one of the most iconic looks from the movie, which makes it perfect for a Halloween costume. You basically just need three pieces: the shirt, tie, and tiny skirt. Anyone who's seen the movie will instantly recognize the outfit. Elle is a soccer star (a point that needed more screen time in the movie if you ask me). Dress up as Elle killing it on the field for Halloween (and you'll be super comfy all night)!Not afraid of getting a little dirty? Get a friend to splatter you with paint and dress like Elle from this hilarious scene. Whether you're a guy or girl, this costume is hilarious and it guarantees a bunch of laughs.Pay tribute to THE most iconic scene in the movie by dressing up as Elle when she gets pushed into the kissing booth. Don't forget the eye mask!Get bae involved in the costume by dressing them up as Noah. Add on a motorcycle helmet so they really give off those bad boy vibes. Break out a pink dress and a red pendant and be Elle at prom!Grab a buddy and dress up like Elle and Lee at their costume birthday party! It's super meta to dress up like characters in costumes. While I'm not exactly sure what their costumes are, I think it's like Batman and Catwoman, or just like, two vigilantes, but all you really need is a lot of black!For Lee: For Elle: 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			That was lightning-fast, actually.As you know, Kylie Jenner celebrated her 21st birthday—which was on Aug. 10—on Thursday, Aug. 9 with two very sexy, very pink looks.Literally THE NEXT DAY, e-retailer Fashion Nova earned its fast-fashion reputation by creating nearly identical pieces based on Kylie's two outfits and Kim Kardashian's custom Yeezy mini dress. I mean, can you handle this (scroll through)?They are so, so, so similar. The model even looks a little like a Kardashian sister.The collection is called "Birthday Behavior" and there's not a scheduled release date for it yet, but the brand's Instagram teased that it would be "Coming Soon."A piece inspired by Kylie's pink satin Peter Dundas dress, is called the "Twenty Fun Satin Dress" on Fashion Nova. And a number that looks astonishingly similar to Kylie's sparkly compression suit by La Bourjoisie, is dubbed "Birthday Bash Sequin Romper." A cutout look called "Cut To The Chase Mini Dress" is very close to Kim's hot pink getup.As of now, searching for those names on the site just turns up other dresses that are most likely filed under similar categories, but not these specific ones.The devil works hard but fashion nova works harder 😂 pic.twitter.com/pB65MCnruOFans' minds were totally blown by how fast it all went down, with one even saying, "The devil works hard, but fashion nova works harder." True, TBH.From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Dress up as the girl of fire this Halloween. Katniss Everdeen will always be a badass heroine, not matter how old The Hunger Games movies are. Throughout the four movies, Katniss rocks some awesome looks, whether she's trying to survive the Games, or she's parading in front of the Capitol. That's why her iconic looks are perfect for Halloween. If you don't want to buy a packaged costume (boring!), wear what you already have in your closet and purchase a few key pieces to look as kickass as Katniss.Hunter Katniss You probably already have half of this look. Grab an affordable brown leather jacket and faux bow-and-arrow set and you'll be Katniss while she's hunting with Gale before the first Games. Left to right: Barney's Originals Leather Biker Jacket (Similar), $151, asos.com; Cotton-Blend V-Neck Tee (Similar), $4, forever21.com; Pants Skinny Fit (Similar), $20, hm.com; Disguise Brave Bow and Arrow (Similar), $12, amazon.comOne of the saddest parts in Mockingjay Part 1 is when Katniss walks through the rubble that's left of the districts. She's mourning in her dark outfit, but she's still ready for a fight in a vest and boots. Dress in all-black from your closet, and then grab a paintball safety vest and that faux bow-and-arrow set to channel her badass Mockingjay look. Left to right: Windproof Running Jacket (Similar), $25, hm.com; Active High-Waist Capri Leggings (Similar), $13, forever21.com; Michael Kors Bromley Leather Knee-High Stretch Boots (Similar), $70, lordandtaylor.com; May&Maya Women Half Palm Premium Leather Driving Gloves, $9.99, amazon.com; Tippmann Chest Protector, $19.95, amazon.com; Disguise Brave Bow and Arrow (Similar), $12, amazon.comKatniss on FireDuring the introductions at the Capitol before the first Games, Katniss wowed the crowd in a dress that lights on fire. You can totally have fun with her look by rocking an LBD and black heels, and wrapping orange and red LED lights around the hem of your dress. Turn them on, and you'll be the girl on "fire."Left to right: Fit & Flare Cami Mini Dress (Similar), $28, forever21.com; Northlight Set of 100 Red Mini Christmas Lights (Similar), $9, amazon.com; Anne Michelle Enzo Single Strap Heels, $26, lulus.comMockingjay KatnissDuring pre-arena interviews in Catching Fire, Katniss once again stuns the crowd at the Capitol in a blue gown with blue wings, looking like an actual mockingjay. You can get her look by wearing your (or a friend's) prom or formal gown and heels. Then, buy blue feathered wings or spray paint basic angel wings dark blue, and you're the Mockingjay.Left to right: Crochet Trim Woven Viscose Maxi Dress (Similar), $25, boohoo.com; Kids Bird Dress Up Wings (Similar), $17, amazon.com; Krylon True Blue Paint Spray, $4.55, sears.com; Touch Ups by Benjamin Walk Reagan Sandal (Similar), $50, dsw.comClassic Katniss To survive the Games, Katniss stuck to neutral basics that would help her hide in the woods and survive all the crazy conditions. And of course, she was never without her mockingjay pin! This look is super easy to recreate with khakis, a neutral tee, lace-up boots, and a toy bow-and-arrow set. Left to right: Round Neck Tee (Similar), $8, forever21.com; Flash Forward Windbreaker, $40, columbia.com; Lyocell Cagro Joggers (Similar), $35, hm.com; Basic 16" Front Pocket Backpack, $4, walmart.com; Steve Madden Troopa Combat Boots (Similar), $80, macys.com; NECA The Hunger Games Movie Mockingjay Prop Rep Pin, $7, amazon.com; Disguise Brave Bow and Arrow (Similar), $12, amazon.com		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			SO many sparkles!!The Teen Choice Awards 2018 are here, which means the stars are out in their most colorful looks to see who YOU chose to bring home the night's big prizes. Almost more important than the awards, though, is: What is everyone wearing?! Here are the best looks from the red carpet. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			BRB finding my wallet. Gigi always looks like a million bucks, but that's probably because her looks cost about that much...That's why it's SO amazing when the model rocks an affordable look. While Gigi was enjoying a day off on Wednesday, she shared some adorable vids of her lounging on the couch watching TV. The model looks gorgeous makeup-free rocking layered gold necklaces around her neck (including one that claims her love to BF Zayn). Most notable in the video, however, is her super cute orange bikini. Fond of the swimsuit top? You won't go bankrupt copying Gigi's look. The top is available for only $67! If you want the bottoms to match you'll have to shell out an extra $67, but hey, that's nothing for a Gigi Hadid approved outfit. You can buy the swimsuit here: 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Boobiful advice ahead!Finding a bra that fits does not have to be stressful! Whether you're an A or an F, here's how to find the perfect bra for you.1. You should have more than one everyday bra. Aside from the fact that not all bras go with all shirts, it's important to rotate your fave bra with at least a few others to make it last longer. Wearing the same bra for more than three days in a row can stretch it out. To find out what kind of bras you should get, watch this video...2. Your bra size WILL change. Even just a five pound weight loss or gain can affect your bra size, and your cup size can change as you grow. Don't assume the size you were freshman year is the same size you'll be heading into college. 3. Wear your bra on the loosest clasp. As it stretches out over time, you can tighten it so it continues to fit correctly. 4. When you lift your arms, your bra shouldn't move Try it. Put your arms over your head. Does your bra ride up? If it does, your cup may be too small and your band may be too big. 5. The center of your bra (called "the gore") should be totally flat against your sternum. Poke the center of your bra towards your chest. Does it sit easily against your sternum, or does your entire bra move? If it's the latter, you probably need to go up a cup size. 6.  If your cups are wrinkling, the size is too big. You should fill out the cups enough to eliminate any wrinkles or gaping.7.  If your bra leaves dents on your shoulders, you need a smaller band size. Don't assume your chest is too heavy and you have to live with those annoying shoulder dents! It's actually your band's fault. Straps are only supposed to carry 10 percent of the weight of your chest. Dents mean your straps are working too hard, and a smaller band size will give more support. 8.  When your straps slip down, your band is too large. It's the same idea as your straps working too hard—if your straps are slipping, they aren't supporting. Try going down a band size. 9.  If there is any spillover at the top or sides of your bra, you need to go up a cup size. QBS, or Quadruple Boob Syndrome, happens to the best of us! When your bra is too small, it cuts your breast in half, creating what looks like four boobs. Eek. Let them breathe and go up a cup size. 10. If your band rides up in the back, go down a band size. Stand to the side and look in the mirror. If your band is riding up at all in the back, it's probably too big and you should size down. 11. Go up a cup size if your underwire pokes you or rides up. Underwire should NOT be uncomfortable! If it's poking you, go up a cup size, and it'll feel a lot better.12. If in-person bra fittings make you cringe, try a website or an app. Third Love helps you find the perfect bra from the comfort of your own room. Just click on the "My Fit" tab on their site and start inputting information to figure out how you can get the comfiest bra ever.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's from Target. Sometimes, celebrities' fashion can be so fabulous, yet so unattainable. That's why it's such a treat when one of our favorite stars steps out in an affordable look. Selena Gomez did just that on Wednesday, when she was pictured in a friend's Instagram story wearing a $15 top. In some super artsy shots with model, Connar Franklin, the two seemed to be exploring the great outdoors. They played with flowers, washed their face with river water, and stood there, enjoying nature. It seemed to be an ode to Selena's friend, photographer Petra Collins. But, the exciting part comes in the last shot, which shows Selena wearing a baggy t-shirt with a silhouette of the state of California on it. Cut out of the silhouette is the shape of a bear. The shirt is from Target, but unfortunately, it's sold out. Here are some similar options from the retailer: 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			As seen on Kendall, Kylie, Gigi and more!Celebs always know how to rock the latest trends. Next time you try to pull off a fanny-pack or dad sneakers, take a look at your favorite stars for some style inspiration. You'll look like a celebrity, but you won't have to spend like one. As seen on: Kylie JennerThe affordable alternative: Ferris Popover Windbreaker Jacket, $69, Urban Outfitters Buy NowWindbreakers are the new bombers. They're perfect for a cold, gross day, or when you want to look super cool while barely putting in any effort. If you're really feeling this trend, be like Kylie and go with some matching pants as well. As seen on: Kendall JennerThe affordable alternative: Solid Black Cycling Shorts, $5, Boohoo Buy NowBiker shorts are a must-have for off-duty models and you've probably seen all your faves rocking them. They're perfect for hanging out with your friends on the weekend. Wear them with some big white sneakers and ankle socks to look street-style ready. As seen on: Bella HadidThe affordable alternative: Pilcro Flared Denim Jumpsuit, $168, Anthropologie  Buy NowLook super sleek in an all white outfit. Pair this jumpsuit with white sneakers to complete the monochromatic look.  And don't worry about wearing white after Labor Day, rules were meant to be broken!As seen on: Selena GomezThe affordable alternative: Star into the Night Faux Leather Moto Jacket, $76, Nasty Gal Buy NowThe eighties are making a comeback, which means you'll be seeing a lot of big shoulders and leather. Get ahead of the trend with a super cool leather jacket. Pair it with a leather skirt to really complete the look. As seen on: Hailey Baldwin The affordable alternative: Plaid Crop Top and Pant Set, $48, Forever 21 Buy NowStep up your pants game with this cool patterned option. Keep it simple on top so as not to overpower the pants or pair it with a matching tartan top. Either way, you will stand out in the crowd!As seen on: Gigi HadidThe affordable alternative: Bloom on Ivory Floral Print Maxi Dress, $80, Lulus Buy NowWhile it might start getting cold soon, that doesn't mean florals are going anywhere. Keep summer alive with floral patterns. Pair this dress with a knit sweater to make it fall-appropriate. As seen on: ZendayaThe affordable alternative: Check Double-Breasted Coat, $40, Zara Buy NowOversized coats are going to be everywhere this fall and winter and since tartan is in too, mix the two trends together for a super cool look. Put this coat over any outfit to make it instantly trendy. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Why leave your house when you can get vintage finds from the comfort of your couch? There's no better feeling than getting a great thrift store find, but sometimes sifting through racks and racks of clothes can be exhausting. Luckily, thrift stores are online now, so with a simple click of a button you can get yourself some cool vintage looks from the comfort of your home. That's right, ASOS has a vintage website too! Based out of London, they're constantly updating the site with new great pieces and the prices usually stay under $100. Highlights: Vintage Silk Bomber Jacket, $27 Buy NowVintage Lee High Waisted Jeans Black, $37 Buy NowNike Womens Vintage Dress Medium White 90s, $27 Buy NowThe Vintage Twin was started by two twins sisters (get it) and there are actually a few locations in Manhattan. If you don't live in the city, however, check out their site. They have a lot of super cute pieces and 10% of the proceeds go to charity!Highlight: Cropped Denim Jacket, $108 Buy NowPink & Green Plaid Midi Skirt, $61 Buy NowSheer Floral Dress, $53 Buy NowIf you're looking for unique vintage finds, thredUP isn't your best bet. But if you want your favorite brands at a crazy reduced price, it's the perfect site for you. They have all the regulars, in great condition, for a fraction of the retail price. Highlights: Alya Casual Skirt, $12 Buy NowCole Haan Boots, $82 Buy NowFree People Long Sleeve Blouse, $25 Buy NowLike thredUP, Tradesy is better for getting great deals on modern clothing. They have a lot of high-end brands at super low prices, so definitely hit up this site if you've had your eyes on a specific designer piece for a while!Highlights: Rag & Bone Surf Wash Light 'justine' Wide Flare Leg Jeans, $80 Buy NowTopshop Silver Jaggya Metallic Pumps, $60 Buy NowSam Edelman Karla Snake Embossed Micro Venetian Jacquard Leather Satchel, $95 Buy NowWhile Maeven doesn't have a huge inventory, everything they offer is super cute because the clothes are hand-picked to represent trends. The clothes have a higher price tag than some other thrift shops, but they are one-of-a-kind pieces you won't find anywhere else. Highlights: Vintage Red 60s Skort, $88 Buy NowVintage Cream Shearling Coat, $248 Buy NowVintage Wrangler Denim Jeans, $148 Buy NowRefashioner is super cool. Not only are the pieces really vintage, but they provide the story behind each piece so you know where your clothes are coming from. They have vintage Miu Miu, Fendi and more, so the prices are a little higher, but still a huge steal for these brands!Highlights: Shift Dress Crazy 1960s Birds, $135 Buy NowYeohlee Sheer Pinstripe Blouse 1990s, $75 Buy NowAccordion Pleated 1950s Skirt, $95 Buy NowIf you have a specific designer piece that you've had your eye on for forever, then LePrix is the perfect website for you. Their inventory is HUGE so it's not a great site to scroll through, but they have some great designer products with super low price tags. Highlights: Adriano Goldschmied Ex Boyfriend Slim Slouchy Restored Roll Up White Jeans, $53 Buy NowVictor Costa White Leather Studded Slingback Wooden Wedge Sandals, $55 Buy NowAlice & Olivia Black White Snakeskin Print Leather Flap Chain Cross Body Bag, $70 Buy NowDepop is a cool mix of vintage clothes, independent designers and users trying to sell their clothes. Everything on the site is very trendy, so if you're looking for a vintage Nirvana fanny pack or a pair of culottes, Depop is for you. Highlights: What Part of No Don't You Understand T-Shirt, $40, Buy NowVintage Chocolate Brown Corduroy Coverall Jumpsuit, $120 Buy NowLightwash London Jeans with White Flames, $55 Buy Now		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Sequins required. You are cordially invited to be your most over-the-top, extra self, because girl it's ya birthday! As required by law, these bday outfit ideas are covered in sequins, beading, metallics, and animal print – you know, the mandated birthday uniform. Shop these cute-as-hell party essentials that will make you feel like a freaking bombshell. Nothing screams *fierce* like sheer animal print, which makes this flirty leopard lank perfect for your bday. Finish off the birthday vibes with metallic accessories and a craft store-worth of sequins. Leopard Tank Top, $59, BloomingdalesSHOP HEREHot Pink Crossbody Bag, $20, Target SHOP HERERainbow Sequin Mini Skirt, $53, ExpressSHOP HEREBauble Hoop Earrings, $6, Forever 21SHOP HERESilver Heels, $63, Shoes.comSHOP HEREEven if you're dressing down for your birthday, you still want everyone to know that you're a freaking princess – at least for today. Knot a sassy graphic tee over a chill T-shirt dress and finish with some sparkly touches. Princess T-Shirt, $11, Forever 21SHOP HEREFloral Print Heels, $28, Forever 21SHOP HEREPlus Size Wrap Striped Dress, $25, PrettyLittleThingSHOP HEREPink Glitter Crossbody Bag, $25, Icing SHOP HEREFaux Pearl Statement Necklace, $6, Forever 21SHOP HERELight Pink Cat Eye Sunglasses, $98, IntermixSHOP HEREGoing over-the-top extra on your birthday is a requirement and a neon sequin dress will definitely put all eyes on you. All that sparkle can get a little tacky, so go for sleek, fashion-y details to keep it classy. Clear Crossbody Bag With Blue Trim, $20, Fashion NovaSHOP HEREWhite Plastic Oval Sunglasses, $18, Urban Outfitters SHOP HEREPrinted Tank, $34, Net-A-Porter SHOP HEREBlue Sequin Dress, $43, Dolls KillSHOP HERELavender Gem Tassel Earrings, $6, Forever 21SHOP HEREWhite Sling-Back Mules, $40, River IslandSHOP HEREFlirty lace, glimmery beadwork, and metallic sheen will make your entire look *pop* without doing too much. Silver add-ons look unexpectedly cool with an all-black 'fit. Geometric Sequin Mini Skirt, $42, ExpressSHOP HERESilver Platform Sandals, $89, ZapposSHOP HEREBlack Lace Choker Crop Top, $28, Love Culture SHOP HERELeo Envelope Clutch, $95, Nordstrom SHOP HEREIt doesn't get much sexier than lipstick red and pops of leopard print – but don't forget a denim piece to break up your monochromatic look. Rose Applique Denim Co-Ord Set, $38, BoohooSHOP HEREGold Chain Statement Necklace, $20, River IslandSHOP HERERed Clear Sunglasses, $13, WalmartSHOP HERERed Denim Tube Top, $13, Forever 21SHOP HERERed Ruffle Heels, $36, Nasty GalSHOP HERELeopard Crossbody Mini Bag, $25, Fashion Nova SHOP HERE		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			So all the time, basically. Since Taylor Swift has been pretty stingy with the outfit inspo lately (see: has barely left her house in like three years), let's relive some of her best ever outfits. Here are all the times the queen of pop made you want to buy high Peter Pan collars, high rise shorts, pea coats, coordinating sets, and black mini dresses. Tay has always embodied the little old lady vibe, but she's really leaning in with this look. Are we sure Taylor isn't a Slytherin? Because I'm fairly certain she stole this houndstooth jacket and cat bag directly from Professor Umbridge's closet.Taylor has officially shed her snakeskin (figuratively and literally), doing a complete style 180. Last night, she attended the Time 100 Gala in a retro colorblock gown that looks absolutely nothing like the battle-ready persona she put on for Reputation. Her all-pastel reinvention can mean only one thing: there's new music coming. I guess the Old Taylor isn't dead after all – either that, or I'm seeing a ghost. Tay has fully revived her former hyper-girly persona and I think it's safe to say this aesthetic will be the theme of her next tour. How do I know? Her top is a sneak peek of her next merch collection.I guess the Old Taylor really is dead, because apart from her Reputation-era waves, I barely recognize this girl. On Saturday, she was spotted in NYC wearing a pink graphic hoodie, cut-off shorts, and leopard print boots – AKA the most non-Taylor Swift outfit ever. Living up to her 🐍 title, Taylor threw major shade just in time for National Snake Day.  In case you missed all the Twitter drama, her fans came for Kim Kardashian on July 16 and the next day, Tay stepped out in a romper and booties with a SNAKESKIN BACKPACK. Shade level 100. Like any iconic pop star, Taylor doesn't let freezing temps cramp her style. For warmth, she wore a fluffy leopard print coat and for ~fabulousness~ paired it with a teeny dress and 35-inch platforms. Queen of the Basics took on fall the only way she knows how – in a PSL-colored crop sweater and high rise jeans. And this marks the first time I have ever seen Taylor Swift in a bomber jacket...This outfit is Peak Taylor – a sailor top, retro shorts, and velvety over-the-knee boots. Oh, and a red lip – duh. You go-to childhood 'fit is back! This overall dress and pink tank are serving major '90s baby vibes.My inner hipster has been awakened, thanks to this "oh I got it at some thrift store" romper and that throwback choker. Freshly pressed flannel? Polished loafers? Pristine skinnies? It looks like Spencer Hastings has another undocumented twin and her name is Taylor Swift. Tay dished the '70s inspo way before Selena made it cool, rocking a striped shirt, vintage-y shades, and platform mules straight out of your mom's high school wardrobe.  The "New Romantics" singer pumped up a neutral look with a bubblegum lip and reflective blue sunglasses. TSwift proves all-black doesn't have to look basic in a sleek turtleneck, skinnies, and boots. Taylor takes her go-to summer outfit — a crop top and mini-skirt — into fall in a dark burgundy skirt, black long-sleeve crop top and booties.  Channeling a modern day Daisy Buchanan, Tay steps out in a lavender lace mini-dress and a sparkly headband.Tay looks super put-together with a white crop top and pastel blue high-waisted skirt for a date with Calvin Harris. She comes prepared for the AC with a cardi.Tay makes a graphic tee more edgy with this humorous harness.Taylor's blue pumps elevate her all-white outfit.Taylor slays walking through New York City with beau Calvin Harris in an edgy pair of skinny overalls and a complementing crop top. Totally crushing on those ankle booties!Tay stuns in a white cropped blouse and floral mini while out for dinner with her crew. We're loving the blue purse detail and cognac booties!Taylor rocks the streets of New York City in a three-quarter sleeve crop top, a pair of short shorts and serious heels. Her bright yellow purse adds the perfect pop of color.Tay pairs a pair of patterned shorts with a basic black scoop-neck tee and some killer booties.Taylor looks effortlessly chic even when traveling. She rocks an LBD and platform sandals to the airport.Taylor amps up her pastel blue dress with a matching headband, mustard purse and adorable peach flats.Tay looks classic chic with her amazing ivory coat, purple bag and matching gloves!Taylor's all-black combination of a leather jacket, backpack and lace-up booties is one that's universally flattering.Taylor ties the look together by matching a beret, boots and gloves to her trusty plum bowler bag.Taylor adds a kick to her Good Morning America outfit with a pair of fiery red heels.Polka dots may "never go out of style," but Taylor updates hers by choosing a belted shirtdress and black booties.We love the fun eyelash detail on her blouse, too!Taylor never went to college (she's too busy taking over the world), but she looks like a classy co-ed in a plaid sweaterdress and lace-up heels.Taylor shows us her style is as creative as her songs by layering a sheer dress over a graphic set.Relaxing on a day off, Tay rocks her new signature look: a loose t-shirt and matching mini.Pastel green is so pretty for the spring, and Taylor's bright heels add a cute contrast.The gingham sweater is adorbs!Move over, LBD! Taylor's Little Black Romper is the next big thing.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Serpent merch included. In a sea of pearl necklaces, stiletto heels, and Peter Pan collars, there's one resident of Riverdale that constantly serves the ~edgy girl~ vibes you're craving: ya girl Toni Topaz.The pink-haired bombshell is without a doubt the baddest Southside Serpent in the game and she's got a wardrobe to match: ripped denim, punk-y plaid, layered necklaces, and rocker booties – basically everything you need to dress like a total boss bitch.Check out these five super cute outfits inspired by the coolest girl in Riverdale.Clockwise: Plus Size Sheer Floral Top, $25, Forever 21; Racerback Bralette, $15, Aerie; Studded Backpack, $58, 12th Tribe; Black Denim Skirt, $60, Free People; Buckled Ankle Booties, $37, Charlotte Russe Clockwise: Lace-Up Moto Jacket, $88, Dolls Kill; Ruffled Plaid Tube Top, $16, Boohoo; Peep Toe Booties, $30, Boohoo; High Rise Black Skinny Jeans, $40, Cotton OnClockwise: Mesh Panel Denim Jacket, $40, Dolls Kill; Faux Leather Bralette, $12, Boohoo; Black Denim Mini Skirt, $99, Nordstrom; 1460 Maroon Boots, $140, Dr. MartensClockwise: Silver Arrow Lariat, $48, 12th Tribe; Sheer Mesh Bodysuit, $10, Forever 21; Southside Serpents Backpack, $40, Hot Topic; Black Wedgie Shorts, $70, Levi's; Plaid Western Shirt, $60, Levi's; Beanie, $10, Cotton On; Buckle Combat Boots, $41, Charlotte Russe Clockwise: Embroidered Faux Leather Jacket, $74, 12th Tribe; Black Crop Bralette, $24, Naked Wardrobe; Plaid Skirt, $20, Boohoo; White Platform Combat Boots, $33, Love Culture Kelsey is the style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram! 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Here's where you can get it.Most girls have an entire Pinterest board worth of style inspo saved for when they finally get to take engagement photos with their future spouse. But Hailey Baldwin and Justin Bieber's spur of the moment engagement is anything but traditional, so when the two finally announced it on Instagram, Hailey went for a look almost as shocking as the proposal: a $40 tank top.Yep, instead of opting for a $500k designer gown to match her $500k ring, the model wore this simple $40 crop from LA brand Cherry.I repeat: A FORTY DOLLAR TANK TOP TO TELL THE WORLD SHE'S GETTING MARRIED TO JUSTIN BIEBER.That must be some freaking shirt. Right now, there are only two sizes left on the website, so if you want to dupe Hailey's engagement style, you better start typing your debit card number now. Kelsey is the style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram! 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Kendall and Kylie Jenner have worn this top too. Yes, God is a woman – and she's wearing a $33 crop top. Today, pop queen Ariana Grande was spotted out shopping in NYC with her fiance Pete Davidson. The singer rocked her go-to over-the-knee boots, with a white crop top, Pete's flannel shirt (probably), and a khaki mini straight out of your local Girl Scout chapter. What's even more shocking than this relationship in general? The fact that her date night crop top is only $33 – and it's still available online. Yep, this teeny top is from a brand called Meshki and every celeb on the planet is currently wearing it. Kendall and Kylie Jenner have been posting on Instagram nonstop wearing the crops.  alien sister @kyliejennerA post shared by  Kendall (@kendalljenner) on Jul 17, 2018 at 3:14pm PDTA post shared by Kylie ✨ (@kyliejenner) on Jul 18, 2018 at 12:13pm PDTWant one for yourself? Shop more colors below. Kelsey is the style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Your student ID can save you some serious $$$.The first day of school is just around the corner, which means it’s time to pick up some fresh pieces to spice up your back to school outfits. But looking stylish on a student’s budget can be a real struggle, so we gathered a list of super cute stores that offer amazing deals, just for students. Though some stores simply ask you to show a student ID, others require you to register online (for free). P.S. A lot of these stores are having HUGE back to school sales right now!1. American Eagle You can save 20% in-store or online if you register with UNiDAYS to verify that you’re a student!2. Urban Outfitters You can get an extra 10% off the sitewide sale if you’re a student. 3. Missguided Get 50% off once you register online. THIS IS NOT A DRILL. 4. Adidas Use your free UNiDAYS code to get 15% off AND free shipping. 5. PrettyLittleThing They’ll give you 30% once you verify you’re a student with UNiDAYS.6. Nasty Gal Register online to get a whopping 55% student discount.7. Express You can get 15% off online and in-stores, just by registering here. 8. Dr. Martens Save 15% online with this student offer. 9. Kate Spade Take 15% off your purchase online by registering with UNiDAYS. 10. UGG Grab a cute pair of boots with your 10% discount once you register online. 11. PINK Register online to score a 15% student discount. 12. Club Monaco They offer 15% off full-priced AND sale merch for college students. Just flash your student ID if you’re in a store or get a code here to shop the site. 13. Charlotte Russe They'll give you 10% off your purchase if you register here. 14. Levis Verify that you’re a student with UNiDAYS and get 15% off online. 15. ASOS Just register online and ASOS will send you a code for 20% off (for a limited time) and 10% off that’s valid until you graduate. 16. J.Crew They offer 15% off any full-priced item in-store, with a valid college ID.17. Madewell They’ll give you a 15% discount when you show your student ID. 18. Banana Republic Take 15% off full-priced items in-store. 19. Topshop You can get 10% off in stories or online if you register with Student Beans.20. Goodwill You can get 10% off your purchase on Sundays in various locations. Just double check with your local store!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			My wallet is not prepared for this, TBH.Prime Day starts at 3pm on Monday, July 16th and runs through Tuesday. If you’re not already a Prime member (or if you are but want your own Prime account away from prying eyes) sign up and take advantage of Amazon’s 30-day free trial. There are a ton of surprise deals and savings to be found, if you know where to look—and we’re on the Prime Day beat, so keep checking back throughout the sale for more updates!Amazon has really stepped up their fashion game recently, and for Prime Day, you can expect deals on trendy, stylish items from brands like Milly, Reebok, Levi's, and Calvin Klein. If you're a Prime member, you're going to want to go right ahead and shop these cute pieces below!WHAT YOU GET: Up to 50 percent off these metal-rimmed shades from Ray-Ban.WHAT YOU GET: This pretty slip dress with a sexy side slit is up to 30 percent off.WHAT YOU GET: This cute dress with a flirty ruffle on the skirt is up to 30 percent off. P.S. It also comes in black. WHAT YOU GET: This transitional denim jacket from Levi's is up to 30 percent off.WHAT YOU GET: This angled navy blazer, which goes with literally anything, is up to 30 percent off.WHAT YOU GET: Many pairs of jeans from NYDJ are up to 30 percent off, including this cute relaxed style. WHAT YOU GET: This sports bra with a cool logo trim is up to 30 percent off. WHAT YOU GET: You can wear these super soft sweatpants, which are up to 30 percent off, inside the house or out. WHAT YOU GET: This pair of two-toned skinny jeans, and many other select pants from Calvin Klein, are up to 30 percent off.WHAT YOU GET: These classic white sneakers are up to 50 percent off.From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			From brunch to beach — and everywhere in between.Shop your favorites and wear them all summer long — but no judgment if they're still on your feet come fall.White cut-offs and t-shirt will get an instant upgrade when coral flats are added to the mix. Live in these sequin starred flats... All. Summer. Long. The fringe detail is a statement, but the black and white palette makes it an easy, everyday shoe.Gotta love a white shoe for summer, and this edgy chain detail adds major style points.Add some simple metallics to your wardrobe — it's a trend that's definitely here to stay.This turquoise jeweled band jazzes up an otherwise totally neutral slide.Fun pool slides are a must, and this pair is especially necessary for your next girls trip (boy, bye 👋).Tan leather flats are a total classic. Wear them with...everything.Pom poms on our feet? Yes, please.Pearl-dotted jelly slides? Going to need these in 10 colors, thanks!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She legit strapped a purse around her ankle. Two of the weirdest Kardashian trends of 2018 – the belt bag and the mini bag – have combined to make a hybrid trend that is probably the most impractical accessory I've ever laid eyes on. I introduce to you, the ankle bag. Kendall Jenner showed off the tiny purse on her Instagram Stories, noting that the minuscule pocket "only fits joy" inside it. What's even more shocking than the size? The price tag. This Chanel bag hit runways in 2007 and is currently sold out everywhere, but The Real Real recently re-sold it for $645. Tbh, if anyone can rock this style it's Kendall. Homegirl looooves handbags that can't fit anything in them. Kelsey is the style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Twinning for America! Yesterday, we celebrated the USA. Today, we celebrate the fact that Kylie Jenner and Selena Gomez just had the cutest twinning moment! On the 4th of July, Kylie posted a celebratory pic, dressed for the occasion in a cherry red moto jacket and white tee. Around the same time, Selena posted her Independence Day photo – and they look a lot alike. Just like Kylie, Sel rocked a white tee with a red jacket while vacationing at Disneyland with her former Wizards of Waverly Place co-star David Henrie. Wanna copy their looks? Shop the cutest red jackets here.Kelsey is the style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"I’m totally fine to take a photo with my tits showing."In a recent cover shoot for NYLON, Camila Mendes' little Veronicas came out to play. Yep, the Riverdale star showed off her nipples for the world to see – and she really doesn't give a sh*t. "I probably would show my tits to anybody," Camila dished. "I actually would probably do that. I really don’t care. It’s just this genuine, Yeah, these are my boobs. Is there a problem? I don’t understand what the problem is.""When I’ve been in photo shoots, and there’s a little bit of my nipple showing, there’s always a whole conversation about it. Like with NYLON, everyone was just like, 'Is this okay? Are we going to do this?' And I was like, 'Everyone stop talking about it. Let’s just go shoot it. This isn’t a conversation'," she continued. "I completely shut it down and said that this was something that we were not going to sit there and debate, because I know how I feel about it, and I’m totally fine to take a photo with my tits showing."Sadly, the cover itself features zero nips, but Camila still looked next-level stunning in a stripes-and-ruffles Valentino gown. Read her full interview  here. Kelsey is the style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Other things you can buy with $21,500: a car, a year of college.Bless my Juicy Couture tracksuit-wearing heart! Selena Gomez just revived everyone's favorite early 2000s jewelry brand and I'm about two seconds from breaking out my Return to Tiffany bracelet for the first time since middle school.  The "Back to You" singer arrived at the Hotel Transylvania 3 premiere fully blinged out in Tiffany Co. jewels, like a true '90s baby. Sel sparkled in $12,000 diamond hoop earrings and her go-to $9,500 Tiffany & Co. diamond cross necklace. She's been rocking the dainty chain non-stop lately, even making it the centerpiece of her look for this year's Met Gala. This is the first time Selena has blessed a movie premiere with her presence since 2016 – and homegirl did not disappoint. She upstaged every teacup you've ever seen in a porcelain printed crop top and matching skirt.Wanna steal her blingy look? Shop some similar (but cheaper)  items below. Kelsey is the style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Make sure your #1 accessory is just as cute as the rest of your outfit with these awesome phone cases.Make sure your #1 accessory is just as cute as the rest of your outfit with these awesome phone cases.This super cute case is by Wolf and Friends, which works to meet the needs of kids and teens with ADHD, anxiety, social and emotional issues and more.More: The Best Gift Ideas for Teenage GirlsBaubleBar x Target iPhone6 case, $34.99, target.com on November 29th. Texting To Avoid iPhone 6 Case, $29, jacvanek.comSonix Cactus iPhone 6 Case, $35, shopbop.comCompact iPhone 6 Case, $23.95, touchzerogravity.comAnna Sui - Pop Flowers Case for iPhone 5 and 5s, $29.99, bestbuy.com iPhone 5 Clip On Case With Nail Polish Design, $15.24, asos.comWhoviandrea The Fault in Our Stars Case for iPhone 6/6 Plus, $25, redbubble.comUO Bulldog Case for iPhone 5/5s, $16, urbanoutfitters.comCat Clutch (Gold) iPhone 5/5S Case, $38, touchzerogravity.comZero Gravity Lolita iPhone 5 Case, $25, nastygal.comState of Gracce Olaf (Frozen) Case for iPhone 6/6 Plus, $35, society6.comSonix Bow Stripe Case for iPhone 6, $35, nordstrom.comMeow Can I Help You? iPhone 5/5s Case, $14.99, modcloth.comDapperc 1D Rebus Case for iPhone 6/6 Plus, $23.95, redbubble.comWorld Map Inlay Slim Wood Case for iPhone 6 Plus, $24, carved.comHello? Comic Phone Case, $5.99, forever21.comMORE: 12 Super-Cute Tech AccessoriesIsaac Mizrahi New York - Glitter Case for iPhone 5 and 5s, $29.99, bestbuy.comPrinted Triangle Bamboo iPhone 6 Case, $40, getrecover.comThree Second Classic Retro Sony Cassette Tape Case for iPhone and Samsung Galaxy S5, $35, society6.comMORE: How To Accessorize Your Phone Case Without Breaking Out The Glue GunTransparent iPhone Case, $5.95, hm.comEmoji iPhone 5 Case, $32, nastygal.comHello Kitty Cell Phone Case for iPhone 5C, $14.99, target.comGemma Correll That January Feeling Case for iPhone and Samsung Galaxy 5, $35, society6.comWatermelon Shell Case for iPhone 5, $16, topshop.comMORE: 5 Sparkly Phone Cases So Cute You'll Wish they Were ClutchesCandyShell Sound Amplification Case With Military-Grade Protection for iPhone 5s/5. $44.95, speckproducts.comMORE:18 Super-Cute Tech Accessories For Back To School		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			NEED.Thirst trap season has officially begun! Kendall Jenner dropped her first thirstagram of the summer, posing in a sunny yellow high-rise bikini.The bold two-piece is from her swimwear collection with sister Kylie, available at Revolve. The entire line is FIRE, but this look particularly demands to be shopped. The good news is, you actually can. The top is available online for $78 and the bottoms are $68. Not a bad price considering you'll probably be living in this duo all summer. Shop the entire Kendall + Kylie swim collection here.Kelsey is the style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			This will be your uniform, trust.The season of cozy sweaters and faux leather boots is finally upon us! Live your best, ~layering season~ life with these fall fashion trends that you NEED in your closet for back to school.Big flouncy sleeves instantly give your top a dressy vibe. Next time you're shopping look for ruffles, ruching, and texture on the arms. Last season, it was all about the hoops. They're not going anywhere (thank god), but all the trendiest girls will start mixing in other modern, geometric shapes.When she's not owning the dad sneaker trend, Kendall Jenner has been rocking slouchy boots non-stop. Once fall comes around, everyone else will be wearing them too. Fanny packs aren't just for Coachella. Use yours to belt a blazer or add a funky twist to your favorite fall dress.Army details give any look a badass vibe – plus you can find shirts, pants, and jackets for cheap at basically any thrift store. Put your tampons on display for the world to see with a futuristic lucite bag.  Attention, Cheetah Girls! Your childhood fave is going to be everywhere this fall. Skirts, dresses, shoes – and the best part is, this neutral print basically goes with everything. I know it sounds crazy, but cowboy boots are about to be HUGE. Bloggers are obsessed with them and once you get over your first thought of ew, cowboy boots, they actually start to grow on you. These western faves add just the right amount of toughness to feminine dresses or an all-denim look. It's not just bags! Clear hoops and dangles add a touch of artsy flare to even the simplest lazy day outfit – and since they're see-through, they match basically everything. Slide-on flats are getting a pop of texture for fall. Woven designs give major boho feels. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Here's where you can get them. Clear boots, clear heels, and now clear glasses. Kylie Jenner lives for see-through accessories. The Keeping Up With the Kardashians star shared on Instagram Stories that two weeks ago, she got eyeglasses for the very first time. These ones aren't covered in rhinestones, like her wildly un-functional Met Gala sunnies. Her new eyewear is completely clear. She posted a selfie wearing the stunners, captioned "oh yes & I wear glasses now."You won't be seeing this look on the red carpet, though. Kylie explained on Twitter that they're only for driving and nighttime. Like two weeks ago 🤷🏻‍♀️ just to watch tv & drive at night. My vision is getting pretty bad 😫 https://t.co/FH2RTdUo5QIf you're into her look, shop this identical pair for $95. Kelsey is the style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Here's what it says. If Veronica Lodge was into naked dresses, Camila Mendes' latest 'fit would be the red carpet look of her DREAMS.The Riverdale star attended the 2018 MTV Movie & TV Awards wearing a black, wheat-printed maxi by designer Elisabetta Franchi.The gown had a sheer lace panel on the chest that gave a peek at Camila's one and only tattoo, a quote under her right boob.In an interview with  Latina, Camila explained what her hidden ink means. "Moving has been a huge part of my life. But it’s not all good things," she explained. "I went through this whole thing and I realized that you can only establish a sense of self within yourself because everything else around you is going to change no matter what. So all you can control is who you are and as long as you stay true to that, then you’re home.""I created this idea in my head that no matter where I go I’m home because I am – my body is my home," she continued. "I got a tattoo below my right breast that says, ‘To build a home,’ because that’s my goal in life – to build a home within myself."Aww!Kelsey is the style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Katherine looked AMAZING.13 Reasons Why is up for two different awards (Best Show and Best Performance in a Show) at the 2018 MTV Movie & TV Awards, so when the cameras started flashing, the cast 👏 turned 👏 it 👏 out 👏. The 13RW crew served up some of the most epic fashion moments of the night, including a massive head bow, a flowing mesh train, and more printed blazers than an H&M fanatic could dream of. Here's a breakdown of all their *fabulous* looks from Saturday's red carpet.The queen bee of 13RW, showed up looking like a dark angel. She wore a stunning velvet gown and some major headgear.I vote that Justin wears printed suit jackets for all of season 3. Who's with me? Someone call 911, because this look is going to set the red carpet on FIRE. Alisha AKA Jessica, showed some leg in a sequined midi with a major thigh slit. Dylan didn't make the group pic, because he was running late to the red carpet. That might explain his dressed-down T-shirt and jeans combo. Miles served hella '70s vibes in a flared khaki suit and a striped turtleneck. Yes hunny! Ajiona's asymmetrical mesh set is a hot af departure from the typical dresses-only red carpet dress code.The most beautiful man on earth AKA Ross Butler, wore a simple printed button-up (are those supposed to be hashtags?) and trousers. Bye, Bryce! Justin looked crazy fab in a dusty purple suit jacket. Just another reminder that Timothy Granaderos and Monty are NOT the same person. For one, Timothy isn't a pit of pure, undiluted evil, and two, LOOK AT THIS STYLE!Ya boy loves rocking skirts on the red carpet, but this might be one if his best looks yet. Did the guys of 13RW just get together and collectively decide to all wear printed jackets? Because I'm so into it. In case the lack of leather jacket is throwing you off, this is Christian Navarro. Suddenly I'm really into orange velvet...Jeff deserved better, but WE deserved this look. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I weirdly love it? On a red carpet covered in sequins and naked dresses, Zendaya hands-down rocked the weirdest dress of the night. The Greatest Showman actress wore what looks like a brown leather umbrella to the 2018 MTV Movie & TV Awards and looked completely stunning. Z played up the geometric theme, adding on gold plate earrings and sleek pointed-toe pumps. She even said she looks like a caramel Hershey's kiss and honestly, she's not wrong. 😂  Lookin like a fine ass unwrapped, caramel filled Hershey’s kiss.A post shared by  Zendaya (@zendaya) on Jun 16, 2018 at 9:15pm PDTJust add this to a list of outfits only Zendaya could pull off. Love her look? Shop similar earrings below. Kelsey is the style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram! 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Your fave celebs brought it. Check out the best-dressed at this year's show.The red carpet was fire at the 2018 MTV Movie and TV Awards. Check out what your fave celebs wore. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Reppin' the USA.The Founding Fathers would be pissed af if you showed up to the USA's birthday celebration in that worn out American flag T-shirt you wear every single year. Upgrade your red, white, and blue style with these super cute, non-tacky 4th of July looks. Go chic for the 4th in a festive matching set. Ruffles, ties, and a light blue hue make the two-piece feel dressy enough for any holiday plans. Go with beachy accessories with hints of red to finish off your patriotic look. If you're celebrating the USA pool-side, a flag-inspired bikini is a must. But even if your swimsuit doesn't scream "America," you can piled on red and blue accessories to pull your look together. express.com$49.90SHOP NOWIf red, white, and blue feels too costume-y for your style, try an all-denim look instead. Then all you need is a red lip and a little plastic flag and you're ready for fireworks. express.com$29.99SHOP NOWkeds.com$49.95SHOP NOWMake a simple white romper *pop* with bold, bright accessories, like this cute af popsicle bag.keds.com$34.95SHOP NOWThis classic combo is perfect for Independence Day. Rock your favorite tee with a denim skirt and sandals. Star-spangled accessories keep your 'fit feeling edgy, but still Fourth of July af. Just throw on a little red dress and your outfit is basically done, so you can keep the accessories simple. Stars and stripes on July 4th? Yes, please! Add loads of denim to keep them from taking your look too over-the-top. Watch these outfits in action!Kelsey is the style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			FINALLY. Did you know that basically everyone has some form of asymmetry in their breasts? Yep, it's super common and your lopsided boobs are totally normal, but it can make bra hunting a regular pain in the tit. If you've spent most of your post-pubescent life looking for a bra that fits both boobs, this underwear brand is going to change everything. Lingerie company, ThirdLove, has actually designed a bra just for asymmetrical breasts. The bra is called the Classic Contour Plunge and it comes with removable padding, so you can customize each cup to fit your bust perfectly. Ra'el Cohen, head of design, says that they knew girls with mismatched cup sizes weren't being catered to in the underwire department, so ThirdLove decided to solve that problem."We’re focused on giving women their best possible fit — and since no other brands were addressing asymmetry, we thought it was the perfect opportunity for us to step in and help," Cohen told Seventeen.com."[The bra] was designed with removable memory foam inserts that allow you to even out your shape. You can add in the pad on the smaller side, or if you have even more asymmetry, you can double up and wear two pads on the smaller side to even out your breasts."Even if you don't have uneven boobs, the brand will still give you the perfect fit (the T-Shirt Bra is my personal fave). They carry half sizes, so if you're between A and B cup, you won't be left with a bra gap/muffin top situation. On top of that, ThirdLove has just launched 24 new sizes. They now carry cups AA through H, up to a 48" band size, making them the leading brand for size inclusivity with 70 different options. Wanna try one for yourself? Shop their bras here. Kelsey is the assistant style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I want one!If you've been keeping tabs on Disney's line of rose gold accessories and sweet treats as you SHOULD have, you'll know that everything in it is absolutely wonderfully and magically amazing. Seriously! From the rose gold churros and cupcakes to those sparkly Minnie Mouse ears and bracelets, it's all so freakin' cute. Literally everything that they've released has rendered me speechless. Which is why we were so shook when they released this one-of-a-kind rose gold backpack:From the soft and shiny color of the sequins to the details of the bow and the Minnie Mouse ears, whoever gets to wear one of these is clearly the daintiest and most magical in all the land. The $85 backpack officially made its debut at Disneyland on June 7 and, well, it's already sold out. Like, really really sold out. As in it sold out that very day. Sorry! (As of Monday morning, Disney has not confirmed if/when the backpacks will be back(pack) in stock.) Or, ya know, you can pick up one on eBay for $299.99 but that's your call. And while you're already probably super bummed out, I'm going to continue to rub some salt in your rose gold wounds. Take a look at some of the lucky Disneyland-goers who were able to snag the backpacks before they all bibbi-bobbidi-booped the fuck outta there. Ugh, just look how pretty: From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			RIP, underwire. You know that feeling when you get a new bra so cute you wish you could show it off to everyone? This summer, take the plunge with these adorable outfits that will show off your favorite bralette. Here are seven super cute ways to flaunt your bra. Channel your inner Instagram star in a sporty bra and tomboy details. Throw on a retro mesh shirt and classic high-tops for major cool-girl feels. You've got a whole summer full of music festivals ahead of you, which means your fave bralette is going to get a lot of action. Wear it with Coachella faves like overalls and windbreakers. Herschel $69.99SHOP HERECircus by Sam Edelman $34.99SHOP HEREA preppy gingham pop is the perfect way to dress up your go-to summer tank. Throw on cut-offs and chic slides for a fit that belongs on the beach. Express$34.90SHOP HERETone down your sexiest bralette with a loose-fit bomber and sneakers. Wear a high-rise skirt will balance out your teeny top. PINK$16.99SHOP HERESteve Maddensix02.com$90.00SHOP HEREHigh-neck bralettes are the easiest lingerie to show off  in public without anyone knowing. Layer it under a strapless mini for a girly touch of lace. Victoria's Secret$49.50SHOP HEREThis is one of the few times you can embrace the fact that your adorable printed bra shows through your shirt. A striped bralette looks so cute against a tropical printed tee.  PINK$20.00SHOP HEREExpress$34.90SHOP HEREPuma$40.00SHOP HEREShow a little skin by pairing a jeans-and-denim-jacket combo with a flirty bralette. Pastel accessories keep the look femenine and sweet. PINK $24.50SHOP HERESee these looks in action! 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Guess I'm going to have to start wearing this again...Just when you had officially moved all your maxi dresses into the "donate" pile, Kylie Jenner single-handed brings the trend back from the dead.In her latest Instagram spree, Mama Ky found that good light outside of an ivy-covered mansion – and she just happens to be wearing your favorite mid-2000s trend. She rocked a leopard print cowl neck maxi from Rat & Boa that's actually kind of affordable. The slinky gown is $169 and available here. If you don't have $200 to throw around, shop some similar (cheaper) options below. Welcome back, maxi dress. You've been missed. Kelsey is the style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Seventeen.com readers sent us their most gorge prom looks — and they're flawless. Seventeen.com readers sent us their most gorge prom looks — and they're flawless. "I like this dress because it's simple but cute.""I love the dress so much because of the elegance and silkiness to it. The color was by far my favorite of all my dresses before. It made me feel confident and comfy!""When I put the dress on, I knew it was a statement piece and stood out from any other, while maintaining a classy and elegant look! I definitely didn’t just like the dress. I loved it!""I knew I found the right dress when I saw the confidence in myself come out as I looked in the mirror.""I love the vibrant color and how simple the design of the dress is.""What I loved most about my dress was the short length and its shiny bling!" "Ever since I was a little girl I envisioned what my prom would be like, and my dress captured the exact amount of elegance that I always wanted.""It was so classic Hollywood; I felt like a princess!" Jennifer, left: "I fell in love with the details, from the rhinestones to the open cut on the back of the dress." Jenn, right: "I love the slit and the red color. It's the perfect mix of class, elegance, with a touch of 1950s Hollywood glam.""I was so torn down looking for dresses and I came across this unique piece. There was only 4 or 5 of them in the US, and I'm proud to say one of them is mine!""I love my dress because of how simple and elegant it looks but also how comfortable and easy it was to move around in!" (Bottom, right)"From the moment I stepped into my dress, I felt like Cinderella. All of my insecurities were washed away and I felt incredibly beautiful.""It was custom-made! I asked for a Jessica Rabbit-vibe and it was perfect. It felt so classic." "I loved my prom dress because I loved the sparkles.  It shimmered off the sunlight when taking pictures outside.""I absolutely loved my prom dress because it was unique and completely different than everyone else's dresses. It was vibrant, printed, had a sparkly bodice, lace-up corset back and was unlike any other style that was seen at my prom.""I loved my prom dress. The faux suede was comfortable, easy to dance in, and fun to accessorize!" "The slit gives it a sexy feel, and I love the color on me, as well as the v-neck!"		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Her company released a heartbreaking statement.Kate Spade, the founder and namesake of the iconic handbag brand, died this morning by suicide. The fashion world and celebrities have been grieving the loss of the icon all over social media, and the brand itself just shared its own statement via Instagram. "Kate Spade, the visionary founder of our brand, has passed. Our thoughts are with her family at this incredibly heartbreaking time. We honor all the beauty she brought into the world."  Kate was found this morning in her Park Avenue home, and she is survive dby her husband and 13-year-old daughter. She was 55 years old. She founded the brand in 1993 with her husband Andy. At the time, it was strictly handbags, and was called Kate Spade Handbags. It eventually expanded to everything it is today: jewelry, shoes, clothing, stationery, eyewear, fragrances, home decor, dinnerware, and more.She sold her remaining shares of the company in 2006 to Neiman Marcus, who already owned the majority stake, to raise her daughter Frances, who is now 13. Then, in 2017, the same company that owns Coach (Tapestry) bought Kate Spade from Neiman Marcus. At the time it was valued at $2.4 billion, but she didn't see any of that money herself, as she had sold her shares in the company. In 2016, she had started a new fashion line called Frances Valentine, which also focused on handbags and shoes. If you or someone you know needs help, please call the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-TALK (8255).From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Chances are you already have your summer wardrobe good to go, but here are the staples to make it just a little extra. You'll practically live in these all summer. A pair with a high waist and faded wash are cool AF.A hint of embroidery makes these anything but basic. Stick to the dress code while school is still in sesh with almost-to-the-knee lengths. Add cute slides and a crisp top for a classic look.Slay the BBQ, pool party, or fireworks in these. Your whole crew will want to know where you got them.Everything looks better with a little arts and crafts edge.Snag gym shorts that go way beyond the actual gym.Channel Betty from Riverdale in gingham with a twist. Two words: vintage vibe. Get it with a pair of shorts that has a raw hem. Finish the look with a plain white tee or go all in with a retro concert tee. These are just the right compromise when you should wear a skirt, but your current mood =  pajama-bottoms.Put these shorts on repeat all summer long. Rock them with everything from a nautical striped top to a Boho-peasant blouse.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Her style is A+. Malia Obama is the ~ultimate~ style icon. Here are her strongest fashion-forward moments!Malia brought major cool-girl vibes to NYC in a yoga set, denim, jacket, and tan boots. The best part of her outfit by far was her beautiful new braids. Those curls are EVERYTHING!As Miley once said, the proper way to hop off a plane is *with a dream and your cardigan*, but Malia did one better. This sleek camel coat is an outfit all its own. This wool dress is a bit preppy for Malia's usually laid-back style, so she added a casual tee to make the look her very own. She completed the look with the best accessory of all: POTUS.Malia slipped into leather booties, a plethora of denim, and a totally trendy dad hat to meet a friend after lunch. Def the ideal casual getup for a bestie hangout.She's looking good!How does Malia manage to make this overall dress so elegant?!? This is an ultimate style paradox. Is it her braids? Button up?  Giggles? #questionoftheyear Pretty sure she's taking inspo from Justin Timberlake and Britney Spears' all-denim vibes, but still, she's looking good! #britneyandjustinforever       You know those in-between season moments that are impossible to dress for? Well Malia doesn't. She owned the bare-legs-with-a-winter-jacket look like no one else can.Remind me why anyone would ever not wear mom jeans?Malia's totally rocking a chillaxed look with lots of blues – and Adidas slides before Rihanna made them cool, I might add.A breezy chambray mini is the perfect look for any summertime activity. Simple, but nonetheless super chic. BRB, going to save the world by writing health-conscious messages on all my white shirts.Only Malia could successfully rock a long-sleeve tee as formal attire. She paired it with a metallic blue skirt and a neon wrap-around belt. Sooo cute. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Click this if your favorite colors are black, dark black, gray-black, and true black. While everyone else is transitioning to pastels and florals for summertime, you'll continue rocking your all-black wardrobe with pride – no matter how much your mom hates it. Here are the cutest outfits any girl who's allergic to color NEEDS in her closet. Bring a little festival flare to your all-black OOTD with Western accessories, like a buckled belt and crocheted mini dress. Circus by Sam Edelman $58.00SHOP NOWThe key to rocking black-on-black is adding prints and graphics, so your look doesn't blend together. Tiny stars, rose appliques, and bright sunnies will make each piece pop. Roll up to the beach looking like Wednesday Addams in a printed black bikini and dark denim shorts. Bonus points if you add a black sun hat to match.  Even if you're terrified of mixing prints, I promise you can pull it off if every print is black. Literally throw any two black and white prints together and they look cool af.Add a girly feel to your bloutfit with pretty touches like ruffled sleeves, a tasseled bag, or luxe flats. New to the all-black game? Try an LBD, then match it with a black bag and shoes. It'll make you feel totally badass, but still authentic to your own style. Express $19.99SHOP NOWExpress$39.90SHOP NOWWatch these looks in action! 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			So magical. Ariel's got nothing on these beach looks! Gear up for your next vacay with these super cute swimsuits inspired by your favorite Disney Princesses – and all for under $100.Channel your inner ~beauty~ with a ruffled yellow two-piece that's so Belle. Wear it with a matching romper and sandals that feature the iconic rose from Beauty and the Beast. Get your magic carpet ready for the beach, because this look will have you feeling like a legit princess. A turquoise suit serves major Jasmine vibes, just top it with statement earrings and a sparkly metallic sandal. A bright red one-piece in Mulan's favorite color will make you feel just as badass as the warrior herself. Throw on a beach-y hat and matching sandals for the perfect poolside OOTD.Dress like the mermaid you always have been on the inside with this scaley one-piece and adorable sea creature clutch. Waterproof slides will take you from sea to land quicker than Ursula's spell. You don't need miles of hair to rep Princess Rapunzel. This lace-up suit is inspired by her iconic lavender dress.This tropical palm print bikini is perfect for sailing the seas like Moana. Add nature-inspired details like a woven bag and her Heart of Te Fiti necklace. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Holy sh*t. If you Google "Kylie Jenner biggest fan," what comes up is basically just a bunch of photos of Johnny Cyrus. The megafan has an entire  Kylie Jenner-themed tattoo sleeve and owns basically every single piece of merch the mogul has ever sold. Whenever Kylie hosts an event, Johnny is always first in line and because of it, the two have actually become good friends. At her Kylie Cosmetics pop-up in San Francisco, they met up again for selfies and general fabulousness, but Kylie had a MAJOR surprise. Johnny's 21st birthday was on May 12, so to celebrate, Kylie gave him a traditional Kardashian-Jenner over-the-top gift: a $2,010 Louis Vuitton backpack. Needless to say, Johnny was crazy excited and has been rocking the lavish present every since. Kelsey is the style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Werk, hunny. Kylie Jenner makes it rain on baby Stormi (read: $1.6k Fendi strollers), but when it comes to her own closet, the millionaire makeup mogul is really into cheap clothes. She wore an $18 romper to Coachella, then showed off her snap-back game in a $38 dress – oh, and she can't stop wearing the same pair of $5 socks. Yesterday, she set the internet on FIRE, posing in a super sexy off-the-shoulder bodycon mini from her favorite store, Fashion Nova. Count your blessings hunnies, because the dress is only $28 AND somehow it's still in available online (in MULTIPLE COLORS). Jacklyn Off-the-Shoulder Mini Dress, $28, Fashion NovaSHOP HERE*Puts on dress.**Becomes Kylie Jenner.*Kelsey is the style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			NEED.Last summer, it was these shoes...This summer, every girl on your Instagram feed will be accessorizing with one thing: this wooden basket. You've probably already seen your favorite bloggers carrying them – they're made completely of bamboo and are partially see-through, so you can put your tampons on full display to the world (as it should be). Bamboo Handbag Beach Tote, $150, Moda Operandi SHOP HEREThe woven picnic basket design was first popularized in Japan, back in the 1940s. Now, the half-circle bags are back – thanks to it-brand Cult Gaia – and they're racking up likes all across the internet. I mean look at this inspo! Can you blame them?Want to get one for yourself? Shop our favorite styles below.Mini Acrylic Ark Bag, $280, Modal OperandiSHOP HERESmall Ark Bag, $158, Moda Operandi SHOP HERESmall Acrylic Ark Bag, $300, Moda Operandi SHOP HEREKelsey is the style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			YOU NEED THIS.So, you didn't get into Hogwarts. Join the club! Us muggles have been living without acceptance letters to Hogwarts for centuries, but that doesn't stop us from fantasizing about joining the realm of Hermione Granger and her wizard companions. To aid in all your fantastical imaginations of what life at Hogwarts must be like, this Hogwarts Letter Zip Wallet from Think Geek (via Hello Giggles!) is the ultimate purchase. The wallet/clutch is meant to resemble the envelope sent to Harry in The Sorcerer's Stone, and although it won't be delivered by beak of owl, it's still pretty damn special. And check out the address on the back — the other nerds will be so impressed by your attention to detail! BUY IT HEREAnd at only $29.99 and made with vegan leather, this is a purchase that even a practical witch would be proud of. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			This is SO sweet. The Royal Wedding is officially over and Meghan Markle's TWO beautiful dresses will go down in fashion/British history as the most gorgeous bridal look ever. All eyes were on that stunning tiara, but there's one tiny detail from her reception outfit you might not have noticed: this ring.  Thank you to everyone in Windsor and beyond for making today so special. It was an incredible day! #royalweddingA post shared by  Kensington Palace (@kensingtonroyal) on May 19, 2018 at 2:36pm PDTThat's not just any 584 carat sparkler, this gem belonged to Prince Harry's late mother, Princess Diana. The wore the turquoise ring to a fundraiser in 1997 and 21 years later, her son's wife wore it to their wedding reception. My heart! Kelsey is the style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"Fearless" era Taylor is back. The old Taylor can't come to the phone right now... because she's at the Billboard Music Awards. Yep, Taylor Swift walked her first red carpet of the year and when I first saw the photos I legitimately thought they were throwbacks from the early 2000s. Tay rocked her iconic spiral curls tucked up into an etherial bun straight out of her "Love Story" music video. Not kidding.She wore a dusty blush gown with metallic platform pumps and the look is just as princess-y as the hair. Her dress is covered in intricate gold embroidery and pink feathers – it would have been perfect for the royal wedding, just sayin'.This is the first Billboard Music Awards Taylor has attended since she walked the carpet with her girl squad in 2015. Welcome back, girl. We've missed you. Kelsey is the style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Yesss hunnies. Celebs are bringin' the heat on the red carpet for the 2018 Billboard Music Awards. Here's every fire AF look.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Cinderella did it first, TBH! Meghan Markle wore a stunning long-sleeve boatneck dress designed by Clare Waight Keller (the first female artistic director at Givenchy) during her Royal Wedding to Prince Harry, and while the silhouette was fairly modern—it was ACTUALLY one we've seen before. In a Disney movie, no less.Twitter was quick to point out that Meghan is essentially wearing a more streamlined version of the dress Cinderella wore during her wedding to Prince Charming in Disney's Cinderella. Meaning, she literally dressed like a Disney princess on her wedding day, and NAILED IT.The only way this could be better is if a fleet of friendly mice had held up her veil. From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Spoiler: there's LOTS of red. Riverdale's queen bee has got some seriously killer style. Dupe the iconic Blossom uniform in hot all-red looks inspired by Cheryl herself. Most girls like a sick pair of shades, but Cheryl Blossom is never caught without a sparkling pin on her shirt. Pair a rhinestone broach with a crisp button-up and a plaid skirt that screams "my family makes maple syrup."A Blossom must always wear red to accentuate their fiery curls and this mesh-bottom dress is the perfect combo of sexy and sweet. Pair it with a badass jacket and sleek heels. She loves a good high neck, especially if that neck is connected to a ton of lace. Match those girly vibes with a circle skirt and peep-toe heels to trick people into thinking you won't completely annihilate them if necessary. Flirty textures like lace, pleather, and faux fur are a Blossom must. Plus curve-hugging skinny jeans? You'll feel on top of the world. When Cheryl wants to break the rules, she goes for pure white. This midi looks just like hers, so top it with pop-y accessories she would love, like a striped clutch and a classic red lip.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			*Tries to pre-order underwear for the first time ever.*On top of all-inclusive makeup, badass streetwear, and the coolest sneakers, Rihanna released an all-sizes lingerie collection: Savage x FENTY.The collection caters to both straight and plus sizes – and I'm not talking 456 pieces for straight sizes and then 2.4 items for plus. Riri put together a full collection for each, featuring simple everyday underwear sets for every skin tone, as well as over-the-top sexy lingerie. Sheer Marabou Short Robe, $79, Savage x FentySHOP HEREAlong with the underwear staples and classic bustiers, Riri also dropped some weird AF pieces that fully say "Rihanna." Like those famed feather handcuffs (which are already sold out) and this no-cup bra that is basically the boob version of a g-string. Ruffle Open Cup Bra, $24, Savage x FentySHOP HEREThe entire line dropped May 11 on the Savage x Fenty website and the hot af looks will legit make you want to wear lingerie in public. Even MORE good news: the already inclusive line will be releasing a more extensive range of sizes very soon. We hear you! We are working on extending our size range. Keep up with us!Hello bri, we are sorry to hear that, but give us another chance! It is only the beginning and there are more sizes and styles to come! So please opt-in to receive all the update emails from SavageXFenty !We understand how you feel. This is only the beginning. We'll keep you updated as more styles and sizes become available. Make sure to opt-in to receive our Savage X Fenty emails. Shop our favorite pieces below. Bandeau Bralette, $44, Savage x FentySHOP HEREHigh-Waist Lace Brief, $26, Savage x FentySHOP HEREFlock Dot Babydoll, $69, Savage x FentySHOP HEREUnlined Lace Bra, $44, Savage x FentySHOP HERESatin Skirt, $49, Savage x FentySHOP HEREKelsey is the style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Summer style slayed.Visions of sun, surf, and sand aren't just dreams dancing in your head. Warm weather is here, girl! Which means your wardrobe might be in for a refresh. Check out these super-cute must-haves to fill your closet with major beach game. Oh, and the best part: They're all under $50. Yasss!This teeny weeny red polka-dot bikini wins the award for most flattering two-piece. Thanks to a waist-accentuating high-waisted bottom, you can feel extra-confident.Polka Dot Printing Flounce Bikini, MOLFROA (available at Amazon), $19SHOP NOWThis hat does two jobs: 1. Protects your skin from UV rays, and 2. Looks bomb for the 'Gram. Bonus: This one's made with built-in UPF 50. Wide Brim Straw Hat, YOPINDO (available at Amazon), $13 SHOP NOWThis lacy number doubles as a bikini cover or a flirty top for your next pool party. Pair it with a white cami and jeans for total beach vibes. Beach Cover-up Bikini Swimsuit Dress, LORITTA (available at Amazon), $13SHOP NOWThrow some serious shade with sleek blue specs. They do double duty as UV blockers and covert spyware for stealing looks at that cute lifeguard. Nn230 Bl Round Sunglasses, NANETTE BY NANETTE LEPORE (available at Amazon), $40SHOP NOWGive your beach bag an upgrade with colorful straw, so you can tote ~all~ the essentials in style. Rainbow Wine Crochet Straw Beach Bag, HATQUARTERS (available at Amazon), $50SHOP NOWGive major beach envy in this smokin' off-the-shoulder suit, which becomes a date-worthy top when paired with jean shorts. Annie Off The Shoulder Printed One Piece Swimsuit, MAE (available at Amazon), $30SHOP NOWA flirty, floral halter dress easily goes from surf to street — and is the easiest go-to piece for barbecues and beach parties.Santos Cover-Up, 6 SHORE ROAD (available at Amazon), $50SHOP NOWWhen you want to step up your swimwear game with major sexy vibes, opt for one that delivers the bombshell in the front and back thanks to crisscrossing laces. Olivia Criss Cross Front Bikini Top, MAE (available at Amazon), $22SHOP NOWA lightweight, waterproof pouch is key when you're leaving the sand for a soiree. Because who wants to carry around a massive beach bag at a party all night? Lighten Up Drawstring Mini Crossbody, VERA BRADLEY (available on Amazon), $28SHOP NOWColorful crochet detailing gives this breezy throw-on some serious Coachella feels. The comfy cut wins every time. Beachwear Dress, XIONGMEI (available at Amazon), $13SHOP NOW		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			::Adding to my wish list as we speak.::Did you totally binge 13 Reasons Why season one while going through every tissue in your house because ~feelings~? And are you SO excited for season two?! We totally understand. To show your commitment to the show, here are some super cute tees, accessories and more that you'll definitely want to own.Red Bubble, $20GET IT HEREPause Gouter, $7.42BUY IT HERELulu and the Elephant, $5.60GET IT HERERed Bubble, $12BUY IT HEREAxadesigns18, $3.50BUY IT HERERed Bubble, $30GET IT HERERed Bubble, $46.36BUY IT HEREiSleeve, $39.99BUY IT HEREGo Case, $9.90GET IT HEREExpression Tees, $10.99BUY IT HERETeePublic, $39BUY IT HERERed Bubble, $32BUY IT HERETeePublic, $16BUY IT HERE		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She took the naked dress trend to a whole new level.For the Cannes Film Festival, Kendall Jenner rocked a majorly hot accessory that will literally cost you nothing – her nipples!The model flaunted them literally all weekend long, starting off Friday night in a 100% see-through gold mini straight out of the '90s. She covered her lady bits in a nude thong and let the nips roam free. The next day, Kenny was somewhat less naked – but only because she opted for a high-rise nude brief, instead of another thong. Once again, her nipples were the star of the show, shining through a white ruffled tulle gown that gives me flashbacks to her angelic Met Gala look. That Kendall sure knows how to bring the nip. Kelsey is the style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Steal her sweet style. How do the kids of Riverdale High have time to pick out such cute outfits, while also solving murders, planning never-ending revenge plots, and doing homework? I'll never understand. Copy one of Riverdale's most stylish residents with these super cute outfits inspired by Betty Cooper. For the first time in my life, I actually want to go out and purchase a cardigan – and it's all thanks to Betty. She loves pairing a femme sweater with girly staples like this ruffled dress and pearled flats.High-Neck Ruffle Dress, $69, PromGirlSHOP HEREPink Tassel Necklace, $10, Claire’sSHOP HEREStripe Cardigan, $19, J. CrewSHOP HEREMetallic Gold Envelope Clutch, $25, IcingSHOP HEREEmbellished Pearl Mule, $25, GoJaneSHOP HEREDress up Betty-inspired neutral staples, like a taupe sweater and light wash skinnies, with pops of floral and texture. Maddie Top, $108, RevolveSHOP HEREMetallic Rose Gold Ring Clutch, $17, IcingSHOP HERECamille Woven Mule, $100, Chinese LaundrySHOP HEREWarming Trend Cropped Knit Cardigan, $25, GoJaneSHOP HEREToothpick Light Wash Jean, $43, J. CrewSHOP HERECelebrate Jughead's birthday just like Betty in her iconic crown sweater. Throw on her go-to skinnies and a pair of girly flats for total girl-next-door vibes. Alice and Olivia Crown Sweater Pullover, $371, eBaySHOP HEREFaux Leather Mule, $48, Francesca’sSHOP HEREToothpick Medium Wash Jeans, $125, J. CrewSHOP HEREWhite Crystal Faux Leather Wristlet, $17, IcingSHOP HERETighten your ponytail, because this look is so BC. Preppy details like pinstripes and satin keep your outfit simplistic, but still totally chic.Pinstriped Button-Up Shirt, $18, GoJaneSHOP HERESatin Mini Skirt, $13, GoJaneSHOP HEREVelvet Embellished Flats, $40, Circus by Sam EdelmanSHOP HERERunning out the door to solve the latest town mystery? Throw on a sweet lace dress with a cardigan and flats, and you'll have the case cracked in no time. The Edit By Seventeen Blush Lace Dress, $30, Macy’sSHOP HEREFaux Fur Handle Cross Body Bpeggie Bag, $50, Steve MaddenSHOP HERECrew Neck Cardigan, $27, GapSHOP HEREEmbellished Pearl Mule, $25, GoJaneSHOP HEREWatch these outfits in action! 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			*Clicks 'Add To Cart' at the speed of light.*Taylor Swift is back from her two-year limelight hiatus, but is she really? Since her return to social media, the "Gorgeous" singer basically only posts promo pics for her album and Reputation world tour, with the occasional 'happy birthday' photo.But for the first time in forever, Tay has posted a real-life shot *probably* taken on an iPhone – showing the real Taylor. While on the road for her first tour date in Glendale, AZ, she stopped for a quick pic next to what looks like a 20-foot-tall cactus.Judging by her outfit, the old Taylor isn't dead after all. She wore a Taylor Swift favorite: a femme sundress, simple sandals, and a retro cat eye sunny that plays tribute to her winged-eyeliner days. If you're digging this look, I've got major news for you (and your bank account). Her leopard-print slides are from Steve Madden and they're only $60. Camilla Leopard Slides, $60, Steve MaddenSHOP HERENot into animal print? They come in nude, black, red, and brown, too. Shop every color here. Kelsey is the style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			And there's video footage. For the 2018 Met Gala, Kim Kardashian stuck to the theme, "Heavenly Bodies: Fashion and the Catholic Imagination," serving major body on the red carpet. She came through drippin' in a gold mesh Versace gown embellished with crystal crosses and diamond necklaces to match.Even though, Kim looked utterly fabulous, she had a pretty hilarious wardrobe malfunction at the party. On Snapchat, the KUWTK star shared that her chainmail dress got caught on basically every gauzy gown she passed. Here's a clip of her stuck to SZA's pink tulle.  Stick To Sza @kimkardashian #kimkardashianA post shared by  KIM K x KYLIE (@kimkxkylie) on May 7, 2018 at 9:57pm PDTI wonder how many ball gowns were destroyed because of Kim Kardashian?  Kelsey is the style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The slayage is unreal. After hours, your favorite celebs continued to serve Heavenly Bodyyyy. Check out all the most fire looks for the 2018 Met Gala after-parties. More: Kendall Jenner Totally Stole Kim Kardashian's Met Gala Outfit From Last YearMore: Zendaya Legit Wore a Suit of Armor on the Met Gala Red CarpetMore: The Moment Hailey Baldwin and Shawn Mendes Confirmed Their Relationship at the Met Gala		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's totally on theme! As you probably already know, Selena Gomez is an ambassador for Coach, and so it was only natural that she wore a white Coach dress to the 2018 Met Gala. This year, the theme was "Heavenly Bodies: Fashion and the Catholic Imagination," and the stunning sheer gown matched perfectly. However, the best part of her whole look was the cream Kisslock Frame bag, which featured Selena’s favorite quote from scripture. According to People, it says, "A woman who fears the lord is a woman who shall be praised." Before the event, Selena recorded a brief video for her fans, giving them a close up of her glittery makeup look, which you can see, below. IG | coach via instagram stories: #MetGala https://t.co/7TrT5PCNpjNow remember, this actually isn't the first time Selena has worn Coach to the major fashion event. Last year, she wore a Coach slip dress and was accompanied by her then-boyfriend The Weeknd. How time flies, right?! Still, the great thing about both of Selena's looks is that they're classic, timeless. But in other Met Gala news, Selena had a surprise reunion with an old friend. While she walked the red carpet, Sel actually snapped a pic with Kylie Jenner.Interesting enough, Selena reportedly cut ties with Kylie and Kendall in 2014, shortly after Coachella. According to a TMZ source, she associated them with "the trappings of Hollywood excess -- drugs, booze, drama -- and she considers them a distraction from her real passion ... music."Past drama aside, they now look very happy and should be because they're both at one of fashion's biggest events!Victoria Rodriguez is a fellow at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Twitter and Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Oh and she's rocking a orange lob. Don't come for Zendaya tonight, because  she's already prepped for battle. The Greatest Showman actress stepped onto the Met Gala red carpet wearing a suit of armor and literally dripping in silver chains. Her look included a plated shoulder piece, a studded metal belt, and a full train made entirely of silver beading that looks just like chainmail. Last year, Z embraced texture with a massive afro, but for 2018, she went for a bold orange bob. Well, I've got my vote for best dressed. Kelsey is the style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's her first red carpet appearance since giving birth. The Met Gala red carpet is currently on FIRE, because Kylie Jenner just rolled up serving... underwear. Not kidding. The new mom and her baby daddy Travis Scott attended the annual ball wearing matching all-black outfits and flaunting major PDA. Kylie went next-level extra in a satin bra and flowing skirt, accessorizing with a pair of rhinestone-covered sunglasses that she literally can't even see out of. Tonight marks Kylie's first red carpet appearance since giving birth to her daughter Stormi in February. Kelsey is the style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Twinning!At the 2018 Met Gala, Kendall Jenner floated down the red carpet like a human cloud.She opted for an all-white jumpsuit with a gauzy off-the-shoulder sash that looks like *heaven*. Oh, and did I mention each of her pant legs had a train? A PANTS TRAIN.Her pant legs weren't the only things trailing behind her, Kenny switched up her hair game big time, clipping in some Kim Kardashian-length hair extensions. Ponytail aside, this look is serving Kim vibes for a whole other reason: she actually wore an almost identical look to the Met Gala last year. Classic sister move – always raiding each other's closets. Kelsey is the style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			So angelic. Queen Ari is back, y'all! Just after dropping her new song "No Tears Left to Cry," Ariana Grande has attended her very first Met Gala wearing a painting – literally. She totally rocked this year's religious theme in a flowing Vera Wang gown printed with Michelangelo's famous painting "The Last Judgement" from the Sistine Chapel. When Aria commits to a theme, she goes all-in. The singer even transformed her iconic Long Pony™ into a flowing golden bow. Throw her on top of a Christmas tree, because this girl is an ANGEL. Kelsey is the style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			See Taylor Swift back in 2008!Every year, stars turn it out for the best night in fashion: the Met Gala. They go over-the-top to rep the exhibit's theme and some of the transformations are legit mind-blowing. Here are all the craziest looks your favorite celebs have worn to the Met Ball. Since 2008, Taylor's gone from curly-haired country to classic beauty to edgy cyberpunk. Z went for a totally different look this year, and pulled it off flawlessly. Even back in 2011 at just 14-years-old, Hailee was one of the gala's best dressed. The model loves black, but this year, Bella went more glam with a longer gown.  The Scream Queens star loves to switch up her look, including her hair color. Queen Bey has a look for sure, but we love how she manages to keep it fresh and new. Last year was all about looking pretty, and this year, Gigi was entirely badass. Zoe reinvents herself every year — this time, with a gorge mask. Kendall favors long gowns with major cut-outs. Bleached brows took Kim's look to a whole new level this year. Katy loves a theme and she always dresses perfectly for it. This year's tech-y look was no different. Since 2010, we can count on KStew to deliver just the right amount of edge. While purple is beautiful, Mindy is a vision in white. Hailey's blonde hair gave her look a whole new vibe. We love how Chloe never wears her hair the same exact way.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			FIRE.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			They are great for layering!There's nothing more frustrating that trying to dress for the spring season! Some days it's too warm, and other days it feels a lot like winter. Here are 18 super cute spring jackets, perfect for any style and all types of weather. Vero Moda Floral Blazer, $48, AsosSHOP HEREI mean, is it really spring if you're not wearing florals?More: Pair Your New Jacket With These Cute Spring OutfitsDrapey Vented Blazer, $23, Forever 21SHOP HEREIf you're tired of your business casual blazer, swap it for this super colorful piece. Karlie Kloss Easy Fit Blazer, $61, ExpressSHOP HEREThe best part about a white blazer? It goes with everything!BDG '80s Denim Trucker Jacket, $60, Urban OutfittersSHOP HEREThis dark wash is a quick way to transform your look. Mountain Chalet Medium Wash Denim Shearling Jacket, $66, LulusSHOP HERETake your denim on denim outfit to the next level with this iconic jacket. AE Destroyed Hoodie Denim Jacket, $40, American Eagle SHOP HEREThis distressed jacket will give you the edgy vibes you've always wanted. Bomber Jacket with Lacing, $60, H & MSHOP HEREIf you're looking for something with an interesting back, this jacket is a great option. Who What Wear Varsity Bomber Jacket, $45, TargetSHOP HEREWhether you want to rock some school spirit or just look really cool, this varsity style bomber jacket is the way to go. Cute But Psycho Bomber Jacket, $30, Rue 21SHOP HERELOL! This jacket could basically be your new Twitter bio. Floral Bomber Jacket, $20, AéropostaleSHOP HEREThis bomber jacket is a subtle way to incorporate florals into your outfit. Silver Metallic Snake Biker Jacket, $43, MissguidedSHOP HERESeriously, you need this jacket in your life ASAP. Sueded-Knit Moto Jacket for Women, $60, Old Navy SHOP HEREThrow on any shade of pink and you'll instantly look chic.Jade Vegan Leather Biker Jacket, $69, BoohooSHOP HEREIf your a Jughead Jones fan, this biker jacket is perfect! UO Jamie Metallic Patent Rain Coat, $50, SpringSHOP HEREThis metallic raincoat is the ultimate statement piece. Liz Claiborne Belted Raincoat, $60, JCPenneySHOP HEREDon't let the rain ruin your style! Opt for a fitted raincoat like this one. Hooded Rain Mac Jacket, $95, TopshopSHOP HEREIf you're trying to stay away from pastel colors, forest green is definitely a color you'll want to try. Grand Entrance Trench Coat, $48, RevolveSHOP HEREThis black, belted trench coat would look amazing with a basic white tee. Ten Sixty Sherman Gingham Trench Coat, $69, Nordstrom SHOP HEREHonestly, the gingham trend is the best part about spring fashion. Need outfit inspo? Here's five cute AF ways to wear your go-to denim jacket. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			NEED THIS. After renting out an entire amusement park for her boyfriend Travis Scott's 26th birthday, Kylie Jenner flew to the tropics to celebrate their daughter's three month birthday. Mama Ky posed with baby Stormi in matching all-white beach 'fits (wearing her "baby mama" necklace, of course) and suddenly, I cannot live another second without a pure-white bikini. If you're living for her adorable two-piece, I have good news. No, they're not giving it away free, like that viral red Instagram swimsuit, but it is currently available online. The set is from the brand L*SPACE and it's somehow still in stock from sizes XS-L. The best part? Each piece is less than $100. Naomi Bikini Top, $95, Revolve; Stevie Bikini Bottom, $88, RevolveSHOP HERE*Adds to shopping cart.* Am I Kylie Jenner yet? Kelsey is the style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You don't have to post on Instagram this time. (Thank god.)For one day last May, your entire Instagram feed was this one single photo reposted to infinity:Swimwear company Sunny Co Clothing broke the internet in 2017 when they promised to give a $65 one-piece free to anyone who reposted the above photo and tagged them. They ended up drowning in hundreds of thousands of orders, resulting in a submission cap and some pretty hilarious memes.The owner of Sunny Co Clothing rn: pic.twitter.com/wXP7KWNQNgY'all gonna be pulling up to the beach like this in your sunny co clothing bathing suit 😂 pic.twitter.com/bhEOjAyYSCSunny Co Clothing when its time to hand out those bathing suits pic.twitter.com/fQJV9dmtvuSunny Co Clothing's marketing team today: pic.twitter.com/kvdbwsrEanNow that summer 2018 is upon us, Sunny Co is back at it again and this time, they're going even bigger than before. They returned to Instagram to announce that their followers will once again get the Pamela Sunny Suit free of charge (well, except shipping and handling) if they share the pic within 24 hours. History repeated itself. Instagram blew up with pics, while Twitter blew up with memes. sunny co clothing is doing another free red bathing suit giveaway on instagram pic.twitter.com/IMiV6c8abbSunny co clothing is back at it again 😹 let’s see if they fr this year pic.twitter.com/qzG6PdGmK2Sunny Co Clothing after scamming America for free advertisement for a red bathing suit pic.twitter.com/GYRC8cCnL6Sunny Co isn't stopping there, though. Last night, they announced that they're giving everyone the free suit, even if you don't share the image. Just enter code "Pamela" at checkout.So go forth, basic beaches, and claim your red swimsuit. Kelsey is the style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram! 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			WARNING: Major 2000s vibes ahead! RIP, puffer coat – it's time for dresses, shorts, and strappy sandals. While you daydream about summer break, get some closet inspo from your favorite celebs. Here's how Kim Kardashian, Shay Mitchell, Selena Gomez, and all your style icons get dressed for summer. Prepare yourself for the "I can't see your legs," jokes because camouflage is officially back. The military print gives total cool-girl vibes and thrift stores are full of cheap finds so you won't spend major $$$. Snag a pair of high-rise pants, then crop them to bermuda length, like Kim Kardashian. (Nipples optional.)Crank up the heat in a form-fitting black mini. Wear it over a swimsuit at the beach or dressed-up for date night – it's perfect for literally any summer activity. Add white sneakers and a funky denim jacket to tone down the dressed-up look. Once the temp hits 70, everyone will be copying Selena's grandma-chic uniform. She's had a vintage-y button-up dress, white sneakers, and a crisp red lip on repeat for months. Add on some edgy gold chains to your look to keep it from looking too sweet. Piling on blues is the easiest way to get that effortless cool-girl look. Add your go-to white tee and punches of red to dupe Hailey Baldwin's Instagrammable 'fit.More: 5 Totally Unique Ways to Wear Denim on DenimOff-the-shoulder tops have gotten a major update since 2017. For Coachella, tiny crop tops with major sleeves took over – perfect for taking on that summer heat. Shay rocked hers with white cut-offs and matching black accessories. Set off a breezy summer dress with throwback '00s details. Kendall Jenner added pops to her pure white ensemble with massive hoops, a tiny bag, and retro red sunnies – basically the entire contents of your local vintage shop (or your mom's closet).Long shorts are back and everyone from Miley Cyrus to Kim Kardashian is wearing them nonstop. They're just as comfy as your go-to leggings, plus they'll actually pass a school dress code. Gigi Hadid proves that matchy-matchy is actually pretty freakin' chic. She paired her two-piece set with a matching yellow sweater and somehow looked so glam. If Gigi's bold, bright look is a bit much for you, try a neutral hue like white or taupe. Add details like a printed shoe or a red lip to keep your one-color 'fit from blending together. You favorite jeans are on pause until next fall, but you can still rock a cute all-denim look. Go for a funky patched mini dress and pair it with western accessories, like cowboy boots and a statement belt. Reuse that pastel Easter dress you've only worn once Emma Roberts-style. Her ultra preppy midi requires laid-back accessories, like a denim jacket, and chill shades. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Shocker: they're already selling out. Disney just got a little more magical!In honor of Pride month, Disney Parks has released rainbow Mickey Mouse ears at Disneyland and Walt Disney World. Of course, Disney fans are in full panic mode and the technicolor ears are already selling out. June hasn't even begun yet! These headpieces are the cutest thing to hit the parks since the rose gold sequin sets that basically broke the internet, but they also have a very important message. Stamped across the front of each hat is two little Mickey hands making a heart filled with rainbow stripes – love is love. Unfortunately, the Pride ears aren't available online, so you'll have to take a trip to the closest Disney theme park to snag a pair. In the meantime, shop the cutest ears you can buy online below. Rose Gold Minnie Mouse Ears, $25, ShopDisneySHOP HEREPolka-Dot Sequin Minnie Mouse Ears, $25, ShopDisneySHOP HERECakeworthy Minnie Mouse Electric Ears Hat, $24, ShopDisneySHOP HERESilver Minnie Mouse Ears, $25, ShopDisneySHOP HEREKelsey is the style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Of course, there's glitter on everything. Your favorite Chuck Taylors have officially gotten the Miley treatment – AKA, they've now got massive platforms and are covered in glitter. The new Miley Cyrus x Converse collab just dropped today and it goes far outside the lines of a typical celeb shoe collection. It includes everything from funky athleisure and sparkly pink hats to three-inch bandana-printed high-tops. When she was designing the line, Miley had one thing in mind: "No age, no gender, no sex — I wanted everyone to feel included," she told Nike. "I definitely had my fans in mind and in my heart when I was creating," she continued. "I put what they love about me and what I love about them into the design."Low key, I'm a little sad there was no Last Song reference, but you can't have everything, right? Shop the entire collection here and check out our faves below. Converse x Miley Cyrus High-Top Chuck Taylor, $70, NikeSHOP HEREConverse x Miley Cyrus Bandana Bra, $45, NikeSHOP HEREConverse x Miley Cyrus Chuck Taylor All Star Platform, $95, NikeSHOP HEREConverse x Miley Cyrus Bandana Track Pullover, $75, ConverseSHOP HEREConverse x Miley Cyrus Mini Backpack, $65, NikeSHOP HEREConverse x Miley Cyrus Chuck Taylor Lift Low Top, $75, Nike SHOP HEREKelsey is the style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"A lot of parents got upset that I won in a dress."On April 21, the Powdersville High School dubbed two students prom king and queen – and just like any other year, the crowd went wild. The prom queen flounced up in a sequin-covered ballgown to accept her crown, followed by the prom king, looking just as fabulous in a lace crop top and velvet skirt. 18-year-old Adam Bell did not see the win coming, but according to the hs senior, he won in a 49% landslide. He wore a $50 Victoria's Secret bustier, a $135 velvet skirt from House of CB, and a wig by queen Nikita Dragun – and tbh, no one was surprised. Adam gets just as glammed-out for homeroom as he did for prom night. ✨Prom 2018✨ #promkingA post shared by  Adam Gregory (@artofadamgregory) on Apr 21, 2018 at 4:14pm PDT"My school has seen this from me everyday so it’s nothing new to them," Adam told Seventeen.com. "However, every now and then when I step out into a new place, I do get double takes – probably because I live in the south."The school showed their support by posting a photo of the 2018 king and queen on their Instagram and Facebook, but then the trolls started rolling in. Cue Taylor Swift's "This is Why We Can't Have Nice Things."The backlash got to be so bad, that the school was forced to take the photos down and delete their Facebook to protect the students. Even sadder: some of the hate came from the parents of his classmates. "A lot of the parents got upset that I won in a dress... I don’t know any of the parents personally, but I do know their kids and I consider them to be great people," Adam explained. "It’s so nice seeing kids stand up to their parents in a situation like this... Pretty much all my classmates, and some people I don’t even know, jumped straight in and defended me." •Not only did I win prom king but I had a pretty b(RAD) date • thank you so much to everyone that voted me I had absolutely no idea and I never expected this many people to not only accept me but embrace me I love you all! My senior year has been the best and I’ve acquired some pretty great friends. #promkingA post shared by  Adam Gregory (@artofadamgregory) on Apr 22, 2018 at 6:22pm PDTEven with all that drama, Adam says he won't let the negativity shake him – honestly, he could care less."Some of the words were hard to hear from people I don’t even know, but I actually received more love than hate, so my heart was beyond full with happiness... Clearly I do as I feel and don’t care about the hate, so I’m not going to subject myself to their words."Kelsey is the style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Warning: this gallery includes excessive amounts of gingham. Whether you'll be posted up poolside all summer long or working 9-5 every day at the mall, these super cute minis are a must. Show off your break style in these cheap (but majorly cute) summer dresses. Lace-Up Striped Summer Dress, $50, American EagleSHOP HEREPlus Size Floral Print Shirt Dress, $16, Forever 21SHOP HERETie-Front Gingham Mini Dress, $59, Urban OutfittersSHOP HEREPlus Size Striped Wrap Dress, $16, Forever 21SHOP HEREFloral Cut-Out Wrap Dress, $60, ExpressSHOP HEREEmbroidered Gingham Off Shoulder Skater Dress, $51, TorridSHOP HEREOff The Shoulder Smocked Bodice Dress, $60, ExpressSHOP HEREPlus Size Polka Dot Tie Front Flared Dress, $30, Deb ShopsSHOP HERETextured Plaid Babydoll Dress, $59, Urban OutfittersSHOP HEREBaby Pink Dickies Overall Dress, $59, Urban OutfittersSHOP HEREStriped Ruffle T-Shirt Dress, $46, MangoSHOP HEREOff-the-Shoulder Daisy Summer Dress, $98, Endless SummerSHOP HEREDestroyer Black Knit to Woven Skater Dress, $45, TorridSHOP HEREStripe Cutout Fit And Flare Dress, $60, ExpressSHOP HEREThe Edit By Seventeen Lace Trim Corset Dress, $59, Macy'sSHOP HEREVarsity Patch Polo Dress, $50, HollisterSHOP HEREBlack Fishnet Overlay & White Knit Bodycon T-Shirt Dress, $49, TorridSHOP HERECoral Tie-Dye Dress, $40, PacSunSHOP HEREStriped Cold-Shoulder Dress, $80, MangoSHOP HERE		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Graduating never looked so good!You studied hard for that diploma, but let's be honest – your cap and gown aren't exactly the most 'grammable things in your closet. Step up your graduation day OOTD with these super cute dresses that'll go perfectly with that little square hat. Off-the-Shoulder Tropical Print Midi Dress, $30, Nasty GalSHOP HEREPlus Size Pleated Mini Dress, $72, ASOSSHOP HERELace-Up Back Chiffon Dress, $40, Deb ShopsSHOP HEREOne-Shoulder Yellow Ruffle Dress, $28, TargetSHOP HERECrochet Wide Sleeve Dress, $69, BoohooSHOP HEREFloral Print Dress, $50, ZaraSHOP HEREPlus Size Sea Creature Sheer Dress, $69, TorridSHOP HEREGingham Off The Shoulder Shift Dress, $70, ExpressSHOP HEREEmbroidered Lace Dress, $40, TargetSHOP HEREWhite Ruffle Cold-Shoulder Dress, $60, MangoSHOP HEREPlus Size Chinoiserie Mini Dress, $76, ASOSSHOP HEREEmerald One-Shoulder Eyelet Dress, $80, MangoSHOP HEREEmbroidered Mini Slip Dress, $95, TopshopSHOP HEREFloral Ruffle Wrap Cami Dress, $60, ExpressSHOP HEREThe Edit By Seventeen Gingham One-Shoulder Dress, $59, Macy'sSHOP HERECrochet Midi Dress, $60, Nasty GalSHOP HEREPink and Black Lace Dress, $125, TopshopSHOP HERE Charlotte Cream Embroidered Floral Shift Dress, $44, TobiSHOP HEREFit and Flare Plus-Size Cami Dress, $44, Old NavySHOP HERE Blue Lace Button Details Frill Hem Dress, $34, MissguidedSHOP HEREPlus Size Smocked Dress, $48, Forever 21SHOP HEREPlus Size White Lace Cold Shoulder Dress, $69, TorridSHOP HERE		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Two degrees hotter (one for the degree, one for the dress). When you get up to *finally* accept your diploma on stage (congrats, btw!), remember that the aisle is basically a runway. Look your most fab in these super cute outfits that are perfect for graduation day. Stand out in a sea of floral sundresses in a fiery statment color. Throw on black and white heels for a cool contrast, then finish with a red lip and matching frames. Clockwise: Red Lace Dress (Similar), $72, Lulu's; Red Frame Sunglasses (Similar), $15, Icing; Gingham Sandals, $48, Francesca's A girly blush dress is a classic piece you won't regret when you look back on grad pics. Dress it up with crystal-studded accessories and a simple taupe clutch. Clockwise: Blush Ruffled Mini Dress, $49, Simply Dresses; Crystal Bib Necklace, $26, Wink of Pink; Crisscross Stone Ankle Strap Sandals, $28, Express; Patent Leather Nude Clutch, $20, Claire's; Confidence Bouquet, $50, The Bouqs Co.No matter what outfit you decide on, that cap is the most important accessory on graduation day. Put it on full display by matching your dress to your DIY. Clockwise: Light Blue Lace Midi Dress (Similar), $64, Metisu; Primrose Floral Statement Necklace, $28, Francesca's; Watercolor Paper Flowers, $5, Michael's; Lavender Platform Heels, $36, Nasty Gal Pump up a super girly grad dress with embellished accessories that make a statement. If you're feeling extra ~extra~, go for add-ons in a contrasting shade to make the details pop. Clockwise: A-line Lace Dress, $69, Simply Dresses; Blue Floral Statement Necklace, $32, Francesca's; Embellished Navy Platform Heels, $100, Chinese Laundry; Clear Embellished Crossbody Bag, $78, Steve Madden A simple black dress is the perfect look for any event – unless it's graduation day and your gown also happens to be black. Keep your dark dress from blending in by picking an LBD with colorful embroidery. Add heels in a bright color to break up the black-on-black. Clockwise: Embroidered Lace Trumpet Dress, $24, Nasty Gal; Embellished Velvet Platform Sandal, $33, 6pm; Mini Glitter Crossbody Bag, $20, IcingIf you're scared of tripping in heels in front of the entire audience, go for a platform sandal. They look just as dressy, but are super easy to walk in – and pair perfectly with a sweet floral mini. Clockwise: Red Floral Summer Dress, $24, Nasty Gal; Platform Espadrille Sandals, $90, Express; Fold-Over Crossbody Bag, $50, Express; Round Gold Frame Sunglasses, $15, Icing		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Leave your school T-shirt at home, people.The first day on your new college campus might be one of the most terrifying experiences of your life so far. Even though it's a small thing, wearing an awesome outfit will make you feel so much more confident rolling into your first class. It's not rocket science (unlike your 8 am), but here are a few tips: don't wear heels to a frat party, leggings do NOT count as professional dress no matter how cute your top is, and rocking a brand new school tee the first week screams 'freshman.' Once you get past all that, it's basically just dressing cute and comfortable – because you'll probably be walking all the way across campus to get to class. Whether you're looking for preppy dress inspo, or new ways to wear your favorite pair of sweats, there's a fabulous outfit on this list for you. Here are some super stylish, but still chill first day of college outfits that will help you totally kick ass. A big sleeve was big last fall and it's getting even BIGGER this time around (literally). Upgrade your simple white top with a major sleeve moment and you'll be getting compliments all around campus. What you'll need: Long Sleeve Top, $148, Reformation SHOP NOWKeep the retro vibes of summer going all the way through fall with a vintage-inspired floral blouse. Pair it with a wide leg pant for an authentically 1970 look. What you'll need: Floral top, $160, C/Meo Collective SHOP NOWWhen your heart says "fall," but the weather says "SUMMER." Opt for light layers that still look autumnal, like faux leather shorts, white booties, and brown-tinted shades.What you'll need: Leather skirt, $180, cupcakes and cashmereSHOP NOW A bright matching set will make you look put together no matter how late you stayed up last night. What you'll need: Denim jacket and skirt set, $43, Nasty GalSHOP NOWA pink-tinted denim set is all you need on the first day of school, but add on a holo fanny and you've got a look that will kill. What you'll need: Pink Tinted Jeans, $103, rag & boneSHOP NOWYour favorite weekend dress can do double duty for class. Just throw on sneakers and hoops for a toned-down look that still slays.What you'll need: Black Ribbed Dress, $15, Forever 21SHOP NOWConsidering school starts when it's basically still summer, you'll want to keep your outfit as cool as possible. Throw a denim jacket over this cute midi dress or tie it around your waist for class. What you'll need: Striped midi dress, $57, LulusSHOP NOWThis look means business. Wear these strappy pants with a button down for presentations, job interviews, and beyond.What you'll need: Jumpsuit, $28, Fashion NovaSHOP NOWFor days when you just don't feel like picking out an outfit, throw a blazer on over your comfiest jeans and you'll instantly look ready for your next class. What you'll need: Blazer, $60, Abercrombie & FitchSHOP NOWKhaki joggers have become a streetwear basic, but they can double as a part of your internship wardrobe with two simple steps. 1. Throw on a feminine white blouse, 2. Matching taupe heels. Done!What you'll need: Tan Joggers, $36, GapSHOP NOWRunning late to class but still want to look good? This matching sweatsuit has your name all over it. Finish off the look with a top knot and XL hoops for a touch of polish.What you'll need: Grey Hoodie, $60, AdidasSHOP NOW College isn't just party dresses and Lululemon leggings. For a presentation, internship, or Greek function, this bold suit set screams college professional. What you'll need: Red Blazer, $55, PrettyLittleThingSHOP NOW This highlighter dress is perfect for a non-stop day when you literally don't have time to change. Wear it with a sneaker for class, then slip on a pair of pumps and pop on a bright lip for date night afterward.What you'll need: Yellow Lace Dress, $62, LulusSHOP NOWBring summer 2019's favorite trend, the white tank, into fall by pairing it up with checked trousers and lug-sole combat boots.What you'll need: Plaid Pants, $80, Express SHOP NOWDress up a simple outfit with a vintage-inspired statement belt. Any college outfit can go from zero to 100 in two seconds with a fashion-y belt.What you'll need: Buckle Belt, $41, Rebecca MinkoffSHOP NOWCollege is one big game of How Can I Look Cute Without Looking Like I'm Trying to Look Cute? Master it by adding fashion-y accessories to your favorite pieces. Ugly-cute boots, sparkly statement earrings, and a printed bag turn a top and jeans into a badass outfit.  What you'll need: Drop Earrings, $31, 8 Other ReasonsSHOP NOWIf Coachella isn't on your radar, this chill look is perfect for a summer darty (college lingo for daytime party). A light-weight cami looks chic af, but most importantly, the thin material is easy to clean when someone inevitably spills their drink on you. Pair it with sneakers and a fanny pack to hold your necessities. What you'll need: Pink Lace Cami, $10, BoohooSHOP NOWEveryone is wearing flirty tied tops this summer, for the same reason you should rock one at school: they're laid back, but still party-perfect. Throw on your favorite jeans with it and gold accessories for your next night out. What you'll need: Tie Front Crop Top, $44, SuperdownSHOP NOWWhen you're feeling fabulous and lazy throw on a pair of crisp trousers, then tone them down with a white tee and sneakers. Wear a matching blazer like Zendaya if you need to look dressy for a presentation. Related: 7 Super Comfy Lazy Day Outfits to Wear When You Just Can'tWhat you'll need: Trousers, $40, MangoSHOP NOWUp late partying studying? Throw on your go-to T-shirt, high-rise jeans, and sneakers – then, dress it up with a touch of sparkle at the neck. A rhinestone-covered statement necklace will pull your entire look together, trust. What you'll need: White Crew Neck, $20, MadewellSHOP NOWOn the first day of your first 8 am class, you'll probably get up early, do your hair, and pick a cute outfit. But every single class after that, you'll roll out of bed and head out in sweats. Trendy athleisure pieces like leggings with cutouts and quilted bomber jackets will make you look put together, even if you're falling asleep at your desk. What you'll need: Quilted Bomber, $128, Lulu LemonSHOP NOWIn the winter, those long walks across campus will really put a damper on your style. Pleather pants tend to be super warm and they just happen to make you look Kylie Jenner-level chic. Wear them with your favorite oversize tee and sneakers for class. What you'll need: Faux Leather Pants, $13, H&MSHOP NOWShay's outfit is perfect for any party/dinner/night out college life throws at you. Tie a bright jacket around a T-shirt dress literally just because it looks cool, then add boots and statement earrings. A swipe of crimson on the lips makes it look like you actually tried, even if you didn't. What you'll need: Graphic Tee, $40, Junk FoodSHOP NOWBlush might be basic with a capital B, but every girl should still own something in the color. It literally goes with everything. Pair the neutral hue with taupe, white, denim, gold – pretty much anything. What you'll need: Pink Moto Jacket, $108, BB DakotaSHOP NOWYour college wardrobe shouldn't just be Going Out Clothes™ and sweatpants. You'll need dressy clothes for internship interviews, job fairs, sorority functions, and class presentations (yep, they'll doc points if you show up in jeans). A pair of sleek plaid trousers can go with a simple sweater and heels for class or with a crop top/sneakers for chill time on campus. What You'll Need: Plaid pants, $30, H&MSHOP NOW		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			FREE BLEED, MY SISTERS!Think about it: women have been menstruating literally since the dawn of man, but aside from winged pads and the DivaCup (bless), there really hasn't been much innovating when it comes to that time of the month.But this women-owned company has designed a line of underwear that could totally change your period game. They're called Thinx — panties designed for your period. They're moisture-wicking, anti-microbial, absorbent, and leak-resistant, so you'll never soak through your undies again. White skirts FTW! Cotton Bikini, $32, ThinxSHOP HEREThinx were legit invented for those days when you *think* your period is coming, but you don't want to waste a tampon – just throw them right in the wash!You can get them in basically any style you want and each pair holds 1/2 to two tampons worth of menstrual blood, depending on the style. Thong, $24, ThinxSHOP HEREThese little babies can actually replace your blood-catching method of choice for light days, but are better as a backup if Aunt Flow is comin' in strong. So do your underwear drawer a favor and shop their cutest panties below. Hi-Waist, $38, ThinxSHOP HERESport, $32, ThinxSHOP HERECotton Briefs, $34, ThinxSHOP HERE		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Go ahead, sis. Kim Kardashian has certainly trained her sisters well in the art of super flattering butt poses. Her little sis Kendall Jenner posted an undeniable thirst trap on Instagram, showing off her bootay while laying in a field of flowers, cloaked in a leopard print thong. She captioned the buttfie "keeping my feelings low key," to which Kim replied in the comments "good caption." Lolz.The barely-there bottoms are from her new Kendall + Kylie collection with Revolve, which comes includes a ton of other adorable swimsuits (most of which have more butt coverage, don't worry). Kendall + Kylie High Leg Bikini Bottom, $68, RevolveSHOP HEREKendall's gram wasn't only filled with butts this weekend — she also posted adorable pics from weekend two at Coachella.Kelsey is the style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Plus, her favorite $9 accessory.My wardrobe is forever indebted to Kylie Jenner (figuratively speaking), because homegirl keeps wearing clothes I can *actually* afford. First she rocked an adorable $18 romper at Coachella and now her ENTIRE OUTFIT is super cheap. Kylie posted up on Insta wearing a skin-tight T-shirt dress that – per usual – showed off the bootay and some sunnies from her new collection with Revolve.  Now, get ready for the bargains. Her dress is from Naked Wardrobe and only costs $38. The shades – which totally make the outfit, btw – are $58 and still available online.The 'fit also showed off her new favorite spring accessory: $9 men's socks from Hanes. She's been rocking them non-stop lately and they also made an appearance in her wonderfully extra all-Fendi look from earlier this month. You know, when she matched her entire outfit to Stormi's stroller? stormi strolls 🤑A post shared by  Kylie ♥️ (@kyliejenner) on Apr 12, 2018 at 5:22pm PDTIn total, her entire outfit costs $105 – well, apart from the designer jewelry. Shop her look below. Mini T Dress, $38, Naked WardrobeSHOP HEREKendall + Kylie Vivan Sunglasses, $58, RevolveSHOP HEREHanes 8 Pack Crew Socks, $9, TargetSHOP HEREKelsey is the style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Meet your dream (cheap) prom dress. These bargain dresses are just as *fabulous* as the $400 versions you see in magazines – but for only $100. Here are the cutest short cheap prom dresses that will make you feel SO glam. Clockwise: Asymmetrical Mini Dress With Ruffles, $76, ASOS; Pearl Statement Necklace, $10, Icing; Rhinestone Buckle Hip And Waist Belt, $23, ASOS; Chandelier Statement Necklace, $8, Icing; As If! Sunglasses (Similar), $65, Quay Australia; Crystal Clutch, $40, David's Bridal; Silver Embellished Heels, $52, ASOSClockwise: Beaded Waist Fit-and-Flare Homecoming Dress, $99, PromGirl; Mandy Striped Heel, $79, Betsey Johnson; Crystal Fringe Clutch, $88, Guess?; Heart Sunglasses, $8, ALDO; Cherry Earrings, $36, ban.doClockwise: Blush Faux Suede Floral Embroidered Moto Jacket, $30, Love Culture; Rose Gold Sequin Dress, $56, Lulu's; Blush Feather Crossbody Bag, $48, Nordstrom; Blush Faux Suede Studded Heels, $21,JustFabClockwise: Crop Top Disc Sequin Mini Dress, $60, ASOS; Single Rose, B Floral; Sleeping Beauty Lips Crossbody, $58, Home Shopping Network; Pink Striped Metallic Heels, $36, Lulu'sClockwise: Sequin Faux Leather Moto Jacket, $55, Love Culture; Festival Statement Necklace, $35, Guess?; Off-the-Shoulder Two-Piece Prom Dress, $99, PromGirl; Embroidered Platform Heels, $40, Chinese Laundry; Glitter Crossbody Bag, $13, DSW Clockwise: Blush Dress With Crochet Neckline, $99, PromGirl; Flower Leaf Statement Necklace, $35, Kohl's; Rose Gold Envelope Clutch, $25, Icing; Rose Gold Platform Heels, $35, Lulu'sClockwise: V-Neck Fit and Flare Dress, $99, PromGirl; Venice Oval Sunglasses, $10, Urban Outfitters; Embellished Statement Earrings, $20, ALDO; Silver Cap-Toe Pump, $20, JustFab; Crystal Body Jewelry, $50, David's Bridal; Crystal Clutch, $40, David's BridalWatch the looks in action!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Like an actual rock. Just like a beautiful butterfly, Selena Gomez has emerged from her breakup cocoon, more beautiful and stylish than ever. The singer made a rare red carpet appearance in honor of WE Day and attended the Cali event in a simple navy midi dress, burnt orange heels, and an always-glam matte red lip. You might have missed the craziest part of her outfit, though. Sel slung a $3k rock around her neck – and I don't mean a diamond, like she wore a literal rock. The necklace is from CVC Stones, a jewelry brand that turns random stones into diamond-studded pendants.  Deserted 🌵A post shared by  cvc stones (@cvcstones) on Apr 13, 2018 at 1:44pm PDTSince each stone is unique, Sel's bling is one-of-a-kind, but similar versions of her necklace sell for about $3,500. CVC Stones Flame Necklace, $3,560, Barneys New YorkSHOP HERESo her neck pebble is about the price of your car. Cool. Kelsey is the style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			This is the cutest. For the first weekend of Coachella, Kylie Jenner turned her Instagram into a rainbow-colored thirst trap filled with boob shots and form-fitting $18 rompers. She hit up the iconic fest with her boyfriend Travis Scott, bff Jordyn Woods, and big sis Kourtney Kardashian. The mini vacay marks the first time Kylie has taken a trip away from her daughter since giving birth to her in February. Even though she was partying in Coachella Valley, Kylie still had Stormi on the brain. Her 'Chella outfits included a super sweet hidden reference to her little girl. Look closely. She wore a necklace that said "baby mama" for Stormi and a Cactus Jack necklace, which is a reference to Travis' record label. She really isn't like a regular mom...Kelsey is the style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Here's where you can buy it. Kylie Jenner has two Coachella traditions: This year, she hit up Coachella weekend one with her boyfriend Travis Scott and kept all her style traditions going. She wore no less than three different wigs and a romper that costs less than my morning Starbucks order. Yup, mama slayed in a simple black strapless onesie from celeb favorite Fashion Nova and captioned the thirst trap with Cardi B lyrics, because duh. Her look only costs $18 and is somehow still available in every size (S-XL). Buenos Aires Romper, $17.99, Fashion NovaSHOP HEREIf you snag it now, you might get it in time for weekend two. Kelsey is the style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Mom goals.Along with the joys and wonder of getting to raise a beautiful baby girl, Kylie Jenner has found one other major bonus of motherhood: the accessories. The new mom went out for a "Stormi stroll," with her seven-month-old daughter and in a classic rich-person move, matched her entire designer outfit to her designer stroller. All. Fendi. Everything. stormi strolls 🤑A post shared by  Kylie ♥️ (@kyliejenner) on Apr 12, 2018 at 5:22pm PDTThat's a vintage Fendi logo dress with a matching vintage Fendi fanny pack, to go with her Fendi stroller. And is it a coincidence that her look also matches the totally casual MANSION chilling in the background? Now, you're probably wondering: how much does a tricked-out, shearling-lined designer stroller cost? Well, there's a similar version of Kylie's Fendi carriage online and it's a whopping $1,6000. Do you, Kylie. Kelsey is the style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's all in the accessories. Prom night is the one night you can forget the dress code (well, at some schools) and crank up the heat on your look. Two-piece dresses are the perfect trendy twist on a classic gown, so make a MAJOR statement with these adorable sets. From bold florals and ombre sequins to totally blinged-out embroidery, these short formal dresses are perfect for prom night. Here are all the cutest ways to wear your two-piece. Clockwise: Teal Scalloped Hem Two-Piece Dress, $358, Blossom's Bridal; Blue Mirrored Cat Eye Sunglasses, $15, Claire's; Velvet Embellished Heels, $72, ASOS; Light Blue Feather Crossbody Bag, $48, Nordstrom Clockwise: Floral Off-The-Shoulder Two-Piece A-Line Dress, $298, Rissy Roo's; Multicolored Metallic Block Heels, $36, Lulu's; Pink Rose, B Floral; Crystal Fringe Clutch, $88, Guess?; All My Love Ombre Sunglasses, $60, Quay Australia; Metal Ombre Flower Cat Ears, $10, Claire'sClockwise: Two-Piece Short Sherri Hill Beaded Dress, $298, PromGirl; Gold Bamboo Hoop Earrings (Similar), $9, Claire's; Heart Aviator Sunglasses, $15, American Eagle; Floral Wrist Cuff, B Floral; Gold Clutch, $48, Guess?; Metallic Gold Platform Heels, $80, Chinese LaundryClockwise: Pearl Statement Necklace, $28, BaubleBar; Two-Piece Sherri Hill Gold Embroidered Dress, $298, Blossom's Bridal; 3D Daisy Ankle Strap Chunky Heel Sandals, $80, David's Bridal; Danielle Nicole Princess Tiana Crossbody, $68, Home Shopping NetworkClockwise: Two-Piece Short Lace-Bodice Black Dress, $199, PromGirl; Pave Chain Necklace, $88, Guess?; Bow Heels, $60, ShoeDazzle; Studded Box Crossbody, $88, Betsey JohnsonClockwise: White Crystal Statement Necklace, $68, Betsey Johnson; Pastel Crystal Formal Necklace, $52, Betsey Johnson; Floral-Print Open-Back Two-Piece Homecoming Dress, $99, PromGirl; Daisy Cat Ears, $10, Claire's; Metallic Yellow Pointed-Toe Heels, $45, ASOSClockwise: Velvet Moto Jacket (Similar), $79, Bloomingdale's; Ellie Wilde Two-Piece Ombre Sequin Prom Dress, $398, Peaches Boutique; Black Studded Sunglasses, $17, Icing; Black Faux Fur Phone Case, $13, Icing; Gunmetal Glitter Platform Heels, $60, David's BridalWatch the dresses in action!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			And it's selling out FAST. Throw all your Coachella outfits out the window immediately (or just fold them up and put them back in your closet, whatever), because Kendall and Kylie Jenner have released an epic swimwear collection perfect for every music fest on your summer lineup. The two style icons teamed up with Revolve to answer all your beach-themed prayers with their majorly Instagramable collection filled with cut-outs, low-backs, and vibrant colors.  officially swim season 🔥👙☀️ @kendalljenner in @kendallandkylie classic bikini exclusively on revolve.com - link in bio to shop #revolvexkkswimA post shared by  REVOLVE (@revolve) on Apr 5, 2018 at 10:02am PDT Kendall + Kylie Swim  Exclusively @revolve SHOP 👙 NOW #revolvexkkswim (Link in bio)A post shared by  Kendall + Kylie (@kendallandkylie) on Jul 18, 2017 at 10:06am PDTMost styles in the Kendall + Kylie x Revolve line come in both a onesie  and two-piece, so you can steal that Jenner style no matter what type of swimsuit hoarder you are. Okay, enough with the chitchat. Let's get down to shopping, shall we? Here are all the cutest pieces (that haven't sold out yet).Kelsey is the senior style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Kick off summer with these style vibes.The unofficial start to summer (hello, Memorial Day!), or, at least summer clothes, is almost here. Get into the All-American spirit with pops of patriotic hues. Here, 10 cool picks from Amazon to slay your warm-weather game.These quirky shades are reason to break into a big wide grin. Bonus: The gradient lens mean they're light enough to wear inside if you want to be a little extra.Hot Lips Sunglasses, $28, Betsey JohnsonSHOP HEREA pair of retro shorts go way beyond gym class. Pair them with a long sleeve t-shirt in a contrasting color to rock a chilled-out '80's prep school kinda vibe. Sporty Stretch Short, $17, Hayden RoseSHOP HEREWhy not make going to school at least feel like going away? Leave your backpack at home and stuff your bio book in a canvas tote. This one's roomy enough for your laptop too. Shopping Tote Bag, $11, MirmaruSHOP HEREGet your shoe selfie on. Blue platforms basically = Insta likes. And these are surprisingly versatile—wear them with jeans, shorts, or dresses.Wedge Sandal, $180, SchutzSHOP HEREThe fedora has been cool since forever, but this one with  a nod to Americana *makes* any outfit. Don't be surprised if bae tries to steal it too.Linen Fedora, $79, CoolbarSHOP HEREJust because you haven't actually gone on summer vacation yet doesn't mean you can't act like a tourist. The graphic sweatshirt is on point anytime. Hooded Sweatshirt, $20, Hayden RoseSHOP HEREPick up bling that's feminist AF for you and your squad. And, mark your calendars—Girl Power Day is an actual thing; it's August 23. Girl Power Brooch, $,8, GudekeSHOP HEREMeet your new warm-weather uniform. Depending on what you wear over it, you can put this dress on repeat and no one will even notice you already wore it twice this week. From June to August, it basically becomes the *only* thing you want wear.Ruffle Mini Dress, $238, 9SeedSHOP HERE		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Trying this ASAP. In a shining moment of pure fashion genius, Zendaya has given us the hack we all have been waiting for: how to wear no pants in public without looking like you're wearing no pants in public. Recently, the Greatest Showman actress went through some old boxes of her grandpa's clothes she had in storage and snagged some awesome vintage finds.She wanted to rock one of granddad's button-ups, so she threw on a belt and some stackable bling and BAM – instant dress. She posted her hack on Instagram and now I'm ready to burn all my pants. So I went through my storage and found a bunch of my grandfathers old shirts...long story short expect to see a lot of cinched button up shirt dresses from me.A post shared by  Zendaya (@zendaya) on Apr 4, 2018 at 6:42pm PDTIt's not surprising that Z was into this look. Her clothing collection with Boohoo had a ton of similar dresses. Wanna steal the look? Shop them below. Zendaya Edit Pastel Stripe Longline Blazer, $45, BoohooSHOP HEREZendaya Edit Twist Front Cold Shoulder Smock Dress, $35, BoohooSHOP HEREZendaya Edit Stripe Trench Coat, $54, BoohooSHOP HEREKelsey is the style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Break all the big-night fashion rules. When it comes to the most *important* night of your high school career, reconsider the traditional attire of long princess gowns and sky-high heels. One styling trick that’ll definitely set you apart from your classmates? Pulling on a pair of Chucks. The comfy sneak will not only look cool, but will allow you to #slay on the dance floor (All. Night. Long.) And there are the colors—so many colors. Here, all the best ways to style the beloved sneaker for your big night out.If your goal is to look positively fierce (and of course it is) you're better off wearing anything but the norm. Think: sequined jumpsuits, mini mod dresses, and dressy pants—all paired with your sneaks.Amp up your shoe game by mixing and matching colors (because there are really no rules when it comes to wearing your Chucks). A simple sequin mini gets extra style points when paired with white and black high-tops and edgy white tiny sunglasses (which are still ~everything~ right now), and a classic lace dress gets a make-under when topped with a red moto jacket and a chic Parisian hat. Don't be afraid to mix and prints (and textures like sequins and leather), when shopping for your Prom look. Just be sure to leave plenty of time to try everything on! Punk vibes look super sweet when polka-dot details and all-red converse (plus matching colored socks) are added to the mix.REDValentino dress, $1150, redvalentino.com; Out From Under MJ bodysuit, $29, urbanoutfitters.com; REDValentino pleated shorts, $395, redvalentino.com; A-morir sunglasses, $380, a-morir.com; PRISCAVera mesh top, $184, priscavera.com; Jennifer Fisher hoops, $175, jenniferfisherjewelry.com; Illesteva sunglasses, $230, illesteva.com; Martine Ali bracelet, $125, martineali.com; Converse red hi sneakers, $55, journeys.com; Eugenia Kim beret, $195, eugeniakim.com; Illesteva sunglasses, $230, illesteva.com; Jennifer Fisher earrings, $395, jenniferfisherjewelry.com; Wolford tights, $35, wolfordshop.net; Converse lo platforms, $65, journeys.comMake a statement with a two-piece pantsuit in mint green (hint, pastel colors feel more Prom-worthy than pinstripes). Keep the look fun and up the glam factor by including prints and extra details—cheetah, a killer bow and pops of pink totally promify the 'suits are for work' stereotype. #killingit. SHOP SHOP SHOP SHOP SHOPPut a modern spin on Hollywood glam by wearing a sequined dress with its fashion polar-opposite—white high tops. Note the laces tied as bows above the ankle — genius. Plus, a ruffled mini dress gets major sophistication points when worn with long black dress gloves and black sneaks with ankle socks. A pro stylist's tip? Go crazy when shopping for socks! Look for prints, cool patterns, texture, and tons of glitter and sparkle.Converse white hi sneakers, $55, journeys.com; Gigi Burris headband, gigiburris.com; Wing & Weft gloves, wingweftgloves.com; Converse Lo Lux, $50, journeys.com; Free People socks, $10, freepeople.com; Jennifer Fisher earrings, $125, jenniferfisherjewelry.com; Martine Ali necklace, $650, martineali.com; Roxanne Assoulin choker, $120, roxanneassoulin.com; Aurate ring, $180, auratenewyork.com; Wing & Weft gloves, wingweftgloves.com; Venessa Arizaga bracelet, $175, venessaarizaga.com; A-morir sunglasses, a-morir.com; Lulu Frost barrette, lulufrost.com; Emilio Cavallini socks, $18, emiliocavallini.com; Converse lo platforms, $65, journeys.comWho doesn’t love a hot pink moment? Thigh-high slits showcase shades of fuchsia from head-to-toe and a monochromatic fashion moment is meta right now. Make sure to take your Chucks with you when shopping for our look, especially if a full color outfit is your thing. A floral two-piece set gets party-ready with purple sneaks, a pink tie knot headband and long jeweled earrings. Talk about a ~lewk~ to remember. Oh, and don’t forget prom night’s most important accessory — the corsage.Elizabeth & James gown, elizabethandjames.com; Erickson Beamon earrings, ericksonbeamonshop.com; Roxanne Assoulin bracelet set, $375, roxanneassoulin.com; Illesteva sunglasses, $220, illesteva.com; Edie Parker clutch, edie-parker.com; Converse hi sneakers, journeys.com; Jourden suit, jourden.co; Urban Outfitters headband, $14, urbanoutfitters.com; Roxanne Assoulin earrings, $180, roxanneassoulin.com; Staud bag, $250, staud.clothing; Converse purple hi sneakers, journeys.comGlitter. End of story. Whether it’s all over a jumpsuit, in pant form or on your feet — the glistening wonderfulness of sparkles can't be beat. The easiest way to amp-up your shoe game for prom (yet still staying comfortable) is by doing a little DIY-ing. Think back to middle-school art projects and bust out your bedazzler. Turn plain all-white high tops into a work of art with the simple addition of colorful gems and mixing in colored laces.Laurence & Chico dress, laurenceandchico.com; Greta Constantine bra, $395, gretaconstantine.com; Greta Constantine leggings, gretaconstantine.com; Shashi earrings, $36, shopshashi.com; Tuleste pom pom earrings, tuleste.com; Converse lo leather, $60, journeys.com; Self Portrait dress, self-portrait-studio.com; Tuleste pom pom earrings, $40, tuleste.com; Converse leather and studs lo tops, $70, journeys.com; Jennifer Fisher hoops, $585, jenniferfisherjewelry.com; Aurate circle ring, $650, auratenewyork.com; Planet i glasses, $85, we-are-planet-i.com; Edie Parker clutch, $1195, edie-parker.com; Converse hi sneakers, $55, journeys.comA long tulle skirt? Perfect for endless boomerangs that will move just as much as you do. The best part about ditching the whole idea of ‘wearing a dress that’ll only be seen once,’ is you can invest in something that you’ll actually wear outside the dance - like this star printed mini-dress. Talk about a win-win.REDValentino romper, $695, redvalentino.com; Tuleste pom pom earrings, $60, tuleste.comAnd for the after-party? Cozy up next to your gal pals in oh-so-adorable heart patterned tights or a chic silk set. When tulle is worn with a simple tee or white button-down it can really be an any-occasion ensemble. Cue, the ultimate Carrie Bradshaw moment. Patterned tights will help to amp up any look, and don't forget about a short suit! It's uber cute, easy to dance in, and still looks fancy enough for your special night. The trick is look for party-worthy colors (like this baby pink with a glimmering sheen) or high-shine effects. Trust us, the Converse for prom look will be an eternal style-statement that will last forever...on your Instagram feed.Martine Ali necklace, martineali.com; Aurate ring, $480, auratenewyork.com; Shashi studs, $36, shopshashi.com; Cynthia Rowley suit, cynthiarowley.com; Saks Potts blouse, $480, sakspotts.com; Eugenia Kim headband, $145, eugeniakim.com; Erickson Beamon earrings, ericksonbeamonshop.com; Converse hi sneakers, $55, journeys.com; Elizabeth & James shirt, elizabethandjames.us; Emilio Cavallini tights, $26, emiliocavallini.com; Shashi butterfly studs, $55, shopshashi.com; Converse lift lo tops, $65, journeys.com		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Here's where you can get them. Along with my Hogwarts letter, my invite to Selena Gomez's epic slumber party must have gotten lost in the mail. Let's look at the pictures together and wallow in our FOMO, shall we?The "Fetish" singer attended the cutest sleepover of all time, donning matching coral pajama sets with her friends Rebecca Walters, Theresa Mingus, and Paige Reed.They posted the adorable photographic evidence on Instagram. This matching moment is too much for my heart to handle, especially because their pjs are only $20. Apparently the girls took a group trip to Target. #Relatable. If you want to go next-level extra, shop Selena's look below, then photoshop yourself into the pic. Problem solved!Pajama Set Total Comfort, $20, TargetSHOP HEREKelsey is the style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Mind. Blown. Apparently every little detail of your favorite jeans has a ~secret~ purpose you never even thought about. Like that useless tiny pocket inside of your regular pocket (they held pocket watches, back when that was a thing) or those little silver buttons on your seams (rivets for reinforcement).Now, I've gotten to the bottom of one more denim mystery: that leather patch on the back of your jeans. Once upon a time, these little babies were made of leather and featured an embossed logo for the maker of the jeans. But now, brands mostly use faux leather patches made of paper. Even weirder: they actually have a name. They're called Jacrons. The Jacrons don't really have a purpose, apart from brand recognition. Since most jeans look pretty much the same, companies use your butt as a billboard to help potential shoppers identify the brand. Levi's was actually the first brand to do this, adding a leather patch to their riveted denim waist overalls back in 1873. A Levi's historian told Seventeen.com the patch was added to keep customers from accidentally buying fake jeans. "From the leather back patch, customers could immediately determine if the pant was a genuine pair of Levi’s overalls with the high quality they expected. Even those who were illiterate or who spoke a foreign language recognized Levi’s products from the famous Two-Horse Trademark illustration on the leather back patch."Fast forward to 2018 and the patch is a trendy fashion accessory. American Eagle just launched AE Studio in NYC, where they customize your Jacron in stores. You can pick a color (they even have silver and gold) and get the patch embossed with your name, initials, a word, or a magic spell. Into it? Shop AE's cutest denim below. Rose Embroidered Mom Jeans, $67, American EagleSHOP HERELong Black Wash Denim Jacket Rose Embroidery, $75, American EagleSHOP HEREVintage High-Waist Festival Denim Shorts, $37, American EagleSHOP HEREKelsey is the style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			This is one inexpensive gown.Prom season is upon us, and if you haven't already found your dress (or, if you need a look for another formal occasion), you might want to listen up, because there's a $4 DIY gown out there going viral.Amber Scholl, a 24-year-old blogger, is not a teen headed to a dance, but either way, she decided to test her skillz and make a totally elaborate floor-length piece fit for prom. All she needed to accomplish this was a $4 dress, which she purchased from Good Will, some thread, a needle, and a little over $100 of craft supplies (like crystals, glue, and feathers).  Please take a look at the before and after pics here.$4 thrift store dress is now my dream prom dress 💁🏻‍♀️#DIY ✂️🖤 pic.twitter.com/dDxi8gqc3oBasically, Scholl took a plunging black skater dress, sewed the skirt to be more ~bodycon~, and added tons of feathers and sparkle to make the finished lewk. A statement necklace topped off the whole ensemble.If you want to know exactly how she did it, check out the YouTube video she posted, titled, "DIY THRIFT STORE PROM DRESS MAKEOVER!" (!!!!) In it, she admits designing dresses is a completely new territory for her: "Disclaimer: I don't know what I'm doing. I've never really done this before." "I knew it would be fun to show my subscribers how to get creative and do it [prom] for less," Scholl told Yahoo. "There's no reason prom and life in general can't be made fabulous on any budget." So true, girl. Next time, show us how to do a wedding dress, plz.From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			THEY'RE SO BEAUTIFUL!Hold on to your Dole Whip, Disney fans, because the most magical place on earth is about to get hit with a major dose of sparkle. The theme parks just launched what might be the cutest Minnie Mouse ears ever made and my basic heart can barely take it. MILLENNIAL PINK!The adorable headbands are covered in contrasting light pink matte sequins, for next-level sparkle. They made an early debut yesterday in Downtown Disney at Disneyland in California. Right now, they're being sold exclusively at the World of Disney store and will be available to purchase there for a limited time. So what's a millennial pink-lover to do if she's not in CA? According to the Disney Parks Blog, these cuties will be rolling out later this month at both Disneyland and Walt Disney World. BUT WAIT! It gets even better. Along with the ears, Disney is also launching matching millennial pink spirit jerseys with glitter ink.If you want to go all-out extra, millennial pink MagicBands are already available for purchase. Millennial Pink MagicBand 2, $13, Shop Disney ParksSHOP HEREIt's a basic's dream come true!Kelsey is the style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			🍑🍑🍑🍑🍑Veronica Lodge loves a good circle skirt, but Camila Mendes is more of a jeans girl. That fact *literally* came around to bite her in the butt this week, when she had the saddest wardrobe malfunction of all time. Cue SpongeBob's "When I Ripped My Pants."Wednesday, the Riverdale actress shared a tragic photo of a pair of mom jeans that just couldn't handle that bootay. In the pic, her pants are slashed across each butt cheek. She captioned it: "abandon hope all ye brazilian booties who enter these jeans 🍑 #rip." abandon hope all ye brazilian booties who enter these jeans 🍑 #ripA post shared by  camila mendes (@camimendes) on Mar 27, 2018 at 6:43pm PDTThis denim mishap would be my worst nightmare, but in a post-Kylie-Jenner-butt-rip-jeans world, Camila could head straight to Coachella with this look and be the trendiest girl there. If you want to rock her look at Coachella, you can shop Camila's outfit below. High Waist Slim Mom Jeans With Butt Rips, $56, ASOSSHOP HEREChuck Taylor All Star High Top, $60, ConverseSHOP HERESnake Chain Faux Leather Crossbody Bag, $13, Forever 21SHOP HEREKelsey is the style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Get ready to meet all your new faves.If you're a budding fashionista, you probably get a lot of your inspo from Instagram. There are so many incredibly ~stylish~ people to follow. Some are known for their chic, low-key vibes and others have reputations for being so EXTRA in the best way ever. Whatever your style, you're bound to find your new icon here. Here are the best style bloggers on Instagram...Haile's IG is literally food for your soul. For starters, she's a health activist, international speaker, and the CEO of her own company, The Happy Org. When Haile isn't in the kitchen making delicious vegan food, she's slaying the world in crazy cute looks. Get ready to be inspired.If you're a minimalist looking to spruce up classic items with some creative styling tips, then you need to follow Yasmeena. Her vibe is classic NYC: sleek lines, crips white button-ups, and a lot of black staple items. If you're on the hunt for creative outfits and super on-point makeup looks to go with them, look no further than Vara Gianna. The 15-year-old influencer and YouTuber is a total pro at mixing and matching affordable pieces (hellooooo Forever 21) and making them look super high end.Bree's style is crazy on-point. Just check out how she rocks a gold velour jumpsuit and try your hardest not to run out and buy one or yourself. Also, she's all about body positivity, which makes her GOALS.Fashion is about using clothes to try to show the world what the inside of your heart looks like. Jacob is a queer writer and producer who serves some serious looks that will give you MAJOR inspo. Plus, Jacob ALWAYS knows just how to rock a bold lip.Not only is Yuna an inspired singer-songwriter, she's also a total pro at pattern mixing. Her outfits are always unexpected and absolutely beautiful. If you're ever stuck on a creative way to wear your denim jacket, she's your girl.Never mind that Blake is literally asking for dates in his insta bio, he still has great style and he showcases it with a few signature pieces, including flannels, hoodies, and black ripped-at-the-knee jeans. But how long do you think it takes him to do his hair?Are you looking for an IG account that will seriously brighten up your day and breathe life into your style? Look no further than Studio Mucci. Amina is the unicorn queen herself. Her looks are colorful and fun, and you'll definitely want to keep your eyes peeled for any collabs she's working on.Charmaine's Insta is trendy and classy AF. She's known for pulling together stellar outfits. Charmaine loves to rock head-to-toe monochromatic looks, but then she also slays when she adds a pop of color. She gets it right every time!Ayesha is an actress and model who shows you how to be confident whether you're rocking fitness attire or an all-black-everything evening look. She slays the jumpsuit game and always shows up with amazing, creative outfits.Let’s forget about fashion for a moment and just appreciate how gorgeous Maria’s Instagram feed is! She rocks monochromatic looks better than most, and the way she implements accent colors in her outfits really showcases her creativity. This chic girl is slaying us all.Stefney has a style that any IRL trendsetter can appreciate. Whether she’s rocking a bright red sweatsuit or a checkerboard minidress, Stefney never stops the grind of showcasing her ability to put together super cute outfits.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			One-pieces don't have to be boring.One-piece swimsuits are the throwback trend you can't vacay without – at least according to Kylie Jenner. These onesies have got everything you need to stand out poolside: flirty cutouts, femme ruffles, metallic finishes, and more. Keep on scrolling to get your fill of trendy suits for less than $100.  This frilly powder pink number is about as feminine as it gets. Rock this with white shorts for an ultra girly look.Like this suit? Shop more of Kendall + Kylie's swimsuit collection here. There's only one word to describe this smokeshow of a one-piece: FIERCE.Put on this simple black suit, then put on SPF 100 to avoid weird off-the-shoulder tan lines. A mix of graphic stripes and tropical foliage make this suit totally unique. Faux leather? On a swimsuit? The fashion industry has gone too far/I have to own this NOW.This classic striped number will be your go-to swimwear for 4th of July and beyond.Make sure you rock a pair of retro rounded sunnies to compliment this vintage-inspired suit. Get yourself a one-piece that can do both: serve up sexy beach vibes and double as a bodysuit for a night out.  Subtle dotting add a bit of interest to this simple pastel suit.Teeny florals won't overwhelm you like a jumbo motif. Keep your girly vibes on the low with this rainbow swimsuit. Calling it now: yellow will be the swimwear color this summer. If you missed out on the viral free red swimsuit, now's your chance. Snag a strapless version from J. Crew, instead. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			And they're SO easy to do. This is a modal window.Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window.End of dialog window.Get your Insta ready, because your selfies are about to be *fire*. Seventeen.com teamed up with fashion fave Haute Hijab to create five adorable styles you'll want to rock ASAP. From elegant and flowy looks for a night out to trendy knots perfect for class, these looks will make any outfit. Plus, they're super easy to recreate yourself. Watch the tutorial above for major ~modest~ style inspo. Love this look? Shop the hijab below. Modal Maxi Hijab, $20, Haute HijabSHOP HEREKelsey is the assistant style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Slay that beach vacay. Now that you've got your beach body ready (read: have a body and go to the beach), it's time for a super cute swimsuit that makes you feel like a queen. These adorable two-pieces are so cute and fun for all body types.Strappy High-Neck Bikini Top, $43, PINK; Strappy Bikini Bottom, $30, PINKThe strappy cut-outs on this flirty two-piece contrast perfectly against the bright graphic print. Leopard Plus Size Bikini Set, $71, Swimsuits For AllHonestly, is it even possible to wear leopard print and not feel like a queen? Mermaid Graphic Bikini Top, $15, Forever 21; Stretch-Knit Bikini Bottoms, $10, Forever 21This simple white set will def bring out your inner mermaid – and for only $25! Strappy Lips Print Plus Size Bikini, $29, AMI ClubwearTriangle straps offer extra support while perfectly framing your boobs. It's a win-win. And how cute is this lip print??Yellow One-Shoulder Crochet Trim Bikini Set, $43, MissguidedLooking for a totally unique bikini no one else will have? Try a single-strap bandeau top in a tropical color. Iridescent Teal Plus Size Bikini, $64, Lane Bryant; Iridescent Teal Plus Size Bikini, $50, Lane BryantThis iridescent bikini gives off gothic mermaid vibes, but still sparkles in the sun. Orlando Mesh High Waisted Crop Bikini, $23, BoohooKim Kardashian is single-handedly bringing back the '80s right now. Make her proud in this retro neon suit. Plus Size Palm Leaf Bikini Top, $38, Forever 21; Plus Size Palm Leaf Bikini Bottoms, $38, Forever 21A bold graphic like this palm print will look amazing on your Insta feed – and even better on your booty. Ringed High-Neck Bikini Top, $40, Aerie; Cheeky Bikini Bottoms, $20, AerieSilver loops make this simple high-neck suit look so fashion. Chevron Star High Waist Plus Size Two Piece Swimsuit, $23, AMI ClubwearMix and match your favorite prints for a bold look that will have all eyes on you. Tropical Print Bandeau Top, $43, PINK; Ruched Mini Bikini Bottom, $27, PINKHigh-rise bottoms with a sweetheart neckline might be the cutest combo on earth. Give it a shot for your next beach day.Striped Plus Size High-Rise Bikini, $42, Swimsuits For AllIf you're not about the floral prints and ruffles that come with bikini season, rock this funky striped duo. The sporty details keep it interesting, but not overly girly. Neon Citrus Pom Pom Triangle Bikini, $34, BoohooYou can't get any more summery than a bright floral print and fluffy pom poms. Strappy Plus Size Bikini, $74, Swimsuits for AllThis suit's got that red lip classic thing that you like. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The orange carpet is LIT, as always!Kids Choice Awards 2018 is here and your fave stars, from fashionistas Skai Jackson and Yara Shahid,i to your impossibly pink fave, Jojo Siwa, are setting the orange carpet on fire!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			YASSSS.We have yet another reason to praise ASOS this week. Not only does the brand consistently provide us with epic clothes at affordable prices and keep our shopping addiction alive, they also know how to style out a printing error like no other.And now, the brand has taken a really important step into making its website even more inclusive, which is probably more important than all of the above, tbh.Twitter user Eleanor noticed when browsing the site this week that ASOS has switched up the way it shows its clothes, by having models of different sizes photographed in the same dress.omg i love @asos even more!!! finally showing the same item on girls with different body types 💕💕💕 pic.twitter.com/fU6pcbb6wtThat means you can now see how dresses might look on body types that aren't a 'size 10' and we couldn't be happier about it.ASOS responded to the Tweet confirming that the new style will be rolling out across the app soon, too.They said in a statement: "We’re always testing new technology that can make our customers’ experience even better. In this case, we’re experimenting with AR to show product on different size models, so customers can get a better sense of how something might fit their body shape."The reaction to the news is mostly positive, as any step towards body inclusivity is a good one, even if there is often more that could be done.as much as i rag on your delivery methods u are always paving the way when it comes to technology, fashion and body positivity!!! we 💕 asosThis helps massively, as I often wonder how clothes would look on me, when I'm clearly 5 sizes bigger than the model. Great move forwardThis is super helpful! Definitely have had to return stuff as I just didn't realise it would look so different on somebody with my body shape! So pleased to see all beautiful shapes and sizes represented  💜I’m sooo happy bc they’re showing the clothes on a size 6/8, a size 10/12 and then asize 14/16 model (aka me) AMAZING IDEA @ASOS 💛💛💛ASOS is a bit of a leader when it comes to plus-size fashion, you can read all about our thoughts on that here, so we can't wait to see what they roll out next.From: Cosmopolitan UK		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Don't doubt Zendaya. Yesterday, your fashion dreams came to life in the form of Zendaya's new clothing collection, Zendaya Edit, with Boohoo. The line – which was personally curated by Z herself – is packed with flirty crop tops, sleek streetwear, and cool-girl jackets. Among the panic to buy everything in the entire collection, fans immediately noticed something off. Boohoo had advertised that the line would include sizes 2-22, but one fan noted that on the actual website, there didn't seem to be plus sizes available for every piece. Really disappointed to find that @Zendaya 's boohoo edit (advertised for sizes 2-20) does not have inclusive sizing across the board.#why?Zendaya was shook, so she reached out to her team and found out that the curve sizes actually sold out the quickest. That's why they weren't shoppable. I've looked into it, apparently the curve sizes sold out first and that's why they're not showing up as available.Another customer tweeted a similar complaint, noting that the size range seemed to end at 20, not 22. So y’all just gonna act like y’all forgot about having everything in size 22, right? There’s literally nothing from the collection available for my size and only 2 items available in size 20. I’m disappointed.Boohoo responded to this, promising to restock the curve collection soon. Hi, apologies on this! More plus size will be available soon :)Zendaya Edit reps also told Seventeen.com the full size range will be restocked ASAP. One day after their launch, tons of other sizes are sold out, but you can still get most items in size 4-18. Shop some of the best looks below or check out the full collection here. Belted Bodycon Dress, $30, BoohooSHOP HEREMetallic Trucker Jacket, $70, BoohooSHOP HERELongline Shaggy Knitted Cardigan, $85, BoohooSHOP HEREStriped Maxi Duster Coat, $30, BoohooSHOP HEREKelsey is the style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Your closet needs this. The Edit by Seventeen just dropped their *spring* collection and it's got basically everything you wish was in your closet – ruffles, gingham, and a whole lot of badass embroidery. I'd say a tearful farewell to your money now, because you're going to be totally obsessed."Get ready to turn heads in this fashion forward frock! Personalize your look with some fresh and fun accessories (how freaking cute is the alligator bag??) and you’ll be unashamedly repeating this outfit all season long." – Ann Wang, Associate Fashion EditorLeft to Right: Wicker Alligator Bag, $398, Kate Spade; Gingham Shirt Dress, $59, Macy's; Hara Studs, $80, WKNDLA; Bow Slides, $24, Lulu's "The best thing about this outfit is that it’s my two favorite styles combined: girly with a touch of grunge. Who doesn’t love a fun pant? I chose all-black accessories help to make the top the center of attention." – Savee Dalgo, Fashion AssistantLeft to Right: Chain Crossbody, $52, Topshop; Wrap Top, $39, Macy's; Gingham Leggings, $49, Macy's; Pointed Toe Flats, $110, Shopbop"I love this pink dress because of the lace and tie up details, this is right on trend. I paired it with an embroidered denim jacket, a statement bag, and a pair of cool sneakers and voila! Instagram ready!" – Tira Urquhart, Associate Fashion EditorLeft to Right: Love Me Embroidered Denim Jacket, $79, Macy's; Evil Eye Earrings (Similar), $59, Swarovski; Nike Air Max 97 Ultra Luxe, $170, Finish Line; Lace-Trim Corset T-Shirt Dress, $59, Macy's; Love Bag, $1,075, Farfetch "Nothing says Spring like lace and ruffles! This dress is fun and flirty with a statement stud earrings and a straw crossbody bag." – Rachel Bogo, Fashion Market AssistantLeft to Right: Ruffled Lace Dress, $69, Macy's; Shell Bag, $108, Revolve; Statement Studs, $58, Shopbop; White Loafers, $45, DSW 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Get an inside look at Seventeen magazine!A few months ago I was scrolling through Facebook when something popped out at me. It was a little blurb from Seventeen Magazine that said if you are dreaming of a career in fashion or writing this summer program is for you. I clicked on the link to read more about the Seventeen Fashion Experience and knew immediately that I wanted to attend. I have always loved fashion and style trends and about a year ago I started my own teen fashion and style blog. It has been one of the most rewarding things I have ever done and has led to a lot of great opportunities, like attending the Tommy Hilfiger and Herve Leger shows last February during New York Fashion week and an internship at one of my favorite dress designers Mac Duggal. Being able to be a part of this new summer program was an amazing opportunity to grow as a blogger. Let’s face it, Seventeen is like the teen style blogger’s bible, who better to learn and get advice from then the experts at Seventeen?Fast forward to the morning of July 24th, and off I went to New York. While I was super excited, I was a little nervous too. I am only 17 and this was my first time away from home. I have to admit, the first night was tough, and I may or may not have cried, once (or maybe twice) but being a little homesick passed quickly as I began my awesome adventure with 43 amazing girls from all over the US and Venezuela. It was clear from the very start that this was going to be so much more than just a fashion adventure, this was going to be a life adventure. The day we arrived, we were escorted to our host hotel, assigned our roommates and received our subway passes and our adventure began.We spent the next two weeks learning from the editors of Seventeen and Cosmopolitan about all of the aspects of the fashion industry, social media, public relations, style trends and the day to day workings of the magazine. We visited the Chinese Laundry showroom, created mood boards and gave a presentation. We visited Macy’s and heard from the President. We visited JC Penny and learned about their new collections. We attended the press preview for American Eagle’s holiday collection. We visited Chi hair care and got our hair done and had a photoshoot! One of the most amazing parts of the trip was when we attended the Editby17 launch party, and were able to get an upfront and close look at the collection, walk the red carpet and mingle with the amazing guests! All of these incredible experiences are something that are usually only for those who already work in the fashion industry, not the general public.Evenings and weekends were spent exploring New York, immersing ourselves in the food, the sites and the city, learning how to navigate the subway and truly being #17inthecity. We bonded as a group, and I can truly say that I am forever changed by this incredible experience. I gained valuable knowledge, received advice, made 43 new friends, became a little more independent and most importantly, I have grown as a person. I am walking away from this experience with the tools I need to help me in my aspirations for a career in fashion.Thank you Seventeen Magazine for putting together this life changing experience, and for anyone reading this, you don’t have to be a blogger or an aspiring designer to love this program and benefit from it, it’s a dream come true experience for any teen aged girl. I will never forget this amazing summer as an OG….being #17inthecity!No other summer program brings together fashion- focused teens, Seventeen Editors, and the top fashion industry executives like the Seventeen Fashion Experience. Over 14 days in NYC, you will learn the inner workings of one of the world’s largest fashion brands—Seventeen Magazine—and go behind-the-scenes of top fashion and beauty brands!Find out more here.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Bonus: you've probably already got it all in your closet. Denim is basically a neutral – it goes with literally everything, which is why the wardrobe staple is perfect for layering. Dig up your fave denim pieces and use these tips for looking fab in all-blue. You can buy these pre-bleached jeans at ASOS, but crafting your own at home is actually super easy. Just buy a cheap bleach pen and draw, scribble, or write all over your old jeans. Instant cool. Clockwise: Coca-Cola Sweatshirt, $37, PacSun; Gold Chain Necklace, $65, 21HM; White Boots (Similar), $140, Shoes.com; Flame Heart Mini Backpack, $55, Skinny Dip; Logo Printed Jeans, $56, ASOS Denim shirts are the cool-girl version of a crisp white button-up. Layer it under denim dresses, denim jackets, or literally anything else in your closet for major ~fashion~ vibes.Clockwise: Embroidered Crop Button-Down Shirt, $50, American Eagle; Silver Statement Necklace, $80, 21HM; Denim Dress (Similar), $35, Pretty Little Thing; Leopard Sneakers (Similar), $60, Sacks Off 5th; ASOS Swirl Stud Circle Cross Body Bag, $35, ASOS The trick to layering denim is all in the fade. If you're pairing a denim jacket with jeans, make sure they're different shades of blue, otherwise you'll come out looking like a blue blob. Clockwise: Pearl-Studded Denim Jacket, $30, T.J. Maxx; Pink T-Shirt (Similar), $19, ASOS; Pink Bow Flats, $17, Missguided; Denim Crossbody (Similar), $295, Rebecca Minkoff; Embellished Jeans, $111, Lord & TaylorClassic blues will never go out of style, but if you're looking for a fresh take, go for colorful denim. Red is just as versatile as plain blue (think: crimson lipstick that goes with everything) but looks much more trendy.Clockwise: Aerosmith Graphic Tee, $13, American Eagle; Plaid Crossbody (Similar), $25, Topshop; Gold Chain Belt (Similar), $38, Lord & Taylor; Patent Leather Floral Boots, $32, Call It SpringSticking on patches and pins is the easiest way to update your favorite denim staples. If you're looking for a one-step DIY that requires zero skill, try the frayed edges trend. Just take a pair of scissors to your favorite jeans/skirt/shorts/jacket, then run it through the wash. It'll look straight off the shelves at Zara in a second.Clockwise: Checkered Crop Top, $15, Windsor; Lips Pouch, $10, Urban Outfitters; Two-Tone Denim Skirt, $30, Pretty Little Thing; Flame Heart Patch, $8, Skinny Dip; Strawberry Patch, $12, Skinny Dip; Babe Iron On Patch, $8, Skinny Dip; Embellished Denim Sneakers, $40, T.J. MaxxWatch these looks in action!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The post-party might have been hotter than the actual red carpet. Post-show, the Oscars fashion really heated up. All your favorite celebs – even the ones who didn't attend the awards show – hit up the Vanity Fair After-Party to show off major style. Here are all the best looks. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Way to switch things up, Emma!Emma Stone really switched things up on the Oscars red carpet. While many of her peers rocked gowns on the carpet, she decided to go in a different direction in a sleek pantsuit.The Best Actress Oscar winner wore a simple pair of black pants with a gorgeous low-cut, v-neck, burgundy blazer with a pink belt as an accent. She polished things off with a simple pair of black pumps.Emma definitely stood out... in the BEST WAY POSSIBLE.What a stunner!Noelle Devoe is the Entertainment Editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Twitter and Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			So much sparkle. Jennifer Lawrence has arrived and as far as I know, she hasn't tripped yet (don't worry, there's still time). She rolled onto the 2018 Oscars red carpet wearing a sparkling dream of a dress covered head-to-toe in golden sequins. The Red Sparrow actress gave the metallic gown a majorly edgy punch with a smokey winged eyeshadow look and an entire jewelry store's worth of ear bling.Of course, she couldn't let her shimmering dress get all the attention. Classic Jlaw. Kelsey is the assistant style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Of course she worked in a fashionable twist!Zendaya just hit the 90th Oscars red carpet and it should come as no surprise that she looked STUNNING.The Greatest Showman star wore a long, floor-length brown gown with her hair in a sleek topknot.Zendaya rocked a super simple makeup look as not to distract from her glamorous fashion moment. Since she never wears anything without a fun twist, it totally makes sense that her halter-esque top manages to also have a sleeve on one side.Zendaya's movie musical The Greatest Showman is nominated for an Oscar for its song, "This Is Me.” The anthem about self-acceptance and it represents Zendaya perfectly! She did it again!Noelle Devoe is the Entertainment Editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Twitter and Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She couldn't have picked a better color!Your fave Descendants villains' kid and future Pretty Little Liars: The Perfectionists regular Sofia Carson just stepped onto the red carpet at the 90th Oscars and, obviously, she looked STUNNING.Sofia definitely made the most of her red carpet moment donning a flowey, floor-length red gown with a floor-length cape to pump things up to the highest level of glam.Sofia definitely had a lot of fun with her cape, as well, tossing it here and there as she got her shine on.But let's not forget Sofia's gorgeous makeup look. Sofia kept her makeup super simple, rocking a nude lip and a barely-there smokey eye. She kept things super sleek with a low ponytail with a deep, deep side part.She even blended right into the Oscars red carpet backdrop!Slay, Sofia! Slay!Noelle Devoe is the Entertainment Editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Twitter and Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			👏👏👏If you're still needing a little prom inspo, start taking notes now. Celebs at this year's Oscars brought some serious glam in dazzling gowns you'll want to steal. Check out all the best dressed stars on the 2018 red carpet. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Or wear them to chill on the couch, whatever.This is a modal window.Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window.End of dialog window.If you didn't Insta your workout, did it ever even happen? Kick up your #gymselfie game with athleisure outfits that are so cute you'll actually *want* to do your squats. Or just wear them to binge Riverdale, no judgement. Clockwise: Slimline Puffer Vest, $20, Cotton On; Mesh Sports Bra (Similar), $15, T.J. Maxx; Raisende Sneaker (Similar), $20, Call it Spring; Hampton Cruise Shorts, $90, Ted Baker; Light Resistance Band, $15, Kohl’sClockwise: Gwen Bomber Jacket With Sheer Trim, $15, T.J. Maxx; Constellation Print Sports Bra (Similar), $14, Target; Constellation Print Leggings, $21, Target; Glitter Bomb Water Bottle, $26, ban.do; Rose Gold Glitter Sneakers, $30, Pink Lily; Gold Solo3 Wireless Headphones, $300, TargetClockwise: Lotus Yoga Mat, $10, T.J. Maxx; Camo Printed Legging (Similar), $10, Jet; Gray Knit Sneakers, $28, Pink Lily; Nicki Chop Hoodie, $10, Cotton On; Light Resistance Band, $15, Kohl’sClockwise: Short Hooded Sweatshirt, $18, H&M; Light Blue Puffer Vest (Similar), $60, Land's End; Insulated Water Bottle, $15, Cotton On; Brooke Knit Sneakers, $32, Pink Lily; Compression Leggings, $32, Old Navy; 2-Pound Hand Weight, $6, Kohl's; 3-Pound Hand Weight, $8, Khol'sClockwise: Aerosmith Shrunken Graphic Tee, $13, American Eagle; Floral Sneakers (Similar), $60, Finish Line; Star Crossed Leggings, $20, T.J. Maxx; Gold Water Bottle, $42, ban.do Kelsey is the assistant style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Here's where you can get it. The second temps dropped below 60 degrees, fashion bloggers, celebs, and Instagram trend-setters started rocking the Pixie coat by I Am Gia 24/7 and the fluffy piece is currently taking over the internet.Not ringing any bells? Let me jog your memory...Yep, that coat. It's $86 and people literally cannot get enough of it. Lately, yo girl Selena has been rocking the oversized shearling literally nonstop. She wore it to snuggle this cute puppy. And she also has the coat in beige, which she just wore over to Justin Bieber's house. Good choice Sel, that coat demands to be cuddled. Want to steal her look? Shop it below. Pixie Coat, $119, Urban OutfittersSHOP HEREKelsey is the assistant style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"This is not only utterly ridiculous, I am extremely offended."On Tuesday, this photo of Jennifer Lawrence had people really pissed off.The pic was taken at a photocall for her new movie Red Sparrow and shows Jlaw surrounded by her male co-stars on a chilly rooftop in London. As the internet was quick to point out, Jen stood out in the cold wearing a sexy af Versace gown, while the men wore coats and pants. Some thought the image highlighted the sexism prevalent in Hollywood and even some school dress codes: women are expected to wear dresses and expose their bodies, even in freezing temperatures, while men are allowed to bundle up. Normally, Jennifer is about as active on social media as Kylie Jenner was during her pregnancy, but the "controversy" got her pissed, so the actress took to Facebook to slam the haters.Jen pointed out that she was only outside for five minutes and that she happily "would have stood in the snow" to show off her *fabulous* outfit. She chose to wear the gown without a coat for the photo op, no one made her. Here's her full statement: Now, let's make sure Jlaw didn't brave the cold for nothing and take a sec to appreciate this stunning outfit. Kelsey is the assistant style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			These cute texting gloves will let you swipe, type, and tap – minus the #frostbite.Don't let the bitter cold kill your Snapchat game, snag these cute gloves that you can actually text with. Here are ten touchscreen gloves and mittens that will save your life this winter. Add a bold mix of color to your ~winter~ look with these bright printed statement gloves. Fair Isle Touch Gloves, $6, Lands' EndSHOP HEREThese striped mittens are Instagram-friendly in more ways than one. Touchscreen Striped Mittens, $20, Macy'sSHOP HERECool blue gloves that come with TWO touchscreen fingers? Need.Striped Knit Tech Gloves, $20, Kohl's SHOP HERENo-finger gloves are the OG way to have phone-access, while also keeping warm. Plus they're so adorably punk.Fingerless Gloves, $13, ASOSSHOP HEREA glam faux leather makes these touch screen gloves feel so glam.Faux Leather Touchscreen Gloves, $17, Forever 21SHOP HEREWarmth on a budget – these $3 gloves are a total steal. Texting Winter Gloves, $3, WalmartSHOP HEREThese heavy-duty gloves will keep you phone accessible in any weather, just in case you need to text on top of a mountain. The North Face Tech Gloves, $35, Dick'sSHOP HERE		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			There have been some good ones. What does one wear on a date with a guy you've been off-and-on with for seven years? Idk, honestly, but Selena Gomez has got it down to a science. Here's everything she's worn for date night since getting back together with Justin Bieber.For Valentine's Day the love birds went on a dinner date after church and Sel couldn't keep her hands to herself – I mean she could, but why would she want to? The singer went totally Cher Horowitz in a plaid blazer, black sweater dress, and Coach loafers (shop similar here). For one of Justin Bieber's hockey games, Selena went majorly laid back in a massive hoodie (probz Justin's) and black pants with white sneaks. She accessorized with a puppy and healthy dose of PDA. Sel may or may not have raided your grandma's closet for this one. She rocked a vintage-inspired swing dress layered under a shearling-lined denim jacket and still managed to look chic as sh*t. Even though Jelena rented out an entire restaurant for this date, the "Wolves" singer kept her OOTD on the cheap side. Her sweater is only $70 and the jeans are $135. Shop them both here (you're welcome). On her way to Justin's hockey game, the pop star was spotted in head-to-toe black, accented with a frayed denim jacket. But when she left, Selena was rocking Justin's sweaty hockey jersey and probably an invisible medal for Girlfriend of the Year. For what's probably their most public date yet, the couple rode bicycles around L.A. and made out on street corners. Selena rocked a charcoal sweater with gray leggings and her trademark white sneaks – the perfect neutral look for a powder blue bike. Jelena hit up their favorite hot spot last night – church! For the Wednesday night service, Selena wore a brown fisherman's sweater, jeans, and loafers, with a printed bucket bag. Kelsey is the assistant style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Be a unicorn in a room full of boring pajamas. If you've never worn a onesie, you're missing out on some major comfort. These cozy one-piece pajamas are perfect for slumber parties with your bestie, solo Riverdale binge nights, or even for class – no judgement. Here are the ten cutest styles you NEED in your closet. Rainbow Unicorn Onesie, $38, Pretty Little ThingSHOP HEREWhat's the point of wearing a onesie if it doesn't come with a build-in unicorn horn and rainbow stripes? Loungeable Cupcake Onesie, $28, ASOSSHOP HEREPro tip: wear these cupcakes jammies while eating *actual* cupcakes. You can thank me later. Skull Print Fleece Onesie, $41, TorridSHOP HERENot into pastels and rainbows? Get your punk onesie fix with this fleece-y version from Torrid. Cat Onesie, $56, Hot TopicSHOP HERETaking "crazy cat lady" to an all new, ~magical~ level. Dream On Dreamer One-Piece Pajamas, $37, Kohl'sSHOP HEREThis toned-down starry sleeper will take you straight to the galaxy. Unicorn Print Fleece Onesie, $41, TorridSHOP HEREIf you're looking for more chill vibes, here's a more subtle unicorn onesie option. Disney "Alice in Wonderland" Cheshire Cat Onesie, $40, Hot TopicSHOP HEREAlice once said, "sometimes I've believed as many as six impossible things before breakfast" – and she was probably wearing this onesie at the time. White Unicorn Onesie, $38, Pretty Little ThingSHOP HEREAaaaand here's another over-the-top unicorn one-piece. A girl needs options, ok?Plus Size Plush Santa Bear PJ Onesie, $23, Forever 21SHOP HEREThese fuzzy pjs are basically a sleeping bag with legs. SO comfy. Zip Up Onesie, $25, BoohooSHOP HEREHonestly, you could wear this simple jumpsuit to class and get all the compliments. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Because it's about way more than just jeans 🙌Warmer weather and that much needed sunshine are just around the corner (promise), so it's about time you get your new spring mainstays ready to go. This season, it's all about denim in fresh new styles, cuts and patterns. Here, 10 of our favorite picks from Amazon to keep you looking *100* from head to toe.A purse becomes a little bit extra with fringed edges, but add totally adorable patches and you've got yourself the ultimate in day-to-night crossbody. Denim Flower Evening Clutch, $16, SSMYSHOP HEREWhen white denim meets the sundress, you know you're doing it right. Buttons up the front = majorly flattering lines. Candace Dress, $154, ClaytonSHOP HEREWe love a solid, stacked heel, particularly when it's paired with a simple ankle-strap design. This pair of baby blues is the perfect go-to for any GNO or date night, and the color is surprisingly neutral (yes, really!). Daranita Denim Heeled Sandal, $89, Nine WestSHOP HERE*Every* closet needs a boxy jean jacket, so it's worth the investment to buy one you actually love. A cute heart detail on the left pocket makes it that much more flirty. Denim Trucker Jacket, $198, Scotch & Soda/Maison ScotchSHOP HEREIt's all about that cropped cut this season, right? A pair with a darker hem will help you stand out no matter where the day takes you. LA Rochelle High Res Micro Flare Ankle Stretch Jeans, $68, EVIDNTSHOP HEREWho says flats need to be boring? Open-toe slides with a braided strap will pull together even the most casual of 'fits. Danielle Slide Sandal, $45, Circus by Sam EdelmanSHOP HEREFor those kinda hot, kinda cold days, layering is key. But that doesn't mean you should forget about ~fashion~, duh. Reach for a denim topper with sherpa lining to stay toasty and chic AF.Sherpa Collar Denim Anorak Jacket, $74, Style & Co.SHOP HEREMulti-toned denim is both funky and ultra-stylish, and an uneven hemline has that perfect I woke up like this casual-cool factor. High Rise Stove Pipe Jean, $106, True ReligionSHOP HEREChannel true Cowboy vibes with the denim-on-denim lewk this spring—just be sure to mix the shades to avoid major blueberry vibes. Long Sleeve Color Blocked Western Denim Button Down Shirt, $90, Calvin KleinSHOP HEREYour fave celebs wear them, and surprise: you can, too. Pair a dark corset with a plain white shirt and streamlined pants—you can't go wrong. Vintage Denim Lace Up Waistband Extra Wide Cinch, $11, Star PickerSHOP HEREThese are not your mom's coveralls, ladies. A cute, boyfriend-y fit and light distressing make these overalls just of-the-moment enough (without trying too hard). Classic Adjustable Strap Denim Bib Overall, $40, Lily & ParkerSHOP HERE		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The actress didn't carry a clutch as is custom for royals.Meghan Markle may have broken royal etiquette today by carrying a handbag rather than a clutch as is customary.This seemingly small styling choice has more significance than you might think. The Queen and the Duchess of Cambridge are often seen with clutches or bags with a small handle—which they will then often grasp with two hands—to avoid shaking hands with people with whom it might be awkward. However, Markle, for her first official engagement with Prince Harry in Nottingham today, wore a burgundy and navy tote bag by Scottish label Strathberry, which features both a handle and shoulder strap, and proceeded to happily shake hands with the waiting crowds. Needless to say, the style has already sold out online (more are expected soon), proving the "Meghan effect" is in full force."The Duchess of Cambridge may well prefer not to shake hands with certain people - but there are other ways to achieve this, as used by The Queen and other members of the royal family, than opting for a clutch over a bag with a strap," etiquette expert William Hanson told the Mail back in January."It is protocol that you do not extend your hand to any member of the royal family (blood royal or those who have married in to the family) unless their hand extends first."Hanson added that older male members of the royal family have also found alternatives to shaking people's hands."Male royalty, such as The Duke of Edinburgh, often walk down line-ups with their hands clasped behind their backs, which although technically not correct, they can get away with due to their elevated position," he said. "Another good way to avoid unwanted hands."Maybe Markle will adopt the clutch bag approach if she ever has to meet Donald Trump.From: Harper's BAZAAR UK		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Finding the perfect prom dress just got so much easier. Prom dress shopping can be kind of stressful sometimes, but look no further because the dress of your dreams has just arrived! In case you missed it, the brand Unique Vintage released a new prom dress line called "Happily Ever After," and it's inspired by all of your favorite Disney princesses, including Ariel, Aurora, Belle, Cinderella,  Jasmine, and Tiana.The best part? The inclusive collection offers gowns that go up to a size 20! So, if you want to feel like royalty on your big night, definitely check out the gallery below and shop your faves over here. While you're at it, don't forget to try one these Disney princess-inspired hairstyles. Then throw on some sparkly heels, and your look is complete! Victoria Rodriguez is a fellow at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Twitter and Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She's baaaack.Kylie Jenner is officially BACK, y'all! She made her first public appearance since giving birth, posted her first ~Kylie~ selfie on Insta, and is now going out to baby showers with her friends. The new mom made an appearance at her friend Heather Sanders' baby shower with her bff Jordyn Woods and rocked an all maroon tracksuit. I guess the old Kylie is alive and well, you know that girl loves wearing maroon. Kelsey is the assistant style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			MIIIIIIKE... would love these. This is a modal window.Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window.End of dialog window.Until Stranger Things season 3 drops (potentially in 2019, fml) I'll just be rewatching seasons 1 and 2 and online shopping for cool merch to rep the gang. I know you'll be doing the same, so check out all the ~prettiest~ merch that will show everyone exactly what your Netflix list looks like. Clockwise: Sherpa Trucker Jacket, $190, Levi's; Western Plaid Shirt, $55, Levi's; Chuck 70 High Top, $85, Converse; High Rise Skinny Jeans, $90, Levi's; Waffle Purse, $10, Spirit HalloweenClockwise: Eleven T-Shirt, $23, Hot Topic; Manhattan Mini Top Zip Crossbody, $65, Guess?; Blue Star Eye Pom Pom, $13, Skinny Dip; Striped Mini Sequin Dress, $34, Kohl's; Iced Metallic Pascal, $120, Dr. MartensClockwise: Stranger Things 3/4 Sleeve T-Shirt (Similar), $17, Target; C Logo High Top, $100, Converse; Fran Sports Stripe Mom Jeans, $29, Boohoo; Dustin Trucker Hat, $10, Spirit HalloweenClockwise: Mrs. Steve Harrington Sweater, $34, Tees and Tank You; Vans Faux Sherpa Classic Slip-On Sneaker, $60, Urban Outfitters; High Waist Denim Mini Skirt, $50, American Eagle; Bitchin' Backpack, $50, Skinny DipClockwise: Stranger Things Logo Splash Hoodie, $35, Hot Topic; Black High Rise Skinny Jean, $40, Levi's; Zebra Print Espadrille Sneakers, $71, 6 PM; Olive Fuzzy Faux Fur Backpack, $10, Love CultureKelsey is the assistant style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It’s warm, it’s cold, it’s hot, it’s rainy. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯🙏Sure, spring brings warmer temps, but it also comes with majorly unpredictable weather: One minute it’s 19 degrees, and the next, it’s 60. Once it starts to warm up, it becomes all about layering up so you can be prepared for any situation. We’ve rounded up eight adorable AF outfit options paired with ultra-stylish kicks, so you’ll be comfy and chic no matter what Mother Nature throws at you. During the day, rock a classic denim mini with bare legs and high-top kicks for a classic-cool vibe—after sunset, a lightweight blazer will keep you toasty. Converse Chuck Taylor All Star High Tops, $55, nike.comshop nowRed Contessa Sunglasses, $18, unique-vintage.comshop nowFlared Sleeve Blazer, $60, mango.comshop nowPolka Dot Puff Sleeve Top, $32, missselfridge.com shop nowMOTO Patch Pocket A-Line Skirt, $55, topshop.comshop nowGive your go-to weekend look a ~fire~ update by swapping out your standard cotton leggings for a faux-leather pair and adding a bejeweled, oversized sweater. A knee-length duster coat provides just enough warmth.Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Low Tops, $50, nike.comshop nowEmbroidered Crossbody Bag, $18, charlotterusse.comshop nowMegan Tailored Coat, $52, boohoo.comshop nowKnit Beaded Sweater, $50, hm.comshop nowContrasting Design Faux-Leather Leggings, $30, mango.comshop nowGrab a shearling-lined version of a classic denim jacket for extra coziness, and layer it over a playful dress-and-sweater combo for a girly look that slays. White high-tops keep it I-woke-up-like-this effortless. Converse Chuck Taylor All Star High Tops, $55, nike.comshop nowMOTO Cord Button Through Pinafore Dress $75, topshop.comshop nowCotton Turtleneck Top, $30, hm.comshop nowHeart Drop Earrings, $14, missselfridge.comshop nowDenim Elongated Moto Jacket, $150, ae.comshop nowFine, it's not groundbreaking, but you can’t go wrong with a breezy floral maxi dress—it’s the ultimate “winter is over” lewk. Rock one with a lightweight suede jacket—throw it over your shoulders for a model-off-duty vibe.Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Low Tops, $50, nike.comshop nowWander Leather Bucket Bag, $53, ae.comshop nowLong Printed Dress, $30, zara.comshop nowGrey Suedette Biker Jacket, $67, newlook.com shop nowOpenwork Beaded Necklace, $49, luckybrand.comshop nowFor a casual weekend look, pair an edgy biker jacket (faux leather, of course) with your favorite jeans, tee, and high-tops and you'll be out the door to brunch with baes in no time. Converse Chuck Taylor All Star High Tops, $55, nike.comshop nowHigh-Rise Mom Fit Jeans, $30, zara.comshop nowBlack Debbie Gold Detail Biker Jacket, $95, missselfridge.comshop nowWomen’s Round Sunglasses, $17, target.comshop nowRolling Stones Block Jogger T-Shirt, $25, ae.comshop nowDate night just got way. more. interesting. Take the feminine sundress up a notch with dramatic sleeves and bold red Chucks to match; keep the whole thing to a girl-next-door level with a classic topper and simple accessories.  Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Low Tops, $50, nike.comshop nowIcon Denim Jacket, $70, gap.comshop nowSilver Circle Drop Earrings, $9, missselfridge.comshop nowTiered-Sleeve Off The Shoulder Dress, $24, ae.comshop nowPair a flirty, off-the-shoulder bodysuit with high-waisted jeans and a thin, slouchy sweater in a nude shade if you’re unsure what the forecast holds: The sweater will keep you warm if the temps drop, but it can be easily removed if the weather is nice (🙏 ).Converse Chuck Taylor All Star High Tops, $55, nike.comshop nowVintage Slim Ankle Jeans, $30, hm.comshop nowTopshop Lace Trim Off the Shoulder Bodysuit, $21, nordstrom.comshop nowBardot Volume Sleeve Knitted Jumper, $68, missselfridge.comshop nowStudded Belt, $10, mango.comshop nowCorduroy is typically reserved for fall, but here's a secret: it's a great pick for the pre-summer months, too. Layer a stylish cord jacket over a laid-back t-shirt dress and cozy flannel shirt; if the sun peeks out, ditch the jacket and tie the flannel around your waist to keep from overheating.Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Low Tops, $50, nike.comshop nowLeather Circle Bag, $65, topshop.comshop nowT-shirt dress, $10, hm.comshop nowAhmazingly Soft Plaid Boyfriend Shirt, $45, ae.comshop nowFully Lined Corduroy Jacket, $99, hm.comshop now		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"Literally ANY Indian person could've pointed out in two minutes what the problem is with this." Fast-fashion retailer Zara is getting backlash on the Internet for selling a brown "check mini skirt" that ties at the front and some people say resembles a lungi, a garment typically worn in South and Southeast Asian cultures. People called out the brand after photos of the style circulated on Tuesday, with some saying the company appropriated South Asian fashion without acknowledging the inspiration. If you need an argument as to why it's important to have BAME people at every level in business and marketing, I give you the lungi-dads-skirt disaster by @ZARA where literally ANY Indian person could've pointed out in two minutes what the problem is with this 😂😂😂Who wore it better? And yes Zara, that's a lungi! pic.twitter.com/65KwCBxIDCOthers took issue with the $90 price tag, comparing it with the inexpensive cost of an actual lungi. Fashion is mad. Rs 6000 for a lungi. https://t.co/sWTvPLiKPlNow you can buy a lungi from Zara in the UK -- for a mere 69.99 pounds(It prob sells in India for 1-2 pounds)Via https://t.co/PGQJUkAyTi pic.twitter.com/y495P3QujjIt's not the first time Zara has been in hot water for its controversial fashions. In 2014, it sold a children's striped shirt with a six-pointed yellow star, resembling uniforms worn by concentration camp inmates during the Holocaust, and, in 2017, it pulled a denim skirt featuring a symbol that resembled "Pepe the Frog," which became synonymous with the alt-right movement and anti-Semitic hate groups. A representative for Zara didn't immediately respond to a request for comment. From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Tracking her rumored pregnancy style.Kylie Jenner is reportedly pregnant with her first child, so fans are already scouring her recent pictures for evidence that she's expecting. Here's everything the star has been spotted wearing in recent months that might have been hiding her pregnancy. From: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She does love the color red...During last night's Grammy Awards, Camila Cabello literally adjusted her boob mid-interview, so it's wildly unsurprising that she's now thoroughly trolling herself. The "Havana" singer joked about her red carpet "boob squish" on Twitter...there should be a word for the “boob squish” small boobed girls will understand pic.twitter.com/hLXlMn5HB1And then called herself out for outfit repeating, writing: "I try to channel the flamenco emoji for as many events as possible."I try to channel the flamenco emoji for as many events as possible #Grammys pic.twitter.com/UnUkvNYUmOYeah, her crimson Grammys gown does look a bit similar to the all-red ensemble she wore to the Billboard Music Awards back in May.But honestly, looking like an emoji is always cool in my book. Kelsey is the assistant style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Things heated up after the show. The Grammys red carpet had everything from fetus dresses to Zayn Malik cosplaying Harry Styles, but after the show, celebs really turned up the *heat*. Here are the most flirty, sexy, crazemazing looks from the 2018 Grammy Awards after-parties. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			That pink suit looks familiar...There's a former One Direction member who's known far and wide for his famously flamboyant suits and beautifully coiffed hair... and Zayn Malik just came for his title. Z hit the Grammys red carpet looking like a straight thirst trap. He repped his former bandmate's ~style~ in a suave af pink suit that I kind of want to borrow. His only accessory: a white rose pin to support Time's Up.  Wherever he is, I'd like to believe Harry Styles is giving a standing ovation right now. Kelsey is the assistant style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She broke her no-red-carpets rule for a good cause.Miley Cyrus broke her no-red-carpets rule once again to attend the Grammys tonight, but she did so for a good reason: to draw attention to the #TimesUp movement against sexual harassment.Miley wore an all-black sleeveless jump suit with a super cute removable shoulder piece and a pair of pumps with glitter heels. SO CUTE.But the best accessory to her outfit by far was her white rose, which she carried in solidarity with other musicians at the ceremony who agree it's time for sexual harassment in the workplace to end. Unlike most of the other celebs rocking roses, Miley carried an entire rose instead of wearinga corsage.Miley and that rose really stole the show.Noelle Devoe is the Entertainment Editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Twitter and Instagram! 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Just wow.The Grammys are the birthplace for next-level, Insta-worthy, jaw-dropping fashion, but there are always people who go past your normal levels of ~extra~ and into the land of absolutely cray cray. This is a list of those people. Here are the celebs that got totally bonkers (in a good way) on the Grammys red carpet. Rainbow feathers and a statement belt – this bonkers look is the essence of P!nk.This look is the perfect amount of extra – okay and maybe a little bit more. Living for it. Last year a Trump dress, this year a fetus dress... At this point, I think they just invite her to see what controversial thing she'll wear. Ya girl really went for the theme – she literally looks like a sparkling golden gramophone. Cardi's dress literally had wings – and it's freaking epic. Mother Monster dropped jaws in what looks like a 10 foot train. But honestly, this is chill by Gaga's standards.There should be a printed metallic pink jumpsuit on every red carpet, tbh.I know cowboy is kind of their ~thing~, but wow. Just wow.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			This angel just got her wings. Uh-huh HUNNY! Cardi B is busy owning the 2018 Grammys in the over-the-top way that only she can pull off. I mean check out this dress. She wore a white rose to support the Time's Up movement, but she also rocked head-to-toe ruffles, lace Louboutins (duh), and massive amounts of super sparkly bling. Oh, and did I mention her dress has wings? WINGS.On top of all of that fabulousness, Cardi's serving back. Can I be Cardi B when I grow up? Kelsey is the assistant style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The roses are to support the Time's Up movement.The Golden Globes are over, but the Time's Up movement is still going strong. To show solidarity, celebs are wearing white roses to the 2018 Grammys. Here's every star that took part. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's like prom came early!The Grammys are here and it's basically like prom night for celebs – sparkles and ball gowns EVERYWHERE. Check out the best looks and start planning your own look now.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Middle school me was SO on trend. New information just broke about Khloe Kardashian and it's more shocking than both her and Kylie Jenner's pregnancies combined: SHE SHOPS AT CLAIRE'S.  I know, I couldn't believe it either. The youngest Kardashian sister revealed on Twitter that because she loses her hoop earrings so often, she buys cheap ones from Claire's.I got my really big ones at Nine West. I only buy inexpensive hoops because I loose them often. The rest are from Claire's https://t.co/ZIhYj4NPQPHere are some of her favorites.  ❥ Good American Campaign ❥A post shared by  Khloé (@khloekardashian) on Sep 7, 2017 at 6:20pm PDT70MM Silver-Tone Pave Hoop Earrings, $20, Claire'sSHOP HERE VibesA post shared by  Khloé (@khloekardashian) on May 17, 2016 at 7:40pm PDT100MM Extra Large Gold Hoop Earrings, $10, Claire'sSHOP HERE ⭐️A post shared by  Khloé (@khloekardashian) on Oct 27, 2017 at 5:20am PDT100MM Faux Crystal Lined Rose Gold-tone Hoop Earrings, $17, Claire'sSHOP HERE 💙 interview day with the squad KUWTK @styledbyhrush @davynewkirk 💙A post shared by  Khloé (@khloekardashian) on May 11, 2016 at 10:07pm PDTHammered Hoop Earrings, $7, Claire'sSHOP HEREKelsey is the assistant style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The best night in fashion is here! Here are all the best and most stunning dresses from the Grammys 2017 red carpet. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			So cute!Dressing for the new job is hard. You want to stand out, but don't want to break the dress code – and you still want to impress your boss with your totally put together look. Fear not, girl boss. These five cute outfits are the perfect mix of business and *fab*. Consider your internship nailed. This is a modal window.Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window.End of dialog window.Interesting fabrics like suede, faux leather, and silk add a cool-girl touch to business casual staples – and a little bling never hurt either. Clockwise: Chuck On Blazer, $75, Nordstrom; Embellished Collar Shirt, $80, Topshop; Silky Wrap Neck Tie Scarf, $12, Urban Outfitters; Bprince Bag, $88, Steve Madden; Raelynn Black Vegan Leather Mini Skirt, $87, Lulu’s; Matisse Textured Leather Oxfords, $50, T.J. MaxxAn out-there mix of bright florals and bold stripes might be a bit too much for the office, depending on the internship. Make the look more profesh by sticking to a simple color story – one or two shades max. Clockwise: Faux Pearl Detailed Choker, $9, AMI Clubwear; Mohair-blend Sweater, $80, H&M; Bdiana Bag, $68, Steve Madden; Striped Shirt Dress, $13, T.J. Maxx; White Ankle Booties, $160, TobiStructured jackets are a requirement in any intern's closet, but you can def branch out past your classic black. Try a pop of color and keep the rest of your outfit neutral.Clockwise: Red Sports Stripe Blazer, $38, Pretty Little Thing; Business Is Pleasure Ruffled Shirt Dress, $25, GoJane; Sexy Black White Satin Rhinestone Pearl Necklace, $9, AMI Clubwear; Portulaca Bag, $13, Call It Spring; Jewel Embellished Mules (Similar), $50, Express; Straight Cut Trousers, $50, ZaraNot all offices have a suits-only dress code. If your gig is more chill (or has casual Fridays) keep it laid-back AND polished in a cozy sweater with dark-washed denim. Feel free to add accessories that let your style shine.Clockwise: Brushed-Knit Turtleneck, $10, Old Navy; Vintage High Jeans (Similar), $70, H&M; Pearl Clutch Bag, $52, Topshop; Embellished Story Faux Pearl Mule Flats, $25, GoJane; Lydia Sunglasses, $13, Sunglasses Warehouse This is an office-proof OOTD that requires zero effort. Just slip on a crisp button-up dress with your favorite (comfy) flats and you'll be ready for any task your boss throws your way. Clockwise: Gingham Dress from the Edit By Seventeen, Macys; Basic T-Shirt, $6, Zara; Tasmania, $6, Sunglasses Warehouse; Patent Leather Oxfords, $50, T.J. Maxx; Galollat Bag, $13, Call It Spring		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The dream team, tbh. This is a modal window.Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window.End of dialog window.Since announcing they'd become a photoshop-free brand in 2014, Aerie has been on the forefront of fashion's conversation around body positivity and women's empowerment. From recruiting non-models to pose in ad campaigns to expanding their nude lingerie offerings, Aerie has become a beacon of what brands can do when they let go of archaic notions of style and beauty. Today, Aerie takes their activism one step forward by expanding its #AerieREAL Role Model family with the introduction of three new Role Models. Gold medal gymnast and women's rights activist Aly Raisman, actress Yara Shahidi, and multi-platinum and award-winning singer-songwriter Rachel Platten join Iskra Lawrence, a leading body-positivity activist and the first Aerie Role Model, in the upcoming spring campaign.“Yara, Aly, Rachel, and Iskra truly embody AerieREAL and what it means to be strong, confident, and happy in your own skin,” Jennifer Foyle, Aerie Global Brand President, said in a statement. “At Aerie, we believe in authentic, real beauty and never airbrush our models. Now, more than ever, we want to encourage women everywhere to feel empowered to embrace their own unique qualities and beautiful real selves.”I joined the influential group of women on the set of their AerieReal photoshoot to chat about unique firsts in each of their lives. Watch as Raisman shares the first time she spoke up for herself, Lawrence discusses the first time she loved her body, and more powerful anecdotes.This March shop exclusive products designed by the Aerie  Role Models. 100 percent of sales will benefit a charity of their choice.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Everyone seriously looks #flawless.We can all agree that the best part of any awards show is the red carpet, right? Good.Because even if a show is a total snoozefest (*cough* 2017 VMAs *cough*) the red carpet won't disappoint. Seeing what all our faves are wearing somehow goes well with sitting on our couch eating a pint of chocolate chip cookie dough. The Grammys haven't been a stranger to flawless outfits, including tons of ~scandalous~ ones, over the years. Take a look back at the outfits that made our jaws drop.At the 2017 Grammys, the "Million Reasons" singer showed off some serious underboob, spiky sleeves, and thigh high boots. Ra-Ra!Back in 2012, Nicki donned a similar outfit to the one the Pope wears — but in red. She also brought a Pope look-alike. Needless to say, people had strong opinions on the matter.No stranger to showing off her rockin' bod, the style icon rocked a super low-cut dress during the 2012 Pre-Grammy Gala.In 2011, Rihanna went with this interesting fringe-like dress that definitely left little to the imagination.During the Pre-Grammys Gala in 2017, Britney wore a dress that expertly covered her intimate areas with snowflakes.Joy's Trump dress unsurprisingly pissed off a ton of people at the 2017 Grammys. Girl, read the room.In 2015, Madonna went to the Grammys looking like a sexy French maid on vacation. She wasn't afraid to show some cheeks, either.In 2012, Fergie proved she was still "Fergalicious" when she wore an orange dress with black lingerie.Zendaya's suit at the 2016 Grammys wasn't ~scandalous~, but fans were shocked by her mullet. She wore it proudly, and told Entertainment Tonight she "wanted to do something different." Mission accomplished! #slayThe Russian singer's Grammys attire was probably best described by PR Newswire as "Terminator meets Barbie." This outfit definitely left a lasting impression back in 2012. Ciara showed some serious leg at the 2016 Grammys, and looked damn good doing it.Nicki slayed this all cheetah print at the 2011 Grammys. Me-ow.In 2016, Lady Gaga performed a medley of David Bowie songs as a tribute to the late musician. While not everyone loved the performance (including Bowie's former drummer), Gaga wasn't afraid to show off a high cut and platform shoes on the red carpet.While the 2015 Grammys weren't under construction, Joy's dress sure was. Her outfit was the same stuff you'd find at Lowe's, and was definitely a first for the Grammys red carpet — or any red carpet, really.The former Destiny's Child member rocked a dress with tons of see-through slits at the 2013 Grammys.The Glee star wasn't afraid to show some leg during the 2011 Grammys.While not exactly scandalous, Gaga's outfit at the 2010 Grammys could've poked an eye out or something. Those pointy tips are long!Though this dress is "tame" for Miley's standards, it still showed off lots of the "Malibu" singer's backside in 2015.19. Jennifer LopezJ.Lo turned all the heads when she wore THIS little number to the 2000 Grammys. The dress even inspired Google's search image function.Stacey Grant is the Snapchat Editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Twitter!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			So fresh and clean.The duck face, the fish gape, the vague arm raise – getting a likeable Inta involves a lot  of really random trends. The weirdest, however, is coming to you straight from the bathtub. Man Repeller has dubbed the like-worthy trend "bathleisure," because it literally just requires you to snap a post-shower pic with your hair twisted up in a bath towel – and a full-face of flawless makeup. Not into the towel look? No worries, you can still get all the likes by posing in a fluffy white bathrobe. Rita Ora would be proud. Kelsey is the assistant style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Even Mike wouldn't be able to tell them apart. At the 2018 Screen Actors Guild Awards, Millie Bobby Brown showed up ready to kick some Demogorgon butt – literally. She channeled Eleven's iconic Stranger Things outfit in a baby pink sequin mini dress from Calvin Klein and white Converse.The only thing missing from her ensemble was a blonde wig and a box of Eggos.  80's outfit! #eleven #setlife #strangerthingsA post shared by  mills 🌠 (@milliebobbybrown) on Jul 16, 2016 at 8:16am PDTShe looks so much like... herself... even Mike would be fooled.Kelsey is the assistant style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Major fashion happening here. For the 2018 Screen Actors Guild Awards your favorite celebs went over-the-top glam. Check out all the most gorgeous looks. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You need to try these ASAP.This is a modal window.Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window.End of dialog window.Big, cozy blanket scarves one of the best things about winter – behind snow-covered Instagrams and holiday Starbucks cups obvs. But if you're only wearing yours bandana-style, you're missing out on some major fashion moments. There are a million ways to tie that super soft square, but for the sake of time I've narrowed it down to the top ten. (You're welcome.)Into the look? Shop it below. Cold Shoulder Pullover Sweater, $30, TargetSHOP HERELarge Scarf, $20, H&M;SHOP HEREKelsey is the assistant style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Clothes don't need a gender. The queer community has long known that too many things are trivially assigned to genders. Lots of us have often crossed between the "boy" and "girl" clothing sections in stores just to get items we feel the most comfortable in, and now we don't have to make that irrelevant distinction. More and more brands are making gender-less clothing, and Abercrombie & Fitch Co. just joined those ranks. The store's new Everybody Collection "features 25 styles, is comprised of tops, bottoms and accessories influenced by skate and streetwear cultures," according to WWD. "Parents and their kids don’t want to be confined to specific colors and styles, depending on whether shopping for a boy or a girl,” Abercrombie & Fitch brand president Stacia Andersen said in a public statement. Cheers to not having to dress in all pink because a store told you to! Follow Here on Facebook and Instagram. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Awwww she's the cutest.Sasha Obama is the queen of slay. Here are her nine best looks you need to steal right now.Someone upload this to your "Fall Fashion" board because Pinterest needs to know about this look. Sasha basically piled on every cool-weather staple (denim mini, black tights, maroon socks, moto boots, cropped sweater, etc.) to make a flawless fall OOTD. Striped dresses are officially Sasha's ~thing~ and everyone else who has ever owned/worn/seen a striped dress can just go home now. Kthnxbye. ANNOUNCEMENT: I am only wearing chambray dresses and carrying precisely two bags for the rest of the summer.For major boho/back to school vibes, Sasha paired this intricate peasant dress with cool-girl wood-sole platforms and a patched backpack. The youngest Obama totally rocked this toned-down and super-chic look with a pair of worn-in high tops. Sasha makes millennial pink look totally presidential. #Sasha2020This crisp pinstriped dress is literally the perfect look for any occasion – graduation, the mall, trips on a private jet, you name it! Brown lace-up sandals and a ballerina bun complete this preppy look. The dancing pandas on Sasha's sweater perfectly express how I feel about this outfit. Pops of bright color and funky graphics amp up a laid-back fall outfit. Lesson learned: Silk bows and layered statement necklaces are always a fashion win. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Ok, Kim. Kim Kardashian and Kanye West announced early yesterday morning that they have welcomed their third child into the world. Still no pics of the little billionaire, but Mama Kim did post an OOTD in celebration of her daughter's birthday. Appropriately, she wore an all-Yeezy athleisure look perfect for slaying around the maternity ward. Kim captioned the Instagram "#momofthree."Yay fashion! Yay babies! Kelsey is the assistant style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's a sign of the times that you need new Harry merch.If you're a true Harry Styles' fan, then we already know that you're hardcore about showing some love for your fave One Direction member. But everyone needs to be at the top of their stan game with some killer merch — especially since Harry's solo career is FINALLY here. Here are some super cute gifts for the Harry lover in your life...$5, Etsy$29, 1950 Collective$9, LMRstore$25, Etsy$11, Etsy$27, 1950 Collective$15, Etsy$9, Etsy$5, Red Bubble$3, Click2Print		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Epic. If the brand Uncommon Goods were a dude hitting on you at a party, its pick up line would be: "Did it hurt... when you broke through the glass ceiling?" And it's that feminist sentiment that inspired them to start selling necklaces made of broken glass. It sounds dangerous af, but the design is actually super stunning (and safe – the broken pieces are held in between two non-broken plates of glass). Shattered Glass Ceiling Necklace, $68, Uncommon GoodsBUY IT HERETo create the look, UG literally takes a hammer to these glass pendants, then secures them with sterling silver. According to the website, "The Shattered Glass Ceiling Necklace is a tribute to all the women who have ever crushed it."You can buy the necklace here and wear it while you shatter your own glass ceiling. Kelsey is the assistant style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			These will be the crown jewel of your shoe closet. Vans has released the prom version of your favorite sneaker and as a direct result, I'm officially swearing off heels for life. Yesterday, the skater brand gifted the world a stunning new collab that has transformed their iconic checkered slip-on into a sparkling mess of rhinestones and sequins. Behold, the wonders they have bestowed upon us!BUY IT HEREThese glimmering masterpieces were created in collaboration with designer Lirika Matoshi, the genius behind those viral bedazzled mermaid tights.  From the wonderland 🌺#lirikamatoshiA post shared by  Lirika Matoshi (@lirika.matoshi) on Jul 4, 2017 at 12:53pm PDT #lirikamatoshi special editions are out now! (Link in bio) 💙A post shared by  Lirika Matoshi (@lirika.matoshi) on Jun 10, 2017 at 9:21am PDTTragically, the collab only features one $220 sneaker, but it does come in two different styles: regular and platform. You can get both versions exclusively at Free People.BUY IT HEREIf mermaid feet are your jam, I suggest you scoop these up quick. Kelsey is the assistant style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Just take my money. TAKE ALL OF IT!Have you wished on a star recently? Well, apparently that star was lucky as HELL. Jewelry company Alex and Ani dropped a new Disney collab bracelet that ticks all. the. boxes. It's a rose gold bracelet with a snowflake-studded Mickey charm flanked by their classic "Recycle," "Made with Love," and "Energy" charms. As with most Alex and Ani bracelets, the band is expandable so that it can fit you ~perfectly~.In love? Get your own here!BUY NOW Mickey Mouse Snowflake Icon Bangle, ALEX AND ANI, $45		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"Daya by Zendaya is a sham business."While Zendaya was floating around the red carpet wearing a literal butterfly, her clothing line Daya by Zendaya was having some major issues. Customers had been placing orders and not hearing back – or receiving their packages – for months at a time. Shoppers attempted to contact customer service and when they didn't get a response, vented their frustrations on Twitter instead.  Dear @dayabyzendaya | @Zendaya are you guys still open for business? I’ve placed an order and NOTHING. It’s been over a month. I’m getting very concerned. Especially since no one from customer service has responded to my last 3 emails. Please advise. Thank you.So @dayabyzendaya and @Zendaya do you think the sweatshirt will ever be delivered? Status unchanged since 12/14 🙄Ummm. Ordered a some clothes a day after thanksgiving from @dayabyzendaya and never received my package. Someone care to explain? 😒@Zendaya@dayabyzendaya @Zendaya Been having some trouble contacting customer service about not receiving our order. Please help! 😭😭😭 #waitingforyou #sos #christmasgift@dayabyzendaya placed an order. No delivery and no response to my follow ups. Looks this company Daya by Zendaya is a sham business.  Nobody should place orders on their website.Zendaya appealed to customers on Daya by Zendaya's Instagram, saying that because of the mess-up, she has cut ties with the company that was running the brand and will be taking charge herself.Zendaya to the rescue! Kelsey is the assistant style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Her reaction to Millie's Golden Globes dress is hysterical. Anyone identifying as Millie Bobby Brown's biggest fan, you can just chill, ok? Because you might think you love Millie the most, but Ariana Grande loves her more. When Millie wore this ruffled work of art to the Golden Globes, Ariana FREAKED over her friend's fabulousness. She put your double text to shame by blowing up Millie's phone with a hilarious storm of supportive texts. I mean her reaction was totally valid, though. That dress was fire – and as Ari said, ~like yes to the back.~Kelsey is the assistant style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"Look what you did to me all day long."On Tuesday, model Ashley Graham went on The View and shared a story about a time she said she was sexually harassed on set. She said she was only 17 when it occurred and that she felt completely helpless afterward. The topic came up when the women of the show mentioned fashion photographer Terry Richardson. One victim has alleged that Richardson sexually assaulted her; Richardson has denied these claims. Ashley, for her part, told The View hosts that her experience working with him was "normal." The conversation, however, brought up old memories for Ashley, including one particular instance on an unrelated shoot when the model said a photo assistant got her alone in the middle of a "big campaign.""He lured me into this hallway, pushed me into a closet," she said on the show. "He exposed himself and he said, 'Look what you did to me all day long. Now touch it.' " Ashley says she "freaked out" and ran away, hoping no one would ever know what happened. "If [other people] found out, I thought, 'I'm never going to be hired for a job again. I'm going to be the difficult model, and nobody's going to want to work with me if they know something like that happened,'" she said on the show.She added that had she seen the kind of support she's seen recently, in the wake of the #MeToo and Time's Up movements, she may have acted differently. "I would have smacked that guy and been like, 'He's a pedophile.' I probably would have just started screaming," she said. "I would have called my agency — who knows what would have happened?"She also believes that #MeToo and Time's Up are working. "I really feel like there's women who are standing up and saying, 'No, me too, and I'm going to watch out for my sisters on set.' "Back in May, Ashley hinted at this story in an interview with Cosmopolitan and shared advice for girls who might find themselves in similar situations. From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's not a first time she's taken a stand.Selena Gomez's latest campaign for Coach is packed with couture gowns, glitzy bling, and luxe handbags. Her behind the scenes outfit is really what stands out, though. In an act of silent protest, Selena wore a tee promoting the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals emblazoned with the slogan "We Are All Dreamers."The T-shirt is to support of DREAMers, children protected under the DACA act. Currently, President Trump is attempting to end the act, which helps grant kids who were brought to the United States illegally the temporary right to live, study and work in America instead of being deported to a country they've never known. This isn't the first time Selena has taken a stand for the cause, however. When DACA first came under attack, the "Wolves" singer posted a letter to her fans, asking them to take action. Want to follow in her footsteps? Get your own DREAMers tee here.We Are All Dreamers T-shirt, $17, AmazonBUY IT HERE Kelsey is the assistant style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Dresses for all!Tommy Dorfman, AKA Ryan Shaver, is well acquainted with the no-pants game. But his latest venture into dress-wearing might be one of his best yet. At the Vanity Fair x Instagram Golden Globes pre-party, the 13 Reasons Why actor rocked a slouchy gold slip dress layered over a classic white tee. For the after-party, Tommy changed into a beaded all-black suit perfect for the occasion. But we're not here to talk about that, so for now, let's reflect on his best dress moments.Kelsey is the assistant style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			FIRE. Post-Golden Globes, celebs kept up the black-only dress code, but their looks were anything but boring. Check out all the best outfits. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Her dress will dazzle you!America Ferrera reunited with her Sisterhood of the Travelling Pants cast to announce her pregnancy on Instagram last week. Tonight she debuted her bump on the red carpet for the first time at the 2018 Golden Globes  with the help of many other strong women dressed in black for the Time's Up movement against sexual harassment.America wore a gorgeous sequined, floor-length gown with a train and walked down the carpet with other Hollywood heavyweights like Nicole Kidman...... Emma Stone and Billie Jean King...And even Mariah Carey!Could they look any more fierce in their black dresses?! Noelle Devoe is the Entertainment Editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Twitter and Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			And of course repped #TimesUp.Everyone may be wearing black tonight, but Kendall Jenner's dress definitely stands out. Why? It's next-level extra. For her first-ever Golden Globes, the model wore a textured high-low gown by Giambattista Valli that's basically taking over the world. Kenny went even more extra with these stop-everything earrings and a chic af bent bob. I wonder what Kylie's wearing tonight...Kelsey is the assistant style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She’s taking a stand against sexual harassment, assault, and abuse.Dove Cameron walking down the Golden Globes red carpet tonight was momentous for more than one reason. Not only is it the Liv and Maddie star's first time attending the Golden Globes, but she's taking part in an incredible, historical movement.Dove wore an all-black strapless, form-fitting dress as part of the Time's Up movement where celebrities are joining together in wearing black to take a stand against sexual harassment.Dove’s dress is truly gorgeous — it even features a delicate gold bow for just a tiny pop of color.Thanks for taking a stand, Dove!Noelle Devoe is the Entertainment Editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Twitter and Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			All black everything.For the 2018 Golden Globes, celebs flooded the red carpet wearing black in support of the movement Time's Up, an effort to end sexual harassment and abuse in the workplace. Here's how they turned it out. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Slay the T-shirt game. A plain white tee is the glue that holds your entire closet together – it literally goes with everything. But if you're itching for some new inspo, check out these super cute ways to pair it. 1. Under a printed jacketClockwise: Katie Floral Printed Bomber (Similar), $14, Boohoo; Marl Short Sleeve T-Shirt, $10, Topshop; Quay x Kylie As If! Sunglasses, $65, Quay Australia; Denim Pearl Stud Skirt, $40, Windsor; Unolle Sneakers, $50, Call it Spring 2. To make a cutout dress pass school dress codeClockwise: Lulna Dark Wash Eyelet Detail Dress, $27, Pretty Little Thing; Marl Short Sleeve T-Shirt, $10, Topshop; Quay x Kylie Star Struck Sunglasses, $80, Quay Australia; Lulu Bootie (Similar), $80, Nordstrom Rack; Denim City Cross Body Bag, $32, Skinny Dip London; Long Earrings, $10, H&M3. With your go-to pleather jacketClockwise: Black Faux Fur Vegan Leather Moto Jacket, $40, Lulu's; Marl Short Sleeve T-Shirt, $10, Topshop; Narrah Short Frame Cateye, $15, Cotton On; Black Suedette Pearl Ankle Strap Heels, $40, Love Culture; Give It Metallic Mini Skirt, $30, Dolls Kill; Dirore Handbag, $35, Call It Spring4. With a lot of denimClockwise: Outdoors Action Denim Jacket, $59, ModCloth; Marl Short Sleeve T-Shirt, $10, Topshop; Piper Cross Body Bag, $50, Skinny Dip London; Attitude Blue Skinny Straight Jeans, $27, PacSun; All Star Velvet Low Top, $40, Nike; Donut Phone Case, $45, Speck5. Under your homecoming dressClockwise: Marl Short Sleeve T-Shirt, $10, Topshop; Queen of Blooms Statement Necklace, $62, BaubleBar; Black Bandeau Sequin Feather Trim Dress, $90, Pretty Little Thing; Made In Spain Casual Leather Loafers, $40, T.J. Maxx; Rainbow Teena Cross Body Bag, $50, Skinny Dip LondonKelsey is the assistant style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			So much yes.Last night, the 2017 Golden Globes was every girl's prom night fantasy. From 3-D floral ball gowns to head-to-toe shimmer, the star-studded (literally – I see you, Emma Stone) red carpet featured all the hottest looks you'll want to steal. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			These fresh lewks are sweeter than a box of chocolates. Valentine's Day, whether spent with bae or your squad, can be tough to dress for. We're all about that comfy-cool vibe, so we've gathered 10 looks (each with a chic sneak) that look totally fab, but still have that I-woke-up-like-this ease you covet. Read on for all the outfit inspo you need to celebrate ~love~ and prepare to win the day.Who said EVERYTHING on Valentine’s Day has to be red? Try embroidered floral jeans for a fresh romantic feel. Pair with a matching AIME sweatshirt (it means "love" in French, oui oui) plus some on-trend white Chucks. Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Low Tops, $50, nike.comSHOP NOWOld Navy Sueded Dual-Zip Crossbody Bag, $22, oldnavy.comSHOP NOWTrouva On The Rise Aime Grey Marl & Neon Orange Slogan Sweater, $45, trouva.comSHOP NOWAbercrombie & Fitch Low-Rise Ankle Jeans, $44, abercrombie.comSHOP NOWFor that "cozy on the couch" mood, reach for a classic cream sweater dress and a black denim jacket, then make it totally yours with an anatomical heart pin. Converse Chuck Taylor All Star High Top, $55, nike.comSHOP NOWForever21 Red Faux Leather Crossbody Envelope Bag, $18, forever21.comSHOP NOWTrouva Rock Cakes Anatomical Heart Enamel Pin, $10, trouva.comSHOP NOWHollister Sherpa-Lined Oversized Denim Jacket, $35, hollister.comSHOP NOWAbercrombie & Fitch Cream Sweater Dress, $58, abercrombie.comSHOP NOWNothing says "Hello, style!" like a pop of color, so try a pair of bright shoes with an otherwise muted ensemble. Go for sweet, delicate heart earrings for an *extra* special touch. Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Low Top, $50, nike.comSHOP NOWClaire's MM Sterling Silver Heart Stud Earrings, $13, claires.comSHOP NOWHollister Chunky Turtleneck Sweater, $25, hollister.comSHOP NOWTopshop MOTO Denim Mini Skirt, $55, topshop.comSHOP NOWHas there ever been a more fitting sweatshirt for your V-Day vibes? Wear it with a cute corduroy skirt, white low top Chucks, and a timeless jean jacket to stop admirers in their tracks. Converse Chuck Taylor All Stars Low Top, $50, nike.comSHOP NOWAéropostale Seriously Stretchy Medium Wash Denim Jacket, $35, aeropostale.comSHOP NOWMiss Selfridge Burgundy ‘Heartbreaker’ Sweatshirt, $49, missselfridge.comSHOP NOWAmerican Eagle Outfitters Navy Cord Zip Front Skirt, $24, ae.comSHOP NOWWhen in doubt, go head-to-toe black. But on Valentine's, a touch of red can't hurt, amiright? A lariat necklace will streamline things, so those sneakers are even more date-night appropriate. Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Low Top, $50, nike.comShop NowGarcia Jeans Red Bomber Jacket, $84, yoox.comSHOP NOWForever21 Heart Charm Lariat Necklace, $3, forever21.comSHOP NOWHollister Black Ribbed Crop Mockneck Sweater, $35, hollister.comSHOP NOWAmerican Eagle Outfitters Black Velvet Culottes, $27, ae.comSHOP NOWMonochromatic = the easiest way to look fire AF, especially when it's done in millennial pink. A charming necklace rounds it all out.Converse Chuck Taylor All Star High Top, $55, nike.comSHOP NOWDogeared Sterling Silver Love You Yesterday Necklace, $22, c21.comSHOP NOWMango Pink Knitted Braided Sweater, $40, mango.comSHOP NOWH&M; Crushed- Velvet Skirt, $25, hm.comSHOP NOWFor just the right amount of ~edge~, go for a chunky sweatshirt and a purse with a sturdy silver chain. Black skinnies are eternally flattering. Converse Chuck Taylor All Star High Top, $55, nike.comSHOP NOWH&M; Small Black Shoulder Bag, $18, hm.comSHOP NOWTarget Silver Beaded Chain with Heart Accents, $10, target.comSHOP NOWAmerican Eagle Outfitters Cold Shoulder Sweatshirt, $28, ae.comSHOP NOWH&M; Black Skinny High Ripped Jeans, $35, hm.comSHOP NOWA Feb. 14 movie night calls for a chunky sweater and the denim du jour. Throw on some bold high tops and delicate accessories for festive flair.Converse Chuck Taylor All Star High Top, $55, nike.comSHOP NOWH&M; Silver Double-Strand Necklace, $8, hm.comSHOP NOWForever21 Silver Metallic Crossbody Bag, $8, forever21.comSHOP NOWAbercrombie & Fitch Airspun Mock Neck Cable Sweater, $41, abercrombie.comSHOP NOWRiver Island Mid Blue Amelie Ripped Hem Super Skinny Jeans, $84, riverisland.comSHOP NOWRoses are red, and this backpack is everything. Keep the rest of your outfit classic (from the Chucks to '90s-inspired skirt) to let the bag do all the talking.Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Low Top, $50, nike.comSHOP NOWGap True Black Solid Cotton Tights, $7, gap.comSHOP NOWZumiez Black Rose Embroidered Mini Backpack, $25, zumiez.comSHOP NOWMango Open Work-Detail Sweater, $50, mango.comSHOP NOWH&M; Black Circle Skirt, $13, hm.comSHOP NOWYou may not be looking to give your love away, but this adorbs sweater is still totally worth the buy. A patent crossbody keeps it grounded in the *right now.*Converse Chuck Taylor All Star High Top, $55, nike.comSHOP NOWForever21 Red Faux Leather Crossbody Bag, $2, forever21.comSHOP NOWSheIn Contrast Heart Jumper Sweater, $24, shein.comSHOP NOWRiver Island Black High Waisted Harper Skinny Jeans, $80, riverisland.comSHOP NOW		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			And the internet is currently DRAGGING them. Coach just dropped their latest ad campaign with Selena Gomez, but there's just one problem: Selena is nowhere in sight. Fans are saying that the "Wolves" singer has been edited so intensely in the photos that she's barely recognizable.Commenters sounded off. One said, "amazing you guys made Selena look like anything but Selena." Another fan asked: "What have you done to her face? She didn't need any Photoshop." Sel seems unbothered by the controversy, however. She shared one of the photos, captioned "A New Year’s first just for you guys- I’m so excited to reveal my new @Coach campaign."Kelsey is the assistant style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Yes, you can actually afford it. Sometimes Gigi Hadid wears jeans with Zayn Malik's name painstakingly embroidered across the buttcheek and other times, she goes for a chill af sweater from your favorite store in the mall. Gigi conquered the NYC snow wearing a mustard fur coat, army boots, and a camel H&M; sweater.Her super cozy turtleneck only costs $60 and is currently available here for all your cold weather layering needs. BUY IT HEREAnd if you want to dupe the rest of her look, H&M; also has a mustard coat similar to Gigi's. Happy shopping!BUY IT HEREKelsey is the assistant style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			HOLY SH*T.In today's news, the dress Meghan Markle wore in her engagement photos is worth more than my life. The couture number was created by the celeb-favorite designer brand Ralph & Russo and costs a whopping $75,000. I mean, just look at that gold embroidery. Originally, the gown was designed to be a naked dress, with a totally see-through top and partially-sheer skirt. Though, for ~royal~ reasons (read: to avoid any nip slips), it appears that Meghan had the gown lined.Literally a dress fit/priced for a queen.Kelsey is the assistant style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			...At least it's less than the $75,000 engagement shoot dress?So far this week, you've only missed Meghan Markle's first royal Christmas, including her first public appearance with her future sister-in-law Kate Middleton, and her first public curtsy to the queen. It's fine! Now that you're here, let's talk about her v. expensive and chic royal Christmas outfit!According to JustJared, Meghan wore a $1,295 Sentaler calf-length camel coat (Town & Country notes Kate Middleton is a fan of the brand too). She paired with it a $1,550 Chloé bag, as well as $798 brown Stuart Weitzman boots. To top it off, she wore, uh, very expensive ($5,995) diamond earrings. It's unclear what she wore underneath the coat, but let's not bank on an H&M cami.That totals a little less than $10,000 all in. Granted, that's less than the reported $75,000 her stunning engagement shoot dress cost, but LOL.In case you're feeling Kate's more festive look, well, it doesn't matter. It's a Miu Miu peacoat and it's sold out, POPSUGAR reports.Sorry, y'all!Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You'll look straight fire, promise. The whole athleisure thing is definitely here to stay—which means you can (and should) work your go-to sneaks into your everyday wardrobe for school. But before you throw out all your non-sweatpants, remember that looking cute is all about a high-low mix. Pull on a pair of Converse Chucks with totally on-trend pieces for a lewk that's fresh and 100% you. (And, bonus, if you need a study break, Converse high tops make the perfect doodle canvas, too.) Here, four ways to style the classic shoes that you'll actually want to wear. Outfit inspo for the entire winter, coming right up.On Alexis (left): Frame Cropped Linen Tee (similar), $129, frame-store.com; Hamlet’s Vintage Red T-Shirt, $35, hamletsvintage.com; Mother Tomcat Roller Chew jeans, $228, motherdenim.com; Ray-Ban Aviator Optics, $168, ray-ban.com; Converse Chuck Taylor All Star High Tops, $55, nike.com; Free People Jaded Anklet, $12, freepeople.comOn Lia (right): Bratty Enterprises Custom Embroidered T-Shirt, from $50, brattyenterprises.com; Hamlet’s Vintage Paparazzi Mustard Bomber, $89, hamletsvintage.com; Mother Swooner Ankle Fray jeans, $248, motherdenim.com; Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Low Tops, $50, nike.com; Ariel Gordon cuff, shop similar: Eve’s Addiction Engraveable Monogram Circle Signet Gold Cuff Bracelet, $42, evesaddiction.com; Kara Yoo Cuff Bangle, $46, karayoo.com; J. Luu necklace worn as a bracelet, shop similar: Delicate Diamond 14K Gold Over Silver Heart Pendant Necklace, $30, kohls.comEven if your school doesn't allows decks, you can still dress like a skater. Vintage-inspired jeans and a leather jacket are always chic AF, and you probably already own a pair of those tiny sunglasses that are ~everything~ right now.On Alexis (right): Frame Cheetah Velveteen Flare, $415, frame-store.com; L’Ecole Des Femmes Oui & Non White Tee, $69, lecoledesfemmes.com; Elizabeth and James Francois Exaggerated Cuff Shirt, $345, thedreslyn.com; ASOS Brave Soul PU Biker Jacket (similar), $64, asos.com; Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Low Tops, $50, nike.com; Adam Selman x Le Specs The Last Lolita Crystal Hot Pink glasses, $120, openingceremony.com; H&M; Triple-Strand Necklace, $8, hm.comOn Lia (left): Maison Kitsune Jacquard Speedboat Top, $220, kitsune.fr; Maison Kistune Jacquard Speedboat Skirt, $285, kitsune.fr; Frame coat, shop similar: Express Collarless Pieced Faux Fur Coat, $101, express.com; Illesteva Marianne Sunglasses, $190, illesteva.com; Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Low Tops, $50, nike.com; Free People Swept Away Anklet, $10, freepeople.comNewsflash: Winter coats don't need to be ginormous. Sure, a walking sleeping bag is *100* if you're going sledding, but dial up the fabulous a bit for school hours. Pair a cropped puffer or bomber with a midi-dress and sneakers with socks for just the right mount of bare leg. A flirty pom pom hat will keep your ears warm without that whole abominable snowman vibe.On Alexis (left): Zara Contrast Lace Dress, $50, zara.com; Levi’s Fleece Hoodie, $248, levi.com; Rachel Antonoff Peggy Puffer, $398, rachelantonoff.com; Herschel Supply Co. Grove Velvet Backpack, $60, urbanoutfitters.com; Converse Chuck Taylor All Star High Tops, $55, nike.com; Clyde Quilted Military Hat, $112, clyde.world; H&M; Glittery Socks, $8, hm.comOn Lia (right): Alexander Wang Wash & Go Slip Dress, $325, alexanderwang.com; Alexander Wang jacket, shop similar: Topshop Cropped Bomber Jacket, $75, topshop.com; Eastpak backpack, urbanoutfitters.com; Eugenia Kim hat, shop similar: My Accessories Beanie, $17, asos.com; Illesteva Baxter Sunglasses, $230, illesteva.com; H&M; Glittery Socks, $8, hm.com; Converse All Star Chuck Taylor High Tops, $55, nike.comPlaying in the big game? Or watching the big game? Either way, channel your inner athlete by pulling on classic high-tops and a layered cropped hoodie. Keep the makeup minimal for an I-woke-up-like-this win.On Alexis (right): Maison Kitsune gym shorts, kitsune.fr; Topshop Cropped Hoodie, $45, topshop.com; Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Classic Color Low Top, $100, converse.com; H&M; Windbreaker (similar), $18, hm.com; ASOS South Beach Visor (similar), $16, asos.com; Kara Yoo Arlo Large Hoops, $66, karayoo.com; Out From Under Sporty Gym Crew Socks, $12, urbanoutfitters.comOn Lia (left): Maison Kitsune jacket, kitsune.fr; Out From Under Cropped Hoodie Sweatshirt, $39, urbanoutfitters.com; Topshop Popper Track Pants, $68, topshop.com; Champion Logo Socks, $12, urbanoutfitters.com; Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Low Tops, $50, nike.comPhotographed by Amanda Pratt; Hair by Gavin Harwin; Makeup by Colleen Runne; Styling by Rachel Pincus; Styling Assisted by Meaghan Hartland.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Sequins on literally EVERYTHING. Sequins, glitter, metallics, rhinestones – yep, I'm talking about your New Year's Eve outfit. Celebrate the *sparkliest* way possible in these five adorable looks. Clockwise: Iboewen Collar, $10, Aldo; Vega Sequin Party Tee, $59, Urban Outfitters; Bheart, $68, Steve Madden;  Metallic Knit Cami Dress, $45, Forever 21; Embellished Pearl Block-Heel Booties, $75, Macy'sClockwise: Bigby Black Sequin Moto Jacket, $120, Lulu's; Sequin Crop Cami, $20, Forever 21; Thyphainne, $25, Aldo; Rainbow Glitter Oxford, $110, Urban Outfitters; Lace Up Skinny Jeans by The Edit by Seventeen, $35, Macy's Clockwise: Abstract Sequined Bomber (Similar), $40, Forever 21; Open-Back Velvet Dress, $35, Macy's; Bionde Hat, $11, Aldo; Kenna Heels, $50, Betsey Johnson; Icon Box Clutch, Nordstrom Clockwise: Ziggy Metallic Fitted Trucker Jacket, $89, Urban Outfitters; Bon Jovi Band Tee (Similar), $20, Forever 21; Sequin High Top Sneaker, $70, Urban Outfitters; Glow-Getter Black Pearl Skirt, $42, Lulu'sClockwise: Off The Cuff Shimmer Top, $49, Urban Outfitters; Celestial Scarlet Stone Necklace, $68, Betsey Johnson; Evelyn Sequin Bodycon Dress, $21, Boohoo; Merane-N, $70, Aldo; Quilty As Charged Velvet Crossbody, $45, Betsey Johnson		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Dress to dance ~all~ night.New Year's Eve is just around the corner, so we know you’ve already started thinking about what you’re going to wear. As the most party-centric holiday of the year, December 31st usually involves getting dressed way up in festive frocks and sky-high heels, but that's not a requirement (who knew?). In honor of those who prefers sneakers over stilettos and denim over diamonds, we’ve rounded up awesome looks that aren’t dresses. From jeans and sneakers to sparkly skirts and sweaters, see our picks for a fuss-free night, ahead. Instead of a mini, try a romper—it’s just as fun, but a lot cooler (and way easier to bust a move in). Add high tops and glittering accessories for an unexpected pairing that’ll stand out at even the most crowded event. Converse Chuck Taylor All-Star High Top Unisex Shoe, $55, nike.comSHOP NOWStar Velvet One Shoulder Playsuit, $75, topshop.comSHOP NOWSilver Tone Mono Cup Chain Drop Earrings, $8, riverisland.comSHOP NOWGlitter Metallic Envelope Clutch, $10, charlotterusse.comSHOP NOWEven the most low-key NYE plans deserve a special outfit—if only for the Insta likes. Upgrade your go-to leggings-and-T-shirt look by going for faux leather pants and an oversized metallic blazer. They're perfect for watching the ball drop from the comfort of your couch. Converse Chuck Taylor All-Star Low Top Unisex Shoe, $50, nike.comSHOP NOWMetallic Faux Suede Jacket, $90, zara.comSHOP NOWStretch PU Trousers, $65, topshop.comSHOP NOWStriped T-Shirt With Patches, $10, zara.comSHOP NOWFaux Fur Crossbody Bag, $10, charlotterusse.comSHOP NOWAfter buying all your holiday presents, who has the cash to splurge on a fancy New Years Eve dress? This affordable and seriously comfy jacket makes a crop top winter-appropriate, and holographic accessories lend a celebratory vibe to any outfit. Converse Chuck Taylor All-Star High Top Unisex Shoe, $55, nike.comSHOP NOWCircle and Stick Drop Earrings, $14, topshop.comSHOP NOWStud Rib Flute Sleeve Crop Top, $60, topshop.comSHOP NOWGlittery Skirt, $18, hm.comSHOP NOWHolly Collared Faux Fur Coat, $43, boohoo.comSHOP NOWWhen it comes to an end-of-year soirée, don't leave home without your favorite (and comfiest) kicks. Ultra-festive sequined separates and a luxe, faux-fur topper glam up your tried-and-true Chucks.Converse Chuck Taylor All-Star High Top Unisex Shoe, $55, nike.comSHOP NOWPink Short Faux Fur Coat, $70, newlook.comSHOP NOWGold Tone Faceted Oversized Hoop Earrings, $14, riverisland.comSHOP NOWJessy All Over Sequin Stripe Wrap Top, $37, boohoo.comSHOP NOWEllie Star Embellished Woven Mini Skirt, $15, boohoo.comSHOP NOWDenim lovers, rejoice: As a rule of thumb, jeans can pretty much always be turned up with the addition of a ~sexy~ top and playful accessories. Slay in dark-washed denim, classic low-top sneakers, and an on-trend metallic crop top. Converse Chuck Taylor All-Star Low Top, $50, nike.comSHOP NOWGlitter Convertible Box Clutch, $11, charlotterusse.comSHOP NOWSilver Metallic Frill Cami Bralette, $52, riverisland.comSHOP NOWMetallic Trims Jeans, $80, mango.comSHOP NOWCrystal Tassel Chandelier Earrings, $4, charlotterusse.com SHOP NOWIf your everyday vibe is more sporty than glam, getting done up can feel kind of awkward. Instead of buying a new dress (that tbh you’ll probably never wear again), pair your go-to bomber jacket and low-top sneakers with an easy-to-wear sequined mini skirt. Converse Chuck Taylor All-Star Low Top, $50, nike.comSHOP NOWSara MA1 Bomber Jacket, $19, boohoo.comSHOP NOWBrittany Metallic Spot Sheer One Shoulder Top, $13, boohoo.comSHOP NOWTyla All Over Sequin Mini Skirt, $17, boohoo.comSHOP NOWMetal Tassel Earrings, $28, topshop.comSHOP NOWNYE plans more "house party" than "blowout bash"? A metallic crop top with (surprisingly flattering) jeans and high-top sneaks is fashion-forward without being over-the-top. Add interesting extras, like a velvet choker and a thin black belt for an extra dose of chic.Converse Chuck Taylor All-Star High Top, $55, nike.comSHOP NOWHigh-Rise Fit Mom Jeans, $40, zara.comSHOP NOWGreen Emerald Tone Jewel Velvet Choker Set, $24, riverisland.comSHOP NOWBlack Jacquard Puff Sleeve Bardot Crop Top, $40, riverisland.comSHOP NOWPU Skinny Triple Keeper Belt, $20, topshop.comSHOP NOWPair a stretchy bodysuit and all-black kicks with comfy pants that offer max sparkle. Heading outside? A cozy coat (ideally in a fun color or print) will keep you warm without ruining your party ~lewk~. Converse Chuck Taylor All-Star Low Top, $50, nike.comSHOP NOWLexi Leopard Faux Fur Coat, $70, boohoo.comSHOP NOWMila Textured Deep Plunge Wrap Bodysuit, $9, boohoo.comSHOP NOWGold-Tone Triple Layer Star Necklace, $10, claires.comSHOP NOWSequined Trousers, $80, mango.comSHOP NOW		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			🔥🔥🔥Post-operation, Francia Raisa and Selena Gomez have not been ashamed to show off their battle scars. Selena posted a photo of her scar on Instagram and Francia has even flaunted hers on the red carpet. Once again, Francia is proving that scars are nothing to be ashamed of, putting hers on full display at the Hollywood premiere of Grown-ish. The Secret Life of the American Teenager star wore a cropped baby tee with striped culottes, clearly showing the souvenir of her kidney donation. Homegirl has never looked better.Kelsey is the assistant style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Hint: wear MORE sparkle.That extra af New Year's Eve dress doesn't have to be a one hit wonder. These genius styling tricks will give you an excuse to rock that mini for basically any occasion. Here are five super cute ways you can wear it.Clockwise: Metallic Moto Jacket, $80, Macy's; Davina Mauve Sequin Backless Mini Dress, $106, Lulu's; Sorcha Blush Glitter Ankle Strap Heels (Similar), $29, Lulu's; Flame Amy Cross Body Bag, $50, Skinny Dip LondonClockwise: Davina Mauve Sequin Backless Mini Dress, $106, Lulu's; Champagne Glitter Trainers, $48, Topshop; Petite Glitter Mesh Denim Skirt, $90, Topshop; Printed Bag, ASOSClockwise: Madelhari Warrior Bib, $38, BaubleBar; Los Angeles Graphic Tee (Similar), $9, Forever 21; Buckled Boot, $70, American Eagle; Davina Mauve Sequin Backless Mini Dress, $106, Lulu's; Savage Backpack, $45, Skinny Dip LondonClockwise: Rhinestone Denim Jacket, $35, H&M; Richmond Gem Purse, $22, Topshop; Davina Mauve Sequin Backless Mini Dress, $106, Lulu's; Alana Denim Peep Toe Bootie, $40, Francesca'sClockwise: Dobby Mesh Top with Ruffle Sleeves, $35, ASOS; Davina Mauve Sequin Backless Mini Dress, $106, Lulu's; Night Out Pearl Sunglass, $30, Free People; Shine Handbag Collection, $24, Kohl's; Gazelle Pom Pom Court Shoes, $75, TopshopKelsey is the assistant style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Sound the alarm!In case you were looking for something to wear with your rose gold Minnie ears and rose gold Disney bracelet, Disney is releasing a new spirit jersey-style T-shirt in the perfect shade of—yes, you guessed correctly—rose gold. Disney Style teased the new release a few days ago on their Instagram with a close-up of the Disneyland version (there’s a Disney World one, too!) of the shirt with a pair of rose gold Minnie ears on top, proving that they’d make the perfect outfit to wear the next time you’re at a Disney resort.Yesterday, they posted a video of the shirts saying that they are “coming to @disneyland, @waltdisneyworld, and @shopdisneyparks soon!” There’s no official word yet about what “soon” actually means, but it’s safe to assume that it’ll be this month since these would be the perfect Christmas gift for anyone obsessed with Disney and rose gold.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Baby, all I want for Christmas is this dress.Holiday parties require a ~fancy~ new dress. Shop these stunning looks with major festive flair – and all under a hundred!Red High Neck Velvet Dress, $17, MissguidedParty In My Sequined Midi Dress, $23, GoJaneSomething Something Bodycon, $78, Free PeopleLola Sequin Dress, $92, RevolvePlus Size Sequin Shift Dress, $70, Deb Shops Kikiriki Faux Gem Mini Dress, $78, Forever 21 Short Sleeveless Textured-Print Homecoming Dress, $69, PromGirlBlack Star Mesh Ruffle Cold Shoulder Dress, $56, TorridPuffed-Shoulder Satin Dress, $60, MangoBlack & Red Floral Print Velvet Faux Wrap Dress, $49, TorridJacquard Weave Dress, $30, H&MShort Fit and Flare Party Dress with Lace Top, $29, PromGirlSequined Open-Back Dress by the Edit by Seventeen, $50, Macy'sSatin Off-the-Shoulder Short Homecoming Party Dress, $99, PromGirlSpecial Occasion Sequin Tulle Skater Dress, $31, TorridBeaded Dress, $40, H&MBoutique Naya Sequin Chiffon Bodycon Dress, $52, BoohooPlus Size Sequin Romper, $68, Forever 21		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Kendall Jenner and Blake Griffin have been spotted on several dates over the past few months and they just keep getting cuter and cuter as a couple. Exhibit A: On Friday night, they were both spotted leaving The Avalon in Hollywood and Kendall was spotted wearing Blake's Ermenegildo Zegna coat.The jacket was even inscribed with Blake's name on the inside. Under the Los Angeles Clippers star's jacket, Kendall went braless in a very sheer top—a classic Kendall move.  From: Marie Claire US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Because yes, leggings ARE pants. Anyone who says "leggings aren't pants" is clearly a bad influence on your life and should be cut off immediately – you don't need that kind of negativity. Prove to them that leggings can be worn for all occasions with these five super cute outfits that require zero "real" pants. Clockwise: Race You Red Track Jacket, $66, Tobi; Lipstick Attack T-shirt, $35, Yeah Bunny; Fast Track Platform Sneaker, $60, Nasty Gal; Fringed PU Leggings, $85, Topshop; Love Me Not Backpack, $39, Dolls KillClockwise: Extreme Rip Oversized Denim Jacket, $95, Topshop; All That Logo Womens Ringer Tee, $29, Box Lunch; Tonal Suede Platform Sneakers, $60, T.J. Maxx; Want a Piece of Snake Clutch, $36, Nasty Gal; Gingham Leggings, $30, TopshopClockwise: T-Shirt with Ruffle Sleeve, $29, ASOS; Round Frame Sunglasses, $24, Gap; Black Knitted Peep Toe Ankle Boots, $86, Missguided; Dakota Detail Legging, $11,Cotton On; Retro Delight Floral Mini Bag, $19, GoJaneClockwise: Rose Printed Crop Leggings, $20, T.J. Maxx; Iridescent Sequin Baseball Cap, $7, Forever 21; SK8-Hi Core Classics, $65, Zappos; Active Metallic Luxury Hoodie, $8, Forever 21; Poison 3D iPhone Case, $38, Valfre; Linea Bluetooth Wireless Headphones, $160, ShopbopClockwise: Embroidered Floral Hoodie, $24, Forever 21; Belle Striped Graphic Crop Top, $7, Macy's; Pyramid Trek Metallic Sneakers, $14, GoJane; Active Camo Print Leggings, $23, Forever 21Kelsey is the assistant style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			'Tis the season to spoil your stylish friends, after all! With Thanksgiving in the rearview mirror, the holiday season is *officially* in full swing. While that’s definitely a good thing (hello, winter break), it also means it’s time to get started on your holiday shopping — which, tbh, can be kind of stressful, especially if you’re low on funds. So, in the spirit of giving, we’ve rounded up a list of can’t-miss giftables for the fashion-forward friends (and family) in your life, none of which will make your wallet cry. Consider your shopping taken care of. Gifting jewelry can be tricky, but a sleek, delicate pendant necklace — like this dainty initial-engraved version from BaubleBar — is always a safe bet. Get one for your chicest pal, or grab 'em for all the girls in your squad for a new spin on the friendship necklace. Initial Bar Pendant, $38, baublebar.comSHOP NOWEvery fashionista needs a pair of glasses to shield her eyes from the UV rays (and the constant camera flashes she’ll have to endure once she becomes a famous influencer, obvi). Grab oversized cat-eye sunnies for your vintage-loving BFF; blue-lensed round frames for the streetstyle star; or a pink-lensed pair in a classic shape for your friend who’s always on top of the trends. MG.4 Sunglasses, FOSTER GRANT, $40BUY NOWTS.6 Sunglasses, FOSTER GRANT, $40BUY NOWVMR.2 Sunglasses, FOSTER GRANT, $40BUY NOWCheeky t-shirts are the foundation of every model-off-duty uniform. Help your bestie nail the star ~lewk~ with an easy-to-wear top that’ll turn heads and look fire.White 'Heartbreaker' Slogan T-Shirt, $27, missselfridge.comSHOP NOWGive your bae the Cinderella treatment with on-trend mules in an eye-catching finish. This flat, slip-on pair is comfy AF (for real, they’re basically slippers), but the metallic floral pattern makes ‘em stylish enough to wear on the reg. Come Into Bloom Floral Mule, $44, nastygal.comSHOP NOWFor your favorite fashion blogger-in-training, a cute and unique phone case is a can’t-fail gift (after all, she needs to protect her phone while she’s ‘gramming her outfits).Awaken Embroidered iPhone Case, $35, zgla.comSHOP NOWHelp your ride-or-die ensure her #ootds get posted ASAP with a chic cross-body bag that doubles as a phone charger. Even better, this Apt. 9 steal has three roomy pockets for storing all the essentials, plus an easy-to-use battery pack for charging on the go. Apt. 9 Protect & Connect RFID-Blocking Phone Charging Crossbody Bag, $25, kohls.comSHOP NOWBaby, it’s burrrrrrr outside…but thankfully, bundling up has never looked better. Your girl will stay toasty and trendy with a faux fur stole in a luxe teal shade, like this inexpensive version from Brit brand Newlook. Teal Faux Fur Collar, $26, newlook.comSHOP NOWIf you two can agree on anything, it's that maintaining your aesthetic — even when it's frigid — is *key*, right? Good news: a luxe pair of gloves (this suede-and-leather version from Target gets bonus points for being smartphone-friendly) is totally what she needs.Suede and Leather Tech Gloves, $24, target.comSHOP NOWJewelry can resuscitate an otherwise boring outfit. She'll love these structural, swirled earrings from River Island — and, since hoops are one of this winter’s biggest jewelry trends, you know they'll get a ton of use.Silver Tone Swirl Hoop Earrings, $20, riverisland.comSHOP NOWTalk about the gift that keeps on giving: This pair doubles as a chic headband, so her style will rock along with her tunes.Skinnydip London Gold Crown Headphones, $34, riverisland.comSHOP NOW		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			YAS, QUEEN.We should have seen this royal wedding coming years ago, because Meghan Markle has always dressed like a freakin' queen. Here are some of her very best, most stunning fashion moments EVER. (Prince Harry, eat your heart out.)If you can tear your eyes away from Meghan's sparkly new engagement ring, her prim white coat is so fierce. This dress basically predicted Meghan's future: royalty. This slouchy look is the ultimate way to do a little black dress – edgy, artsy, and super sleek.This combo is basically Meghan's red carpet uniform. The princess-to-be loves a bold-colored dress with a pop-y statement shoe. This look is solid evidence that every dress looks ~fashion~ with edgy lace heels and an embellished clutch. I strive to be the type of person who could wear only white and not spill on it. I also strive to be a princess. Meghan is really repping her show Suits in this short set. Honestly, just make this girl queen right now – this outfit requires a crown. Tulle and florals make this profesh one-piece look totally glam. I'm guessing that after this photo was taken Meghan spent the rest of the night frolicking around a magical forest. Blair Waldorf? Or future ruler of England? The only way this look could get any hotter is if you set it on fire. Just sayin'. This all red look pops with a hint of metallic and elegant brocade. This 'fit may look super glam, but you know she picked it because those pants are probz comfy af. This beaded teal mini dress is what prom dreams are made of. A studded moto jacket and a little snakeskin makes any outfit look totally badass. Okay, so Meghan Markle is actually an actress, a princess, and a mermaid. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			🔥🔥🔥Post-wings, these Angels slayed the red carpet just as hard as they did on stage. Here are all the *hottest* looks the models wore to the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show after party! 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Sun's out buns out. All your favorite people to stalk on Instagram flocked to the Bahamas last weekend for a few days of luxurious yacht-lounging and high-quality candid photos in honor of Hailey Baldwin's 21st birthday. Kendall Jenner, Bella Hadid, Justine Skye, Camila Morrone, Isabella Peschardt, and Renell Medrano all showed up in sexy af swimsuits, played with wild boars, and just generally gave everyone FOMO. Kendall and Bella hit peak '90s while twinning hard in a pair of thong bikinis.Do you think they planned that? Kelsey is the assistant style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Shiny, shimmery, dazzling perfection.Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are engaged! Hoorah! Not jealous!Kensington Palace announced the news this morning, sharing that the couple will marry in spring 2018, which YESSSSSSSSS. Harry and Meghan appeared for the first time as an engaged couple at 2pm GMT for a photo call in front of their apartment at Kensington Palace and Meghan gave us a first look at what we've all been waiting for: THE RING!Harry designed the ring himself, which includes a center diamond from Botswana and two diamonds on each side which come from his mother, Princess Diana's, personal collection. Court Jewelers Cleave and Company made the ring.BREAKING RING: #princeharry designed the diamond engagement ring. One stone from Botswana and two diamonds from Diana’s personal collection💍 pic.twitter.com/TjpkRJWLzRThe two appeared jubilant as they posed for photographers.Meghan wore a white wrap coat from Canadian label Line and nude heels that appear to be these strappy guys from Aquazzura. Prince Harry & Meghan Markle arrive for a photocall at Kensington Palace Gardens on the day their engagement is announced. pic.twitter.com/YkcEvosY9LFrom: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			GIVE ME YOUR CLOSETS!Even though they're BFFs, Betty Cooper and Veronica Lodge are complete opposites. Betty is (usually) soft-spoken and sweet, while Veronica is blunt and has been known to bite off a head or two. Their style is equally opposite: Veronica loves black, navy, and dark purple, while Betty basically lives in pastels. Lili Reinhart, who plays Betty, posted a sneek peak from the next season of Riverdale and it looks like the besties are going to have similar fashion vibes for season three. Check out these matching collars. Of course, V accessorized her with her trademark pearls.Here's hoping the girls do a closet swap for next season. Kelsey is the assistant style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Not awkward AT ALL.The Victoria's Secret Fashion Show is almost upon us, and that means epic AF pictures of Harry Styles' performance are making their rounds on the Internet. If you're a Harry stan (I mean, who isn't?), then you've probably already seen the adorable dance moves that he pulled out during his special moment onstage. But have you considered that the VS Fashion Show might be more than sparkly bras and bronzer to our dear Hazza? Just think about it: He's performing in front of not one, not two, but THREE of his exes. That's right, Sara Sampaio, Georgie Fowler, and Nadine Leopold all walked in the show as Harry performed.Sound awkward? Well, Twitter came through with some feels for you...Ever feel so jealous but so NOT jealous at the same time? Godspeed, Harry.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			These looks are so hot they'll make you sweat!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			So much slayage.The AMAs needs to add an award for most slayage on the red carpet, because these looks are FIRE.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Living for this twinning. Demi has arrived, y'all!The "Sorry Not Sorry" singer showed up to the 2017 American Music Awards in a sheer black gown, Rapunzel-length extensions, and a soft pink matte lip. Her understated-glam look is kind of giving me deja vu, because at last year's MTV Video Music Awards, Kim Kardashian rocked a super similar vibe. Kim wore another look-alike outfit again for a date with Kanye West, because let's face it – sheer fabrics are kind of her ~thing~. Maybe these two should just start sharing closets. (I would live for that.) Kelsey is the assistant style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Justin Bieber is a lucky guy.Fans have been waiting patiently for the music video for Selena Gomez's "Wolves," her new collaboration with the DJ Marshmello. It's finally here, and Gomez doesn't disappoint, particularly as she manages several flawless costume changes, looking nothing short of perfect in every single one.The song came out last month, before Gomez and Justin Bieber started hanging out again, and before they reportedly made their relationship exclusive once more. And now that Gomez has unfollowed her ex The Weeknd on Instagram, it's pretty clear that things are back on between Bieber and Gomez for real. The couple's reunion has made people all over the world believe, if only momentarily, that love actually exists. I'm a major cynic, and even I hope that Gomez and Bieber stay together this time. Gomez's new music video might not have a plot, per se, but it does feature the singer wearing several incredible outfits, and walking on water. Basically, Bieber is a lucky guy, but we all knew that, right? There's this impeccable two-piece:There's Gomez's diving board attire:And a red suit with a bright fuchsia bra underneath: This jaw-droppingly beautiful, sparkly wrap dress:The stunning, high-slit, silk gown:And there's what Gomez wears to walk on water:While the song was undoubtedly written before Gomez and Bieber's reunion, it's impossible not interpret the lyrics as being hopeful about a lost love. Gomez sings on "Wolves," "I've looked for love in every stranger/Took too much to ease the anger/All for you..." which could almost read as a response to Bieber's "Sorry." Watch the full video now:From: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Contracts, contracts, contracts.Back in August, tons of models gushed over the fact that they had been chosen to walk in this year's Victoria's Secret Fashion Show, but Kendall Jenner wasn't among them. As people waited for her to post about her own excitement, a source close to the Kardashians/Jenners told TMZ she most certainly would not be at the event.The reason cited was a "multi-million dollar deal" the model had recently inked for La Perla lingerie. A noncompete clause in Kendall's La Perla contract reportedly meant that she could not appear to support a major lingerie brand such as VS. write to me 🌹 @laperlalingerie #LaPerla_AmbassadorA post shared by  Kendall (@kendalljenner) on Aug 29, 2017 at 12:19pm PDTInterestingly enough, while many of her model friends were posting #TBTs of their past VS runway appearances and thanking VS for including them yet again, Kendall posted some very sexy new La Perla lingerie campaign images. 🍒🍒🍒 @laperlalingerieA post shared by  Kendall (@kendalljenner) on Aug 24, 2017 at 12:37pm PDTIntriguing timing!The 2017 Victoria's Secret Fashion show will be held in Shanghai and air on CBS on Nov. 28th at 10/9 C.From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			And Justin wore sweats in case you were wondering. It seems like Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez have officially picked up where they left off. They've basically spent every waking moment together for the past two weeks and were just spotted hanging out again. Yesterday, a fan posted this photo of the two taking a romantic stroll. Selena kept things totally laid-back in a flowy floral dress (her specialty), a shearling-trimmed denim jacket, and white sneakers. Justin gave zero f*cks in sweats. Ah, the fashion choices of young love.Kelsey is the assistant style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Huh.....She's not wearing Justin Bieber's sweaty hockey jersey, but Selena Gomez has just shocked us all by rocking an equally surprising piece of clothing. While leaving the gym on Saturday, the "Wolves" singer brought back the only early 2000s trend you didn't think would ever make a comeback: visible underwear.Sel hiked up her Puma undies and used them as a fashion accessory to match her black Puma sports bra. I didn't think anyone other than Manny Santos from Degrassi could rock this look, but I guess I was wrong...  Kelsey is the assistant style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Weirdly into this look. At the 2017 MTV Europe Music Awards, Camila Cabello served it up on the red carpet in a gorgeous ball gown. But that's not news – she always does that – the crazy thing is what she wore underneath the stunning tulle number. Yep, Camila accessorized her blush Ralph & Russo dress with ultra high-rise undies and what looks like matching bra inserts. Who knew sticky boobs could be so cute? Kelsey is the assistant style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			But you can only get it on Black Friday.If you are not a Black Friday person, Old Navy may have thought of the one way to get you to the store on that crazy-ass day. Behold — the winter equivalent of their famous $1-flip-flops-for-a-day deal: $1 fuzzy socks. Look at these lil guys!Normally, these bad boys go for $5 (already a steal, IMO), but not on Black Friday!BUY NOW Chenille Cozy Socks for Women, OLD NAVY, $5If you're lucky enough, you could snag a pair of these penguin socks.Or these ones with a ginger bread man's face on them.Foxes!Whatever you do, don't buy the llama socks, because I have plans to get my hands on every last one and wear llama socks exclusively for the rest of my life. LOOK AT THEIR FACES!!!But don't get attached, because, like I said, they're mine.From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			My Christmas list in a nutshell.Ranch dressing is a food group – I'm a Midwesterner, don't try to tell me otherwise. And Hidden Valley is the best of the best.Proving that yes, you can put ranch on anything, the beloved dressing brand has launched a new clothing line inspired by the goes-on-everything sauce, Bustle reports. So now you can wear ranch, too. There are ranch slippers...Ranch socks...A ranch phone case...And a ranch ugly Christmas sweater...The collection is available here and there are tons more awesome ranch af items. Alert your local ranch addict immediately. Kelsey is the assistant style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Lazy girls, rejoice. Give your snooze button a little lovin' because, yes, there is a way to roll out of bed in your pjs and not look like this:Just throw on a few cute details, Gigi Hadid-style, and you're good to go. Here are five different ways to style your pajamas. Clockwise: Jess Printed Robe, $10, Boohoo; Love You Not Tee, $42, Valfre; Mid Rise Contrast Shadow Jeans (Similar), $44, Francesca's; Studded Loafers, $60, ExpressClockwise: Pizza and Ranch Crewneck Sweatshirt, $34, Tees and Tank You; Horizon Sunglasses, $14, Vans; Mid Rise Grazer Skinny Jean, $45, Cotton On; Pick Quilted Camera Bag, $50, Express; Walker Oxford (Similar), $79, Betsey JohnsonClockwise: Be Afraid to Catch Feels Shirt, $24, Tees and Tank You; Lace Back Slinky Nightie, $20, Cotton On; Sidekick Crossbody Circle Bag, $75, ban.do; Polka-Dot Champion Sneaker, $75, KedsClockwise: Casey Tropical Bird Set, $16, Boohoo; Slay Glitter Clutch, $35, Express; Leopard Print Kitten Heeled Shoes (Similar), $48, ASOSClockwise: Super Gal Sweatshirt, $68, Valfre; Alecia Embroidered Jogger, $44, Francesca's; Pink Lips Sunglasses, $15, ban.do; Hot Stuff Thermal Mug, $14, ban.do; Furry Slip-On Sneakers, $21, American Eagle  Kelsey is the assistant style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Their workout style is 💯.These celebrities know how to burn calories in style! Check out what they wear to hit the gym and get clothes to rock something more chic than your tired, old sweats for your next workout!How is it possible to look this good after a workout? Sel's matching set looks so fitness-chic. Kendall's high waisted yoga pants perfectly balance her strappy crop top. A fun, spring-y print is the perfect thing to get you in the mood for a warm-weather workout. Plus, this floral hoodie is cute enough to wear all. the. time. Just because you're headed to the gym doesn't mean you can't show off your personal style. Ashley Benson wore a red leggings with a cool skull tank top that would look just as awesome layered under a moto jacket.Z rocked this sporty style out with her friends — perfect proof that gym clothes aren't just for working out.The key to wearing neon pants (and shoes!), without it looking over-the-top is to balance out the bright pieces with solids, just like Shay did. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Sweats are ALWAYS there for you. We all like sweatpants and staying home, but sweatpants are perfect outside the house, too. They're always comfortable, reasonably cute, and best of all, they're there for you 24/7. Here are all the ways you know sweatpants are your best friend. 1. Your mom keeps asking you why you're wearing sweats to school again. Two words, Mom: Selena. Gomez. 2. You've actually thought about how to wear sweats to prom. What if you wore a dress over them?3. You won't spend $10 on food but you'll easily drop three times that on cute sweats. But you'll wear them ALL. The. Time. so it makes total sense. 4. You have two pairs of jeans and 10 pairs of sweats. Comfort is the key to life. 5. This is a dream to you:  #❤vs #victoriassecret #sweats #style #fashionista #fashion #retailtherapy #spoiled #sexy #sexymama #donthate #lucky #woman #power #clothes #grateful #pink #vspink @vspinkA post shared by  🔥MARLANA❄ (@evelena_marlana) on May 7, 2016 at 5:34pm PDT6. Your favorite stores are the ones that have the best sweats. Aerie and Pink: TAKE YOUR MONEY. 7. You don't think twice about wearing sweats on a first date. They should know the ~real~ you. 8. When you don't wear sweats, you can't wait to get home and see them again.  🎶reunited and it feeeels sooo goood🎶 #illustration #comicA post shared by  Loryn Brantz (@lorynbrantz) on Jan 28, 2016 at 5:18pm PST9. You actually get offended when someone asks if you're wearing sweats again. Yeah, so? 10. Sweats are there for you when you have your period, you're sick, or it's just a Monday. And you feel totally flawless in them. Follow Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She's laughing at the Old Taylor.Taylor Swift is ramping up her announcements in the week before her album release (she's already revealed two new songs' release dates this morning, and it's not even noon). Sure, there's the music first, but there's also a New York City pop up store coming with special Reputation tour merch on November 12-16:Swift released her lookbook of the line, and Buzzfeed noticed that one top in particular seems to be inspired by a fashion mistake Swift made. In November 2014, Swift was photographed at a basketball game wearing her burgundy tunic backwards. Fans gently called her out for it, and Swift commented on Tumblr. "I think what they're trying to say politely is...I wore the shirt wrong, didn't I," she wrote.If you're ever having a bad day just remember that Taylor Swift wore a shirt backwards without realizing it. pic.twitter.com/2jyIXam4DMFast forward three years, and it's now an official rep top:Genius.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"It truly warms my heart that ppl had so much to say about this bodysuit 😂"If a woman dares to be proud of her body, you can bet some jackwad on the internet is going to make some gross shamey comments. So when Taylor Swift went for a naked-looking bodysuit in her new sparkly new "...Ready for It?" music video, the haters started pouring in. New Taylor takes zero BS – just ask Kimye – so the singer took to her Instagram Story and let the shade rain down upon them like hell fire. Check out the bodysuit in all its glory here. Kelsey is the assistant style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Everything makes sense now. It's very clear that everyone on Riverdale has their own style ~vibe~. Veronica wears black and other various dark colors. Betty sticks to pastels and light shades of beige. And leading diva Cheryl Blossom's outfits always feature a pop of red.According to Madelaine Petsch, who plays Cheryl in the show, there's actually a hidden meaning behind her character's outfit choices. "Last season I feel like Cheryl was almost forced to be ‘put together’ all the time, and when she had a hair out of place — or she was wearing white, instead of red — you knew something was about to go down," Madelaine dished in an interview with Glamour."That was because she was so controlled by her parents that they always wanted her to be perfect. I imagined they hired her a hair and makeup team, kind of thing."Madelaine explained that not only is crimson her signature, but the rest of the cast has been banned from wearing the color, Regina George-style. "I’m the only character who’s allowed to wear red on the show, which I find hilarious," she said. "I have some exciting news — in the next episode, I get to wear blue. It’s a big moment for me.”The new color scheme is meant to represent Cheryl's independence while she's "slowly taking reins out of her mom’s hands."But don't worry, the old Cheryl is still alive and well in season two."We’re really playing with different colors but incorporating the red in smaller accessories and details, like my nails or my spider brooch, versus overall being red-on-red-on-red. Although, I still do have those days as well."Catch Cheryl's next look Wednesday on The CW.Kelsey is the assistant style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			This is the new "vague arm raise."The Jenner sisters have been obsessed with super baggy tees since before Kylie had a reported baby bump to hide. They're probably the only two people on earth who don't look frumpy while wearing XXL tees and that's because of this one weird pose. Yep, that ruffled up shirt is no accident. To give a comfy oversize top a more flattering shape, the girls lift one side to show off a little hip action.  I Feel Like PabloA post shared by  Kylie ♥️ (@kyliejenner) on Mar 21, 2016 at 1:01pm PDTThe trick instantly makes a lazy day outfit look totally chic.  😊A post shared by  Kylie ♥️ (@kyliejenner) on Apr 21, 2016 at 10:34pm PDTBut this shouldn't be confused with the "vague arm raise," which is an entirely different pose. Kelsey is the assistant style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Putting on leggings after you apply lotion.Leggings are a girls best friend. Not only are they super comfortable, but they literally go with everything. But, like all amazing things you can't live without, they also have a few downsides. Some struggles, if you will. Here are all the times the struggle is real because you're addicted to leggings.1. When your favorite pair gets a hole in them. They were your go-to pair because they were perfect in every way. They had the perfect stretchiness. They weren't see-through. They were just the right amount of tight down by your ankles. You did wear them a lot (which probably contributed to their inevitable hole-yness), but still! Now that they have a hole in them, you literally have no clue what to do with your life. 2. But you risk it and wear them anyway. But then you obsess all day over whether someone can see the hole and if it's ripping more. But it's worth it. They're your favorite pair. You can't give up on them. You'll never let go.3. When you're in a rush after taking a shower and your leggings give you a hard time. Even if your legs are still just a tiny bit damp from your shower, they stick to your skin as you try to pull them on and get all weird and bunchy in places. UGH.4. And putting on leggings after you apply your lotion? Forget it.5. When a new pair turns see-through after one wash. Unacceptable.6. And you don't realize they're sheer until it's too late. Usually, the realization strikes when you're in the school bathroom and those awful fluorescent lights are shining down on you. Sadly, you're miles away from any alternative clothing options so you end up having to walk around with semi see-through leggings avoiding all brightly lit areas at all costs.7. They turn against you while you're working out. They're perfect to wear to a workout sesh, but as soon as you have to pee, you realize your sweaty legs make it impossible to pull them up again. Awkward!8. Plus, you kind of don't want to wear your leggings to work out. If you wear them to the gym you won't be able to wear them again until they are thoroughly washed, bc stank.9. You can't take them off without turning them inside out. It's not like your feet are massive or anything, but the bottom of your leggings won't just slide off over them, so you end up having to pull them off from the top. 10. Finding the exact pair of leggings you're looking for is impossible. They all might look the same to the untrained eye, but you know the differences between each pair. The waistband on one of them is a little loose, and one of them is the perfect material to go out dancing in. It's supes serious.11. If you can't find the pair and have to settle for any old leggings, it haunts you all day. Every time the waistband slips down or the material gets on your nerves, you curse yourself for thinking you could make it through the day wearing these sub-par leggings.12. When all your leggings are dirty, and you actually have to wear real clothes. And by real clothes, we mean jeans. Which doesn't sound like it's all that bad, but when you're addicted to wearing leggings, it is.Editor's note: Still searching for the perfect pair of leggings? These are it, promise. Follow Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Kendall Jenner is OBSESSED with it. You can now watch Hocus Pocus on Demand, which means that it's officially fall and you are free to get your ~layers~ on. The hottest layer of the cold season is currently been worn nonstop by the most stylish celebs and basically every blogger you follow on Instagram. The Power Blazer. Originally made popular by jacket-loving greats like Blair Waldorf, Hillary Clinton, and probably your mom, the trend is resurfacing for 2017. Kendall Jenner's been digging cool shades of beige. Gigi Hadid rocked an all-leather version. And when it comes to bloggers, it's basically been a plaid parade.  🏁A post shared by  Danielle Bernstein (@weworewhat) on Sep 27, 2017 at 1:59pm PDT 24hrs in NYC. 🌹/ @shop_sincerelyjules jeansA post shared by  JULIE SARIÑANA (@sincerelyjules) on Oct 25, 2017 at 11:16am PDT Busy day today! See how I styled this chic blazer from the new brand #ANewDay at @Target, 3 different ways on Insta Story #ad #TargetStyleA post shared by  Brittany Xavier (@brittanyxavier) on Oct 16, 2017 at 6:24pm PDTInto it? Shop the coolest blazers below. BUY IT HEREBUY IT HEREBUY IT HEREKelsey is the assistant style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			And it looks like a baby reference, too. 👀Kylie Jenner has now failed to confirm her pregnancy for the 35th day in a row. But what she has been doing is sending us tiny clues along the way. So far she's posted phone cases in baby shower colors, written "nothing's gonna hurt you baby" on her Snaps, and joked with Khloe Kardashian about having "so many babies." I CANNOT. Last night she slipped another sneaky baby ref into your regularly scheduled Snapchats in the form of this selfie. Her maybe baby bump is hidden – because of course it is – but what we can see is a necklace that reads "Cactus Jack," which is the name of baby daddy Travis Scott's record label. TMZ reported that Travis dropped $500k on nine of these necklaces back in September, but what's most interesting is that the letters are all made from kids building blocks. I SMELL A BABY REFERENCE! Kelsey is the assistant style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Who needs them anyway?Kim Kardashian went to Disneyland on Tuesday with her sister Kourtney Kardashian, their friend Larsa Pippen, and lots of children in tow. It seemed like a really fun time, especially because the crew met Beauty and the Beast. And what does one wear while greeting this iconic, royal, fictional couple?...Clearly just an oversized, nondescript, dark T-shirt will do. Throw some sneakers on and you are done. Definitely nothing missing from this outfit equation!Yeah, maybe other people would wear pants with this ensemble (Kourtney had shorts on, at least) but Kim just doesn't need them. They're useless, I tell you, useless! Anyway, the group hit up Minnie's house and a few other landmarks of the park during what was a truly ~magical~ day. North wore a DIY'd Mickey dress with lacy black ears, which was extremely adorable.Want to get in on Kim's edgy new bottomless style? Shop the oversized tees below!BUY NOW Black Oversized Boyfriend T-Shirt, PRETTY LITTLE THING, $15BUY NOW Oversized T-Shirt With Snoop Dogg Print, ASOS, $32Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She's basically balancing on sculptures.While you were happy crying over Selena Gomez and Demi Lovato's adorable red carpet reunion, I was busy hyperventilating over Selena's feet.JUST LOOK AT THOSE SHOES!It's like a sculpture under each heel! To balance out her bonkers footwear, Sel slayed a spaghetti strap LBD with such intense '90s vibes, I can practically hear the Spice Girls playing. I've said it before and I'll say it again: YAS QUEEN!Kelsey is the assistant style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			These outfits will sleigh. Winter is the official season of trying to wear every single piece of clothing you own at the same time, but that doesn't mean you have to look frumpy. Here are all the fashionista-approved layering tricks that will keep your cool weather OOTD from looking like a bad 100 Layers Challenge. Layering different shades of the same color looks totally daring, but not over-the-top. Plus, if you go the hoodie route, like Kendall, you're basically wearing PJs. Win win!An all-black outfit can seem like an endless sea of fabric if you're wearing tons of layers. A bold add-on like Selena's plaid sweater breaks up the look and puts your style front and center.This one-second style trick is the easiest way to make your outfit look way fancier than it actually is. Drape your cutest jacket over your shoulders, like Jourdan Dunn, for instant cool points that still keep you warm. Flimsy crop tops don't go well with cool weather, so if you're looking for a sassy alternative to classic winter gear, try a cropped sweater instead. Warm it up with an on-trend bomber jacket — they're sleek enough to wear indoors, but warm enough for the elements. Even if your outermost layer packs major volume, like Shay Mitchell's poufy mustard sweater, a longer cut will keep you from looking like a fluff ball. Pair it with a slightly shorter dress for an ensemble that's cozy and cute. Rocking a floor-length duster is easy if you wear the right textures underneath. Silky blouses are lightweight and great for layering up – you can add a jacket on top and  keep a sleek shape. On the hanger, turtlenecks look grandma af, but give them a chance. The high neck gives you that ~artsy hipster~ look we all secretly want and they're great for layering under strappy dresses or collared jackets. Opt for a super snug fit – it's best for seamless layering.Don't retire your favorite summery dress just because the weather is chilly. Throw it over a cute long-sleeve top for a totally unexpected look. Bonus points if your sleeves sport fashion-y details like Zendaya's. When you're swathed in head-to-toe fabric, go for playful textures to keep your ensemble looking interesting. Hailey Bladwin paired a quilted jacket with a cotton hoodie, then added heaps of patent leather. Her mixed-up look is totally daring.If Kylie had worn sweatpants with this monochromatic look, you might mistake her outfit for a snowsuit. (OK, no you wouldn't because she's Kylie, but you get what I mean.) Point being: If you're wearing tons of layers on top, go for a slimmer silhouette on bottom to even 'em out.Your ~flawless~ shape can easily get lost in a heavy winter coat, so throw on a belt to emphasize your waist without freezing your butt off. Taupes, grays, and blacks are the easiest colors to mix and match. Any combination of the three will ~flow~ perfectly, no matter how many layers you pile on.Trudging through a snowstorm? Sure, wear your biggest knit scarf. Otherwise, a long choker scarf offers far more versatility and style. Wrap it once if you're feeling comfy; if you get chilly, just circle it around twice more for added warmth.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			'90s nostalgia coming in hot. The '90s was arguably the era of the best cartoons on television. Who can forget Dexter's Laboratory? Hey Arnold!? Catdog? And then of course, there's Rugrats. If you want to relive your childhood and experience pure '90s nostalgia, you can now buy this giant effing Reptar costume. BUY NOW The inflatable Reptar costume is from Think Geek and is "officially-licensed Rugrats merchandise" meaning this is the official quality costume for all your extensive Reptar needs, whatever they may be.Wear it while eating Reptar Cereal! Wear it when you feel anger towards buildings! Literally anything is possible in this air-filled Reptar suit! Now I'm just counting down when a Cynthia doll costume is happening. The internet is a truly incredible place.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			THIS IS NOT A DRILL. The makers of your all time favorite mascara have dropped a shoe in its honor and yes, it's covered in GLITTER.The Better Than Sex heel by Too Faced Cosmetics has finally launched after months of teasing and it's just as sparkly and beautiful as you hoped. These pumps come with a totally clear design (Kylie Jenner is probably dying right now) accented with dazzling pink glitter on the toe and heel. And if you look closely, a nod to the iconic mascara is featured on the back – lashes! The shoes are currently available for purchase at their Better Than Sex pop-up store in NYC. Of course there's a catch: it's only open for two more days. BUT the shelves are stocked with all kinds of sparkly goodies. The limited-time shop opened on Oct. 18 and will be open until the 20th. So all my east coasters, RUN, don't walk. Kelsey is the assistant style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			For when it's 10 p.m. on October 30 and you still have zero 'stume ideas. Halloween is the best holiday of the year, but let's be real – it's a total cash suck. You spend $ on a costume that you'll wear for 5 hours and then literally never touch again. Skip the waste and try out these super easy DIY costumes that are probably already in your wardrobe. All you have to do is chip in for a few extras and you're good to go. Check them out!Clockwise: Sophiah Ice Grey Faux Fur Jacket, $132, Pretty Little Thing; Pink Silky Side Strap Shift Dress, $7, Love Culture; Aries Glitter Ankle Boot, $60, Urban Outfitters; Sequin Fireworks Large Shiny Clutch (Similar), $21, GoJane; Gold Glitter Unicorn Horn, $10, Party CityClockwise: Monki Leopard Faux Fur Jacket (Similar), $103, ASOS; Round Sunglasses In Blue (Similar), $10, ASOS; Nude Snake Sequin Bodycon Dress, $29, Missguided; Pointy Metallic Heels, $23, GoJaneClockwise: Floral Crinkle Mini Skater Dress, $40, Topshop; Letters and Number Stickers, $4, Amazon; String Christmas Lights, $22, Amazon; Chuck Taylor All Star, $55, ConverseClockwise: Ribbed Knit Tank Top, $10, Love Culture; Circle Of Trust Collar Necklace Set, $8, GoJane; Statement Cuff Bracelet, $18, Urban Outfitters; Gold Chain Belt, $23, Lulu's; Cobalt Asymmetric Frill Hem Mini Skirt, $18, Pretty Little Thing; Red Stretch Satin Sock Ankle Boots, $80, Pretty Little ThingClockwise: Tunic Shirt With Faux Pearl Studs, $20, T.J. Maxx; Harry Potter Gryffindor Deluxe Tie, $14, JCPenney; Harry Potter Deluxe Glasses, $7, JCPenney; Moto Lace Up A-Line Denim Mini Skirt, $65, Topshop; Harry Potter Collectible Wand, $43, Harry Potter Shop; Bow-Getter Shiny Faux Patent Loafers, $16, GoJaneKelsey is Seventeen.com's assistant style editor. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Halloween crowns are the new flower crowns.Your favorite festival trend just got a Halloween upgrade. Make one yourself for the ultimate last-minute costume that no one else will have.Use fake flowers and butterflies to make a flower crown, like Carolyn's. Then wrap thin wire around a line of sticks (it'll look sort of like a fence made of twigs when you're done) and attach them to the inside of the crown. Jolly Song Sage Green Lace Skater Dress, $59, lulus.comTo make your leafy halo look straight from the jungle, add moss, feathers, stick-on pearls, and a little birdie friend (ours is named Henry) into the vines. Throw some extra leaves in your messiest 'do to bring a little jungle flavor to the rest of the look, like Bianca does.Green Cross-Strap Off-the-Shoulder Dress, entourage.comRelationship Status: mermaid. Drop by your local craft store (or a beach, I guess) to pick up shells, pearls, rhinestones, chains, and quarts rocks. These heavy add-ons need a strong base, so slice up a styrofoam ball and hot glue the slices to the front of a wire crown. Add the shells and sparkly things to the slice, so it looks like Olivia's tiara.Sequin Straight Neckline Cami, $29.90, express.comFake icicles, pearls, and wire are all you need to dupe Tanya's *cool* tiara. Craft stores sell pre-made strands used in floral arrangements that you can cut with wire cutters and make into a crown. Twist the ends around a heavy-duty wire base. Star of the Show Silver Dress, $62, lulus.com; Betsy's Delicates Heart Stud Earrings, $19.98, betsyjohnson.comStand out from the sea of vamps this Halloweekend with a rose-covered flower crown, like Valerie's. Add black glitter to your rose crown with spray-on adhesive and use a hot glue gun to attach a lace veil. Black Floral Embroidered V Back Mermaid Dress, $19.24, amiclubwear.com; Glitter Blood Fangs, $5.99, partycity.com----------------------------------Makeup Artist: Regard TangAssistant Makeup Artist: Magdalena MajorHair Stylist: Britt WhiteAssistant Hair Stylist: Neal PittmanPhotographer: Kathryn WirsingStylist: Kelsey Stiegman		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			This is the costume you've been waiting for. It's a proven fact that the greatest childhood snacks of all time are: frozen Gushers, Lunchables (the pizza kind), and Cosmic Brownies. And if you didn't exist on a diet of these and only these as a kid, you basically had no childhood.For Halloween, you can wear the most delicious treat of them all, thanks to this epic DIY Cosmic Brownie costume designed by crafting ninja, Kelly Mindell from Studio DIY. All this yummy nostalgia is super easy to recreate – you just need three things. Find yourself a brown dress, some Model Magic Clay, and a hot glue gun to stick it all together. Mold the candy-colored clay into the pyramid shape of the chocolate sprinkles, let them dry, then glue them on. You'll basically look like this:Buy Them HereCheck out the full tutorial here. Kelsey is the assistant style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You're the fairest of them all. No matter what mirror you look into, you'll be the fairest of them all in these *fabulous* OOTDs inspired by the most wicked Disney villains. Clockwise: Get the Feel of Things Velvet Jacket, $140, Nasty Gal; The Vinyl Countdown Ruffle Dress, $30, Nasty Gal; Disney Villains Duffle Purse, $53, Box Lunch; Pauline Black Satin Lace Up Heels, $84, TobiClockwise: Shaggy Faux Fur Jacket (Similar), $43, Charlotte Russe; Made You Wink Black Velvet Bodycon Dress, $42, Lulu's; Watch It Red Mirrored Sunglasses, $7, Tobi; Misery Business Crossbody, $35, Dolls Kill; Red Mid-Heel Ankle Boots, $40, ZaraClockwise: Faux-Eve Black Fur Stole, $26, Lulu's; Black Striped Top by the Edit by Seventeen, Macy's; Light Brown Suede Wrap Mini Skirt, $64, Lulu's; Faux Fur Mule Slide, $19, Urban Outfitters; Love Me Purse, $62, ValfreClockwise: Theodora Black Cape, $42, Tobi; Into the Night Purple Skater Dress, $47; Lulu's; To the Point Stiletto Boot, $32, Nasty Gal; Red Oval Stone Teardrop Statement Necklace, $22, Kohl's; Evil Queen Backpack, $78, Danielle NicoleClockwise: Heathered Cold-Shoulder Top, $32, Macy's; Annelise Camel Suede Ankle Boots (Similar), $37, Lulu's; Ada Pendant Necklace, $36, Baublebar; Micah Moto Mini Skirt, $59, Urban Outfitters; Wide Belt, $49, Urban OutfittersClockwise: Truth Is Velvet Choker, $5, Tobi; Addy Wine Shift Dress, $33, Tobi; Lucifer Backpack, $78, Danielle Nicole; Teacher's Pet Mule, $40, Nasty GalClockwise: Bella Black Lace Scallop Top, $26, Tobi; Paradise Sunglasses (Similar), $13, Sunglasses Warehouse; Wynn Faux-Leather Skirt, $79, Guess; Olive Velvet Peep-Toe Ankle Booties, $41, Lulu's; Maleficent Roses Tote, $56, Box LunchKelsey is the assistant style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She's a snake – and she doesn't care who knows it. After the whole Kimye fiasco, Taylor Swift has been effectively rebranded by the internet. She's no longer the innocent sundress-loving southern bell (that accent was fake), but a manipulating snake – a nickname helped out by Kim Kardashian herself. And Tay is milking that new image as hard as she can. In a recent hangout with fans, the singer was literally covered in 🐍 references. She wore a serpent ring from her Reputation merch collection with a pair of not-so-sublte Gucci boots embroidered with a massive snake. Apparently "the old Taylor Swift" can come to the phone – or at least pick out an outfit, because those printed tights are so Red-era Taylor. Looks like she's not dead after all. Kelsey is the assistant style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Quick fixes and genius tricks for all your most annoying bra struggles. While finding the right size is half the battle, tricky necklines, falling straps, and poking underwires are just some of the problems every girl faces at one time or another. From tips for making your bras last longer and keeping your straps in place to tricks for converting a regular bra into a strapless or racerback style in a pinch, check out these genius hacks for solving all your biggest bra struggles. 1. Instead of buying a racerback bra, just use a bra clip to pin your straps together temporarily. A paperclip works too, in a pinch. 2. Don't just throw your bras in the washer machine. Those suckers are pricey. Instead, put your bra in a plastic ball before washing them to make sure it keeps its form. 3. For low-back dresses and tops, DIY a bra strap extension. Low-back dresses are super flirty, but when your bra strap shows, it totally messes up the look. If you don't have one of those special bras with an extra strap that wraps arounds your front and pulls your back strap down for backless tops, you can make your own for cheap. Cut a strip of elastic the same size as your rib cage. Then, take a bra hook extender (you can get one from Target or any craft store) and cut and separate the hooks from the eyelets. Sew one on each side of the elastic, making sure they are reversed so you can hook them together like a normal bra clasp. Then, juust hook the extender to one side of your bra clasp and wrap it around behind your back and around the front of your waist, cross it around and hook it onto your other bra strap. 4. Sew an old bra into a backless dress for built-in support. Just chop off the straps and hand sew it into any dress. We love Katie's tutorial from her blog, Skunkboy, for an easy step by step. 5. In pain from your straps digging into your shoulders? Slide silicone bra strap pads under your straps. They relieve the pressure that's caused by strap tugging, and prevent grooves in your skin. While they're great for quick relief and for special bras that have super-skinny straps that irritate you, if this is a constant problem, you should get a professional bra fitting. You might have to go down a band size and up a cup size because your straps are working too hard, causing them to dig into your shoulders. 6. After washing them, lay your bras flat to air dry. Don't hang them or they'll lose their shape. And never put them in the dryer! The heat will cause the elastic to wear away faster.7. Turn your regular bra into a strapless bra that actually stays up. Take a regular bra strap (like an extra one from a bra with removeable straps), and hook it onto the back of your bra on one side, bring it around your back and hook it onto the back of your bra on the other side. 8. Store your bras with both cups open. "Never invert one cup into the other," says bra expert Linda Becker, owner of Linda's lingerie stores in NYC and NJ. "Doing so destroys the fibers in the molding, makes the cups bumpy, and shortens the life of your bra."9. Use moleskin to fix an underwire bra that is poking you. You don't have to buy a whole new bra if the underwire starts to come out. Grab some moleskin padding from any drug store and super glue it around the small hole in your bra. 10. Protect your bras when you're traveling with a modeled cup container. It will keep the underwire and the cups from getting bent out of shape. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Bonus: unlike your costume, you'll actually wear these again. Halloween is cool and all, but you're not about to roll up to biology class in a unicorn onesie. So if you still want to look ~festive~, but don't want to go totally over the top, rock these low-key looks. Clockwise: Hooded Sweater, $25, H&M; Spell Book 3D Phone Case, $38, Valfre; Moon & Star Drop Earrings, $15, Nordstrom Rack; Faux Suede Mini Skirt, $30, Zara; Suede Western Boots, $70, Topshop; One Bite Crossbody, $68, Danielle NicoleClockwise: Double Double Boys Are Trouble Shirt, $26, Tees and Tank You; Vintage Hi-Rise Denim Skirt, $56, American Eagle; Puma Fenty by Rihanna Satin Bow Sneaker, $100, Urban Outfitters; Complete Package Light Gray Handbag, $31, Lulu’sClockwise: Vegan Leather Bomber Jacket, $70, Hollister; Earrings With Contrasting Fringing, $20, Zara; Grateful Dead Sequin Tee, $58, Topshop; Platform Slip-On Sneaker, $18, American Eagle; Rhinestone Slim Regular Jeans, $50, H&M; Red Devil Ears, $8, American EagleClockwise: Thirsty Manchester Tee, $32, Wildfox; Coffin 3D Phone Case, $38, Valfre; Vintage Hi-Rise Camo Skirt, $31, American Eagle; Pom-Pom Parade Lace-Up Sneakers, $24, GoJane; Studded Skull Clutch, $26, Torrid; Crochet Cat Ear Headband, $5, Forever 21Clockwise: Basic Witch Tee, $16, Etsy; Denim Overall Dress, $50 Hollister; Boots with Straps, $50, H&M; Faux Fur Crossbody Bag, $12, Charlotte Russe; Round Sunglasses, $10, H&M; Large Silky Square Scarf, $18, Urban Outfitters		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			As in, this is straight-up from a bridal collection. Jennifer Lawrence showed up for the premiere of Faces Places on Wednesday night in West Hollywood, and looked like she ready to get married in the perfect whimsical late summer wedding.Instead of wearing a "normal" red carpet dress, the star chose a *literal* wedding gown from L Wells Bridal.BUY ITLawrence styled the wedding-ready look with a bold red lip, and wore her hair in a similar way to that of the dress' model.Lesson learned: you do not have to be a bride to wear your dream dress.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Marie Claire US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Surprise! Ring the alarm, Kardashian/Jenner superfans, because Kendall and Kylie Jenner have pulled a fast one on all of you — the sisters just dropped a lingerie collection with Topshop under their namesake brand Kendall + Kylie.But here's the plot twist: They didn't tell anyone. This isn't even an ICYMI, because literally everyone missed it. The line simply appeared on Topshop's website, as if by magic.A subtle launch may not be so surprising given Kylie's recent (still unconfirmed) pregnancy rumors and the controversy surrounding the brand's last collection. There was virtually no promotion for the line on either of the sisters' social-media accounts, nor was there a formal announcement — just a promotional photo of Kendall posted to Topshop's Instagram page. The capsule is co-designed by Fleur du Mal founder and creative director Jennifer Zuccarini, and it features plenty of velvet, mesh, and lace. Styles range from sheer bodysuits to athletic shorts and basic bralettes. And although the line is only available in stores in the U.K., you can still shop the looks on Topshop's website.Of course, the pieces are inspired by the sisters' own style — their brand is called Kendall + Kylie, after all. The two are known for making casual lingerie happen, and that seems to be the point behind the release. “Beautiful lingerie shouldn’t be completely hidden under clothes anymore," reads the tagline on the Topshop site. Hey, if I can get away with making a bra my shirt of choice instead of actually getting dressed, I'm going all in.A Kendall + Kylie rep confirmed to Glamour that the collection is a Topshop exclusive, so grab your fave pieces before they sell out. Shop some of the looks below. BUY NOW Mesh Cheeky Knickers, KENDALL + KYLIE (Available at Topshop), $40BUY NOW Jersey Body, KENDALL + KYLIE (Available at Topshop), $135BUY NOW Satin Shorts, KENDALL + KYLIE (Available at Topshop), $90BUY NOW Racerback Bra, KENDALL + KYLIE (Available at Topshop), $80Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's the next best thing to owning a Time-Turner. Until the next Fantastic Beasts movie comes out, there's a new way to get your Harry Potter fix: by wearing it. Jewelry company Alex and Ani just released a capsule collection in partnership with Warner Bros., the film company behind the Harry Potter film series. The pieces, which come in gold, silver, and both metals, feature subtle nods to J.K. Rowling's stories, as well as to Hogwarts, the Deathly Hallows, and even Harry's glasses. Check it out.Deathly Hallows Necklace, ALEX AND ANI, $38BUY NOWDeathly Hallows Adjustable Necklace, ALEX AND ANI, $78BUY NOWDeathly Hallows Charm Bangle, ALEX AND ANI, $28BUY NOWDeathly Hallows Pull Chain Bracelet, ALEX AND ANI, $68BUY NOWDeathly Hallows Ring Wrap, ALEX AND ANI, $28BUY NOWDeathly Hallows Earrings, ALEX AND ANI, $48BUY NOWGlasses Earrings, ALEX AND ANI, $48BUY NOWGlasses Ring Wrap, ALEX AND ANI, $28BUY NOWHogwarts Two-Tone Charm Bangle,ALEX AND ANI, $28BUY NOWHogwarts Two-Tone Necklace, ALEX AND ANI, $38BUY NOWFrom: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			And how to find the right one.1. Your straps keep falling down. First, tighten them a bit. They might have stretched out in the wash. If your straps keep slipping even after you adjust them, they aren't being supportive and you should try going down a band size. 2. You have spillover over the top, sides, or bottom of the cups. If you have the dreaded Quadruple Boob, it's time to go up a cup size. 3. Your cups are wrinkling or baggy. When the cup is too big, the fabric bunches. Go down a cup. 4. You wear your bra on the last hook. You should feel most comfortable on the middle hook. That way, when your bra stretches over time, you can tighten it. If it's already too loose, go down a band size. 5. Your band rides up in the back. When you stand to the side and look in the mirror, is your band even? Your band should fit firmly and horizontally across your back. If it's riding up in the back, it's too big. Go down a band size, like from a 36 to 34. 6. You have dents on your shoulders. It's not about how heavy your boobs are. Your bra's band isn't giving you the support it should, so your straps are taking the slack and digging into your shoulders. Try a smaller band size. 7. The center of your bra is lifted off your chest. The middle piecebetween the cups (the gore) should sit flat on your rib cage. If there's any space, your cup size is too small. Try going up a size. You should be able to lift your arms over your head without the underwire rising up.8. The underwire in your bra pokes you. Don't think all underwire is uncomfortable. Go up a cup size to keep it from digging into your skin. 9. You have back bulge. Despite the popular nickname, it's not back fat — it's literally just your bra being too tight and squeezing your skin. Your band is probably too small. 10. You neck or back hurts. You may not be getting the right support from your bra because it's the wrong size. Find a lingerie specialist in your area, or hit up a department store, and go get sized properly. It's free, and worth the trouble so you'll feel great in your bra.MORE: 11 Must-Know Tips For Finding The Right Size Bra		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			That unicorn skeleton bag tho! On October 1, you basically morph into Wednesday Adams, because Halloween deserves to be a month-long holiday. So here are five spooky-chic OOTDs that will have you feeling festive for all 31 days. Clockwise: Halloween Pocket Tee, $29, Urban Outfitters; Bib Overall Dress (Similar), $28, H&M; Bugsy Boot, $79, Betsey Johnson; Pumpkin Spice Crossbody, $78, Betsey JohnsonClockwise: Scream Tee, $29, Urban Outfitters; Caily Flats, $69, Betsey Johnson; Black Coated Lace Jamie Jeans, $100, Topshop; Webmaster Crossbody, $78, Betsey JohnsonClockwise: Halloween Movies Crewneck, $28, Tees and Tank You; Suede Platform Crush Jewel Sneakers, $100, Puma; Open-Back Lace Skater Dress, $47, Kohl's; Mini Fashion Backpack, $30, TypoClockwise: Flawless Flaunt Mesh Crop Top, $28, Dolls Kill; Beam Me Up Bralette, $29, Urban Outfitters; Suede Knot-Tie Booties (Similar), $118, Gap; Metallic Skirt, $12, T.J. Maxx; Magic Uniskelly Bag, $35, Dolls Kill Clockwise: Knitted Crop Jumper, $65, Topshop; Wednesday's Poison Cup Bag, $40, Dolls Kill; Barrow Mules, $69, Betsey Johnson; Faux Leather Skirt With Embroidery, $19, T.J. Maxx; Bruno 3D iPhone Case, $38, ValfreKelsey is the assistant style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Girl, you're fooling no one. At this point in Kylie Jenner's pregnancy, I have alerts set for all of her social media accounts, because I know at any moment confirmation might come. Last night, my phone buzzed, letting me know that the Lip Kit queen had posted to Instagram. Naturally, I flew there as quickly as my fingers would take me, but alas, no bump pic. Instead, King Kylie posed in a massive men's button up shirt clearly meant to disguise any pregnancy evidence. Even though all physical evidence is covered, there might still be a hidden baby clue in this pic – note the color. Kylie's been hinting at a baby boy on social media, so this could be another tip. My continued stalk of Kylie's socials unveiled that at she also updated Snapchat with even more pics of her wearing baggy clothes. Notice that Khloé's potential bump is carefully covered as well. The girls have a good reason for keeping their pregnancies literally under wraps, though. Head momager Kris Jenner is reportedly looking to sell the big reveals for $$. Honestly, would you expect anything less? Kelsey is the assistant style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I see you, queen. Last month, Selena Gomez revealed the reason why she's been keeping it so low key for the past few months: she was recovering from a kidney transplant. She underwent the surgery as a result of Lupus and her best friend, Secret Life of the American Teenager star Francia Raisa, was her donor. Selena has proudly shown off her scars on Instagram and now Francia is flaunting hers on the red carpet. At People's 'Ones to Watch' party, Francia stunned in a pearl studded white suit and a sheer, rhinestone embellished top. On her left side, two scars from the surgery are visible, showing what a total badass she is. 👏👏👏Kelsey is the assistant style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It won't even cover your nips, but you'll look sooo Kylie. You know the other day when you were thinking: "I REALLY wish I owned that crop top that Kylie Jenner has that doesn't even come as low as my nipples?". No? Yeah that's probably because there'd never be any occasion where one of these would be necessary.Still, ASOS has answered the demand for a product that genuinely didn't exist by creating a $32 crop top just like Kylie's. Lucky us!ASOS Jumper In Super Crop Length, $32 BUY NOWBecause it looked as though Kylie had just taken a pair of scissors to her Harley Davidson sweater, ASOS created a sweater with the same rough around the edges vibe.And, just like Kylie's, the top rests not-so-comfortably mid breast, making it impossible to wear without a top on underneath unless, you know, nipple flashing is your vibe. And if it is, you never change! You do you!Because the jumper doesn't exactly do any of the things that normal sweaters do - ie cover you up and keep you warm - we have to assume this is more of an arm-warmer situation. This tweet kind of sums up our thoughts exactly.Still, if nipple flashing IS your thing or you really wanna channel a bit of Kylie J on your next outing, then this super crop top could be yours for just $32. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan UK		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			A few items on this list might surprise you.Get ready to see plenty of Beauty and the Beast references, as well as a Rugrats resurgence, on October 31 — if Pinterest's most-searched terms and pinned items are any indication of what's to come. The social-media company just released a trend forecast for Halloween, and it's looking ~very~ throwback-y.1. Gaston and His MaidsPeople really want to dress like this for Halloween. Searches for this costume have risen 680 percent over the past year.2. Ken DollsSearches are up 435 percent for Barbie's counterpart.3. Daenerys Targaryen and Jon SnowGame of Thrones fans have helped boost searches for Daenerys costumes by 91 percent and Jon Snow costumes by 280 percent over the last year.4. RugratsSearches for Angelica, Tommy, Chuckie, and crew are up 150 percent.5. BaywatchSearches for lifeguard attire have gone up 147 percent over the past year.6. Stranger ThingsPeople continue to love this show, and searches — up 40 percent from last year — are still soaring for all kinds of Stranger Things costumes.7. Frat BoysPeople have pinned frat boy Halloween costumes more than 50,000 times this year.8. The Four SeasonsUsers have pinned DIY iterations of this four-person getup more than 25,000 times.9. Female BoxersGirls are ready to throw some punches on October 31. Female boxer costumes have been pinned more than 5,000 times.1. Disney CharactersDisney fans are all in on pretty much any costume that has to do with the brand this year. The term has been pinned more than 675,000 times.2. Wonder WomanCostumes for this warrior have been pinned more than 60,000 times.3. Belle from Beauty and the BeastAll things Disney are doing well, but none are quite as successful as Belle. That blue dress-and-apron combo has been pinned for Halloween more than 30,000 times.4. Girl ScoutSearches for Girl Scout Halloween costumes are up 450 percent year over year.5. GrootSearches for this Guardians of the Galaxy character's costume have gone up 133 percent in the past year.6. UnicornsRainbows and sparkles will be in your future for sure, with searches for unicorn costumes up 110 percent this year.7. AliensAlien Halloween costume searches have gone up 100 percent since last year.8. T-RexThe iconic dino costume has been pinned more than 12,000 times.1. Giraffe MakeupSearches for this particular animal makeup tutorial are up a whopping 1,200 percent since last year.2. Clown MakeupBlame It — searches for clown makeup are up 941 percent.3. Spiderwoman MakeupSearches for how to achieve this look are up 100 percent since last year.4. Galaxy MakeupSpace-age tutorials have been pinned more than 125,000 times.5. Pop Art LipsLichtenstein makeup tutorials have been saved more than 80,000 times.6. Wednesday AddamsMakeup tutorials for the Addams Family daughter's beauty lewk have been pinned more than 40,000 times.7. Pixelated FaceThis trippy-yet-pretty makeup look has been pinned over 26,000 times.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Does this “Model Wife” costume look familiar?On Halloween, you can make a “sexy” costume out of just about anything — even if you’re trying to get political while everyone else dresses up a sexy Demogorgon from Stranger Things. On Thursday, Yandy announced that it's selling a sexy Melania Trump costume (well, technically, a sexy Model Wife costume) so you can Make Your Halloween Party Great Again. The outfit is a sexier version of the cashmere Ralph Lauren skirt suit Melania wore on Inauguration Day. “Inspired by a certain someone’s Inaugural ensemble by a Polo-playing design legend, this blue (Tiffany anyone?) sexy take would make you welcome at any house regardless of the color from Milan to Washington,” Yandy.com says in a press release. “Hitting the web this morning is their newest costume, sure to give you watercooler fodder.”BUY NOW Model Wife Costume, YANDY, $70The costume, featuring a high-waisted skirt and a blue crop top with a high collar and wrap front, goes for $69.95 on Yandy.com. Shoes and gloves are not included, but Yandy sells those separately for $49.95 and $8.99, respectively. And if you want to troll your entire Halloween party with a group costume, have your friends join the group as Donna T. Rumpshaker or even Sexy Fake News. What a time to be alive.From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The National Eating Disorders Association calls it "incredibly offensive and irresponsible."A hoodie sweatshirt being sold on Amazon that "defines" anorexia as "like bulimia, except with self control" has generated backlash from the Internet and a statement from the National Eating Disorders Association (NEDA).A majority of the 170-plus reviews for the item, which NEDA called "incredibly offensive and irresponsible" in a statement today, are negative. "This is offensive and glorifies a mental illness that is very real," one detractor wrote. "Anorexia isn’t a choice, and it has nothing to do with self-control. When you have anorexia, you have zero control. The anorexia dictates what you do, where you go, how you feel, what you think about, your personality, your relationships — your entire life."Another reviewer took issue with the product, sold by the third-party retailer ArturoBuch, for other reasons: "This type of message damages the lives of the most susceptible members of our society. Making a profit by marketing eating disorders is pure evil," the commenter wrote. NEDA called for Amazon to remove the item:Amazon declined to comment to Cosmopolitan.com. Anorexia has the highest mortality rate of all psychiatric disorders, according to NEDA, but all eating disorders can be deadly. If you or someone you know needs help, visit the National Eating Disorders Association (NEDA) website, or contact the NEDA Information and Referral Helpline at 1-800-931-2237.Get all the ~FiTsPiRaTiOn~ directly in your feed. Follow Facebook.com/CosmoBod.From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Taking fashion to new heights.Fashion is all about creating memorable "moments," and while Dolce & Gabbana served up food-inspired fashions and Jeremy Scott took the nostalgic route with My Little Pony-inspired pieces, Balenciaga has one-upped them all with fashion platform Crocs.While the brand also showed more "traditional" femme fashion footwear in the form of printed boots and textured heels, the real stars of the show were the Crocs collaboration (named Foam), which capped off a number of Spring/Summer 2018 looks:Fashion has a history of occasionally embracing extremely comfortable footwear (runway showings of Birkenstocks, anyone?), and as anyone who's ever worn Crocs knows, those things are comfy as hell. Even a ten-centimeter-tall platform can't really change that. And this isn't even the brand's first foray into luxury fashion — British designer Christopher Kane has collaborated with them for three seasons.So how did this collaboration come about? In an interview with Footwear News, Crocs SVP Michelle Poole shared that they were approached by the brand, and that "[w]orking with Balenciaga has been so much fun for our team, and once again demonstrates the relevance of our iconic clog in today’s fashion and design world, as well as allowing us to tap into the excitement and energy that comes from unexpected partnerships."So when can you pick up a pair of Foams of your own? Check back next spring, at a Balenciaga outlet or on the brand's website.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Sisterhood or sibling rivalry?This is a modal window.Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window.End of dialog window.With a slew of multimillion-dollar fashion and beauty campaigns between them, you'd be forgiven for thinking Bella and Gigi Hadid might be in competition as to who can nab the most fashion gigs. However, according to 20-year-old Bella, battling it out with her older sister for magazine covers and coveted spots on the runway is hardly a priority."Most of the time our markets are completely different," the star told Harper's Bazaar Arabia. "And if we get booked on a job and she gets it or I get it, we're both happy for each other."Having walked alongside her sister on numerous occasions over the years on the runway, and most recently with their younger brother Anwar at Hilfiger's show during London Fashion Week, the Californian beauty said: "There are enough jobs in the world for both of us. There's no reason for us to be mad at each other or competitive. So if she gets it, then good for her."But what if Gigi nabbed a modeling deal Bella desperately wanted?"We're in the family so she can buy me a pair of shoes," she joked.When asked how she feels when people suggest that modeling is an easy career, she noted: "Everybody has a different opinion of what hard work is. At the end of the day, if you're exhausted, you worked hard. I'm definitely tired most of the time."And it's hardly surprising the model is tired given her daily battle with Lyme disease, which causes numerous symptoms of fatigue. As a result of the chronic illness, the brunette was forced to retire from her beloved horse riding, amid hopes of becoming an Olympic equestrian.Bella credits her strong will and personality for helping her cope with the demands of her career."Since I was a kid I've loved helping people. My mom always said that I would go on the street and hug somebody that was sitting on the corner. It was just because I genuinely loved people, and that's something that I want to bring forward with me in my career. If I'm able to change something in the world for the better, then I'll be ecstatic."Discussing her struggles with online bullying, the model admits she leans on her family for support."It's really tough. You're going to get scrutinized for anything that you do. So if you're skinny and have a sick body and you don't have a butt, people are going to say, 'Why do you have no butt?' And then you go and get a fake butt and they get mad at you because you have a fake butt. And then you don't have boobs, and it's just a whole circulating circle.""I have a whole angel family. I think that there's a lot of beautiful spiritual beings in the world. They're just floating, and they're around if you feel a need for them. I draw strength from that completely. It's definitely how I've gotten through the past year and stayed sane."Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: ELLE UK		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			👀👀👀Kylie Jenner's life is reportedly about to be shaken up with her first baby, but one thing that'll probably never change is her sexy photo shoots. How do I know? 'Cuz look!The pics, which were released on Thursday, along with the announcement of her second collaboration with sunglasses brand Quay Australia, are v. s🔥t🔥e🔥a🔥m🔥y.  See for yourself.Here she is haphazardly wearing a half-zipped coat with lacy panties.Is this a jacket or a blouse? Whatever it is, it's sexy — we know because it's see-through.Kylie looks exactly like Kim in these photos. Yes, I know they're sisters, and their resemblance isn't surprising. Whatever. I can't stop staring.#KyliexQUAY drop two will be available at QuayAustralia.com on Wednesday, Oct. 4, at 8 a.m. PST. All three styles will retail for $65 and are titled with very cool '80s and '90s names like, "Unbothered," "20s," and "As If!" Set your alarms!Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Not as good as Hogwarts robes, but close. Even though the Hogwarts Express left without you (again) this year, you can still rock your House pride. These five cool af looks – inspired by Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw, Slytherin, and Hogwarts – will make you feel like the wizard you always were inside. Clockwise: Hogwarts Crest Tank Top, $17, Hot Topic; Harry Potter Pop Funko, $10 each, Barnes & Noble; Mid Wash Fringe Hem Denim Mini Skirt, $30, Pretty Little Thing; Spell Book 3D iPhone Case, $38, Valfre; Checkerboard Slip-On Lite, $55, Vans; Harry Potter Collectible Wand, $43, Harry Potter ShopClockwise: Flannel Button-Down Shirt, $49, Urban Outfitters; Hogwarts Striped Beanie (Similar), $12, Hot Topic; Embroidered Denim Mini Skirt, $69, Urban Outfitters; Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, $9, Barnes & Noble; Metallic Combat Boots, JustFabClockwise: Leopard Print Crew, $75, Converse; Specraspecs, $15, JCPenney; Hogwarts Colorblock Leggings, $18, Kohl's; Chuck Taylor All Star High Top, $55, Converse; Double Zip Circle Crossbody Bag, $49, Urban OutfittersClockwise: Oversized Denim Jacket, $50, Macy's; Gryffindor Muscle Tee, $14, Hot Topic; Bertie Botts Every Flavor Beans, $3, Etsy; Furry Along Embroidered Mule Flats, $20, GoJane; Super Soft High Rise Jegging, $60, American Eagle Clockwise: Hogwarts Graphic Bomber Jacket, $40, Kohl's; The Edit by Seventeen Colorblocked T-Shirt, $20, Macy's; Embroidered Stars Backpack, $24, JCPenney; Blue Pearl Open Knee Jeans, $76, Missguided; White Leatherette Side Buckle Booties, $48, Love CultureFollow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			*Adds everything to cart.*If you fell in love with those adorable Minnie Mouse heels last spring, you'll freak out over a new four-piece collection Disney just launched with denim brand SIWY. Available on Disney's newly-relaunched e-commerce site, shopDisney.com, the line features miniature Minnie Mouses embroidered on light-wash jean jackets and boyfriend jeans, as well as Mickey Mouse screenprinted on high-waisted shorts and tuxedo-stripe jeans.The pieces aren't cheap — prices range from $169.95 for shorts to $399.95 for a jean jacket — but if last year's Disney x Coach collaboration is any indication, the cost won't stop people from snapping up the retro-denim looks.BUY NOW Mickey Mouse Denim Shorts, SIWY, $170BUY NOW Minnie Mouse Embroidered Boyfriend Jeans, SIWY, $300BUY NOW Mickey Mouse Tuxedo-Stripe Skinny Jeans, SIWY, $240BUY NOW Minnie Mouse Embroidered Denim Jacket, SIWY, $400SIWY isn't the only brand Disney is collaborating with. The House of Mouse also has a new Coach collection on sale, as well as some subtle Beauty and the Beast designs from the shoe brand Melissa.BUY NOW Mickey Mouse Ears Patricia Saddle Leather Bag, COACH, $280BUY NOW Belle Flats, MELISSA SHOES, $105See the entire collection on shopDisney.com.From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Bedtime will be quite frankly magical.It's time to face up to it – summer isn't coming back anytime soon. But don't worry, we've found something that will potentially cheer you up more than a steaming hot Pumpkin Spiced Latte.Ladies and gents, we bring you this autumn's essential wardrobe item: the Harry Potter bathrobe. If Primark's unicorn blanket isn't floating your boat, we're pretty sure this Gryffindor bad boy will. For starters, you will actually look like you go to Hogwarts without actually stepping foot out of your bedroom door. Secondly, it is super cozy. Need we say more?Black Harry Potter Bathrobe, $50, Truffle ShuffleBUY IT! The robe is made from snuggly fleece and is based on the Gryffindor robes, made famous by Harry and his squad. It also has a handy pocket for all your essentials. You know; tissues, phone, TV remote, magic wand. Want. Meanwhile, if you're a sucker for Harry Potter merch, you need to get yourself down to Primark fast. The store has released a huge haul of HP stuff including potion fairy lights, house blankets and a 'Letter To Hogwarts' cushion.From: Cosmopolitan UK		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The custom sunglasses all the guests got are also excellent.Teen Mom 2 star Jenelle Eason married David Eason on Saturday in a celebration that included cake, custom sunglasses, and their 9-month-old daughter Ensley.“I’m [looking forward] to definitely just getting my future started,” Evans told Us Weekly.At the same time, she said she wanted a “laid-back” wedding with a “rustic Southern theme.” Looks like mission achieved! The pictures circulating online show a joyous occasion with a beautiful bride, happy groom, and very cool babies wearing shades. Mazel!One notable person missing from the wedding was Jenelle's mom, Barbara. The two have been at odds since their custody battle for reality star's seven-year-old son, Jace.Jenelle said her mom, "makes side comments here and there saying, 'Well, you're not inviting me to your wedding, so I don't even want to talk about it.' And I'm like, 'I'm not trying to hurt your feelings, I'm just telling you this is what I need to do to get ready."“I can't forgive someone that's just not going to give me back my son, so, and it's still going on. It hasn't been resolved. And if I had custody of him now maybe I would have invited her, but I'm not at the moment.”The couple began dating in September 2015, and announced their engagement in February of this year, which was documented on an episode of Teen Mom 2. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Harry, you clown prince!On Friday night, Harry Styles graced the world with a performance at the 2017 iHeartRadio Music Festival at T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas, Nevada. Of course, he has to do it up, fashion-wise, because he is an icon and that's what icon's do. He looks like a ten billion dollar sexy circus bear in his red and navy blue diamond-print Gucci suit. I honestly cannot get enough. Let's look at all the photos again and again. And then watch some video! More, more, more!Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			A perfect outfit for an iHeartRadio event.On Saturday night, Miley Cyrus performed at the 2017 iHeartRadio Music Festival in Las Vegas. She arrived in an outfit that was basically birthed from her own essence — I mean, has there ever been anything more Miley than see-through pants covered in hearts? It's as if her soul leapt from her body and then draped itself around her body, but uh. Less gross than all that sounds. Anyway, feast your eyes upon the glory — plus, stay until the end and you'll see Miley cuddling a puppy! Yay, puppies!Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Getting dressed is so much easier when you can actually see your clothes.Getting dressed is so much easier when you can actually see all your clothes. Try these genius ideas to organize everything in your closet, from your shoes and sunglasses to your jeans. 1. Knot tights on a hanger. DKNY tights, dkny.com2. Wrap pipe cleaners around the sides of a hanger to keep straps from falling.3. Hang purses and totes on shower hooks.Fries Before Guys tote, bando.com; Jacquard purple dress, target.com; Black and white embellished dress, target.com; Curtains, ikea.com; Wallpaper, chasingpaper.com4. Use soda tabs to double your hanging space. Pair similar styles for easy browsing.Green floral dress, target.com; Black and white embellished dress, target.com; Wallpaper, chasingpaper.com5. Loop scarves through shower hooks and line up on hangers. 6. Corral clutches in magazine files.TJ Maxx stores, Sparkly clutch, TJ Maxx stores, Sweaters, target.com; Black jeweled clutch, Target stores; Pink clutch, otg247.com; Pink and white striped clutch, otg247.com7. Sort bras and underwear in a hanging shoe organizer. Cobalt bra, victoriassecret.com8. Hang jeans upside down on shower curtains rings. Ditto jeans, target.com; Jeans, TJ Maxx stores9. Hang belts from shower rings. 10. Stack bracelets and watches on a paper towel holder. 11. Store kicks in shoe boxes. Attach pics of each pair to the outside of their box to make it easy to find your faves. Pink booties, target.com; Platform sandals, target.com; Black jeweled heels, chineselaundry.com; Shoe boxes, ikea.com12. Hang boots in pairs using pant hangers or clothespins.  Tan suede boots, chineselaundry.com; Pink booties, target.com; Green rain boots, samedelman.com 13. No shelves or dresser space? Hang them up! Avoid stretching your sweaters out by folding them over hangers with this easy step by step:1. Fold sweater in half lengthwise. Place hanger facing down so the wide part lays across the shoulder. 2. Fold bottom half of sweater up toward the collar and over the hanger.3. Wrap the sleeves over the hanger.4. Turn right side up and hang. Animal print sweater, Target stores14. Attach ribbons to a bulletin board to display your sunglasses. It's super easy to make your own sunglass board — just follow this simple step by step: 1. You'll need ribbon, a bulletin or canvas board, a glue gun, and scissors.2. Lay ribbon horizontally across board and cut to fit, leaving 2-3 inches extra fabric on each side of the board.3. Use a hot glue gun to affix ribbons to the back of the board.4. Let cool completely before arranging sunglasses along ribbons.15. No closet? No problem! Use a rack and curtains to create a makeshift closet. Add a rug, stools, and cute boxes to turn your DIY closet into a chic dressing room!Wallpaper, chasingpaper.com; Clothes rack, ikea.com; Faux sheepskin rug, ikea.com; Curtains, ikea.com; Rug, ikea.com; Shoe boxes, ikea.com; Happy face bag, bando.com; Shoes, target.com and Target stores; Metallic leather tote, target.com; Clothes, TJ Maxx and Target stores. Follow Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Finally, our prayers have been answered.Wouldn't it be great if we could live like Disney Princesses for the rest of our lives? Singing and dressing up and chatting to animals?Well, thankfully there are some great people out there trying to make our dreams become a reality, by bringing Disney into our lives and homes and wardrobes at almost every turn. HerUniverse created their own version of the pink dress that Ariel wears on her date with Prince Eric.And it's gorgeous.Made into a shorter length - because who has many balls to go to these days? - the pink dress has puffy shoulders just like Ariel's and the cute white diamond motif on the sleeves.Isn't it adorable?Unlike Ariel's, this one also has a subtle print featuring seashells, filigree and dinglehoppers - because, of course.Oh and it's a bargain at $47 plus shipping!From: Cosmopolitan UK		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			A glorious thing happened on the Moschino runway.Once, a boy who dated Gigi Hadid sent her such a massive bouquet of roses for her birthday that the flowers almost crushed the delivery man. Today, Hadid outdid him by literally dressing like a human-size bouquet. It was designer Jeremy Scott's vision for the finale of his Moschino spring 2018 show in Milan yesterday:People also quickly picked up that her hair and makeup had major Game of Thrones Cersei Lannister vibes going on (deliberate or not):The back of the ensemble was in full bloom, too. Enjoy it in its full splendor: Here's Gigi walking the runway:She carries a note-like clutch that says "I love you" because of course. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Another out of touch fashion decision. Melania Trump gave a U.N. speech about bullying on Wednesday night—and for some reason chose to pair quotes like "no child should ever feel hungry" with a $2,950 Delpozo dress. "No child should ever feel hungry, stalked, frightened, terrorized, bullied, isolated or afraid, with nowhere to turn," Melania said. "We must teach each child the values of empathy...kindness, mindfulness, integrity, and leadership which can only be taught by example."First of all, it would also be great for Donald Trump to listen to his wife and pick up a few of these values. Kindness, empathy, and leadership go a long way! Second of all, this isn't the first time the First Lady has been criticized for her expensive taste—though Twitter was particularly pissed off this time around.There were people who called out the irony of her comments:Melania Trump, wearing a pink Delpozo designer dress worth thousands, says, "No child should ever feel hungry..."#hypocrisy #letthemeatcake https://t.co/VFIADn7yw5The dress Melania Trump wore during her anti-bullying speech was puffy because it was stuffed with irony. pic.twitter.com/S9rwlJlva8Then there were the people who were upset about the dress itself:Melania wearing a pink Snuggie as she struggles through a TelePrompter speech at the #UNGA is just too much to take.Melania Trump and her pink parachute need to take a hike. What a fraud. Anything about bullying from her mouth is laughable.And then there were the people who were borderline mean about the dress, despite the entire theme of her talk being anti-bullying:Uhhh hello...did we already forget about snug-eez? 😏  Weathers getting chilly guys. pic.twitter.com/lRqKFq3sEvTo quote our resident fashion writer Chelsea Peng, "when you're elected by the people, maybe you ought to think a bit more carefully about dressing for them."Follow Redbook on Facebook.From: Marie Claire US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Like true besties.The bestie effect is real. After years of being side-by-side 24/7, you and your bestie probably talk alike, dress (somewhat) alike, and can read each other's minds because you think alike, too. Celebs aren't immune to this phenomenon, as proved by Gigi Hadid and Kendall Jenner - bffs who are no stranger to twinning. The two both stepped out recently wearing basically the exact same outfit. Here's Kendall in a black top, jeans, and an oversized leather jacket. Now, here's Gigi six days later wearing the fall version of Kenny's look – or Kendall's look before she took scissors to it, unclear. They should have taken a pic together - this is Insta gold. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Look what you meow-de them do.One of the most self-aware and visually stunning moments of Taylor Swift's "Look What You Made Me Do" video was when all of the ghosts of TSwifts past converged in one big human pyramid. As seen in a recent behind-the-scenes clip, Taylor herself really enjoyed reliving all of her past aesthetics:While these variations of TSwift will no doubt be popular Halloween costumes this year, Swiftie Jessica, a vet from Oregon, decided to take her fandom to the next level: By dressing a bunch of kittens up in DIY versions of Taylor outfits through the ages.This tribute is all the more perfect because after all, if there's anything Taylor Swift loves more than toying with entertainment media, it's cats. Here is "Shake It Off"/Black Swan ballerina kitten Taylor, modeled by Pinto:Here's classic Fearless-era kitten Taylor, modeled by Luna:A new challenger appears! Ssserve it up for "Look What You Made Me Do" snake princess kitten Taylor, modeled by Garbanzo:Another classic Taylor, from that apparently immortal VMAs moment, modeled by Fava:Another new Taylor; specifically, a kitten Taylor version of the velvet bodysuit Reputation-era Taylor, modeled by Dobby:Here's an "Out of the Woods" zombie kitten Taylor, modeled by Jelly:And last but certainly not least, "You Belong With Me"/Junior Jewels autograph-sporting kitten Taylor, modeled by Chili:So what got Jessica to put together this purrfect tribute? All of the kittens are her fosters, and she really likes Taylor Swift; this was a way to both enjoy her idol's meta moment and shine a spotlight on some adorable critters. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Ya hear, Butterfingers? One of the most talked-about features of the new iPhone 8 and 8 Plus is that they'll have glass backs and fronts—slippery, slippery glass in which you can watch your expression of abject horror as it tumbles from your fingers onto the sidewalk, shattering into a thousand fractals some Apple Genius can definitely tell was not from "manufacturer error." That'll be $129, please. But what if another, relatively minor investment now could save you some trouble later? Here, shop 10 cases that are already on the market. As indestructible as that one fortress in Lord of the Rings. Caseology, $15BUY IT: caseology.com.They're in my head. They're on my phone. They're on pillows and towels and ties, because pineapples are the It fruit, and there's no escaping them.Casetify, $45BUY IT: casetify.com.Free them!Natalie Catalina's Print Shop, $27BUY IT: society6.com.For the minimalist or maximalist who wants a clear frame for her Glossier and Supreme and whatever stickers.Totallee, $14BUY IT: amazon.com.*Chrissy Teigen cringe face.*Alesia Fisher, $27BUY IT: society6.com.With this phone case comes the responsibility to knock on it whenever you go "I haven't been ghosted—yet." Toast, $34BUY IT: toastmade.com.You know you want to.Speck, $45BUY IT: speckproducts.com.It might be priced like the Rolls Royce of phone cases, but that's because it just might be, with the stingray and celeb endorsements from Jessica Alba.Ullu, $199BUY IT: ullushop.com.The rest of your life looks like Dazed and Confused anyway.Alisa Galitsyna, $27BUY IT: society6.com.Add a few singles (pizza money), and you're set for life. Oh, and your house keys.Mujjo, $23BUY IT: amazon.com.From: Marie Claire US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			*Throwing hints in the group chat about no. 14.*Pin this photo to save this story for later! Human Beer Pong!!!! We play to WIN!!! #winners #2peat #beerpong #Halloweensquad #VIANTA post shared by Stephanie Starr (@stephy_girl_) on Oct 28, 2016 at 4:16pm PDTIt's now a competitive sport. Would you party at our club? 🍔 #clubsandwich #punparty #djmustard #chiabattender #saycheese #lettucedance #pollodancer #pig #olive #thedoorbitchA post shared by Florence Holland (@eggs.florentine) on Apr 11, 2016 at 8:33pm PDTDJ Mustard spinning some sick beats. Wands and wings, floaty crowny things! #halloween #halloweekend #groupcostume #fairlyoddparents #cosmoandwanda #timmyturnerA post shared by Sarah Monahan (@sarah_mona) on Oct 30, 2016 at 1:03pm PDTTimmy! And I say HEY! What a wonderful kind of day...👻 #Arthur #groupcostume #squadgoals #binkybarnes #francinefrensky #arthurread #busterbaxterA post shared by Naiker31 (@naiker31) on Oct 30, 2016 at 1:51pm PDTAnd I say Hey! What a wonderful kind of day. water💧 nurtures and sustains, fire 🔥 is electrical and creative  Air 🌬 corresponds to intellect, and Earth 🌿🌱stands for substance and practicality. #halloween#fourelements#halloweenparty#groupcostume#wewerentreadyforthepicture#yellowdoorhouse#fire#water#air#earthA post shared by diana brodt (@dbrrrrrrr) on Oct 30, 2016 at 4:40pm PDTIs it hot in here or is it just the actual fire? I back it up cause I don't give a fuck #mariokartcostumeA post shared by JLP (@janlouisee) on Oct 26, 2013 at 8:35pm PDTWatch out for those banana peels! #TBT to last month when we drank beer in our wedding dresses. #RachelAndMonica #HappyICanFinallyPostThis #SisterBuff @lanepaigeA photo posted by Kayla McCain (@true_kaylaisms) on Oct 22, 2015 at 8:59am PDTOn Halloween, no one can judge you for wearing a wedding dress not on your wedding day. The wedding party! #bridesmaids #thebetches #holdonforonemoreday #Halloween2k13A photo posted by Melanie Beckman (@mbeckm1) on Oct 31, 2013 at 6:54pm PDT#DysfunctionalSquadGoals. Yip yip yip yip yip yip yip, aha aha.. #halloween #workparty #groupcostume #sesamestreetA post shared by Vicki Gardner (@missvickichips) on Oct 31, 2016 at 10:45am PDTYip yip yip yip! Our group costume at work. We are google maps of the 4 locations DiscoverOrg has been. Ohio to fourth plain, to padden and now on Broadway. #costume #halloween #dressup #groupcostume #discoverorg  @rrrrosebudddd @codygwalton91A post shared by Ronica Romig (@ronicaromig) on Oct 31, 2016 at 12:29pm PDT"Recalculating..." When your @lacroixwater obsession becomes your #halloweencostume at work. 👻🎃🍋🍓🍇🍍🙌💙 #lacroix #squad #cuteaf #groupcostume #workparties #lacroixhalloweenA post shared by Jeremy Jaymes (@jeremylovesteal) on Oct 31, 2016 at 12:41pm PDTSo refreshing. T-Rex got out of its exhibit😳 #jurassicpark #groupcostume #rangers #trex #halloween #costumeA post shared by Kimmy ;) (@lovelykimmy21) on Oct 31, 2016 at 6:44pm PDT"Clever girl." A lifetime supply of Ramen doesn't cost you $699, FYI! #groupcostume #priceisrightA post shared by Cleasy Schlueter (@cleasy) on Oct 31, 2016 at 3:02pm PDTWho's ready to play? Impressive wing span Buzz! #toystory #groupcostume #happyhalloween #halloweenatworkA post shared by Christina Andreas (@purachuu) on Oct 31, 2016 at 3:34pm PDTTo infinity... and beyond! Had way too much fun dressing up with these girls 🐷 #halloween2016 #groupcostume #preK #lovemyjob #lovemycoworkersA post shared by Christina Oglesby (@coglesby18) on Oct 31, 2016 at 4:46pm PDTLook at those cute curly tails! Our team costume did a throwback to one of my favourite childhood games - GUESS WHO? 💭❔#TangerineFamily #HappyHalloween 🎃🕸A post shared by Heather Tam (@heathertam88) on Oct 31, 2016 at 6:45pm PDTBringing back so many memories right now. When you just love fruit that much🍓🍍🍊 • • • • • • • • • • • #fruit #halloween #vegan #vegangirl #fruitcostumes #smiles #peace #halloweencostume #costumeparty #strawberry #pineapple #orange #cute #veganblogger #veganblog #crueltyfree #crueltyfreeblogger #happy #groupcostume #squadgoalsA post shared by Molly 🐰🌱 (@planetmollywoodx) on Oct 31, 2016 at 8:45pm PDTSuddenly craving a smoothie rn. And finally, one of our favorite looks from Friday night: Girl SquadA photo posted by St. Kate's Fashion Association (@stkatesfashion) on Oct 23, 2016 at 7:56pm PDTNever pass up a chance to reinvent Harley Quinn. Ever. The picture of us that was on the newspapers website! ■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■ #RonWeasley#harrypotter#harrypottercosplay#hpcosplay#ronweasleycosplay#weasleycosplay#cosplay#ginger#hp#harrypottercostume#hermionegranger#hermione#hermoniegrangercosplay#photoshoot#hogwarts#A photo posted by Fred is not a sexy name (@gingerroyalty) on Oct 24, 2016 at 12:19am PDTGet ready for a ~mAgiCal~ night. BA-BA-BA, BA-BA-NANA!! 🍌😝 #halloweencostume #minionscostumeA photo posted by 👰🏻 Mrs. Dela Cruz 💍 (@pidc17) on Oct 25, 2015 at 12:20am PDTIt's very unlikely your crew will lose you in the Halloween crowds with your awesome yellow caps. 1st costume of the Halloween season... we come to contend! Hey Arnold #heyarnold #90snickA photo posted by Wynton Yates (@wyntonyates) on Oct 21, 2016 at 8:37pm PDTPrepare to hear "Move it, football head!" all night. The Addams Family! #halloween #halloweencostume #halloween2016 #addamsfamilyA photo posted by Pammy Cortes (@pammycortes) on Oct 25, 2016 at 3:04am PDTNo fighting over who gets to be Wednesday Addams! I think we know who won Halloween 😂 they always have creative costumes though! Also A+ to Erik on form 😂👍 #nhlwags #hockey #Halloween #Girlfriendsofhockey #hockeygirlfriend #Senators #halloweenparty #funnycostumes #sillyhockeyplayers #karlsson #NHL #NHLSenators #OctoberA photo posted by Hockey Wags (@nhlwags) on Oct 20, 2016 at 8:58pm PDTPlié and jeté your way through all the Halloween parties. 🐲👶👓👸 #rugrats #nickleodeon #90s #costumes #fierce #fashion #groupcostume #doneright #maddecent #laA photo posted by Maria L. (@marialasagna) on Sep 15, 2013 at 4:37pm PDTCrop tops will forever be immortalized by shows about babies who can't fit their clothes. Caring is sharing! Care-A-Lot good times for Lanikila Meals on Wheels fundraiser today in BusDev #repost @funklemur #carebears #carebearcostume #cosplay #altresohanaA photo posted by Yvette Kama (@ynoelani) on Oct 31, 2014 at 6:24pm PDTWhy be terrifying when you can be cute and fluffy? THEY SEE US TROLLIN...THEY HATIN #trolldolls #Halloween #houseparty #rainbow #cute #groupcostume #babes #girls #trollin #drunkies #Canadian #howwedoA photo posted by • M A R I A H • D U N N • (@mariahmdunn) on Nov 2, 2014 at 5:51pm PSTThe only kind of trolls worth acknowledging. 🌈Talk about an advertising agency's DREAM group Halloween costume! Social Butterflies😍 We had to share this inspiration from @abigaila13 #halloween #groupcostume #socialmedia #socialmediamarketing #advertising #marketing #adagency #agencylife #publicrelations #sandiego #orangecounty #digital #officelife #tutu #diy #diycostumeA photo posted by Mancuso Media (@mancusomedia) on Oct 29, 2015 at 1:45pm PDTFeel free to block, mute, or delete anyone who tries you. Sugar. Spice. And everything nice. #powerpuffgirls #highballcbus #halloweenA photo posted by Emily O'Connell (@emily_oconnell13) on Oct 22, 2016 at 6:53am PDTDon't let this sugar, spice, and everything nice fool you! Shaggy? Scooby? WHERE ARE YOUUU? 🐶😱 We cannot wait to show you the little project we worked on yesterday! 😋A HUGE thank you to @liv.s.c for all of her expertise! 😍👍🏼 #aparkcosplay #mysteryinc #mysteryincorporated #mysteryinccosplay #cosplay #groupcostume #velmacosplay #daphnecosplay #fredcosplay #cosplaygroup #scoobydoo #monsterhunting #diycostumeA post shared by AParkCosplay (@aparkcosplay) on Feb 12, 2017 at 6:08am PSTThe O.G. crime solvers. Halloween at work was great. #marketing #crayola #color #crayon #crayons #colors #halloween #work #costume #groupcostume #2016 #halloween2016A post shared by Haresh (@just1haresh) on Nov 2, 2016 at 10:16pm PDTGetting creative. #sadbuttrue long live #Halloween and #costumes! #dressup #creativeprocess #ivegotskills #badass #costumelife #costumemaking #costumememe #halloweenmeme #funnyhalloweencostumes #funnyhalloween #rollercoaster  #groupcostume #epiccostume #callmeforagoodtime #icanmakeanything #diyeatyourheartout #diygeniusA post shared by Honey Jayne Festival Fashion (@honeyjayneusa) on Nov 4, 2016 at 1:53pm PDTSo much commitment. Four seasons 🍂🌲🌺🌻 #halloween #nature #groupcostume #loveit #roommatesA photo posted by joctag (@joctag) on Oct 26, 2012 at 5:48pm PDT#Nature. SPICE 🇬🇧 GIRLS This video is live!! Link in my bio 💕 Follow my friends! Check out their videos as well 📽🖥 @patrickstarrr @christendominique @iluvsarahii @nikita_dragun  #spicegirls #halloweencostumeA video posted by Laura Lee (@larlarlee) on Oct 24, 2016 at 9:22pm PDTNow to attempt the perfect "Wannabe" harmony! United way fundraiser for my school - We were the spice girls and we all made our own costumes. My group raised $667 coming in second place behind by only $40!A post shared by kelsie nethery👽🌿🌞 (@kels.vmn) on Sep 29, 2013 at 8:29pm PDTNever heard of Rosemary Leaves Spice... she must be new. This one is memorable... #roommatehalloweencostume #thewizardofoz #groupcostume #grouphalloweencostume #thewizardofozcostumeA photo posted by Fernanda Uriegas Fabian (@feruriegas) on May 8, 2015 at 12:16pm PDTFollow the yellow brick road to your local Halloween party. Before we all fell on our faces 😅 I'm the green one stacked in the middle 😂A photo posted by Isabella Teresa (@lightning_shock) on Aug 6, 2015 at 7:21pm PDTPiling on top of each other to create a rainbow is optional and not necessarily recommended. WE ARE...THE WILD THORNBERRYS! 🐆🐊🐅🐘🐒🐼 #thewildthornberrys #halloween! 🎃 #debbie #crimpedhair #groupcostume #halloweenies #Smashing!!A photo posted by Terra Arguimbau (@terralayne12) on Nov 2, 2013 at 9:23am PDTWith this costume comes a non-optional family portrait. Latinworks Halloween. #meangirls #groupcostume #theplastics #sofetch #shedoesntevengohere #oneednesdayswewearpinkA photo posted by Samantha Figueroa (@beautyglutton) on Oct 31, 2013 at 11:03am PDT*Whispers to squad* "She doesn't even go here." Our full group! Honestly, best group costume ever...can't get over it! #halloween #sesamestreet #groupcostumeA photo posted by Dana (@danalauren_ox) on Nov 1, 2014 at 9:04pm PDTMajor throwback in the building. These ladies were freaking PERFECT. #hocuspocus #DragonCon #cosplayA photo posted by Di Ji (@areized) on Sep 3, 2014 at 7:41pm PDTWill wreak havoc when summoned to a Halloween party. #regram @aapaisley -- here it is #thebreakfastclubA photo posted by Mark Shue (@mark_shue) on Oct 30, 2014 at 3:53pm PDTThere's nothing like teenage angst to get you in the Halloween spirit! AMAZING Beetlejuice and Lydia costumes from our Miracle Mile location! #aaemployees #aahalloween #americanapparelA photo posted by American Apparel Las Vegas (@americanapparellv) on Oct 29, 2014 at 2:27pm PDTDon't enter a room without hearing Beetlejuice three times. Make that your requirement. Clue. Happy halloween. 👻🎃💀#clue #halloween #groupcostume #cluecostume @tessabohman @ptiffosaurusA photo posted by Sadie Allison (@slingsch) on Oct 31, 2014 at 6:23pm PDTI'm thinking it was Miss Scarlett with a rope in the kitchen... As if #cluelesscostume #halloween #dionne #cher #killinitA photo posted by Teasara تيسارا  ชื่อ:ทีซ่าร่า (@fabbydavis) on Oct 31, 2014 at 9:01pm PDT"She's my friend because we both know what it's like for people to be jealous of us." #Real. Throwback to last halloween's group costume - Disney Recess! #disneyworld #halloween #groupcostume #disneyrecess #bestcartoonever #naileditA photo posted by Milo Davis (@milodavisphotography) on Oct 4, 2016 at 2:47am PDTOutwitting bullies one recess/Halloween party at a time. #Strangerthings have happened at the IPG #halloweenparty and the competition is #chilling! Just look at that #GOURDgon! 🎃 #halloween #happyhalloween #groupcostume #squadgoals #justiceforbarb #barb #winonaryder #elevenstrangerthings #eggowaffles #leggoLseggos #gorgon #welovehalloween #workharddressupharder #costumeideas #spoton #lightwall #milliebrown #homemadeawesomeness #strangerthingscostume #classicscifiA photo posted by Independent Publishers Group (@ipgbook) on Oct 25, 2016 at 1:53pm PDTGet a little ~stRaNge~ with it. That time we transformed into superheroes 👻 #transformationtuesday #halloween2014 #squadgoalsA photo posted by Ruchie.M.Patel (@ruch13) on Oct 25, 2016 at 8:10am PDTSaving Halloween from crappy candy one house at a time! A #TBT as old as time...#halloween2012 #throwbackthursday #disneyPrincessesA photo posted by Ruchie.M.Patel (@ruch13) on Oct 13, 2016 at 4:30am PDTJust don't expect any damsels in distress. #TBT to #halloween 2015. #KISS #band #music #legend #groupcostume #rockstar #rockstarsA photo posted by The Kind Bazaar (@thekindbazaar) on Jul 7, 2016 at 6:42am PDTThe best part will be painting each other's faces, no doubt. Game of Thrones #irri #daenerys #khaldrogo #jonsnow #halloweencostume #gameofthrones #got #groupcostume #halloween #gameofthronescostumeA photo posted by whoever I wanna be (@peterparkour13) on Nov 4, 2015 at 5:38pm PSTInstant. Halloween. Hit. Yabba dabba doo! #Halloween #halloweencostume #groupcostume #theflintstones #pebbles #wilma #betty #bambam #wilmaflintstone #bettyrubble #prehistoric #yabbadabbadoo @rachanne1312 @figvixen @katieecandicexxA photo posted by E L I Z A B E T H | 26 | IL (@emayton) on Nov 1, 2015 at 1:39am PSTA good old-fashioned #throwback to the Stone Age. What time is it?! ADVENTURE TIME! 👊🏼⚔✨ #happyhalloween #adventuretime #gangsallhere #LSP #jakethedog #marcelene #finnthehuman #bestfriends #lovethem  #groupcostumeA photo posted by Chelsea Wong (@wittlewong18) on Oct 31, 2015 at 2:29pm PDTThe kid show that's way funnier for adults. Heute haben wir gute Karten ✌️#schlechterwortwizt @melissavermeer @vissersmarieke @fleurvdlaanx @azrasertovicc @gmtts @dokrol #Karneval #partyinporto #groupcostume #diycostume #erasmusgirls #internationalfriends #diyA post shared by Annika (@akamerica) on Feb 27, 2017 at 3:17pm PSTA winning hand! #girls #throwback #MundM #groupcostume #friendshipA post shared by Patrizia (@patrizia212) on Mar 9, 2017 at 1:40am PSTHard on the outside, sweet on the inside. What a lovely day #MadMaxA photo posted by @bree_robertoy on Oct 31, 2015 at 2:19am PDTGetting a necklace made from teeth may be the hardest part. "Do you ever look at someone and wonder, what is going on inside their head?" 😊😡😖😱😩 #InsideOut #Disney #Pixar #Halloween #Anger #Sadness #Joy #Disgust #Fear #Costume #GroupCostume #MixbookFam #SquadA photo posted by J O S H J I M E N E Z (@joshjimenez) on Oct 30, 2015 at 6:52pm PDTYou have every right to wear your emotions on your sleeve. And everywhere else. Who's down for a game?? So fun being fun for once and doing something creative. Boy is it hard to walk when you're a piece of paper... 📝 #happyhalloween #halloween2016 #leveroos #triocostume #groupcostume #rockpaperscissors #productopsA post shared by Charmaine Ng (@noodlemaine) on Oct 31, 2016 at 9:07pm PDTJust know you'll be dueling all night. The Coven of Drama 10! #costumecontest #thecoven #americanhorrorstory #groupcostumeA photo posted by Hannah Jarvis (@hannahcjarvis) on Oct 29, 2015 at 12:40pm PDTNever pass up a chance to wear all black. Ever. still one of my favourite Halloween costumes 🐟💉🎃 #DIY #sharkweek #linkinbio #halloween #costume #costumeideas #groupcostume #lastminute #bbloggers #bbloggersCA #instablogger #instagoodA photo posted by Rachel Mah (@rmahxo) on Oct 29, 2015 at 10:51am PDTShark week has never been so cute! Seriously. Shark week is terrifying. We're all mad here #aliceinwonderland #quad #groupcostumeA photo posted by Emily Thulson (@future.dogtor) on Oct 31, 2015 at 11:05am PDTI'm late, I'm late, for a very important Halloween date. Have you ever seen loofahs waiting at a bus stop before?.. didn't think so 😂 #baytobreakers #loofahcostume #sanfranciscoA post shared by Kayla Hodge (@kaylahodge20) on Jan 9, 2017 at 9:56pm PSTNow that's a squeaky clean costume! When you on your "dry" period but you still want to feel like part of the group🐯🐻🐼 #alyssawasadeer#groupcostume#smile#cuteA photo posted by Syrena Michele (@ssyrenaa) on Oct 24, 2015 at 5:07am PDTHow can you hate on the OG stuffed animals? For #tbt, another fun group costume with the girls! ❤️🎃☺️#glee #pregnantcheerleader #loser #halloween #dressup #friends #showchoir  #tracksuit #groupcostumeA photo posted by Stephanie Skewes (@stephanieskewes) on Oct 8, 2015 at 8:19pm PDTBe prepared to break out into Glee covers at any moment.From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			They turned it out for Tommy Hilfiger's collection with Gigi.Out of the Hadids, Gigi and Bella are oftentimes the ones making headlines. But at the Tommy Hilfiger show at London Fashion Week, the sisters plus their younger brother Anwar all made a splash at their first collective catwalk.Gigi, who co-designed the namesake (Tommy x Gigi) collection, opened the Rock Circus-themed show as expected. But right after her came Bella......and then completing the trio, Anwar. Both sisters showed up in the lineup again, with Bella closing the show:Also amongst the famous faces on the runway? Hailey Baldwin:Naturally, Tommy Hilfiger shared its casting coup on Instagram: Hadid domination. @anwarhadid @gigihadid @bellahadid take the runway by storm ⚡️⚡️ #TOMMYNOW #LFWA post shared by  Tommy Hilfiger (@tommyhilfiger) on Sep 19, 2017 at 1:25pm PDTThis may have been the first time, but it definitely won't be the last time all three Hadids appear on a runway together.From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			How does she do it?On Monday, Kim Kardashian apparently rolled out of bed, ripped a shirt up into a crop top, added ankle booties, and said, "OK, I'm ready to go tape Keeping Up With the Kardashians out and about in L.A. now. In public, in case that wasn't clear."We know this because she showed up on location in the above outfit, which begs the question: Is she on some sort of scrunchie-ankle sweatpants rebranding mission? If yes, it is working. If someone who is not Kim Kardashian, like, IDK, myself, wore this out, could she pull it off (seriously, though, could I, y/n/m)? The fact that she has you entertaining the idea means her work is complete.There's no denying that she has committed to her recent sexy sweatpants look. Check out all these times she's made you ask yourself if you could get away with wearing something similar at work.Am I buying scrunchie-ankle sweats right now? Maybe!!!! Stop judging me!!BUY NOW Mid-Rise Cinch Bottom Sweatpants, HANES (Available at Amazon), $7 to $20From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You know you love her. XOXO. From her classic school uniform to mixed prints that no one else in the known universe could pull off, Blair's style was everything you strived to be. Here are all the fashion best GG fashion moments brought to you by Miss Blair Waldorf.From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She's definitely got a uniform. Every celeb has their ~signature~ look. For Gigi Hadid, it's a crop top with statement pants, for Kylie, it's a tight tank with oversized sweats. Selena Gomez, however, has three outfits that she can't stop wearing – and apparently only one pair of earrings.Here's the proof. First up on your "Must Own ASAP" list: chunky hoop earrings and white sneakers. Selena has been wearing them with almost every single outfit lately – usually accompanied by the Selena Grace Bag from her collection with Coach.One of her favorite ways to wear the accessories is with a retro floral dress. Above she rocked a powder blue fit-and-flare, and below, a navy midi paired with the red Selena Grace Bag.BACK AT IT AGAIN WITH THE WHITE VANS! (Sorry, I couldn't help myself.)When she's not floating around in a swingy dress, Sel is staying comfy in a massive tee – with her trademark hoops and white kicks. She also seems to love pants that have a seam up the front. Lately, Selena's been obsessed with the colorblocking a sweater and mini skirt. She usually pairs the combo with a long plaid coat.Okay, this outfit is paired with shorts, instead of a skirt, but same thing, really. So there you have it, literally all you need to embody the elegance and grace of Selena Gomez is chunky hoops, white sneakers, an over-sized tee, front-seam pants, a floral dress, a plaid duster, a bright sweater, and an equally bright skirt. Basically, the outcome of your average trip for Forever 21. Get to shopping, friends. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Selena Gomez, the face of Louis Vuitton and Coach, is now expanding her fashion portfolio to athleisure. The singer announced on Instagram this afternoon that she is officially a Puma partner with a fiery shot of her in a Puma sports bra and leggings:Her boyfriend, The Weeknd, liked and commented on it, of course:He also posted an Insta story on it on his account:Puma confirmed the news on its Instagram with another shot from Gomez's campaign, featuring the singer doing her best come-hither face in shorts, a tank, and sneakers:The company also shared a cute behind-the-scenes video of Gomez from her first Puma shoot:Fearless talent and 👑 of Instagram joins the family. @selenagomez #DoYou pic.twitter.com/sVK7WvCcBMPaparazzi originally caught her shooting it not too long ago, on September 9:Get those fashion deals, girl. From: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Stranger Things' Shannon Purser and her stylist started looking immediately after nominations came out.When it comes to red-carpet fashion moments, some require loads of planning and others come together instantly. For Shannon Purser, or the scene-stealing Barb from Stranger Things, the Sachin & Babi gown she wore to tonight's Emmy Awards was a bit of both."When I saw that Shannon got nominated, I knew immediately to start looking [for dresses.] She's not the typical sample-size, so I knew I'd have to prepare and speak with some brands to discuss opportunities, especially in the custom realm," her stylist, Gabriel Langenbrunner, explained to ELLE.com. "I have so much respect for Sachin and Babi's designs, and before I was able to pitch them Shannon, they actually emailed us and offered to make something custom for her."The end result is an emerald green take on a runway style from the brand's fall 2017 collection, customized with a small slit Gabriel requested (all the easier to move in). With the Emmys—and the gown—as the final stop in a busy promotional swirl, Gabriel was tactical about what other pieces she's worn. "Each dress she's worn to events leading up to the Emmys has had a hint of what tonight's gown looks like" (like the firefly appliques, similar to the sequin flowers dotting the gown she wore to Friday's nominee reception, and the solo short sleeve, mimicking the cut of the cap sleeves she wore early in the week).With tonight's red carpet as proof that the work between designer, stylist, and star was totally worth it, there's no ignoring the fact that part of the reason the piece was so tailor-made has to do with the small amount of dresses available in sizes other than teeny tiny."The challenging part of the fashion industry is that there aren't a lot of brands who make clothing for the average size American woman. It's like what Leslie Jones said on Twitter for her Ghostbusters premiere," Gabriel said, referring to the actress's tweet that she'd remember how no one wanted to help dress her. "She was appalled at how many people said no because she didn't 'fit' the sample size. That's what I love about Sachin & Babi: They aren't afraid to dress someone who isn't the typical sample size—she looks just as amazing!"Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's like celeb prom!The 2017 Emmy Awards is here, supplying your prom daydreams for the next six months. Start taking notes now, y'all!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Crushing it.Shannon Purser of Stranger Things and Riverdale fame straight up killed it at Sunday's Emmys red carpet.Look at her bold, emerald ensemble, which featured a bunch of little bedazzled bugs. Amazing, right? Take a look at the dress from the side.Barb cleans up good, y'all.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			These kids are lookin' sharp.Sure, other people attended the Emmys red carpet on Sunday night in L.A., but none of them (so far) compare to the kids from Stranger Things, who looked dapper AF.Finn Wolfhard, Noah Schnapp, Gaten Matarazzo, and Caleb McLaughlin were sharp in a tux, a blue velvet creation with gold-embroidered lapels, a three-piece suit, and a purple floral blazer respectively, and I just can't. It's too much.Dying at it up close.Millie Bobby Brown also showed UP.Take a peek at her sweet strapless dress, which featured a very dramatic skirt. Seriously, that thing could take someone out.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Still pretty? Yeah. Pretty. Real pretty.Stranger Things' Millie Bobby Brown arrived on the Emmys red carpet separate from the boys tonight. But for good reason: her Calvin Klein dress — with its giant, Swan Lake-esque white tulle skirt — deserves to be center stage:The 13-year-old actress of course worked it:From: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Would you wear these? Gucci at it again with the bizarre fake sock footwear!The brand previously brought us the ankle-length "sock sandals," and this time, they've taken it to the next level. The Gucci Ilse patent 110mm sandal features a fake latex sock that goes all the way up the calf, and makes you look insane. But I guess that's fashion! And if you want to be fashion, you're gonna have to shell out $1,390.00 for the privilege. That's right; fuck rent! You're buying some fake sock sandals instead! And when it rains, you can use them as an umbrella!I don't know. It's like... I don't love false equivalencies, but I don't think it's too judgmental to say that if you're gonna buy these, maybe don't?! And then donate that money instead and sit in a corner and think about your sins. Or eat some candy and feel proud of yourself for diverting disaster. Whatevs! Of course, I'll probably see these on someone next week and be all, "OMG I LOVE THEM AND I'LL SELL EVERYTHING I OWN TO HAVE THEM." Fashion is fickle and so am I!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			All the closeups you haven't seen. Even if you're viewing a fashion show from the comfort of your computer screen, there's still a lot of noise to cut through—literally, if you're watching one with a soundtrack Michael Bay would love and more quick zooms than an Edgar Wright film. If only there were some way to really see the details and those glorious shoes and bags...There are shoulder dusters, and then there are these guys, who tickle your COLLARBONE. The drama.If these don't wind up on Rihanna's feet/legs at some point, that will be a real missed opportunity. Two straw bags > one. Or none.A very elegant fanny pack, proving that all things are possible.Great for some after-dinner puppetry or lashing stupid men across the face, should the occasion arise. FIDGET SPINNERS (stylized, but still). Grab your scissors and markers, kids. It's DIY time. A sixth microtrend: wrapping bag straps around your wrist. Might take some time to get disentangled every time you want to set it down, but perhaps worth it for the aesthetics. You're eating spaghetti. A twirling error results in a sauce fling. It lands on your torso. You just wipe it off. Genius. It's been a while since we've had a big cuff moment. More, please.Party like it's your birthday and someone's stuck a plastic tiara on your head.It was kind of hard to tell because we were still reeling from the motocross bikers, but those are ying-yang earrings, wow. Better get used to tiny sunglasses hanging around.Same for fanny packs.Heel like one of those zigzag chairs you can't afford. If Mansur Gavriel shows scrunchies, you know '90s hair accessories are well and truly back. A pretty, floral iteration of the mega earring.Sun-bleached and well-worn—just like everything else the Michael Kors woman owns.Not sure how this works, exactly, but still here for it.You know the brand for its tiny ring-handle bucket bags,And when you're not toting it around, you could stick some flowers in there. To everybody who will own these: Take every opportunity possible to prop your feet up for those of us who can't (wah).When it's too hard to pick a shoe for your outfit, go for the Absence of Shoe. From: Marie Claire US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Nickelodeon’s Lizzy Greene shares her fashion favorites.Going to school can get a bit monotonous, but for fashion lovers, each day is an opportunity to show off some top-notch style. So we turned to actress Lizzy Greene—budding fashionista and star of Nickelodeon’s Nicky, Ricky, Dicky, & Dawn—for a little inspo. Here are 12 daring (but totally doable) fashion icon faves, plus tips on how to rock ‘em. Lizzy loves them "because you can dress them up or down." Drop of Jupiter Metallic Bootie, $80, Nasty GalThrow this silky statement piece over jeans and a tee as a breezy, lightweight topper, or belt it and wear it on its own as a flow-y, vintage-inspired dress.Floral Print Kimono, $80, ZaraLarger-than-life jewelry pieces are the easiest way to take an outfit from "everyday" to "Instagram famous." How Lizzy wears them? With a "white T-shirt and layered casual necklaces." Shamia Drop Earrings, $42, Bauble BarThe old-school cut is surprisingly flattering (and way more interesting than another pair of skinny jeans). "I think everyone should have one pair in their closet," Lizzy says. "They are super comfortable and stylish." Pair them with of-the-moment mules and a sheer blouse for total cool-girl vibes. MOTO Mid-Blue Mom Jeans, $70,TopshopHead-turning pieces like this furry topper are the epitome of glam, and can be worn with virtually anything: "You can wear it in the spring and winter, based on how you style it," says Lizzy.Brooch Faux-Fur Coat, $150, MangoA knife-pleat midi skirt is a must-have for all fashionistas. Play on the vintage vibes by adding a faded band tee and ‘60s-inspired block heels.Metallic Pleated Skirt, $60, MangoThe oversized style of this ladylike jacket is a perennial fashion-girl favorite. Opt for one in an unexpected hue (we love this autumnal oxblood shade) for maximum impact.Wool-Blend Coat, $80, H&MFor a blogger-approved alternative to everyday denim, try these chic pants in a slim, tapered cut. Pair it with a solid-color bodysuit and cropped jacket for a cool, color-block look, and be prepared to pose for lots of Insta pics.Wide-cut Lycocell pants, $40, H&MWith a sky-high platform and modern metallic finish, these ‘90s-inspired Oxfords seriously slay. Wear them with contrasting extras (think: ripped boyfriend jeans or a bomber jacket) for balance. Take a cue from Lizzy: "I love platform sneakers right now—they're sporty and dressy at same time." Ceclia Mirrored Oxford, $90, Chinese LaundryTake a cue from your favorite blogger and wear a sheer top over a solid-colored tank top, or rock a solid tee with sheer-paneled pants for a cool, unexpected twist on the classic jeans-and-tee look.Blouse with Frilled Sleeve, $50, Zara		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			This is a movie waiting to happen.Vogue reports that one of the most talked about models at NYFW was working at a Chipotle just 10 days ago. Remington Williams walked for some of the biggest names in the business this past week, including Calvin Klein, Sies Marjan, and Marc Jacobs, and she looked amazing doing it. Not bad for a girl who was washing dishes at an Austin, Texas branch of the fast casual chain the week before. Apparently a scout saw her scrubbing away and was like, "YOU! Come with me!" and she was like, "OK, tight." And now she's strutting about town wearing super nice shit and having the time of her life. Sometimes good things happen and that makes me happy and believe the world isn't garbage. Go on, Remington!The model is now preparing to head to Europe for all the shows, and she's practicing strutting in stilettos to get ready."[I've been wearing] the heels to the grocery store and bodega near my apartment,' she said. 'Models do not get enough credit for walking in those crazy shoes—they make it look so easy!"Of course, if she decides she hates modeling, I'm sure there will always be a place for her on the taco line. Hell, I might join. I love those sofritas! Delectable!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The most beautiful non-bride we've ever seen.Jennifer Lawrence has been nailing it on the promo tour for her new movie Mother! lately, rocking a series of sheer, glittery, naked dresses. But her latest look might be the most interesting, given that it very closely resembles...a wedding dress.The actress looked all kinds of divine in her pale blue/gray Christian Dior dress, and we can't help but wonder how she'll top this look if she does get married one day.Maybe she'll just wear it again? DON'T BE SILLY.She wore her hair up in a curly 'do with loads of flowers at the back (AHEM, bridal hair), and basically couldn't take that huge smile off her face all night.From: Cosmopolitan UK		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Ones to watch.There are no participation trophies in fashion, so now that we've handed out first prize, the rest are honorable mentions. That's real life! But that doesn't mean that next season, the following blips seen on this Fashion Week's radar won't become full-blown, well-adjusted Legit Trends in six months. You'll see. You might not like it, but those chunky, double-wide sneakers dads wear with black socks have some things going for them. For example, they add an off-kilter factor to a long dress, which might otherwise have been too straight-on Fashion. They're easier to walk in than kitten-heel mules, and that might help you be early for once, like a dad who gets to the airport five hours before the flight.The less dad-like the rest of your outfit, the more effective, obviously. Shop similar: Reebok, $165BUY IT: reebok.com.Your nan gasped. But then she offered you the use of her nighties, because she's more woke than to accept antiquated ideas of propriety, okay? Same for Creatures of Comfort, who showed this layered outfit.  Shop similar: Olivia von Halle, $445BUY IT: net-a-porter.com.And Calvin Klein coming in with the printed version of a Mad Men wife's "not tonight, honey" sleepwear. Millennial pink (still?). Gen Z yellow. Why not just combine them both, like Raf Simons at Calvin Klein did? Shop similar: Zara, $70BUY IT: zara.com.No Easter eggs, though, not even in this very ladylike ensemble from Carolina Herrera. Earlier this year, we declared vinyl the biggest celebrity trend. Next spring, make that *red* vinyl, as seen at Calvin Klein.Shop similar: ASOS, $40BUY IT: asos.com.Is that waterproof, Helmut Lang?Maybe you've been eyeing Maryam Nassir Zadeh's clear-plastic-upper wedges. Or maybe you should wait for her new-season, even more see-through version (minus a few inconsequential colored bits for structural integrity).Oscar de la Renta, an advocate for the greater visibility of bunions.Shop similar: Jeffery Campbell, $125BUY IT: urbanoutfitters.com.From: Marie Claire US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's s-s-stupendous!Madeline Stuart, fashion designer and model, walked runways in both NY and LA for her line, 21 Reasons Why by Madeline Stuart. Her looks were all gorgeous, but none more than her Britney Spears-channeling snake couture that instantly brought me back to Brit Brit's iconic VMA's performance. I mean... come on — it'ssssss too good:Madeline's other looks were equally stellar, even though they were obviously missing snakes:From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The snuggle is real.Napping is, was and will forever be bae. Here are some super cute things to keep you cozy AF as you nap the day away...$22, ASOS$46, ASOS$24.99, ModCloth$24.99, ModCloth$29.99, PBTeen$16, ban.do$49, society6$44.99, ModCloth$6, Kikkerland$20, Kikkerland$18, Frostbeard Studio$39, Urban Outfitters$15, Urban Outfitters$10, ban.do$34, Urban Outfitters		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The model also stopped to check the woman was alrightBella Hadid stepped in to protect a female photographer who was purportedly pushed away by an over-zealous male security guard.The 20-year-old model was surrounded by photographers and fans as she left the Michael Kors show during New York Fashion Week yesterday afternoon when a scuffle broke out between security and paparazzi. Bella immediately reached out towards the security guard and instructed him not to touch the photographer, before checking she was OK. The star intervened and was heard shouting: "Hey! Can you please not touch her!"Bella continued to warn him not to touch the photographer as she walked away to her car. He denied any physical altercation with the photographer.  Thank you @michaelkors ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️A post shared by  Bella (@bellahadid) on Sep 13, 2017 at 2:08pm PDTIt's been a very busy week so far for Hadid who has walked the runways for designers including Marc Jacobs, Ralph Lauren, and Alexander Wang. She's been sure to thank each designer with individual posts on Instagram. Bella also stepped in for big sister Gigi earlier this week when Gigi misplaced her shoe on the catwalk for Anna Sui. Bella put her arm around her sister to help her balance as she strutted in just one gold platform sandal, and the pair closed the show together. Meanwhile, she recently confirmed that she will walk the Victoria's Secret catwalk in December, writing in a post on Instagram: "I feel so crazy humbled to get the opportunity to be a part of this show again... @victoriassecret I am so excited!..!!!!Thank you @monica.mitro @10magazine @johndavidpfeiffer and of course the wonderful, incredible @ed_razek + everyone on the team for making this dream come true again.. I feel so crazy humbled to get the opportunity to be a part of this show again...Walking into the offices this year i felt so happy, healthy, and honored.. I can't wait for another incredible experience!!! Congrats to all of the beautiful ladies I will be walking beside. I can't wait! Xx 💕🌸A post shared by  Bella (@bellahadid) on Aug 26, 2017 at 4:32pm PDT"Walking into the offices this year I felt so happy, healthy, and honored.. I can't wait for another incredible experience! Congrats to all of the beautiful ladies I will be walking beside. I can't wait!"From: Harper's BAZAAR UK		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			For cultural appropriation *and* the fact it looks pretty similar to one by Kate Spade.Here we go again: Kendall and Kylie Jenner have been accused of cultural insensitivities surrounding one of the handbags from their latest collection.The bag in question is shaped like a Chinese takeout box, with a tiger and "KK Express Los Angeles" written on the front in red lettering. It is called the "Lee leather clutch."Not only is the bag a more-than-questionable design choice for cultural reasons, but it also looks really rather similar to one designed by Kate Spade in 2014.Awkward all round, then.MTV Asia reported on the bag, saying that it has "ruffled feathers in the Asian community." They added: "And btw, these are not legit Chinese take-away boxes and it doesn't even look like that here in Asia. LOL!"Just this week, a photographer has reportedly filed a lawsuit against the sisters for their line of T-shirts featuring 2Pac, Biggie, and Redman, with Kylie and Kendall's faces printed over the top.At the time the T-shirts were on sale, Kendall released a statement, saying, "These designs were not well thought out and we deeply apologize to anyone that has been upset and/or offended...We will use this as an opportunity to learn from these mistakes and again, we are very sorry."Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan UK		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I even got my hands on that iconic White Party dress. Do you remember the exact moment your entire life changed? I do. It was July 2008. I was squished onto one half of a twin bed at summer camp with one earbud in my ear; next to me, my friend was playing an episode of this cool new show called Gossip Girl on this cool new device called an iPod Touch. The zinging comebacks, the juicy drama, Nate Archibald's heart-poundingly blue eyes: I was hooked. I binged the first season that summer (back before binge-watching was even a thing) and devoured the next five seasons as they aired. I spent the rest of high school grimacing my way through headband-induced headaches and taking the bus to New York City on weekends to linger outside Blair Waldorf's apartment. I wound up going to college at NYU (Blair, Dan, and Vanessa's school) because — in part thanks to the show — New York was the only place in the world I wanted to live. If this all sounds vaguely familiar to you, maybe you've seen my Seventeen.com essay "I Based My Entire Life on Gossip Girl and I Don't Regret It," which went embarrassingly viral. The Daily Mail made fun of me; more than two years later, half my DMs from strangers are variations on, "Are you the real Blair Waldorf?" Gossip Girl gave me a path to follow when I was 15 and feeling majorly lost about who I was and who I wanted to become. I was a bored kid in the suburbs who wanted to believe that the show's glamour could happen to me. Here's the catch: I'm not actually a snotty teenage billionaire. When I moved to New York, I ate dining hall grilled cheeses instead of Serena van der Woodsen's beloved $50 truffle grilled cheese at the Palace Hotel; I took the subway instead of riding around in limos; I shopped at thrift stores and American Apparel instead of at Bergdorf Goodman and Henri Bendel. That didn't matter to me — the truth of New York was even better than what I saw on TV, because it was real and it was mine.On September 19, 2017, Gossip Girl turns 10. In honor of my favorite show's anniversary, I spent a week dressed like Upper East Side style icon Blair Waldorf. Here's what happened. I've heard that the first crisp, cool day of fall makes some people crave Pumpkin Spice Lattes and cozy scarves. For me, that kind of weather begs for something different — thigh-high socks and bouclé jackets, preferably thrown on in a frenzy while listening to the highlights of the greatest soundtrack of all time.  The Upper East Side gained another pair of watchful eyes this summer. You know you love me... Xoxo Gossip GirlA post shared by  Hannah Orenstein (@hannahorens) on Aug 29, 2017 at 3:02pm PDTCoincidentally, I moved to the Upper East Side less than two weeks before my Blair tribute week began, which made dressing like a Constance Billard schoolgirl almost too easy. As I learned back in high school, dressing like Blair doesn't require a trust fund budget. Her style staples (A-line minis, collared shirts, preppy flats, fun tights and socks) can be found pretty much anywhere.  Hey, B. — let's meet after school? The Palace, 8 pm? xoxo H.A post shared by  Hannah Orenstein (@hannahorens) on Aug 30, 2017 at 11:13am PDTWhat did I say about headbands earlier? I can't remember, because those things still feel like they cut off my brain circulation. For day two, I pulled inspiration from Blair's preppy color palette and topped off the outfit with a knotted navy and gold headband — a variation on her signature accessory.  Little J., could you move down a step?A post shared by  Hannah Orenstein (@hannahorens) on Sep 6, 2017 at 2:41pm PDTThis dress always reminds me of a shirt Blair could have swiped from Chuck Bass's closet. And the jacket happens to be something I pulled from my mom's closet a full decade ago, back when I copped Blair's style to look sharp in pre-calc and chem. Old habits die hard. On my way to work, I ran into a group of Upper East Side teens heading off to private school. We were all basically wearing the same thing. (Fine, they could not get away with fishnets, like I did, but you know that if Blair were still around today, she'd wear them. Girl loved a good statement tight.)  Fishnets might be pushing the Constance Billard dress code.A post shared by  Hannah Orenstein (@hannahorens) on Sep 7, 2017 at 3:29pm PDTFor the record, look at what Gossip Girl stylist Eric Daman had to say about creating B. & S.'s school looks: Blair wore a black-and-white checked jacket with power-clashing shoes, so I wore a black-and-white checked jacket with power-clashing shoes.  Gossip Girl here, your one and only source into the scandalous lives of Manhattan's elite.A post shared by  Hannah Orenstein (@hannahorens) on Sep 11, 2017 at 2:51pm PDTJust saying, I would've made a really good minion. Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, I need to talk about this dress. Season two, episode one: Blair is about to leave the White Party in the Hamptons with her fake boyfriend James — the one she's half-heartedly dating to make Chuck jealous — when Chuck catches up to her. He says he regrets breaking her heart and urges her not to leave with James. That's when Blair utters one of the most iconic phrases in television history: "Three words. Eight letters. Say it and I'm yours," she pleads. She wants to hear "I love you," but Chuck can barely sputter out the first word. So she walks away! The scene is hard to watch, and it's made even better by Blair's impeccable Marc by Marc Jacobs dress — a dress I happened to stumble across on eBay for a fraction of the original cost just a few weeks ago. The brief seconds in between when I spotted the dress and when eBay sent me the confirmation email for my purchase were the sweatiest, most panicked moments of my life.  Three words. Eight letters. Say it and I'm yours.A post shared by  Hannah Orenstein (@hannahorens) on Sep 8, 2017 at 3:03pm PDTAs Blair herself says... Blair wouldn't bother with modesty, so I won't, either: I felt straight-up fabulous this week, and not only because it's impossible to feel like a slouch when you're ironed, curled, and buttoned-up within an inch of your life. In the past decade, I haven't ever strayed that far from Blair's preppy style. But channeling it so fully this week reminded me of Gossip Girl's transformative magic. When you dress like someone who embraces her confidence and power, even during her lowest moments, you can't help but feel confident and powerful, too. All you need is a headband. Hannah Orenstein is the Assistant Features Editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Twitter and Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Chic AF.From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			And closes the show with her sister Bella.Gigi and Bella Hadid, favorites of designer Anna Sui, walked together in her show during New York Fashion Week. Each wore two looks over the course of the show. Here's Gigi in a long blue coat:But she lost a shoe while modeling her second outfit. She appeared on the runway with a sock on one foot: @gigihadid closing out the @annasui show tonight was EPIC (we especially loved all the sparkles) #NYFWA post shared by  Making it in Manhattan (@makingmanhattanofficial) on Sep 11, 2017 at 7:19pm PDTOf course she pulled it off expertly:Her sister Bella had no apparent wardrobe malfunctions.And hey, sexy needlepoint is a thing now:But the best moment of the show was when the Hadids took their finale walk together, with Bella supporting her sister:And after the show, Gigi wrote a note to Sui on Instagram: "I just want to say thank you so much for having me in your show. You’re like family to me. I appreciate your support from the very beginning so much, and I always love being a part of your show."  Post-show love from @gigihadid. Thank you for always rocking Anna's runway! 💖 #AnnaSuiSpring18 #GigiHadidA post shared by  Anna Sui (@annasui) on Sep 11, 2017 at 6:52pm PDTFollow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It’s also adding way more styles in larger sizes. Retailers across the country are finally waking up to the fact that yes, women who wear above a size 12 spend money on clothes, too! Now one of the biggest big-box chains in the country is realizing that adding more sizes boosts sales — and those sizes don't have to get slapped with a “plus-size” label, either. Women’s Wear Daily reports that Kmart is removing the term “plus-size” from its stores, and instead rolling out expanded “Fabulously Sized” sections at stores across the country.Kelly Cook, Kmart’s chief marketing officer, told WWD that older shoppers wanted a separate section for larger sizes, while younger shoppers wanted those sizes integrated into the rest of the store instead. Because of that divide, the separate sections will specifically feature extended sizes from brands like Basic Editions and Jaclyn Smith, which cater to older shoppers. Kmart is also offering more sizes of other brands like Joe Boxer, Everlast, and Attention, within the rest of the women's department, and it's marking extended sizes with a “fabulously sized” sign on the racks. They’re also starting a new body-positive ad campaign under the slogan “I Can.”This move to expand the “fabulously sized” selection makes a ton of sense from a business perspective, as larger sizes make up 21 percent of Kmart’s women’s sales, and the store says adding larger sizes has already helped sales. Though of course, the ideal would be to have every single item of clothing available in every size, for now it’s a step in the right direction. Whether banning the term “plus size” will affect sales remains to be seen, but it’s clear shoppers want to buy cute stuff, no matter what size they happen to wear. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Straight off of her New York Fashion Week date night with The Weeknd on Friday, Selena Gomez made her second stunning fashion week party appearance yesterday at the Business of Fashion's #BoF500 party. And she went dressed in the Old Hollywood bombshell version of a naked dress by Rodarte:With her mauve lip and deep side-parted bob, Gomez looked every bit the part of classic screen siren: @selenagomez from tonight for #BOF500 Gala. 👗 @kateyoung 💅🏻 @tombachik 💇 @officialdanilohair 💄 @hungvanngoA post shared by  Hung Vanngo (@hungvanngo) on Sep 9, 2017 at 7:25pm PDTUnfortunately, her boyfriend The Weeknd wasn't there to take it in as her date—but only for work-related reasons. He's back on tour and played his Sept. 9 show in Toronto last night. (Drake was there.)Drake at @theweeknd's show tonight in Toronto. via @MustafaThePoet IG story. pic.twitter.com/jfqXWldLA6@theweeknd Always XO Awesome Night!!😎🖖 #StarBoyTour #XO #Toronto pic.twitter.com/1U4DwNqisQAt the party, Gomez was photographed chatting with Jared Leto and enjoying the dinner:Gomez was celebrating her BoF 500 cover, which she proudly showed on her Instagram story earlier that evening alongside her new puppy, Charlie. It was his Insta debut:From: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			THOSE SHOES.Kendall Jenner attended the Harper's Bazaar Celebrates ICONS by Carine Roitfeld event in NYC on Friday night in a ~very~ sheer dress and she looked like a starlet from the 50s (if said starlet got to wear lingerie in public) and also a little bit like Ashley Judd in the early 2000s? Am I wrong? She's really give me Ashley Judd starring in Someone Like You vibes. Look at this pic and tell me I'm wrong! I'm not wrong!Anyway, let's enjoy the outfit via some pictures below, and don't forget to check out the rest of the gorgeous looks from the Harper's Bazaar ICONS event. Selena and The Weeknd attended together! Awww.From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Warning / Caution / Hot / BasicBetsy Johnson, the timeless queen of kitschy couture, has introduced the ultimate pop culture accessory, the Pumpkin Spice Latte bag. Using the below picture for scale, it appears the bag is about the same size as a venti beverage, and just as delicious.According to Teen Vogue, a notice along the bottom of the bag reads, "Warning / Caution / Hot / Basic" and that's about the best thing I've ever heard. The item is described as: "Take your love of the pumpkin spice latte to the next level with this playful round crossbody. Its shape reflects your favorite drink as the perfect fall accessory." Don't mind if I do!Every single basic B I know better be wearing this so hard next week or I will feel seriously let down. BRB, buying one. From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Ooooh, sparkly!If your biggest ambition in life is to look and live like a mermaid, then you could be halfway there thanks to these tights.Sure, you might get a few looks as you strut down the street in green tights covered in glitter, but they can only be looks of jealousy, right?And who do you have to thank for fulfilling your mermaid dreams? Etsy seller Lirika Matoshi — although you might want to sit down before we tell you the price.You see, these beauts are handcrafted and made-to-order, which means they're one-of-a-kind and a lot of work goes into making them.Because of that, a pair of your own bedazzled fishnets could be above the $200 mark.For instance, this pair of ombre, two-tone purple and green, very mermaid-like tights with flower, stars and sequin embellishments will set you back $309.BUY NOWThis 'Sunset' pair of fishnets is a legitimate work of hosiery art.BUY NOWThese 'Beneath the Sea' ones feature so much heavy detailing, it's not surprising they cost $399.99.BUY NOWLirika also makes cute embellished lingerie.BUY NOWAnd there are a load of cute handmade sparkly socks and other accessories over on her Etsy shop. Check it all out here.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan UK		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Gotta look fire for those homecoming Instas. The best part about fall: tailgate parties, Super Bowl food, and hot, delicious PSLs (unrelated, but still important). Have your game day style at the ready with these seven super cute ~sporty~ outfits perfect for every fan – no matter what your team is. Clockwise: NFL Packers Bomber Jacket, $27, Forever 21; Best Life Medium Wash Denim Dress, $37, Lulu's; Loma Reflective Sunglasses (Similar), $14, Francesca's; Trek The Pyramids Metallic Sneakers, $17, GoJane; Green Bay Packers Dooney & Bourke Green Triple Zip Crossbody Purse, $128, NFL ShopClockwise: Los Angeles Rams Raglan 3/4-Sleeve T-Shirt, $45, NFL Shop; Punk Lifestyle Studded Contrast Clutch, $15, GoJane; Tiffanie Black Velvet Slip On Mules, $58, Tobi; Floral Threads Distressed Denim Skirt (Similar), $29, GoJane; Retro Oval Sunglasses, $15,ban.doClockwise: Customized Boyfriend Sweatshirt, $68, Bow & Drape; Boyfriend Jeans, $45, PacSun; Cloudfoam Racer Women's Shoes, $45, Kohl's; Taos Black Studded Purse, $39, Lulu's; New York Giants Fiona Cuff Knit Beanie, $26, JetClockwise: Gold Oversized Chain Link Choker Necklace, $12, Missguided; Chicago Bulls Bralet, $28, Topshop; Girls Gotta Eat Holographic Lunch Box, $24, Amazon; Lipstick 3D iPhone Case, $38, Valfre; Bits 'N Pieces High-Low Denim Minis Skirt, $42, GoJane; Flame Sk8-Hi Reissue, $65, VansClockwise: Oslo Sunglasses, $11, Sunglasses Warehouse; University of Hawaii Lace-Up V-Neck Tee, $40, PINK; Cirallan Bag (Similar), $28, ALDO; Harper Marina Skinny Jeans, $14, Tobi; Treasure Chest Denim Slip-On Sneakers, $26, GoJaneClockwise: Chicago Bears Gray Sideline Skinny Pant, $45, NFL Shop; Canvas Old Skool, $55, Vans; Chicago Bears Fidget Spinner, $7, NFL Shop; Super Puma Track Jacket, $80, PacSun; White Crop Top, $38, Lulu's; Zoe Mirrored Cat Eye Sunglasses, $16, Francesca'sClockwise: Rosemary Rose Distressed Denim Jacket, $70, Nasty Gal; University of Florida Crop Muscle Tank, $33, PINK; Jaunty Mesh Fashion Sneaker, $50, Zappos; Florida Gators Vera Bradley Vera Bradley Wristlet, $50, Lids; High Rise Skinniest Jeans, $45, PacSunFollow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You'll want to get your hands on it ASAP. In case you needed another reason to love Lauren Conrad, her latest line for Kohl's will totally win you over. Her third limited-edition runway capsule collection, LC Lauren Conrad Runway, debuted yesterday and, for the first time, includes plus sizes, according to a press release. Lauren's previous designs included maternity wear and beachwear, but this time her line — a girls' night out-focused collection called "Downtown Glam" — features dresses, off-the-shoulder tops, and statement jackets in sizes from 0X to 3X. The pieces, which incorporate fall trends like crushed velvet and graphic florals, are priced from $12 to $154, meaning my wallet is officially crying tears of joy."With this collection, the LC Lauren Conrad brand is launching into the plus category, making affordable fashion possible for everyone looking to have a night out," reps for the company said in a press release. The former Hills star also teamed up with fashion vlogger Loey Lane, who posed for campaign photos.The entire line can be found in Kohl's stores and online. Shop a few items below!BUY NOW Print Flutter Top, LC LAUREN CONRAD RUNWAY (Available at Kohl's), $36BUY NOW Wide-Leg Crop Velvet Pants, LC LAUREN CONRAD RUNWAY (Available at Kohl's), $33BUY NOW Pleated Velvet Skirt in Silver Blue, LC LAUREN CONRAD RUNWAY (Available at Kohl's), $48BUY NOW Wrap Maxi Dress, LC LAUREN CONRAD RUNWAY (Available at Kohl's), $63BUY NOW Velvet Fit and Flare Dress in Pink Silhouette, LC LAUREN CONRAD RUNWAY (Available at Kohl's), $54Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			We need these!Remember those Minnie the Mouse heels we showed you earlier this year that were really cute but cost hundreds of dollars from Net-A-Porter? Here they are to jog your memory:Well, now UK clothing store Primark (which has locations in America!) has decided to make all of our Disney-related Christmas dreams come true by releasing their own pair of heels just in time for the party season.And yes, they're just as gold, just as sparkly, and have the same super-cute Minnie ear situation going on at the back.Here they are looking amazing:They do a black pair, too.The best bit about the Primark pair is that they will cost you a measly $18. That's like four coffees at Starbucks.From: Cosmopolitan UK		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			A sad day for Yeezy fans.Kanye's New York fashion show is always filled with drama (models passing out in soaring temperatures, invites sent in a vacuum-sealed plastic bag etc) but this year looks set to be an altogether quiet affair. According to Business of Fashion, the rapper and design mogul has chosen not to show his Yeezy Season 6 collection on its originally scheduled date, which was 13 September. Redken, who was on hand as a beauty collaborator for the show, reportedly sent an email Wednesday confirming the cancellation.Representatives for Kanye West and Adidas did not immediately respond to a request for confirmation, says Business of Fashion. A source close to the star, however, says it wasn't as dramatic as it sounds. 'There was never a show on the NYFW schedule,' they said. 'There was basically a hold in the event Kanye opted to show during NYFW. There will be a presentation or showroom for the Season 6 collection, just not during NYFW.'Reports of confusion swirled for weeks as to why no plans had been confirmed concerning details of the show. The rapper is notoriously tight-lipped about his projects, but this time really gave nothing away.Yet we've all heard the news that he and Kim K are expecting their third childvia surrogate, so maybe he's tied up with the family? Either way, this won't be the last we've heard of it. Looking forward to the Twitter rant/meltdown in the coming future. From: ELLE UK		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			“It’s like I’m dreaming."Just days after her 36th birthday, Beyoncé is giving us a gift. After teasing a new mysterious collaboration between the singer and fellow icon Laverne Cox on Twitter last week, today it was revealed that the Orange Is the New Black star is one of the faces of Beyoncé's Ivy Park AW17 campaign.What did we do to deserve such excellence? The 45-year-old actress and activist slays as usual in a corseted sweatshirt, a dramatically cropped top and a matching athleisure set. Cox, like the rest of us, is a huge Bey fan. She celebrated the star's birthday with a sultry homemade video homage shot from a hot tub and celebrated her own birthday by having a blast at the Formation world tour.  She told PeopleStyle that the opportunity to work with Beyonce on the AW17 campaign was "like a dream." “To be honest, it doesn’t feel real,” she's quoted as saying. “It feels like some weird fantasy that I’ve had since Destiny’s Child. It feels amazing that I get to be a part of this brand that has already inspired me and be working with a woman who has especially been a huge inspiration to me and so many folks around the world.”According to a statement from the brand, the campaign champions “the beauty and strength found in our uniqueness" and "tapping into your inner hero." Ivy Park's Instagram also showcases other faces of the campaign including choreographer Karen McDonald and models Grace Bol and Souffrant Ralph.Check out the full line plus videos on the Ivy Park website.From: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Need. Now.At this point, Pumpkin Spice Lattes are basically a required fall accessory and if you don't have one, don't even bother posting that OOTD.So what's a girl to do when you've already finished you cup of pumpkin-flavored joe for the day? Well, you could buy another one (solid idea) or get yourself one of these babies:Yep, a PSL purse. Not sure how we've lived without this for so long, but thankfully the adorable outfit addition is available now. And it even comes with the classic Starbucks name misspelling. You can shop the Betsey Johnson bag here for $78, which sounds like a lot, but honestly it's only like two weeks worth of PSLs. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Momager ~vibes~.Kendall Jenner has given up commercial activism for a second and gone back to her day job: Walking runways with what her mama gave her. And it seems that at least for her showing at the Tom Ford show (which sister Kim also made a splash at, albeit as an attendee), she quite literally rocked a Kris Jenner look, that black ruffled pixie cut in particular.Even the sleek one-shoulder gown isn't so far off from something Kris would wear, after all. But the familial resemblance didn't stop either Jenner from posting the outfit. Kendall shared a runway snap on her Instagram:And Kris went into mom mode, with the caption, "My beauty @kendalljenner walking for @tomford tonight! #NYFW#TomFord #SS18 #TomFordSS18 #NYC #proudmama":The family that dresses and looks the same together, stays together?From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The pledge is meant to ensure better treatment of models.Gucci, Celine, Louis Vuitton, and Dior are among brands who have pledged to abandon size-zero models. The promise forms part of a new charter created by luxury conglomerates LVMH and Kering, who own numerous luxury fashion houses.Female models will have to be a minimum French size 34 (a U.S. size 2) and a French 44 for men (extra small). Both companies have also agreed not use men or women under the age of 16 to model adult clothes.In addition, the charter pledged to make a dedicated psychologist or therapist available during working time. The BBC reports that models will also have to present a valid medical certificate to prove that they are fit for work."We have the responsibility of building new standards for fashion and we hope to be followed by other players in our sector," said Antoine Arnault, an LVMH director.The ill treatment of fashion models has become a big issue industry issue. In March, Balenciaga sacked two casting directors after they reportedly left 150 models waiting for hours in a dark stairwell while the they went to lunch. Their actions were described as "sadistic" and "cruel" by casting director James Scully, who first divulged the claims.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Harper's BAZAAR UK		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The actress put a see-through spin on the classic ball gown. As her upcoming horror film mother! makes its debut at the Venice Film Festival, Jennifer Lawrence is serving up some major red carpet looks for the occasion. The Oscar-winning actress stepped out today in a sheer polka dot gown from Dior Couture's Spring 2017 collection. Putting a modern-day twist on the classic ball gown, Jennifer's look was the naked dress trend meets Disney Princess. Embroidered with florals, the cascading gown looked like a dream as the actress boarded a boat to the red carpet (as one does) in the Italian city. Does it get any more glamorous than this? Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Harper's BAZAAR US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			But the apology hasn't gone far enough for some of her critics.Gigi Hadid has come under fire after confirming her return to the annual Victoria's Secret Fashion Show, scheduled to take place  this year in Shanghai, China. The reason?An Instagram video posted by her sister, Bella, back in February which appeared to show the 22-year-old model appearing to squint her eyes as she held up a Buddha-shaped cookie — a move critics argue is an impersonation of the religious figure, and played on racist Asian stereotypes.this is y'all woke palestine queen? Gigi out here mocking Asian people. i would say she's cancelled but she never started. rat @GiGiHadid pic.twitter.com/b6wj5k1sXEAs a result, hundreds of fans took to social media to condemn the model, and comment that she wasn't welcome in China.  In response, Gigi disabled her Instagram comments and has now reportedly apologized to her fans on the Chinese social media site Weibo. In the statement, captured by Twitter user @mr_jielin, the model wrote a post in both Mandarin and English that read:"It hurts me to hurt anyone, and I want you all to know that it was never my intent to offend anyone through my actions and I sincerely apologize to those who were hurt or felt let down by me. I have the utmost respect and love for the people of China and cherish the incredible memories I have made while visiting in the past."I have learned to be very careful of how my actions can come off or be portrayed and I'm hopeful you'll accept my apology. I hope to meet many of you and let you get to know me for me. I do not condone hurtful behavior and want people and fans of all backgrounds to know they are welcomed, loved and respected around me and by me," she concluded.Despite the apology, some aren't impressed she only posted her apology on a microblogging site used primarily in China, rather than on sites such as Instagram and Twitter that can be accessed internationally. It is unclear whether this was a deliberate social media strategy, as Gigi has not commented further.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: ELLE UK		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Try Instagram star Daniella Perkins' best styling tips for the tricky time between summer and fall.Post-Labor Day, the weather is all like ¯\_(ツ)_/¯. Sometimes it's hot, sometimes it's cold, meaning no matter what season you're dressing for, you'll probably be wrong. But, the good news is that our fave actress Daniella Perkins is here to show us all her favorite fall lewks, so your style will be point, even if the temperature isn't. Regular skinny jeans are fine, but embroidered ones are all the rage this fall. Pair 'em with a summer dress that you're not quite ready to put into winter storage (that coral color, tho!) and faux fur-lined shoes for the perfect all-seasons look. Embroidered Skinny Jeans, Rampage, $49, Macy's; Jill Faux-Fur Tailored Mule, Steve Madden, $89, Macy's; Frill Slip Dress, $55, Topshop; Lace Up Eyelet Choker Necklace (similar), $13, ASOSIf you thought florals could only be worn in the spring, you thought wrong. Darker shades make the pattern totally appropriate when temps are in the 60s, particularly when you wear snuggly slip-ons on your feet.Cold Shoulder Blouse, Hippie Rose, $34, Macy's; Ricci Slip On, UGG, $90, Macy's; Ripped Skinny Jeans, Indigo Rein, $49, Macy's; Gold-Tone White Flower Ribbon Choker Necklace, Betsey Johnson, $35, Macy'sCan we all just agree that ruffles should stick around forever? Bring your most loved feminine dress into fall with a lightweight jacket that has — yup — more ruffles. Red sneaks will have all eyes on you. Ruffled Bomber Jacket, American Rag, $60, Macy's; Chuck Taylor Shoreline Casual Sneakers, Converse, $50, Macy's; Lace Appliqué Fit & Flare Dress, Material Girl, $45, Macy'sLace-up tops can do no wrong, amiright? A black tank underneath will keep it school-appropriate, and metallic sneakers glam it up just a bit. Mesh Lace Up Tee, Gypsies & Moondust, $34, Macy's; Printed Skinny Jeans, William Rast, $120, Macy's; Easton DIY Large Tote, Steve Madden, $78, Macy's; Kitten Lace-Up Sneakers, Madden Girl, $44, Macy's; Denim Choker Necklace, $12, Topshop White after Labor Day is totally okay — but to play it safe, go for a cream shade instead of a bright white. The keyhole detail in this ribbed tee is unexpected and cool, while bold mules are perfect for shuffling to your next class. Convertible Strappy Keyhole Top, American Rag, $30, Macy's; Gold-Tone Multi-Row Choker Necklace, GUESS, $20, Macy's; Brocade At-Ease Loafer, $128, Free People; Pocket Pinafore Dress, $68, Topshop A lightweight bomber jacket is the perfect in-between style solution; patches add a super cool grunge factor to your backpack. Ripped Twill Pants, American Rag, $50, Macy's; Wilson Medium Canvas Backpack, Steve Madden, $98, Macy's; Kudos Slip-On Sneakers, Madden Girl, $49, Macy's; Patch Detail Reversible Bomber Jacket, Endless Rose, $84, Shopbop; Leonard T-Shirt, Tee & Cake, $35, TopshopThe easiest way to survive the in-between season in style is with autumn colors (red and black is always cool) and sheer ankle socks.Plaid Off-the-Shoulder Top, 7 Sisters, $34, Macy's; Kudos Slip-On Sneakers, Madden Girl, $49, Macy's; Short Pencil Skirt (similar), $60, Topshop; Mini Dot Sheer Anklets, $10, Avec Les FillesTip of the season: Pointy-toe shoes can dress up even the breeziest of outfits. Wear them with orange florals and a light denim jacket to transition from summer to autumn. Floral-Print Shift Dress, American Rag, $60, Macy's; Ex-Boyfriend Embroidered Cotton Denim Trucker Jacket, Levi's, $148, Macy's; Dorriety Faux Fur Mule, ALDO, $60, Macy's; Buh Bye Paparazzi Sunglasses, $48, Perverse		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Outfit/relationship inspo. Apparently there's a new rule for DTRing in 2017. First: Snapchat Stories. Next, a tagged Instagram. Then, if you play it like Gigi Hadid, wearing clothes with hidden messages about your bae. Yesterday, she stepped out in NYC wearing her usual getup of a tiny top and cropped Maje jeans with a bag only visible by microscope. Per usual, her look featured a hidden Zayn Malik easter egg – on her butt. Her back pocket literally says "Zayn," which is so adorable I'm screaming. But Gigi, honey, I think you're wearing that sweater wrong. Kelsey is the assistant style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Finally, a school gets it right.Young women have been body-shamed by their schools' dress codes for everything from wearing leggings to not wearing a bra to showing off too much shoulder (how scandalous!).But one school in Illinois is finally getting it right.Evanston Township High School's goal in updating its student dress code is for pupils to dress comfortably without having to worry about being body-shamed or unfairly disciplined. It "supports equitable educational access and is written in a manner that does not reinforce stereotypes and that does not reinforce or increase marginalization or oppression of any group based on race, sex, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, ethnicity, religion, cultural observance, household income or body type/size."Yes. To. That.The dress code's basic principle is that "genitals, buttocks, breasts, and nipples are fully covered with opaque fabric." To eliminate misunderstandings about what the school means by "breast and nipples," the site clearly states, "cleavage should not have coverage requirements."Leggings, spaghetti-strap tank tops, halter tops, hats, and hoodies all are allowed, while clothing or accessories that include the following are the only pieces banned:Marjie Erickson, a recent graduate of Evanston Township High School, recently posted to Facebook this week about the new dress code."This is a revolutionary act of reclaiming our bodies as ours instead of a ‘distraction’ or something to be ashamed of," Erickson wrote in her post. "This is our protection against being penalized for someone else's perception of our bodies, and what is appropriate and respectable. … The new dress code is inclusive, progressive, and the standard every school should be held to."Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Because classic ≠ boring.There is nothing quite as, well, everywhere as denim: Kids wear it, rockers wear it, moms wear it, dads wear it (and often model how not to wear it). It's a fashion staple for a reason, but wearing the same ol’ blues day in and day out can get a little zzzz. Fortunately, this fall espesh, you can find pretty much anything in an indigo wash (funky jumpsuits, anyone?), so you def aren't tied to your standard skinnies. Here, 10 ways to wear denim that are unique and totally you. A denim jacket is anything but predictable in a sweet baby pink. Pair the flirty outer layer with patched jeans and a cropped tee that's straight fire.Pink Oversized Denim Jacket, $76, Miss Selfridge; Jax Satin Backpack, Steve Madden, $68, Macy's; Kandi Tailored Mule, Steve Madden, $79, Macy's; Embroidered Cuffed Jeans, Jessica Simpson, $80, Macy's; Cropped Graphic Print Cotton T-Shirt, Denim & Supply Ralph Lauren, $40, Macy'sEmbroidered bottoms are ~everything~ this season. Wear yours with hot-right-now metallic mules, a shoulder-baring top, and a statement necklace that’ll have all eyes on you. Off-The-Shoulder Gauze Top, Denim & Supply Ralph Lauren, $90, Macy's; Rapunzel Statement Necklace, $52, BaubleBar; Embroidered Ripped Jeans, Vanilla Star, $49, Macy's; Kandi Tailored Mule, Steve Madden, $79, Macy's; Jax Satin Backpack, Steve Madden, $68, Macy'sLazy brunch with the squad? Go for an oversized sweatshirt dress to stay *comfy* and a color-blocked messenger bag. It's big enough for carrying all the essentials and has room for a super-cool camera for making those #memories. Satin Baseball Hat, $20, Express; Sweatshirt Dress, Material Girl, $43, Macy's; Cooper Medium Messenger Bag, Michael Michael Kors, $117, Macy's; Softey Pool Slide, Steve Madden, $49, Macy's; Snap Instant Digital Camera, Polaroid, $100, Macy'sFor a ready-in-two date-night look, skip the simple skinnies and opt for an embellished pair. Top it off a shirt that's flirty but not OTT, and watch your date’s jaw drop all the way to the floor. Plunge Lace Peplum Top, $100, Topshop; Cropped Denim Jeans With Eyelets, $50, ZARA; Slinky Flatform, Steve Madden, $69, Macy's; Wylie Small Messenger, Steve Madden, $68, Macy's; Squash Blossom Necklace, $69, Lucky BrandLive in moto boots all fall? Um, who doesn't. Try swapping your boring black regulars for a playful denim duo. Even though they’re colorful, denim works like a neutral—so you can rock ‘em anytime, anywhere. Moto Jacket, American Rag, $90, Macy's; Shane Carryall Large Tote, GUESS, $98, Macy's; Betsey Johnson Twiggy Ankle Boots, $89, Betsey Johnson; Bow Gown, $100, MangoWe love a good jeans-and-t-shirt combo as much as the next girl, but sometimes, you gotta mix it up, right? Trade out your go-to jeans for a lace-up option, and pair ‘em with a crisp, collared shirt for a look that’s cool and casual. Because, duh.Embroidered Moto Jacket, XOXO, $109, Macy's; Straight Jeans with Eyelets, $50, ZARA; Jordan Studded Mule, Steve Madden, $89, Macy's; Short Sleeve Poplin Shirt, $35, TopshopDenim used to be a definite no for formal events—but, thank gawd, no longer! Go for a mini dress with frayed, heeled denim sandals, glam jewelry, and a jewel-toned bag to prove that denim is always a yes. Ruffle-Sleeve Shift Dress, Planet Gold, $39, Macy's; Britta Society Small Satchel, GUESS, $98, Macy's; Gold-Tone Beaded Drop Earrings, INC International Concepts, $30, Macy's; Carrson Sandal in Denim, $90, Steve MaddenCute minis will never, ever go out of style. Ever. For an on-trend take, opt for a light wash with flirty ruffles. A deep-toned shirt, jacket and bag bring pale denim into fall.Bell-Sleeve Plaid Shirt, Polly & Esther, $34, Macy's; Bomber Jacket, Hippie Rose, $49, Macy's; Ruffle Denim Skirt, $60, Mango; Bobbi Inside-Out Reversible Nylon Extra-Large Tote, GUESS, $98, Macy's; Drop of Jupiter Metallic Bootie, $80, Nasty GalNot only is this cropped cutout one-piece super unique, but the straight-off-the-runway (not to mention f-l-a-t-t-e-r-i-n-g) style and bow detail make it a total standout. Cheery accessories bring the fun. MOTO Bow Front Denim Jumpsuit, $80, Topshop; Katiana Girlfriend Satchel, GUESS, $128, Macy's; 14K Gold Tone Beaded Tassel Hoop Drop Earring, RACHEL Rachel Roy, $42, Macy's; Silky Pool Slide, Steve Madden, $39, Macy'sMake your bottom half the focal point of your outfit with high-waisted patchworked jeans in a fashion-forward (and majorly flattering) straight-leg cut. Reach for heels for legs that look approximately one million miles long. Whoah. Ruffle-Sleeve Top, SHIFT, $49, Macy's; Mid blue reworked patchwork boyfriend jeans, $50, River Island; Halo Peep-Toe Block-Heel Booties, Madden Girl, $59, Macy's; Shane Carryall Large Tote, GUESS, $98, Macy's		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Five outfits in three days. Impressive. Selena Gomez had a very eventful Labor Day weeknd weekend– unlike the rest of us, who sat on our couches refreshing Instagram for three days straight. She and the Weeknd took a trip to NYC, where they ate ice cream, shopped, and played with really cute puppies.  Sel took the Big Apple in style, rocking a grand total of five different outfits over the long weekend. Here's everything she wore. Selena's puppy shopping outfit consisted of a fluffy black sweater, navy blue kick flares and shiny black boots. Because she was probably living out of a carry-on, the "Fetish" singer rocked her Selena Grace Coach bag, which you can buy here, with chunky gold hoops pretty much all weekend. Look at her, rocking white from head to toe while carrying a tray full of stain-causing beverages without a care in the world. If that were me, those drinks would have been spilled on every piece of clothing by now. For nighttime, the singer updated her laid-back look with a slouchy sweater I want to take a nap in.  If it looks like Selena was in a hurry, it's because she and the Weeknd were headed to an ice cream shop – and apparently ice cream attire means all black. She wore a pin striped duster with culottes and black slides. Selena rocked another oversized T-shirt look, this time in black with black jeans and a leather jacket. Once again, she accessorized with her red bag and hoops. Well, looks like I've got my outfits planned for the next week. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			More butt, more crack.ASOS is now selling fake butt crack jeans and maybe we should all buy a pair? I mean, it's 2017 and who knows WTF is even happening anymore so why not? The more butts the better, I say!Anyway, here they are in all their glory:And a closer look because why not. ASOS bills them as "High Waisted Straight Leg Jeans with Open Back in Ashes Washed Black with Belt," but come on.The only question left is: Who's buying them for me?? For only $60, I can make the fashion statement of all fashion statements! What. A. Deal.From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Stripes and polka dots are cool and all, but if you really want to go back to school in style, it's time to wear your love of lunch on your sleeve back. A backpack's just an venti-sized lunch box, right? Ah, instant ramen. Everyone has a soft spot for this salty, vaguely chicken-y dish. Maybe it's because it's the first thing you learned how to make on your own. Maybe because it costs a quarter a pack. Whatever the reason, display your fave loud and proud.Ramen backpack, $40; BelovedShirts.comWhether it's smashed on toast, whipped into guac, or printed on a backpack, avocados don't disappoint. It's what every hipster kid will be rocking this fall. Trust.Avocado backpack, $69; Society6.comHomer said it best: "Mmm ... donuts." Donut backpack, $36-$70; Amazon.com and JanSport.comWhen you only have eyes for pepperoni pie, no other bag will do. (Look at that heart-shaped pep!)Luv Betsy Pizza Print backpack, $30; Amazon.comThis bag's big enough to fit a 16-inch laptop, your textbooks, and a whole pineapple. You know, if you're feeling fruity. Pineapple backpack, $45; TargetWith its drippy, street art-inspired design, this style is perfect for that kid who's all, "Ma, chill" when she wants to take the 497th first-day-of-school photo. At least you'll look too cool for school as Mom tells you to pose one. More. Time.Ice Cream Drip backpack, $40; BelovedShirts.comThis plush backpack could double as a pillow, especially if your first period history teacher drones like the prof from the Peanuts gang. iHasCupquake backpack, $40; Amazon.comPizza, Cheetos, fries — it's hard enough to choose a favorite, and with this backpack, you don't have to. Fast food backpack, $40; Dylan's Candy BarThe tomato, cheese, and buns all unzip to create separate pouches. Being organized has never been so delish.Stephen Universe Cheeseburger backpack, $35; Amazon.comPeople love pizza. People love Shark Week. People are going to lose their minds when they see you roaming the halls with this bag. Shark Eating Pizza backpack, $15; Amazon.comFrom: Delish US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			They're literally fire. When UGG reigned supreme in the early 2000s, the world was a different place. Kim Kardashian was Paris Hilton's humble assistant; Pluto was still a planet (demoted in 2006); and presidents didn't have Twitter accounts. Style-wise the era could be described as cute but vulgar—an aesthetic that fully embraced rhinestone butterfly navel rings, for example!Loved by both "What a Girl Wants" and "Dirrty" Christina Aguilera-type gals, one of the sartorial status symbols of the decade was, of course, the UGG boot. Despite its authentic surfer roots from the seventies, the shearling shoe was quickly catapulted into aughties iconography as a cozy, but 'basic' must-have. Fast forward almost 20 years and Jeremy Scott's capsule collaboration with UGG is here to shake that association.ELLE.com sat down with the designer to discuss his personal definition of the term 'basic,' how he leaned into irreverence for his work on the iconic boot, and the nostalgia factor in Kendall Jenner's style. My first memory was really Britney [Spears] and Kate Hudson wearing them to get Starbucks in Malibu—like me thinking 'what are the shoes that all these cute blonde girls are wearing?' Then learning more about it and finding it has the history from surf culture and that it came from a men’s surf boot.  I didn’t know about that and I became more interested in trying a pair on, and finally falling in love with them myself. Only three years ago. They’re really comfortable, like a hug for your foot. Especially living here in LA they keep your feet warm, but you can wear them with shorts in the winter with a sweater and you will just be fine. That’s purely what I did. I wanted to do something with flames and I thought it would be great to have something with that color, energy, and excitement. And of course the humor and irreverence of life. Keeping the classic, iconic boot but with this twist in the embroidery and old English font.I know that a lot of my friends and young people [are] very fascinated by that time period and they’re very nostalgic about it. Even Kendall [Jenner] was wearing things that Paris [Hilton] would’ve worn then. I remember talking to Paris about it and saying isn’t it funny that all the kids now are loving the things you wore. And she was like 'I know, I’ll never Ed Hardy again.' I think it’s cute that that's the cyclical nature of fashion. I think as humans we’re nostalgic creatures and that’s what we do. We go back to things that have a semblance of something [...] comforting, or enough time passes that it seems cool again, or maybe it's something that some people didn’t even experience. Kylie and Kendall weren’t old enough to experience [the 2000s] in that way. When you’re little and looking at those things it seems so exciting and glamorous to be able to embody it. Kendall wore a dress inspired by Paris for her 21st birthday. She wasn’t wearing a dress inspired by Kim [Kardashian] because Paris was more emblematic of that [age] growing up, even though Kim is more emblematic today.I think when people think of something as basic, they think that it’s boring. [But] I think of it as a utilitarian and classic thing because it has a great function of keeping you warm and being part of surf and beach culture. I’m going to rebuke the basic association or innuendo because I think it’s a classic. Even as exuberant as my style is and as over the top as I may be, I can appreciate a classic when it’s really well done.I think about my friends all the time when I’m designing. That’s always an arbiter. Would Katy wear this? Would Rihanna wear this? Would Sia wear it? Would Miley wear it? I was thinking about California and L.A. culture. I love the low-rider cars and that whole culture. There’s the Latino culture, there’s the hip-hop culture, it was the mix. I was thinking about the beach and the desert and this kind of hot sand and blazing hot sun.Completely, because I think it’s part of what dictates fashion globally. The red carpets in Hollywood dictate what people think is okay in Hong Kong and Timbuktu and Kansas City. We look at celebrities and stars as icons to give us permission. Even in the '30s if you think about Jean Harlow and the white silk gowns, maybe not everybody wore a silk bodice gown but it made it okay to wear a white dress. You can interpret it your own way, and that’s one of the roles that celebrities play in our society whether they realize it or not. It gives us permission. Madonna did that so I can do that too. And then you take it and make it your own.Make Jeremy Scott x UGG boots your own when the collection drops on September 13, 2017. The limited edition styles retail from $90 to $1,195 USD in retailers worldwide, including intermixonline.com.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Tell your wallet we said, "You're welcome."It's that time of year again! Labor Day sales are almost in full force, which means you're about to get bombarded with an overwhelming amount of emails, commercials, and advertisements. To make it easier on you, we've done the work of picking out the very best home, beauty, and fashion sales that are actually worth shopping, and we put them all in one place. We'll continue to update this post as more sales crop up, so don't forget to bookmark it.Get your first set of lingerie for $19.95, buy one get one 50% off select items, and up to 40% off additional select items.Take 30% off the sale section, including home decor. No promo code needed. Get 40% off everything! No promo code needed. Take an additional 20% off sale for savings of up to 80% off. Take up to 75% off select styles through Labor Day, no promo code needed. Take 30% off at our favorite celeb-owned business (hi, Reese Witherspoon!). Save on Southern-charm apparel, home, and accessories through September 5.Everything at GAP Factory is 50% off or more until September 5 with no promo code needed. At regular GAP, you can take up to 50% off everything, plus an additional 20% off your total purchase using code GETMORE. Take 20% off your purchase of $100, or 30% off any orders over $200, plus get free shipping with code 8413 through September 4.Get 30% off your entire purchase with code YESPLEASE. Valid until September 4.Enjoy an extra 30% off sale styles at Kate Spade until September 5 using code GOLDEN.Right now, you can shop LOFT's sale section at 50% off, plus 30% off full-priced styles. No promo code needed!Get 20% off regular-priced and sale items, plus 25% off clearance and select styles. Plus, their denim sale includes a BOGO 50% off for almost all denim, including premium brands. Use promo code LABORDAY until September 5.Get up to 20% off everything from home to apparel, plus free shipping when you spend $49 or more at Macy's using code LBDAY. Use the same promo code to save up to 70% on clearance.Get 50% off site-wide (excluding sale) using code AMERICANGIRL.Buy more, save more on everything regular price and sale by taking 20% off any order under $100, 25% off any order of $100+, or 30% off your purchase of $200+.Take up to 40% off everything, from designer clothes and shoes to luxury home items, through September 10.All tees, dresses, and jeans are 50% off. Select tops and pants start at just $12 during the Labor Day promo, and deals on other styles (like activewear) will continue to be announced through the weekend.In need of some new makeup brushes? Take 20% off Sigma purchases of $50 or more with code LABOR20, 25% off of orders or $100 or more with code LABOR25, or 30% off over $200 with code LABOR30.Save up to 30% sale items with code SUMMER30 through September 4.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: BestProducts		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She reportedly didn’t even audition...Right now, Gigi, Bella Hadid, and even Karlie Kloss are set to return to this fall’s Victoria’s Secret Fashion Show. But Kendall Jenner, who has walked the show for the last two years, will not be boarding that plane to Shanghai in November. A Kardashian source tells TMZ that Jenner didn’t even audition for the show by her own choice. It was an easy call to make, as Jenner has locked down a major "multi-million dollar deal" to be the face of La Perla lingerie, a Victoria’s Secret competitor. A non-compete clause is reportedly part of the contract so wearing her angel wings again just isn’t an option.Jenner is already serving up La Perla looks on her Instagram though. She posted shots of her latest campaign for the brand earlier this week: 🍒🍒🍒 @laperlalingerieA post shared by  Kendall (@kendalljenner) on Aug 24, 2017 at 12:37pm PDT write to me 🌹 @laperlalingerie #LaPerla_AmbassadorA post shared by  Kendall (@kendalljenner) on Aug 29, 2017 at 12:19pm PDTFollow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			This is what nude *actually* means. Extending their revolutionary Aerie Real campaign, American Eagle is making another epic stride towards inclusivity. Yesterday, they released the REAL ME collection of nude undies and bras. Each piece comes in a ton of different shades – some up to eight, depending on the style – so you can get the seamless look you want, no matter your skin tone.Per usual, their campaign images feature photos with zero retouching – just women in their natural form.  Aerie's Global Brand President Jennifer Foyle commented on why this campaign is so important to the brand. "We are so excited about the Real Me Collection because it goes beyond color — not only are we offering a beautiful palette that includes a wide range of nudes, but the amazing second-skin soft fabric of these bras lets you feel like your REAL self," she said in an email to Seventeen.com. Shop the collection here. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She says she's being unfairly held to a higher standard because her dad is the superintendent.Monday was Pajama Day at Carl Albert High School in Midwest City, Oklahoma, so high school senior Duncan Cobb wore an outfit to school that she often wears to bed: a men's XXXL t-shirt and a pair of pajama shorts. A teacher told her that her "butt was hanging out," and then she was called into the principal's office, where she was told to either pull down her shorts or change clothes. She was told that her behavior was "under a microscope" because her dad is the superintendent of the school district."I heard the school had a strict dress code and I was going to be tolerant of it so I wouldn't get any flack. But there was literally no way my outfit was breaking dress code," she told babe. Her school's dress code requires shorts to be fingertip-length, which they are. "My outfit wasn't breaking the rules, it wasn't inappropriate, it wasn't disruptive to anyone," Duncan explained to babe. Rather than stewing over the issue alone, she created a petition to revise the school's dress code. To make matters tougher, this was Duncan's eighth day ever at her new school. While her new classmates have complained about the dress code in the past, not all of them think Duncan has the right to speak up about the issue so soon. "They're saying I don't have the right to say anything because I haven't been here as long as anyone else, that because I'm new I need to 'earn my place'," Duncan said. "One girl wants me kicked out of the Leadership Program — she thinks I'm not a good enough leader because I'm not following the rules."The principal allegedly told Duncan the policy can't be changed for this year, but the dress code "might be reconsidered next year."Duncan wrote a song about the situation, and it's kinda the coolest thing you'll listen to all day. I wrote this song and @grumpykat42 put it to music to help me get my message about dresscode out there. Pls help me make it go viral!!! pic.twitter.com/xa7Hbx7EX4Hannah Orenstein is the Assistant Features Editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Twitter and Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Alas, there's a catch.Lisa Frank released a special pajama collection with Target to great acclaim earlier this summer, so it makes sense that the rainbow and sparkles brand decided to team up with someone else again. That someone is Reebok, and the result? Classic sneakers with a '90s rainbow animal and sequin-filled twist:These shoes are... almost too beautiful for words. But alas, this isn't a full collaboration; Lisa Frank teamed up with Reebok for just two (two!) pairs of sneakers, one adult-sized......and one child-sized:...as part of a giveaway for two extremely, extremely lucky fans. If you're wondering "How do I get in on this?", Reebok's official blog has you covered: tweet your favorite nostalgic back-to-school style trend to both @ReebokClassics and @LisaFrank.As for why the elusive designer has decided to bring her beloved rainbow animal party out for this limited time engagement? As she puts it, "I’ve always been a sneaker girl and I’m forever on the lookout for fun new styles," adding that she used to paint her own sneakers.It doesn't seem that she's got plans for other Lisa Frank shoes in the future, but she knows there's a demand for her signature style: "Rainbow colors and fantasy characters never go out of style ... 90’s kids have such fond memories of their childhood and want to share their joy and excitement with their friends, families and coworkers." Word.From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The brand confirmed the exact city this yesterday.Victoria's Secret has announced its 2017 fashion show will indeed be in Shanghai, China this November, confirming WWD's report of the location in March. This is the first time the show will be in Asia. It has previously been in Paris, Cannes, London, New York City, Los Angeles, and Miami.Models are currently being cast: Right now, the 14 official Victoria's Secret Angels plus Gigi Hadid and Bella Hadid are among the many walking. Per Victoria's Secret Instagram this morning, the show will air November 28th at 10 p.m. on CBS. Mark your calendars and get ready!Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			A+ outfit = A+ homeworkIt's that time of year again! Nope, not back to school – The Edit by Seventeen is launching their fall collection, which means you now have cool-weather style on lock. Here are five of the best looks from the line, styled by some of Seventeen's most stylish editors. "I love anything star printed and thankfully both the jacket and dress in this look go together without looking too over the top. For accessories, I’m sticking with a rockstar vibe with slides and a backpack that have leather and embellished details." – Aeyung Kim, Fashion EditorClockwise: Seth Stud Bucket Bag, $52, Topshop; The Edit by Seventeen Printed Bell-Sleeve Dress, $59, Macy's; Hero Embellished Sliders, $48, Topshop; The Edit by Seventeen Oversized Denim Jacket, $69, Macy's; Signature Chain Link Earrings, $48, Shopbop“I love mixing patterns, like polka dots with stars, in the same color.” – Nicole Fineo, Accessories EditorClockwise: Bazar XS Striped Textured-Leather Tote, $1,395, Net-a-Porter; The Edit by Seventeen Star-Print Sheer Blouse, $39, Macy's; Flat Slides, $550, Shopbop; The Edit by Seventeen Lace-Up Skinny Jeans, $69, Macy's “One trend that I’m always obsessing over is athleisure!  This sporty tee and track pant are the perfect, comfy pairing. If you’re afraid it’s too casual, glam it up with a cool heel, statement bag and sunglasses!” – Shalaeya Brown, Associate Fashion EditorClockwise: The Edit by Seventeen Colorblocked T-Shirt, $29, Macy's; Thunder Minimal Sandals, $64, ASOS; Side-Striped Palazzo Track Pants, $59, Macy's; Adidas Washed Canvas Dad Hat, $24, PacSun; Carrey Browbar Sunglasses, $35, Topshop"I usually stray away from color so I love finding pieces that have trendy details like a lace-up neckline or a bell sleeve to keep my outfits looking interesting!" – Rachel Bogo, Accessories AssistantClockwise: Mattie Greek Fisherman Cap, $202, Revolve; Studded Hoop Earrings, $150, Bloomingdales; Buckle Oxfords, $430, Shopbop; Leather And Metallic Pinched Top Clutch Bag, $28, ASOS; The Edit by Seventeen Star-Printed Lace-Up Chiffon Dress, $59, Macy's “I love the stars on these jeans, it adds a fun aspect to your basic denim. Stars are very trendy right now, so why not indulge on a few fun statement pieces!  A night out with your girls in this look, you’ll be sure to turn heads!” – Tira Urquhart, Fashion Market AssistantClockwise: Bristol Cat-Eye Sunglasses, $161, If Chic; The Edit by Seventeen One-Shoulder Ribbed Top, $39, Macy's; Monogram Love Blogger Leather Crossbody, $550, Gilt; Suede Candy Love Platforms, $603, Forward; The Edit by Seventeen Lace-Up Skinny Jeans, $69, Macy's; Large Star Constellation Earrings, $225, Sehti Na Jewelry 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Though Kylie has serious doubts about their friendship if they weren't related.The Jenner sisters may have one fashion line together (and for Kylie Jenner, a second separate one where lingerie is sold in her Kylie Shop), but despite the approximately one zillion clothes around them, the two still do the peak sisterly thing and share undies...at least in desperate times. In a preview for The Life of Kylie (via The Daily Mail and The Sun), Kylie explains that the two share literally everything in each other's closets. "I let her borrow whatever she wants," Kylie says. "She always comes through and is like, 'I need an outfit please,' and I'll let her borrow whatever. And then I go over there, and I'm like, 'Kendall, I need a pair of sweats to go home.' And she'll give me the most uncomfortable old underwear, the worst sweats you've ever seen and anything that's so bad and old and small. And I'm like, 'You're so mean.'"They're a bit of an unlikely duo brought together by blood, Kylie adds. "Kendall and I, I don't think we'd be friends if we weren't sisters."Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			And lots of snakes are involved.Taylor Swift premiered the video for her song “Look What You Made Me Do” during Sunday night’s VMAs, and now you can buy stuff from the video, just in time for your "zombie Taylor" or "snake Taylor" Halloween costume. You can't bid on the literal rings she wore on her fingers, but you can buy replicas from some of the scenes in her video directly from her website. For one, you can buy a crop top or T-shirt version of the “I Heart T.S.” shirts her backup dancers wore, a direct reference to the tank top Tom Hiddleston wore when he was dating Taylor. Both go for $50 each. Also, you can buy $60 replicas of the snake rings Taylor wore in the video, in either silver or gold. This one’s a little bit more of a stretch, but you can get a sweatshirt version of the “Rep” outfit Taylor wears in the video, in the same font. That goes for $65.Most of these items are actually available for preorder, for shipping estimated in mid-September. Same goes for other Reputation album merchandise, like sweatshirts and hats, and shirts that match her upcoming album cover, or feature even more snakes. And buying the merch gets you a boost in the line to buy tickets for her upcoming tour, so if you’re a superfan, the price might be worth it. (Plus, those snake rings are honestly pretty cool.)Follow Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Nicki Minaj's look, though. 👀Skin was in at the 2017 MTV VMAs.In a sheer Zuhair Murad jumpsuit.In a metallic, asymmetrical gown and pants combo.In a black, beaded dress.In a sheer, white gown.In a latex two-piece.In a see-through, beaded jumpsuit.In a sheer mini.In a sheer-skirted gown.In a mesh-paneled mini with lace-up boots.In a naked dress with geometric bead work.In a sheer, embroidered piece.In a black bodysuit with a mesh overlay.In an embroidered gown with a keyhole cutout.In a see-through, floral-patterned jumpsuit.In coordinating latex outfits.In a sparkly black dress.In an asymmetrical two-piece.In black censor bars.In a see-through bronze mini.In a see-through lace gown.In a metallic embroidered gown.In a mesh T-shirt dress.From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Classic Katy. As host of the 2017 MTV VMAs, it's literally Katy Perry's job to be the star of the show. So naturally, she showed up in a one-shoulder gown with an asymmetrical cleavage window. The pristine white shade of this Stéphane Rolland dress is gorgeous/terrifying. I move that Katy be quarantined until the end of the night, when she will no longer be in danger of spilling on herself. Good luck, friend. And may God be with your dress. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Is she the comfiest one there? Prob.Paris Jackson is the epitome of cool. Rather than wearing a traditional dress or a fun top/skirt or shirt/pants combo to the 2017 MTV Video Music Awards, she layered an embroidered sheer naked dress over a stretchy bra and a pair of boxers, all by Dior. She also wore a delicate gold necklace, strappy nude sandals, and dramatic beaded earrings. Her tattoos complimented the embroidery and peeked out from the sheer tulle. This is the kind of the look that if you tried it on in a dressing room for prom, your mom would furrow her brow and be like, "Huh? No, honey, put the dress on over the lining." That's okay — it's not for everybody. But Paris is killing it tonight. So cool! (Probably) so comfy! So interesting! There's a reason she's a red carpet icon. Hannah Orenstein is the Assistant Features Editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Twitter and Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			That sheer white dress!Your girl Gigi Gorgeous is at the 2017 MTV Video Music Awards looking like an actual Victoria's Secret Angel in a tight white gown featuring a bra-style top adorned wth floral appliqués. The dress is by the designer August Getty and features a cool ring detail at the neckline. Of course, Gigi is dating Nats Getty, who happens to be August's sister. The couple posted this super cute selfie on the way to the VMAs, including literally everything a person could want in one picture: romance, couture, and Starbucks.  we meet in the middle 💋A post shared by  GIGI GORGEOUS GETTY 👸🏼 (@gigigorgeous) on Aug 27, 2017 at 2:40pm PDTHannah Orenstein is the Assistant Features Editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Twitter and Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Free the nips, girl. The era of naked dresses/tops/pants/shoes is not yet over, friends. Don't believe me? Ask Demi Lovato's nipples, which took the MTV VMAs red carpet by storm.Her look was so insanely hot that all those who laid eyes on it instantly burst into flames. So, now we know how spontaneous combustion happens! ~Science.~Demi paired the totally sheer lace top with sequin harem pants that may or may not have been stolen from the Aladdin the Musical costume closet. If you're able to tear your eyes away from the nakedness, homegirl's makeup was liiiit. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Three words: pastel purple feathers.Lorde could potentially be the star of the 2017 MTV Video Music Awards tonight: she's slated to perform, she's nominated for best artist of the year, and her single "Green Light" is up for best editing. She came ready to slay in a lavender ball gown with a dreamy feathered skirt from Monique Lhuillier's spring 2018 collection. I imagine that this gown was fought over fiercely in a wrestling match between Lorde's stylist Karla Welch, a fairytale princess, and an actual prom queen getting ready to win a tiara next spring. I mean, it's that stunning. Lorde balanced out the high-glamour dress with a simply half-up hairstyle held together with a black velvet ribbon and a sweep of pale pink eyeshadow. When Lorde is done with this dress, she should pull a Gina Rodriguez and give it to a girl who needs a show-stopping number to wear to prom. Hannah Orenstein is the Assistant Features Editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Twitter and Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She was photographed leaving the lingerie giant's headquarters.Bella Hadid has finally confirmed that she will walk the Victoria's Secret runway once more. The model shared the news via Instagram, after being spotted at the lingerie giant's headquarters. The 20-year-old captioned the image: "I feel so crazy humbled to get the opportunity to be a part of this show again...Walking into the offices this year I felt so happy, healthy, and honored.. I can't wait for another incredible experience!!! Congrats to all of the beautiful ladies I will be walking beside. I can't wait!"Sister Gigi Hadid, and bestie Kendall Jenner, have yet to confirm whether or not they will be joining Bella on the Victoria's Secret catwalk this season. Plus, rumors that Hailey Baldwin will make her debut at the show this season continue to circle.From: Harper's BAZAAR UK		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			So, like every day. If stalking Selena Gomez has taught me anything, it's that sweatpants are appropriate for literally all of life's occasions. So here are the cutest lazy girl outfits for all those times when real pants are just not going to happen.  Clockwise: Polka Dot Crew Neck Sweatshirt, $41, PacSun; Sparkling Glitter Water Bottle, $24, Pink Lily; The Brooke Knit Sneakers Neon Pink, $32, Pink Lily; All Eyes On Me Tights (Similar), $30, Puma; Urbanears Plattan 2 Headphones, $49, American EagleClockwise: Warm-Up Pants, $30, American Eagle; Yellow Silicone Queen Crown iPhone 6 Case, $17, Missguided; Stripe Double Bow Sliders (Similar), $51, ASOS; Rawr Cross Body Bag, $32, Skinny Dip; Trefoil Logo-Print Sports Bra, $16, Lord & TaylorClockwise: Girls Girls Girls Sweatshirt, $68, Valfre; Lips Clutch, $21, JCPenney; Double Pom-Pom Sneakers (Similar), $11, GoJane; Contrast Front Mom Jeans, $51, Missguided; Black Embroidered iPhone 6 and 6S CASE, $34, Lulu's; Prismatic Shield Sunnies, $20, Free PeopleClockwise: Conquer My Fears Athletic Capris, $29, Pink Lily; Suede Classic Sneaker, $65, Puma; Belle Striped Graphic Crop Top, $7, Macy's; Rose Cross Body Bag, $30, Cotton On; Squad Goal Sleeveless Hooded Sweatshirt, $11, GoJaneClockwise: Chambray Bomber Jacket (Similar), $15, Charlotte Russe; Eye Heart You Dress, $68, Valfre; Sleek Sneaker, $50, Chinese Laundry; Small Talk Vegan Leather Backpack, $30, Nasty GalClockwise: Mermaid Bomber Jacket, $98, Valfre; Boho Racerback Bralette, $16, American Eagle; V-Neck Tee, $15, Cotton On; Vintage Floral Authentic Sneakers, $60, Vans; Aura Gradient Knox Pants, $108, WildfoxClockwise: Tiger White Muscle Tee, $61, Lulu's; Black Pearl Drop Cross Body Bag, $34, Missguided; Beauty and the Beast Belle Roses Jogger Pants, $24, Hot Topic; Nerd Embroidered Black Slip On Shoes, $40, Hot TopicFollow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Her outfits say a lot. "Look What You Made Me Do" is finally here and it's packed with plenty of sassy undertones. Along with the internet-breaking new song, Taylor Swift also released a few more promo images and just like on her Reputation cover, the outfits are full of hidden meaning. In one photo, Tay is dressed in combat-ready camo, accessorizing with chains, once again. The singer revived her iconic curls, but with a "no f*cks given" edge, while her ~red lip classic thing~ look took a dark turn – basically suggesting that the Taylor Swift you used to know has gone through a major change. In the second image, Taylor wears a Yeezy-inspired sweater and over-the-knee boots. For reference, here's what an *actual* Yeezy model wore in Kanye Wests' Season 4 show:So what can we conclude from all of this? Taylor is ready to throw down. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Comfy clothes FTW.The most stressful part of a date – you know, apart from worrying that the rando you met on Tinder is actually a serial killer – is figuring out what to wear. But now, thanks to Selena Gomez, you officially have a reason to rock sweatpants. On Sunday, Sel and her main the Weekend spent the evening munching churros and riding roller coasters at Disneyland (take notes, people). Instead of getting dressed to the nines, Selena opted for the coziest sweats you've ever seen, a pair of sleek sneakers, and barely-there makeup. So, basically she just rolled out of bed and walked out the door.Because he's a supportive bae, the Weeknd wore sweats too. Honestly, it's a pretty good idea, because once the date is over, you're already in prime cuddle attire. Smart. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Are her nipples literally made of steel?The thought of metal anywhere near your nipples is probably a very painful thought, but apparently Cara Delevingne isn't bothered one bit, since she went braless in a chainmail Gucci onesie while modeling the Chaos iPhone case slung around her neck. For the caption, she borrowed her Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets co-star Rihanna's lyric "Shine bright like a diamond" and twisted it around into something a little cheekier: "Shine bright like a nipple." Okay! This isn't the first time she put her nips in jeopardy with a metal fashion statement this summer. She attended the Hollywood premiere of Valerian in this metal dress by Dutch designer Iris van Herpen.Although technically, that dress had a thin nude mesh lining to protect her from the curved metal. Cara's a brave one. Hannah Orenstein is the Assistant Features Editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Twitter and Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The chains are about to come off. From what we've pieced together so far based on the shady clues Taylor Swift has been dropping this week, it seems like her new album Reputation is going to be a freaking bombshell. The ~~edgy~~ new cover art is dripping in hidden meaning, from the Life of Pablo-inspired graphics to the Trump-like focus on the media – all suggesting that Tay's about to tell her side of the story. And fans think they've uncovered a hidden message in Taylor's outfit that backs up that theory. Those on Team Tay are theorizing that the chain choker around her neck symbolizes how she felt after the #TaylorSwiftIsOverParty, last year and now, the metaphorical chains will come off as she spills what hopefully will be some scalding tea. Taylor swift is wearing a chain choker on the album cover. I repeat TAYLOR SWIFT IS WEARING A CHAIN AROUND HER NECKLISTEN..... IS THE CHAIN CHOKED SYMBOLIC OR AM I REACHING??? LIKE IT LOOKS LIKE ACTUAL CHAIN @taylorswift13 pic.twitter.com/7KQLLpHD7FHave you guys noticed the chain-like necklace? It's choking her. #taylorswift #reputation pic.twitter.com/XhTRVsYYZVThat chain around her neck, though. The symbolism is on point. ✔️💯 #Reputation #TaylorSwift @taylorswift13The chain so tight probably means she bit her tongue too many times in the past and now is ready to say everything she wants #TaylorSwift pic.twitter.com/Y8AF1Y28vIGuess we'll have to wait for tonight to find out. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Your complete guide to the new angels. Your guide to the models confirmed for this year's lingerie extravaganza.NewcomerNewcomerNewcomerNewcomerNewcomerNewcomerNewcomerNewcomerNewcomerNewcomerNewcomerNewcomerFrom: Harper's BAZAAR US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's "your majesty" to you...Sometimes I feel like my everyday accessories don't actually represent the real me, the full me with a side of extra and a sprinkling of drama.Take my office chair for example. It's gray and black with a scratchy (well-worn) foam seat that doesn't tell you anything about me. It's not until you see my blue fluffy pen that you realize the kind of businesswoman you're dealing with.But thanks to Lit Headphones (that name though...) at least one of my everyday accessories can represent who I truly am inside.No longer will I have to settle on bland in-ear headphones because now I have a headphone crown that is fit for an actual queen. Lit's Crown Headphones are available in six different colors, and TBH, I want every single pair. The only problem is I'm gonna need a queen's salary to afford them.BUY NOW White Queen Headphones, Lit Headphones, $299.99BUY NOW Black Queen Headphones, Lit Headphones, $299.99BUY NOW Red Reign Headphones, Lit Headphones, $299.99BUY NOW Winter Green Headphones, Lit Headphones, $299.99BUY NOW Royal Blue Headphones, Lit Headphones, $299.99BUY NOW Winter Palace Headphones, Lit Headphones, $299.99And don't worry, if you manage to get a queen's salary, Lit Headphones does offer international shipping.Good day, peasants.From: Cosmopolitan UK		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She said people would "assume bad things" about her if she went braless.Remy Altuna, a student at Beaumont High School in California, got called out by an assistant vice principal for wearing a bodysuit without a bra underneath to school — even though the dress code doesn't regulate undergarments. After Remy's tweet started circulating online, she told Yahoo! Style more about the incident. "She said that my shirt was low cut; then she asked if I was wearing a bra," Remy recalled. "She went on to say that because I wasn’t wearing a bra, she didn’t want people to think anything bad of me or talk inappropriately or have anything bad to say."Remy was asked to cover up with a jacket. The BHS dress code doesn't include anything about bras, but it does ban "low cut or revealing" tops. Remy maintains that her outfit was not inappropriate. A male student at BHS chimed in on Twitter to comment that he's also gone commando to school — and nobody called him out for it. Dozens of men responded to Remy's tweet to unhelpfully explain that guys "can't help" but stare at braless girls — and no, I won't make those creeps feel special by linking out to them here. But girls can make their own decisions about what kinds of undergarments to wear (if any), and it's unfair to make girls dress a certain way to accommodate guys' horniness as opposed to teaching guys to control their gaze. In response to the incident, Christina Pierce, the school's principal, sent a statement to Yahoo! Style. Hannah Orenstein is the Assistant Features Editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Twitter and Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			And you can buy one, too.Selena Gomez made a subtle statement with her outfit this weekend by wearing a necklace that also supports a good cause.An obvious reference to the preamble of the U.S. Constitution, her Slow Factory choker read, "We the People." In the wake of the events in Charlottesville this month, the message, however small it seems in necklace-form, is loud and clear: banding together is better than tearing apart with bigoted ideologies. The choice to wear the piece also showed support for the ACLU, as 10 percent of proceeds from the $75 necklace are donated to the organization."I made the necklace shortly after [President Trump's travel ban] was announced, as my immigration lawyer advised me not to travel," Celine Semaan, the designer of the jewelry, and a Lebanese immigrant, told Glamour.com. Since Gomez was seen in the accessory, Semaan says, "It [has been] crazy — we got lots of orders, which means lots of donations to the ACLU. ... When we cast a wider net, we really impact more people and create a positive change."Want to spread the word? Shop the necklace below.BUY NOW We the People Necklace, SLOW FACTORY, $75Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Woah.As many of you know, Kylie Jenner wore this dress to the Met Gala on May 1, 2017:It was a super-naked Atelier Versace gown with a shit-ton of fringe and floral appliqués. But in new teaser for her show Life of Kylie, it is revealed that she could have worn a very different dress. Can you even handle it?!The alternative gown was also nude, but instead of a romantic, beaded overlay, it featured a skintight bodysuit layered beneath a bondage-y cage skirt. Versace's rep dubs it the "Mermaid Cage Dress" in the trailer and reveals that it took 350 hours to make. "It's very sexy," everyone concedes, but Kylie seems unsure of the choice and tries on the gown she eventually wore to the event. "This is cool," she says but adds that she wants the bodice so tight that she will "kind of suffocate."Thankfully the team behind the gown didn't take that to heart and she was able to breathe at the party. Life of Kylie airs Sundays at 9 p.m. ET on E!.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			These are... interesting.Kylie Jenner is releasing another collection of #merch on her online store, The Kylie Shop, as one does, but this time, things are a little... headless?A new bunch of tees, which she teased on Instagram on Monday, come in bright yellow, pink, and blue, and feature Kylie's body in a matching bikini but cut her off at her neck. See it for yourself:The overall vibe seems to be like those decapitated, bikini-wearing cartoon cover-ups that you can buy in spring break towns. According to Kylie's post, these and more new things are available on her site come Aug. 24. But if you can't wait that long, you could just buy one of the original spring break shirts here:Party on, people!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Another day, another hawt swimsuit pic...Kylie Jenner posted a bikini pic on Instagram on Saturday and like most of her swimwear snaps, it was steamy as hell.This time, that was because of a well-placed keyhole cutout that was a literal window to her cleave. The suit itself had McDonald's vibes going on with its contrasting red and yellow colorblocking. Anyone else feeling a McDouble RN?Her BFF Jordyn Woods was along for this particular swim shoot and wore a matching style because that's what best friends do, OK?Kylie is pretty much always in a swimsuit of some kind on social media. Girl can WERK.Anyway, I'm thinking about getting fries with my McDouble. HBU?Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Rose gold Minnie Mouse ears are so early August 2017.Just 10 days after the Earth shattered and news broke  rose gold Minnie Mouse ears existed and were finally available for purchase, we’ve been struck with another bit of magical news:  unicorn rainbow Minnie Mouse ears also exist and holy crap are they cute.Though these ears aren’t available through  official Disney channels, they’re being sold by  LizzyZBowtique, a glorious genius with a sparkly AF custom Minnie ears  Etsy shop. She’s created many a majestic version over the past few months, including  Unicorn Rainbow Large Bow Headbands,  Unicorn Rainbow Sequin Minnie Ears, and  Unicorn Horn Rainbow Sequin Minnie Ears, all of which are less than $50.If that strikes you as a lot, I ask you this: Can you really put a price on the perfect millennial wet dream Instagram? The answer is no. Pictures of the ears in all their beauty below.Follow Tess on Twitter.From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			GET IN MY CLOSET.First day shopping officially starts now. Check out these adorable outfits and get ready to slay the halls. Clockwise: Pink Ruffle Sleece Gingham Crop Top, $38, Missguided; Oslo Sunglasses (Similar), $11, Sunglasses Warehouse; Pom Pom Heart Keychain, $13, American Eagle; Mini Embellished Backpack, $28, ASOS; Blue Contrast Wrap Around Frayed Denim Skirt, $48, Missguided; Keds x Kate Spade New York Champion, $60, KedsClockwise: Give 'Em Lip Sequin Tee, $36, Nasty Gal; Stud Muffin Sunnies, $30, Free People; Tiara Headphones, $60, Skinny Dip; Hi-Rise Slim Jean, $50, American Eagle; Pool Party Phone Case, $40, LuMee; Hop To It Shiny Snakeskin Slide Sneakers, $21, GoJane; Palm Backpack, $60, Skinny DipClockwise: White Striped Trim V Neck Short Sleeve T-shirt (Similar), $13, Make Me Chic; Mini Skater Sundress In Fruit Print, $40, ASOS; Love Wins Tote Bag, $20, Society6; Winnie Blue and White Knotted Slide Sandals, $29, Lulu's Clockwise: Yellow Frilled Sleeve Top (Similar), $48, Missguided; Decree Statement Necklace, $9, JCPenney; Suzette Knee Slit Jeans, $44, Francesca's; Tiger Patch Velvet Slip On Sneakers, $20,T.J. Maxx; Lemonade Laptop Sleeve, $36, Society6Clockwise: Chaser Saturday Washed Red Backless Sweatshirt, $79, Lulu's; Statement Ball Choker Necklace, $19, ASOS; Lace Up Mini Skirt in Stripe, $48, ASOS; Solar Flats, $69, Betsey Johnson; Gold Liquid Glitter Notebook, $24, Skinny DipClockwise: Raw-Cut Denim Jacket (Similar), $48, Forever 21; Moon River Dottie Red Floral Print Dress, $79, Lulu's; Best of the West Studded Boot, $80, Nasty Gal; Girls Gingham Rucksack, $28, Boohoo; Cherry Liquid Key Charm, $13, Skinny DipClockwise: Graphic Tee, $15, Cotton On; Pistola Abbi Medium Wash Distressed Jeans, $88, Lulu's; Lovestrength Dancing Stars Silver Chain Belt, $53, Lulu's; Keds x Malhia Kent Champion Murphy, $60, Keds; Monster Backpack, $24, JCPenneyFollow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Crop tops all round.The MTV Video Music Awards are infamous for a number of reasons. There's the stage antics, for example, Miley twerking, Kanye crashing Taylor's speech, and the Britney-Madonna-Xtina makeout sesh. Then there's the fashion: Lil Kim's one-sleeved jumpsuit with a seashell nipple pasty in 1999 springs to mind.As the VMAs approach, we revisit what some of the biggest stars in the world wore to their first MTV awards, and then mentally compare it with what we just know they're going to look like this year.The VMAs take place on Sunday, August 27th 8 p.m. ET.An adorably fresh-faced Riri was just 17 here, SEVENTEEN, and sailing on the success of Pon De Replay and attending the VMAs.We have so much 2000 going on here: The hoops, crop top, belly chain, and low-slung white jeans. Classic.While Drake is now very much a male style icon, in 2010 the Canadian rapper regretfully wore an oversized white blazer buttoned up once at the front. His shoes are also looking so shiny, they're bordering on velvet. We're hoping it's just the lighting.Naturally, when thinking of Miley and VMAs, an image of a nude latex two-piece, disco buns, her ever protruding tongue, and twerking upon a Beetlejuice suit-clad Robin Thicke come to mind. But it wasn't always that way.Back in her Hannah Montana heyday, Miley's long auburn hair fell down the shoulders of a sparkly dress complete with a 00's chunky waist belt.Pre-Kanye Kim was a lot more bling than high fashion. This low-cut, metallic, floor-length gown with a sheer back is very true to form.Beauty wise, take note of the very smokey eye and lack of contouring, proving that, just like every other style icon, she's certainly had a journey.Britney is another superstar who has a very colored VMA history. Do we even have to remind you of the Madonna kiss and performing "Slave 4 U" with an actual living python draped around her neck.But at her first VMAs, Britney represented like the true nineties pop princess she is. Wearing metallic errything (including eyeshadow), she even made sure to add in a choker for good measure.It's very interesting to take a look back at Kanye's wardrobe now that he is a New York Fashion Week respected designer. In 2004, the year he released his incredible College Dropout album, Kanye chose to wear head-to-toe baby pink to the VMAs. Here for it. Never fear, true to his hip hop legend status, there is a glimpse of bling under the very wide collar. The aviator sunglasses are also peak 2004 Yeezy.This is so early years-innocent-country girl Tay that its almost too much. In 2008, Swift burst onto the scene with her long, blonde ringlets, nude ballerina skirt, open-toed low-heeled sandals and long pendant. Combine all this with a guitar and we wouldn't have it any other way.The widely held belief that J.Lo simply does not age is further proven by this photo of her attending her first VMAS in 1998 - when she was 29. We are here for the all-white getup, hat included, and reckon she was probably taking style tips from her boyfriend at the time: Puff Daddy.Before Beyoncé ran the world all on her own, she did it with Kelly Rowland and Michelle Williams as part of Destiny's Child. In 1999, they won their first VMA and accepted in studded leather outfits. Bey wore a long leather dress, Kelly in leather hot pants and knee-high boots and Michelle in leather trousers. All is right with the world.Ok, so Chrissy definitely benefits from only having attended her first VMAs two years ago therefore avoiding some questionable outfit choices which her fellow celebs have had to endure. Chrissy makes the list for looking so damn chic and for braving and pulling off the definitely-not-wearing-any-underwear vibe.In 2012, One Direction flew stateside to join the big-timers at the VMAs. Harry Styles was in his pre-floral shirt days and dressed up in a waistcoat while sporting his trademark curly locks. Louis, Zayn, Niall and Liam all sported some variation of the instantly recognizable 2012 boyband 'do for the occasion. I wonder what they'll wear this year... Oh, wait :(Ari looks absolutely adorable and essentially like she's on her way to prom at her first VMA red carpet appearance in 2013. A far cry from the high pony, bunny ears and knee high boots we now love her for, the singer kept it cute in a floral mini dress and pointed stilettos. Side note: Shoutout to the side fringe which many of us were definitely still rocking in 2013.From: Cosmopolitan UK		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Old, Old Miley is officially gone. Some celebrities use press tours as a chance to take on the 10-outfits-in-one-day challenge. But Miley Cyrus basically did the same thing in one four-minute music video. Last night Cyrus released her "Younger Now" single and video, along with the official tracklist for her upcoming album. The video itself is a sumptuous homage to Elvis Presley and the 1950s. So much happens: Miley rides a parade float with kids! Goes to a carnival with seniors! Hangs with a young Miley puppet! And does the most visually pleasing dance routine in a poodle skirt:The entire thing is one big ole retro fashion show, with nine very different looks.There's nightgown Miley:Red ruffle dress parade Miley:Brown button-up puppeteer Miley:Red Elvis outfit Miley:Rainbow Greaser Miley:Blue sequined Elvis outfit Miley:Carnival Miley:Free-falling blue jumpsuit Miley:And poodle skirt Miley:If you look at it lyrically,"Younger Now" is Cyrus's way of saying she has no regrets, and that change is inevitable. "Even though it's not who I am/I'm not afraid of who I used to be," she sings, before launching into the song's chorus, "No one stays the same (oh, oh)/You know what goes up must come down (oh, oh)/Change is a thing you can count on (oh, oh)/I feel so much younger now."Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Well wtf!Zendaya is a style queen, there's no denying that. So when she debuted a majorly cute look on Snapchat, naturally, senior Hannah Whitley had to copy the fit.She duped the retro look with a striped tank, almost identical paper bag pants, and pointed toe flats.When you just wanna look like @Zendaya but you get a dress code violation for being too provocative🤔 #senioryearblues pic.twitter.com/qrrLmUONfeBut in the process, – you might want to sit down for this – Whitley showed her shoulders (GASP) and was given a dress code violation for "being too provocative." I know, those round things that attach your arms to your torso are really sexy, so I'll give you a minute to calm down. Go splash some cold water on your face...................You good? Okay, let's continue. Zendaya took notice of the fierceness being served and came to Whitley's defense, saying "provocative....where??? You look amazing."Provocative....where??? You look amazing♥️♥️ https://t.co/8jmMO4qCHaSo true, Z. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Tommy Pickles would be proud. If you were a kid in the '90s, chances are you're more than a little familiar with Nickelodeon. Whether you were a fan of watching Tommy Pickles break out of his playpen with his trusty screwdriver or you were just trying to figure out whether Arnold was wearing a skirt the whole time, one brand has your '90s TV obsession covered. Love Tribe has partnered with Nickelodeon to create a new '90s Nick-inspired clothing line, and it's probably identical to the stuff you wore as a little kid. Exclusively available online at Macy's and in stores across the country as of Aug. 15, Love Tribe's '90s Nickelodeon clothing line pays tribute to shows like Hey Arnold!, Clarissa Explains it All, All That, Rugrats, The Ren and Stimpy Show, and even SpongeBob Squarepants."The '90s are trending in a big way at the moment. One of the biggest things for our brand was that we wanted to do something fun and playful for back to school," Bonnie Dogan, vice president of sales for specialty retailers at Hybrid Apparel, told Cosmopolitan.com. "[These designs] are extremely fun and playful. The colors are bright and feel youthful, so it just made sense for us." If you're already a fan of the new collection, Dogan hints that there might be even more pieces going forward. "There's going to be more to come," Dogan says. "I can't say anything about the future just yet — but we want our fans to know there is more to be excited about very soon." Check out the full collection here.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			One-pieces are perfect for the dance floor.Bella Thorne has made it very clear that she and Scott Disick are not romantically involved (she's even got a new boyfriend), but that doesn't mean the two can't still hang out together. On Wednesday night, the pair met up at Avenue nightclub and Bella was looking fire af. She wore a plunging bedazzled bodysuit with a sheer skirt and her usual mix of random necklaces. Because she can't leave the house without rubbing glitter on a random part of her body, she rocked the disco tits trend like a champion. For those wondering, Scott wore a white shirt with black stripes.It's called fashion, ever heard of it???Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Look fab while also looking like yourself.The days of lounging by the pool with all your besties are over (RIP, summer vacay), but the good news is that homecoming is right around the corner! But between classes, homework, and soccer practice (or band practice, or whatever it is you do after school), you might not have tons of time to shop for a killer lewk. We’ve scoured our fave stores for some seriously on-point outfits for every style personality, so whether you’re more sporty (go team!), edgy (#musicislife), or girly (all pink everything), we’ve got you covered with an ensemble fit for a (Homecoming) queen. Go forth and slay. If your bathroom cabinet looks like the unicorn hair dye section at your local beauty store, this lewk is for YOU. An embroidered dress is just elegant enough, while bright, playful pieces (think: floral earrings and colorful heels) command attention. Hog the spotlight—you deserve it. Embroidered Fit and Flare Dress, BCX, $69, Macy's; Print-Tone Graffiti Print Crystal-Drop Earrings, Betsey Johnson, $35, Macy's; Beach Breeze Tassel Necklace, $68, Lilly Pulitzer; Floral Sequined Clutch, INC International Concepts, $130, Macy's; Fatima Heel, $71, Marc FisherThis embroidered two-piece is comfy yet still fancy enough to wear to the first big event of the school year. Earthy add-ons—like a leather-and-tassel necklace—give your outfit major flower-child vibes. Cotton Fringed Caftan, $46, Mango; 2-Piece Lace Embroidered Dress, City Studios, $89, Macy's; Gold-Tone Goddess Headband, Rachel Rachel Roy, $38, Macy's; Double Tassel Necklace, $21, Lucky Brand; Carrson Ankle-Strap Dress Sandals, Steve Madden, $90, Macy'sIf you’re more interested in band tees and Chucks than pearls and skirts, keep that punk-y flair going for the dance. Pair a two-piece floral dress with edgy additions like fishnet socks, spiked jewelry, and a black leather clutch. (Total. Fire.)2-Piece Lace Top Floral Dress, BCX, $79, Macy's; Silver Tone Black Collar Necklace, BCBGeneration, $34, Macy's; Fishnet Ankle Sock, $8, Topshop; Lily Glazed Clutch, INC International Concepts, $50, Macy's; Joyce Lace-up Open-Toe Shooties, Avec Les Filles, $198, Macy'sGo full-on mixed-metal feminine (#sorrynotsorry) in a rhinestone-embellished minidress, crystal drop earrings, and—of course—a tiara fit for royalty. After all, every princess needs her crown. Embellished Corset Fit and Flare Dress, $199, Blondie Nites, Macy's; Princess for a Day Tiara, $10, Charming Charlie; Silver Tone Cubic Zirconia Linear Drop Earrings, $75, Danori, Macy's; Evie Clutch, INC International Concepts, $80, Macy's; Bambam Glitter Sandal, GUESS, $79, Macy'sYour bedroom is pink, your phone case is sparkly, and your style icon is Elle Woods. Sounds about right? Own the girliness in a white-and-gold princess dress, sky-high baby pink heels, and a velvet crossbody.Crop Frill Detail Jacket, $85, Topshop; Metallic Strappy Back Dress, Sequin Hearts, $79, Macy's; Gold-Tone Pink Crystal Flower Bracelet, Betsey Johnson, $42, Macy's; Pieve Light Pink Crossbody, $45, ALDO; Palkaya Dress Sandal, Jessica Simpson, $89, Macy's; While you’re probably not going to go all reverse Ariel and sprout a mermaid tail anytime soon, you can still channel your spirit animal. Reach for a dress in the colors of the ~oCeAn~ with glam, mermaid-inspired accessories. A merqueen, after all, is always glam. Embroidered Strapless Dress, City Studios, $79, Macy's; Gold-Tone Stone Cluster Stud Earrings, Ionna & lilly, $18, Macy's; Gold-Tone Starfish Stretch Bracelet, Charter Club, $35, Macy's; Flaviee Stud Mini Clutch, INC International Concepts, $90, Macy's; Ladies First Green Hologram Pointed Pumps, $18, LulusEven if you’re not actually from New England, you’re totally an old-school prep at heart. Trade your go-to country club duds for a classy party lewk starring an embroidered pink-and-cream dress and sophisticated nude extras (plus, of course, a Blair Waldorf-approved headband). Embroidered Fit and Flare Dress, Speechless, $99, Macy's; Gold Tone Circle and Spike Drop Earrings, INC International Concepts, $27, Macy's; Shell and Beaded Headband, $18, Topshop; Collarless Denim Jacket, $75, Ralph Lauren; Stecy Two-Piece Sandals, Steve Madden, $80, Macy's; Lily Glazed Clutch, INC International Concepts, $50, Macy'sWishing it was eternally 1998? (Same, girl, same.) Rock your nostalgia in a pair of ultra-clunky heels, a chic brocade dress, and an always-on-trend denim boyfriend jacket. Don’t forget the choker—the ‘90s staple pulls it all together. Ex-Boyfriend Trucker Jacket, $90, Levi's; Sequined Fit and Flare Dress, City Studios, $89, Macy's; Layered Bar Choker Necklace, $10, Charming Charlie; Cindy Small Clutch, Calvin Klein, $148, Macy's; Jodi Platform Sandals, Steve Madden, $109, Macy'sKeep it comfy (but still totally stylish) in a simple striped skirt and sparkly crop top, sequined shoes, and a party-worthy clutch. A bold bomber makes this OOTD feel totally authentic.2-Piece Sequined Lace Striped Dress, $79, BCX, Macy's; Gold-Tone Flower & Crystal Ear Jackets, Betsey Johnson, $35, Macy's; Contrast Trims Bomber, $40, Mango; Joy Evening Flats, Blue by Betsey Johnson, $99, Macy's; Cindy Small Clutch, Calvin Klein, $148, Macy'sMaybe you were born in the wrong era, but you can def still look killer in this one. Show off your retro style in a vintage-inspired getup with an embellished lace dress, Art Deco-inspired earrings, and an old-school top-handle handbag. Embellished Glitter Lace Choker Dress, City Studios, $89, Macy's; Satin Border Chiffon Scarf, Calvin Klein, $28, Zappos; Gold-Tone Pave & Jet Glitter Hoop Earrings, GUESS, $25, Macy's; Elephina Dress Sandal, Jessica Simpson, $98, Macy's; Badesse Mini Handbag, $25, ALDO		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You don’t need to spend a fortune to turn heads in the hallway.Back-to-school shopping is a total blast, until you realize that, wait, fire new lewks cost...money. Real talk: Nothing kills the mood quite like a budget. So we’ve rounded up 12 back-to-school style picks that will give you life, each of which clock in at $50 or less. After all, the more you save, the more you can buy, the more you feel like Kween of the Halls. Priorities, girls.Looking done-up is a thing of the past (who's pumped? 🙋). To feel cool these days, it's all about going casual. This tank is as comfy as your go-to tees, but with an edgy twist for extra style points.Bravado Ramones Muscle T-Shirt, $29shop nowThis fall, ditch the boring backpack and go for one made of satin. (Because shiny = everything.) This one is dressed up with chic faux pearls and majorly cool rhinestones. It's on-trend and fits a surprising number of books and/or makeup.Aldo Jerasa Backpack, $30shop nowThere's nothing new about jeans, but that does not mean you're stuck with boring skinnies all day, every day. Swap out your basic baby blues for a cuffed, patched-adorned pair in a worn-in light wash. To take your ~style~ one step further, customize ‘em with your own patches... because you do you, girl.Indigo Rein Patch Miller Wash Ripped Skinny Jeans, $49shop nowEspadrilles are perfect for those half-hot, half-cold, not-quite-fall days: They’re covered enough to keep your toes warm, but breezy enough to keep ‘em from overheating. Bonus if they have our new lyfe motto on there! Circus by Sam Edelman Leni Fries Before Guys Espradrille, $24shop nowThey say happiness starts with your outlook, and what better way to keep things *positive* than by reminding yourself what a good day it is every time you pull out your planner? Plus, it'll help you stay focused and mega-organized all year. Win! ban.do No Bad Days Agenda, $28shop nowHere's the great thing about this whole athleisure trend (it's not going away any time soon): It means you can be extra comfy-cozy on rainy days when you just Can. Not. with your closet. Mesh inserts show just enough skin while remaining principal-approps. Material Girl Mesh-Inset Hoodie, $40shop nowYour phone is totally an extension of you, right? So accessorize it like you would yourself! Bedazzled honeybees are cute and playful, and rose gold is 😍 😍 😍.Skinnydip London Rose Gold Bee Case, $32shop nowShow off your summer tan in a breezy, shoulder-baring top in a preppy plaid print. If your dress code prohibits showing that much skin (soz), layer it over a plain white tank to keep the fashion police off your back.Seven Sisters Off-the-Shoulder Plaid Shirt, $34shop nowIf you're a jeans-and-tee kinda gal, take things up a serious notch with a corset-waist tee. The cut is flattering (promise), and the flirty lace-up detailing will ensure all eyes stay on you until the afternoon bell. Topshop Longline Corset T-Shirt, $20shop nowBikini season may be over, but warm weather footwear doesn't have to be (yet). Show off your pedi in a pair of elevated pool slides in awesome millennial pink.  Steve Madden Silky Slip-On Pool Slides, $39shop nowWhat says cool-girl-at-the-football-game more than a denim jacket? The ruffles on this Mango version are just begging to be featured in your next hawt selfie. Mango Organic Cotton Denim Jacket, $45shop nowHere's a secret about those boho dresses you're about to pack away 'till next summer: You can layer them over other pieces to make them cold-weather ready. Pull on skin-tight jeggings with this floral number for a true *style moment*.ZARA Embroidered Dress, $50shop now		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Fans are boycotting the brand.Well, this is awkward.Adidas is currently facing a whole heap of backlash on Instagram and Twitter after unveiling Kendall Jenner's newest ad for the sportswear brand.While this is no Pepsi fiasco, people are calling out Adidias Originals for using a model, rather than an athlete, as the face of its brand.Of course, this is nothing new - hello Gigi Hadid for Reebok and Kylie Jenner for Puma - but it seems that there is something about these particular ads that have really ground people's gears.Adidas first posted a short clip of the ad to Instagram last week, which shows Kendall lying in a perspex box saying "I did what I had to do. I faced it all, and I stood tall. I did it my way."And later, Kendall shared another clip from the campaign:A glimpse at the future. #ORIGINALis #adidas_Ambassador @adidasOriginals pic.twitter.com/sBGRUPz6odAnd that's when the criticism started rolling in.This is so pandering to a market you'll never have! So not "original" back to Nike with Serena, Nadal and other real athletes.  Pepsi got itOut of all the great clubs and athletes y'all sponsor, y'all really put 21 & Kendal?kendall jenner managed to make @adidas uncool. @pepsi must be having a laugh rn#adidasOriginalsxAW literally just threw out everything adidas i owned after the @KendallJenner ad. Will never buy againSome just found the whole 'Originals' concept a little, well, lost...Kendall Jenner???? Really?!??? There is NOTHING original about having this ridiculous image front your brand...come on adidas!! Do better!!But not everyone found the ad offensive. Fans leapt to Kendall's defence to compliment her on the new ad, with some explaining that Adidas Originals has never been a brand just for athletes.@KendallJenner @adidasoriginals ppl are upset that she is the new face of adidas? but how many ppl wearing adidas are athletes? Get over itso proud of you ADIDAS GIRL 🙌🏼💙 pic.twitter.com/Y1LhSg0T0oFrom: Cosmopolitan UK		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's called the Selena Grace and it's so stunning.Selena Gomez may have her hands full with singing and acting, but she's also currently the face of the iconic brand Coach. After wearing them to this year's Met Gala and posing in her first campaign for the brand, Selena's taking this relationship to the next level with handbags in her name. Meet one of them in a recent InStyle spread: the Selena Grace. Also so stoked I got to show you a sneak peak at my @coach bag I designedA post shared by  Selena Gomez (@selenagomez) on Aug 3, 2017 at 3:14pm PDTSelena later posted a promo shot of herself with the Selena Grace handbag, sharing, "It’s been so much fun working with @Coach and @StuartVevers on designing my very own bag: the Selena Grace." It’s been so much fun working with @Coach and @StuartVevers on designing my very own bag: the Selena Grace. Come see it and meet me at Coach House New York on Sept. 13! #CoachxSelena #CoachNYA post shared by  Selena Gomez (@selenagomez) on Aug 6, 2017 at 10:55am PDTThough she's only sharing images of the Selena Grace bag in red, it comes in two more colorways, White and Black Cherry. In fact, the bag is part of a larger Selena Gomez x Coach collection. As UK paper The Independent shared, it appears that along with the Selena Grace bag, the collection also includes a star charm, a wristlet, and a "Mini Skinny" wallet:As for Coach themselves? They've been posting photos and videos of Selena's campaign for their bag, the Rogue: @SelenaGomez, with the new Rogue bag, stars in the #CoachFall2017 campaign. . . .  Photograped by Steven Meisel, styled by Karl Templer, with makeup by @PatMcGrathReal and hair by @GuidoPalau. #CoachxSelena #GoRogue #CoachNY #CoachFall2017A post shared by  Coach (@coach) on Aug 11, 2017 at 7:36am PDT Watch @SelenaGomez take fall's signature pieces, including the new Rogue bag, for a spin. #CoachFall2017 #CoachxSelena #GoRogue #CoachNYA post shared by  Coach (@coach) on Aug 11, 2017 at 6:31pm PDT Meet your favorite new everything bag. The season's reimagined Rogue is crafted in glovetanned pebble leather and features a contrast top-handle. #CoachNY #CoachxSelena #GoRogue #CoachFall2017A post shared by  Coach (@coach) on Aug 12, 2017 at 7:40am PDT Summer vibes courtesy of @SelenaGomez and the season's new Rogue bag. #CoachxSelena #GoRogue #CoachFall2017 #CoachNYA post shared by  Coach (@coach) on Aug 13, 2017 at 8:18am PDT A behind-the-scenes moment with @SelenaGomez during the #CoachFall2017 campaign shoot. #CoachxSelena #GoRogue #CoachNYA post shared by  Coach (@coach) on Aug 13, 2017 at 12:43pm PDT As Selena always says, "Love yourself first." We couldn't agree more. #CoachxSelena #GoRogue #CoachNY #CoachFall2017A post shared by  Coach (@coach) on Aug 13, 2017 at 7:05pm PDTSelena Gomez x Coach drops on September 1 in stores, but according to the Coach website, pre-orders start on Monday, August 14. Check your bank account in 3, 2, 1...Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			THEY'RE AMAZING.Can we talk about Patrick Starrr's 2017 Teen Choice Awards look for a sec? His blinged-out gold harem pants have more sequins than an entire limo full of prom dresses combined, and I'm really here for them. Also, THIS POSE! Have you ever seen anything better than this?!? On my way to the @TeenChoiceFOX !!!! pic.twitter.com/bEWBzkxrHyAnd because this is Patrick we're talking about, his makeup was ON 👏 POINT 👏. I'm talking full contour, major lashes, and a glossy brown lip. So gorgeous. For Patrick's full transformation, check this out. Hannah Orenstein is the Assistant Features Editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Twitter and Instagram		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She's Betty IRL, basically. Team Betty, listen up! Your girl Lili Reinhart just showed up to the 2017 Teen Choice Awards red carpet looking like she stepped straight off the set of Riverdale. Don't believe me? See for yourself. This prim gown looks like something Betty would wear for the homecoming dance, because that girl loves herself some collar detail. And the button trim is so preppy-girl cute. BC def would have gone for a slip dress underneath, but Lili's all-sheer look is totally badass. You just know Jughead is dying rn. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Your fave celebs completely slayed the blue carpet. See all the best-dressed stars at the 2017 TCAs.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Z, please teach me how to pull this off.Zendaya rolled up the 2017 Teen Choice Awards in a pair of striped sequined pajamas by Ashi Studio. Not only was she probably ridic comfortable, but she also looked like an actual bombshell. She wore nude sandals, a curly lob with bangs, and a peach lip. I dare you to find me one person who looks more comfortably glam tonight — no, one person who looks more comfortably glam ANY NIGHT — than Zendaya did at the TCAs.Bow down to Queen Z. Hannah Orenstein is the Assistant Features Editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Twitter and Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			In January of this year, rife with controversy (see: CEO suspension born from misconduct allegations, merkins on mannequins) norm-core pioneer American Apparel announced they'd be closing all 110 stores by April. The made-in-America brand had announced bankruptcy in 2015, and been acquired by Canadian brand Gildan Activewear for $88 million early in 2017. It seemed, in April, that even that changing of the guards wasn't enough to pull AA back from the brink. But then on Monday of this week, the American Apparel website secretly reopened for business, Fashionista noticed. In recent months, Gildan reportedly assembled a team of former AA employees to relaunch the brand, although not entirely reimagine it. The t-shirts are still simple, jersey knit, and available in seventeen shades, the crossback bra still has no underwires. One major difference? Towards the end of AA 1.0, the brand offered more than 6,000 styles; the new selection is decidedly more edited: there are currently 37 offerings on the women's site. "It started to become everything for everyone a bit, and really diluted, so we wanted to go back and have a strong message," Silvia Mazzuchellli, AA's vice president of direct to consumer told Fashionista.There's one other interesting change. It used to be that American Apparel was all, uh, made in America. While ethical and altruistic, that proved problematic for profits. (Some reports say the brand was never really in the black.) A new Made in the USA Capsule allows consumers to choose. A woman's hoodie made stateside is $48; the very same garment made overseas is $38. The brand plans to watch the numbers very carefully, allowing buyers to demonstrate with their wallets the importance of at-home manufacturing. Per Instagram, American Apparel's true relaunch is on Monday, August 14. From: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			As one does. In a completely non-shocking turn of events that absolutely everyone saw coming, Zendaya has slayed the red carpet again. What was surprising, though, was what she wore to do it. Instead of going with oh a nightgown-inspired strappy dress or a deer sweatshirt covered in ruffles, Z went for what looks like a cozy pair of pjs covered in sequins. The '80s were alive and well and fully embodied in her hair. And on a related note: I suddenly want bangs. To complete the look the Spider-Man Homecoming star rocked ample amounts of sass per usual and simple nude strappey heels. The definition of elegance, people. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She has 10 million Instagram followers but refuses to accept product endorsements.How did 20-year-old model Alexis Ren amass over 10 million Instagram followers in under 500 posts? The California native rose to social media superstardom by sharing a mix of vaguely captioned bikini, bedroom, fitness, and food photos: Writhing on a beach, nestled in hotel linens, stretching sexily, posturing with desserts. Alexis's adoring fans flood the comments section with praise and heart-eye emojis, and likes soar to hundreds of thousands. What you won't see on her feed are ads for gummy vitamins, diet tea, or waist trainers. "I just want this to be real. That's my whole thing," she tells me over the phone. "If you're an influencer and that moment is not real for you, then what's the point of it?"It's this emphasis on authenticity, Alexis says, that keeps her from accepting big ticket product endorsements despite the temptation to cash in. "Any of the typical offers have all come to me, whether it's a product for tea, or teeth whitening, or weight loss. And these brands have a lot of money. But [paid posts are] the complete opposite of what I'm trying to do."  finally sharing the news...join me #renactive www.renactive.coA post shared by  Alexis Ren (@alexisren) on May 18, 2017 at 3:04pm PDTAlexis has parlayed her Insta-fame into a few noteworthy campaigns for Calvin Klein, L'Oreal, and Express. Last year she appeared in Mario Testino's towel series. Surely Alexis could follow the blogger business model and make lingerie or swimsuits, but that would be too predictable, she says. Instead, she partnered with Revolve to launch her own collection of fitness-inspired basics, aptly named, REN Active ("For the girl that's passionately curious"). "I'm from L.A. and when you work out in the day you usually stay in your workout clothes," she says. "So I always liked it where I can go to meetings in my workout clothes and still feel on it and fashionable." The line is made up of the tomboy-sexy exercise separates that Alexis is often seen wearing when she's clothed. The "Enticed Crop Tee," a $80 warm-up jersey hits just below the navel. The zip-front "Tiger Eye One Piece" ($138) looks utilitarian enough to swim laps, but the back is a thong. "I really wanted something that could go with me and wherever I go I could take it with me and it could be part of my life and story." And for Alexis, what's more authentic than revealing athletic-wear?Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			According to the show's costume designer.Warning: This article contains spoilers for Season 7 of Game of Thrones.While Jon Snow has been off hanging out with Daenerys Targaryen, Sansa Stark has been in charge at Winterfell on this season of Game of Thrones. But that doesn't mean she's let go of the trauma she's faced in her past. It turns out a lot of her inner turmoil can be seen in what she's been wearing this season. In a post on the Making Game of Thrones site, costume designer Michele Clapton revealed the meaning behind the Stark kids' wardrobe in Season 7. And Sansa's costume has a particularly sad backstory. It turns out her repressive wardrobe is meant to put up a wall after how horribly she has been treated by men like Joffrey and Ramsay, and it serves as a warning for any other man who comes near her. Clapton particularly liked the detail around Sansa's belt. "This is her taking back control of her body. I designed it to wrap around over her side-laced dress to represent the absolute removal of any possible physical touch," she said. She also noted that it's a sign that Baelish shouldn't try any sudden moves. "Her dresses are also tightly-laced on, incredibly difficult to remove; it's a message to Littlefinger," she said. But there is one part of her look that's positive, Clapton says, and is a sign of her ambition. "Sansa's cape, for instance, represents Ned and her desire to take on more of a leadership role at Winterfell," she said. So Sansa's wardrobe sends a big signals to anyone who tries to mess with her: don't even try it because I'm the boss now. Not a bad way to power dress.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Keep yourself looking ~straight fire~ from Monday to Friday.This is a modal window.Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window.End of dialog window.It's Monday a.m. and you're prob thinking you have nothing to wear — and you don't have the patience or time to try on different outfits. Let 17-year-old actress (and all-around cool-girl) Daniella Perkins show you how it's done with five flawless outfits that are majorly cute. Watch the vid above to steal her lewks.Kiss Me Tie-Dyed Ankle Jeans, Jessica Simpson, $70, Macy’s; Cotton Tie-Back T-Shirt, Avec Les Filles, $26, Macy’s; Emmie Ballet Flats, Lucky, $59, Macy’s; Modern Medley Large 17-Month Agenda, Vera Bradley, $28, Macy'sFloral Print Maxi Shirt, American Rag, $60, Macy’s; Ripped AC/DC Graphic T-Shirt, Freeze 24-7, $29, Macy’s; Iconic Deluxe Campus Small Bag, Vera Bradley, $128, Macy’s; Silver-Tone Pavé Skull Charm Imitation Leather Double Row Choker Necklace, Betsey Johnson, $32, Macy’s; Kudos Slip-On Sneakers, Madden Girl, $49, Macy’s; Ripped Skinny Jeans, American Rag, $60, Macy’sCold-Shoulder Fit & Flare Dress, American Rag, $70, Macy’s; 1981 Skinny Jeans (similar), $128, GUESS; Addy Peep-Toe Dress Sandal, Madden Girl, $59, Macy’s; Easton DIY Large Tote, Steve Madden, $78, Macy’s; Bee Bag Charm, KENDALL + KYLIE, $50, Shopbop; Flirting iPhone Case, Chiara Ferragni, $38, Leggsinton; Denim Choker Duo (similar), $12, American Eagle; Modern Medley Large 17-Month Agenda, Vera Bradley, $28, Macy'sJustin Bieber Purpose Tour Juniors’ Staff Cropped Hoodie, Bravado, $44, Macy’s; Justin Bieber Purpose Tour Juniors’ Sweatpants, Bravado, $44, Macy’s; Silky Slip-On Pool Slides, Steve Madden, $39, Macy’s; Flirting iPhone Case, Chiara Ferragni, $38, Leggsinton; Short Sleeve T-Shirt, $16, Zara; Sterling Silver Plated Basic Hoop Earring (similar), $20, Urban OufittersBell-Sleeve Plaid Shirt, Polly & Esther, $34, Macy’s; Billie Ripped Skinny Jeans, Black Daisy, $44, Macy’s; Adele Bow Slip-On Mules, $45, Topshop; Hot Pepper Silk Bandana, Kate Spade New York, $48, Shopbop; Wilson Medium Canvas Backpack with Patches and Pins, Steve Madden, $98, Macy’sKiss Graphic Tank Top, Freeze 24-7, $29, Macy’s; Originals Three Stripe Cigarette Pants in Black, adidas, $60, ASOS; Kitten Lace-Up Sneakers, Madden Girl, $44, Macy’s; Grady Large Canvas Tote with Patches & Pins, Steve Madden, $98, Macy’s		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			As she steps out in her latest jewel-encrusted bikini, we look back over the singer's best outfits from the annual Crop Over Festival in Barbados.The Crop Over is an annual harvest festival held in Barbados, traditionally held at the end of the summer to mark the culmination of another successful sugar harvest. Since she's been in the public eye, Rihanna has attended four times, and each outfit has been more impressive than the last. Scroll down to see them in all their glory.From: Harper's BAZAAR UK		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"The Swastika is coming back," it says. A company called KA Design debuted a new line of apparel in a video last month featuring the swastika symbol laid over a rainbow background alongside the words "love," "zen," and "peace." The swastika is an ancient East Asian and South Asian spiritual design that was co-opted by Nazis as a symbol of Aryan supremacy. And yet, KA Design thinks the real issue here is that Nazis "limited our freedom" to wear swastikas, as the video below explains. Their solution? To splash it across sweatshirts and t-shirts. "The Swastika is coming back," the video proclaims, which is a chilling sentiment to pretty much anyone who's ever opened a history book or talked to their grandparents about World War Two. KA Design sold its merchandise through the site Teespring, which removed the garments after outraged shoppers launched a #BoycottTeespring campaign on Twitter.#BoycottTeespring until @teespring stops selling nazi swastika shirts with rambow clours on. TsNot cool, very disgusting and Offensive pic.twitter.com/1RPDNEWhWlRather than learning from the backlash and apologizing, the KA Design team has doubled down on their message. "We really enjoy the swastika," a spokesperson said in an email to Mic. "Not because of any of the meanings associated with it, but because of the shape and of how it looks. However, the strong bond between the swastika and Nazi values was unbreakable. We didn’t feel free. For the right reason. So we ended up using this symbol with the aim of sharing its opposite values: love, peace and freedom. Our project wants to express the victory of love and humanity against hatred and Nazism in general."You know who else didn't feel free? The millions of Jewish people captured and forcibly sent to Nazi concentration camps during World War Two — including the one million people killed at Auschwitz; 925,000 killed at Treblinka, 434,500 killed at Belzec, and many, many, more. Hannah Orenstein is the Assistant Features Editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Twitter and Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's also a comfy way to go bra-free. Boob sweat: it's a thing! And not a particularly ~comfortable~ or ~glamorous~ thing. Enter the Ta-Ta Towel, a terrycloth invention that prevents boob sweat, keeps your chest in place without annoying straps and wires on a bra, and looks like a ridiculously chill garment to wear around the house. Are you sold already? I am. Just listen to how entrepreneur Erin Robertson came up with the idea for the Ta-Ta Towel back in 2015:The towels come in three sizes: small (for cup sizes "big C" to DD), medium (DDD to E), and large (F to H). They retail for $45 each. You can pre-order them here. (Ta-Ta Towels aren't available in smaller, less sweat-prone sizes.)People on Twitter are really freaking excited about the towels, because why wouldn't you be? This low key lit. I want a #TaTaTowel pic.twitter.com/TnppnzbFoBI can't even. Like why didn't I think of this?! #tatatowel pic.twitter.com/kKr4A0Hemn🤣🤣🤣I know what everyone is getting for Christmas this year! #TaTaTowel pic.twitter.com/LgqG1ROFsjTa-ta for now. Hannah Orenstein is the Assistant Features Editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Twitter and Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Plus Bella Hadid and Hailey Baldwin wore adorable LBDs.Kendall Jenner partied in New York City on Wednesday night, and, just like that, side boob is now a dying trend. The model wore a cropped (and I mean cropped) white tank top that flashed some subtle underboob.  She also wore a cargo miniskirt, a brown Louis Vuitton shoulder bag, and open-toe red heels. She can walk around in literally half a shirt and a contorted cargo skirt and still look chic AF. How, Kendall? How do you do it?! Naturally, she was joined by fellow models and BFFs Bella Hadid and Hailey Baldwin on their way to a birthday party in SoHo. Bella wore an off-the-shoulder black minidress with slouchy knee-high boots and gold jewelry. Hailey paired a deep v-neck minidress with a Barbie pink Gucci bag, sheer socks, and strappy pumps.Clearly Kendall didn't get the LBD memo. Shop the look below.BUY NOW Mesh Tie Front Crop Top, SEAFOLLY (available at ASOS), $45.50BUY NOW Pocket Detail Denim Skirt, PULL&BEAR; (available at ASOS), $34BUY NOW FAIRY-TALE Two Part Sandals, TOPSHOP, $85 BUY NOW Velvet Bustier Dress, BARDOT (available at Nordstrom), $99BUY NOW Textured Bar Faux Leather Crossbody Bag, TED BAKER LONDON, $106BUY NOW Out From Under Slouchy Glitter Mesh Ankle Sock, URBAN OUTFITTERS, $12BUY NOW Tie Ankle Strap Pump, SAM EDELMAN (available at Nordstrom), $80 BUY NOW Off-the-Shoulder Stretch-Jersey Mini Dress, T BY ALEXANDER WANG (available at The Outnet), $159BUY NOW Carrara Knee High Pointy Toe Boot, NINEWEST (available at Nordstrom), $87Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Because, really, who says they AREN'T pants?! Sel takes white leggings for a spin, rocking hers with a knotted chambray shirt.With a cute printed bomber, Kylie takes her leggings from gym-ready to seriously chic.Z makes her casual leggings look adorable with drape-y layered tops. Hailey makes her leggings super trendy with a cropped tee and worker boots. Okay, so the singer's leggings have buttons so they're kind of pants, but what makes leggings, really? They're all pants to us! Plus, Justine looks amaze in her graphic top and white cap. Kendall goes for an all-black, model-off-duty look.Gigi's sleek bomber and ladylike bag make her leggings fashion-y.Tay pairs her grey leggings with a cute plaid cape. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Is it a skirt? A shirt? Kendall Jenner stepped out in New York City on Wednesday night with Hailey Baldwin and Bella Hadid, and paired her shirt (side note: #FreeTheUnderboob) with what we think might be a skirt. But honestly, it could also be a shirt masquerading as a skirt.Other theories include "a canvas outdoors bag that she climbed into" and ¯\_(ツ)_/¯, but either way Kendall looks amazing. Prepare your wardrobe because Complicated Skirt Shirts are officially in.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Marie Claire US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Move over, mermaid tail blankets.If you're the kind of person who prefers to curl up with a blanket as cute as it is cozy, then these princess dress blankets have you covered — literally. Basic blankets are for peasants! You're a princess who deserves to lounge in luxury and feel like royalty all day every day, and you need one of these in your life.Kansas-based crocheter Carol Hladik got the idea to design princess dress-inspired blankets in February while she was recovering from foot surgery and stuck recovering on the couch."I thought it would be nice to have a fun blanket to help me feel better," Hladik explained in an interview. "I love princesses and big, poufy skirts. Even when I got married, I wanted that big skirt. I was playing around and decided to create something fun." It didn't take long before Hladik's princess blanket patterns, which she sells for $5.50 each on Etsy.com and Ravelry.com, really took off, and she and her family have been working tirelessly to fill orders ever since.The blanket gowns are available in toddler, children, and adult sizes in three different patterns: a yellow off-the-shoulder dress with rosettes...A blue puffy-sleeve gown...And a long-sleeve "corset" purple gown. Hladik soon will add a mermaid-inspired green princess gown to the line and has plenty of design ideas for more blankets to come. For now, she's sticking to selling only the patterns rather than completed blankets — so grab your grandma, your hipster friend, or whoever in your life knows how to crochet, and beg them to make you one of these beauties.Better yet, teach yourself! Hladik says once you watch a few YouTube videos to learn the different stitch terms, the rest is simply repetition. Happy crocheting!Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Because I know your fav dress has been on repeat. It's summer, which means your wardrobe probably looks like this: 👗👗👗👗👗👗👗👗. The plus side: no pants. The down side: there are only so many ways you can wear a dress before your warm weather uniform gets boring. So here are seven super cute, super unique ways to wear your favorite sun dress. Clockwise: Paisley Baby Tan Straw Hat, $26, Lulu's; The Edit by Seventeen Chambray Bomber Jacket, $17, Macy's; Tiered Eyelet Cami Dress, $77, Express; Heart Shaped Sunglasses, $10, Amazon;  Stripe Bow Heeled Mules, $40, ExpressClockwise: Gold Nasty Slogan Choker Necklace (Similar), $14, Missguided; Tiered Eyelet Cami Dress, $77, Express; Floral Embroidered Cross Body Bag, $50, Express; The Re-Made Mini Denim Skirt, $30, Cotton On;  Chilai Black Print Ankle Strap Heels, $29, Lulu'sClockwise: Tropical Punch Flower Frontal Necklace, $45, Betsey Johnson; Pink Tie Shoulder Metallic Cami Top, $38, Missguided; Eye Rolling Forever 3D iPhone Case, $38, Valfre; Tiered Eyelet Cami Dress, $77, Express; Animal-Print Gladiator Sandals, $25, Old Navy; Denim Vest, $30, Nordstrom RackClockwise: Tiered Eyelet Cami Dress, $77, Express; Jasmine Off The Shoulder Stripe Tailored Shirt (Similar), $36, Boohoo; Shiraleah Sofia Clutch, $34, Express; Shooting Star Womens Sneakers, $30, JCPenneyClockwise: Aerie Boho Racerback Bralette, $16, American Eagle; Tiered Eyelet Cami Dress, $77, Express; Gold Metallic Pleather Belting (Similar), $6, Joann Fabrics; Beneath The Canopy Tan Woven Pompom Clutch, $68, Lulu's; Braided Slide Sandal, $10, American EagleClockwise: Blue Striped Ruched Sleeve Shirt, $43, Missguided; Beehive Necklace, $68, BaubleBar; Tiered Eyelet Cami Dress, $77, Express; Valerie Make Up 3 Pom, $80, JADEtribe; Jayci Tie Leg Embellished Espadrilles, $32, ASOSClockwise: Allycia Chop Tee, $20, Cotton On; Tiered Eyelet Cami Dress, $77, Express; One Bite Crossbody, $68, Danielle Nicole; Broken Heart Embroidered Patch Flats, $45, ExpressFollow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			There's just one problem...On your average day, Bella Thorne is probably wearing lingerie as a shirt, some form of tie dye, platform sneakers, something metallic, ripped up fishnets, and about 12 random necklaces for good measure. (Honestly does that girl plan her outfits or just play spin the bottle in her closet?)But her latest neck stack is really pissing off fans. Some noticed that one of her chains had a pendant with the word "Allah" on it, ironically enough, worn next to a rosary. When you beat it right✨ pic.twitter.com/BQZCXHgKTAFans were quick to blast the actress for wearing the Muslim religion as fashion, calling the charm offensive.WHAT IS ACTUALLY WRITTEN IN THIS NECKLACE?? I WANT U TO EXPLAIN B! pic.twitter.com/wT65dDnF0hThere's just one problem – the necklace actually says "slut." The You Get Me star commented on the post to clear things up. Now, Twitter can't stop laughing over the mishap. bella thorne getting dragged for wearing a necklace that people thought said allah, is hilarious seeing as it actually says "slut" pic.twitter.com/xmA24JohBYlmao y'all just look for reasons to drag Bella Thorne 😂😂y'all really dragged her bc y'all thought her necklace said allah but it said slutClassic Bella. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Who did this? Online retailer Zazzle is currently feeling the wrath of Twitter after a very, very poor choice of model selection. The site sells a ton of tees with empowering slogans like"unapologetically black" or "I am a strong black woman. I cannot be intimidated, and I'm not going anywhere." The only problem is, the models wearing them are not black.People started to take notice and have taken to Twitter to ask why the brand didn't have an *actual* black woman model these shirts. White models + generic pro-black women slogans @zazzle = the most awkward mess on EARTH. #melanin&coconutoil&hips&magic&sheerhorror pic.twitter.com/TVgHJSU8wvwell in that case pic.twitter.com/2xI849O0we*Sigh* I thought we were past this...UPDATED: 7/31/17 4:03 p.m. ETZazzle reps told Seventeen.com in a statement: "Each designer is shown a series of pre-posed randomized model shots upon which their design is placed. It’s always possible that gender, race and other attributes of the model do not match up to the specifics of the design, given the ratio of our millions of designs to the 100 or so t-shirt styles we offer. At Zazzle, we’re committed to diversity and are working on increasing the diversity of the pre-posed model shots and the t-shirt range itself."Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Not kidding. Every season your favorite bloggers become fixated on a stunning new bag that you can never afford (the Chloé Faye bag, the structured Céline bag, the patched Gucci bag – I could go on for days) and you're left scrolling through your Insta feed with sadness in your heart. This summer, things have changed. Even the most designer-obsessed bloggers are trading in their $$ handbags for a purse that costs less than a dollar. For the last few months, the mesh shopping tote has been taking over Instagram. You've probably seen them featured in pretty flat lays or swinging off the arm of your fave street style queen. The slouchy bags are basically Insta fuel and they just so happen to be super, super cheap. You can get one for as low as 76 cents on Amazon – and in basically every color. BUY IT HERENeed more convincing? Feast your eyes on this style inspo. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Pastels and glitter and sassy t-shirts, oh my!Bust out the ol'*NSYNC and get ready to take a sparkly step into your past because Limited *insert original flower emoji here* Too is back!The best place for all your sassy slogan t-shirt needs is returning for a limited time in a NYC pop-up. The brand will station itself at various places throughout the city in a pastel pink truck that's absolute on-point perfection. Unfortunately for all of with woman-sized bodies, the clothing will come in the traditional kid's sizes of 2T-16, but that won't stop me from buying all the accessories and attempting to squeeze my big beautiful butt into a pair of sweat shorts with the words "HOOPS" written across the back.If you wanna get in on the action, WWD is reporting that the truck will be at Third Avenue between 59th and 60th on Aug. 6, Herald Square on Aug. 7–8, Union Square on Aug. 9, and the Flatiron District on Aug. 10. It'll be open from noon to 7 p.m., all items will be under $100, and it will most likely sell out as soon as I arrive, so you should probably hurry.But! If you can't make it, Bluestar, the company that owns Limited Too and relaunched the brand in 2015, has an e-commerce deal with Amazon. That's right — you can get most of the looks from the comfort of your own couch. “Limited Too’s retail volume exceeds $150 million from product categories such as woven and knit dresses, denim shorts, ath-leisure sets, printed backpacks, bikinis and one-pieces, and footwear," said Ralph Gindi, the company's COO.Well, it's not quite as thrilling as dragging your mom in for back to school shopping at the mall, but it's still pretttttty great. BRB, off to spend my entire paycheck on glittery backpacks. From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She literally isn't plus size. Online retailer Boohoo is getting major heat on Twitter because of their plus size model choice. Here are some of their models:You might have noticed that these women do not look plus size and customers have started to take note as well. Those upset by the situation are commenting that these girls should be modeling straight size clothing and *actual* plus size women wearing the plus clothing. it really annoys me that the plus size model on the boohoo website is hardly even plus size !! 😠Anyone else majorly offended that this is a 'plus size' bikini on a 'plus size' model?!?!😱😤 no wonder girls think they are 'fat'. #boohoo pic.twitter.com/emNTfGKBpDBoohoo plus size models are actually so skinny how can they be classed as plus size 😭Was going to applaud @boohoo for using this gorgeous curvy woman, then I noticed that they actually consider her to be plus size. REALLY? pic.twitter.com/u62R8XSxV5Shook to the core at what Boohoo call 'plus size' models 🤥🤔This legit looks like my body, wanna call me plus size boohoo? I wear a 10/12, ridiculous - what a gorgeous woman #boohoo #fatshaming https://t.co/z0BRiOdIOYSurely it can't only be me who can't see the size difference between the plus and normal size models on boohoo? pic.twitter.com/8laz4eTYivNothing will ever annoy me as much as the fact that boohoo plus size models are NOT FUCKIN PLUS SIZEOn the Boohoo webiste, one of the plus models was even listed as being a size 6, which is a straight size.To make matters worse, some are also accusing Boohoo of implementing a "fat tax" – charging more money for plus size dresses than they charge for the same dress in a straight size. I spy with my little eye my dress a £2 additional charge for the plus size dress. Why the #fattax @boohoo? pic.twitter.com/Q4qry3U4eSWhy so blue? Because this @boohoo plus size dress IS FIVE WHOLE POUNDS more expensive than the main collection #fattax pic.twitter.com/0lCyq88atnHowever, brand reps told Seventeen.com that the size 6 label was a mistake and the model is actually a size 16. As for the "fat tax", they're working on it. "At boohoo we pride ourselves on our inclusivity and our ability to provide great fashion for all shapes and sizes. We have an abundance of talented females leading our workforce and being a company that empowers women is extremely important to us.""Unfortunately we recognize that the fashion industry can be perceived as 'sizeist', and there remains issues within product development processes and supply chains that can sometimes mean that larger clothes cost more money. We would never want someone to feel 'shamed' by a price difference in clothing and we are constantly working towards pricing parity where we can offer it."Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			What an unfortunate font selection...Today we have a lesson on the importance of careful font selection, brought to you by Belle Chic, an online boutique that is currently under fire for accidentally stocking a pro-Hitler tote bag. The bag has gone viral for bearing the words "my favorite color is Hitler" in sparkling letters.my fav colour is also hitler pic.twitter.com/0tMnOGpsOGLauren, "tell me why this bag says my favorite color is hitler? Oh wait, it says glitter."The tote is actually supposed to say "my favorite color is glitter," but due to a very unfortunate font choice, appears to have a Nazi slogan. In response to major internet backlash, the brand has updated the design on their site with a much clearer script. In tote bags and tattoos, always remember: font matters.UPDATED: 7/27/17 10:47 a.m. ETBelle Chic's chief marketing officer Matt Molen spoke to Seventeen.com and explained that the mishap "caught us completely by surprise.""It’s probably a situation of being too close to the item in question and knowing what it is intended to say (“My favorite color is glitter”), and not even imagining that it would be interpreted this way. In fact, we’ve sold this product for over a year and never received a comment about it," Molen said. "Having said that, we can definitely see how the font could be misinterpreted in a most disastrous way."Molen wants to reassure customers that this was a very unfortunate mistake and does not reflect the brand's beliefs in any way. "The type of abhorrent sentiment conveyed as part of the misinterpretation absolutely does not align with our company values, nor is it something we would ever want to encourage or support."Glad we got that settled, now let's go cover things in *glitter*. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Dolphins and tigers and UNICORNS, of course.Lisa Frank has always been the source for amazing rainbow and unicorn-filled accessories and clothes, and now the brand's linked up with Target for the pajama capsule collection of your teen dreams. The full sleepwear collection comes in a full range of sizes, and vary between two main styles: oversized sleep tees and adorable t-shirt and shorts sets. The prints range from the OG Lisa Frank animal portrait styles — featuring dolphins, tigers, and yes, unicorns — to more "subtle" (for Lisa Frank) prints. The whole collection practically smells like cotton candy and sunshine, and true to form, some pieces are already sold out online. Try your luck with all of the styles below:BUY NOW Women's Lisa Frank Sleep Shirt, Target, $5.90 - $14.99BUY NOW Women's Plus Size Lisa Frank Sleep Shirt, Target, $16.99BUY NOW Women's Lisa Frank Sleep Shirt, Target, $14.99BUY NOW Women's Plus Size Lisa Frank Sleep Shirt, Target, $16.99BUY NOW Women's Lisa Frank Sleep Shirt, Target, $14.99BUY NOW Women's Plus Size Lisa Frank Sleep Shirt, Target, $16.99BUY NOW Women's Lisa Frank Tee & Shorts Pajamas Set, Target, $17.99BUY NOW Women's Plus Size Lisa Frank Tee & Shorts Pajamas Set, $19.99BUY NOW Women's Lisa Frank Tee & Shorts Pajamas Set, Target, $17.99BUY NOW Women's Plus Size Lisa Frank Tee & Shorts Pajamas Set, $19.99Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			🔥🔥🔥Putting Cara Delevingne and Rihanna on one red carpet is a guarantee for some smoking hot fashion, and while Miss Cara stunned in a sparkling crystal capelet over a killer suit at the Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets London premiere, Miss Rih went guns blazing in a different direction:She did THAT. Rih's Giambattista Valli gown looks literally breath-taking, but the overall visual impact is undeniably BAM. Naturally, she matched her accessories and her makeup to the off-the-shoulder dress. And she was clearly Feeling her look: "eyes up here" 💋A post shared by  badgalriri (@badgalriri) on Jul 24, 2017 at 2:22pm PDT #VALERIAN premiere in London Town!!!! In theaters right now!!!! @lucbessonA post shared by  badgalriri (@badgalriri) on Jul 24, 2017 at 2:30pm PDT #VALERIAN #UKNavyA post shared by  badgalriri (@badgalriri) on Jul 24, 2017 at 2:34pm PDTA post shared by badgalriri (@badgalriri) on Jul 24, 2017 at 3:05pm PDTCara and Rih are co-stars in Valerian, and they've been dressing on a sort of future-fashion theme. While Cara's taking that to mean more experimental looks, Rihanna is going for tone-on-tone and killing it every time:Bow down to these fashion goddesses!Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Plus some boob tape.Cara Delevingne has made suits a style staple of her Valerian press tour—she's worn them in velvet:In tweed:And tonight, in the most sleek, low-cut iteration yet. Here Delevingne is on the blue carpet of Valerian's London premiere, wearing a jewel capelet along with a black, super tailored blazer and bottom by Burberry. No bra tonight, just the magic of boob tape and buttons keeping this look flawlessly together:Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			🔥🔥🔥Kylie Jenner set Twitter on fire Sunday by posting a particularly ~steamy~ selfie in a sheer yellow bralette. In true Kylie fashion, the mirror pic shows her posing in one of her favorite selfie positions in the lingerie, which she paired with black sweatpants. Very sexy!The post prompted this very apt response from one of Kylie's no. 1 fans:HOT AS HELL BABE pic.twitter.com/VzycPYtfMnBut this isn't the first time Kylie's made her bralette the focus of a picture. At this point, it seems like the concept of a shirt in general is pretty foreign to Kylie.A post shared by Kylie ✨ (@kyliejenner) on Jun 14, 2017 at 10:31am PDTA post shared by Kylie ✨ (@kyliejenner) on Jul 14, 2017 at 7:13pm PDT missin my pink hair 🐍A post shared by  Kylie ♥️ (@kyliejenner) on Jun 3, 2017 at 9:54pm PDTA post shared by Kylie ✨ (@kyliejenner) on Mar 14, 2017 at 3:26pm PDT 🎁A post shared by  Kylie ♥️ (@kyliejenner) on Dec 20, 2016 at 7:17pm PSTA post shared by Kylie ♥️ (@kyliejenner) on Nov 22, 2016 at 2:17pm PSTShirts. Who needs 'em?Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The 27-year-old actress has asked her fans to help her find a set of rings, one of which was given to her on her 18th birthday by her momDoes anyone else get that sickening feeling in their stomach when they have the sudden realization they may have lost a prized piece of jewelry or a favorite dress, and will then have to stay up the majority of the night searching and worrying about said treasure?Like Carrie Bradshaw when she lost that name necklace in Paris?Well, that's the exact kind of turmoil actress Emma Watson is going through at the moment, after posting an urgent appeal for fans to find three 'special' rings she lost at a London hotel on Sunday.Over the weekend, the 27-year-old took to Facebook to explain she left the meaningful pieces of silver jewelery in a safe at the Mandarin Oriental spa and forgot to pick them up when she left. On returning to find the rings she found they were gone, despite security's efforts to find them. The Beauty And The Beast star revealed her mother bought one of the rings (on the far left of the above photo) the day after she was born and gave it to her on her 18th birthday."Were these just any rings I could accept this, but one of them was a gift from my Mum.""I wear this ring every day, it is my most meaningful and special possession," she added. The Harry Potter star asked fans: "If anyone was at the Mandarin Oriental Spa on Sunday from 3pm onwards and saw the rings or accidentally picked them up or knows anything about them, I cannot express how much it would mean to me if they came back to me - no questions asked."Grab your wands guys, we're off to find those rings! Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: ELLE UK		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It legit looks like a cheese (nipple) grater. Last night, Cara Delevingne attended the Hollywood premiere of her new movie Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets wearing a silver dress straight out of a sci-fi dream. That's right, move over, Princess Leia in the gold bikini, there's a new metallic sheriff in town. The dress, created by Dutch designer Iris van Herpen for her latest couture show in Paris, doesn't just look like metal, it actually is metal — huge pieces of cut and twisted metal that have been molded to fit a human body. Or maybe they are wires wrapped around a frame of more wires. It's hard to say for sure. The point is, this is a metal dress with what look like tons of very sharp edges pressed against very soft skin, and if that doesn't give you the willies at least a little bit, then you must be a surgeon or some kind of inhuman cyborg. Upon closer inspection, it is obvious that the dress is lined in a fine, skin-toned mesh. That's comforting. At least Cara has something between her body and that bouquet of razor-blades she's wearing. How is she supposed to sit through a movie in that dress though? There's no way, right? And what if she has to go to the bathroom? You can't exactly scrunch a dress like that up around your waist and pop a squat, can you? I wonder if this dress comes with a pair of wire cutters in case you need to make a speedy exit? Probably not. In that case you probably just have to stand there and accept your fate. Bless you, Cara. You brave, brave soul, you.BTW, here are some metallic dresses for you to shop. You know, in case Cara's bold choice has inspired you to make a bold choice of your own. Metallics are cool. You'd look totes cool in one of these. Silver Sequin Dress, RIVER ISLAND (Available at ASOS), $44BUY NOWFollow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I think I'm in love.If your plain canvas sneakers started looking a little boring after the "back at 'em again with the white Vans!" novelty wore off, give them a sparkly upgrade. Using glitter, paint, and a little bit of tape, you can transform your kicks from "Damn Daniel" to Disco Unicorn in ten minutes flat. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's nastier than her Instagram makes it look. I usually think of myself as dressing to the beat of my own drum, but when it comes to Kylie Jenner, I'm basically that girl from Mean Girls. So when I saw Kylie wearing clear plastic booties, I had to have a pair. Instead of duping King Kylie's totally clear shoes, I went with a black-trimmed version from Love Culture – the darker tint just felt a little more my style. 🍔🍔🍔A post shared by  Kelsey Stiegman (@klstieg) on Feb 25, 2017 at 8:08am PSTMy outfit looked fierce and I even threw in Kylie's signature "vague arm raise." (Told you, I'm a stan.) But contrary to what my carefully filtered Instagram suggests, the reality of these see-through shoes was not even remotely glamorous.Unlike Cinderella and her clear glass slippers, my transparent booties didn't glide on with the first attempt. Or the second or third. See, you can't wear socks because ~fashion,~ and the tough plastic sticks to skin. So I had to lube up my feet with the thickest body butter I could find. Only then did the shoes slide into place. From there, I thought it would be smooth sailing, but I was in for a repulsive surprise. What the flawless streetstyle pics of Kylie don't tell you is that a few minutes in, these futuristic shoes start looking like the car scene from Titanic: steamy and moist.All that heat trying to escape from my feet got trapped in the confines of these lucite booties, basically turning them into shoe-shaped greenhouses – steamy, moist and probably great for growing moss.Granted, my shoes came with holes poked in the sides for ventilation, but the pinpricks (and peep toes) were no match for the sweaty condensation building up near my lower extremities. By the end of the day, my feet looked more like the rainforest enclosure at the zoo than the modern Cinderella/billionaire reality star vibe I was going for. The steamy experience initially left me feeling like I'd failed Kylie and myself (and Cinderella and Rose from Titanic somehow?). I later learned that I'm not the only one who's caught a case of swamp foot from this trend. Tons of other people across the internet have been slipping and sliding in fogged-up booties, then sharing the proof on Twitter.Feet steaming up like some snow crab legs pic.twitter.com/4SjjV4CAEVmy clear boots are steamy on the insideThose clear Yeexy boots are cute (to me). Can't do it, feet get warm and shoes start to look like a steam room I am NOT fixin to play with y'all... #perspexboots #perspex #clear #clearshoes #clearboots #boots #booties #trend #BourgeoisGurlSaidIt #BOURGEOISGURL #BourgeoisGurlMU #perspexboots #transparent #luciteA post shared by  Jessica W. Leonard, MM (@bourgeoisgurl) on Sep 30, 2016 at 7:22pm PDTi wish I could wear my clear boots more but they steam up :(I thought about retiring my transparent shoes, but if Kylie can live with steamy feet, so can I. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			First day outfit: ✔️ Basically the only good thing about summer break ending is all the back to school shopping you get to do for the new semester. Get a jump on that "Best Dressed" superlative you've been working towards with these epic deals under $30. V-Neck Pullover, $25, NordstromRing Drop Post Earring, $19, NordstromAsymmetrical Ruffle Tee, $23, NordstromLeadcat Logo Slide Sandal, $26, NordstromLace Bralette, $25, NordstromMetallic Faux Leather Baseball Cap, $16, Nordstrom3-Stripes Tee, $22, NordstromSugar Lip Romance Set, $26, NordstromHeritage Plaid Blanket Wrap, $30, NordstromMidnight Garden Set, $29, NordstromMoto Washed Cotton Blend Leggings, $30, NordstromBoyfriend Watch, $16, Nordstrom'Gotta Have It' V-Neck Tee, $19, NordstromMini Lip Gloss Set, $28, NordstromBell Sleeve Knit Dress, $30, NordstromThe Blonde Cold Shoulder Sweatshirt, $30, NordstromAssorted 3-Pack Ankle Socks, $16, NordstromCrushed Velour Tee, $23, NordstromBrushed Hacci Jogger Pants, $30, NordstromPlus Size Spark Sports Bra, $28, Nordstrom		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			*insert unicorn emoji here*<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/ddSwcHVnxjk" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>WARNING: These outfits may cause spontaneous unicorn horn growth. Wear at own risk. Clockwise: Hope Tie Dye Oversized Mesh Tee, $30, Boohoo; Clara White Unicorn Headband, $10, Boohoo; Metal Drink Bottle, $21, Typo; Faye Star Sequin Fray Hem Denim Shorts, $26, Boohoo; Spur Sneaker, $79, Betsey JohnsonClockwise: Charlotte Cold Shoulder Top, Cotton On; Metallic Rose Cat Eye Sunnies, $15, ban.do; Kitsch Must Have Mini Phone Crossbody, $88, Betsey Johnson; Charm Keyring, $7, Typo; The Ripped Mini Denim Skirt, $15, Cotton On; Champion Originals, $40, KedsClockwise: Unicorn iPhone Case, $15, American Eagle; Denim x Jegging Crop, $40, American Eagle; Boogie Daze Bomber Jacket, $99, ban.do; Flower Power Pin, $10, Hayley Elsaesser; Rainbow Pin, $15, ban.do; Cheeky Cherry Pin, $9, Hayley Elsaesser; Will You Accept This Rose Pin, $10, ban.do; The Edit by Seventeen Blah Cold Shoulder Top, $17, Macy'sClockwise: Tough Girl Blush Vegan Leather Moto Jacket, $102, Lulu's; Ruffle Off-the-Shoulder Romper, $37, American Eagle; Silver Bib Necklace, Lulu's; Under The Rainbow Crossbody, $128, Free PeopleClockwise: Essential Cap, $6, Cotton On; Alice Star Print Sweat + Jogger Set, $35, Boohoo; Lilac Lense Sunglasses, American Eagle; Pink Culottes, T.J. Maxx; Patched Slip-On Sneaker, $14, American Eagle Clockwise: Flats, Betsey Johnson; Denim x Hi-Rise Jegging, $20, American Eagle; Sequin Cami Top, $34, ASOS; Sunshine & Silver Collar, $48, Free People; New Image Gold Clutch, $33, Lulu'sFollow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			And it's cute af. Furthering the fight for diversity and acceptance, American Eagle has begun selling a (majorly cute) hijab. The denim design first showed up on the beautiful head of 19-year-old hijabi model Halima Aden in AE's fall campaign. The internet is currently freaking out over the empowering ads, praising American Eagle for selling hijabs. American Eagle released a hijab!!! pic.twitter.com/3HoEHzTpBFIn response to the positivity, Halima took to Instagram to thank the brand "for encouraging young America to follow their passions, express their individuality, and pursue their unique paths." Thank you @americaneagle for encouraging young America to follow their passions, express their individuality, and pursue their unique paths.  #Ican movement ✨ @trey.laird @cassblackbirdA post shared by  Halima (@halima) on Jul 10, 2017 at 8:09am PDTShe also wrote: "[American Eagle] makes me proud because I stand for acceptance, making a positive difference in this world and encouraging my peers to be chase down their dreams." Being part of the #Ican movement with @americaneagle makes me proud because I stand for acceptance, making a positive difference in this world and encouraging my peers to be chase down their dreams .. ❤️ @Cassblackbird @trey.lairdA post shared by  Halima (@halima) on Jul 6, 2017 at 8:00am PDTThe hijab has already sold out online, but hopefully it will be back soon. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Is it acceptable to run out in my socks to get a difference size?Fitting rooms: the necessary evil that comes along with shopping. We all use them, or get forced to by our moms, but no one really likes doing it. Here are the worst fitting room things that we've all dealt with in the name of ~*fashion*~. 1. When the fitting room is roughly the size of Harry Potter's closet under the stairs. It's so small you can barely move and you keep bumping your elbows on the walls. 2. When the sales associate tells you that you can only take 6 pieces in with you. Come on, can't we bend the rules just this once? Pleeeeeease?3. Trying to sneak your BFF in the fitting room with you. But then getting caught, so you're forced to try things on at separate ends of the fitting room area. 4. Then having to yell down the hall at your BFF to come out and look at your outfit. And the people waiting in line give you side eye for screaming in a public place. 5. Having to run across the store barefoot to get another size. Because the fitting room attendant went MIA.6. When the fitting rooms are locked and you can't find a single sales associate to open it for you. How do they run a store with literally no employees!?7. Accidentally wearing a dress. So then when you try on a top you have to just ~imagine~ what it would look like with actual pants. 8. Taking an hour to decide between the maroon and navy versions of the same top, because your bestie isn't there to help you. Shopping alone is the worst. 9. Trying on pants. If it requires you to take off your shoes, you'll probably just rethink the purchase all together. 10. When the sales associate says she likes what you're wearing but you're not sure if she's being honest. Is it rude to ask if she makes commission? That's the only way you can be sure if she's telling the truth....11. When the fitting room has terrible lighting. So you can't tell if you like the skirt, because you can't really see it. 12. Or it's hotter than a thousand burning suns. GET ME OUT OF HERE.13. Having to bring 49 different sizes to the fitting room, because you've never shopped at that store before. Since there are literally no regulations on sizing, you have no idea how that size 8 is really going to turn out. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"It's SUMMER. Get over it."Grab a firm hold of your seat, because this scandal is about to blow you away: Ariel Winter wore shorts. Because it's summer time.And it's hot out.THE HORROR!Unfortunately, some gross people on the internet do not share the same very sarcastic view on the matter and have chosen to bash Ariel for wearing standard summertime clothing. *eye roll*If history has taught us anything, it's that one should never, under any circumstances, come for Ariel Winter. So in response, the Modern Family star did what she does best: standing up against those trying to shame young women. She posted a rant on Twitter shutting down comments that she's "squeezing" into her shorts.Rant pic.twitter.com/ZjrK4x7qrUNow, if you can STAND to look at photographic evidence of these infamous shorts, let's watch Ariel slay.  First #stampede with the lovely Meaden family 💖A post shared by  ARIEL WINTER (@arielwinter) on Jul 9, 2017 at 11:21am PDT Coachella '17 feat. Bacon Llama & Cher #fbf #tbA post shared by  ARIEL WINTER (@arielwinter) on Apr 28, 2017 at 1:43pm PDT Dog Years...#Tribeca2017...OH MY GODDDD😍A post shared by  ARIEL WINTER (@arielwinter) on Mar 5, 2017 at 3:28pm PSTFollow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Baz Luhrmann will direct the campaign.Erdem is officially the latest brand to team up with H&M. London-based designer Erdem Moralıoğlu is bringing his romantic silhouettes and prints to the fast-fashion retailer with new women's apparel and his first-ever menswear collection. The capsule will "reinterpret the design themes from some of his most celebrated collections," according to a press release. "I am so happy to collaborate with H&M, and to explore my work on a whole new scale, including a menswear collection which I have never done before. It's also such a thrill to work with Baz Luhrmann, one of the most important storytellers of our time," the designer said in a release. Erdem is the newest addition to the slew of brands tapped by H&M, following Kenzo in 2016, Balmain in 2015, and Alexander Wang in 2014. The collaborations for this project aren't only fashion-based. H&M also poached renowned filmmaker Baz Luhrmann (Moulin Rouge!, The Great Gatsby) to direct the campaign. The brand has plucked similar talent in the past; last year's ads were photographed by Jean-Paul Goude."For me, fashion is always about more than just clothing, it is a form of expression – a standalone art form," Luhrmann said in a statement.Erdem x H&M will be premiere on November 2 at select H&M stores and online at hm.com. Get a preview of the collection in the Luhrmann-directed teaser trailer below. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Harper's BAZAAR US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			$20,000 for a Zinger-shaped meteorite? Why not?!In "dreams really do come true" news, you can now wear your love of Colonel Sanders (and his famous drumsticks) on your sleeve. This week, Kentucky Fried Chicken launched KFC Ltd., an online collection of "quality fried chicken apparel and limited-edition goods.""KFC and Colonel Sanders have been American pop culture icons for more than 70 years," Steve Kelly, KFC U.S. director of media and digital, said in a press release. "Our fans were craving a way to embrace the fried chicken lifestyle, and KFC Ltd. gives them the opportunity to let their colonel flag fly."While the line of KFC-inspired merch starts at $8 for a pair of socks that they claim will "add a pop of drumstick to any ensemble," the line gets increasingly more outlandish from there.For example, you can buy this 400-year-old meteorite (like, actually from space) that's been carved into the shape of a Zinger chicken sandwich for $20,000. It's one of a kind, so if you want need this in your life, act fast?At just $12, this gold-plated necklace is a much more reasonable choice where your wallet is concerned. But we're not quite sure how we feel about having the phrase "Finger Lickin' Good" dangling above our chests.We would, however, have no problem at all wearing this vintage-inspired yellow sweatshirt that shouts "FRIED CHICKEN USA" to the office. While the $76 price point is probably a bit much for a sweatshirt, we love it anyway.Did you fall in love with Colonel Sanders after reading the KFC romance novella Tender Wings of Desire? No? Well, just in case here's your chance to spend the night staring into the Colonel's dreamy eyes.We're not going to lie — we're totally obsessed with this tiny little drumstick pattern.Just saying ... an 8x10 print of mashed potatoes and gravy would really complete that gallery wall you've been working on in your living room.See the full KFC Ltd. collection here.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Delish US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			GIGI HADID IS AN OUTFIT REPEATER!The greatest fear of any practicing fashionista is that someone will comment those fateful words on her perfectly candid OOTD: "outfit repeater." Style stars will do anything in their power to never ever hear those words, but apparently Gigi Hadid has reached such a high level of fabulousness that she's immune to such lowly problems. How do I know? She basically wore the exact same outfit six days apart. Here's the proof:Gigi stepped out in an outfit so cute, that I immediately went against every human instinct and rocked white from head to toe (it was successful mission, btw – not a drop was spilled on my pristine white pants). The supermodel wore a white tee, bell bottoms with bondage detailing, a teeny purse, gold chains, and vintage-y shades. Not even a week later, she did it again – this time in black. Once again, G wore a tank, bell bottoms with bondage detailing, a tiny bag, layered necklaces, and retro sunnies. The deja vu is strong. My only question is: Does this mean outfit repeating is okay for the rest of us now? Someone ask Kate Sanders. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Plus, the brand is now selling denim hijabs!Halima Aden, a.k.a. the gorgeous Muslim model who made waves at last February's New York Fashion Week and has since landed major magazine covers, now has a starring role in American Eagle's latest campaign. In it, she wears a denim hijab, and smiles from ear to ear in her braces. It's stunning, incredibly relevant, and at the same time totally endearing. Take a look.People have praised both American Eagle and Halima since the #WeAllCan Fall 2017 ads came out — especially since the hijab she wears in the campaign is now formally for sale. "Halima Aden done brought a HIJAB to AMERICAN EAGLE y'all!! A HIJAB ! Not a "scarf"! Pls don't tell me she's not changing the world," one Twitter user aptly summed up her thoughts.BUY NOW Denim Hijab in Dark Indigo, AMERICAN EAGLE OUTFITTERS, $20Sister brand Aerie has been a pioneer in inclusive, unretouched images. This is a natural next step for American Eagle, who has clearly realized how important representation can be.From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It was the first time being objectified made me feel good.You may have noticed a look sweeping the red carpets that can only be described as "original poster for the 1995 film Showgirls." The sky-high slit is in, most notably worn by Bella Hadid on multiple recent occasions, and often paired with fabric or cuts that make it easy for that slit to fly open. And, Hadid and the rest keep making headlines for their revealing "wardrobe malfunctions" when the slit moves just a teensy bit to the side. Is it possible to avoid flashing, or is that just what these dresses do?I wanted to see whether a "wardrobe malfunction" was inevitable in a dress like this. Also, let's face it, the high-slit is sexy as hell. But walking around midtown Manhattan with my vulva just one gust-of-wind-from-a-passing-bus away from the world was a nerve-wracking prospect. Also, I'm not an idiot. I recognize that dresses like this are not designed to be practical for everyday use. But presumably anyone wearing them to an event would still have to do things like descend stairs, sit down in public view, use their legs to propel themselves forward, or exist in the presence of wind.As soon as I tried on the dress, from Michelle Mason, I knew I was in over my head. I had not accounted for the equally low back, or the smooth, silky fabric that showed every body ripple. I had to borrow silicone nipple covers to avoid seeming fully nude (shout out to the ELLE.com office for being the type of place where multiple people have silicone nipple covers in their desks). Oh, and I got my period that morning, so I was at my most bloated and most at risk for underwear disasters. Fantastic.I started off doing what many stars of the silver screen do in these dresses—posing. Inside, it wasn't so bad. Sitting at my desk, I had full control over the slit, and even if it started riding a little high, I could always roll under my desk.Outside, though, this quickly turned into a fraught endeavor. Sitting, I couldn't keep my legs open (obviously), but crossing them made the satin-y fabric slip to one side, revealing enough of my thigh that it might legally have been my ass at that point. Add to that that I decided to have some iced coffee. I thought of taking Bella's advice and eating ice cream in the dress, but the dress was borrowed, and I forgot to bring a Lactaid.Posing standing wasn't much easier. I remembered Bella standing awkwardly in this style by lifting one side of her skirt. It was very dramatic when I first tried, but a breeze soon decided that it was time for me to be nude from the waist down in full view of anyone watching (it was a warm day in Central Park, so a lot of people were watching). It takes a lot to turn heads in New York City, and most days I live my life with the comfort that I can go about my business with a sort of public anonymity. It's what lets me cry on the subway with such ease. But now I was, physically and emotionally, exposed. Walking was even harder. Even if there wasn't wind to contend with, trying to walk at my normal New York pace made my skirt blow backwards, prying the slit apart to reveal my thong in the front. I tried walking slower, but it was still an issue. Honestly, is there a way to wear this dress without a wardrobe malfunction? Because I'm running out of options.Stairs were completely out of the question. Anyone walking up toward me was in for a full crotch shot.I was getting a little nervous at this point, because all the while I noticed some men leering, and one made a comment about my body. I expected that to happen, because I've lived through 30 New York City summers and have gotten much worse from men (like the infamous Man Rubbing His Erection Into My Thigh On The 1 Train experience of 2012), but the looks and whispers started to make my silly endeavor feel a little more shameful. I normally have no problem in revealing clothing (as my decision to even embark on this ridiculous task proves). I'm here for low cut tops and booty shorts and never worry if I let a nip slip on the beach. But the stares and smiles and lingering the dress inspired suddenly made me very aware of my body, and in that moment, made me wish it didn't exist. But before I could run back to my office to throw on an oversized sweatshirt and let my heart rate slow down, women came to my rescue. By catcalling me. Standing on the sidewalk, I heard a woman call out "Oooh, look at those legs, girl!" Later, another one simply said "you look amazing." Four or five times, women called out compliments, and it completely boosted my self-esteem.It's weird to think that the same behavior that shut me down coming from men could lift me up coming from women, but there's gender dynamics for you. Catcalling may be inspired by attraction, but it's about power. When a man catcalls a woman he's enforcing generations of men wielding power over women, letting you know that he's watching, he's assessed your body, and he could take it if he wanted. Even if that's not his intention, the entire history of gender relations puts it in that context. It's weird to think that the same behavior that shut me down coming from men could lift me up coming from women, but there's gender dynamics for you.The women catcalling me probably weren't doing it out of sexual attraction, but even if they were, their comments inherently had a different tone. We are on an equal playing field. To be frank, no matter what a woman shouts at me, I'm never afraid she's going to follow me home and kill me. Instead, their comments reminded me that while, yes, this dress was going to get me stares, they weren't trying to claim ownership. My body was mine. The street was ours. I didn't have to let men claim the right to public space. I have decided that there is no such thing as a "wardrobe malfunction" when it comes to the super high slit. This is how these dresses are designed to function, and anyone who wears them on a red carpet knows exactly what they're doing. After all, what's the risk of a cooch shot when the ones of your bare thigh are so incredible? We all make sacrifices. Follow Seventeen on Instagram!From: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			MILLENNIAL PINK!??Admit it: when you bought your first pair of Adidas Stan Smiths, you basically forgot you have a closet full of shoes. It was love at first sight and those bad boys have been on repeat ever since. You love everything about them: their chic, sporty look, the simplicity of the all-white design.They've got a delicious pop of color on the back.And they go with literally anything. But all of that's about to change. Adidas just released the new Stan Smith design and it's nothing like the original sneakers – no laces, no leather, no classic white finish that you can destroy on your first wear. The only thing that remains from the iconic design is the tab in the back, which still (thank god) reads Stan Smith. Once you get over the shock of it all, they're actually pretty cute (and they look comfy as eff). The New Stan Smiths haven't dropped in the US yet, so you've still got some time to spend with your favorite shoes before they're inevitably replaced by this new millennial pink version. I suggest you take them out for a stroll and savor the time you have left. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Big savings = a bigger shopping budget. Amazon Prime Day isn't all about tech gadgets! Get one step closer to your dream closet with these seriously good deals on dresses, running shoes, undies, and more. To save you time from sorting through hundreds of items, we made a list with the best finds in fashion on sale now. Amazon Prime Day isn't all about tech gadgets! Get one step closer to your dream closet with these seriously good deals on dresses, running shoes, undies, and more. To save you time from sorting through hundreds of items, we made a list with the best finds in fashion on sale now.Up to 50% off (originally $36) BUY NOWPajamas are one of those things we all like to get, but hate spending money on. Here's your chance to scoop up some new sleepwear at an insanely good price, like this cute two-piece set with pompom trim. A nightgown version is available, too. Up to 50% off (originally from $16) BUY NOWGive your lingerie drawer an update without spending tons of cash. This lightly padded bralette is perfect for layering under breezy summer tops or wearing with pajamas when lounging at home. Multiple colors are available, so you'll definitely want to scoop up a few at this special price.Up to 60% off (originally $60) BUY NOWUp your fitness game with a selection of athletic shoes that are up to 60% off. These sleek mesh sneakers by Puma will look just as good at the gym as they will in class (we won't tell if you skip the workout altogether).Up to 50% off (originally $25) BUY NOWThis lace top is already well-priced, so it's a total steal with the additional Prime Day savings! Wear it alone with jeans and heels on date night, or to a dinner with friends, and then layer it with a blazer for a cute look that's also internship-appropriate. Black, blue, and green colors are available, too. Up to 50% off (originally $40) BUY NOWDare to bare! This sundress is right on trend with a flirty off-the-shoulder neckline. It's also figure-flattering with a fit-and-flare silhouette, and it's easy to take from day to night just by switching up your accessories. Choose from stripes, black, navy, pink, or white. Up to 50% off (originally $85) BUY NOWBring on the boho vibes with this ethereal maxi dress. It's a beautiful and effortless choice for a chill shopping trip or a bonfire on the beach. Try styling it with flat lace-up sandals and espadrilles wedges for two slightly different looks. Up to 60% off (originally from $33) BUY NOWEveryone needs at least one pair of iconic Levis in their closet. Now it's more affordable than ever! You can't go wrong with a classic cut like these mid-rise skinny jeans. They come in tons of washes, from light to dark, but we especially like the fresh look of all-white. 30% off (originally from $22) BUY NOWYou don't have to be a fitness fanatic to get tons of use from this Under Armour shirt. The highly rated, lightweight design is great for layering when the temperatures drop. Slip it on for a chilly-morning run or a comfy night on the couch. Up to 50% off (originally $18) BUY NOWIs there such thing as too much underwear? We don't think so. Take advantage of Prime Day savings, and stock up on these lacy hipster panties. They come in convenient packs of three, and they'll go perfectly with your new bralettes. Up to 50% off (originally $45) BUY NOWIf you're asking yourself, "Do I really need another sundress?" the answer is yes, yes you do. This one is just too good to pass up! It can be worn casually with flat sandals, and then dressed up with strappy heels for a summer wedding. Get ready for all the compliments that'll come your way. $153 (originally $255) BUY NOWA watch is an essential part of any wardrobe, but this one does way more than just keep track of time. The touchscreen display alerts you to incoming messages, connects to your music accounts (Spotify, iTunes, and more), and records steps. A built-in microphone even lets you control it through voice commands. From: BestProducts		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Ready, set, shop! 🙆The Black Friday of summer is here, but not for long! Yes, that's right, Amazon Prime Day (the day you've all been waiting for) is finally here, and now's the time to shop all the jaw-dropping deals on tech gadgets, appliances, housewares, fashion, and more. Now stop reading and start saving — we mean, shopping! The Black Friday of summer is here, but not for long! Yes, that's right, Amazon Prime Day (the day you've all been waiting for) is finally here, and now's the time to shop all the jaw-dropping deals on tech gadgets, appliances, housewares, fashion, and more. Now stop reading and start saving — we mean, shopping!$35 (originally $50), amazon.com BUY NOWWith the same functions of the Amazon Echo, the Echo Dot is perfect for your tiny dorm. Up to 50% off (originally from $16) BUY NOWGive your underwear drawer an update without spending tons of cash. This lightly padded bralette is perfect for layering under breezy summer tops or wearing with pajamas when lounging at home. Multiple colors are available, so you'll definitely want to scoop up a few at this special price.🔥  30% off with the code NEW2LUXPD17 for new members only (originally $129) BUY NOWFYI: This is the actual curling iron they use BTS at Victoria's Secret fashion shows. Do we need to say anything else? This deal is unheard of, and we're signing up for Prime to get it before we can even finish this roundup! Hello, sexy waves and curls! Up to 35% off (originally $25) BUY NOWThis all-over trimmer is a pretty pink shade, so you can still feel perky even when you're getting rid of unwanted body hairs. From your bikini to your pits, this little tool will be your new BFF for the times when your skin is showing! originally $55 (30% off) BUY NOWStore all your gear in this sporty backpack that's both functional and cool. Under Armour's backpack has more pockets than we can count, including a soft, lined laptop sleeve.🔥  Up to 40% off for new members only (originally $17 for pack of three) BUY NOWYou'll never look like a hot mess again. Save serious bucks on this three-pack of Batiste dry shampoo. It's the brand we ladies love to reach for when our roots are just a little too oily for filters to fix on Instagram. $22 (originally $36) BUY NOWPump up the volume this Prime Day with this budget-friendly Bluetooth speaker. The device has a range of up to 30 feet, and it includes a built-in microphone for hands-free calls. Plus, it has an impressive 15-hour battery life for those parties that you don't want to end. 30% off with the code NEW2LUXPD17 for new members only  (originally $42) BUY NOWGo golden with this discounted (but quality!) self-tanner by St. Tropez. This stuff will give you a legit glow for a special occasion or a special pair of short shorts! $50 (originally $80) BUY NOWGet all your textbooks in one place with this all-new HD Fire Tablet. It has more storage than ever, so you won't have to worry about not having enough space. Choose from millions of apps to download that'll help you with productivity and even let you play games or stream your favorite shows during "study breaks." 30% off with the code NEW2LUXPD17 for new members only (originally $23) BUY NOWUgh, give us more! This illuminating bronzer will pep up your skin from drab to glowy. Use it on your cheeks, shoulders, or just about anywhere you feel like. We approve!30% off with the code "NEW2LUXPD17" for new members only (originally $9) BUY NOWGive your eyelashes a little squeeze to pump them up for a sexy look. Eyelash extensions are on trend right now, but if you don't have them, you can get a similar effect by pumping your natural ones up with this. Up to 60% off (originally $60) BUY NOWUp your fitness game with a selection of athletic shoes that are up to 60% off. These sleek mesh sneakers by Puma will look just as good at the gym as they will in class (we won't tell if you skip the workout altogether).30% off with the code NEW2LUXPD17 for new members only (originally $44) BUY NOWThis palette is a bit more luxe, but the discount makes it affordable for all of us. Snatch this up before time runs out for an eyeshadow palette that you'll love depending on — for your next date night or girls' night out. $15 (originally $20)  BUY NOWGet all your gadgets charged up at once with this AmazonBasics USB wall charger that lets you plug in up to four devices at once. 🔥  Up to 36% off for new members only (originally $8)BUY NOWGet camera-ready (OK, class-ready) with this classic strobing liquid that'll highlight your cheekbones. You might think it won't make much of  a difference, but think again — once you start strobing, it's hard to ever go back to skipping it.🔥  30% off with the code NEW2LUXPD17 for new members only (originally $23)  BUY NOWWe can't believe this Stila concealer is actually part of Amazon Prime Day. All Prime members get a discount. The creamy, full-coverage concealer will help you kiss your under-eye circles and bags goodbye! $105 (originally $150) BUY NOWEnjoy pod-free single-serve or carafe-style hot or iced coffee in your dorm all year long with the Ninja Coffee Bar Coffee Maker. Choose from customized brews like classic, rich, iced, or even specialty. If you're taking your cup to go, just choose the travel-mug-sized option, and off you go! Enjoy 30% off with this killer deal.Up to 22% off for new members only  (originally $14) BUY NOWWowza! With over 2,000 positive (like, REALLY positive) reviews on Amazon, you can snatch your own bottle of Puracy body wash at a discounted rate. We're obsessed with the citrus and sea salt scent. $100 (originally $180), amazon.com BUY NOWYou know you want one. Alexa will be your little study buddy to answer any quick questions you have while writing your term papers or studying for exams. Besides Alexa's endless knowledge, she'll play you all your favorite songs and playlists, order your groceries, and more. Up to 10% off (originally $14 for set of 15) BUY NOWYes! This is by far the coolest nail-file-and-buffer set we've ever seen. Each item is super cute. It's perfect for sharing with your sisters and friends, or just keeping them all for yourself — we won't tell. $20 (originally $35) BUY NOWSmall but mighty, this Bluetooth wireless speaker is perfect for any student. Throw it in your bag to use wherever you are. Hook up your laptop, tablet, or phone and blast your tunes with great sound quality. The best part? It's shockproof and waterproof, so don't worry if you drop it or get it wet.30% off with the code NEW2LUXPD17 for new members only  (originally $20)BUY NOWStock up on this mascara that'll make your lashes seem way fuller than they actually are. This option by Japonesque is the perfect mascara to use right before a night out!30% off with the code NEW2LUXPD17 for new members only (originally $7) BUY NOWGive yourself a spritz of this aloe and rosewater facial spray for a moment of total rejuvenation. Whether you spray midday or after you remove your makeup, you'll get totally addicted to the way it feels. Save big (originally $350) BUY NOWCheck "laptop" off your back to school shopping list! The Acer Aspire E Series laptops are handily among the best budget-friendly offerings out there. You'll be able to get a discount on a well-equipped model with a 15.5-inch Full HD display, seventh-generation Intel Core i3 processor, backlit keyboard, and up to a rather impressive 12 hours of battery life. 🔥  Up to 40% off for new members only  BUY NOWAlso from the brand Puracy is a discount on its natural sulfate-free shampoo. If you perk up your hair with dye or generally just prefer sulfate-free hair cleansers, you don't want to miss out on this deal. Up to 14% off (originally $7) BUY NOWBlend, baby, blend! How does a girl truly contour without a blending sponge she can rely on? We love that this one by Pinkzio is discounted for Prime Day. (Thanks, Amazon!) Up to 30% off (originally $29) BUY NOWSlide some of this siren lip shine over your pout! We love that it has SPF 35, so there's no need to apply your SPF separate from your color. $145 (originally $170) BUY NOWThis Brother MFC-J985DW Inkjet All-in-One printer is one of the best in its class. It's perfect for printing out long midterm papers and it'll even automatically order ink from Amazon when it starts running low (while you grab a between-class nap).Up to 30% off (originally $15) BUY NOWGrab this blue eyeliner before it sells out on sale! Blue eyeliner makes the white part of your eyes look whiter, and you'll love the effect it has in photos. From: BestProducts		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's a ringer tank that spells out "WOLVES."Of all the '70s-inspired looks Selena Gomez sported in the "Bad Liar" video, the most covetable might be the simplest — a ringer tank top that spells out "WOLVES" across the chest in red and gold letters. Sporty, simple, ridiculously cute, done. And now, it's available for purchase. Selena's online shop sells the tank for $25. It's available in sizes small through extra-large and can be pre-ordered now (Sel will ship them on or around July 12). FYI: they're not *exactly* the same shirts Selena wore in the music video, although they're a pretty darn accurate replica. The actual tank top Selena wore in the "Bad Liar" gym scenes was the $7 Contrast Trim Tank Top from Forever 21 with letters ironed on by costume designer Keri Perkins. So if you don't feel like splurging $25 on the official merch, you can make your own!Hannah Orenstein is the assistant features editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Twitter and Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It includes an invisibility cloak. And no, it's not actually invisible.It includes an invisibility cloak. And no, it's not actually invisible.$60 BUY NOW$65 BUY NOW$84 BUY NOW$53 BUY NOWWhat flavor jell$84 BUY NOW$98 BUY NOW$84 BUY NOW$68 BUY NOW$84 BUY NOW$45 BUY NOWFrom: BestProducts		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			🍒🍊🍇🍋🍓🍍🍑🍐🍉🍎🍌No matter what the season, I always wear black toenail polish. But I know that most folks who regularly do their nails switch out colors depending on the season. And as first spotted by Allure, these fresh fruit nails are maybe the most summer-appropriate beauty trend.Some of these nails look like IRL Lilly Pulitzer prints; some look like Pinterest-ready fruit drinks that just feel refreshing through the screen, y'know? The next time you head to your local salon or tackle your next at-home nail design, keep these pics for some serious #nailspiration:From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's covered in sequins.Kristen Stewart can always pull off outfits that many of us couldn't — and the sequined ensemble she wore to the Chanel couture show is no different. The actor turned up to see the new collection in Paris wearing a strapless jumpsuit that was covered in sequins, and ended just below the knee. The takeaway? Tube tops and capri pants are back in style, like it's the nineties.Stewart kept her accessorizing to a minimum in order to let the sequined tube jumpsuit take center stage, teaming it with a pair of black pointed court shoes and circular shades. Her buzzcut featured platinum frosted tips and her make-up was, as usual, pared back. Stewart is no stranger to trying out a daring look. Although she is one of the few women who could make a skintight disco catsuit look quite so spectacular at 11 in the morning, the trend is certainly one that we can see creeping back.Trust Kristen Stewart to bring back even more nineties trends we didn't know we needed, until now.From: Harper's BAZAAR UK		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			For all you guys living that DIY life. I know it's easy to go to a store and buy a new clothes, but where's the fun in that?! If you're a DIY kind of person, you'd probably much rather put old clothes to use than spend money. Bonus? You'll be able to brag to your friends that you made your outfit.So with that, I give you three super-easy (and super-quick) ways to make your own crop top with stuff you definitely already have: leggings, a button-down, a scarf, and scissors. That's literally all you do. I told you these were easy.Follow Seventeen on Instagram.From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			This solves a huge problem with online shopping.In case you didn't know, Amazon is taking over the world (the company just bought Whole Foods, after all) — and now, they're about to solve one of the biggest problems with online clothes-shopping: buying something you haven't tried on.The company's new initiative, Prime Wardrobe, allows you to shop online from Prime-verified retailers, ship three or more items to your doorstep, and pay only for the clothing you keep. You have seven days to give back the rest, using a prepaid return label — and if you keep three to four pieces from your shipment, you get 10 percent off each one. If you keep more than five items, you get 20 percent off per item. Pretty amazing!More than a million options are available on Prime Wardrobe, which is still in beta, meaning the service isn't available everywhere — yet. But you can click through here to get notified when it's ready in your area.Some of the products available include this summery romper: BUY NOW Raleigh Romper, PAIGE (Available on Amazon Prime), $188This strappy bikini: BUY NOW Castaway Stripe Multi Rouleau Bralette Bikini Top, SEAFOLLY AUSTRALIA (Available at Amazon Prime), $102, and Bottoms, SEAFOLLY AUSTRALIA (Available at Amazon Prime), $51–$77A sexy, cutout one-piece swimsuit: BUY NOW Slim Show Your Stripes One-Piece, MINKPINK (Available at Amazon Prime), $99You can also snag some sweet accessories and shoes: BUY NOW Foley Tassel Slide Sandal, THE FIX (Available at Amazon Prime), $75Just don't procrastinate, because you could potentially miss the seven-day return period and end up paying for all the things. But then again, you'd literally have all the things — so maybe that wouldn't be so bad?From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Phone cases none of your friends will have (because you made them). If you change phone cases more often than you change outfits, here's a thought: why not spend an afternoon making phone stickers? Designers like Anya Hindmarch and Rebecca Minkoff have had them in rotation for a few seasons now, and they're an easy way to switch up your phone's look on a whim.What You'll Need Pro TipYes, that sticky backing is strong enough to adhere your foam creations to your phone case. But if you're making any three-dimensional stickers (like my Furby up there), the top layers (her eyelids and tongue, for example) are the most vulnerable to getting snagged in your bag zipper or jacket pocket. Secure them with an extra dab of glue, just in case. Pom-pom cases have been floating around Etsy for a few years now, and they look especially great when candy colors and tinsel threads are involved. If you'd rather leave the glue guns to Martha Stewart, check out the lush Bando case that inspired this DIY ($35, bando.com); it uses about twice as many poms and looks like it fell out of a muppet's handbag. What You'll NeedA Clear Phone Case: Again, Amazon is a gold mine. Pro TipUse the smallest pom-poms around your phone case's camera window—you don't want any tinsel threads making their way into your photos. The goal here is to make your phone case look like a sparkly, all-seeing monster. What You'll Need Pro TipTo really stick those eyeballs onto your phone case, apply them like this: squeeze out a generous dot of glue and press your wiggle eye directly in the middle, until the excess pools up around its sides. From: Sweet		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You probably do #4 all the time. It's that time again! Time to bust out the bikini from last year, find that one-piece you love so much, and maybe even add a new suit to your wardrobe. But swimsuit shopping can be such a pain and actually kind of stressful. It doesn't have to be, though! Avoid the following swimsuit shopping mistakes and you might actually have some fun. 1. You put too much focus on the size on the tag. Just like jeans, and really any other item of clothing, size varies from store to store. Bathing suit brands are actually the worst culprits! You might be a large in a junior's brand like Aerie, and a small in an ~adult~ brand like Panache. Always try on a few sizes and don't even think about what it "means" if something does or doesn't fit you. It's the bathing suit's issue — not yours. 2. You try on bikinis as a set, instead of different size tops and bottoms. Rarely are we the same size on top as on bottom. If you are, lucky you, but many of us have a larger chest with no hips, or curvy thighs and no boobs. Brands have finally caught on and many are making bikinis that you can mix and match (instead of having to buy the top and bottom as a set), so you can try on a bunch of different sized tops and bottoms, and buy what fits you best. 3. You stress about being "on trend." Sure, trends are fun to experiment with, but when it comes to buying a bathing suit, don't even think about them. Ruffled bikinis might be a fave with celebs, but if you feel totally uncomfortable in them, it's not worth spending money on a suit that doesn't make you excited to go to the beach. Instead, try a bunch of different styles on and choose what makes you feel cute. 4. You wear shoes that are hard to get off. Slip-on sneakers are your BFF while swimsuit shopping. You're going to have to take them off and on a dozen times, and you don't want to make yourself crazy with tricky laces or tight boots. And don't forget socks. You don't want to be barefoot on the dirty dressing room floor — ick! 5. You stick with the one store you know you love. You might live and die by Aerie one-pieces but make sure you check out the swimwear selection in other stores, too. You might find a diamond where you least expect it, like in a store your mom loves or a chain like Target. 6. You don't wear the right undergarments. Repeat after me: no bathing suit looks good over boy shorts. It doesn't matter how great it's going to look IRL, if you're wearing underwear with too much fabric, you're probably not going to like how the suit looks in the store. Wear a thong or other seamless panty and you'll get a better picture of how it will really fit. 7. You shop while PMS-ing. Even if you don't suffer from a lot of period-related bloating, you might be moody or more emotionally sensitive right before you get your period. This might not be the best time to be under bright lights in barely any clothes. You could totally hate a suit that you're actually into just a few days later. 8. You don't take photos. Kylie Jenner is on to something! She recently posted a pic to Instagram while bathing suit shopping, and while a bikini selfie is nothing new for Ky, it's actually a really good idea to take photos of yourself. You can see how the bathing suit looks from all angles, and get a better idea of the fit. Whether you post it to Instagram is all up to you. 9. You only check yourself out in one light. If you feel comfortable, step outside the dressing room stall to the bigger mirror in the main room. This is often totally different light and you can get a better feel of how the suit looks. Is it sheer at all? Because if it is even a tiny bit, it will turn VERY see-through when it gets wet.Check all of those things out before you take the suit home. 10. You don't take a friend with you. Friends don't let friends shop for bathing suits alone! Even if your mom is your BFF, it's important to go with someone. You'll need an extra hand to grab another size when you're half naked, or to honestly tell you if yellow is really your color. She'll also remind you that you're super hot when you need it. Follow Seventeen on Instagram.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"Stick to what you know…lip gloss."The internet is currently in a frenzy over Kendall and Kylie Jenner's latest business venture. Their clothing brand Kendall + Kylie dropped a line of vintage band tees, with Kendall and Kylie's faces screen printed over the original designs.This shit is wild disrespectful and tacky https://t.co/T2ukBdnehuSome thought that covering music icons with their own faces was disrespectful and after major backlash, the tees were removed from the website and social media. Biggie's mother spoke out, and now Ozzy Osbourne's family is hopping on the drama. His wife Sharon Osbourne posted on Instagram, saying that the sisters "haven't earned the right to put your face with musical icons." Girls, you haven’t earned the right to put your face with musical icons. Stick to what you know…lip gloss.A post shared by  Sharon Osbourne (@sharonosbourne) on Jun 29, 2017 at 12:12pm PDTKendall and Kylie have since apologized for the "not well thought out" designs, but Kelly Osbourne is still pissed about the situation. On Instagram, she posted a very shady T-shirt design of her own. #CurrentMoodA post shared by  Kelly Osbourne (@kellyosbourne) on Jun 29, 2017 at 2:10pm PDTSince the Jenners have already apologized, let's hope this beef just dies on its own. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Zendaya recently graced the Spider-Man: Homecoming press tour with a capital-L Look — an almost eye-searing pink gown with a gauzy goddess train. It was epic. It was sensational. And she was CLEARLY feelin' it. Oscar-nominated co-star Michael Keaton even helped lift her train so she could get even better shots: But Z has been taking all sorts of style risks while promoting the latest installment of the Marvel Cinematic Universe. She laid down the style gauntlet in the very first press event, a photo call in Madrid, with this gorgeous cornflower blue gown: Think she can only do gowns? Think again: the 19-year-old actress can also do whimsical and fun, as evidenced by her ridiculously adorable ensembles for London and then Barcelona: And in Peter Parker's hometown of NYC, Zendaya turned over look after look, ranging from menswear-inspired casual to experimental silhouettes to glamorous bedsheets (for talk show TV, of course) a chic take on summertime stripes: Zendaya: TBD member of the superhero world onscreen, style superheroine offscreen. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			But some deals are starting sooner. Mark your calendar: Amazon just announced that its third annual Prime Day will be on July 11 this year, with deals kicking off as early as 9 p.m. EDT on July 10. This is a big deal because Prime Day — Amazon's annual sales event for Prime members — has been compared to Christmas in July for its Black Friday-like deals. This year, Amazon promises "hundreds of thousands of deals" on everything from music to books and Blurays with new deals released every five minutes for the entire event. In order to qualify for Prime Day deals, you must first be an Amazon Prime member, which costs $99 for a one-year membership. You can start a 30-day free trial here, too, just remember to cancel it if you don't want to be charged for the full year.Just like last year, Prime Day will include a variety of Spotlight Deals and Lightning Deals. While Spotlight Deals on popular items will last until the stock is sold out, Lightning Deals will launch every five minutes and run for a specific amount of time with limited quantities. There are a couple of ways to get even more savings. If you've got an Alexa-enabled device, such as an Amazon Echo or Echo Dot, you can score even more discounts — they're offering exclusive deals those members to promote their voice-enabled devices this year. And the Prime Now app will host deals for items with one-hour delivery. Can't wait until July? Amazon actually started releasing some deals for Prime members today including:According to the Amazon Prime Day Insider's Guide, Prime Members will also be treated to bonus deals in similar categories in the week leading up to Prime Day including special voice-shopping deals on July 5, music and video deals on July 6 and 7 respectively, everyday essentials discounts on July 8 and reading deals on July 9.And remember, you can sign up for Amazon Prime by clicking here. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Good Housekeeping US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"It was not our intention to disrespect these cultural icons."On Wednesday, the Jenner sisters released a Kendall + Kylie limited edition t-shirt collection featuring the girls' faces and the brand's logo super-imposed over images of rappers Tupac and Biggie, as well as album art from Metallica, Pink Floyd, and more. The shirts costs $125 each. The backlash was immediate. Many people on social media were offended that Kendall and Kylie would put their own image over such legendary musicians' faces, especially musicians of color. Biggie's mother Voletta Wallace slammed Kendall and Kylie for exploiting her son's death and not asking for permission to use his image. "The disrespect of these girls to not even reach out to me or anyone connected to the estate baffles me," she wrote on Instagram. "I have no idea why they feel they can exploit the deaths of 2pac and my Son Christopher to sell a t-shirt. This is disrespectful , disgusting, and exploitation at its worst!!!" I am not sure who told @kyliejenner and @kendalljenner that they had the right to do this.  The disrespect of these girls to not even reach out to me or anyone connected to the estate baffles me.  I have no idea why they feel they can exploit the deaths of 2pac and my Son Christopher to sell a t-shirt.  This is disrespectful , disgusting, and exploitation at its worst!!!A post shared by  Voletta Wallace (@volettawallace) on Jun 29, 2017 at 9:31am PDTHowever, the t-shirts were so popular (or stocked in such limited quantities) that they were nearly sold-out by Thursday morning. On Thursday afternoon, the t-shirts disappeared from Kendall + Kylie's site and all images of the garments have been wiped from the brand's social media accounts. Both girls tweeted the same apology. They apologized and explained "it was not our intention to disrespect these cultural icons."These designs were not well thought out and we deeply apologize to anyone that has been upset and/or offended, especially to the families of the artists. We are huge fans of their music and it was not our intention to disrespect these cultural icons in anyway. The tee shirts have been pulled from retail and all images have been removed. We will use this as an opportunity to learn from these mistakes and again, we are very sorry. This scandal occurs less than three months after Kendall's racially tone-deaf Pepsi commercial was pulled from the air, and just weeks after Kylie was accused of ripping off a black designer's camo-print bikinis and clothes. (Neither sister apologized for either of those incidents.) Hannah Orenstein is the assistant features editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Twitter and Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Many fashion brands are often criticized for featuring uber-lean models and airbrushing "flaws," a practice that creates a culture of unrealistic expectations and low-self esteem among consumers. However, ASOS is bucking the trend by featuring swimsuit models with stretch marks: And their fans are SO here for it: Some of ASOS's featured models also have birth marks and acne scars — because guess what? Those can be just as beautiful, too. ASOS has exercised size inclusivity for a while now — their plus-size line, ASOS Curve, launched in 2010, and their men's tall and plus-size lines debuted earlier this year — but the retailer's latest move to include model's skin imperfections continues to move the needle toward self-acceptance.Until every woman learns to love her body, regardless of how she looks, go ahead and buy all the ASOS swimsuits to show your support. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She got real about how sh*tty the task can be as a young girl.Rebel Wilson has always been confident — in fact, at Tuesday night's launch event for her new fashion line, Rebel x Angels, held at curvy subscription service Dia & Co.'s NYC headquarters, she said she was born with the trait.  Nevertheless, she's had her fair share of insecurities. Along with sharing the self-described "mentally disturbing" shopping trips she experienced as a teen, the actress also shed light on why she created a fashion line in the first place — and revealed how anyone can get Rebel-level self-esteem.  Pumped for the launch party tonight of REBEL WILSON x ANGELS #StyleHasNoSizeA post shared by  Rebel Wilson (@rebelwilson) on Jun 27, 2017 at 10:30am PDTBack in the day I never would have thought of myself as someone who was interested in fashion or had any kind of fashion sense even! Being an actress and becoming famous all around the world, people suddenly became interested in what I was wearing. I had to pay attention and work with top Hollywood stylists in order to dress appropriately and with style. Over the years, I've learned a lot, and this is really me giving back a lot of those tips and creating beautiful, trendy, confident clothes for women out there. The plus-size market is really underserved, and I know there are women out there [who] are looking for the types of clothes I wear all the time.Oh my gosh, all the time. I mean, now I can't really go to shopping malls a lot ... [but] back in the day, I remember I had to go shopping with my mom as a teenager, and it was mentally disturbing.If you are plus-size, there's not a lot to choose from and, I don't know, I guess I didn't know what looked good [on me]. So  wasn't a fun, enjoyable experience. Now, when I'm doing fittings for movies or red-carpet events, it's really interesting and it's great to think about what I'm going to wear and what the message is in the outfit.  TBT: Mum's been going through the photo albums and found this little beauty x #dogshowingA post shared by  Rebel Wilson (@rebelwilson) on Mar 22, 2017 at 7:10pm PDTWell [now] what I do is research ... checking out what the other brands have available so that I'm different. But online shopping is [obviously] big now, and I'm a big fan of [it]. You can just click, and if you don't like it you can send it back!Honestly, more. I even had a model agency say they're frantically trying to find more plus-size girls, because there's more work for them. Before, they might have had a couple [curvy girls] on their roster, and now, with models like Ashley Graham and Hunter McGrady, who is one of our models — I mean, these girls are working all the time ... I never want to promote unhealthiness, I always want people to be the healthiest version of themselves. But if that's plus-size, then I want them to feel confident about how they look and be able to dress with style. Just because you're not a size two or four [doesn't mean] you can't have style.I don't know where I get that from — I've just always had that!  Styling!!A post shared by  Rebel Wilson (@rebelwilson) on May 17, 2017 at 3:29pm PDTI'm not great at everything. For example, running. I suck at it! I'm really slow. But if you don't concentrate on that, and [think about] the things that you are really good at and know how great you are in those areas, that will give you inner confidence and [help] you to know your worth as a person ... Everyone is good at something. You might be the best at sewing, the best at making little capes, you might be an amazing singer, you might be brilliant at biology ... all people have worth and skills and are great at stuff — you just have to find out what that is.Yes, we finished filming Pitch Perfect 3, and we showed it to the first few test audiences and it tested through the roof, so I'm really, really excited, and it will come out in December. I actually wear some of the pieces from the line [in the movie], and they'll be available for sale when [it] comes out.   6 months isn't THAT long to wait! #PitchPerfect3A post shared by  Rebel Wilson (@rebelwilson) on Jun 23, 2017 at 5:34am PDTThere's an amazing silver sequin dress, and the jeans I wear in the musical numbers are so stretchy you can really drop it low.  My Massive Pony x #PitchPerfect3A post shared by  Rebel Wilson (@rebelwilson) on Feb 3, 2017 at 9:02pm PSTThe jackets to me are really cool — there's a "Rebel" jacket! Those are available [in July]. Oh, and down the line we have these faux-fur jackets that are so pimpin'.Yes — every six weeks it is updated in stores and online too. That's how we can keep on trend and listen to the customers and what they're wanting and loving. It's a challenge, but we're so excited.  Thank you to all the stores who have pledged to carry my line. @nordstrom @dillards @lordandtaylor @diaandco and Hudson Bay & @additionelle in Canada ❤️ great stores!A post shared by  Rebel Wilson (@rebelwilson) on Jun 27, 2017 at 6:05pm PDTRebel x Angels is available for sizes 16 and up and will be sold in stores and online in July by major retailers like Nordstrom, Dillards, Lord & Taylor, Hudson's Bay, Addition Elle, and through styling subscription service Dia & Co. This interview has been edited and condensed.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The next time you question whether or not to change out of your swimsuit before heading to dinner, just draw inspiration from your fave fashion icon Bella Hadid, and wear your bikini top.The younger Hadid sister recently stepped out of her hotel in Paris sporting a simple, black bandeau bikini top and some tasteful underboob. The model dressed up her swimwear with high-waisted, light-wash jeans, denim block heels with a frayed design, and a sleek snakeskin moto jacket. She finished the look with chunky gold hoops and her signaturetiny sunglasses.  Here's how to steal Bella's look with similar styles:BUY NOW: Basic Bandeau Bikini Top, COVER (available at Saks Fifth Avenue), $75 BUY NOW: Petite Brown Snake Print Wet Look Biker Jacket, MISSGUIDED, $88 BUY NOW: MOTO Mid Blue Mom Jeans, TOPSHOP, $70BUY NOW: Platform Wrap Heels, Forever 21, $38 BUY NOW: Lennon Style Modern Thin Metal Frame, ZEROUV (available on Amazon), $12But it wasn't the only time Bella rocked a swimsuit on dry land. She wore a different itty-bitty black bikini top to the Heron Preston Presentation as part of Paris Fashion Week for Menswear Spring/Summer 2018.  Her second outfit showed that with impressive styling, a black bikini top can take on a totally different look. Unfortunately, Hadid's "Handle With Care" skirt comes from the 2018 Heron Preston collection, so regular folk will have to wait to get their hands on this look. In the meantime, here's how to copy Bella's second bikini look: BUY NOW: Italian Matte Plunge Bikini Top in Black, J. CREW (available at Nordstrom), $56BUY NOW: Moto Red Denim Mini Skirt, TOPSHOP, $55BUY NOW: Distressed Jean Jacket, Forever2, $29Follow Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The brand is being criticized for designs that feature rappers and classic album art.On Wednesday, Kendall and Kylie Jenner released a Kendall + Kylie limited edition vintage t-shirt collection. But the tops, which are retailing for $125, have sparked a bit of controversy, because the Jenners' faces and the brand's logo have been printed over the shirts' original artwork — which includes images of rap artists Tupac and Biggie, plus album art from Metallica, Pink Floyd, and more. The designs have led some to express criticism on Twitter and in the comments of the line's Instagram account: The biggest points of contention: that arbitrary price point, the shirts' decidedly faux vintage styling, and of course, the audacity of putting either Jenner sister's face over music legends', particularly non-white ones.Neither Kylie nor Kendall has commented on this via social media, though they've both posted about the line on their accounts:Regardless of the controversy, the line seems to be selling steadily. As Fashionista noted, a Biggie/Tupac "Trust Nobody" top featuring Kendall's face is marked "Low Stock" right now: From: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Wednesday night marked the world premiere of Spider-Man: Homecoming, the latest Marvel movie and a new milestone for the character of Spider-Man/Peter Parker. It also marks Zendaya's entrance into the world of the worldwide comic book movie red carpet whirlwind.To be fair, the 19-year-old actress has more than the fashion chops to pull off any red carpet. And, she's got some great fashion fairy godmothers in her life. (Namely, Rihanna.) She's also riding high (perhaps literally) off of her trapeze artist role in the upcoming movie The Great Showman, which also stars Zac Efron in a role that gets verrrrrrry close to hers.But both she and co-star Laura Harrier clearly pulled out the capital-F Fashion stops for the first formal red carpet of her superhero film career, and fans canNOT get enough of it:It's been an incredible experience to watch two black women lead the way within this franchise. #SpidermanHomecoming pic.twitter.com/3Z75lAFaEiZendaya forever slays. #SpiderManHomecoming pic.twitter.com/SUWY2GqKXnZENDAYA 👏🏽 DID 👏🏽 THAT 👏🏽 #SpiderManHomecoming #Zendaya pic.twitter.com/uyRFiDC1RnLegs for days.....👠👗#SpidermanHomecoming #Zendaya pic.twitter.com/2Ks70Iv4RCGorgeous superstar Zendaya looking flawless at #SpiderManHomecoming premiere tonight.  #Zendaya pic.twitter.com/kBbnhCLyhaHere for every look Zendaya serves, from here to forever.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			♫ This (outfit) is what dreaaaaams are made of ♫Last night at the launch of her collection with Vogue Eyewear, Gigi Hadid looked ready to perform at the Roman Colosseum and expose Paolo for the fraud he is. In other words, she was dressed like everyone's favorite early 2000s Disney Channel character, Lizzie McGuire (played by Hilary Duff). Who can forget the pantsuit she wore for her big "What Dreams Are Made Of" performance scene in The Lizzie McGuire Movie?EVERY tween wanted this look: the flared pants (which were revealed under a ballgown skirt pulled off mid-performance!), the matching metallic jacket. Gigi, wearing a set from Kreist's Fall 2017 collection, had the entire look down pat.♫ Hey now, hey nowww this (outfit) is what dreaaaaaams are made of. ♫No one was more excited about it than her sister, Bella Hadid, who commented on a photo, "GIGI YOU ARE LIZZIE MCGUIRE FINALLY WE DREAMT OF THIS MOMENT (or maybe only I did) HOL[Y] SHIT YESSSSS @GIGIHADID U R LIFEEEEE."Just look at how she shimmers.ICONIC.Follow Seventeen on Instagram! From: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			We'd expect nothing less. After years of rainbow-striped hair and the biggest earrings you've ever seen, we all knew that Aria's wedding dress would be epic. In the final episode of Pretty Little Liars, we finally got to see the OOTD we've all been waiting for. I present to you, THE dress:Aria didn't end up getting married in the Victorian-inspired gown Lucy Hale was giving us sneak peaks of. Instead, she went the ~alternative~ route with bell sleeves, crochet detailing, and sky-high lace-up heels. Honestly, would you expect anything else?While saying their "I dos," Ezra looked even hotter than usual in a navy suit, baby blue polka-dot tie, and a bright boutonniere. Their wedding was basically sexy Easter.Ezria forever!Follow @Seventeen on Instagram for exclusive interviews with A.D.! The #PrettyLittleLiars finale is giving us ALL 👏 THE 👏 FEELS 👏 (#rg: @lucyhale)A post shared by  Seventeen (@seventeen) on Jun 27, 2017 at 6:18pm PDT		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			This was definitely the year of 'releasing stuff', like realising none of us can actually pronounce our favorite shop correctly.I'm still struggling with the whole pronunciation thing TBH, but it turns out everything could have been a lot easier if Zara had just stuck to their original name.Yep, game changer…Zara hasn't always been called Zara.Those clever people over at WWD, unearthed a 2012 New York Times article about the brand and it's origins. So sit back while I provide you with some much needed education.Back in 1975 when Margaret Thatcher was running our country, Amancio Ortega Gaona opened a quaint store selling robes in northwestern Spain. Sounds like it would fit right in at Diagon Alley if you ask me.Amancio named his shop "Zorba", after the movie Zorba the Greek (nope, never heard of it either). But alas, there was already a bar in the same area also called Zorba. Amancio you could have done your research a bit better. Also how popular was this movie? So obvs, Amancio had to change his store name.Annoyingly for him though, he had already ordered the molds for the letters for his sign. So Amancio who is a crappy at research but great at anagrams apparently, rearranged the letters and came up with Zara.Clever guy.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			*takes detailed notes for next year's prom*It was no surprise when Emma Watson was cast as Belle in the Beauty and the Beast remake, because she's been serving princess vibes on the red carpet for years. She slays in flowing ball gowns, but her signature is a crisp pair of trousers (because real princesses wear pants). Here are all of her best, most dazzling looks.It was no surprise when Emma Watson was cast as Belle, because she's been serving princess vibes on the red carpet for years. She slays in flowing ball gowns, but her signature is a crisp pair of trousers (because real princesses wear pants). Here are all of her best, most dazzling looks.You can wear T-shirts on the red carpet and Emma just proved that to the world. She layered an embellished naked dress over a graphic tee and in the process, achieved peak fashionista status. If Cinderella were a superhero, this Emilia Wickstead dress is what she would wear. Hermione was repping her Harry Potter roots in this stunning beaded gown and matching invisibility cloak. This Louis Vuitton gown might be the weirdest thing Emma has ever worn – and I'm LIVING for it.Emma's velvet LBD is simple and chic, but still totally glam. (Also, EMMA WATSON IS WEARING A CHOKER! I REPEAT: EMMA WATSON IS WEARING A CHOKER!)Showing her love for HP yet again, Emma wore a Dior gown with the Whomping Willow (bodice) and the Unbreakable Bond (bottom left) on it. I don't even know what to call Emma's belt/cape/skirt/train, but I'm sooo into it.Clean lines and contrasting hems keep this all-white ensemble from looking boring. This edgy illusion dress is one of Emma's most daring looks ever. From now on everything she wears should have an under-boob bat sewn onto it. Emma Watson in pants is Emma Watson living her best life. The bigger the leg, the happier she is. The teeny print on this midi is girly and cute, but still so *fashion*.This pant-dress mash-up is basically Queen of Hearts-meets-Hillary Clinton – so, pretty freaking epic. Proof that Belle's dress should have been black and white.A cool girl biker jacket and mismatched earrings add the perfect hint of toughness to this pretty lace set. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Check out the Liars' most fashionable moments, plus tips to getting their signature styles.Aside from being constantly chased by mysterious, murderous enemies, there's one thing you can always count on from the Liars: great style! Check out the Liars' most fashionable moments, plus, tips for scoring their signature styles.Even though they're BFFs, the Liars all have their own unique sense of style. Aria's the wild child — unafraid of bold patterns and layering on cool accessories. Emily keeps things simple and sporty, but her looks are anything but boring. Hanna's the glam girl: she loves cute dresses and the highest heels around. There's Spencer, whose preppy-cool style perfectly matches her personality. And Alison, who's girly flair shows in all of her adorable outfits. Click through for some of the Liars' best OOTDs.Grown-up Hannah hasn't changed one bit. Her edgy-chic leopard print top pairs perfectly with her coated denim skirt. This femme look is totally Hannah, until you add the moto jacket and printed bag, which are Aria's staples. But where are her signature massive earrings?? The bleach detailing on the denim jacket and peek-a-boo lace at the neckline give a touch of Hanna flare to a classic OOTD.Even without the crown (which is amazing btw), Emily would have still looked like a queen in her edgy-glam black and silver dress.  This silky little bomber jacket is classic Aria: bold, unique, and super cool.Hanna went for a daring look for prom, pairing her sparkly high-low gown with a killer pair of lace-up boots. Of course Aria finds a way to make a black moto jacket look totally one of a kind with a cool pray paint print.Spencer went for a stunning floor-length green gown for prom.  The high neck and long train is classic Spencer.This is a classic Hanna dress with the bright colors and a bold print.Alison combines leather and lace perfectly in sweet but stylish denim look.Mona edges up a prim top with black bracelets and ripped skinnies.Spencer went for a classic look, pairing her patterned dress with a grey cardigan and simple necklace.Emily rocked this camouflage jumpsuit for a casual, yet put-together look. Emily makes plaid on plaid work. A denim jacket with leather sleeves give it an edgier vibe.Even when she's going for an edgier look, Alison always incorporates a girly touch. A subtle splash of purple breaks up her gray-on-gray look.Emily keeps her look simple and comfortable in a flirty yellow tank and ripped jeans while tidying up The Brew and having a chat with Ezra.Spencer's color blocked fit-and-flare dress a super-cute outfit to rock to both class and a party. Even better? It's from the Pretty Little Liars Collection at Aeropostale, which Mandi helped design based on the fashion on the show, AND you can snag it for less than $40!Emily's definitely the tomboy of the crew, and her go-to look is denim skinnies, a graphic tee, and a button up. But she's not just a blue jeans kind of gal—she has a pair of skinnies in almost every color! Plus, she always picks shirts with unique details to layer over her tee, like this acid-wash denim shirt. "I've made her more edgy, because she's really come out with who she is and what she feels," Mandi said about Em's style. "You've never seen casual look so cool!"Alison looked pretty and polished in a light blue blazer, printed top, and dark-washed skinnies. The gray top balances the pastel print on Mona's pants, but the poufy sleeves keep it just girly enough.You won't see Hanna in a basic black moto jacket and cutoffs. The trendy Liar makes her outfit stand out with a light-colored biker jacket and printed shorts.Spencer has major smarts and a snappy wit, and her prim, preppy style definitely matches her personality. "Spencer is my Harry Potter slash Sailor Moon slash Ralph Lauren girl," Mandi said about her vibe. "She's comic-book preppy!" A nautical-inspired frock could easily look costume-y, but with her knee socks and loose curls, Spence pulls it off perfectly!Aria's ballerina dress couldn't be sweeter.Spencer Hastings loves a good pair of knee socks almost as much as she loves schooling boys in Game of Thrones knowledge. Even if it's something small, finding one signature staple is a great first step to developing your personal style! "Spencer keeps her preppiness, but she does it with her own touches, like knee highs and boots," Mandi said.Out of the four Liars, Hanna's style is the girliest! She loves dresses and pretty details, like the Peter Pan collar on this yellow dress. "We always laugh when she walks around in her heels for a regular Tuesday," Mandi said. "She wants to be prepared for the party at all times."The femme fit-and-flare shape and flirty sheer stripes glam up Alison's knee-lenth LBD.Even though Emily's usually rocking jeans and a tee, she doesn't lose her easy, laid-back vibe even when she gets a little dressed up! A denim jacket dresses down a ruffly frock, so the look isn't overly frilly.A pink sweater and embellished flats keep Alison's patched boyfriend jeans feeling girly.The floral embroidery in Aria's grey top coordinates with her rose-patterned midi skirt. Her black combat boots give the outfit just the right amount of edge.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Rihanna traveled through LAX this weekend, and she's making me reconsider burning all my Juicy tracksuits in 2008. She paired her periwinkle blue ensemble with some pointy white boots and a necklace that's probably worth more than all our lives combined. She is glamour on two legs, and we are all better for having gazed upon her glory.Now, let's watch Rihanna go through airport security, because that's how fascinating she is. Bow down. Even Rihanna has to take her shoes off at security! Don't they know who she is! This disgusts me. And she made it through. Bad Gal RiRi is cleared for takeoff, and the skies just got a whole lot friendlier! Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			As a whole, this look is actually cute. But the question remains: How many shirts are happening here? There's the green satin ruffle one, but is there also a sweater and a camisole? You do you, girl.Aria's past is a horror show of magenta highlights and studded belts, and this look is no exception. You can tell that right after she leaves the girls she's sneaking into an 18-and-over New Found Glory show.As with many of Aria's sartorial missteps, context is key. This is an odd, clubby choice for a tribute video to your dead best friend, but in her defense the dead best friend picked this out. What a decision to have to make, though — ignore someone's last wishes or dress like you're trying to get kicked out of the fall formal.At first glance, this is harmless enough, but upon closer inspection you notice that she's wearing some sort of fur collar that's the exact same color as her hair, thus making it look like she's got two weasel tails sprouting directly from her head. The Rosewood PETA chapter is not going to be pleased.I respect this look for a number of reasons, including the chain epaulets and the glove on only one hand, but the best thing about it is that this is what she wore to homecoming, the most basic of all the basic dances. How did Aria end up hanging out with the Liars, anyway? She clearly belongs with the art crowd.Aria loves an epaulet, especially when you don't even notice it's an epaulet till you look very closely. Included not because this is that bad of a look in itself, but because she and Spencer stole these from real candy stripers and changed in a storage closet. Also, LOL at that "no cell phones" sign in the background. As if the Liars have ever met a "no cell phones" sign they would obey.This is also from the ill-fated charity fashion show, but you know this is something Aria would wear to school if given the chance. It's got all of her favorite things — giant earrings, satin, and an unnecessary fur collar. The lace-up ribbon shoes really tie the look together. Ah, the days when putting feathers in your hair was such a popular trend that bait shops were selling out of them. Aria always knows whats up.For when you wish you were at a music festival but were just at high school instead.These earrings are so large and intense that they should be given time to shine on their own, but no, Aria had to go and pair them with butt-length fringe. At least she knows what she likes.On point for "glamping," I guess, but what's she gonna do with that belt when it's time for any sort of physical activity?But kudos to Aria for trying to make suspenders a thing. If anyone can do it, it's her.I have questions.Aria loves a statement earring, but what's weird about these (aside from the fact that they're the size of subway rats) is that she wore them on an outing to find her missing, possibly dead therapist. This is hardly the time for accessorizing, Montgomery!When you have to go to the farmers market at 8 but fight the Revolutionary War at 7.You can't tell from this angle, but the top of this hat is covered in glitter.See?In case Rosewood ever does Pirates of Penzance.That's why her sleeves are so big. They're full of secrets."You guys wanna go to Hot Topic later? No?"Nothing says "I'm definitely old enough to be at this party" like pigtails and knee socks.I have more questions.Just dangling, like so many PLL plot threads.Swiped from the closet of Mrs. Grunwald.Bold move.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.					We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Seeing double!Kendall Jenner freely admits that Paris Hilton is one of her fashion icons. "Paris is a family friend, so, like our big sisters, we have always admired her fashion sense," she said to W Magazine of her 21st birthday look. Bet you didn't realize, however, that she's been influenced by Paris' style many other times. Check out all their #twinning looks here. Party like a disco ball!How low can they go?Paris wore her bralette as a shirt before that was even a thing.Kendall apparently missed the bomber and paperboy cap part of the memo.Color scheme on point.Taking gladiator shoes to the next level.Why wear a regular dress when you can wear a naked dress?Kendall's furry bag charm is basically a stand-in for Paris' dog Tinkerbell (RIP).Even on the runway, Kendall's putting out Paris vibes!Paris took a plunge, but Kendall's got her beat on #FreeingTheNipple.One thing's for sure: 2000s-era Paris never would have condoned Kendall's high-rise pants.Partying in their PJs and living the dream!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Very casual.Emma Watson is currently promoting The Circle in Paris. Last night, she stepped out in the princess dress version of your childhood bedsheets (by Miu Miu). Today, the press tour fashion marathon continues, and Watson has already been photographed in four different outfits. She wore a red dress for her TF1 Facebook Live interview this morning:Then, a black off-the-shoulder top with sheer sleeves for additional press:And a wispy black dress to hide copies of A Handmaid's Tale in the streets:She capped this off with her photo call outfit: a garden-like Louis Vuitton dress with very on-trend leg slits and Santoni heels. The gold-leaf detailing on it is gorgeous, particularly against that background:Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Kendall Jenner wasn't the only celeb who whipped out a fresh outfit for Wednesday's summer solstice. Singer Miley Cyrus took to the 'gram to show off her summer style and goings-ons, which mostly consisted of dog photos (naturally), some pretty delicious and fresh vegan food (dope), and one totally enviable red bikini.Seeing as some parts of the country hit over 100°F on Wednesday, it's totally understandable why Miley went for a swimsuit style that could best be described as "may as well not be there." Said bikini is a bright coral red, and it's a simple but impactful shape; also, check out the detail on the bikini top cups. Those dog cuties hanging out next to her are kind of stealing the scene though, so it made sense for Miley to follow up a post of her with a real star of the show:(Don't worry; as she explains, "be cautious of seeds & rind! otherwise [watermelon is] totally doggy safe!")Then lastly, Miley posted a snap of her summertime snacking, a super fresh-looking guac-adjacent salad. She's not a pro #foodstagrammer, but hey, that looks good.Yeah, I'll take the contents of all three posts to go, thanks.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Selena Gomez signed a deal with the famous luxury label Coach back in December, and she's been making good on it ever since. First up was her delicate starry look at this year's Met Gala, and now she's serving up face (and gorgeous handbags) in her first-ever ad campaign for the brand.The photos, from iconic fashion photographer Steven Meisel, are warm and inviting but also sharply chic. The shots also invoke the same '70s style that Selena's clearly fond of; after all, she just personally released a line of throwback "Bad Liar" merch.Check out the stunning photos.  Coach's bread and butter will always be those forever iconic handbags, but leave it to Selena to be the perfect model of the line's clothes as well. It may be high summer right now, but these shots have got us coveting autumn and winter wares. (Maybe these can be laid away a season? Asking for a friend.)Coach, of course, shared some behind the scenes of their new spokeswoman, and gave some lyrical shoutouts to "Bad Liar" too: 🎵I was walking down the street the other day… #CoachxSelena #WhatsYourSwagger #CoachNYA post shared by  Coach (@coach) on Jun 20, 2017 at 7:02am PDT In the hot seat with @SelenaGomez behind the scenes of our fall campaign. #CoachxSelena #CoachNYA post shared by  Coach (@coach) on Jun 20, 2017 at 8:25am PDTBased on the smiles all around (and of course, the end results), it seems like this fashion campaign was a perfect match.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Living for it tho. On Sunday, I almost posted a Father's Day shout out to my girl Kendall Jenner, because lately she's been looking dad af (but like in the best, most chic way possible). Alongside her signature dinner plate-sized hoop earrings, Kenny has been rocking another old-school accessory – and totally slaying the game. Basically every time she's left the house in the past few months, Kendall has accentuated her waist with a fanny pack in some shape or size. Yep, like those flappy belt-purses your parents lived for in the '80s. Honestly, this hands-free toting is pretty glam and I'm so down for it. BRING ON THE FANNIES!Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Melanie Gaydos doesn't look like other models. She's fine with that, even if other people aren't. "When I'm at fashion week, I can tell what people think of me because of the way they interact with me," she says. "I was never, ever bothered by the way that I look. It has nothing to do with me." She is that matter-of-fact, that easy—and it kind of forces you to wonder why anyone worries about their appearance. Melanie, 28, lives in Seattle now but grew up on the East Coast. She was born with ectodermal dysplasia, an umbrella term for a host of genetic conditions that affected the development of her hair, teeth, and nails. She got her start in modeling while in New York City attending the Pratt Institute. Art school connected her with loads of other creative types, and one photographer friend asked her to sit for him.  "I was never, ever bothered by the way that I look. It has nothing to do with me.""At the time I was doing a lot of self-portraiture in my drawings that I did for school, and he just really liked how I portrayed myself," she remembers. "So he asked me to pose for him. After that experience, I realized that I could do a lot more with modeling. I knew that I was the only person who looked like me. I was the only person who had my sense of vision and such a unique way of looking at the world."  @amberasaly 🌹🎲🌹🎲🌹 @galore @rosegnyc @beauteousmax #melaniegaydos #galoremag #amberasalyA post shared by  Melanie Gaydos (@melaniegaydos) on May 12, 2017 at 12:28pm PDTUnlike the typical model origin story, Melanie wasn't "discovered" by anyone. She just started looking for modeling gigs on sites like Craigslist and ModelMayhem. "Craigslist in New York, there's actually quite a lot of different kind of photographers on there. I met so many who wanted to get away from their commercial work, who were bored with [what] they were doing. They just wanted a unique individual, a different kind of person, just a fun subject to shoot," she says. "Me looking so different from other models, that's really why I was able to book a lot of work."She still works without an agent or manager. "I've been approached by IMG before and a few other agencies, but nothing has come to fruition," she says. "I really want to find a talent agent, but I don't know. I've been doing pretty well on my own so far!"She definitely has. While she still finds gigs on Craigslist, Melanie has modeled for major avant garde publications like i-D, Galore, and Love magazines. She rocks a whole editorial for i-D's summer issue, on stands now. She's also walked the runway at multiple New York Fashion Week shows, and has appeared in several films and video shorts. The best way for her to figure out which projects to do next? Get someone to tell her something she's not capable of. "When I first started out modeling, like the first year or two, I did get photographers who said, 'Well, you'll never do a commercial shoot.' Or I've gotten people who've said, 'You'll never walk runways.' I've walked the runway shows for the last, I don't know, three years, I've been doing New York Fashion Week!" she says. "I really don't like being told I can't do something."She's encountered additional resistance. "A lot of magazines are hesitant to post or publish my photos because... I guess it's so different from the rest of the fashion industry," she reflects. "Even when I may shoot for a magazine, and [sometimes] later they're like, 'Oh, I don't know.' They get scared about it." "I really don't like being told I can't do something."Others might crumble under that kind of very open scrutiny. Melanie seems extremely unperturbed—and remarkably, she's been like that since she was a kid. "When I went to school, a lot of people would be kind of scared of me, or uncomfortable. People would ask me questions; others didn't really know how to respond to me or react to me," she says. "I didn't understand why people treated me differently. It's literally just a disorder of my DNA. It's just the way my body is born. It hasn't affected the way I think or anything like that."She's just one of the many models getting more work because of their unique features, not despite them, like Caitin Stickels, a model with so-called "Cat Eye Syndrome," who appeared in an ethereal V Magazine shoot earlier this year. Melanie also name drops albino model Shaun Ross and Winnie Harlow, a former America's Next Top Model contestant turned super star who happens to have a skin-pigmentation disorder. "I truly do think that fashion is reimagining its ideals, but it's only because people such as myself are actually making it happen.""Every year it seems to broaden and become a little more open-minded," Melanie says of the industry. "I truly do think that fashion is reimagining its ideals, but it's only because people such as myself are actually making it happen."Next up, Melanie is flying to Berlin for fashion week, then wrapping up a film shoot in Paris. She's been writing more, and is considering pulling together her experiences for a book. She's also been talking to organizations about speaking opportunities related to body image. "When I first started modeling I couldn't really do that because I was such a new face, a whole new thing for people to take in. I didn't really have a whole lot of power," she says. "But now I know people are following me and I know people are interested in what I have to say."  Love you London <3A post shared by  Melanie Gaydos (@melaniegaydos) on Nov 4, 2016 at 6:44am PDTIt must seem so silly to Melanie that other women worry about their thigh gaps, or the way their hair curls, or the soft roll of fat around their bellies: "Everybody has their own insecurities... It's really limiting, depressing, to worry about what other people look like and what other people think of us," she says. "I don't see why people can't just be happy with themselves and be happy for other people."Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Keeping it in the family.On Saturday, Zayn Malik finally revealed some teaser images from his upcoming Zayn X Versus Versace line. The singer tweeted the pictures, which feature himself (obviously) and Bella Hadid, sister of Zayn's girlfriend, Gigi Hadid. Monday #zaynxversus pic.twitter.com/5IgCSEbJxlBella donned a sporty, matching two-piece ensemble and a purple jacket. And Zayn's long, green jacket is amazing. We can't wait to see the rest of the images from the campaign. Maybe Gigi will even make an appearance (*fingers crossed*).Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Marie Claire US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Pretty Little Liars' Lucy Hale was out and about in Hollywood to celebrate her 28th birthday, and it should be noted that her outfit is very dope. I am very much feeling this unbuttoned top and exposed bra look — she looks like a high-powered business b from the 80s who's about to cut loose. Watch out, boys.That b-day strut is the best!Joining Lucy at her festivities were lots of friends, including Sarah Hyland, who posted this sweet pic with the birthday girl earlier in the week:Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			If you're lazy and/or messy, you NEED this shirt.If you're a messy person, you know that EVERYTHING is your enemy. Your fave Starbucks order is called a shirt-ruiner. Your McNuggets are tee-sabotaging grease grenades. Your powder foundation is clothing dirt.You've probs dreamed of some kind of clothing that could repel the entire world from your super cute look. Well, you're in luck. Meet the stain-repellent shirt from Threadsmiths.The 100% cotton t-shirt uses "hydrophobic nanotechnology application that repels water and dirt," according to their website. The tee ranges from sizes XS to XL and costs $49.So we decided to put it to the test. We doused this shirt with stuff like maple syrup, black coffee, soy sauce, ketchup, and orange soda. The results are totally *mesmerizing*.Check it out here:		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Picked for you by Seventeen's most stylish editors. Picked for you by Seventeen's most stylish editors. "Tackle summers latest trend by pairing this ruffle crop top with wide leg jeans. By adding a block heel, my 5'2 frame feels like 5'6! Grab your favorite sunglasses and a sweet ice cream purse and you're all set for the season's hottest days." – Tira Urquhart, Fashion AssistantClockwise: The Edit by Seventeen Juniors Chambray Pants, $27, Macy's; Gold LOVE Stud Earrings, $3, New Look; Studded Sandals, $45, Topshop; The Edit by Seventeen Juniors Off-the-Shoulder Top, $25, Macy's; Stop and Stare Square Aviator, $68, ASOS; Ice-Cream Embroidered Bag, $348, Farfetch"I always gravitate towards comfy but cute clothing when getting dressed in the morning – it allows me to catch a few extra zzzs while still looking stylish! By pairing with standout accessories, it'll look like I actually woke up early to plan a killer outfit. Another style secret? Fold the scarf in half to create a triangle and voila! You just created a top to go under your updated Canadian tux." – Ann Wang, Accessories AssistantClockwise: Large Scarf, $13, H&M; Studded Crossbody Bucket Bag, $30, Zara; The Edit by Seventeen Chambray Bomber Jacket, $30, Macy's; Rounded Cat Eye Sunglasses, $30, Express; Ballerina Espadrilles, $670, Miu Miu; The Edit by Seventeen Smocked-Waist Chambray Shorts, $20, Macy's"This LWD is great on its own for a warm summer day, and this cute pink jacket will take me through the chilly nights. I love pairing edgy accessories with girly clothing- these studded black flats, vegan leather bag and statement earrings will keep the overall outfit from looking too sweet." – Samantha Roman, Associate Fashion EditorClockwise: The Edit by Seventeen Mock-Neck Fit and Flare Dress, $30, Macy's; Drop Hoop Earrings, $6, Forever 21; The Edit by Seventeen Knit Moto Jacket, $35, Macy's; The Next Big Thing Black Tassel Clutch, $39, Lulu's; Studded Heel Sandals, $75, Topshop"I love to wear neutrals and minimalistic pieces, this way you can pair a variety of accessories to switch up the vibe of your look throughout the season!" – Shalaeya Brown, Associate Fashion EditorClockwise: The Edit by Seventeen Striped Pants, $24, Macy's; Dot Hoop Earrings, $40, ASOS; The Edit by Seventeen Cold Shoulder Ruffle Crop Top, $18, Macy's; Dalis Slide Sandal, $90, Steve Madden; Betina Bag, $610, Shopbop"I love that this look is girly yet relaxed. The sneakers and denim jacket give the look the perfect laid back vibe I'm looking for." – Savee Dalgo, Fashion AssistantClockwise: The Edit by Seventeen Pleated Metallic Skirt, $25, Macy's; Brent Unlined Backpack, $40, Topshop; The Edit by Seventeen Chambray Bomber Jacket, $30, Macy's; Embossed Sidewall UA Old Skool, $70, Vans; The Edit by Seventeen Off-the-Shoulder Top, $20, Macy's		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You're going to flip over this big news!Mark your calendars shopper: Old Navy's biggest sale of the summer will take place later this month.The brand's annual $1 flip-flop sale will begin in stores across the country on Saturday, June 24. And for the first time in the sale's history, you can buy a boatload of solid-colored flops online, as well as in stores.Some shoppers got a taste of deals to come on May 27 when the $1 flip-flops were available to those with an Old Navy, Gap, or Banana Republic card, according to Footwear News. And, as always, shoppers were pretty excited to stock up.  Love love love these adorable #flipflops I bought my daughter today at @oldnavy only a $1.00 a pair! They are the  perfect #summer #apparel . . . . . . . . . #Shoes #Summerfashion #Summertime #girls #watermelon 🍉🍉 #Popsicle #Popsicles #Beach #Pool #Fashion #Fashionable #Fashionista #MomBlogger #OldNavy #Feet #Footwear #Girlsfashion #Clothing #Florida #Instafashion #FashionGram #Icecream 🍦🍦#Girls #Foot #walk #Stylish #instastyleA post shared by  Nicole (@mamato6blessings) on May 27, 2017 at 12:43pm PDTLast year, the sales buzz began several months before the shopping event. "Customers start asking about the date as early as February," Julie Luker, the director of PR and partnerships at Gap Inc. and Old Navy, told Refinery29. Customers typically line up hours before the sale begins and crowd stores during the one-day event. It's the second biggest shopping day for the brand, second only to Black Friday. This year, cardholders can pre-shop the $1 flip-flops in-stores only on Saturday, June 17. The following Saturday, the sale will open up to all shoppers in stores and online. What's more, stores will open their doors at 7 a.m.—two hours earlier than usual—to give customers more time to rack up these ridiculously cheap sandals.Before you hit the ground running, you should probably know that the limit is 10 pairs of flip-flops per customer. But hey, with just a $10 bill, you can have a brand-new summer shoe collection.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Country Living US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Welcome to fashion school 101.Yesterday we were let in on the very simple reason why Ray-Ban is called Ray-Ban, and today we figured out what H&M actually stands for. When the founder, Erling Persson opened his first shop in Sweden in 1947 H&M it was simply called Hennes, which is Swedish for "Hers". That's because at the time Hennes only sold women's clothing.However, 21 years later, in 1968 Hennes changed its name after they acquired another brand, Mauritz Widforss, which was a Stockholm-based hunting and fishing equipment retailer, slightly different to women's fashion admittedly.As well as changing its name to Hennes and Mauritz, Hennes also started selling men's and children's fashion.But it wasn't until 1974 that Hennes & Mauritz finally became H&M, after the brand abbreviated its name and rebranded all its shops. Which explains why some people still call it Hennes.Follow Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan UK		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Things at J. Crew have not been peachy keen recently. After announcing the shuttering of the wedding/bridesmaid line back in November, the brand just revealed that sales have decreased for the 11th fiscal quarter in a row, according to Bloomberg. J. Crew's parent company, J. Crew Group Inc., previously laid off 250 employees, but now it's closing about 20 stores, per an investors' conference call that took place on Monday.As part of the label's new strategy, the new CEO Jim Brett will focus on bringing "stronger value" and "evolving pricing architecture to align with customer expectations." J. Crew products will also start showing up in other stores— you may have already noticed choice items appearing at Nordstrom locations across the country and online. Net-a-Porter and Bon Marché also sell J. Crew pieces now.Conversely, sister brand Madewell saw a 17 percent sales increase during the same quarter, and is reportedly opening as many as 10 new stores this year.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			On Sunday in NYC, temperatures soared to 90 degrees, which feels downright stifling as it radiates off of the tall buildings, concrete, and asphalt in the city. But while everyone else took the opportunity to wear their flowy-est dresses, shortest shorts, or just flat out bikinis around town, this is what Gigi Hadid wore:Listen, there's no denying that she looks fabulous, put-together, and all-around flawless. But the amount of layering, compiled with the fact that she was wearing both long sleeves *and* pants, just makes no effing sense. Was Gigi born without the ability to sense heat? Or without sweat glands entirely? For contrast, please note the tank-and-shorts outfit her friend, and basically everyone else, was wearing:But this isn't just Gigi's summer aesthetic. It seems like as soon as people become ~famous~ they are given the magical ability to wear whatever they want, despite the weather. It's why Kim Kardashian sports oversized coats at all times in L.A., and why no one seems to ever cover up in the winter in NYC even though everyone around them is dressed in parkas and it is freaking snowing outside.  Or else, they're just always miserable in the name of fashion, in which case, asking for a friend: Is it worth it?Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She even ordered the brand's clothes last month.New York-based clothing brand PluggedNYC is calling out Kylie Jenner for copying their camo-print co-ord sets. While the similarities between PluggedNYC's clothes and Kylie's clothes is pretty obvious to anyone with eyes, CEO Tizita Balemlay has receipts that prove the copycat designs didn't happen by accident. She has an email from a member of Kylie's team asking PluggedNYC to send the star clothing that was allegedly for a photoshoot last month. First, peep the similarities: Kylie's design is on the left, and PluggedNYC's looks are on the right. On Instagram Stories, Tizita shared screenshots of emails she had received from a member of Kylie's team.On May 2, a member of Kylie's team emailed Tizita the celeb's sizes and address, and asked to receive the "care package" in time for her to wear them for a shoot with photographer Sasha Samsonova. In a separate email that same day, the person wrote, "So happy to be connected and look forward to further working with you!! Kylie loves your pieces- especially those 2 pieces fits !"On May 19, the person wrote back, attaching the Instagram below and explaining, "Kylie is loving these tops (image attached) it's basically her favorite. I wanted to ask if it'd be possible to make custom tops for her in different colors?" one more timeA post shared by  Kylie ✨ (@kyliejenner) on Apr 30, 2017 at 6:52am PDTKylie has yet to respond to the incident, but it's not the first time she's been accused of ripping off another designer's work. In February, she was accused of copying a flame-print sweatsuit from indie brand Cake Asia, and last November, she was accused of copying a makeup artist's image (she never responded to either accusation). Furthermore, this is the second scandal involving Kylie's camo designs this week. Yesterday, people were quick to slam Perez Hilton for tweeting that Kylie is "trying to make camo bikinis a thing," when Destiny's Child famously wore camo bikinis in their "Survivor" music video. .@KylieJenner is trying to make camo bikinis a thing... https://t.co/4Z0viKQbTe pic.twitter.com/DMN2BAVDPpHannah Orenstein is the assistant features editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Twitter and Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The 21-year-old founder didn't want to make a big deal out of it.There are a few things I always expect to see when I browse a swimwear site: models with taut abs, perfect tans, golden beach waves. What I don't expect to see is a body that looks more like mine. So while browsing the newly launched, L.A.-based brand Rheya Swim, it took me by surprise: visibly striped bottoms modeling a two-piece. Sure, the bottoms were still perfectly taut and toned, and the stretch marks were subtle— but still noticeable. It made it a body that looked a little more realistic than the filtered, air-brushed to perfection butts I'm used to seeing."It was intentional," Chloe Madison, the 21-year-old founder and designer tells me, adding that the models in the photos are actually herself and her best friend. "When we got back photos from retouching it was shocking. I didn't really recognize my body–enhanced to someone else's idealistic version of it," Chloe recalls. "I sent it back and asked for all of that [retouching] to be stripped off and it made me feel better about it.""When we got back photos from retouching it was shocking. I didn't really recognize my body–enhanced to someone else's idealistic version of it""There was a level of insecurity over the stretch marks and 'blotchy skin,'" she admits. "I thought, I wonder if people are going to notice and compare it to other sites where models look completely flawless? But, ultimately I thought it was the right way to go," she says.Showing off stretch marks is just an extension of what Chloe says is a goal of her brand – to accentuate and "celebrate a variety of curves." That's why her designs always accentuate the waist, only come in solid colors (to "focus on the woman wearing the suit than the suit itself") , and feature barely-there bottoms (to show everything off–marks and all).I think what really got me is that the brand didn't make any deal out of using unretouched photos or pitch it the way others do, making body positivity the selling point for their clothes. It's just there, and I just happened to notice it. While headlines are still made out of Kendrick Lamar rapping about stretch marks, celebrities like Chrissy Teigen showing off her "stretchies," and a Victoria's Secret Angel photographed having them (gasp!)–perhaps the way the unretouched photos simply exist without fanfare (except, well, this article) is progress. This is what women look like."[Shoppers] see super photoshopped girls and think that's something they need to be and I didn't really want to celebrate that anymore," Chloe said. "I would rather purchase something I could relate to and I could see myself in as opposed to someone that doesn't even look like a real person."Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Kylie Jenner is in Miami with her rumored man Travis Scott and they are having the time of their lives. Yesterday was all about her exposed midriff and today is all about that ass. We should all take a cue from Kylie: Butts are awesome — we all got 'em, and we should all flaunt 'em! (You know, flaunt your ass by putting an article of clothing on it. What I'm saying is: when you're a woman — especially a famous woman — and you leave the house wearing literally anything you could be accused of "flaunting" your body by any eager entertainment journalist in a 2 million mile radius. So why fight it!? FLAUNT IT, LADIES! Flaunt that ass by wearing whatever the fuck you want! Just like Kylie!)Follow Seventeen on Instagram. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Only she could pull them off, TBH.At just 13 years old, Millie Bobby Brown has already established her style as one to watch–from dazzling on red carpets, to winning over Louis Vuitton's Nicholas Ghesquiére, to officially signing with modeling agency IMG, she's fully embraced fashion. That's why it's no surprise that while everyone else who saw the infamous Topshop clear-knee mom jeans thought WTF, Millie saw potential. The Stranger Things star was just spotted wearing them out and managed to make them look not only wearable, but also officially cool.Clearly, it's not an easy feat:http://ell.h-cdn.co/assets/17/19/480x757/gallery-1494363234-screen-shot-2017-05-09-at-45340-pm.pngShe wore them with a button down top and slides while meeting up with dancer Maddie Ziegler."Our customers are very early adopters who like to experiment, and we like to give them things they can experiment with," Mo Riach, Topshop's head of design told us last month while discussing the brand's out-there designs, "We want to disrupt. We want to do something that will get people talking." Millie's got our attention, that's for sure.From: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Do those camo swimsuits look familiar to you? Because they should.Kylie Jenner isn't a stranger to being accused of cultural appropriation (please see: her use of dreads, cornrows, and that time she claimed to have "started wigs"), and to say she hasn't profited off black culture specifically would be vastly inaccurate. The reality star recently released a new camo swimwear line, and is naturally being praised for "making camo swimsuits happen." But the thing is, she didn't. Destiny's Child did during the "Survivor" era.And there's a reason the above tweet went so viral: because the theme of white people getting credited for trends and cultural traditions started by minority groups is tired AF.Exactly 💅🏽 pic.twitter.com/JuiiTKg26JEvery time this girl does something, they say she is starting a trend. pic.twitter.com/Z5eEiGHfAx pic.twitter.com/DQA4O5ca9RJust in case you guys were wondering where Kyle got her idea from... pic.twitter.com/z4QGgTB4ROAhem, credit where credit is due. From: Marie Claire US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Michelle Obama was at Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference in San Jose, California on Tuesday, and besides talking about women in STEM (we need more of 'em!), she also addressed a major double standard she faced in the White House.She shared that her husband, president Barack Obama (heard of him!?), alonst always wore the same tuxedo and shoes to formal events for eight years. Now, can you even begin to imagine if a woman had done that?! I can't, and neither can Michelle."Now, people take pictures of the shoes I wear, the bracelets, the necklace — they didn't comment that for eight years he wore the same tux, same shoes," she shared. She continued: "And he was proud of it too. He's like, 'Mmm, I'm ready. I'm ready in 10 minutes. How long did it take you?' I'm like, 'Get out of here.'"So, to sum it all up:Men are all:And women are all: Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Well, wowee!Kylie Jenner was on Instagram recently and she was wearing, something, well, it can be described as nothing less than amazing. The 19-year-old media mogul is wearing a Harley Davidson ripped sweatshirt shrug. Or something. I mean, I'm not sure. Can you help me describe this, because I'm pretty sure the English language doesn't have words for it yet.  Now please take just a minute to watch this sweatshirt (?) in action:I mean, I can't help it but I kinda love it?! I expect to see it in Old Navy before fall. I volunteer my dog to chew up sweatshirts for them — she would most definitely be into it!Now, this isn't the first time that Kylie has confounded me. Earlier this year, she wore this black cropped sweatshirt, but it's somehow less insane, right?! What is happening. Please. Help me to understand.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			This week, Pinterest released their summer trend report, and the findings are very ~revealing~. Find out what your fellow Pinteresters have decided the upcoming season is all about! Searches for fur slides are up 327 percent, while searches for embellished slides are up 150 percent. BUY NOW Jova Embellished Slide, JEFFREY CAMPBELL (Available at Nordstrom), $105Get ready to see a looooooooot of checkers this summer. Searches for "gingham outfits" are up 100 percent. BUY NOW Rebecca Top, LOVERS + FRIENDS X REVOLVE, $138 Apparently, people want to wear neck scarves anywhere except on their necks. Searches for "ankle bandana" are up 225 percent, while "wrist bandana" is up 275 percent. BUY NOW Silk Bandana, REBECCA MINKOFF (Available at Nordstrom), $35 It's obvious that one-pieces are truly having their moment in the summer of 2017, but in case you need more proof: Searches for one-piece bathing suits are up by 143 percent. BUY NOW Kelly Striped Snap-Up One-Piece Swimsuit, OUT FROM UNDER (Available at Urban Outfitters), $79  The one-piece trend has also carried over to day-to-day style, with searches for bodysuits up 89 percent.  BUY NOW Body With One Sleeve Ruffle, ASOS, $29 The color that just won't give up continues to dominate, with searches up 2,400 percent. (Hint: that's a lot.) BUY NOW Edit Bag, J.CREW (Available at Nordstrom), $98 This vintage-inspired headwear is also known as a Greek fisherman hat, and searches for them have risen 327 percent. BUY NOW Fiddler Fisherman Cap, BRIXTON (Available at Nordstrom), $42 Everybody wants in on the wicker and straw tote situation. Searches have soared by 125 percent. BUY NOW St Tropez Tote Bag, KAYU (Available at Revolve), $121 The bardot style, while still going strong, has lost ground to silhouettes with one shoulder. Asymmetrical searches are up 60 percent. BUY NOW Juliana Midi Dress, LOMITA (Available at Revolve), $858 Denim never goes out of style, but people are particularly interested in jean skirts, judging by the 51 percent surge in searches this year. BUY NOW Embroidered Denim Miniskirt, TOPSHOP (Available at Nordstrom), $68Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Your handbag is about to be so much more than a place to store all your old receipts, hair ties, and purse crumbs (*shudder*). Thanks to the nostalgic clothing company Truffle Shuffle, your crossbody can become the ultimate throwback entertainment accessory. Known for their niche designs for shows like Doctor Who and Friends, the company's latest offering is a genuine Polly Pocket purse. The heart-shaped piece actually comes with a handbag-size home and dolls, so you'll never be bored anywhere you go ever again. It's the perfect gift for a '90s kid. The bags, which are only available for preorder online, are $49 and expected to ship around June 23.Just to reiterate: This... ... has now become this: BUY NOW Polly Pocket Heart-Shaped Cross Body Bag, TRUFFLE SHUFFLE, $49Isn't life amazing?Follow Seventeen on Instagram. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Famous in Love star Bella Thorne is no stranger to bold style looks, and she debuted yet another daring ensemble while out in West Hollywood this past weekend.The 19-year-old actress paired a completely sheer, polka-dotted shirt with satin track pants and printed white cowboy boots. Thorne is fond of changing up her hair, and its current iteration — long to the point of boob-grazing and bleach-blonde — gives her a rocker mermaid look. The actress's sheer shirt also shows off her key necklace resting right on its neckline.Thorne is now somewhat of a style section regular, thanks to outfits that go right up to the line of extra: Thorne also made news recently when she hung out with Kourtney Kardashian ex Scott Disick at Cannes, but she appears to currently be seeing her own ex, Gregg Sulkin. The world awaits her next move, style-wise or otherwise, with baited breath.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.					We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			We need more tissues over here.If like us, you don't know if your eyes will every be dry again after Ariana Grande's One Love Manchester concert, you might want to stop reading now.After what was both an incredibly emotional and powerful night, we have a whole new level of respect for 23-year-old Ariana.In fact, this Tweet pretty much sums up how we feel right now... pic.twitter.com/HGIZ8uVVlTBut while we were singing along and crying from our sofa at home, there was one very special tribute that completely passed us by. One of the performers was our fave Katy Perry and we were so engrossed watching her belt out Part of Me and Roar that we completely missed her outfit. We're not crying, you are. Ok, fine, we're both crying again.Yep, the back of Katy's outfit was covered with pictures of the victims from the horrific Manchester attack and we can't think of a more touching tribute.Luckily the Internet noticed and just like us, they couldn't cope.I THINK KATY PERRY HAD PICUTRES OF THE VICTIMS ON THE BACK OF HER DRESS IM CRYING #OneLoveManchesterAnd @katyperry's dress honouring those who lost their lives. Such a small, yet touching, tribute. Absolutely loved #OneLoveManchester. 🐝❤️Katy Perry has photos of the victims on her dress. 😭😭 She's honestly an angel. #OneLoveManchesterKaty, we heart you.To donate £5 to the We Love Manchester fund, text LOVE to 70507. Texts cost £5 plus your standard network rate, with 100% of your donation going to the We Love Manchester Fund.Follow Seventeen on Instagram. From: Cosmopolitan UK		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She's practically a quick change artist.Selena Gomez is in New York spending time with her boyfriend, Abel Tesfaye (better known as The Weeknd), but her style has taken centerstage. On Saturday, she wore not one, not two, but three different outfits. Selena started the day shopping in Soho with friends. She wore a tight pair of jeans, a fuzzy, striped crop top, and orange sandals. Then, she changed for dinner, opting for a short floral dress for dinner at Park Side Restaurant in Queens, according to Daily Mail.Finally, she changed into a navy dress with buckles to go out for the night.So to recap: One day, three looks, total perfection. From: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Kendall Jenner donned a gorgeous floral flock to attend the Veuve Cliquot Polo Classic in Jersey City on Saturday afternoon. The hydrangea print mini-dress is from Dolce & Gabbana's Ortensia collection, and is covered in a crystal and pearl embellishments. I would've killed for this outfit for my Barbie when I was seven, so I really dig this look. Also here's a rude boy who wants to take a picture with Kendall more than anybody has ever wanted to do anything. He's so rude! Being a celebrity is both wonderful and terrible! 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Good American has released a statement in response. An independent clothing designer is accusing Khloé Kardashian of copying her work.In a tweet posted Friday, Khloé celebrated some of her Good American looks. She posted a star-studded video of various famous women sporting her apparel with the caption, "I always have the BEST time on set with my #GOODSQUAD! How many beautiful, kickass ladies can you spot in my @goodamerican campaign video?" However, not everyone was thrilled about the post. In response, designer Destiney Bleu, the woman behind dbleudazzled, which specializes in custom crystallized lingerie and swimwear, re-tweeted Khloé, along with the caption, "When someone buys 1 of everything on your site, has you make them custom @dbleudazzled work, never posts it or wears it, then copies it." If you look at the bedazzling in Khloé's above video, you'll notice it's very similar to work seen on Destiney's Instagram.  Destiney tweeted that Khloé bought clothing in December, and she thought that the reality star was holding off on wearing it until the NBA Finals. "Nope. It was all being sent away to copy," she finished. She also claims that she sent Khloé's assistant an email calling her out on the whole situation and has not heard back yet.Although some people on Twitter attempted to defend Khloé by attacking Destiney, she also received overwhelming amounts of support.In a series of tweets, Destiney explained how she feels about the situation. "I had stylists friends working on the Good American set and they told me they were shook when they saw her black x nude @dbleudazzled copies," she wrote.She continued: "Dazzle is my livelihood. I pay 3 rents, 5 employees & handmake everything. I did it w/no investment or guidance, I'll always fight for this.""I have an epic resume and have outstanding relationships with my clients. Im not sitting back and letting this snake shit slide...I know its prolly unprofessional of me to spill the tea but I've had it with these non creative millionaires stealing from indie designers."When someone tried to Twitter-splain (TM) what Destiney needed to do re: copyrighting and incorporating, she expert-level responsed, "Im trademarked already and lawyered up"Cosmopolitan.com has reached out to Khloé for comment and will update this post if she responds. Update 6/3/17, 5pm EST: Good American released a statement to Cosmopolitan.com. "Under no circumstances did Good American or Khloe Kardashian infringe on another brand’s intellectual property," they wrote. They added that they are "going through the proper legal channels to handle the situation."From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Men's fashion is undergoing a bit of a metamorphosis: In May, a company called ACED Design released the RompHim, or brightly-colored male rompers, on Kickstarter — and people had a lot to say about it. Now, streetwear brand Hologram City has entered the fray, introducing sheer, lace shorts and short-sleeve button-downs for men.The look was first designed by Hologram City owner Hoza Rodriguez for NYC-based rapper Cazwell's latest music video. In it, he and four other men sport the colorful designs with coordinating shirts, tube socks, and bright white sneakers. But while a group of guys sporting lace in a music video is unique, lace shorts for men have actually been around for a while. Popsugar noted that Versace showed men in similar styles on the runway in 2013 and Gucci did the same in 2015.Many commenters oppose the ensemble, writing things like, "If your man wears these it is time to trade her in for a real man," and more on Twitter.Honestly, though, why shouldn't guys have fun with fashion? Life's too short to confine yourself to a few traditional items of clothing. So, men, wear all the rompers and all the see-through lace shorts if you want to (you can shop them all below)! BUY NOW Lace Me Up Collared Shirt, HOLOGRAM CITY, $49 BUY NOW Lace Me Up Shorts, HOLOGRAM CITY, $49 BUY NOW The Original RompHim, ACED Design, $119-$139		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			If you are what you eat, then why not wear your love of Big Macs on your sleeve?McDonald's is releasing a collection of Big Mac-inspired t-shirts, hats, bags and cell phone cases in partnership with Japanese clothing brand Beams today. The Big Mac merch will be on sale on the Japanese site Rakuten, but they ship internationally so you'll be able to get your hands on these items. However, unless you can read Japanese, you'll need Google Translate handy. You'll also need to act quickly. Only 300 of each item is for sale for 3,900 yen (about $35 at press time).Here's the full collection: If you weren't able to get your hands on a bottle of Big Mac sauce last winter, they're also selling 300 jars of Big Mac sauce for 1,900 yen or about $17 each. These items go on sale at midnight in Tokyo or 11am EST today.(h/t Mashable)		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Here's where to buy it. Apparently even when you're a chart-topping mega superstar like Selena Gomez with a closet stuffed full of designer clothes, the siren call of Topshop is still impossible to resist. (I feel you, girl.) And that's really good news, because it means you can actually afford to steal the pop star's latest outfit. The "It Ain't Me" singer wore the cutest Topshop turtleneck while cuddling a very cute dog named Freddy (who incidentally has his own Instagram).  A boop for Selena 🐶A post shared by  Freddy Collins (@freshlikefreddy) on May 27, 2017 at 6:02am PDT Doin a relax 😴A post shared by  Freddy Collins (@freshlikefreddy) on May 29, 2017 at 4:24pm PDTThe majorly cozy top in question is only $16. SIXTEEN! And what's even more amazing? I hasn't sold out yet (major emphasis on the yet). Shop it here, then go forth and live your most Selena life. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Sock boots are actually pretty cute. I've spent the better part of my life trying to claw my way up to Kylie Jenner's level of slay. I've rocked her signature "vague arm raise."I've bought all her Lip Kits.I've worn her surprisingly gross clear booties.So when some genius bloggers figured out how to DIY Kylie's favorite Yeezy boots for only $5, I couldn't pass up the chance to rock my idol's favorite trend for less than a Starbucks frap. All you need for the surprisingly easy dupe is a pair of pointed-toe pumps, tube socks in a matching color, slip-resistant shoe pads, and a pair of scissors. I snipped a hole in the heels of my socks. Then slipped them over my shoes and stuck the traction pads to the bottom. The result looked shockingly similar to Kylie's. They're no $895 Yeezys, but they're good enough for this Kylie wannabe. Watch the full tutorial here.Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She's delivering that fish-caught-in-netting realness.Bella Hadid is still in France, and still working them ~sassy, see-through looks~. On Saturday, she put on an itty bitty white thong bikini and wrapped herself in some expensive fish netting and HIT THE TOWN. She's one sexy mackerel! What a dish! Or, I guess she also kinda looks like a couch arm at your grandma's house — covered in crocheted doily and ready to party!I don't know what I'm saying, but I can't wait to see the tan lines after this one. They're gonna be legit. [instagram align='center' id='BUm4ShmhtN9']Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Here's what happened.A man bicycling around Columbus Circle stops his bike in the middle of traffic. "Is that a male romper? Are you f****** kidding me? You tell your fashion editors that male rompers are NOT FASHION," he shouts as we, and five men in rompers, make our way to Central Park for a photo shoot. Then he breaks into a chant: "No male rompers! No male rompers! No male rompers!"After the Original RompHim launched on Kickstarter last week, the internet had been abuzz about the existence of a one piece aimed at bros. Was there really a place in mainstream menswear for such a novelty item? We even dug deeper to see what style experts thought about the concept of a romper for dudes (in short: a mixed reaction). But talking about brompers wasn't enough to get a feel for the impact. We needed to find out what it felt like to wear a romper. So we recruited five real dudes to go where few men had gone before: for a walk around one of New York City's most densely populated areas. Wearing a romper. Here's what they wore, how they felt, and what passersby screamed in their faces. Shom is Wearing: Onepiece Boombox JumpsuitInitial romper thoughts: "I don't find the idea of wearing a romper that weird. I grew up around motorcycles and cars, and we called what we wore overalls, but it's the same single piece idea as a romper. I also wear a one-piece when I do competitive road cycling."Wearing a romper feels like: "Wearing a dress—not that I have that much experience in it. It feels easy, and you're not messing around with it every time you sit down. It lays how it lays, and that's it." Would you recommend wearing one? "One hundred percent. Especially the one I'm wearing—I would seek this one out. Actually, where did you get it?"  KP is wearing: Mr. Turk Keller 2 Jumpsuit Initial romper thoughts: "Before I wore one: 'This is gonna be freaking ridiculous.' After I put it on: 'Damn! This isn't nearly as bad as I thought it would be. Actually... this is a solid look.'" Wearing a romper feels like: "A classic mechanic's suit. I'm pretty sure mine is the most low-key, and feels the most me compared to the other ones. If I didn't feel like I'd get extra attention, I would definitely wear it." Would you recommend wearing one? "Romper life is simple and easy and not about over-thinking things: yes/no, go/no-go. Don't overthink it." Dave is wearing: Onepiece Lake JumpsuitInitial romper thoughts: "I feel like I lucked out in terms of the cut of this one. From the waist up, it's pretty nice—it looks like a mechanic's jumpsuit. But from the waist down, it's kind of a drop-crotch situation, so I think if it wasn't so drop-crotch-y it would be better. But for the most part, I feel ridiculous, yeah."Wearing a romper feels like: "I mean, I've never worn a dress before so I'm used to having a belt or button supporting my waist, but the material of this one is super comfortable." What should guys know about wearing a romper? "The first rule of romper club is don't join romper club. The second rule of romper club is if you're going to join romper club, make sure you get one that fits." Would you recommend wearing one? "Absolutely not. Under no circumstance could I, in good conscience, recommend anybody wear a romper at any point. Unless you're chilling on Richard Branson's island and he gave you a romper and said you could only stay if you wore the romper. Maybe then, yeah."  Jake is wearing: The Original RompHim Initial romper thoughts: "My style is normally pretty conservative—jeans and a T-shirt or business casual for work. I thought the romper was funny and novel, but maybe not something I'd wear for real."Wearing a romper feels like: "It's an interesting feel because there's nothing on your waist. You feel a little naked, actually. I understand why women would enjoy it—it feels pretty good and breezy. Outside of the breeziness, the really low crotch is not great." Would you recommend wearing one? "This could be a strength in numbers play. If you and your buddies want to wear it for a bachelor party, or you want to wear it in the park and you're going to be hammering rosé because it's summer? Then sure, yeah. But if you're going to buy one because you think you can wear this instead of shorts and button-down at a bar, then, no, this is not the play." Joe is wearing: Chubbies Onesie (technically meant for indoor chilling) Initial romper thoughts: "My normal style isn't too different, but I do normally wear two pieces of clothing. The color of mine was great—look at these pineapples!" Wearing a romper feels like: "I felt like a little kid. It really brings out a lot of playful attitude. This one wasn't as mobility-restricting as the other ones might be. I don't know what this is made out of, but it is mighty fine. Chubbies!"Would you recommend wearing one?: "Yeah, they're fun. I'd also recommend a regular onesie. I'd also recommend Crocs. Why not? And pinwheel hats. But that's just my style."  "That is badass. You guys look hot.""Wait, what is that? No, seriously where did you get it?""Dude, were you in Pike?"(Into cellphone): "Oh my god. They're having a f****** photo shoot with guys in f****** rompers. I'm dead. I'm f****** dead."From: Esquire US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Thong sandals, no less.High heels are par for the course on the red carpet. Gal Gadot is not about that life. At last night's Hollywood premiere of Wonder Woman, the star opted for a $50 pair of gold thong sandals from Aldo instead.She wore them under a red, sequined Givenchy gown. When asked on the red carpet about why she chose flats, she had an easy answer: "It's more comfortable! That's it." In fact, Gal has been committed to wearing flats throughout her press tour.Hero, indeed.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.					We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			FLOTUS continues her international tour in Italian luxury.President Donald Trump and First Lady Melania Trump have been on their first international tour since taking office in January—and with that means an international wardrobe for the FLOTUS. Since their arrival in Italy, Melania has looked to Italian designers Dolce & Gabbana for many of her looks, whether meeting the Pope or the Italian Prime Minister. Today, she stepped out in Catania wearing another piece by Dolce & Gabbana that came with quite the price tag. All eyes were on Melania as she arrived at Chierici Palace in a colorful 3-D floral embroidered jacket, priced at $51,500. She also carried a matching clutch for $1,630, but beneath her coat she kept it simple in a beige sheath and coordinating pumps. While President Trump continues his G7 summit duties, the First Lady will tour Sicily with her fellow G7 summit spouses.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Harper's BAZAAR US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Pssst, they're in here.DIYs can lead to jagged edges and one leg ending up longer than the other until you end up with denim diapers trying to even them out. Store-bought, though safer, doesn't guarantee 100 percent satisfaction either, with the risk of weird crotches and pre-rolled hems. The search for the perfect cutoff jean shorts never ends—except here, with these 10 pairs, it just might. Those who can't...buy. (Though how will you know if you don't try?) H&M, $30; hm.com.Whip(stitch) it real good.  Topshop, $60; topshop.com.Okay, adding awnings to a preexisting pair is probably too difficult. Mango, $50; shop.mango.com.The culottes of shorts, because no matter what the haters say, awkward pants are still it. Gap, $20; gap.com.The RompHim's main draw is the zipper fly; this has that *and* decorative buttons. 💪Zara, $36; zara.com.Also v. French with the high rise and symmetry, but in a more relaxed Bardot way. (Though you wouldn't want to get melted fior di latte on these either.) Aritzia, $65; aritzia.com.Or these highly classic, darker-wash ones that come pre-turned-up.J.Crew, $80; jcrew.com.Just call this guy Goldilocks: not too tight, not too short, with a just-right broken-in feel and wash.Black Orchid, $154; blackorchid.com.As with everything else the French brand produces, these are the platonic ideal. So for once in your life, try not to drip hot dog juice onto the bleached denim.APC, $130; net-a-porter.com.Meanwhile, back in the good ol' US of A, we've got these acid-dripped, exposed-button-fly Bombshell shorts. Good American, $155; goodamerican.com.From: Marie Claire US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Toss your flip-flops.Whether or not swimming is on the agenda.If Zenon threw a pool party, you know she'd be all over these.Nike Benassi JDI Ultra Prem Slides, $50, six02.com. Logo Slider Shoes by Ivy Park, $35, topshop.com.Metallic Slide Flat Sandal by Kaltur, $26, asos.com. Keep things chill in some no-fuss, waterproof slides, or try a luxe style, like Fenty's satin slip-ons, with your summer dresses. 'Adilette' Slide Sandal by Adidas, $45, nordstrom.com.Bubble Slide Sandals, $80, torysport.com. Fenty Bow Women's Slide Sandals, $90, puma.com.The Form Crossover Sandal, $118, everlane.com.Mod, daisy-embellished pool slides are a full-on thing. This is great news, because they'll take your denim shorts and summer tees to the next level in about five seconds. Daisy Pool Slides, $15, urbanoutfitters.com. Daisy Slides, $150, marcjacobs.com. Floral-Embellished Rubber Slides by Prada, $390, net-a-porter.com. Trade your checkerboard Vans sneakers for the brand's summer sandals, dress up your jeans with MSGM's fringed slip-ons, or pick up a pair of slides emblazoned with your favorite '90s cartoon. Womens Slide On, $30, vans.com.Pool Slide Sandals, $12, ae.com. Rocko Group, $50, islideusa.com.Fringed Pool Slides by MSGM, $295, farfetch.com. From: Sweet		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			How can anything that exists be this see-through???Bella Hadid has returned to Cannes after a brief stop in Rome for today's amfAR gala. After mastering the high-leg slit and Old Hollywood ball gown on the Cannes Film Festival red carpet, she went for the most delicate, sparkly naked dress of the week by René Caovilla. It's very ice goddess......and also barely hanging on there, so a little help was required to make sure it laid just right at one point:Ah, perfect.From: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Chuck Taylors ftw!Middle school is full of earth-shattering milestones: your first school dance, your first *real* kiss, your first pair of Converse, which you probably customized to fit your own personal brand of teen angst. I still remember mine – classic black Chuck Taylors with a piece of blue duct tape over one toe, graffiti on the other, and really ugly pink star-spangled laces from Hot Topic. #memories Representing the DA on my necklace and Sirius with my (interactive 😝) wand. #hp4lyfe ⚡️⚡️⚡️⚡️A post shared by  Kelsey Stiegman (@klstieg) on Dec 16, 2014 at 8:20am PSTThat tween-years nostalgia (AKA, the same reason I will listen to Fall Out Boy until the day I die) is probably why Converse just won best shoe from Polyvore, Refinery29 reports. The iconic sneaker company had the highest search rates in every single US state. Woah.The senior fashion editor at Polyvore told Refinery29 that these across-the-board results are pretty rare. "I can't remember the last time one brand dominated the country this way. It's pretty impressive," said Amy Wicks.Don't cry too many tears, my fellow emo kids and skaters – Vans won spot numero dos in 48 states.  A tribute to the emo phase I never grew out of 💀🎧💿✖️A post shared by  Kelsey Stiegman (@klstieg) on Sep 3, 2015 at 4:21pm PDTLONG LIVE MY PRE-TEEN FASHION SENSE!Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It seems like every week, there's a new denim style that makes everyone scratch their heads. There was that pair of jeans with "knee windows," followed by clear plastic jeans, because why not?Just when you thought it was over, a new design has come along that makes absolutely no sense.2 Jeans Dress, 6397 (Available at Shopbop), $445BUY NOWShopbop is selling what they're calling the "2 Jeans Dress" by 6397 for $445. And that's literally what it is: two pairs of denim pants, sewn together in dress form. You can actually clearly see the pants' upside-down silhouettes — one in a medium wash and one in a dark wash — in the dress. The pockets are still there, as are the flies and buttons. Why does this exist and who is buying it? The world may never know. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Joanne would be proud. Claws up, monsters! Her tour hasn't even started yet, but you can already snag Lady Gaga's Joanne merch. She released an exclusive line at Urban Outfitters covered in neon writing and pics of Joanne herself. Check out the whole collab while you wait not-so-patiently for August 1. Claws up, monsters! Her tour hasn't even started yet, but you can already snag Lady Gaga's Joanne merch. She released an exclusive line at Urban Outfitters covered in neon writing and pics of Joanne herself. Check out the whole collab while you wait not-so-patiently for August 1.Lady Gaga Joanne Tee, $28Lady Gaga Joanne Muscle Tee, $34Lady Gaga Joanne Tour Long Sleeve Tee, $38Lady Gaga Joanne Tour Tee, $28Lady Gaga Joanne Tour Dad Hat, $29Lady Gaga Joanne Tote Bag, $16Lady Gaga Joanne Long Sleeve Tee, $39Lady Gaga Joanne Hoodie Sweatshirt, $59Lady Gaga Joanne Tour Bomber Jacket, $279Lady Gaga Sketch Long Sleeve Tee, $38		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Oh.Yesterday, Kendall Jenner walked the Fashion for Relief red carpet at Cannes, wearing an Alexander Vauthier Haute Couture top and jean shorts. Yes, jean shorts.She belted the shorts with Swarovski crystal waistband because how else do you make jorts black tie?!?!The silhouette looks a lot like the Giambattista Valli Haute Couture number she wore last week:Except, again, with jorts...because...sure.From: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Butterfly crowns! Bows! Fashion!!On the E! red carpet before the Billboard Music Awards, co-host Vanessa Hudgens promised "a lot of outfits changes, a lot" — and there were many, indeed. Bows made an appearance on the carpet; a butterfly crown popped up during the broadcast; and then there were these six other incredible ensembles. (Drake was into them.) Here, all 8 outfits she wore last night.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram! #VanessaHudgens looks like an actual princess at the #BBMAs 💕🌸🎀A post shared by  Seventeen (@seventeen) on May 21, 2017 at 4:10pm PDTFrom: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Hey, it's like 85 degrees in Los Angeles. Hey, it's like 85 degrees in Los Angeles. My biggest question: Did she dye this gown to flawlessly match her skin tone? She paired a bra and trench coat-inspired skirt with heeled sandals featuring thigh-high straps. It's like that scary dream where you're naked at school, except it's all planned and actually looks great!Edgy cut-outs on the bodice and skirt make this gown a show-stopper. She went slightly sheer. With a black bra, briefs, and boots underneath the dress, she was actually pretty covered. The delicate sleeves are so stunning.Wow.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			And she looked AMAZING!Rita Ora is definitely a risk-taker when it comes to her red carpet fashion choices, and she lived up to her rep on the Billboard Music Awards red carpet.Rita looked all business on top, wearing a white, bejeweled top with puff sleeves, but she took some major risks on the bottom.For one, she wore a mesh, see-through skirt with nothing but a leotard underneath.The back of her dress is even riskier. The singer/actress turned around for the cameras to reveal... a thong!There aren't many people brave enough to rock this look, but Rita totally pulled it off. Not to mention, she was probably keeping super cool in the 98° Las Vegas, Nevada sun!Stylish AND practical!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			And half a trench coat. The queen of never wearing shirts on the red carpet has struck again! Halsey arrived at the 2017 Billboard Music Awards wearing a bra, a trench skirt, and over-the-knee strappy heels a la Kendall Jenner. Because the '90s are now, she rocked massive hoops and an armful of matching cuffs. No one slays like Halsey. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			And you've never seen a halter like this before.Lea Michele is set to perform her hit "Cannonball" from her sophomore album Places at the Billboard Music Awards tonight. As you know from her years on Glee, she nails every performance. But while we wait for her to sing, can we take a sec to talk about this show-stopping black gown? It features an unusual neckline — a halter top plus spaghetti straps — with diagonal panels along the bodice and skirt that reveal hundreds of tiny cut-outs to create a sheer effect. She finished the look with a knotted updo and black and gold drop earrings. So edgy, so perfect. Hannah Orenstein is the assistant features editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Twitter and Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She pulled it off flawlessly.For Camila Cabello's first Billboard Music Awards without Fifth Harmony, she showed up in a fiery red-orange lace slip dress with a matching robe from Jonathan Simkhai's Pre-Fall 2017 collection.Girl is NOT playing around. She looks INCREDIBLE. In fact, this color is so gorgeous on her, I think she should be legally required to wear it every day for the rest of her life. She's nominated in the Top Rap Collaboration category for "Bad Things" alongside Machine Gun Kelly. Her stylist Law Roach explained to Billboard, "The look is very boudoir and very sexy. I really wanted to speak to her Cuban heritage. She's Latina and showing that off is really important to her and me as well, so this look plays to her heritage and her personality."Camila had never worn this color or silhouette on the red carpet, according to Law, so he chose this new look to "help her create this new persona of Camila Cabello, the artist." This is how you do award show (or prom) fashion — glam enough to slay, comfy enough that you can drag around your robe and feel like you're in your PJs. TFW you know you killed it. Hannah Orenstein is the assistant features editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Twitter and Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's lit, fam. It's lit, fam. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			And totally slayed.Kristen Stewart stepped out on the Cannes Film Festival red carpet for the 120 Beats Per Minute (120 Battements Par Minute) screening wearing an outfit that is just as unique is she is—which is to say very unique.  The actress wore a Chanel dress with a patterned, grey skirt with suspenders and a peach bandeaux top. Stewart's super short hair perfectly showed off the back of the dress.  She opened up about the dress code at Cannes—and how it's changing for the better. "There's definitely a distinct dress code, right? People get very upset at you if you don't wear heels, but I feel that you can't ask people that anymore. It's just a given," Stewart told The Hollywood Reporter in an interview. "If you're not asking guys to wear heels and a dress, you can't ask me either… Even four years ago, it was not even a question, you have to wear a dress. But now, it's awesome. You can't do that anymore!" Kristen Stewart​ on breaking #Cannes2017 fashion rules: "If you're not asking guys to wear heels and a dress, you can't ask me either." pic.twitter.com/ynE2ZgEPeM"But, still, I'm super stoked about what I'm wearing tonight," Kristen added, referring to the gorgeous Le Silla shoes she walked the carpet in. She didn't go subtle with her beauty look, either. K-Stew complimented her unique with a dramatic cat-eye.  After this look, Kristen is in the running for Queen of Cannes.From: Harper's BAZAAR US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Could this have been an accident?The Cannes Film Festival is in full swing and, on Friday night, the Chopard SPACE Party was the place to be. The event was hosted by Chopard's co-president Caroline Scheufele and Rihanna to celebrate the launch of the brand and singer's collaboration, Rihanna Loves Chopard.Celebrity guests included models Kendall Jenner and Bella Hadid, who dressed very similarly for the event. Both stars shimmered in silver and white gowns. Kendall wore Ralph & Russo Spring 2017 Couture with Chopard jewelry:  Bella wore a Roberto Cavalli gown:  Bella even shared a picture of their twinning looks on Instagram, because friendship.  Both of these looks are amazing and, even if it wasn't a planned coordinating look, Kendall and Bella don't seem to mind it. From: Harper's BAZAAR US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Worth the risk.Kendall Jenner is at the Cannes Film Festival in France and it's safe to say she's owning it. The model just walked the red carpet for the screening of 120 Beats Per Minute (120 Battements Par Minute) in a thoroughly stunning gown. The gorgeous dress is Giambattista Valli Haute Couture. It's SO. FLOWY.And yes, it look amazing from every angle. In fact, it might even look more magical from the back.Fashion dominance doesn't come without a little risk, though, and Kendall looks like she's actively battling a wind-induced wardrobe malfunction on the carpet. Worth it though. This look is so worth the risk. From: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Yet another questionable denim trend has arrived.We've seen a lot of questionable jean trends this year from Topshop's clear plastic jeans to Vetement's bum-bearing offering. Now, Opening Ceremony has teamed up with the Y/Project to create a pair of detachable jeans than turn into super-short shorts, originally spotted by the Metro.While attached the jeans show off your "under-butt" and are separated by unbuttoning the trousers to reveal some high-rise shorts and come in two colors, acid wash and black. The brand describes the eye-catching jeans as "2-in-1 Y/Project trousers [which] come in a straight-leg silhouette with slim-fitting, detachable shorts that feature high-rise cutouts along the front."If that wasn't enough, the Opening Ceremony and Y/Project collaboration has also come up with a pair of garter strap jeans.The jeans range from €405.86 ($450) for the acid wash detachable offering to €482.86 ($536) for the garter strap jeans at Opening Ceremony.From: Harper's BAZAAR UK		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It "just" took four years and 10,000 candies.The internet is always down for new rainbow things, whether they're related to hair (rainbow roots), home goods (rainbow tears, via a unicorn candle, of course), or makeup (rainbow highlighter). Now artist Emily Seilhamer has upped the ante with a gorgeous rainbow dress — that just happens to be made out of 10,000 Starburst candy wrappers. As shared on Bored Panda, Seilhamer recruited her family and friends to gather enough wrappers to make her rainbow dream come true. All in all, it took four years to gather, link, and sew the dress together. The result is pretty impressive, and super cute to boot.Many of Seilhamer's art projects are done in the spirit of upcycling, where materials that would normally be thrown away or set aside are repurposed for new uses. Many of her other projects have a similar whimsical, crafty bent:Of course, Seilhamer is also an amazing painter:The use of Starbursts for her dress isn't totally random. In her original Facebook post, Seilhamer shares her personal reason for choosing the chewy candy: She and her husband met when he offered her a candy, years before she turned that inspiration into a dress.Naturally, she finished off the outfit with a corsage (made out of a Starburst bag) and Starburst wrapped-flats. Check out the whole outfit on Bored Panda.From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The unicorn craze reaches the red carpet.Unicorns, those damned mythical creatures that refuse to return to whatever enchanted forest the came from, have finally reached one of the most glamorous red carpets: the Cannes Film Festival. Elle Fanning, who arrived for the debut of her latest film, Sofia Coppola's The Beguiled, wore a strapless Vivienne Westwood gown featuring a hand-painted unicorn on the train.It's beautifully subtle–it kind of looks floral when you're just glancing quickly–but it adds a fun touch that's perfect for the 19-year-old actress. There are also illustrations of a shooting star named Elle, hearts, and the planet Gaia all in pink.Apparently, the unicorn was Elle's idea and is a nod to Westwood's Birds of Paradise dresses from her Spring 2005 collection. The corseted piece also took design inspiration from 17th and 18th century salon culture. It took 10 people to make the dress, which took more than 300 hours over 10 days to finish by hand.Magical.From: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's basically the law of the land that if you have to clarify that something traditionally feminine is for a man, you're gonna invite some side-eyeing. Take RompHim, a Kickstarter that promises to bring the all-in-one ease and comfort of the romper to men, but like, without the girly connotations of an actual romper.Naturally, Twitter users had lots to say about the RompHim. Whether they were suggesting new, "male-friendly" materials or riffing on the name, clearly folks had a field day imagining the RompHim's target demographic and branding strategy: Guys it's hommeper, not RompHim. smhWhy did they call the rompers "RompHIM" and not "LederBROsen" come onMichael Bluth (tired): "What are you wearing, Buster?" Buster: "It's called a RompHIM, it's for *men* Michael. Adult men." pic.twitter.com/xhDMDUe2zIromphim? i hardly know him pic.twitter.com/ll67xUH2NMAnother reason folks went after the RompHim isn't necessarily because of the core idea itself. Rather, it's the idea that rompers somehow need a hyper-masculine update in order to appeal to men. After all, as BuzzFeed writer Bim Adewunmi pointed out, it's not as though rompers haven't appeared on men in pop culture:if you're chatting rompers for men and not paying homage to maybe the most iconic male romper-on-film you're not even serious, bruv pic.twitter.com/6UNqKGK1VcIt's easy to make the RompHim the butt of internet jokes, and the Kickstarter's marketing suggests that to some extent, they're in on the joke. But other Twitter users expressed frustration that the RompHim had to play up its novelty status at all. After all, why shouldn't men be able to wear rompers, whether they're RompHims or not?Why are y'all so disappointing? Even if it's a joke, I'm so tired of renaming things so men can feel more "secure" wearing them. 🙄 #romphim pic.twitter.com/x08azMBxAKIf you're a woman who loves rompers, chances are that other folks would love rompers for the same reasons. They may not be the most convenient clothing choice, but they can be super comfortable and flattering. Of course, if more men started wearing rompers, RompHims or otherwise, there's a part of the internet that'll gladly take in this new male-centric style: Any men want to send me pics of them in a romper to see if it looks right before they step out, my DMs are open		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			For the first time, Victoria's Secret is displaying some very recognizable pieces from its fashion show runways in what's officially called the Victoria's Secret Museum, located in their flagship store on Fifth Avenue in NYC. The exhibit includes the bondage-light getup Gigi Hadid wore down the runway and the flowy gray number Bella Hadid wore while strutting past The Weeknd on stage.Other memorable ensembles include the glittery catsuits that Stella Maxwell wore in 2016 and Candice Swanepoel wore in 2015.A roster of every model who has ever walked the show, from Tyra Banks to Kendall Jenner, is also on display and has been signed by all the women who walked in the 2016 show.Definitely not your typical day at the museum.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Glitterati has teamed up with Disney to make a line of Disney Princess inspired prom dresses, and there are some really beautiful ones! And the price point isn't too steep — I think? What do prom dresses go for these days? Anyway, these are all obviously ~loosely~ inspired, and so I took my best guesses as to which princess (or witch!) they might be for, but let me know where I'm wrong. Because I know I'm wrong.Elsa-inspired gown? $450, Disney Forever Enchanted Cinderella-inspired gown? $570, Disney Forever Enchanted Ariel-inspired gown? $310, Disney Forever Enchanted Snow White-inspired gown? $378, Disney Forever Enchanted Belle-inspired or Tiana-inspired gown? $270, Disney Forever Enchanted Maleficent-inspired gown? $478, Disney Forever Enchanted Another Ariel-inspired gown? $498, Disney Forever Enchanted Snow White-inspired gown? $358, Disney Forever Enchanted Another Snow White-inspired gown? $378, Disney Forever Enchanted Another Elsa-inspired gown? $318, Disney Forever Enchanted Aurora-inspired gown? $570, Disney Forever Enchanted This one just appears to be glittery Jungle Book? $570, Disney Forever Enchanted Snow White-inspired gown? $398, Disney Forever Enchanted Sexy Belle-inspired? Or maybe Tiana?? $278, Disney Forever Enchanted Tiana? Belle? Pocahontas? $398, Disney Forever Enchanted Aurora-inspired gown? $510, Disney Forever Enchanted And finally, Elsa? Maleficent? Hmm... 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The model reveals the challenges and advantages of wearing one of the Met Gala's most talked-about looks.Last week's Rei Kawakubo-themed Met Gala prompted numerous stars to eschew the safe confines of mermaid dresses and Disney princess gowns, including Bella Hadid – whose Alexander Wang bodysuit was one of the night's most talked-about looks.The sheer piece featured all-over beading with a plunging back and an off-the-shoulder neckline. However, Hadid says it didn't come without its challenges."It was nerve-wracking," she told Harper's BAZAAR UK. "I couldn't pee because I was sewn in from the top. I put my foot in the wrong part of the leotard at one point, so I had to take it off and put it back on again. It was hassle, but worth it.""Alex [Wang] made just one piece for me and didn't really give me a choice," she laughed. "Once I put it on, I loved it. He knew I'd be worried to wear it, but he wanted to put me in that piece so I obviously wasn't going to say no to him. I trusted him and we worked it out together. It was definitely a moment for me because when would I have thought to wear a catsuit on the Met Gala red carpet?"Nerves aside, Hadid is pleased that she didn't play it safe. Ultimately, it was the perfect occasion, given the event and the theme, to go bold and experiment."If there's any event that you're going to be daring at, it's the Met," she said. "I was worried because it is a very prestigious carpet and a lot of fashion people were going to be there. I was worried about wearing a catsuit when other people were wearing full gowns, but fashion is about taking risks and I wore a crystallized full bodysuit to the Met Ball. I guess that was the risk that I took and it was really fun."The advantages of wearing a catsuit on the red carpet (aside than looking incredible in front of your ex and his new girlfriend — always a plus regardless of whether you're on good terms or not) is that, unlike more rigid gowns, you can actually move in it."It was also really comfortable," she said. "When you watch videos from the night, I'm literally skipping on the red carpet — I was the one person who could actually sprint on the red carpet, so that was pretty ace."As for the night itself, it sounds pretty unforgettable. Hadid found herself at the head table in front of the stage ("I don't how it happened") with Frank Ocean, A$AP Rocky, Alexander Wang, Amy Schumer, Jake Gyllenhaal and Madonna."I had so much fun from the moment I got on the red carpet until the moment it all ended," she said. "I was with the best group of people. I talked to so many people… I laughed for four hours straight. It was just the most amazing night." From: Harper's BAZAAR UK		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The pics are breathtaking.Halima Aden, the badass teen from Minnesota who became the first Muslim to walk in New York Fashion Week while wearing her hijab, has appeared in her first-ever campaign and the images are absolutely stunning. In the ads, which are for luxury modest online retailer The Modist, Halima wears various floor-length gowns and jackets in the most beautiful colors and patterns. She also adorns her head with soft pink and taupe hijabs. The limited-edition kaftans in the photos are part of a special collection of pieces available exclusively at Themodist.com, made in celebration of Ramadan.Designers in the campaign include Mary Katrantzou, Adam Lippes, Osman, For Restless Sleepers, and more.Now, just try and take your eyes off of these pictures. You probably won't be able to because everything about them is beautiful. Especially Halima.The colors are dreamy. The embroidery is so intricate. And the blooming trees in the background aren't too shabby either. Seriously, it's too much.From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.					We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Pour one out for the two-piece.Bikinis have ruled the beach for as long as most people can remember but according to new research, you may be seeing less of them this summer. That's because one-piece swimsuits are hella hot right now.According to retail analytics firm EDITED, 20 percent more one-pieces are available online now than this time last year and two-piece options online have fallen 9 percent. Additionally, one-piece designs are being bought three times faster than they were in 2016. What's more, athletic brands like Dolfin, Speedo, TYR, Nike, and Arena are the most in-demand swimsuits this year, illustrating that women want performance swimwear more than just getting-your-tan-on options. "It's not surprising [that one-pieces are trending] due to current trends and our quest for comfort," head analyst at EDITED, Emily Bezzant, said, drawing parallels between the uptick in athletic swimwear and the athleisure trend as a whole.Two-pieces aren't going anywhere though. People are still buying them and wearing them; they're just taking a backseat this season. Anyone else have a sudden urge to take the rest of the day off and hit the beach?From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			They're literally the same shoe.Recently, Kendall and Kylie Jenner added to the neutrals-only shoe line for their clothing brand Kendall + Kylie. One of the more laid-back designs is the black-on-black Braydin sneaker, equipped with an elastic band and a super high tongue. The only problem is, Kylie released almost the exact same pair for a collaboration with Puma last year. The kicker? Kylie's version is more expensive. The Braydin sells for $135 and the Puma Fierce design is only $100. I wonder what Kanye thinks about this...Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Tevas have some competition.Hopefully your nipples are covered in this situation. Can you imagine the chafing?!Casual weekend wear.Protecting those eyes from the sun!Can you imagine how sweaty your feet would get inside these?The affordable third piece in bae's three-piece suit.Frakta bags and fanny packs are actually a match made in heaven.Nope, nope, nope. You could make, like, 20 of these out of just one bag. Anyone want to start a business with me?A casual container for your cards and cash.Keeping you cozy!Prom, anyone?		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			NEED.In honor of Mother's Day, Forever 21 is dropping the prices on their already super cheap merch. Here are all the must-have items from their blowout sale. In honor of Mother's Day, Forever 21 is dropping the prices on their already super cheap merch. Here are all the must-have items from their blowout sale.  Wool-Blend Moto Jacket, $41  New York Bronx Pullover, $14  Faux Pearl Drop Earrings, $4  Cat Print PJ Top, $13  Off-the-Shoulder Stripe Top, $25  Iridescent Sequin Trucker Hat, $9  From St. Xavier Darcy Arm Cuff, $24  Plus Size Velvet Hoodie, $14  Artist Bleach-Dye Denim Vest, $27  Makeup Sponge Set, $4  Distressed Bootcut Jeans, $17  Round Sunglasses, $6  Floral Embroidered Satin Bomber, $17  Spitfire Browline Sunglasses, $18  Plus Size Graphic Camo Shirt, $18  Plus Size Flared Ankle Jeans, $15  Pink Holographic Nail Polish, $3  Crochet Babydoll Cami, $32  Faux Suede Lace-Up Ankle Boots, $34  America & Beyond Pillow Case, $17  Plus Size Malibu Floral Top, $16  Rainbow Donut Keychain Set, $4  Active Tonal Graphic Shorts, $8  Plus Size Off-the-Shoulder Top, $20  Faux Suede Lace-Up Flats, $16  Contrast-Paneled Jumpsuit, $16  Matte Cosmetic Brushes, $9  Faux Leather Rainbow Choker, $2  Plus Size Patch Baseball Jersey, $17 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			That's the point.For $100, you could get a pair of Topshop "jeans" that are made of transparent vinyl. You might laugh or tweet something snarky (many have), but...those "jeans" are sold out. And this isn't the only pair of out-there denim Topshop has churned out in recent months. Remember the clear-knee "mom" jeans the internet had a field day with? Or the ones with a full tulle skirt attached? There's one woman behind this denim madness, and her name is Mo Riach. She's Topshop's head of design. And she is loving the conversation, no matter how snarky it gets."We want to disrupt. We want to do something that will get people talking," she says. "It's a positive thing. Debate and discussion is a positive thing, and we have our customers coming to our site as a result of that." She continued, "We love to give people a reason to buy something new in this saturated market. We know we are confident and only go forward with things we believe in and we know our customers will adopt, so we don't question it too much."For Topshop's design team, there's no such thing as going too far, though Riach agrees "a clear jean is as far as we pushed it" and "we will push it as far as it needs to with reason without it becoming fancy dress [costume]." She says the design team mainly takes inspiration from street style blogs and vintage shopping. Here, she shares the stories behind some of Topshop's most recent head-turning denim designs."It evolved from the rips of distressed jeans and looking for new ways of doing that. Obviously, there was great success with those kind of extreme rips, and it went from rips on the knees to rips right down the leg and then it began more than rip, it became a cutout, so there wash a lot of flesh on show, a lot of exposure of the leg. Then we started playing around with fabrication. I suppose it comes from the idea of patching your jeans, but instead of patching it with another denim we patched it with vinyl. Vinyl as a fabrication has been a focus for us and we always like to infiltrate all the trends that are going on into denim anywhere possible.Vinyl was in a lot of the runway shows. The one that comes to mind are Louis Vuitton–there were a lot of vinyl pants, and Sandro had a lot of vinyl pants. There's almost a little bit of a punk kind of feel coming through for the season. The vinyl skinny leg trouser is the foundation of that kind of punk look. The foundations are these vinyl skinny leg trousers, so that I guess is where they came from.""That came from the success of the vinyl and just pushing that as far as it could go, really. We have done a lot of clear mattes in the past and they've been really successful, so it's like taking those trends and trying them out with denim. Our customers are very early adopters who like to experiment, and we like to give them things they can experiment with. It was just a small limited edition run for the kind of early adopters we want to appeal to."We want to disrupt. We want to do something that will get people talking."We have a lot of hybrid products, like a two-in-one garment. So, you can buy a [sweater] with a shirt underneath and it's attached. That is quite a big focus for us as a brand. Tulle skirts were what, we thought, were a really big trend for spring and summer. We worked quite heavily into that, inspired by the kind of dance aesthetics, and the ballerina tulle skirts were really where it came from. Again, the denim team love to experiment. They love to take a trend that's not necessarily directly aimed at denim and see what they can do with it and have a bit more fun. That's what they did with the tulle skirt over the jeans–I would say it's a bit of a '90s thing.""It's about taking a product and making it unique by changing it, taking them apart and putting them back together all in the aim of generating some original ideas again in the crowded marketplace. That's what we own. We have a great design team that have the skills to create really original products. We take garments and literally take them apart and put them back together. Our teams are really hands-on with products—with that kind of design the only way you can do it is to get hands-on, literally cut about and make it up again."From: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Can you handle the truth?Worrying about having pedicured toes at all times this summer: out. Worrying about what your babouches' lack of ankle support is doing to your arches: very in. Because we're all vaguely aware that flip-flops suck for foot health but blithely choose to ignore it, here, we've brought in Dr. Jackie Sutera, podiatrist and member of Vionic Shoes Innovation Lab, to rank how awful your other shoes are. Now, in order of least to most terrible..."These can be a great option because they provide shock absorption and cushioning because of their sneaker-type foundation. Look for brands and styles that have an arch inside, or slip one in. But remember, these should not be used for workouts or as a shoe for extended walking. Use them to walk to and from work instead, for example.""The flat and thinner slides and mules can be worse for you than ones with a thicker sole and even a small heel. Word of caution: Because there isn't a back to these shoes or extra straps, wear them in moderation and not for long periods of walking." [Editor's note: Uh oh.]"Espadrilles can actually be a healthier option for warm-weather shoes. Some elevated styles can have straps, which help secure your foot. A bonus would be if you could put an arch support in a flatter style.""Very thin and flat styles are horrible for feet! These should be left for poolside, the beach, and showering at hotels. They are bad because they offer no support and your toes have to over-grip to keep them on your feet. Those with a thicker sole and arch support are more appropriate for walking and standing.""In general, I don't recommend going barefoot for long periods of time. Standing and walking on surfaces like hardwood, marble, and stone floors can be very harsh on feet. Grass, sand, and carpet are more forgiving and provide more shock absorption. Fat pads on bottom of feet wear away over time (fat pad atrophy), which leaves you with skin and bone in later years of life. This is why elderly people often need orthopedic shoes or wear sneakers almost exclusively."From: Marie Claire US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Meanwhile, she's unbothered. Sunday night's MTV Movie & TVAwards red carpet was an all-out slay parade, but there was one look that definitely stood out. Teen Mom's Farrah Abraham was dressed to the nines in a fuchsia Bollywood-inspired outfit. The reality star wore a bindi, lehenga, and a headpiece, as well as rhinestone-studded henna tattoos on her chest, neck, and hands. When questioned about the look, Farrah told TooFab she "wanted to bring culture to the red carpet." She added, "I think this will inspire others to embrace new cultures and have good experiences."But the internet was not happy. Many viewers took to Twitter, accusing her of appropriating Indian culture. #MTVAwards Y'all need to put that girl Farrah Abraham to her place when it comes to #CulturalAppropriation. Take that bindi off!perfect example of cultural appropriation, Farrah wtv at the MTV movie awardsFarrah from Teen Mom trying to make herself relevant by appropriating Indian culture lolFarrah Abraham really showed up in this at the MTV Awards🙃 stop appropriating cultures that aren't yours it's not that hard pic.twitter.com/iX4YUYquPsFarrah seems to be unbothered by the situation and has been retweeting posts from her haters. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			This Is Us star Chrissy Metz rocked a burgundy latex dress to the MTV Movie and TV Awards Sunday night. She looked incredible, and she knew it — and refused to hear anything otherwise. She wore the custom Jane Doe Latex dress to present the award for Best Duo alongside her costar, Milo Ventimiglia, and clearly upstaged him:  And that was even after she changed into a gorgeous blue dress for the Beauty and the Beast-themed opening number. Changing in and out of latex quickly? That deserves its own award.  But apparently, not everybody was too happy with Metz's look, and snarked about her size online. But Metz has never had time for body shaming, and always promotes positivity no matter what your size. After the awards show wrapped, she went on Twitter and responded to the body shamers. "For the record, I wear what I want, when I want," she wrote. "News flash it's MY body. #thankstho."  For the record, I wear what I want, when I want. News flash it's MY body. #thanksthoThose are words to live by — and hardly the first time she's spoken out about feeling comfortable in her own skin. "Size doesn't equate to beauty. I don't understand why that's a thing," she told Marie Claire back in March. "Well, I do, because the media has told us thin is beautiful. But is it?" Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			*Fans self*Shay Mitchell walked the red carpet at tonight's MTV Movie Awards wearing a shiny, glitzy zebra print gown which featured some very dangerous cut-outs:  For a segment she hosted with Blackish star Yara Shahidi during the broadcast, Shay changed into a ~very sheer~ black naked dress with embroidery, lace-up detailing and some long fringe stuff happening — the sort of thing that you know would trip up most people, but not Shay! Oh, and Shay also wore nipple pasties, because this dress meant they were necessary.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Here's what it means. Forever fighting for equal rights, our real life Belle made a major statement about acceptance on the MTV Movie & TV Awards red carpet without saying a word.Her statement was so subtle though, you probably missed it. Check it out:See it? No? Look a little closer. Her ampersand pin is from GLAAD, a group working to better the lives of LGBTQ+ and marginalized people. The little blue symbol stands for solidarity and togetherness. "Together, we resist the powers that seek to divide us. We must stand in solidarity," the GLAAD website states. "All of us. Because no one is just one identity, and many of us are under attack. All marginalized communities are under attack. The ampersand is the symbol that unites us."Emma Watson wore the pin on stage to accept her Best Actor In A Movie award, which for the first time, was presented in a gender-free category. She wasn't the only actress to show her support at the awards show this year. Stranger Things star Millie Bobby Brown also wore the pin, along with an American Civil Liberties Union ribbon, to accept her popcorn for Best Actor In A TV Show.Want to rock the & yourself? You can buy one here for $8.Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			And she totally stole the show.The MTV Movie & TV Awards red carpet was full of fancy dresses (see 'em all here). But Paris Jackson showed up in a more casual look, and believe it or not, kinda stole the show. She paired ripped jeans and a flannel with a white graphic tee honoring Michelle Obama. As in, FLOTUS Michelle Obama, complete with the words "Michelle my Belle" — which happens to be a snippet lyric from the 1965 love ballad "Michelle" by the Beatles. Paris, never change. Personally, I'm taking this as license to wear my comfiest jeans and t-shirts whenever my mom insists I put on something nice for dinner. If Paris can do it... Hannah Orenstein is the assistant features editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Twitter and Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Officially the hottest red carpet of the year.Officially the hottest red carpet of the year.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Disco ball meets magical fairy garden. The MTV Movie & TV Awards hasn't even officially started, but everyone else can just go home now. Sorry, ya'll – Yara Shahidi has already taken home the prize for best dressed in the craziest, most stunning disco ball look you'll see all night. The Blackish star stunned on the black carpet in a floral top with massive sleeves. And because one statement piece isn't enough for this queen, she paired it with a mirrored skirt and rhinestone-covered bow heels. Her glam was subtle and pretty, and her Rapunzel-length braids were the perfect finishing touch on the look. Girl knows how to werk!Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Did you know that J. Lo's dress inspired Google Image Search? TRUE FACT. Jillian Rose Reed arrived at the MTV Movie & TV Awards in a plunging, printed green gown that I have already printed out, framed, and hung on my wall as inspiration for a tropical vacation. In other words, she looks amazing. If the Awkward star's dress looks mighty familiar, we figured it out for you. You're probably thinking of the dress Jennifer Lopez wore to the 2000 Grammy Awards. See?Jennifer's Versace gown is so iconic, it has its very own Wikipedia page. And if you can believe it, so many people looked up information about the dress that Google launched Google Image Search as a result. "[Google users] wanted more than just text," Google executive chairman Eric Schmidt explained in 2015. "This first became apparent after the 2000 Grammy Awards, where Jennifer Lopez wore a green dress that, well, caught the world's attention. At the time, it was the most popular search query we had ever seen. But we had no surefire way of getting users exactly what they wanted: J­Lo wearing that dress. Google Image Search was born."Jennifer's look obviously still holds up after 17 years, but Jillian is giving her a serious run for her money. Way to go, girl.  @jillianrosereed pulled off some serious @jlo vibes on the #MTVAwards red carpet 🍃A post shared by  MTV (@mtv) on May 7, 2017 at 4:01pm PDTHannah Orenstein is the assistant features editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Twitter and Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Fashion's more inclusive, but it still has a long way to go.Every first Monday in May, millions of eyes are fixated on the red carpet for the annual Met Gala, an alluring combination of fashion, art, and celebrity which has grown in popularity over the past few years. The yearly fundraiser for the Metropolitan Museum of Art's Costume Institute is a posh affair marking the grand opening of the Institute's annual fashion exhibit, and this year's show, Comme des Garçons: Art of the In-Between, highlighted the tremendous body of work of Japanese fashion designer Rei Kawakubo — a designer who has created impressive collections for more than 40 years and is known for her inventive and conceptual aesthetic.Each year, the question posed about the Met Gala is: Who will be the best and worst dressed? In 2017, women of color slayed. To slay at the Met Gala means creating a stir with your look and nailing the theme. Unlike the red carpets for other big events, like the Grammys or the Oscars, the purpose of the Met Gala is to select an ensemble that captures the exhibit's theme or the honoree's design aesthetic. Looking beautiful, glamorous, or sexy in a gown simply isn't enough to "win the night."From Rihanna's gorgeous dress, created by Kawakubo herself, to Priyanka Chopra's daring Ralph Lauren gown, women of color took style risks that made powerful statements about fashion as art. Despite these "wins" of women of color, the importance of this moment needs to be understood in the context of ongoing discussions about the lack of visibility, inclusion, and celebration of women of color in high fashion. Runways and red carpets may be gradually diversifying, but high fashion is still primarily dominated by white women. After all, it was only a couple months ago that for the first time in the history of New York Fashion Week, every runway show featured a model of color. This unprecedented feat sets a new bar for racial and ethnic diversity in high fashion, a world in which people of color have struggled for representation not only on the catwalk but also behind the scenes. Due to the advocacy of people like former model and fashion activist Bethann Hardison and an increasingly racially and ethnically diverse customer base, fashion houses are slowly incorporating women of color into their brands. The Met Gala, one of the more racially and ethnically diverse fashion events of the year, proved once again why it's important to be inclusive in the ultra-exclusive world of fashion. Women of color brought creativity, imagination, and vitality to the event. Zendaya's vibrant and unique Dolce & Gabanna dress and Helen Lasichanh's Comme des Garçons bold, red jumpsuit captured Kawakubo's craftsmanship, originality, and dynamism. Rihanna, Zendaya, Lasichanh, and Chopra exemplified the beauty and aesthetic genius of haute couture. They also nailed the purposes of the Met Gala: to honor the brilliance of designers like Kawakubo and to be one of the most (if not the most) artistically inclined red carpets of the year. Helen Lasichanh at the 2017 Met Gala.Without women of color, this year's Met Gala red carpet wouldn't have been as exciting or inspirational. Even women of color who didn't evoke the theme in their ensembles created jaw-dropping red-carpet moments. Serena Williams debuted her baby bump in a form-fitting, bejeweled green Versace dress. La La Anthony, fresh off a widely-publicized separation from her estranged husband Carmelo Anthony, turned heads in a sheer Thai Nguyen Atelier gown and a ring on every finger — except for her left ring finger. Williams and Anthony created memorable moments, another key element for a successful Met Gala appearance. The fashion world has a long way to go in terms of its racial and ethnic inclusivity. It has even further to go as it pertains to size and ability diversity. But if the 2017 Met Gala red carpet is any indication, women of color can and will be game-changers when given the opportunity to slay on fashion's biggest stages.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Haters can take several seats. At a recent Modern Family event, Ariel Winter brought the slay, per usual, in a beaded dress with mesh cut-outs – a look appropriate for literally any red (or in this case, black) carpet event. Of course, trolls had something to say about it, shading Ariel for getting dressed up, when some of her so-stars went more casual. Yep, they hated on her for wearing a dress – literally the dumbest thing anyone could get mad over. Queen of the clap-back wasn't about to take outfit shaming without a fight, so she posted a savage takedown on Instagram. In the post, she asked "why TF does anyone care that I didn't dress casual like everyone else for the panel?" Good question, girl.  😘A post shared by  ARIEL WINTER (@arielwinter) on May 4, 2017 at 5:57pm PDTNow that we've got that settled, let's take the rest of this time to appreciate that look. WERK! 👏 Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Thousands of people lost money as a result. On Tuesday, a company called Sunny Co Clothing announced a giveaway on Instagram. Anyone in the United States who reposted their photo of a model wearing their $64.99 red Pamela Sunny Suit and tagged @sunnycoclothing within the next 24 hours would receive the swimsuit for free (though they'd be responsible for the cost of shipping and handling). The response was enormous. Thousands of people reposted the picture and more than 100,000 left comments on the original post. This is what Sunny Co's tagged photos looked like. I mean, it got really out of hand. This basically became the most coveted swimsuit overnight. Sneak peek summer '17 pic.twitter.com/TATZUjbYv7Girls this summer pulling up to the pool with their free "SunnyCoClothing" swimsuit pic.twitter.com/hNeXWNpslDBut unfortunately, the giveaway seemed too good to be true. Sunny Co is a company recently launched by two University of Arizona seniors, Alan Alchalel and Brady Silverwood."We're both young companies and are a bit overwhelmed by the immense amount of interest in the product," a spokesperson for the brand told BuzzFeed News.Within 20 hours, the company alerted its followers that "due to the viral volume of participants, we reserve the right to cap the promotion" and that "there may be delays" in shipping. According to BuzzFeed, several people who purchased the swimsuit using the "SUNNY" promo code were charged the full $77.97 for the swimsuit and shipping, instead of the promised $12.98 for solely shipping. Now, the brand's Facebook is flooded with complaints from customers, and the Instagram account has been deleted. Alan and Brady made a statement on Facebook on Thursday to apologize to their customers and explain how the brand would move forward. "We truly had no idea the response was going to be so overwhelming and we are very sorry for any confusion," they wrote. "We will make our best effort to honor our offer for the first 50,000 orders placed on Wednesday, May 3, 2017. If you accidentally placed an order without using the discount code, we will refund you the price of the swimsuit. However, we will not be able to refund transaction fees." They also noted that a portion of their profits will be donated to the Alzheimer's Association. Many customers are not satisfied with Sunny Co's response. "Can you please respond to my Facebook message about a refund. It is going to over draw my account," one wrote. "Could you please answer my emails and facebook messages about processing a refund along with all the others trying to get ahold of you for the same problem," another wrote. The Pamela Suit is now listed as sold-out on the company's website. Obviously. Hannah Orenstein is the assistant features editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Twitter and Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It was basically the hottest red carpet ever.It was basically the hottest red carpet ever.From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			And you'd never know unless we told you. Do you ever buy things because they look pretty and not stop to consider what the embroidery or the slogans or the prints actually mean?Yep, of course you do. You're human.Testament to our love of all things, is this pair of Topshop jeans which were so popular that they sold-out on the website, with fans reportedly begging for sizes to be re-stocked. One shopper wrote on their website: "I really hope these come back in stock as I call them the dream jeans with my friends! Please stock them up again as it would make one happy birthday girl! Haha they are just honestly the most beautiful jeans that me and my friends have ever seen and were hoping to grab a pair ;)". While we're not shocked the jeans have been so popular - even we're a sucker for the embroidered denim trend this season - we were a little surprised when we found out that there was a secret message hidden among all that cute floral embroidery. And the message is? TOPSHOP.According to The Sun, these Topshop Mom jeans have the word Topshop written in a Japanese script for foreign words, Katakana, multiple times on each leg. Sneaky, guys. Sneaky.From: Cosmopolitan UK		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Female mannequins in stores are overwhelmingly underweight, a new study from the Journal of Eating Disorders has confirmed.Researchers from the University of Liverpool went to two major shopping districts in the U.K. and found that 100 percent — aka all — of the plastic models represented underweight body types, and that the average size of a female mannequin registered visually as "that of an extremely underweight human woman." Researchers also confirmed that among male mannequins, only 8 percent were deemed to look "underweight." Rather than measuring the mannequins outright, two objective viewers compared the mannequins they saw at stores with pictures of 10 real human adults on a BMI-based scale. They were asked to choose the form that fit most closely to the mannequin in question. It's worth noting that the sample size was small and therefore doesn't give a full picture of global retailer mannequin sizes. It's also unclear if researchers went to any stores that sell plus fashions."We of course are not saying that altering the size of high-street fashion mannequins will on its own 'solve' body image problems," lead researcher Eric Robinson said in a press release. "What we are instead saying is that presentation of ultra-thin female bodies is likely to reinforce inappropriate and unobtainable body ideals, so as a society we should be taking measures to stop this type of reinforcement."Seems about right. Retailers, it's your move.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Sneaky.Selena Gomez looked ridiculously stunning at the Met Gala in a pale pink slip dress and her new sleek bob. But did you catch the adorable hidden detail on her purse?You might have noticed that she was carrying a small bag from Coach that matched her dress. In a behind-the-scenes detail shot that Coach shared on Instagram, fans spotted the words "Love yourself first" printed on the bottom of the purse. @selenagomez's #MetGala look details. Studded and inked with “love yourself first”—a nod to her tattoo. #CoachNYA post shared by  Coach (@coach) on May 2, 2017 at 7:41am PDTWhat's cool is that Selena actually has the Arabic translation of that phrase tattooed on the right side of her back. The ink was visible in her Met Gala gown. Coach said the inscription on the bag was specifically inspired by Selena's tattoo. In December, Selena became the new face of Coach in what Page Six reports as a $10 million deal. Hannah Orenstein is the assistant features editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Twitter and Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.					We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			With an incredible theme like "Rei Kawakubo/Comme des Garçons: Art of the In-Between," this year's Met Gala practically begged its attendees to have some fun with their ensembles. But as per usual, many celebrities chose to play it safe, opting for pretty but simple silhouettes that seemingly had nothing to do with the designer nor her iconic work.Of course, one of the few people who actually embraced the Met Gala's theme was Rihanna, who opted for a bright, colorful, and voluminous Comme des Garçons ~look~ straight off the fall 2016 runway. RiRi was immediately crowned the queen of the night for her flawless ensemble, with many of her fans pointing out that she was one of the few celebrities who actually paid homage to Rei and her label. A post shared by Melvin (@melvinfenty) on May 1, 2017 at 10:19pm PDTBefore long, a meme began circling the internet poking fun at how boring most of the evening's looks were — and as Buzzfeed reports, Rihanna decided to throw some expert-level shade at her fellow Met Gala attendees by liking it on Instagram. The move more or less secured the singer's place as queen of the Met Gala, and confirmed she was just as bored with some of the looks she saw as everyone else.Maybe this will finally convince more people to try harder for next year's theme?		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Work that broom. As Rei Kawakubo, the designer of Comme des Garçons and subject of this year's Costume Institute exhibition illustrates, fashion is all about being creative, trying new things, and thinking outside the box. Which is exactly what one incredibly resourceful young woman has done when her ticket to the Met Gala got lost in the mail. Because if you thought that lack of an invite, or an outfit for that matter, was going to stop Quenlin "Queen Quen" Blackwell from stealing the show, you were very wrong.Quenlin took to Twitter to share what she would have worn for this year's red carpet and can we just say, she won. She won it all:      Quenlin, we bow down, and literally I am looking for a feather duster to accessorize with right now.Follow Seventeen on Instagram.From: Cosmopolitan UK		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			But where was Zayn?Gigi Hadid slayed on the Met Gala alone tonight, wearing a nude, asymmetrical Cinderella-esque Tommy Hilfiger dress. Her leg was the real star:Hadid styled her bronde hair in a bun and appears to have lightened her brows for the occasion:Zayn Malik, her boyfriend, wasn't with her—and understandably. He was photographed arriving at her apartment Saturday in a wheelchair. The couple attended the ball together last year, with Malik famously wearing a robot arm.From: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She went platinum too, naturally.Kylie Jenner has just arrived at tonight's Met Gala, in a platinum bob wig and Versace, naked dress. It is completely mesh and embellished with little fans, jewels, and beads:Designer Donatella Versace joined her on the red carpet:Jenner's look is a complete 180 from last year, when she wore a silver dress with a black bob.From: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Everything old is new again, and that includes dresses from '90s rom-coms, apparently. ASOS is now selling a dress that's a near exact copy of the cutout dress Julia Roberts wore in the movie Pretty Woman.  The dress comes from ASOS's collaboration with the British brand Hunza G, which designed the original dress Roberts wore for the 1990 movie. The label's then-designer, Peter Meadows, was known for using crinkle-stretch fabric, and the company used the same material to create an homage, but this time especially for a dress to wear to the beach. It comes in black, red, or royal blue, and is flat-out called the "Pretty Woman Dress" on Hunza G's Instagram:  ❣PRETTY WOMAN DRESS❣ AVAILABLE @asos 🌟 Comes in BLACK, RED or ROYAL BLUE 🙌🏻 LINK IN THE BIO 🙌🏻 #HunzaG #AsosA post shared by  Hunza G (@hunza.g) on Apr 28, 2017 at 6:31am PDTAccording to Refinery29, the brand is now run by Georgiana Huddart, who took the iconic '80s label and moved it more toward a sportswear aesthetic. The "Pretty Woman dress" comes as part of an eight-piece capsule collection for ASOS, and retails for $215 — although that kind of price tag means that this might be more of a purchase meant for Richard Gere's character's credit card. (But on the flipside, shopping online means you don't have to deal with bitchy salespeople.)Cosmopolitan.com has reached out to ASOS and Hunza G for comment, and will update this story once they respond. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Want to hear a joke? Strapless bra.1. When you're wearing a dress and it starts to creep up your body with every step you take.It just keeps getting shorter and shorter.2. And pants fit differently in the front than they do in the back.The struggle is real.3.You own 100 million belts so that you can cinch your waist AND actually wear a pair of pants without them falling down.Belts are your true BFFs.4. Your jeans always rip in the crotch area because no seams are strong enough for your amazing thighs.Chub rub FTW.5. Come to think of it, butt rips are also known to happen.Pants simply cannot be trusted.6. You have to wear a tee under a cute dress in order to wear it to school. The girls just always want to break free.7. You don't understand how people can buy clothes without trying them on first.You mean you can just LOOK at a shirt and KNOW that it fits?!8. Your boobs tend to have minds of their own.They're the worst. 9. Whenever you're late, it's because it took 15 minutes to put a pair of jeans on.If only Levi's could write a late notice for your first period teacher.10. Strapless bras are COMPLETELY off the table I have a dream that one day I will find a strapless bra that actually stays up so that I can wear strapless dresses without a sweater. #CurvyGirlProblems #curvy #sundayfunday #selfieA post shared by  Nicole Stamey (@inshadesofpink) on Jun 29, 2014 at 5:06am PDTNot. Happening.11. But in the end, you know being curvy has some *serious* perks. I love this 😂🤣#curvygirlproblems #thighgap #differentshapes #funny #toofunny #girlproblems #differentshapesandsizes #nahgirl #curvygirl #quote #quotes #london #londongirl #londonlife #girlA post shared by  Sally N (@sally_rockin_makeup) on Feb 7, 2017 at 2:24pm PST"We got your back." —your thighsFollow @Seventeen on Instagram.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She really brought it to the 2017 Radio Disney Music Awards. Raven-Symoné always looks fierce on the red carpet, but she really brought it tonight at the 2017 Radio Disney Music Awards.The Disney Channel star rocked a bold black and white striped skirt and white top, complete with a sparkly bow, that was total prom goals. The skirt had pockets, which every fancy outfit should really because who wants to carry a clutch all night?But the coolest part of her outfit was only visible once she turned around.Is that fringe? Feathers? I'm not sure, but it looked really cool when she spun around.Obviously Raven didn't skimp on her beauty look either. Her hot pink lip popped against her black and white outfit, and her lavender-grey strands were pulled up in a mega voluminous updo. How badass does it look from the side?Slay, Raven, Slay.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Oops, she did it again.Sabrina Carpenter arrived at the 2017 Radio Disney Music Awards ready to slay in a shiny red jumpsuit and her trademark long blonde hair.  But the combo of a shiny red jumpsuit and long blonde hair made me think... was Sabrina pulling a Britney Spears? Back in 2000, when Sabrina was just a year old, Britney made this look iconic thanks to her music video for "Oops... I Did It Again."While there's no word from Sabrina if her outfit was an intentional homage to Britney's look, we gotta say it — either way, she looks amazing. Hannah Orenstein is the assistant features editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Twitter and Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			From Camila Cabello, Dove Cameron, Hailee Steinfeld, and more. From Camila Cabello, Dove Cameron, Hailee Steinfeld, and more. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The ones we're still talking about. The Met Gala, also known as the Oscars of the fashion industry, always brings out the biggest, boldest names in Hollywood―wearing, of course, the best, often most daring red carpet looks of the season. From Rihanna's Guo Pei creation to Claire Danes' glow-in-the-dark Zac Posen gown, here are the most memorable Met Gala fashion moments of all time.In Calvin Klein Collection.In Michael Kors. In Dolce & Gabbana. In Zac Posen. In Guo Pei Couture.In Givenchy.In Thakoon.In Giles. In Gucci.In Oscar de la Renta.In Thakoon.In Prada.In Givenchy.In Valentino.In Rachel Zoe.In Versace.In Prada.In Proenza Schouler.In Prada.In Prada.In Lanvin.In Emilio Pucci.In Gucci.In Marc Jacobs.In Versace.In Giorgio Armani.In Versace.In Vintage Giorgio Armani.In Zac Posen.From: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The theme at this year's "Super Bowl of fashion" is Manus x Machina, and there's a lot of tech chic happening on the carpet.The theme at this year's "Super Bowl of fashion" is Manus x Machina, and there's a lot of tech chic happening on the carpet.From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			And it has nothing to do with trends. Your style changes so much between middle school and college that of course, they're going to be some regrettable outfit choices along the way. Everyone has them! But avoiding these common fashion mistakes will help you own your style — sans any major outfit regrets. 1. You spend all your money on the newest trendy clothes and accessories. If you're constantly buying fast trends that go out of style the next season, you'll end up with a closet full of stuff you never actually wear. Bye, money! Instead, balance a few new trendy pieces each season with classic items you'll wear forever, like a goes-with-everything dress and a pair of jeans you love.2. You wear whatever your friends are wearing, even if it's not really your style. Sure, it's much easier to just fall in line with what everyone at school is wearing, but it's much more fun to stand out with your own personal vibe. It might take you a while to figure out, but if you only buy and wear what YOU like, you'll feel so much more confident, and over time, you'll start to develop your own unique style. 3. You wear something just because your mom or dad doesn't want you to wear it. When it feels like your parents are totally trying to control every aspect of your life, including your style, it's tempting to wear things you know they won't like just to spite them. But you know that amazing feeling you get when you win an argument over your outfit? It usually goes away as soon as you realize you actually aren't into it at all. Like that super-short skirt that your mom didn't like but you wore anyway to make a point, and then you were uncomfortable all day pulling it down. 4. You buy clothes that don't fit because you're worried about the size on the tag. You might be one size in one store and a totally different size in another. It doesn't mean anything, except that stores can't get their sizes straight! Don't even look at the size, and instead pay attention to how it fits. You'll look and feel your best when you're wearing something that fits you well, regardless of what's on the tag. And if you're really worried about anyone else seeing what's on the tag, just cut it out!5. You wear what you think your crush thinks is hot.  You might think your crush will notice you if you start wearing mini-skirts, or maybe if you dress sportier, they'll think you're hot. When in reality, there's nothing hotter than showing you're confident enough to rock your own kickass style. 6. You wear shoes that KILL your feet. No matter how ~gorgeous~ a pair of heels are, if you can't walk in them, then they aren't worth it. Flats are just as cute, and won't stop you from running around all day and showing off the rest of your cute outfit.7. You have no idea what's in your closet because it's so messy. Cleaning out your closet is a huge pain, but you'll spend half as much time finding something to wear in the mornings if you can actually see all your clothes. Ditch whatever you don't love or doesn't fit you well, and only keep what you're excited to wear every day. 8. You don't know how to wash your clothes properly, or you don't pay attention to garment labels. While sorting your clothes or even drying cleaning them (UGH) is such a pain, it could seriously save that shirt you just spent your entire measly paycheck on. 9. You compare your style to your fave celeb's style. It's fun to get inspo from Kylie Jenner's Instagram, but since you aren't a gazillionaire who gets paid to look perfect, it's pointless to try to compete (and trust me, it's exhausting trying!). You don't have to have a new outfit for every hour of the day or endless designer clothes to look amazing. Plus, celebs often mix in affordable finds, and you can find tons of less expensive alternates to their designer duds at stores like Zara, Topshop and H&M. 10. You're afraid to experiment with your style. Everyone has regrettable fashion moments in middle school, high school, college and beyond! It's totally part of finding your style. If you don't try out different looks, how will you ever figure out what works and doesn't work for you? Plus, fashion is supposed to be fun, and what's "in" and what's "out" is constantly changing. So, don't be afraid to take some chances. You might cringe when you look at old OOTDs, but that's all part of finding your style. 11. You listen to to what friends/magazines/ANYONE else says about what you "should" or "shouldn't" wear based on your body type. Guess what? Your body isn't shaped like any type of fruit, and no one knows what really looks hot on you. So forget the "rules" about how to dress for your body type, or what anyone says you can or can't wear. Focus on playing up your fab figure, and highlighting whatever you love, whether it's your strong legs, or your booty. Bottom line: Wear what makes you feel amazing, and everyone will think you're *flawless*. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The only date we need is a large margherita with extra mozzarella. My prom days are behind me, but that doesn't mean I've forgotten the pain of exploring the mall trying to find the dress. After one too many ill-fitting strapless numbers, I finally settled on a very boring black, Debut by Debenhams number and gave up on my dreams of a Laney Boggs esque makeover.  But let me tell you, if I was 16 again I know exactly what dress I would be wearing and it wouldn't be a simple black number...OH NO. It would be a dress fit for a pizza princess, that also doubles as a bed when I get weary from searching for my very own Freddie Prinze Jr/participating in those prom dance offs that always happen in teen movies.  Another photo of the dress. It fans out into a whole pizza pie when I sit! For those who are asking where to buy it: it is a *one-of-a-kind* dress handcrafted by me (Avant-Geek). #pizzadress #pizzarella #pizzaA post shared by  Olivia Mears (@avantgeek) on Apr 22, 2017 at 11:20am PDTJust look at it. I mean, who on earth would want to be a Disney Princess when you can be a Domino's Princess?The lady behind the dress of all our stuffed crust dreams is costume designer, Olivia Mears who designed and made this one-of-a-kind number.  I created a dress that dreams are made of. If only I'd had this for my prom. ✨🍕✨ #pizzadress made & worn by me.A post shared by  Olivia Mears (@avantgeek) on Apr 20, 2017 at 8:02am PDTOlivia originally designed the dress for Domino's Piece of the Pie contest and even posed on a throne of empty Domino's boxes...which TBH resembles our kitchens most weekends.  I will take what is mine with feta and bacon. 🍕👑🍕👑🍕 Dress and throne made out of pizza boxes, hand painted fabrics, and foam for @dominos #pieceofthepiecontest #contestA post shared by  Olivia Mears (@avantgeek) on Apr 15, 2017 at 12:58pm PDTBrb, just off to re-download my Domino's app...From: Cosmopolitan UK		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Apparently mud butt is trendy...As a style editor/former tutu-wearing emo kid, I'm all for innovative freak fashion. Knee window jeans – loved 'em. Plastic pants – kind of into it. Clear booties – really gross, but I still wear them. In short, if half the internet hates it, it's on my must-buy list. But these mud-covered men's PRPS jeans might break me. What even is this???The fashionista in me is saying style is subjective and my applause to these jeans for being unapologetically out-there. But the farm girl in me, who watched her dad come home every day from the fields with his pants looking JUST LIKE these, is saying this is stupid. Style aside, these pre-dirtied pants are a middle school joke just waiting to happen. Case in point: they come with a built-in mud butt. A MUD BUTT.And if this situation couldn't get any stranger – they cost $425. I just... I can't. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I'm getting sweaty just looking at them.The future of fashion is here, and it looks sweaty AF.As reported by Glamour, Topshop has recently released a pair of completely see-through plastic jeans — and no one is sure as to why. These are basically Kylie Jenner's clear plastic booties taken to the next level, and I'm getting sweaty just looking at them. Even Topshop admits the pants aren't exactly ideal for everyday wear, claiming they'd be perfect "as a statement piece for a festival or costume party." The brand goes on to recommend you either "take the look to the extreme with a bikini and sequin jacket or dress [them] down, layered under an oversized jumper or asymmetric hem dress." (Both of these options still sound very moist to me.) On the plus side, the "jeans" come in Topshop's super popular and very flattering MOTO cut, which means they're the perfect straight-leg, cropped just above the ankle. They're also machine-washable, which is probably not something you're concerned about if you're debating buying a pair of 100% polyurethane pants — but is definitely a positive all the same. However, it seems like most of the internet isn't convinced these pants are a good idea — and many have taken to social media to express their concern over Topshop's peculiar new product.is topshop trying to rip the pish😶 pic.twitter.com/wJ1Pnt65fcFinally !! topshop make a pair of jeans which won't fade ! Phew pic.twitter.com/D9pokYXrkewhat the actual fuck is topshop playing at?? pic.twitter.com/6V0P2A0oDvCLEAR PLASTIC JEANS ARE YOU FEELING OKAY TOPSHOP? pic.twitter.com/fRQcrhil70But hey, everyone's sense of style is different — and if you want these badass pants for your flawless Zenon-inspired wardrobe, you can buy Topshop's clear jeans for $100 right here.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"Yes I'm black. Yes I'm 17. Yes GOD is using me to convey a message that's bigger than me."For most teens, prom is the time to dress up in the sparkliest, most extra dress you can find and channel Kylie Jenner. But for 17-year-old Milan Bolden-Morris, the event is a chance to spread a message about something much bigger. The Florida teen wore a black and white mermaid gown covered in the faces of people who were wrongfully killed, to honor the Black Lives Matter movement. The dress includes the faces of Trayvon Martin, Sandra Bland, Michael Brown, and countless others who have died as a result of racism and police brutality. The moving ensemble was created by Miami-based designer, Terrence Torrence.Milan says she chose to wear the dress to protest the violence that people of color face. "I have a younger brother and to see these issues that go on, its scary to think that maybe one day that could be him," she told Seventeen.com."It is also vital to not only to recognize these young black men and women who died under unnecessary circumstances but to highlight that all life is sacred. When anyone [dies] regardless of what color, it's sad and unfair and shouldn't be overlooked." Yes I'm black. Yes I'm 17. Yes GOD is using me to convey a message that's bigger than me. #AllLivesMatter❤️ #BlackLivesMatter #MoveWithPurpose @oprah @steveharvey.tv @beyonce @chrisbrownofficial @badgalriri @tylerperry @kolyon @terrencetorrence @champagnepapi @liltunechi @bigsean @richforever @colinsmith23 @aliciakeys @kendricklamar @realcoleworld @kingjamesA post shared by  Mimi 2️⃣3️⃣🏀 (@_milan23_) on Apr 21, 2017 at 9:13pm PDTRightfully, Milan has gone viral for her powerful statement and people across the internet are pouring in their support. "Black Lives Matter" prom dress 😍❤️🙏🏾🔥‼️ iLove it ... pic.twitter.com/Qa34bhfBCuThe girl with the black lives matter prom dress>>she protested police brutality with her prom dress. fucking beautiful 😍 #BLM pic.twitter.com/cmUD6ia0kGHowever, getting internet fame was not Milan's intention. "The sole purpose was to convey [this] message, it was never about me or how I look in it, just the message. These issues reoccur more often than not and should be handled."Kelsey is the assistant style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's the print you've been waiting for. Lilly Pulitzer prints are all bright swirling rainbow colors – basically what I'd imagine unicorn vomit looks like. And now that unicorns are trending hard, the brand decided to get in on the fun. Lilly's Print Studio designed their own 2017 af unicorn motif and posted it on Instagram. Of course, the internet freaked. The comments section blew up with a mixture of unicorn emojis and a lot of exclamation points.This actually isn't the first time that Lilly has released a unicorn print, though. The brand was unicorn-obsessed long before Starbucks turned them into a frappuccino. As of now, the brand isn't planning to release *magical* new print in stores. Lilly reps told Seventeen.com, "We do not have current plans [for a unicorn-themed collection] but our print designers read all the social comments so you never know!"Don't give up hope, people – after the Lilly Pulitzer x Starbucks collaboration, anything is possible.Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			We're all earsEar piercings? We've all got em. So there is only so much excitement we can muster about a new stud. Daith piercings piqued our interest for a minute, but the second they're designing high street mannequins complete with daiths, we're outtie.However, our love for ear-embellishments will never die.Forget the tucked-in, behind-the-ear tatt, because there's a new inking in town and we're hopping on this tattoo party train. Now, (finally) someone has heard our calls for something new and creative, as a unique piece of auricle art has come into the scene, and naturally, we're all ears. A teeny tiny, delicate tattoo inked right on the ear's upper-outer curve, otherwise known as the helix.  We have no idea how, but tattoo artists are managing to craft beautiful floral designs down the impossibly small space. The outcome of which is intricate, dainty, fresh and prettier than any piercing. Erm, hello new summer body art. Obviously, it's already becoming a thing on Instagram, with new takes on the Helix Tatt popping up every day. It seems to particularly hold favour with minimalists, as it's the perfect place for delicate designs.  So, if you're thinking about upgrading your ears anytime soon, who needs ear piercings, when you could get a Helix tattoo?From: ELLE UK		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			From red-carpet appearances to casual errands, you can't help but notice that Kendall and Kylie Jenner wear coordinating outfits a lot, and — surprise, surprise — it's often on purpose, and not just because the sisters are on the same ~wavelength.~ Their key to #twinning? Stylist Monica Rose, who explained at Coachella's Reebok Classic Leather Crib how she works with the sisters.The pair often dress from the same color palette because they don't want to clash when they're photographed together."Sometimes when I work with Kendall or Kylie, and they're going to an event together, they want to vibe together," she said. "And in the past ... they've asked, 'Well, what is [my sister] wearing?' "Even when they do wear similar pieces, Monica says she tries to keep their looks individual, so their own personal styles can shine through. Kendall also often coordinates with her bestie, Gigi Hadid, but Monica swears that's usually an accident."If I do [style them similarly] it's not intentional. I like to keep everybody['s looks] separate."Mystery solved!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			TAKE MY MONEY. Instagram in the springtime is a beautiful thing: unicorn frappuccinos in the air, blooming flowers, and sunny OOTDs in front of brightly-colored walls. Get a jump on your outfit game with these seven looks your Insta followers will love.Clockwise: Shimmery Hooded Jacket, $30, H&M; Morgause Warrior Bib, $68, BaubleBar; The Edit by Seventeen Soft Jogger Pants, $35, Macy's; Coachella Short Top, $13, H&M; Dirty Laundry Jiana Blue Velvet Embroidered Slip-On Sneakers; $69, Lulu'sClockwise: AEO Embroidered Raglan Bomber Jacket, $36, American Eagle; 2 Pack Bandana Handkerchief, $2, Target; Rock With You Denim Backpack, $46, Lulu's; Home Before Daylight Cobalt Blue Dress, $44, Lulu'sClockwise: The Edit by Seventeen Patch Medium Wash Skinny Jeans, $40, Macy's; Love Is L'amour Sweater, Old Navy; Bum Bag, $20, Typo; UO Faux Fur Pool Side, $15, Urban OutfittersClockwise: Kim & Cami Embroidered Moroccan Top, $30, T.J. Maxx; Perverse Voyage Mirrored Sunglasses, $54, Lulu's; Vintage Hi-Rise Festival Shortie, $50, American Eagle; Cape Robbin Silver Leatherette Studded Chain Boots, $55, Love CultureClockwise: The Edit by Seventeen Printed Bomber Jacket, $55, Macy's; The Edit by Seventeen Pleated Crop Top, $30, Macy's; Gabriela Fringe Pendant, $48, BaubleBar; Checkerboard Slip-On, $50, Vans; The Edit by Seventeen Varsity Stripe Faux Wrap Skirt, $27, Macy'sClockwise: Perverse Rothesay Pink Sunglasses, $49, Lulu's; Fitted Denim Shirt, $25, H&M; Black Floral Print Romper, $62, Lulu's; Navy Paisley Bandana Drop Necklace, $3, Love Culture; Bollie Blue Velvet Pointed Booties, $45, Lulu'sClockwise: Candance Off the Shoulder Top, $38, Sugar L!ps; Round Stone Tassel Statement Necklace, $5, Deb Shops; Mid Rise Deluxe Skinny Jean, $40, Cotton On; Black Canvas Embroidered Slip-on Sneakers, $99, Lulu'sFollow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Prom is over. She won. Everyone wants to stand out on prom night, but one teen's look was so good that the entire internet took notice. Faith Thigpen opted out of the classic prom dress and went for a jaw-dropping $1,995 Angel Brinks jumpsuit that puts literally every dress in existence to shame. Even though it's not your traditional prom look, the rhinestone-studded ensemble came with everything you could want in a prom OOTD: massive amounts of tulle, super high heels, and more sparkle than a disco ball. There was even a matching mask. The intricate crystal detailing and lingerie-inspired structuring reminds me of the Balmain stunner Kylie Jenner wore to the Met Gala last May. Following in Kylie's footsteps, Faith's dazzling look has gone viral and people are totally freaking out. After I saw @AngelBrinks' prom designs this year, I told my sister we found where you are going next year for senior ball 😂 #BrinksOnly pic.twitter.com/RJsX9XdQOQTrying to be this lit come may 13th and next years prom 😅😝😝 https://t.co/8mXCognhCLSLAYED .🤤😻💅🏼 https://t.co/SqVpnwN6WHFaith just killed it man 💪💯 https://t.co/NFXT0p00MkI aspire to be that extra. 😍Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			NEED. EVERYTHING. 😍Ever wished you could look like the girls on the pages of the magazines (*cough* Gigi Hadid *cough*)? We've got you covered. The Edit by Seventeen's second collection just dropped and five of Seventeen's fashion editors have picked out looks just for you. Whether you're a chill af tomboy or an over-the-top girly type, you're going to be obsessed – trust. "Prints, patches, pins and personality are what we want! Pile it on or keep it simple. Our jeans and cropped hoodie are the perfect base to add on all your favorite fun accessories for the best summer ever." -  Aya Kanai, Executive Fashion DirectorClockwise: The Edit by Seventeen Patch Medium Wash Skinny Jeans, $39, Macy's; No New Friends Pin, $15, Shopbop; Verona Espadrilles, $45, Shopbop ; The Edit by Seventeen Cropped Cold-Shoulder T-Shirt, $20, Macy's; Strawberry Pin, $12, Shopbop; All My Love Sunglasses, $60, Shopbop; Leo Studio Design Clutch, $95, Shopbop; Pizza Pin, $12, Shopbop; Rainbow iPhone Case, $45, Shopbop"I never want to look like I'm trying too hard so an easy way to achieve that is to take a more casual look and pair it with glam accessories." - Sarah Conly, Fashion Market DirectorClockwise: The Edit by Seventeen Striped Track Pants, $35, Macy's: Metallic Heel Mules, $48, Topshop; The Edit by Seventeen Colorblocked Track Jacket, $35; Macy's; Peace Pin, $12, Shopbop; Chelsea Cross Body Bag, $248, Shopbop"I love sporty separates! I would dress it up with a graphic heel, and statement bag." - Nicole Fineo, Accessories EditorClockwise: The Edit by Seventeen Soft Jogger Pants, $35, Macy's; Snapshot Camera Bag, $295, Shopbop; The Edit by Seventeen Pleated Crop Top, $30, Macy's; Printed Strap Sandals, $450, Shopbop"Love to wear a sports bra as a crop top especially with a wide leg pant! Throw a jacket (in this case a bomber jacket) over it to cover up when it gets chilly. Pair this look with a sneaker and graphic clutch to keep it casual." - Tiffany Reid, Senior Fashion Market EditorClockwise: The Edit by Seventeen Colorblocked Track Jacket, $35, Macy's; KENZO Pouch, $240, Shopbop; The Edit by Seventeen Crepe Gaucho Pants, $35, Macy's; The Edit by Seventeen Strappy Crop Top, $27, Macy's; Superstar Sneakers, $445, Shopbop"Denim and sporty pieces are my absolute favorite styles to wear and especially together. The quirky patchwork on the denim jacket, lace up on the top, and fold over of the skirt are all subtle details that add something special to the overall look. I'm keeping the accessories casual with my favorite Vans sneaker and a camo backpack." - Aeyung Kim, Fashion EditorClockwise: The Edit by Seventeen Striped Track Pants $35, [link href="https://www.macys.com/shop/product/the-edit-by-seventeen-juniors-striped-track-pants-only-at-macys?ID=4404948&CategoryID=21561#fn=sp%3D1%26spc%3D30%26ruleId%3D65%26slotId%3D12%26kws%3Dthe%20edit%20by%20seventeen%26searchPass%3DexactMultiMatch" target="_blank" 0="data-tracking-id="recirc-text-link"" link_updater_label="external"]Macy's; The Edit By Seventeen, Lace-Up Cropped Hoodie, $35, Macy's ; The Edit by Seventeen Lace-Up Bomber Topper Jacket, $70, Macy's; Adidas Classic Camouflage Backpack, $48, Topshop		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			In case you missed the memo about the '90s being back.Fashion is cyclical, and lately the cool kids have been reviving the 1990s (see: a choker revival and overalls on the red carpet, plus this entire clothing line, among other recent examples).The latest sign that the past is popping up in our wardrobes again? Steve Madden is re-releasing the Slinky, one of his all-time most popular designs. As the brand explains in a press release, "this throwback favorite slide, featuring a flatform sole and stretchy upper has never looked better — a must-have shoe for longtime SM girls!"The shoe is already available for pre-order on SteveMadden.com for $69 — just in time for summer. Seriously, the sandal was popular for a reason: The Slinky works with just about any outfit, and the platform gives you a 2-inch boost without arching your foot uncomfortably.Can't you already hear that trademark thwock as the elasticky upper fabric connects the shoe to your foot as you walk? Music to a '90s girl's ears.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The rising model shares her confidence tips so you'll look h-o-t all summer long. The 19-year-old model knows how to rock a swimsuit! Here, she shares her confidence tips so you're sure to look *and* feel amazing this summer.  It might seem like extra fabric would be a bad thing when you have curves, but it's often just the opposite. Side and belly ruching on a swimsuit is super flattering, and gives you a flirty vintage vibe. Barbie agrees. "It cinches at the waist so it gives you a really good shape," she says. Mesh One Piece, Betsey Johnson "I feel really comfortable and cute in bikini bottoms that have thick sides," explains Barbie. Whether it's a high-waist style or briefs, bottoms with more material on the sides provides the perf amount of coverage while still flaunting your curves. Top, Adore Me (sold as a set); Bottoms, Torrid When you have curves, you're often not the same size on top as you are on the bottom. The sporty red and blue bikini Barbie fell in love with at the shoot had bottoms that we're a tiny bit too skimpy for her comfort. So, why not mix and match? These higher-waisted bottoms look super cute with the red top while offering plenty of coverage. "Black high-waisted bottoms go with everything," Barbie says.  Top, AmiClubwear; Bottom, Marie Meili at TargetWhere bikini bottoms hit on your stomach really makes or breaks how you feel in them. That's why adjustable bottoms are so genius. "I'm obsessed with how these bottoms fold down so I can put them exactly where I want," says Barbie. Bikini, Panache at Figleaves Barbie was obsessed with this vintage-inspired bikini, but not just because of the adorable floral print. "I really like a thick band," she says of the bra-style top. "It doesn't cut into you like strappier tops do."Bikini, ASOS Where did the silly rule come from that says curvy girls shouldn't rock bold prints? It's not even close to true! "I like girly, colorful bathing suits," says Barbie. A bold abstract print shows off your curves and your confidence. One-Piece, Aqua Situation at Modcloth"I don't particularly have big boobs," Barbie says laughing. "So, I love this top." An off-the-shoulder top has a little more material to help fill out your chest, and helps balance out your hips creating a gorge hourglass shape. Bikini, ModclothSwimsuits with tons of cut-outs, especially around the hips, aren't so easy to wear, whether or not you have curves. But this bikini looks flawless on everyone thanks to sheer inserts that create the look of strappy sides, without feeling too bare. "If you have some skin on your hips, it doesn't pop out!" adds Barbie. Bikini, TorridPhotography: [link href="https://www.instagram.com/nyavgjoe/?hl=en" target="_blank" link_updater_label="external"]Tyler JoeStyling: Elizabeth DentonHair: Brittan WhiteMakeup: Joseph CarilloFind out what Barbie thinks about guyliner, rompers, sun hats, and Kylie Jenner Lip Kits!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Here's where you can buy it. When Kylie Jenner showed up to Coachella last weekend, everyone was blinded by her glowing neon yellow wig. Because you were shielding your eyes to protect from the harsh UV rays that were probably radiating off of that thing, you might not have gotten a close look at Kylie's outfit. The lipstick mogul rocked a shimmering knitted gold dress with chunky black boots for the music fest and get this: the dress only costs $39. Yep, like the price of two large pizzas. The look is from the retailer Pretty Little Things and because god is real and everything is wonderful, it's is still available to purchase here. So now you get to decide: metallic Kylie dress or two pizzas? This is the hardest decision of my life. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I'm out. Lately I've been feeling like my jeans are a little bit boring. For a start they don't have an extra zip that allows me to air my butt cheeks, they're not shredded to smithereens à la Kendall Jenner and they don't have clear window panels to showcase my knee sweat.So when I heard that half jeans are the next big thing in the denim world, I thought maybe, just maybe I could make this look work for me. Maybe not.Meet American singer and actor Ryan Destiny, who out of the 7.3 billion people in this world is the only one who can pull off the half jean look.And where did Ryan wear this cheeky little number? Coachella of course. Because if you're going to wear half a pair of jeans anywhere, make it somewhere that no one will notice because their vision is impaired by a ginormous flower crown. There are so many questions I want to ask Ryan, like where did you buy these? Were they half price? Does the denim chafe your bare leg? How did you decide what pants to wear with them? Doesn't your leg get very cold?  But mainly I just want to know how she managed to look so good in something so ridiculous.Maybe it's time to start shaving above my knees and investing in a belt.From: Cosmopolitan UK		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's available online.It was only a matter of time before 13 Reasons Why merch hit the internet — and now, we're very happy to report that it's here. It's not officially distributed by Netflix, but rather, by a highly passionate fan who goes by the username ALittleGay who plastered Clay Jensen's face on t-shirts, tank tops, hoodies, and more. The items are sold via a site called RedBubble.Every piece features Clay's face with the phrase "Welcome to Liberty High." The image is from "Clay's iconic scene where he's disoriented following Hannah death and is forced to give a tour of Liberty High School to foreign exchange students," the creator explains on the site. The merch line includes... And so much more (tank tops! scoop-neck tees! hoodies!). Each item comes in a variety of colors. On Twitter, the creator explained that new items will arrive on RedBubble every week — so if these pieces don't pique your interest, just check back soon.Hannah Orenstein is the assistant features editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Twitter and Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			And she did exactly that.Sixth grader Molly Neuner purposely broke her Portland, Maine, middle school's dress code on Wednesday, the  Portland Press Herald reports. She decided to do so after being publicly reprimanded earlier this week for wearing a racerback tank top to class.  Molly broke the dress code by wearing another, different tank top. She accessorized this time by writing "#IAmNotADistraction" down her arm in marker. She told the Press Herald that not only did being yelled at in front of other people for wearing such a harmless thing propel her to do this, but she also decided to act because she thinks the dress code is sexist.  The Portland Public Schools dress code doesn't specify tank tops are prohibited, only that "schools may prohibit dress which causes a material and substantial disruption of the school and/or is so distractive as to interfere with the learning process but may not impose limitations on dress in which fashion or taste is the sole criterion." Superintendent Xavier Botana told the paper he believes that rule needs to be further defined: "I would be hard-pressed to understand how the size of a strap makes a substantial and material disruption." By the end of the day on Wednesday, King Middle School Principal Caitlin LeClair had met with Molly and her parents and announced the school would be reevaluating their dress code at the end of the year, but that the current dress code would remain in place until then. Molly was cautiously optimistic: "I'm happy they're going to look at it, but I want to make sure they really do it."  Still, at least 20 girls decided to break the dress code on Wednesday and Thursday in solidarity and that made her happy. "It was so cool to see everyone doing it," she said.From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			According to science.Life is nothing if not loaded with minor frustrations. Traffic, long lines at the supermarket, crappy Internet service. But perhaps none of those is more annoying than when a shoelace comes untied. It's like the paper cut of minor inconveniences. Small, but with an incongruous amount of (admittedly existential) pain.Luckily, a group of mechanical engineers at the University of California, Berkeley have begun to unravel the mystery of why it happens. Beginning back in 2005, after a TED talk in which Terry Moore discussed how to properly tie shoes, the researchers wanted to understand why a knot failed at all.They hypothesized a few different causes—that, among other things, the swinging leg causes the free strings to feel a force in the opposite direction, that the impact of the shoe hitting the ground causes the knot to deform, and that the repetition of those two makes the knot looser. To test their hypotheses, the researchers built an experimental treadmill equipped with a super slow-mo 900 frame-per-second camera so that they could observe someone walking in a pair of those (woefully uncool) toe shoes. Using different knots and setups—some of which included a rope-driven pendulum attached to an accelerometer—they found that "catastrophic knot failure" was, in fact, due to the combination of the striking motion and swinging action. The results, which were published yesterday in the journal Proceedings of the Royal Society Series A, also found that a "weak knot" always came untied before a "strong knot" (which seems fairly intuitive). If you're wondering what the difference is, you can re-watch Terry Moore's TED talk about it—but suffice it to say, if you tie your laces and they fall parallel to your foot, you've tied a weak knot, if they fall perpendicular, you've tied a strong knot.Apart from tying a "strong knot," you can also just double-knot your laces, although that doesn't guarantee that they won't come untied. It just makes the knot a more complex problem to unravel. Perhaps the most interesting thing about this research, though—beyond it helping us no longer feel like seven-year-olds who can't properly tie our shoes—is that physicists believe the findings could eventually help them understand how knotted structures like proteins and DNA untie themselves without breaking. In the meantime, no longer having to bend down on a crowded sidewalk to re-tie our laces is definitely a win. From: Esquire US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Forever 21 plans to relaunch its Plus collection on Friday, providing updated, more stylish offerings including accessories, lingerie, and swim. A new campaign featuring well known curvy models Barbie Ferreira and Lulu Bonfils is also part of the effort."We launched Forever 21 Plus in 2009 as we felt that there was a big gap in the market for trend-driven, plus fashion at a great value," Forever 21 vice president of merchandising Linda Chang told Women's Wear Daily. "Our instincts were right and now 'plus' is a key category for us. We're relaunching [it] in response to growing customer demand for more styles and fashion."Ferreira and Bonfils will appear in a lookbook that demonstrates the full range of the extended line, which will retail from $16 to $78 and service sizes XL to 3X. "To amplify this [expanded collection] we have created a special lookbook ... which illustrates the new, energetic, and bold look of the collection," Chang continued. "Additionally, we will be highlighting more influencers and customers on the Forever 21 Plus Instagram." 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Did you wake up this morning and think "Gosh, how can I do my part to break the stereotype that all festival-goers wear flower crowns?" Good news! Designer Sarah Cosper has created a crystal crown that will "enchant" those sick of floral headpieces and can be worn on other occasions,  Hello Giggles reports.  Cosper sells all her "made by hand with love and positivity" pieces through  Etsy where they range from $59.99 to $125.  Cosper told Hello Giggles she's always been "a rock guy" despite people discouraging her habit: "People would try to tell me pyrite was worthless and I never saw it the same way, you know? Like, this shit is sparkly and it makes me happy. That's not worthless." The crowns are not meant to be festival-exclusive. You can wear them here, you can wear them there, you can wear them anywhere.Cosper's  You're going to wear crystals on your head. Who can tell you what to do?		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			For the most part, Ashley Tisdale looks back on her time as a Disney Channel star with fondness but she does have one regret: the outfit she wore to the premiere of The Incredibles in 2004, when she was 19. The early '00s were a crazy time in fashion, but even so, the shiny pink camo skirt, denim jacket, sequined shoulder bag, and pink boots she wore that night were a whole lot of look, to say the least. "[Our stylists outfitted] you how you're styled on your TV show," she told People. "So I looked like my [Suite Life of Zac & Cody] character [Maddie Fitzpatrick] at all times when I was going out."It's the pink fuzzy sash that Ashley finds most objectionable nowadays. "I wore this really weird pink camo skirt and this pink furry thing. I don't even know what it was, but I said, 'Ooh, put me in it!' And instead of wearing it like you would normally wear it, I was like, 'I am going to have one of my arms out and have it going across my body,'" she said. "It was the weirdest thing. At that point, you just have to laugh at yourself." No judgment here — pretty sure that cargo skirt was in everyone's early 2000s closet.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Just in time for spring, another dress-code controversy.It's finally spring, which means that across the nation, people can break out their warm-weather clothes. Shorts, sundresses, sandals, flip-flops are welcomed back—unless you're a student at Tom C. Clark High School in Texas.Student Sophia Abuabara was asked to change last week by her assistant principal after she violated the school's dress code. What exactly was she violating with this striped dress? It's not form-fitting, sleeveless, or short. It even passes the fingertip test, with the hemline falling several inches below Sophia's fingertips. Sophia had to call her mother, Rosey Abuabara, for a change of clothes, which her mother refused to provide. Rosey says her daughter's studies were reportedly interrupted a second time that day, when the principal poked his head into Sophia's classroom during an exam to address the dress issue. "This issue was addressed by campus administrators in a manner consistent with other dress code violations on campus and no disciplinary action was taken. The student was not taken out of class during a test, rather she was sent to visit with campus administration after her test was completed," said school communications director in a statement to Yahoo Style.Still annoyed by the school's dress-code policies, Rosey took to Instagram to defend her daughter, and to point out that the very same day Sophia was disciplined Rosey glimpsed a boy wearing a shorter hemline in the school parking lot. Wow. My daughter got #dresscoded for this dress. They said it was too short. Yet, boys can dress like this?? She had 3 exams that afternoon, including Physics AP, Latin 3, and APUSH. But her skirt length.... #dresscode #dresscoded #gïrlsonly #archaic #patriarchy #shaming #slutshaming #boysdontgetdresscoded #viceprincipalA post shared by  Rosey🌹 (@roseyabu) on Apr 9, 2017 at 12:22pm PDTIn a fascinating turn, the boy from Rosey's pic piped up in the comments on her Instagram. "Well, I think the problem is not so much with the boys who wear them as it is with the administration and an uneven application of the rules (which I do acknowledge exists, and do not support)," @dont_rob.jectify_me wrote. "As a generation we're moving in a more liberal direction with our bodies and often see fit to wear shorter clothing, both boys and girls. And, like you said, it's hot."Another day, another dress-code drama. When will schools get it together?		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"It's places like that making my friends think their bodies aren't beautiful and that they shouldn't eat."Topshop, the makers of those hilarious knee-window mom jeans, is currently getting attention for a much more serious reason. After a photo of a window display was posted on Facebook, people started bashing the retailer for featuring super skinny mannequins. The post came from a UK mom, after her daughter noticed the frail-looking models while shopping and snapped a pic. Her daughter was outraged and the display inspired an epic rant. She said: "I mean, it's not surprising that so many of my friends think they are fat or just don't like their bodies. Are girls not meant to be happy whatever size they are? Are we not meant to even f***ing EAT?" Commenters agreed, saying the mannequins are "basically promoting anorexia," because of their emaciated appearance. This isn't the first time those mannequins have caused drama for the brand, though. Back in 2014 Topshop promised they'd ditch ultra thin mannequins after a similar post went viral. The brand made a statement, saying they won't be "placing any further orders on this style of mannequin," but it looks like they forgot to clean out the storage rooms at their existing stores. Topshop did not immediately respond for comment. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Whether you're covered in tats or prefer to remain ink-free, there's no denying tattooing is an art. Whether you're covered in tats or prefer to remain ink-free, there's no denying tattooing is an art. Click through to see who's doing it best, and let these artists inspire your next piece (or just admire them from afar).Who: @georgiagreynycWhy: Grey's signature watercolor-inspired pieces look like they belong in a museum.Who: @johnnygloom  Why: Gloom's graphic, all-black pieces evoke the mystery and seduction of film noir.Who: @bangbangnycWhy: Keith "Bang Bang" McCurdy is a celebrity favorite; he's famously inked Rihanna, Justin Bieber, Miley Cyrus, Kylie Jenner and Cara Delevingne. McCurdy opened his first shop in NYC last year, and his Instagram showcases his work alongside the pieces done by his talented team of artists.Who: @dr_woo_Why: Dr. Woo (real name: Brian Woo) is one of the most in-demand tattoo artists in LA. He's inked the likes of Drake (famously, a prayer hand emoji) and Rihanna. According to the New York Times, his signature is a grouping of circles, arrows and dots, which fans have dubbed "Woo arrows."  Who: @laurenwinzerWhy: This Aussie has amassed a massive following thanks to her girly tattoos of colorful cartoon characters and vibrant floral arrangements.Who: @tealeighWhy: Leigh is an illustrator who specializes in old-fashioned "stick and poke" tattoos, which use a needle to poke ink into the skin. Leigh's nature-inspired designs and hand motifs are beautifully delicate—and in high demand.Who: @scampbell333Why: New York-based Campbell is Marc Jacobs' go-to tattooer and has also inked the likes of Robert Downey Jr. and Courtney Love.Who: @jonboytattooWhy: Those seeking tiny, delicate works flock to Jon Boy at West 4 Tattoo. Who: @sashaunisexWhy: Sasha specializes in colorful, geometric pieces that she's expanded into temporary tattoos, pins and other merch.Who: @suflandaWhy: This German tattooist works solely in black ink to create surreal, highly-detailed pieces.Who: @coreydivineWhy: Divine's graphic, geometric tattoos are positively mesmerizing.Who: herzdameWhy: Sarah Herzdame works with a spare palette—black, gray and the occasional splash or red, green or blue —and specializes in geometry and shading for a wholly unique look.Who: @sarahgauglerWhy: Gaugler proves her range with an oeuvre that includes tiny, spare line pieces and heavier, detailed works—all rendered with precision and skill.Who: @peteraurischWhy: Aurisch works out of Berlin, adorning his customers with colorful, Picasso-inspired works. Who: @timorsuperWhy: This tattooist's detailed pieces range from the ultra-surreal to hyper-realistic.Who: @minkasicklingerWhy: Sicklinger's eye for detail translates into bold, geometric tattoos depicting spiritual and natural motifs, animals and the human form. From: Harper's BAZAAR US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			A lot of fashion options out there are inspired by the likes of Snow White, Alice, and Pocahontas — but Disney itself has launched a line of retro-looking dresses that are perfect for prom. So, princess lovers, your dream of actually being Disney royalty at your prom can seriously happen. Rejoice!Walt Disney World in Florida just opened The Dress Shop on Cherry Tree Lane in the Disney Springs part of Disney World. The boutique features dresses that have a sort of '50s vibe and draw from the princesses' stories for their designs. If you're looking for Belle's yellow "Tale As Old As Time" gown, that's not exactly what you'll find. Instead, you'll see cute fit-and-flare silhouettes with bitten poison apples for Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, floral patterns and tea-cup designs inspired by Alice in Wonderland, and geometric feather prints meant to represent Pocahontas."These items aren't costumes," merchandiser Donna Sorrow told the Disney Parks Blog. "Rather, the collection contains perfect outfits for guests who have a passion for Disney style."If you're a Disney fan, but not necessarily a princess person, there's also something for you. Dresses designed with a few of the theme park's most popular rides are also available. Think: the '70s-era flowers from "It's a Small World," a bellhop-esque creation that brings the Tower of Terror to mind, and even a spooky Haunted Mansion design.Dresses will retail from $100 to $160 and are exclusively available at Walt Disney World in Florida for now, but they will soon be sold online. Select pieces will also make their way over to California's DisneyLand at Vault 28 in Anaheim. Sneak a peek at the designs below.Dibs on "It's a Small World."		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Sustainability just got a little stinkier. As part of a sweeping plan to be 100 percent sustainable by 2040, H&M has invested in a wide variety of inventive products that are more environmentally conscious, including something people are calling "poop fabric." And, yeah, it's basically what it sounds like. Gross, right?!Apparently "poop fabric" is a soft and sturdy material that's made of cow manure. Don't worry, it won't ~actually~ smell. Basically it takes cellulose found in cattle dung and converts it into a hardy fabric. The most eco-friendly thing about it is that the rest of the poop — the part not used to make clothing — helps fuel the entire creation process.Inventor Jalila Essaidi is actually calling it Mestic, which sounds way less gross, and has already created clothing with it, according to Refinery29. See it in action below.The future sure is looking crappy!Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Hermione would be appalled. All members of the Grammar Police, please report for duty! The law has been broken! The culprit? This distressed tee from Topshop. Its crime? Well, see for yourself:The mistake was originally spotted by, Yahoo! Style and now it's going to bother me for all of eternity. Don't see the problem? Here's what's up: the shirt says "its not you its me," making the very common grammatical error of switching the words "its" and "it's."What the shirt should say is "it's not you it's me." And if we're getting really picky here, which we are, there should also be a comma between "you" and "it's."But don't worry Topshop, we fixed it for you. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It sounds like Bebe, a women's fashion label you couldn't escape if you wanted to look hot going out in the early 2000s, will close its brick-and-mortar locations in 2017.Anonymous sources close to the situation told Bloomberg that the company plans instead to focus on web sales in a move to avoid filing for bankruptcy. The label may not be able to avoid Chapter 11, however, if landlords refuse to negotiate. According to Bloomberg, Bebe — which once enjoyed collaborations on fashion and jewelry with the Kardashian sisters and Mischa Barton — has no significant debt, but lost nearly $200 million over the past four years. Stock has reportedly also fallen more than 80 percent over the last two years, though it did have a small resurgence last month.The company previously announced that it would shutter around 25 locations in 2017, but, if these sources are correct, many more closures will take place throughout the next year. This news comes on the heels of a lot of recent retail shakeups, including former competitor BCBG filing for bankruptcy earlier this month and Abercrombie announcing the closure of 60 stores in 2017. Seriously, malls as we know them are about to become extinct, y'all.Update 4/6: According to Women's Wear Daily, Bebe has officially announced it will be closing all 170 of its stores and focusing on online retail instead. Associates at multiple locations said final sales begin on Saturday, and most shops will close their doors for good by May 31.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Another day, another pants problem.pic.twitter.com/JRp6RjvNOb Ahem:Last night, you went to sleep comforted. You knew in your heart that should a dog ever have to wear pants he would do so like the above.All was good in the world. You could sleep.You woke up optimistic. You woke up confident. You woke up to Twitter asking about how pants would wear pants.You panicked. quick question pic.twitter.com/2QGcdjRWXIYou, grasping and grabbing at sanity, googled "dogs in pants." You remembered what it was like to feel sure. You hated this new feeling, this internal disconnect. You clicked into this post, looking for clarity, looking for light. I gave you none of that. I don't care.From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			In case you weren't aware, President Donald Trump owns a modeling agency called Trump Model Management. Founded in 1999, the company came under fire during Trump's presidential campaign and back in February, talk of an industry boycott began to circulate on social media. "I'm committing from this day forward, I refuse to be a part of any job or project that includes casting from Trump Models," celebrity hairstylist Tim Aylward wrote on Facebook. "Fellow [hair and makeup], photo, and production friends, has there been any conversation about an organized boycott within the industry?"Since then, models and employees alike have been leaving in droves, a handful of them forming a new modeling agency called Anti Management. The new company currently represents 20 models (many formerly of Trump's agency) and claims to be putting special focus on improving models' sometimes frightening working conditions.According to Refinery29, employees began making the switch shortly after Aylward's FB post and haven't looked back, particularly because of the treatment they got from within the industry. "The people who got the worst of it were the models; they'd arrive on set and people would say, 'Oooh, you're from Trump [Models]? How dare you?' or 'Why are you still with them?'" Gabriel Ruas Santos Rocha, a former Trump Model Management employee told the publication. "The girls would explain how hard we worked for them, how much they trusted us, and how we never made them feel unsafe. They were constantly harassed ... on shoots, especially by other models."Rocha, the founder of Anti, denied that the new agency's name was a shady reference to Trump or his agency and told Refinery29 the name was taken from Meriam-Webster's definition of the term "Anti": "serving to prevent, cure, or alleviate."Either way, it looks like there are a lot of models out there who really need someone to have their backs. It's nice that this agency is at least trying to address the concerns of mistreated women.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She looks amazing.Ariel Winter is the latest celeb to hop on the butt-rip jean trend (like Kylie Jenner did that one time). Are you here for it?On Instagram, Ariel posted two photos of her hanging out with her friend Jessie Berg. Ariel's wearing light-wash Levi's with a butt rip. (You can buy them here, already ripped, from a brand called RE/DONE.)Take it from me — a one-time bare-butt jeans-wearer — she's a brave one. Not every commenter totally ~ got ~ the look. "There is a hole in your pants you silly," one person wrote. Trust. This look feels breezy AF. She knows about the hole.But it's fine. Ariel looks amazing.Hannah Orenstein is the assistant features editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Twitter and Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Fast-fashion retailer Fashion Nova, which has blown up on Instagram over the past few years thanks to celebs like Kylie Jenner and Blac Chyna, landed in some hot water with its curvier customers. The brand's sizes range from XS to 3X, but on their "Plus Size and Curve" page, they use straight-size models to sell their extended size options.That won't do, according to curvy model Tabria Majors, who first called out the brand on Instagram, writing, "@fashionnovacurve why do you use size 2 models to represent your plus size line? 🤔 #questionsthatneedanswers."Majors's post now has over 14,000 likes from followers who agree. "EXACTLYYYYYYY !!" one commenter sympathized, while another chimed in, "WoW, thats ridiculous 😳 and even the size 2 models look fotoshopped [sic] 😂🤣😂🤣."According to Yahoo Style, there are many reasons Fashion Nova could be using straight-size models over size 14-and-above girls, such as the fact that many modeling agencies think "plus" starts at size 8, even as most plus-size brands rarely make clothes smaller than a size 12. The added cost of hiring two models to wear the same outfit, one straight-size and one plus, could also be a factor. It's great that Fashion Nova caters to a range of sizes but actually seeing curvy girls wearing the clothes is important too. Smaller models don't have to be the industry standard when a full range of models is available, and brands that carry extended sizes should be leading that charge.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			This is NOT Official Dress.Growing up in small-town Illinois meant the hallways of my high school were basically a parade of navy blue corduroy. FFA was a right of passage for farm kids (except me; I was too busy being emo AF) and those boxy member jackets were a fixture in everyone's wardrobe. So you can imagine my surprise when I moved to New York City – the fashion capital of the U.S. – and saw Brooklyn hipsters buying the National FFA Organization outerwear for $100 at high-end vintage boutiques. Yep, FFA is officially trendy. Hipsters, bloggers and fashionistas all over Insta are ironically rocking vintage blues – breaking like every guideline for FFA Official Dress in the process, I might add.Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			My mind's tellin' me no, but my body, my body's tellin' me...Sometimes the world can seem like a very dark place, which is why we have this insatiable urge to fill our lives with impractical mermaid/unicorn stuff. Trust me when I say we've seen everything from unicorn noodles, to unicorn makeup, and even unicorn candle holders.  And now Irregular Choice has taken unicorn fashion to the next level with their latest line of unicorn footwear, which can be shipped all over the world.Presented to you without comment:  How do you feel about these? Are you ready to take your unicorn obsession to another level, or would you like to see these immediately removed from the shelves for causing offense to your retinas?Do let me know.From: Cosmopolitan UK		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Late last week in Los Angeles, Puma filed a lawsuit against Forever 21 alleging that the fast fashion retailer infringed on patents, trade dress, and copyrights. According to the suit, three of Forever 21's footwear offerings are lookalikes from Rihanna's Fenty x Puma line and "trade upon the substantial goodwill of Puma, Rihanna, and the Fenty shoes."The documents claim that The Creeper, Bow Slide, and Fur Slide styles are "confusingly similar" to Forever 21's products adding that the "use of strikingly similar shoes has not gone unnoticed. The media and consumers alike have commented on the substantial similarities between Puma's Fenty Copyrights and Defendant's shoe designs."Puma, according to the lawsuits, hopes to win back any profits Forever 21 has seen from the sale of those three designs as well as damages (i.e. revenue lost from customers who would have bought Puma shoes, but opted for the less-expensive Forever 21 version instead) and any additional sums agreed to by the court. Puma be like:		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Kendall Jenner is no stranger to taking risks with her wardrobe — but her latest look just might be one of her boldest yet. While out and about in Los Angeles with her sister Kim Kardashian on Thursday, the model raised the bar for It Girl style with an oversized, red and white striped Oxford shirt tucked into cut-off denim shorts — with the ankles still attached.  That's right: her shorts came with two makeshift anklets, attached via shredded fabric on the sides. Kendall completed the look with some oversized sunglasses, clean white tennis shoes, and a red wristlet. But clearly, it's the shorts that made this look iconic. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It might be cold out, but things are about to get steamy on the internet! (I'm so sorry.)Ariel Winter arrived at the premiere of Smurfs: The Lost Village in Los Angeles sporting a super cute, partially see-through dress. Peep the sides, and bow down: QUEEN!Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Aerie is at with the body positivity vibe again, and I love it a lot.  Their new collection, Happy Swim, is filled with gorgeous pieces, and the #AerieREAL hashtag on Instagram is showcasing real, untouched women wearing them. And daaayum, they look fine! This is all part of Aerie's Love The Swim You're In campaign for the second year in a row, which is an effort to promote their swimwear, and raise money for the National Eating Disorders Association. For every pic of un-retouched swimwear pic on social media tagged with #AerieREAL, and they will donate $1 (up to $10,000) to the NEDA. Love, love, love.  [instagram align='center' id='BSNCAfGBqN8']Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			PSA!Scoring a bargain on Lilly Pulitzer merch is like finding a unicorn in the forest. Remember when the brand's Target collab hit stores a few years back and ignited a nationwide frenzy for the affordable designer florals? Yeah. Well, just in time for spring, Twitter has figured out you can now snag L.P.'s iconic prints for cheap at T.J. Maxx and Marshall's – and shoppers CAN'T EVEN. Since when Marshalls began carrying Lilly Pulitzer ? What a nice surprise! 😮😍👖👚 I bought a few to try my luck at flipping 😀❤️ #flipping #haul #ebay #ebayshop #ebaylife #poshmark #poshmarkseller #ebaystore #ebayreseller #retailarbitrage #thrifter #ebayselling #ebayflip #score #haul #thriftlife #thrifting #sourcing #ebaybusiness #ebayfashionA post shared by  Brandsforless2014 (@brandsforless2014) on Mar 28, 2017 at 2:39pm PDTNothing lifts your spirits more than finding Lilly Pulitzer at TJ MaxxPeople are snapping up everything from shorts, tops and dresses to classic Lilly day planners.Just found Lilly Pulitzer planners at Marshall's for $9.99 😬Shoutout to TJ Maxx for having Lilly Pulitzer shorts for $25 what a steal go me being a bargain shopper ayyyA moment of silence for the basics everywhere who just literally died. 🙋🙋🙋🙋Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You may need a Jenner-sized budget, though.Remember last August when Kylie Jenner wore jeans with holes ripped into each butt cheek and the internet briefly melted down? Yeah. That. Now, a brand called RE/DONE is selling its own version of the butt-baring pants. A post shared by Kylie ✨ (@kyliejenner) on Aug 29, 2016 at 2:07pm PDTThe rip is a lot smaller than Kylie's, and unlike hers, only offers butt ventilation on one side. I found this $280 pair on the upscale shopping mecca site Revolve, but it turns out that RE/DONE actually dedicates an entire section of its e-commerce site to what they refer to as their Ass Rip Collection.RE/DONE's jeans are all vintage Levi's made into one-of-a-kind products. No two pairs are exactly alike. Options include a high-rise black pair or a cropped pair in bold blue; prices range from $176 to $311 and sizes go from 23 to 31. Just saying, if you don't have that kind of cash to burn, you can always DIY your own pair. When I copied Kylie's bare-butt jeans last year, I managed to steal her look for just under $11. I bought $9.99 jeans from H&M and destroyed them myself with a $1 sheet of sandpaper from a hardware store. The whole process took just 10 minutes.Hannah Orenstein is the assistant features editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Twitter and Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Traditional bralettes have little to no support, which is why ladies with larger chests rarely buy them. But that's all changed, thanks to indie lingerie brand Lively, which just launched the "Busty Bralette," made specifically for women with DD or DDD cups. Rejoice!The lightly lined triangle top comes in two colors — jet-black and soft pink — in sizes 34D to 38DDD, and retails for an affordable $35."Inclusivity has always been one of our brand's most important pillars, so extending sizing has always been a goal; we knew over a year ago that we wanted to offer extended sizes, especially in bralettes," Lively's founder and CEO Michelle Cordeiro Grant told Refinery29. "It was something so rare in the category, and we definitely saw it as a void in the market."The Busty Bralette was fashioned after the label's most popular straight-size alternative, the Mesh Trim Bralette, with added tweaks including wider and stronger bands under the cups, more powerful straps, and an extra sling inside for even more support. More of this, please!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Students clapped back epically. With prom night nearly here for Stanton College Prep in Jacksonville, Florida, school officials are under fire from students and parents for posting dress-code guidelines many say were offensive and dehumanizing to female students.Good thing they told us a week before prom it's not like everyone has their dress already....... pic.twitter.com/3nOKhSTu4RLast week on campus, administrators hung flyers that sought to break down the dress styles that would be banned from the April 1 event. One flyer included a photograph of a girl in a midriff-baring gown. "Going to Stanton Prom? No you're not," the flyer read. Flyers with identical wording showed gowns with exposed backs, deep necklines and leg slits. But it was a flyer showing an "approved" gown that sparked the most controversy: Alongside a pic of a floor-skimming dress with near-complete coverage from the neck down, the text read, "Going to Stanton Prom? Yes you are. Good girl."Um, "good girl"? Nuh-uh. When a student named Lily shared a pic of the flyers on Twitter, the phrasing sparked an immediate outcry. "'Good girl' as if we're some dogs," a senior named Hayley fumed. One girl wrote that the flyer was "absolutely disgusting and insulting." Another user echoed the outrage over the creepy pet vibes, wondering why the school was treating girls "like disobedient dogs." With Lily's tweet going viral, students and supporters fought back, using the hashtag #scpgoodgirl to blast the school's administration.Stanton College Prep, Jax FL#1 in the state #3 in the region #6 in the nation last in respect #scpgoodgirlI DONT EVEN GO TO STANTON BUT IT DOESNT MATTER BC GIRLS DESERVE RESPECT #scpgoodgirl"good girl" this is absolutely disgusting and insulting to all the intelligent young ladies who attend this school https://t.co/kgLBXI0MhIDo you know what happened last year when I wore a two piece dress with a slit (like upper right) to prom last year? NOTHING🖕 #scpgoodgirl pic.twitter.com/ifPAZDhOh3The school mascot pledged to boycott his costume until the school issued an apology. In response the flyers, SCP's student body declared March 28 Women's Day on campus and showed up in shirts taped with the symbol for female. UPDATE for everyone I did not get called to admin and the principal apologized. Also our student body really showed unity today! pic.twitter.com/U7UZ3gR3pv#scpgoodgirl administration you messed up😐 thanks to @Coop_Connelly for the quote on my shirt🙌🏾 you said it best pic.twitter.com/hGVLr96T2BTWITTER HASHTAG FOR TOMORROW - #SCPGOODGIRL // TOMORROW IS WOMENS DAY - PURPLE AND WHITE COLORS , DUCT TAPE FEMALE GENDER SIGN ON SHIRTUpdate: #scpgoodgirl pic.twitter.com/blJGnGEHK4Through its official Twitter account on Tuesday, the school denounced the flyers and said they had been taken down.The display of prom dress photos at Stanton College Prep is not appropriate or an approved policy. Images were removed on Mon. #SCPgoodgirlA spokesperson for Stanton College Prep also made a statement to CBS 47 News, writing: "The display of prom dress photos pertaining to recommended attire at Stanton College Preparatory School is not an approved policy by the school or Duval County Public Schools. The displayed images were immediately removed by school leadership on Monday. Both students and staff have been informed this was not acceptable or appropriate guidance for prom dress attire."Laureen Ricks, the Media Relations Supervisor for the school district, told Seventeen.com that the dress code outlined on the posters will not be enforced at this year's dance.Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You love to keep up with all the latest trends, but as you get older, it's time to start investing in some basics that you'll wear over and will make getting dressed a breeze. These wardrobe staples are the building blocks of every stylish girl's wardrobeYou love to keep up with all the latest trends, but as you near the big 2-1, it's time to start investing in some basics that you'll wear over and will make getting dressed a breeze. These wardrobe staples are the building blocks of every stylish girl's wardrobe.Like your favorite pair of jeans, a denim jacket goes with everything, and it's a great layering piece for cool summer nights, chilly fall days, or even when you need an extra layer in the winter. Classic Denim Jacket, $39.95, ae.comMORE: Find Your Perfect Jean Fit!Flats are a must for when you need something more polished than sneakers but more comfy than heels. A cute pair of ballet flats make even the most distressed jeans look chic, and look cute with dresses, too. Of course, black and nude are the most versatile options, but snakeskin or leopard-print can be treated like neutrals and look super chic.   Olyvia Flats, $65, aldoshoes.comMORE: Your Ultimate Fall Shoe Guide!Find a fitted blazer that you feel great in, and you'll have it in your closet for years and years. It's an internship and work essential that makes any outfit look instantly more profesh, and can dress up jeans and a tee for a night out or work over a dress for a party.New Look Suit Jacket, $44.48, asos.comSmall classic studs go with everything and take any look up a notch. The tiny size makes them laid-back enough for class, but the crystals make them glam enough to rock with a party dress. Pastel Baguette Stud Set, $28, baublebar.comMORE: 25 Hottest Fall Accessories Under $15The right sized bra can transform your entire wardrobe, making tops, dresses, and more look and fit better. The right size bra won't bunch up or pull across, plus, the straps will stay put. A T-shirt bra with lightly-lined cups is your best bet, so it looks smooth under fitted tops. Pick a style in your skin tone, and it'll work under any color shirt (unlike white, which glows under black shirts and shows under white shirts!). Naked Mesh Plunge Bra, $49, thirdlove.comMORE: The Dos And Don'ts of Wearing a BraA white tee is a must-have for every wardrobe. You'll wear it all the time—with jeans, under sweaters, with skirts, you name it! Finding the perfect white tee can be a bit tricky. The best ones are soft with a relaxed fit—not too tight or too loose.Cotton Top, $9.95, hm.comMORE: Celebs In Cute Things You Can Afford!As cute as that emoji backpack is, sometimes you need something more profesh, like for a big interview, or an internship. A roomy tote in a structured material will fit your laptop and a change of clothes when you're running from class to your work study job. Pick a timeless color like black, and it will last years to come. Switch It Up Reversible Navy Blue Tote, $59, lulus.comBlack ankle boots in leather or suede will go with everything you own and can be worn year-round. They're perfect with tights and a dress or skirt in cooler temps, or wiht a skirt or shorts and bare legs for warmer weather. Ankle boots are super flattering on every leg shape, and a stacked heel will give you height without sacrificing comfort, so you can wear them when you're running around all day.Kaluwa Faux-Leather Booties, $69.99, callitspring.comA black moto jacket is an essential layering piece that makes everything look instantly cooler. It adds edge to the girliest prints, takes summer dresses into fall, and looks great with jeans and a tee. Moto Zip Crop Jacket, $88, nastygal.comRunning shoes used to be reserved only for going to the gym, but your feet will be happy to know that they are now totally fashion-y to wear all the time! They come in super-fun bright colors and styles, that will give a sporty touch to dresses and jeans. If you get to the gym, that's just a bonus. New Balance WT610v3 Sneakers, $63.71, zappos.comMORE: Hello Kitty x Vans SneakersYou can do SO much with a denim button-down shirt! It's less business-y than a white oxford, and is more lightweight than a denim jacket, making it perfect for layering. Extend your wardrobe by pairing it with a party dress to make it school appro, or double up on denim by rocking it with jeans. Western-Inspired Chambray Shirt, $22.80, forever21.comMORE: 7 Staples That Look Amazing On Everyone!Straight leg jeans in a dark wash are ultra-flattering and versatile and will go with everything. Dark shades look dressier so they can be worn a million different ways and will look polished enough if you intern or work in a jean-friendly office. Find a pair that flatters your figure, and you'll wear them all. the. time.Straight Regular Jeans, $39.95, hm.comMORE: 50 Cutest Jeans Under $50When you need an instant outfit maker, a statement necklace upgrades everything from an LBD to a white tee. Art Deco Statement Necklace, $7.80, forever21.comInvest in a cute clutch in a neutral hue that you can take everywhere from a party or date to the movies with your girls. Choose one that has a removable strap so you can rock it hands-free during the day.Mayfair Envelope Zip Clutch Gold, $32.99, shopprimadonna.comYou can go straight from an Sbux run with your besties to yoga class to the couch for a Netflix binge in black leggings. They're just as comfortable as sweats, but look much more put-together. Full Length Legging, $8, target.comThey may not be the most exciting purchase, but you'll get tons of wear out of black pumps in a classic shape. Rock them with a pencil skirt and blouse for your internship, jeans and a tee for a birthday party, or a dress for a mixer. With a heel under three inches, they are always appropriate and chic. Look for leather or patent-leather ones with a slight point—not too round or too pointy so they aren't too trendy. Merona Melanie High Heel Pump, $29.99, target.comA flattering black dress will take you from your job to a date just by switching up the accessories! Keep it simple and classic with a style that hits just above your knee to get the most use out of it.  Dress With Belt, $79.90, zara.comMORE: The Stages Of Getting Dressed By Age		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Dupe her wardrobe for cheap. King Kylie is the ~queen~ of street style – she can make a sweatsuit look better than a ball gown, but still rocks them both like a champion. Take a break from stalking her Insta and shop the pieces she can't stop wearing – all for less than $50.King Kylie is the ~queen~ of street style – she can make a sweatsuit look better than a ball gown, but still rocks them both like a champion. Take a break from stalking her Insta and shop the pieces she can't stop wearing – all for less than $50. Clockwise: Sleeveless Jersey Dress, $13, H&M; Claire Two Part Wrap Strap Stiletto, $22, Boohoo Clockwise: Denim Jacket, $50, Zara; Gina Transparent Lucite Peep-Toe Booties, $49, Lulu'sClockwise: Women's Juicy Couture Bootcut Velour Pants, $29.99, Kohl's; Women's Juicy Couture Embellished Velour Hoodie Jacket; $29.99, Kohl's; Pink Camo Puffer Jacket, $55, TopshopClockwise: Patterned T-shirt, $18, H&M; ASOS Full Metal Waist Belt, $46, ASOS Clockwise:          Short Top, $15, H&M; Faye Lace Up Side Loopback Jogger, $28, Boohoo 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			🎶 You my pack queen. 🎶There are two types of packers in the world: those who fit their entire life neatly into a carry-on without breaking a sweat, and those who require two checked bags and a "personal item" for a three-day trip (🙋). No matter which category you fall into, these Pinterest-approved, space-saving hacks will be your best friend for spring break.Here's how you should be packing:Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Target just debuted its spring 2017 swim campaign and the pics are totally refreshing.Each of the four models featured represents a different body type without a hint of Photoshop in sight, proving that cutout and color-blocked bikinis, see-through one-pieces, and crochet monokinis, look fabulous on women of all sizes — stretch marks, and cellulite included. You know, real women with real bodies? Seriously, these pics are gorgeous and just go to show that you don't need Photoshop to create a beautiful ad campaign.The suits are all currently available online and retail for $14 to $50.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			(Because of course they do.)If you've looked down at your feet recently and thought, "You know what would make these better? Bubblegum pink puffs of fur!" then you're totally in luck.UGG just debuted The Royale, a fuzzy sandal à la Fenty Puma, Givenchy, and my original favorite, Brother Vellies.Available in six color ways, including baby blue, black, and dove gray, the uppers are made with Toscana shearling fur, which gives extra insulation, and lined with wool. (The bottom is molded rubber in black or white.)You can get The Royale here, although it's a limited-edition item, which means once it sells out, it's gone. Considering the swift sales of Rihanna and Ricardo Tisci's fuzzy footers mere months ago, you might want to nab these sandals before they... uh... slide away. (Sorry! It was just soeasy.) From: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			What, did you think she was going to blame her body?!When your jeans feel extra snug or your top feels a little too tight, it's all too easy to blame yourself and your dumpster diet. But the truth is that you did need that last slice of pizza, that milkshake with dinner, and aaaall the dessert. The other thing: When a piece of clothing doesn't fit, it's sure as hell not your fault. It's why, when full-size Canadian model Joby Bach realized she'd outgrown her bodysuit, she didn't, for a second, point a finger at herself. After all, why would she?Rather than resolve to change her body, Joby decided to change her bodysuit, vastly improving her look (and street cred)."Big booty problems," she wrote in her Instagram caption, which indicates her post's lefthand photo (below) featuring her modeling the shrunken suit. "I realized the bodysuit is now too small for me," she said. She didn't once imply that her body was too big for the bodysuit, or express even a hair of self-doubt. Now it's really time to take notes, since Joby's next move is, in one word, E-P-I-C. "Fuck it...I cut the damn bodysuit," she wrote about the righthand selfie, above, in which she wears the remnants of her garment. Joby, bless her, actually picked up a pair of scissors and transformed the bodysuit into a crop top that reveals all of her assets — including her awesome, body-positive attitude. Now, can we all grab our scissors and follow suit the next time a piece of clothing doesn't fit? Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Total little sis move. Sorry Regina George, but you're not the only one wearing hoop earrings these days. Noted lover of all things '90s, Kendall Jenner is obsessed with the throwback trend – and she's going all out. Could #KendallJenner's look be any more fierce? 💛💛💛A post shared by  Marie Claire (@marieclairemag) on Mar 15, 2017 at 5:26pm PDTEnormous hoops have become her specialty and her little sis Kylie couldn't help but troll her for it. On Snapchat, Ky sneakily stuck her hand through Kendall's earring. The gag is: it actually fit. How big do you think her earrings will get before this trend dies out? Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			So juicy.As of late Tuesday, the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival is suing Urban Outfitters, Inc. for capitalizing on the music event and diluting its brand.According to Women's Wear Daily, the retailer's sister site Free People is inappropriately using registered trademarks to sell products that include a "Coachella Mini Dress," a "Coachella Boot," and a "Coachella Valley Tunic."Coachella has its own collection of merchandise, including clothing, as well as collaborations with H&M and Pandora jewelry. The suit claims that Free People is "trading on the goodwill and fame" of the Coachella brand and that the use of their name competes with those partnerships. Plus, they allege that Free People is trying to "misdirect consumers" to "unauthorized apparel." The festival's complaint says it was forced to act to "protect the famous Coachella marks and protect the public."Additionally, "A Google search for 'Coachella clothing' results in an advertisement for [Free People's] infringing goods," the suit states, adding that Urban Outfitters, Inc. allegedly "ignored [Coachella's] demands to cease their unlawful conduct."At press time, only one such item was still available on freepeople.com. Further searches on the site revealed that the phrase "Coachella" only resulted in items that had the word "festival" in their descriptions, but didn't necessarily mention the music event by name. Urban Outfitters' search results for "Coachella" only came back with a print poster commemorating Woodstock, the '60s-era festival.Cosmopolitan.com has reached out to both the Coachella Festival and Urban Outfitters, Inc. for comment and will update this story if they respond.From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Truly magical.If the new Beauty and the Beast movie has you desperately trying to figure out the easiest way to become a Disney princess, Enchanted Bikinis is here to help. Just in time for spring (if it ever decides to show up), this gorgeous line of princess-inspired bikinis is a dream come true for Disney fans everywhere, and the perfect way to declare your allegiance to one (or more) of the Disney princesses. "Our mission is to let the princess in you glow and enchant everyone and everything around, when you wear your Enchanted bikini," their site reads. "We believe that every woman can feel this way without putting on a costume."From Snow White to Rapunzel, Enchanted Bikinis has a gorgeous swimsuit for any Disney fan looking to spend some more time "Under The Sea" — no tail required. Even more exciting, the bikinis aren't crazy expensive, with tops costing $45 and bottoms costing $35. (Sure, it's still a splurge, but just look at these swimsuits, y'all.)You can buy an Enchanted bikini of your very own right here. (Prince Charming not included.)Follow Gina on Twitter.From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Further proof that Emma Watson is truly a Disney princess Throughout Emma Watson's Beauty and the Beast press tour, Watson has stuck to a mostly neutral wardrobe — a lot of black, some white, and at one point, a light blue, Cinderella-esque dress. But yesterday, she went for a vibrant hue in her first yellow (backless) Belle gown.She wore it for the most appropriate occasion: to read Beauty and the Beast to kids in New York City.That wasn't Watson's only red carpet-worthy look yesterday, however. She also attended a screening of Beauty and the Beast at Lincoln Center in an open-back black gown.There was a long train and a leg slit that Watson worked on the red carpet:A true pro.From: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Athleisure at its finest.No one in the Kardashian-Jenner clan embraces sexy athleisure quite like Kylie Jenner.While out and about at the Westfield Topanga Mall in Los Angeles on Sunday, the makeup maven opted for a skintight monochromatic look by Alo Yoga, featuring the brand's Sunny Strappy Bra and High-Waisted Airbrush Legging, both in Solid Slate Glossy. Kylie completed the look with a pair of gray sneakers, clear gray sunglasses, and a snakeskin Gucci purse. Of course, it's unclear if the reality star actually worked out in her yoga ensemble or was simply enjoying the California sun in the most comfortable outfit possible — but either way, it totally works.From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Summed up in one emoji: 🤔It's official: the clear plastic everything trend has learned to think for itself and is now plotting the demise of the entire universe. How do I know this? The debut of these Topshop mom jeans that have built-in viewing panels for your knees. Only a monster would create these.You can pay $95 for the pleasure of having "slick plastic panels bare your knees for a futuristic feel."There is a small market of people who appreciate Topshop's innovative new way of showing off the leg's most prominent joint:I'm actually in love ⚡️ “If you love your knees, you'll love Clear Knee Mom Jeans”https://t.co/v1xsaXmWB4Honestly kind of feeling the clear knee Mom jeansClear knee mom jeans. Yes please.https://t.co/w6DYYUn3td pic.twitter.com/qOeubkoNKiThey're making fun of the clear knee mom jeans but like I looked at how thry styled it, it looked fine.People are hating on the clear knee mum jeans but tbh I want a pairBut to the rest of the world, these pants are pretty bonkers. These are actual jeans you can buy at @Nordstrom that cost $95. Called Clear Knee Mom Jeans.We are truly living in the dark time line. pic.twitter.com/vv9flwQeXxThe end is nigh. Nordstrom sells "clear knee mom jeans". What other signs do you need? Grab your Snuggie or Slanket and hunker down! https://t.co/P7yMOYmshaTopshop plspic.twitter.com/7BefLUE8LOClear Knee mom jeans have ruined my morning.wth is this 😂😂😂 ⚡️ “If you love your knees, you'll love Clear Knee Mom Jeans”https://t.co/io58oSvUCfI am so confused...  why???  4 words that should never go together - "clear knee mom jeans" https://t.co/kC2MDHKOMtThem Clear Knee Mom Jeans are a no go 😂If you want a real treat, check out the reviews. You're welcome.Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			JUST TAKE MY MONEY!Just when you thought Zendaya couldn't get any more #relatable, she shows up to the Kids' Choice Awards red carpet in an adorable slip dress mere mortals can *actually* afford. Yep, this silky dream is from her very own clothing brand, Day by Zendaya, and it's only $38. You can shop a black version of the gown here while you wait for Z's burnt orange look, which will be available this spring. A post shared by Zendaya (@zendaya) on Mar 11, 2017 at 8:32pm PSTWell, I know where $38 of my next paycheck is going. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Caitin Stickels, 29, is a Seattle-based model/actress/singer who was born with Schmid-Fraccaro, or Cat Eye Syndrome – a rare chromosomal disorder which can cause facial disfigurements such as a cleft palate and an absence of tissue from the colored part of the eyes which gives them a "cat-like" appearance.  While Stickels may not conform to the fashion industry's "traditional" beauty standards, she's currently featured in an absolutely stunning editorial for V magazine magazine, having been discovered on Instagram and then shot by much-famed photographer Nick Knight.  "Working with Nick Knight at SHOWstudio for V Magazine was something I couldn't have even dreamed of, to be perfectly honest," Stickels wrote in a profile for the magazine. "I never dreamed of being a model or being a part of the fashion industry. I always admired from afar and meanwhile tried to recreate my own expressions through fashion, photography, and art... This collaboration has been the most beautiful whirlwind of my life." "I did expect to see something epic—and they went far and beyond what I could have imagined," Stickels added of the shoot. "I don't want to say that this was MY dream come true, because I think working with Nick Knight is anyone's dream that I never dared to actually have myself... [he] opened eyes, they opened minds, and they gave this world a chance. They both have done the same with me and I'm still processing that it's now my reality, too." See more of the stunning photos at Vmagazine.com.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Spring's cutest kicks are here, and they're bright AF.When she was announced as the new face of Reebok Classic back in January, Teyana Taylor debuted the ultimate '80s throwback campaign – leg warmers, high-cut bodysuit, workout video and all. Now, she's cueing nostalgia for the decade once more with the newest release of Reebok's Classic Freestyle Hi sneakers (aka 54-11s), which celebrate their 35th anniversary this year. The "Color Bomb" pack features two new, neon-bright colorways, "Mineral Mist" and "Pink Craze."The sneakers came out in 1982 at the height of the aerobics craze. Taylor told us back in January that she "had every color." She said, "I had the lime green ones.When I got my first silver bubble coat I wore it with my white 54-11s. My mom kept me laced in every single color. Even when I first got signed, Reebok was sending me sneakers, I had the metallic ones, I had every single flavor. I still do."Get your own for $75 here.From: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			And looked flawless, of course.The reigning queen of literally every single red carpet dazzled the universe tonight in yet another 100% flawless look. At the 2017 Kids' Choice Awards, she rocked a silky little slip dress that looks comfy enough to sleep in.Because Queen Z is forever ~daring~, she wore the burnt orange number with a pair of army green boots. Honestly, who else could successfully rock those colors together? (Answer: no one)Yah girl gave choker connoisseurs something to live for, rocking one rager of a neck party. She wore a massive flowery neck cuff, with a few dainty silver chains.On top of all that fierceness, her hair was in a wild, volumized tangle – basically what I'd imagine a super hero's pony would look like after saving the city from the forces of evil.Related question: has anyone ever seen Zendaya and Superwoman in the same room? Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The slay is real!The slay is real!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You had to have the Princess pack.Once upon a time (oh, ye old days of 2010), you wouldn't dare leave the house without empty wrists. Oh, no. You had to stack bright, colorful, stretchy Silly Bandz on each wrist, then trade the bracelets with your friends at school, and stop by the store on the way home to pick up another pack. These days, you don't think about them until you find an old colorful band somewhere on the floor of your closet. But take a trip down memory lane...I think I lost my silly band and my heart is a little bit broken :(((Hannah Orenstein is the assistant features editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Twitter and Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Apparently your sack lunch is v trendy.No matter how many times Katy Perry asks if I feel like a plastic bag, resembling a wrinkly sack is something I've never really wanted in life. But Pinterest has got me feeling a little different. Pinners have become fully obsessed with a new sack lunch-inspired trend: paper bag pants. The trousers are nowhere near as ugly as their name suggests – actually, they're pretty freaking cute.The weird name comes from the exaggerated cinched waistline, usually emphasized with a matching tie belt. Pinterest searches for paper bag pants have soared by 682 percent in 2017, and celebs like Gigi Hadid and Kourtney Kardashian are living for it.Kendall and Kylie Jenner just released a sweatpants version in their new Kendall + Kylie collection. 2/17/17A post shared by  Kendall + Kylie (@kendallandkylie) on Feb 15, 2017 at 12:05pm PST 2/17/17A post shared by  Kendall + Kylie (@kendallandkylie) on Feb 13, 2017 at 12:02pm PSTSo, if you want to look Pinterest af, you'd better start feeling like a paper bag.Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"Sitting with your legs so far apart!"Stevie Alger, a 19-year-old model, was hired to take photos for the Australian brand Aquadiva Swimwear. When she told the owner of the company, Allison Appleby, on Wednesday that she felt "self-conscious" in a certain photo that Aquadiva planned to blow up into a poster, Allison responded by slut-shaming her for a different photo that Stevie had posted on her personal Instagram. In a series of Instagram DMs, Allison told Stevie that a photo she had modeled in would be "a huge poster on our wall" during an upcoming pop-up shop.Stevie explained, "I just don't really like that photo of myself... I'm just self-conscious but I know I can't really do anything about it."Allison first responded with a compliment ("What! You look gorgeous"), but when she didn't receive a response within 10 minutes, she lashed out. "Well don't even have the decency to reply then," she wrote. "So disappointed Stevie — I personally chose you because you seemed like such a nice girl. This is such a rude and immature way to treat us. You don't seem to be self conscious in your latest post with the way you are portraying your self image — sitting with your legs so far apart! It seems like you are just like a lot of other Insta girls — so fake. From Allison."The message was sent the same day Stevie posted this photo.  Goofing around with @nanajudy_ 😁A post shared by  STEVIE ALGER (@steviealger) on Mar 7, 2017 at 1:09am PST"I feel so sick to the stomach about it," Allison told the Daily Mail Australia. "I have apologized to Stevie twice now but she has not accepted my apology."Allison continued, "I'm completely new to all of this [social media]," telling the Daily Mail that she wasn't familiar with the concept of slut-shaming. "The power of Insta influencers is very terrifying." She has been reportedly received "hate mail" calling her a "cow" and "pig."Stevie told the Daily Mail she only wants to move past the hurtful drama. "I absolutely think what she said and how she has handled herself is wrong in so many ways, but I think it will be best to end it here to hopefully move on," she said. "I'm a huge believer in standing up to bullies and I'm lucky to have [my boyfriend] by my side to help me. I'm very happy that at least we made a point and hopefully she will never treat someone like that again." Relaxin'A post shared by  STEVIE ALGER (@steviealger) on Mar 8, 2017 at 11:56pm PSTHannah Orenstein is the assistant features editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Twitter and Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			PLEASE COME BACK!It's been two months since your favorite mall spot, Wet Seal, announced they were closing shop. Since then, the brand has begun shuttering their storefronts and now, the website too, has come to an end.Instead of their usual stock of lacey tops and neon flip flops, the site is now just a devastating goodbye letter to fans. It reads: "Thanks babe, it's been real... It has been an honor to provide the most driven, passionate and empowered girls the latest in fashion for the past 55 years."Put down your tissues, though, because there might be a silver lining. The note continues, saying: "Your dedication and loyalty has us working on a new and improved Wet Seal. Continue to check us out and in the coming days we'll share what's ahead."The site also notes that this is just a "small (but necessary) break," implying Wet Seal will rise from the ashes once more – possibly as an online-only store. Fans are noticing, too, asking the beloved retailer if they just ripped our hearts out for no reason. No word from Wet Seal yet – their social media accounts have been inactive for three weeks – but, this post will be updated with any news.Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Luxury online retailer Net-A-Porter recently posted a picture on their website covered in Photoshop retouching notes, including a note to "please, slim." According to the Daily Mail, the photo was only up for a few hours before Net-A-Porter realized their mistake and replaced it with the same image with the notes removed (and no retouching apparent). "We post images that accurately represent the garments so that customers receive product they expect," a representative for Net-A-Porter wrote in an email to Cosmopolitan.com. "This image was uploaded to our product page in error and the notes refer exclusively to the garments."		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Brows, bye.Why is it even called Fashion Week? We should really just rename it Kendall Week, because homegirl is owning every 👏 single 👏 runway 👏. Here are all her wildest, craziest, most epic looks. Eyebrows are sooo out – at least according to Kendall Jenner's face. The supermodel totally erased hers for the Miu Miu runway show and also appears to have gone mostly makeup free.This stripey look is what Sally from The Nightmare Before Christmas would wear if she were an it-girl in 2017. BRB, running out to Hot Topic to try to dupe this look.Kenny's sheer La Perla dress is totally stunning, but the accessories really make her look pop. Girl's rocking that bold lip/hair clip combo.At the Alexandre Vauthier show, Kendall lit up the stage like the Fourth of July. Her itty-bitty onesie was decked in sparkles and all the patriotic colors, making her into a human firework. Kendall dazzled like a multifaceted human diamond in a Chanel gown that will probably ruin your life, because from now on no prom dress will be good enough.Rocking all-over navy plaid and a badass bib necklace to match, Kenny J owned the Givenchy show. This look offers a lesson in print layering that we all need to learn: you can never have too much. Ever. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"We're sticking around, so stick with us while we get our [s***] together."With its stores closing and retail operations moving entirely to the web under new ownership, Nasty Gal is in the midst of a major transition — and things have gotten messy. For the past few weeks, angry customers have been blowing up the brand's comments with accusations that Nasty Gal is processing their orders, taking their money and then not sending the goods. Meanwhile, other customers say they've been waiting more than a month for refunds they're owed, are unable to find tracking info for pending shipments, and can't seem to locate details on store credits they once had. Nasty Gal finally took to Instagram this week to apologize for the problems and ask for everyone's patience. We’re still on it, guys. Your stuff will get to you soon–between March 10th and March 24th. We know it’s frustrating and we appreciate your patience during this delay, but we’re working hard to make sure your next orders are faster and easier to track than ever before. If you haven’t heard from us yet, just hang tight, we’re reaching out on an individual basis to help you handle your order 💕A post shared by  Nasty Gal (@nastygal) on Mar 6, 2017 at 11:45am PST 1-900-WE-GOTCHU. We know you guys have been frustrated. We’re sticking around, so stick with us while we get our shit together. We're workin’ hard to get you all taken care of.A post shared by  Nasty Gal (@nastygal) on Mar 1, 2017 at 10:11am PST Don't worry, we hear you. We’re so sorry for any inconvenience you might be experiencing with your orders and we'll be reaching out to each of you to get things sorted. In the meantime, we’ve got you covered with free ground shipping on all orders (no minimums) and rest assured–we’ll get you all taken care of, we’re not goin’ anywhere. ✌️A post shared by  Nasty Gal (@nastygal) on Feb 28, 2017 at 8:07am PSTThe drama seems to have started when the brand was bought by Boohoo, back in February. "We are delighted to have been successful in our bid to acquire Nasty Gal. It represents an exciting opportunity to accelerate our international offering and inspire an ever-growing range of young customers in the US and around the world," CEOs Mahmud Kamani and Carol Kane said in a statement at the time.Boohoo did not immediately respond to Seventeen.com's request for comment on the complaints.Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The new Beauty and the Beast film is bringing the 90s back in more ways than one. On Monday, velour tracksuit queens Juicy Couture announced a limited edition collection inspired by Beauty and the Beast — and it looks just as magical as it does comfortable. The limited edition capsule collection features two super soft jackets embellished with thousands of Swarovski crystals, and the prices are not for the faint of heart. But if you're a diehard Disney fan and happen to be feeling super nostalgic for the more comfortable fashion trends of the late 90s and early 00s, this one's for you.First up is the "Stained Glass Rose" Robertson jacket in midnight navy, featuring a cozy hood and over 5300 Swarovski crystals for $698. And next up is the "Beauty Within" Westwood jacket in "beauty yellow," featuring a stylish cut and a more modest 3300 Swarovski crystals for $598. You can browse and buy the collection right here.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Dresses are out, apparently.Last night's red carpet wasn't your usual parade of sparkly gowns – for the 2017 iHeartRadio Awards, everyone from Katy Perry to Halsey ditched their dresses for badass jumpsuits and matching sets. Check out every gorge look here.Last night's red carpet wasn't your usual parade of sparkly gowns – for the 2017 iHeartRadio Awards, everyone from Katy Perry to Halsey ditched their dresses for badass jumpsuits and matching sets. Check out every gorge look here.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It'll make you want to update yours immediately.When Emma Watson talks fashion, words like "sustainable" and "eco-friendly" come up a lot. And, while this will probably surprise zero people who know much about her, she doesn't just talk the talk. She walks the walk and then some.Watson recently opened up her closet for Coveteur, and told them that she's been paring down her wardrobe as she moves toward only buying and wearing sustainable fashion. The result? An enviably low-key closet."[Becoming conscious about dressing] has been incredibly liberating in a funny way," she explained. "It's narrowed my options so much, I'm so much more creative. I actually really think it's helped me dress better because I have less, but they're things that are perfect."The fact that Watson's wardrobe looks so perfectly Instagrammable isn't really a coincidence. The actress told Coveteur that she's turned to the social media platform more and more recently when shopping because it's a great place to discover sustainable brands. Remember that next time you have to defend your app addiction. "I think so much more carefully about what I buy, and I buy less because I edit so carefully," she said. "I'm tending to shop online a lot more; I use Instagram [to shop] a lot more than I used to, because I find lots of brands through it. I would often find I was going into stores and feel like, 'Oh, I've only got an hour, I need to buy something, this isn't what I came in for but it's here, so I'll purchase it.' I never do that now."Now that's shopping wisdom to live by. 🙌From: Marie Claire US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"Stop using the hijab for 'art'."Once again, Gigi Hadid has found herself dividing opinion — this time, over her recent cover shoot with Vogue Arabia.Gigi took to Instagram to share the cover image and to thank Vogue Arabia for the opportunity, saying that it "means the world" to her as a "half-Palestinian" girl."I think the beautiful thing about there being international Vogues is that, as a fashion community, we are able to celebrate, and share with the world, different cultures," she wrote. But it didn't take long for users on social media to call Gigi out for seemingly "using" her Palestinian heritage and Muslim roots for her own benefit."[S]o Gigi Hadid remembers her Palestinian roots when Vogue Arabia want to feature her but when it comes to political problems she's quiet," one person wrote.People also blasted Gigi for her decision to wear a hijab, suggesting there's a hypocrisy of when and where a hijab is deemed 'acceptable' by society."So Gigi is getting praised for wearing a Hijab bc 'fashion' while women who actually wear Hijab are attacked, shamed, and threatened?" one user wrote, while another added: "Stop using the hijab for 'art.'"So Gigi is getting praised for wearing a Hijab bc "fashion" while women who actually wear Hijab are attacked, shamed, and threatened? pic.twitter.com/c4HLEoZ5nnAlthough Gigi has faced a lot of backlash for the shoot, which was photographed by Inez van Lamsweerde and Vinoodh Matadin, there were some fans out there who came to the model's defense."Y'all are continuously bashing Gigi Hadid for her Vogue shoot. Her father is Muslim, she was born in a Muslim household," one person commented.This isn't the first time Hadid has been singled out for perceived cultural appropriation — she recently came under fire after posting a photo of a henna tattoo on her hands.In a bid to defend herself, she wrote: "Before you go all 'cultural appropriation' in my comments, check out the last name. Hadid. Half Palestinian & proud of it."From: Digital Spy		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Emma Watson took a break from wearing princess dresses on her Beauty and the Beast press tour to slip into a chic jumpsuit for tonight's red carpet. The actress wore a black Oscar de la Renta look straight from the fall 2017 runway this evening in Los Angeles, with the gold rose pin at her hip instead of at the bust. The detail is a high fashion homage to the film's iconic flower. Watson kept with the botanical theme by adding gold leaves to her updo. She tried out a negative-space cat eye for a more experimental beauty look: If the jumpsuit looks familiar ― that neckline! ― it's because we just saw Brie Larson wearing a similar gown version (also Oscar de la Renta) to the Oscars last weekend. Gorgeous.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Twinning! (Times five!)The 2017 Oscars Vanity Fair After-Party was packed with dazzling gowns worthy of a Disney Princess. But when Nina Dobrev showed up this see-through lingerie-inspired number you might have done a double take, because you've definitely seen this dress before. More than once, actually. Basically every stylish celeb is wearing this deconstructed Dior dress right now. We've seen a nippley version on Bella Hadid:An all-black style on Dianna Agron:And this kind-of-different-but-not-really look on Jennifer Lawrence (also by Dior): The same night that Nina wore her all-white look, Vanessa Hudgens rocked a v similar gown by Kristian Aadnevik, basically proving that bustier-on-top-ballerina-on-the-bottom dresses are the new ~thing~. It's a pity these wouldn't pass the dress code at prom...Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			To celebrate the 25th anniversary of the opening of Disneyland Paris, French designer Marie Marquet of MiniMe Paris partnered with the amusement park to create a capsule collection of nine whimsical fashion pieces inspired by the iconic Disney brand. "The world of Disney has been an inspiration for me since I was really small," Marquet told WWD at a launch event this morning at Colette in Paris.  The collection includes headbands, hats, T-shirts, and a sweatshirt and will be available exclusively at Colette during Paris Fashion Week before launching in the shops at Disneyland Paris in mid-March. Each item in the collection was made at Marquet's workshop in Paris and retails for under $212.  From the looks of things, the collection will not be available for sale online. If you're really feeling it though, pieces are sure to pop up on eBay sooner or later. Or you could always take a last-minute trip Paris and buy your Disney merch in person. That might seem extreme, but any reason to go to Paris is a good reason and, let's be real, that lace Mickey and Minnie headband really is the cutest.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"Zara do you know what curves are?"We are so down for fashion brands being more diverse when it comes to sizing and body types. Like Nike's plus size announcement and Ashley Graham being the first ever plus size model to walk the catwalk at Michael Kors. But what we're not here for is brands trying to jump on the "curve" bandwagon without actually doing anything to support the plus size industry.Take Zara's latest "Love Your Curves" campaign, which has gone down like a ton of bricks online. Honestly, it's sunk quicker than Leo after Kate wouldn't move over on that wardrobe door.ZARA DO YOU KNOW WHAT CURVES ARE pic.twitter.com/NjJaPnCNx2@ZARA what curves??? pic.twitter.com/shpFHNE3ODwomen can be beautiful thin or curvy, but all types deserve to be represented. This is not the average, curvy woman.And one wonders why so many women suffer from body image problems... they co-opt the very notion of being curvy. @ZARA what the hell pic.twitter.com/nX4Iy5sdxbThe problem is that rather than using curve/plus size models to support this "campaign", Zara have used the same, slim models they use in every single one of their campaigns.Not to mention the fact that Zara's sizing still only goes up to a size 18. "Curves" come in all different shapes and sizes, but if you want to really promote diversity, you're going to actually have to, you know, be diverse. We want your beautiful clothes too guys. We have reached our to Zara for comment and will update you as soon as we hear back.From: Cosmopolitan UK		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Noooooo.BCBG is closing a ton of stores and restructuring, according to Bloomberg. The plan to reportedly axe some of its 570 independent, worldwide boutique locations (BCBG has 175 stores in the U.S. alone) and focus more on e-commerce and shops within shops was announced on Wednesday. Apparently the brand had "too large a physical retail footprint," Seth Lubove, a spokesman for BCBG at Sitric & Co. told Bloomberg. "In order to remain viable, the brand — like so many others in it's industry — must realign its business to effectively compete in today's shopping environment."In its heyday, the label's sparkly cocktail dresses could be seen on fashion role models, including the popular senior at your school (for prom, duh), Miley Cyrus, and Demi Lovato. Gotta love those high-low hems and fancy fringe, y'all. Though the company is facing financial stress (Bloomberg says it's coping with a "debt burden"), there are no current plans to shutter the label completely, sell to another retailer, or file for bankruptcy.UPDATE: 2/28/2017 1:52 p.m. ETJust one month after announcing the closure of several stores, it looks like BCBG will actually be filing for bankruptcy very soon. According to the Business of Fashion, the company is prepping to file as early as next week. Additionally, the brand will be closing 200 stores. While this could be the end of BCBG as you know it, it doesn't necessarily spell the end of the label. The company could reportedly sell to brand licensing firms or other companies, which would mean you could still see those four letters on your dress tags for years to come.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Emma Watson kicked off what's sure to be an exhausting press tour for Beauty and the Beast on Sunday night in Paris. But rather than make it all about the movie and how fabulous she looks at each event, she's spotlighting sustainable fashion — an issue close to her heart — with a new Instagram account called @the_press_tour.If you've been following Emma at all in the past few years, you've realized she rarely makes a fashion choice that isn't eco-friendly. This is the girl who showed up to the Met Gala wearing an outfit made out of recycled water bottles, after all.Recently, Emma wowed in a cobalt blue, asymmetrical dress by Louis Vuitton that was custom-made out of 100 percent recycled polyester. The off-the-shoulder crop top part is also made from a suede alternative created at a carbon-neutral mill. Even her black leather booties were eco leather. All of this was detailed on the new account. At a second appearance the next day, Emma wore a shirt and trousers from Oscar de la Renta, which were made with organic silk and certified by environmental consulting agency, Eco Age.  Sunday was the first ever public screening of @beautyandthebeast! We were so happy to surprise the audience in Paris and say “bonjour” in person, especially as this is the country where it was created and Belle’s place of birth 🇫🇷🌹 Laura Kim and Fernando Garcia, the new Co-Creative Directors of @oscardelarenta, created this Jacobian flower-embroidered duchesse satin bustier with an organic silk faille sash and organic wool trousers as part of their first collection. The entire look was made in-house at Oscar de la Renta’s NYC atelier ❤ @burberry pumps handmade in Italy with organic silk. Fashion info verified by @ecoage #ecoloves Lipstick is a combination of Osaka Plum Matte and New Orleans Scarlet Matte from @thebodyshop who have used their fairly traded 'Community Trade Brazil Nut Oil' from Peru in this product along with the Lash Hero Mascara which uses 'Community Trade Shea Butter'. Hair using @rahuabeauty who as well as being a natural brand partner with women from Amazonian nations such as Waorani, Achuar, Quichua, Quechua and Shuar to harvest their key ingredients Ungurahua, Sacha Inchi, and Buriti oils. Hair styling using @johnmastersorganicsusa who created their first organic haircare products in 1991 and use bottles made from the most recyclable plastic type and boxes made from 100% recycled paper with 100% soy ink. All brands are cruelty free.  Beauty brands verified by @contentbeautyA post shared by  The Press Tour (@the_press_tour) on Feb 21, 2017 at 11:26am PSTThe new account makes it clear that eco-friendly to Emma means animal-free too. When writing about one #OOTD, Emma praised Stella McCartney as "the world's first luxury brand that is committed to producing products that do not use leather, skins, feathers, or fur."  Bonjour Paris! Coat is from @stellamccartney, the world's first luxury brand that is committed to producing products that do not use leather, skins, feathers or fur. Instead, Stella has spent years developing ways of using materials such as regenerated cashmere, recycled fabrics, organic cotton and forest-friendly fabrics.  Jumper is from @filippa_k, a Swedish brand committed to four Rs: reducing, repairing, reusing and recycling.  Tee by @boodywear, a brand that produces basics made with certified organic bamboo, produced using computerised 3D knitting, so no fabric is wasted. Its factories are zero-waste and have a closed loop system to stop any water being wasted. Bespoke beret by @maisonmichel made with organic cotton. Shoes are @goodguysdontwearleather. The brand doesn’t use any animal products in its collections.  Fashion info verified by @ecoage #ecolovesA post shared by  The Press Tour (@the_press_tour) on Feb 19, 2017 at 7:45am PSTMore of this, please! These individual pieces are awesome, but how great would it be if designers like Louis Vuitton and Oscar de la Renta didn't need an extra nudge from Emma Watson to make sustainable clothing?		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's like a parade of every prom dress you've ever wanted. Prom season is right around the corner and the celebs at the Vanity Fair Oscars After-Party have your back with endless inspo from the red carpet. No matter what your vibe is, trust, you're about to fall in love.Prom season is right around the corner and the celebs at the Vanity Fair Oscars After-Party have your back with endless inspo from the red carpet. No matter what your vibe is, trust, you're about to fall in love.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Omg remember Miley?Unforgettable style moments are a major part of the Academy Awards, whether it's the massive gown that tripped up Jlaw or the controversial commentary on Zendaya's 2015 look. Here are all the most memorable dresses from the red carpets of Oscars past. Unforgettable style moments are a major part of the Academy Awards, whether it's the massive gown that tripped up Jlaw or the controversial commentary on Zendaya's 2015 look. Here are all the most memorable dresses from the red carpets of Oscars past.The Moana star dazzled in this many-layered gold Rubin Singer dress, looking like an IRL Disney Princess.You really can't go wrong in head-to-toe velvet and jumbo ruffles. I'm 99% sure this ruffled gown was hand painted by baby angels in heaven above. It's a freaking fashion miracle. I'm 99% sure that Brie took home an Oscar just because she was wearing this dress. Jlaw rocked her version of the naked dress in this deconstructed lace number. These gorgeous emerald sequins dazzled basically everyone on the red carpet. Z stunned in this pure white gown and her side-swept locs topped off the elegant look. America went all-out ombre for the '15 Oscars in this breezy gown. When at the Oscars, dress like one. These massive red gloves have to go down in the Gaga Hall of Fashion Fame, because why. Just why. This mermaid gown was romantic-meets-fire-af. Glam details, like a built-in choker and a flirty cutout, kept this sweet pink dress from looking boring. This low-cut gown was the 2014 version of Cinderella's dress – and Lupita's 'tiara' is so chic.Wondering if Emma is actually a witch, because this gown was straight up magic. From her pop-y lip and embroidered tummy, all the way down to her high-low hem, Anna was perfection in this gown.Though iconic in itself, this is also the famous dress that made Jlaw fall on her face on the red carpet. All-black sparkle is Adele's go-to look, which makes sense because she kills it every time. The raw lace and tulle combo is so edgy-glam. And TBT to Kstew's long hair! The understated details are what made this dress. Can you spot Shai's super tiny cut-outs?Awwww, Baby Miley! But she kind of looked like a cake?		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			At the Academy Awards this year, the most surprising accessory is a blue ribbon. Worn to build awareness and show support for the American Civil Liberties Union, the ribbon's popping up on stars like Karlie Kloss and Loving nominee Ruth Negga. Asked about the ribbon by People, Negga gushed about the organization, lauding the ACLU for fighting for a "basic love of human rights" — something that, regardless of what films and actors win or lose tonight, is one thing that everyone watching is rooting for. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She looked so gorgeous.Hailee Steinfeld glowed on the Oscars red carpet in a sheer, floral, ruffled gown by Ralph & Russo. (Prom goals, anyone?) Every inch of her look was gorgeous, from the ruffled back to the smoky eye. She even managed to survive a wardrobe malfunction with grace and poise. The organza fabric of her dress ripped slightly above her waist. The hole was tiny — hardly a big deal. It's just a testament to Hailee's unflappable cool that she shook off the incident and kept walking the red carpet with pride. After all, she's at the freaking Oscars. And she looks amazing. Who cares about a tiny hole?!Hannah Orenstein is the assistant features editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Twitter and Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			He magnificently photobombed his wife, Jessica Biel.Justin Timberlake has arrived at the Oscars and he's already hard at work... Lurking hard:He magnificently photobombed his wife, Jessica Biel, who looked like a golden sparkle statue, and didn't seem to mind a bit:Can't stop the feeling?From: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She's pulling a Katy Perry. Tonight, Emma Stone hit the Oscars looking just as 🔥fire🔥 as her gorgeous red hair. Apparently, her dress included a time travel function, because she instantly transported the red carpet back to the 1920s in a stunning fringe flapper dress. Her Givenchy gown is basically the '20s version of the iconic golden Academy Award, covered in shimmering golden beading. She accented the sparkling look with a gorgeous pair of geometric earrings and a bold brick red lip. Her most epic accessory, though, is one you probably missed. On her left shoulder, Emma is rocking a gold Planned Parenthood pin in solidarity with the organization. Slayage for a great cause!Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Your faves are going over the top this year. Your faves are going over the top this year. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Goodbye, dear friend. RIP, see-through pants and sequined onesies – Nasty Gal has officially closed its California stores. The sad news comes nearly four months after the once-mega-popular brand filed for bankruptcy. The L.A. Times reports that Boohoo bought Nasty Gal and will continue to run the brand's online store. Nasty Gal's Melrose store shuttered just this week, along with the Santa Monica location. Nasty Gal is currently liquidating the merch on their website, and everything is 70 percent off. Be warned, though: The brand's Facebook page is being flooded with comments from angry customers who claim the retailer has stopped fulfilling orders. Founder and former CEO Sophia Amoruso, who wrote the bestselling memoir #Girlboss and resigned from the company with last year's bankruptcy filing, has not commented on the sale. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Wow.Narrowly escaping the same fate as Naomi Campbell walking Vivienne Westwood long ago, Gigi Hadid managed to avoid tripping on the long hem of her carpet-inspired (really) gown on the Moschino runway. As she strode down the taped-up cardboard runway—Jeremy Scott's theme for the season was haute detritus, with the standout look being a dry-cleaning-bag dress in which the wearer acts as the hanger—the dramatic lip-sync-er caught her heel in the tapestry's fringe. A stumble, but she managed to extricate herself and continue on her merry way. And she nailed the shot, though you know she would've handled a fall as well as these six troopers. Brava, Gigi.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Marie Claire US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Her princess powers know no bounds.Emma Watson just stepped out at the London premiere of Beauty and the Beast in a gorgeous, Cinderella-worthy, light blue gown by Emilia Wickstead. It is eco-friendly, made out of sustainable fabrics:The train is insane...and needed to be carried in, of course.Once upon a time, Watson was offered the role of Cinderella for Disney's live action film. She didn't take it (Lily James ended up starring in the film) because she didn't see the character as enough of a role model. "I didn't know they were going to make Beauty And The Beast at the time I turned down Cinderella," Watson told Total Filmmagazine last month. "But when they offered me Belle, I just felt the character resonated with me so much more than Cinderella did. She remains curious, compassionate and open-minded. And that's the kind of woman I would want to embody as a role model, given the choice." But if anyone was wondering what Watson would look like in Cinderella mode, she does not disappoint.The film hits theaters March 17.From: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			They're even made by a real Disney princess. So meta.If you love Disney princesses and also wear chokers, boy, are you in for a treat. Courtney Reed, who is basically a princess herself, since she plays Jasmine in Broadway's Aladdin, is now designing chokers inspired by each of the Disney princesses — and you can already buy them. The line, aptly titled "The Princess Collection," includes 15 different necklaces, which range in price from $20 to $40. Each piece is named with a subtle nod to the princess it represents. For example, Elsa's is called "Ice Queen," and Mulan's is named "Dynasty."This isn't Reed's first time at the choker rodeo though. She also designed a line that represents her favorite characters from musicals (think: Hamilton and Les Misèrables). "I try and make chokers literally any time I have down time," she told People. "I even make them when I have friends over. I made seven [a day] when I first started. I'm much faster now."As for her princess inspiration, that was a long time coming. "I'm obsessed with princesses," she explained. "I mean, who's not? With the success of the Broadway Collection, we thought, 'Oh my gosh! What if we did a Princess Collection with our favorite Broadway divas modeling them?' It has been such a blast." See (and shop!) the all 15 princess chokers below! Dynasty, GAGGED CHOKERS, $40 Mermaid, GAGGED CHOKERS, $40 Snow, GAGGED CHOKERS, $40 Briar Rose, GAGGED CHOKERS, $20 Muse, GAGGED CHOKERS, $20 Ice Queen, GAGGED CHOKERS, $40 Arendelle, GAGGED CHOKERS, $40 NOLA, GAGGED CHOKERS, $40 Blondie, GAGGED CHOKERS, $20 Willow, GAGGED CHOKERS, $40 Beauty, GAGGED CHOKERS, $20 Wayfinder, GAGGED CHOKERS, $20 Jas, GAGGED CHOKERS, $40 Midnight, GAGGED CHOKERS, $40 Glass Slipper, GAGGED CHOKERS, $40Dibs on "Beauty."From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Your shades can basically tell the future. Just like your mani, your go-to sunnies say a lot about your personality. The trend you choose for vacay might actually tell what you should do on your trip. So choose your favorite frames and let them plan your spring break for you. Clockwise: La Crème Color Drenched Lip Cream in "Unicorn Tears", $22, Too Faced Go bold or go home – your mantra for basically everything. You live for stand-out metallics because they glitter like the unicorn that lives in your soul. For your week off of school, EDM concerts will be your second home and you'll probz meet a cutie there – everyone loves your ~sparkly~ personality.Clockwise: Tortoise Heavy Brow Cat Eye Sunglasses, $30, Express; Smocked Off-The-Shoulder Swim Top, $30; Hollister  Strappy Side Cheeky Swim Bottom, $17, Hollister School's out – at least for the week – so you'll be soaking up the sun poolside in a high-rise bikini straight out of Taylor Swift's closet. You rock those old-school glam vibes from head to toe and all the potential baes take notice. Spend your vacay tasting yummy treats and diving into your favorite book on the beach – and 'gramming while you do it. Clockwise: Quay Delilah Sunglasses Purple, $20, Love Culture; ASOS Scuba Peplum Swimsuit, $27, ASOS; Melted Liquified Long Wear Lipstick in "Jelly Donut", $21, Too Faced An outfit is incomplete without a pop of color as bright as you are. When you get a break from school, you like to treat yo self – whether it's a majorly girly outfit from Forever or a rhinestone-studded mani. Anyone who's not hanging with you over break will have serious FOMO, because your Snap story will be stellar. Clockwise: Liquid Suede Cream Lipstick in "Bow N Arrow", $20, Kat Von DBeauty; Star Cutout Round Sunglasses, $8, Forever 21; Lace-Trim Triangle Swim Top, $35, Hollister; Lace Side Cheeky Swim Bottom, $25, Hollister You're basically the human version of the black heart emoji – from your shades down to your all-black shoes. When you get dressed, you put a sassy twist on a classic look and your spring break will be just as unique. Whether you road trip with your besties or host an epic stay-cation, it's going to be lit for sure. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Superhero goalsBella Hadid is currently dominating at the major fashion weeks around the world; walking in New York, partying in London and now, doing her best Zorro impression in Milan.It's a hard life being a model.The star took to the Milan Fashion Week catwalk for Alberta Ferretti, wearing a black velvet hooded cape of actual superhero dreams.Unlike Zorro, however, Bella wore her caped gown of mystery over the top of a completely sheer dress. TBF Antonio Banderas probably would have distracted way more bad guys if he'd followed Bella's lead. Oh the power of hind sight.While the cape, sheer dress and gold eye mask combo isn't something we see ourselves rocking to work wearing any time soon, you can't deny that Bella totally SLAYS in this look. And if you're brave enough, it'd make a fab Halloween costume.Because Gigi wasn't about to let her sister have all the superhero fun on the catwalk, she also rocked a cape number with plenty of sass.While hers wasn't quite Zorro-worthy, the supermodel did remind us of a walking work-of-art in this printed get-up.Both models finished the show in slightly more casual numbers, wearing day-of-week jumpers we now immediately need in our lives.From: Cosmopolitan UK		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Scientific AF.Sure, Oscar winners are selected long before the nominated actresses ever set foot on the red carpet, but, for the sake of this post, let's pretend that what an actress wears has some sort of psycho-spiritual influence on the final outcome. In that case, it would benefit the actress, when choosing her outfit for the big night, to channel as many winning Oscar looks as possible in order to increase her chances, right? Sure! Why not?But what makes a winning Oscar dress? What ties them all together, besides the fact that they were worn by the winners? What necklines, silhouettes, and colors have been worn most often by actresses when accepting their awards? Cosmopolitan.com looked back over the last 30 years of Oscars fashions to find out. Of all the colors an actress could wear to accept her Oscar, black is by far the most popular. In the past 30 years, 32 percent of the winners for Best Actress and Best Supporting Actress have chosen it over all the rest. White came in second with 25 percent, with every other color falling far, far behind.  With 60 percent of winning dresses being sheaths, this sleek, body-skimming style has been worn more than every other silhouette combined.  At 34 percent, V-necks are nearly twice as popular as the next most often-worn neckline, round.  When it comes to choosing a winning Oscars dress, it's all about showing off those arms. That, or covering them up completely. While sleeveless dresses took the top spot here with 34 percent, long-sleeve dresses came in at a close second with 27 percent.  Flat, matte fabrics lost out to shiny or sparkly fabrics, which tied for the top spot here with 37 percent each.  As sexy and trendy as sheer dresses have been in recent years, it's the dresses you can't see through that are most often worn by Oscar winners — 82 percent to 18 percent.  To train, or not to train? That is the question. And the answer? Train. But not by much.  Belts are a great way to accentuate your waist and add a little flare to your outfit, but at the Oscars, winners have chosen unbelted styles over belted ones 85 percent of the time.  Embellished or not, it makes no difference. So, actresses, go with your hearts on this one.  Some winners have chosen to jazz up their Oscar looks with wraps or jackets, but more often than not — 85 percent of the time, to be exact — they let their dresses stand alone.  Taken all together, the above data would seem to indicate that the winningest Oscar dress, the one with the most good mojo due to its shared characteristics with past winners is a shiny/sparkly opaque black sheath dress with a train, worn without a belt or a wrap, and with or without embellishments, according to taste. In other words, this dress from the Armani Privé spring 2015 couture collection:  Now, it is important to note that most actresses begin working with a designer on a custom dress for the Academy Awards months before the actual show, so drastic design changes to bring their looks more in line with all this super ~scientific~ data are probably impossible at this late stage. But, if any of the nominees do happen to show up in the above dress, or something similar, you better believe they came to win and mark up your Oscar score card accordingly. If you don't, you'll only have yourself to blame when you don't win the office Oscar pool. Because this is science. Totes science. From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Rompers and bodysuits, oh my!As we head into more temperate territory (with far less slushy snow), Kendall and Kylie have you covered with all the essentials to help you make the most of the warmer weather. Their latest collection for PacSun releases this Thursday online and in stores, and it's basically anything you could want to own for picnics and spring strolls, from breezy off-the-shoulder tops to floral rompers. Preview some of their best and spring-iest styles, ahead. $35; pacsun.com$35; pacsun.com$27; pacsun.com$27; pacsun.com$33; pacsun.com$33; pacsun.com$40;  pacsun.com$40; pacsun.com$27; pacsun.com$27; pacsun.comFrom: Marie Claire US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Dreamy actress and activist Emma Watson turned up at the Beauty and the Beast photo call in Paris on Monday, and her look was a definite departure from Belle. It kinda looks like a wrap dress was attacked by a giant black rubber band, which means it's probably super expensive. (And since it's custom Louis Vuitton; you know that's true.)  And check out the back — ka pow! The bottom belt looks exactly like my mom's fanny pack and I am digging it.  Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			This is so good.Celebrity fashion lines aren't typically my thing. Aside from the fact that the celebrity whose name is on the label probably wouldn't wear the clothes themselves, there's also something a little sad about telling someone, "This is from Sofia Vergara's Kmart collection!" (No disrespect to Sofia/Kmart, of course). Which is why when I heard Kendall and Kylie Jenner were coming out with another new collection, I didn't even bat an eye. But I did take a peek at the collection's lookbook (because the power of Kris Jenner) and I didn't like what I saw. I loved it. More importantly, I wanted to wear it. They got me. Kendall and Kylie's new line, dubbed "DropOne," is the latest to come from the Jenner sisters' budding fashion empire, but unlike some of their past collections, it feels more authentic. In addition to the Kendall + Kylie line, DropOne is a limited-edition capsule collection that will be produced seasonally, with the first edition making its debut today. First, let's talk about the sweatpants and their dreamy waistbands. Offered in a striking yellow or classic gray, the high-waisted drawstring style is a fashion girl's lazy-day dream:There are also coordinating jackets with metallic hoods sure to make a street style star very happy:And bomber jackets with fur sleeves that I could absolutely see Kylie wearing but also myself wearing to the grocery store:The denim is also very good and features a safety pin clasp in lieu of a button (which is great news for your food baby):There are some trendier options too, like a corset top and bodysuit which, again, I could see both Kendall and Kylie wearing in real life and myself wearing to the grocery store:And, of course, some Yeezy-inspired clear boots which feel more wearable with the silver detailing and toe.The bad news, however, is that the DropOne line will be extremely limited, with no more than 100 pieces of each style being produced exclusively at kendall-kylie.com. Does this mean I have to monitor the site all day and fight cool Instagrammers to get my hands on this collection? I'm willing to. The power of the Kardashian/Jenners strikes again.From: Harper's BAZAAR US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			::takes a step outside:: ::immediately goes back in::To set the mood for both winter and this educational story on giving your precious loafers a fighting chance at lasting the season, here is a photographic epigraph, otherwise known as a meme. Mood. Same. Me. Now that we've established a tone of agony but also of compulsory adventure, we segue into another concept: shoe care. Here, the top five things you must remember for protecting your fawn-colored pumps from ruin. 1 Great, Another Thing to BrushDo be quiet, because if you're like us, you haven't brushed anything but your brows since 2014. For anything with visible fibers, choose soft bristles and softer strokes for cleaning dirt and stains. A wire brush works on shorter suede, though you'll want to be careful not to leave Wolverine marks. And always brush in the direction of the grain of the fabric. 2 True GritDried-on residue can be treated a bit more aggressively with a block, emory board, or even the least scratchy sandpaper Home Depot has to offer. But go at it carefully, not as if you're a lumberjack trying to fell a redwood. 3 Re: Water, Think Wicked WitchAs in, nah. It can affect the color and texture adversely, which anyone who's been caught in the rain in a pair of nubuck slippers can attest to. 4 Get Thee to the KitchenClarks suggests combining two parts water and one part white vinegar and gently wiping shoes with the solution for another DIY cleaning method. Allow to fully dry in the open air before storing or wearing again.5 Seal Yourself Before You Wreck YourselfAs with most things, prevention is key, so the best way to save yourself from having to perform the above repeatedly is buying some sealant and spraying your shoes every few months to repel dirt. But still consider taking them to a professional, at least for a final cleaning before you put them away until next year—because spend some money now, have plush, velvety shoes ready to wear later. From: Marie Claire US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I admittedly am not the most well-versed in body piercings, but when I first came across the term "daith piercing," I had no idea what it was. Am I the only one who doesn't know what a daith is? I wondered. I decided to poll some friends and coworkers to see if they knew. I received a few bizarre answers like "a type of cake" or "a villain," and I also got a few answers that were a bit warmer like "a piercing on that top part of your ear."But out of everyone I asked, only one person knew exactly what a daith piercing was and that's because she wants to get one. In short, it's a piercing on the part of your ear above the tragus called the crus helix. After finding out what it is and looking through photos of daith piercings, I now want to get mine pierced too. Brian Keith Thompson from Body Electric Tattoo told Refinery29 this specific piercing style is blowing up in L.A. right now, which is easy to see because it looks cool. Thompson also says it's easier to heal than other piercings since it's tucked in the ear. Don't know about you, but I'm sold. Check out the below photos if you still need some convincing.  Daith by BKT #BrianKeithThompson #BodyElectricTattooA post shared by  Brian Keith Thompson (@bodyelectrictattoo) on Oct 8, 2016 at 10:20pm PDT Daith by BKT. #BodyElectricTattoo #BrianKeithThompson #bvlaA post shared by  Brian Keith Thompson (@bodyelectrictattoo) on Oct 23, 2016 at 3:45pm PDT Daith by BKT.  #BodyElectricTattoo #BrianKeithThompsonA post shared by  Brian Keith Thompson (@bodyelectrictattoo) on Sep 11, 2016 at 11:49am PDT By BKT. #BodyElectricTattoo #BrianKeithThompsonA post shared by  Brian Keith Thompson (@bodyelectrictattoo) on Feb 14, 2017 at 11:13am PST		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"Beauty is not a number. It has no limits."Sports Illustrated is full-force jumping on the body positive bandwagon. After including plus-size models Ashley Graham and Robyn Lawley last year, the mag has named its newest, curviest rookie ever, Hunter McGrady.For the shoot, Hunter wore nothing but a couple layers of paint. She sprawls on the sand in a tie-die monokini that was literally painted on her oiled-up figure.  "This is a surreal moment for me," Hunter captioned one of the images on Instagram on Wednesday. "You guys I have been bursting to tell you all about this! I want to thank … everyone at @si_swimsuit for promoting that beauty comes in all shapes and sizes. Beauty is not a number. It has no limits. I have never felt sexier than I did in this shoot." Hunter then went on to say that this is not only a win for her as a model and professional, but it's a signal to any lady who has ever felt insecure about themselves. "Women, for anyone who has ever felt uncomfortable or insecure because of rolls, or stretch marks, or cellulite, or acne, or felt like you didn't measure up because you weren't represented in the magazines — THIS IS FOR YOU!," she wrote. "You are beautiful. You are STRONG. You are powerful and together we need to lift each other up and inspire one another. there's too much going on [in] this world to let each other fall by the [way]side. … We did it ! 😜 #breakingboundaries." Aside from Hunter, Sports Illustrated included three other curvy models among the pages of the new Swimsuit issue, on stands now: Ashley Graham, Robyn Lawley, and another newcomer, Myla Dalbesio.From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The truth about those empty seats next to her.A lot of people were feeling sorry for Tiffany Trump after they heard that fashion editors were all, "You can't sit with us," during New York Fashion Week, which ended yesterday. The story of how there were empty seats near President Donald Trump's youngest daughter at the Philipp Plein show even made Whoopi Goldberg speak out in sympathy, scolding fashion editors for being mean girls and swearing she'd sit next to Tiffany, given the opportunity. But everyone can calm down now, because that's not the whole story.Wall Street Journal reporter Christina Binkley was first to tweet about empty seats near Tiffany, after two editors felt uncomfortable sitting next to her and left. But according to Binkley, Tiffany was alone for all of one minute before someone else sat down. Empty seats next to Tiffany Trump. pic.twitter.com/axvYJAFupl"Several more people came and sat down; one of them was a famous creative director," Binkley told Refinery29. "As I was chatting with them, a Philipp Plein executive came over and asked those guys to move because Philipp's sister and girlfriend wanted to sit there — it turned out those ended up being highly covetable seats!""It was absolutely a case of musical chairs," she clarified. "That photograph I tweeted lives on in history now, creating this urban legend that she was sitting there lonely, with empty seats beside her."But that's probably not the full story either. Tiffany was certainly more welcome at Fashion Week than most would have predicted (apart from Plein's show, she also sat front row at Vivienne Tam, Dennis Basso, and Taoray Wang), but no designer wants their front row to look barren. Fashion shows are typically overbooked, and more crowds wait in standby lines hoping to gain entry last-minute — and everyone inside always jockeys for good seats. The reality was probably somewhere in between the sad, lonely portrait of Tiffany Trump and the receiving line of people apparently waiting in the wings to sit by her side.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's basically doubling your wardrobe — for free. You don't have to pack away your fave pieces each season. The most stylish bloggers and Instagram stars don't actually have unlimited wardrobes — they just know the secret of season-less dressing. Remixing the same pieces in chic new ways not only allows you to make the most out of everything in your closet, but it basically doubles your wardrobe for free, too! Here's how to make your fave closet staples work year-round, so you can wear them all fall and then make them look totally fresh for spring. Wear It All Fall: You don't have to pack away all your short-sleeved dresses as soon as it starts to snow. With a turtleneck underneath, tights and boots, you're ready for chilly temps. Make It Look New For Spring: No one will know it's the same dress you've been wearing all winter when you style it in a totally new way. Ditch the tights for bare legs and sandals, and throw on a major necklace to make it fresh for spring. Dress, Topshop.com; Tights, Hue.com; Belt, Amiclubwear.com; Turtleneck, Asos.com; Boots, Shoedazzle.com; Hat, Southmoonunder.com; Z & L Necklace, Whiteplum.com; Sandals, Bcbgeneration.comWear It All Fall: Lace-up booties are the perfect shoes to get you through the cold and slush. They look cozy with tights or scrunched socks, a comfy denim jacket, and a beanie. Make Them Look New For Spring: Ditch the jacket and wool socks or tights. With bare legs and short sleeves, boots are totally wearable into the warmer months. Pink lipstick just ups the spring-y vibe. Jacket: Dex Jeans, Nordstrom.com; Top, Topshop.com; Boots, Aldoshoes.com; Socks, Hue.com; Skirt, Amiclubwear.com; Gloves, Sprattersandjayne.com; Hat, Bcbgeneration.com; Tommy Hilfiger Collection Backpack, Tommy.comWear It All Fall: Rock your fave cargo jacket layered over a warm sweater — the extra layers will keep you warm and are easy to shed if the heat's blasting in class. Ankle boots with socks peeking out and a shearling bag give it a seasonal feel.Make It Look New For Spring: Trade your sweater for a striped tee, and ditch the socks for cute open-toe booties. Throw in some cool accessories to punch up the look. Skirt, Boohoo.com; Jacket, T-Shirt, Mango.com; Tommy Hilfiger Collection Sweater, Tommy.com; & Other Stories Boots, Belt, Bag, Stories.com; Socks, Hue.com; Hat, Bcbgeneration.com; Necklace, Forever21.com; Shoes, Chineselaundry.comWear It All Fall: With a warm sweater layered over a button-down shirt and loafers, you can totally pull off the cropped style — even in a bright color.Make It Look New For Spring: Skip the sweater and knot your shirt once the weather gets warm. Bright sunnies and metallic sandals give them a totally fresh look for spring. Sweater, Pants, Sunglasses, Zara.com; Shoes, Forever21.com; Shirt, Americanapparel.net; Dirty Laundry Sandals, Zappos.com; Necklaces, Rjgraziano.comWear It All Fall: There's no reason to retire your fave crop top just because it's cold. With high-waisted jeans, only a sliver of your stomach will show. A warm jacket and boots will help keep you from freezing. Make It Look New For Spring: When warm weather hits, opt for a denim mini and cute slip-on sneakers. Knot a plaid shirt around your waist to toss on for cooler spring afternoons. A flower crown instantly makes anything look more spring-y. Jeans, Madewell.com; Jacket, Topshop.com; Gloves, Carolinaamato.com; Bag, Colehaan.com; Louise et Cie Boots, Vincecamuto.com; Crop Top, Americanapparel.net; Neck Scarf, Freepeople.com; American Eagle Flannel Button-Down Shirt, Ae.com; Shoes, Gap.com; Necklace, Whiteplum.com; Layered Necklace, Ruegembon.com; Watch, Marcjacobs.com; Bracelet, Fossil.com; Skirt, Pixiemarket.com; Hair Crown, Flowerchildrenonly.comWhere It All Fall: A suede skirt is a fall staple. Pair it with tights, boots, and a moto jacket to stay warm as the temps drop. Make It Look New For Spring: Trade the heavy layers for a breezy off-the-shoulder shirt and lace-up ballet flats. A pop of pastel bag adds an unexpectedly spring-y touch.Skirt, Mango.com; Tommy Hilfiger Collection Shoes, Tommy.com; Falke Tights, Shopbop.com; Hat, Eugeniakim.com; Top, Amiclubwear.com; Pendant Necklace, Ruegembon.com; Layered Necklace, Bleeinara.com; Stone Necklace, Edison; Jacket, Rebeccaminkoff.com; Socks, Hue.com; Bag, Katespade.com; Hat, Bcbgeneration.comWear It All Fall: You can totally rock shorts year-round. Just treat them like a skirt, and wear tights underneath. A turtleneck layered under a plaid shirt and suede booties make the summer staple totally appropriate for fall. Make It Look New For Spring: A plaid shirt is perf for transitioning cutoffs into warmer weather. Knotted in front and teamed with bare legs and cool sneakers, the look is totally fresh for spring.Turtleneck, Zara.com; Shirt, Topshop.com; Hat, Eugeniakim.com; Gloves, Sprattersandjayne.com; Boots, Chineselaundry.com; Tights, Hue.com; Belt, Shoes, Gap.com; Shorts, Buckle.com; Necklace, Ruegembon.com; Bracelets, Rjgraziano.comWear It All Fall: A turtleneck sweater dress is the perfect cozy backdrop for a long vest. Knee-high boots and cozy socks are both warm and adorable for chilly fall days.Make It Look New For Spring: Lighten up your layers come spring. Rock a tank and mini-skirt under your vest. Add metallic sandals and loads of bangles to punch up the look.Vest, Topshop.com; Dress, Madewell.com; Necklace, Charmedcircle.com; Tommy Hilfiger Collection Boots, Tommy.com; Socks, Hue.com; Sandals, Chineselaundry.com; Azure Skies Tank, Aritzia.com; Skirt, Forever21.com; Jewelry, Rjgraziano.com; Clutch, Aldoshoes.comWear It All Fall: You know a floral dress is perfect for spring, but it can totally look amazing in the fall, too. Toss a sweater over the dress (belt bulkier knits for a flattering fit) and throw on some knee socks and leather boots. Make It Look New For Spring: A denim vest is a cute, spring-friendly alternative to a cardigan or jacket, and adds cool edge to a girly print. Ditch the knee socks but keep the boots for early spring days when it can still get pretty chilly; just swap in sandals when it really starts to heat up.Dress, Mollybracken.com; Bag, Lanystyle.com; Necklace, Ruegembon.com; Boots, Colehaan.com; Belt, Gap.com; Sweater, Mango.com; Headwarmer, Sprattersandjayne.com; Socks, Hue.com; American Eagle Outfitters Vest, Ae.comWear It All Fall: You might think of a denim skirt as a summer staple, but it's actually just as perf for fall.Under a big blanket coat and paired with a turtleneck, knee socks and booties, it'll take you right into winter. Make It Look New For Spring: Platform sandals and bold accessories like a bright bag and scarf, pumps up a denim mini for spring.Boots, Sam & Libby; Socks, Hue.com; Skirt, Axisdenim.com; Shirt, Little-mistress.com; Hat, Bcbgeneration.com; Turtleneck, Hm.com; Plenty by Tracy Reese Coat, Tracyreese.com; Gloves, Carolinaamato.com; Scarf, Topshop.com; Shoes, Zara.comStylist: Erin McSherry, Assistant Stylist: Elizabeth Fonseca, Makeup: Joseph Carrillo, Hair: Brittan White		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Kendall Jenner—the top model who once banned Kim Kardashian from attending the fashion week shows she's in—now walks shows with her fam in the front row. But she cannot look at them ever, she explained to Jimmy Fallon last night. "I've told myself since my first show, like I never look at the audience ever, no, no one. If I do it'll mess me up," she said.The Kardashian-Jenners do try to throw her off, she added. "Kylie, sometimes, if she's at a show, her and my mom, usually, they like, I can hear them screaming." Kylie Snapchatted proof in September 2016:Kendall's willpower is strong, but there are limits. "Sometimes I'll smirk a little bit because I can't like hold it in, but I never look. I like, could never look at them."Kendall also took some time to talk about her other burgeoning career in fashion: editorial photographer. She even staged a photo shoot with Fallon, where she got him to stand on his table and pose:From: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			In a powerful talk, she exposes the pervasive racism models of color endure.In the summer of 2016, Ebonee Davis's face was all over New York City. She was starring in a Calvin Klein campaign, and there she was in her Calvins, for millions of people to see as they passed through subway stations or walked down the sidewalk.The 23-year-old model was defying expectations by achieving this level of success. As she describes in a new TED Talk posted yesterday, Davis moved from Seattle to New York as a teenager to pursue her dream of modeling, but when she got to the city, she faced an openly racist industry that did not find her desirable."I figured that once I got a contract, the industry would open up for me," Davis says. "But at every turn, I was met with resistance. I had white agents with no knowledge of black hair care run their fingers through my hair and tell me things like, 'We already have a girl with your look.' Translation: All black girls look the same."She was told by her agency, "We just don't know what to do with you." She was asked humiliating questions about her place of origin or told that there were strict limits to the number of black models any given agency could represent. She would be given ill-suited makeup and injured by stylists who did not know how to work with her texture. When she started wearing her hair natural last year, she was met with confusion and discouragement. There were other demeaning moments. Davis was warned not to book jobs with magazines like Essence or Ebony. "If I got labeled an 'urban model,' fashion would close its doors to me," she says. "Although I am black, to be labeled black is to be stripped of value and pigeonholed into a world of subsidiary work." She describes how she was silenced when she spoke up and how that made her feel robbed of her identity.A transformative event for Davis in her personal and professional life was the death of Alton Sterling, a black man who was shot by police on July 5, 2016. That same day, her Calvin Klein campaign had launched. She was moved to write an open letter to the fashion industry demanding that it actively work to remove systemic racism inherent in the business. "Let's start with inclusion," she says in her speech. "Inclusion doesn't just mean one token black model. I don't want to be hired so I can fill an HR box. I want to be hired for my unique contribution to the industry. Instead of forcing my beauty into your pre-existing box and asking me to change, expand your definition of beauty to be inclusive."Watch her powerful TED Talk below.From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She duped a Kylie look for the Yeezy season 5 fashion show.Like every big sis since the dawn of time, Kim Kardashian is quick to call out her sisters for being annoying. So back in January, when Khloé and Kourtney Kardashian showed up to a family meeting in matching outfits of all-over burgundy, Kim wasted no time in throwing shade. Kylie saw Kim's snarky Snapchat and couldn't resist upping the ante.Yup, she showed up in head-to-toe burgundy, too, which only made Kim crankier.Flash forward to last night, though, when Kim's hubby Kanye West debuted his fifth-season Yeezy collection at New York Fashion Week. Apparently, Kim's burgundy sass had been covering up some serious FOMO, because she took the front row sporting wine-red separates of her own. Sure enough, "I decided to wear all burgundy because I felt really left out that one time," Kim admitted on Kylie's Snapchat.At least she didn't steal the actual outfit from Kylie's closet, like most sisters would have done. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Halima Aden has fans already.Last night, Kanye West debuted his highly-anticipated fifth Yeezy collection at NYFW. The rapper-turned-designer went with tradition, casting fairly unknown models for the presentation, but a few individuals stood out on the runway. One of them was 19-year-old Halima Aden, who made her runway debut and caught attention — and praise — for wearing a hijab on the catwalk. People who viewed the collection through livestreams and social media celebrated the Somali-American model's appearance. Some also applauded West for including her in the casting.Somali-American model, Halima Aden, walked for Yeezy Season 5 in her hijab. 🖤 pic.twitter.com/HRDgfjq4yICongratulations Halima Aden, you did it girl. Thanks Kanye. #NYFW #YeezySeason5I'm so shook😍🙌, they had a model in a hijab at the yeezy season 5 fashion show. Kanye west true visionary and artist #YeezySeason5Finally it's here I couldn't be more happy for her inshallah many more to come #HalimaAden #Yeezyseason5 #Hijabi #Somali #Family  🎉🎉🎉 pic.twitter.com/LUJlncXOhzIt's starting guys Halima Aden for Yeezy season 5 @kanyewest couldn't be more proud 🎉🎉🎉🎉Model wears a headscarf at the #yeezy show 💖 #diversity xoxo pic.twitter.com/3M40u3yOPXshoutout to Halima Aden walking in this though, major statements #YeezySeason5Aden, who was born in a Kenyan refugee camp, was previously under the spotlight in November as a contestant for Miss Minnesota USA (she proudly wore a burkini during the swimsuit segment). Keep your eyes peeled for the model to make more appearances in the near future, now that she's signed with IMG Models. Her first major magazine appearance is in the March issue of CR Fashion Book. Check out a sneak peek below. From: Harper's BAZAAR US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			And just like that, Yeezy Season 5 has come and gone. On Wednesday, Kanye West rolled out yet another collection in a show presented by Adidas during New York Fashion Week. The show was peanuts compared to September's Season 4 spectacle/disaster and the grand event that happened one year ago when Kanye delivered Season 3 at Madison Square Garden. (Recall, Kanye also played The Life of Pablo in its entirety, and then played it again, and then played some other tunes because sometimes it's fun to be a DJ for an afternoon). Here, some observations from those who were lucky enough to squeeze into a dark room and breathe the same air as Kim Kardashian, Anna Wintour, and Kanye West (maybe).1. The Yeezy Season 5 invitation included a sweatshirt. If you've ever been to a Yeezy show (or read about it), this should not be news to you. For Season 5, Kanye included a "Lost Hills" army green sweatshirt and lookbook. 2. All credentialed press was shown the door just before the start of the show. As E! discovered in tweets from some attendees, photos and videos taken for social media were also banned. Yeezy Season 5 has some of the tightest security I've seen. They just kicked out all the credentialed press for no reason.But it looks like the ban did not stick — refer to the rest of this post and Kim Kardashian's Snapchat entire story. 3. The show started 25 minutes late, which is sort of good in Yeezy history. The new, reformed Yeezy: only 25 minutes late, and without a bow. #NYFW4. A hijab-wearing model from Minnesota made her catwalk debut in the show. Nineteen-year-old Halima Aden, who was born in Kenya and recently signed with IMG Models, previously made headlines in November when she competed in her state's Miss USA competition while wearing a hijab. For Yeezy Season 5, Halima looked incredible: Halima Aden's debut today at NYFW #yeezyseason5 🇸🇴✨ pic.twitter.com/bEwrbHCHwT5. A new Adidas x Yeezy runner was spotted in the collection. It appears to be available in two colorways. 5. Models were projected on a giant four-sided screen before walking the runway IRL. Inside the #yeezyseason5 show by @kanyewest for #Adidas models projected onto huge four-sided screen then walked pic.twitter.com/dcUID7eESA6. For part of the show, Kanye played a cover of a J. Holiday classic. The Dream provided the cover of "Bed," which turns 10 this year.7. Seasoned Yeezy model Amina Blue walked in the show, as did Luka Sabbat. Yeezy Season FiveCat Walk Look 2Ft. Luka Sabbat, Playboi Carti, Amina Blue pic.twitter.com/HHJ7G3gBvf8. Kim arrived in head-to-toe burgundy and sat with Anna Wintour, who has attended every Yeezy show to date. Anna Wintour & Kim Kardashian at the Yeezy Season 5 show https://t.co/ThKxg5PPYB pic.twitter.com/o2IDV9hlqc#YeezySeason5  Front Row pic.twitter.com/SBqXuGhV0r9. Kylie and Tyga were there — but they showed up late, so Kanye started the show without them. Despite their only being five minutes late, Kanye didn't want to wait — so the couple missed the first few looks. February 15: Kylie and Kim backstage at Yeezy Season 5 Fashion Show. @kyliejenner #kyliejenner pic.twitter.com/ZVkkp7oohR10. For the beginning of the show, guests sat in total darkness once inside. Some guests reportedly were also complaining that it was very hot inside the building, a flashback to Kanye's last NYFW show. pic.twitter.com/z3iFJWoNu711. Kanye was a no-show for the final bow with all the models. Too bad.12. But he did pose for photos backstage with Kim and friends, including longtime collaborator Virgil Abloh. Bonus: This is my new exercise/lounging outfit. My birthday's not until December, but I hear surprises are nice. YEEZY SZN 5 pic.twitter.com/AmKvuTScjo		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The model got emotional walking for Prabal Gurung and Oscar de la Renta.Bella Hadid is having a winning season—she's starred in nearly every other ad campaign and walked in back-to-back shows during NYFW—but despite her accomplishments, she hasn't let the success get to her head. The model got emotional when she recently walked the for two designers this season.The first was Prabal Gurung on Sunday. The presentation was already emotional to begin with, as the finale served as a touching and much-needed feminist tribute. Models marched in tees with empowering political slogans, like "The Future is Female" (seen on Hadid), "I Am an Immigrant" and "This Is What a Feminist Looks Like" (worn by Gurung himself)."I went out and walked, and right before finale, when Prabal was about to go walk, I saw him tearing up and I just started crying because it was such a beautiful, moving show," Hadid told Fashionista. "Everybody in the audience was crying during the finale; it was really, really powerful and I'm really proud of him. It was incredible.""Thank you P for a beautiful collection and such an empowering show," she shouted out to the designer on Instagram. "I just started crying because it was such a beautiful, moving show."The following day, Hadid made another monumental runway appearance when she closed the Oscar de la Renta show. The model revealed that she got sentimental for this presentation, too. "I mean, literally, I also cried! I don't know if it's just a very emotional week, but that show has always been something really big to me. It's such an iconic brand and I've always looked up to the designers. I cried when I got the show in general, and then when I heard I was closing, I was at a loss for words," she said."[That dress] was so beautiful; when I first tried it on, it was so incredible," the model added. Hadid continued to show gratitude even after exiting the runway. She summed it up with an Instagram post: "Closing the @oscardelarenta show last night 😫🙏🏼😇 someeeebody pinch me!!! Walking this show, let alone closing it was truly a highlight of my year..it feels so surreal! I am so grateful ❤ Thank you to everybody at Oscar De La Renta," she said in the caption.Bella has a lot to be thankful for, and fashion week (let alone fashion month) isn't even over yet.From: Harper's BAZAAR US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			And it doesn't look how you think it might!It's no secret that Katy Perry is a staunch Hillary Clinton supporter — she campaigned heavily for Hillary before the election and at Sunday's Grammys she wore a white pantsuit and "PERSIST" arm band in solidarity with her (and all women, TBH). Now she's proving her admiration for Hillary again, this time in shoe form.Katy Perry Collections, Katy's new line of footwear that launches on Feb. 16, features shoes named after kick-ass ladies in her life. "I chose some of my favorite girlfriends and my female family members and named all the shoes after them," Katy told People of her collection, which will retail between $59 and $299. Two styles are named after Girls stars Lena Dunham and Allison Williams, for example. But the name that truly sticks out is the "Hillary," a super-cute blush-pink pump with a lucite heel that's filled with tiny gold accents. "It's got stars in the heel, so it's a pep in her step," Katy explained of the design, but she was quick to note that the shoe isn't necessarily something that reads H.R.C. (i.e., a sensible nude pump with a low, chunky heel) . "I didn't necessarily shape the shoe[s] after [each woman], but ... I tried to pair the shoes that best represented their personality."Can't wait to see Hillary wearing these!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Your local BOGO sales might be going away. Finding shoes that are actually affordable might get a little bit harder soon. Bloomberg reports that Payless, facing hard financial times, may close 1,000 of its stores in a deal with its lenders. An inside source told Bloomberg that Payless is in talks with its creditors as it tries to deal with debt. Currently, the company has more than 4,400 stores in 30 countries, and more than 25,000 people work for them. Racked notes that back in September, Payless had planned on closing 500 smaller stores in favor of bigger "Super Stores" that could compete with DSW; it's unclear whether that's still in the cards for the retail chain. A representative for Payless had no comment on the news at this time. But Payless isn't alone in struggling these days. Brick-and-mortar chain stores have been suffering lately as more and more people shop online. Here are just a few stores that have closed locations over the past year: Kmart, Sears, Macy's, Sports Authority, The Limited, and BCBG. Looks like your local mall is about to look a lot emptier in 2017.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Good Housekeeping US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Three blocks of customers showed up by 6 a.m.As with all things surrounding Kylie Jenner, Monday's opening of her second pop-up store, in downtown Manhattan, was complete madness. From rowdy crowds and more super-strict rules to late arrivals and orange wigs, here's every crazy af thing that went down. 1. People started camping outside two days in advance.2. By Monday's predawn hours, the line stretched for three blocks.3. When opening time finally came, the scene looked like this: 👑 MY TEAM! Can't BELIEVE the LOVE today!!!!!!!A post shared by  Kylie ♥️ (@kyliejenner) on Feb 13, 2017 at 9:18am PST4. Kylie got there late.14 hours in the line for @KylieJenner NYC Pop up shop it was cold af and she didn't even showed up to the store opening, nice job kylie 😒5. But when she arrived, she did it in ~style~.6. Then she reportedly kicked everyone out to take photos.6. Her friends threw her a surprise party to celebrate. Today was an unreal experience! Not a moment goes by when I'm not over the top thankful and grateful for each and every one of you. We've got a good TEAM! There would be no me without YOU 👑 let's keep building! 💪🏼A post shared by  Kylie ✨ (@kyliejenner) on Feb 13, 2017 at 1:09pm PST7. People were kicked out of line for moving single file. The crowds were so massive on opening day that they had to be broken up across several blocks. When it was time for a line segment to cross the street, people had to walk in clusters — or face the consequences. 8. The famous Lip Kit wall was worth $159,500. It featured 5,500 Lip Kits.Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The evidence is pretty alarming. Kylie Jenner's second pop-up store opened yesterday in New York City to launch her second collection for her merch line. But the line is currently facing some drama, because Kylie's new flame sweats look at lot like an indie brand's line. The reality star is being accused of duping a flame-covered matching set that's been living on Cake Asia's Instagram for months. Their promotional pics look a lot alike and both brands use rapper Offset to model the sweatsuit, though Cake Asia featured him first.Fans are noticing the similarities, and taking to Twitter to slam Kylie for potentially using yet another independent brand's ideas. kylie jenner literally just bites off @cake_asia and gets away with it with her dumb fans. fuck her, @cake_asia did it best pic.twitter.com/eb2mWHBhq8Cake Asia's Flame Sweatsuit >> Kylie Jenner's Flame SweatsuitBut one fan made a good point: flame merch is all over the place right now. Kylie Jenner new line, Thrasher and Cake Asia all look the same plus they sell this fire lookin design stuff at Forever 21You can get similar styles at Forever 21:ASOS:Topshop:And the flames set from Hardware London that Kylie's besties Bella Hadid and Sophia Richie have both been spotted wearing, were first announced in July 2016.But anyway, the 2017 must-have is just a remake of the '90s trend. Here's Christina Ricci wearing a nearly identical pair of pants back in the day:And N*SYNC's Lance Bass rocked flames, as well:Still, the Kylie Shop and Cake Asia did both use the same model for similar shoots, so you be the judge. Seventeen.com has reached out to Kylie's team and Cake Asia. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"I feel totally fine in the second photo."Olivia, a girl from England who goes by Self Love Liv on Instagram, uses social media to document her recovery from an eating disorder and self-harm. Earlier this week she posted two powerful images of herself side by side: one that shows her sporting high-waisted control briefs, and one that shows the underwear pulled down by her hips, exposing her tummy.Olivia explained that she bought the shapewear a year ago in hopes that of wearing the garment under bodycon dresses — but quickly discovered it wasn't for her. (Editor's note: The item worn in Olivia's post is not actually made by the brand Spanx.)"Do you know how uncomfortable these things are 😂 breathing was not an option!" she wrote. "I felt tight, uncomfortable and restricted in the first photo. The relief of taking them off was amazing!!"She continued, "You don't NEED them. I feel totally fine in the second photo, and I can breathe again!"Her relaxed smile and confident pose in the righthand photo kind of say it all.With more than 33,000 likes, Olivia's post is a useful reminder that when you see photos of celebrities on the red carpet showing off teeny-tiny waists and flat bellies, shapewear usually is involved. More important: Whatever your tummy looks like — curvy, flat, with a pooch or rolls — it's normal and beautiful as is.Of course, there's nothing wrong with rocking shapewear if you like it how looks (and don't mind how it feels). But if wearing shapewear makes you fantasize about running to the closest bathroom, ripping them off, and stuffing them in your purse, then you should do exactly that.Hannah Orenstein is the assistant features editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Twitter and Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Following in her mum's footsteps.Everyone who was anyone was at the Grammy's on Sunday night.Take the Carters, they had the entire fam out in force. Even 5-year-old Blue Ivy got an invite, and let me tell you, she went all out for the occasion.In a bright pink Gucci suit, complete with ruffled blouse and Hello Kitty bag, Blue gave her mom a run for her money in the style stakes. But it turns out her outfit was more than a homage to the late Prince. You might have missed it, but her suit actually had a very important message.On the back Blue had an embroidered black panther, the same image Beyoncé has worn on her stage outfits.The Black Panther Party was originally founded in America in 1966 to monitor the behavior of police officers towards the black community, an issue that is still incredibly prevalent today. This is not the first time Beyoncé has used her platform to highlight the Black Panther movement. At her Superbowl performance last year, her dancers wore Black Panther style outfits.We love that Bey is drawing attention to such important matters, something that we know she will continue to do as she explained in her acceptance speech. "It's important to me to show images to my children that reflect their beauty, so they can grow up in a world where they look in the mirror, first through their own families - as well as the news, the Super Bowl, the Olympics, the White House and the Grammys - and see themselves, and have no doubt that they're beautiful, intelligent and capable. This is something I want for every child of every race. And I feel it's vital that we learn from the past and recognize our tendencies to repeat our mistakes."*Praise hands emoji*From: Cosmopolitan UK		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Wtf?After a long week of wearing denim jackets as shirts, rocking wet hair, and wearing bodysuits that make her look naked, Kylie Jenner is all fashioned out. She's so exhausted, in fact, that she apparently decided she needs a little nap – and there's no better way to snooze on the go than by wearing an enormous sleeping bag.So that's just what she did.  NYFW 🖕🏼A post shared by  Kylie ♥️ (@kyliejenner) on Feb 12, 2017 at 5:42pm PSTShe rocked this puffy, monstrosity with designer Phillip Plein during New York Fashion Week. It's probably supposed to be a coat, but that's up for debate. Other options include:1. A patent leather igloo2. A jumbo garbage bag3. A black licorice gum drop costume4. An inflatable arm floaty for a giant baby5. Fashion's version of the poop emojiEither way, it's a look only Kylie could rock – and if you disagree, here's what Kylie has to say:Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The slayageAfter a fire red carpet, things heated up even more post-Grammy Awards. Here's every killer look your fave celebs wore after the show. After a fire red carpet, things heated up even more post-Grammy Awards. Here's every killer look your fave celebs wore after the show. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			From totally weird to wonderfully crazemazing.This year's Grammy Awards brought some epic style moments, but there was also a large supply of cray cray looks. Here are the most unforgettable outfits from the red carpet. Blue hair, blue gloves, shoulder tulle, and CDs literally everywhere – this look is all kinds of crazy. This over-the-top political banner-turned dress is totally bonkers – and it pissed a lot of people off, too. Homegirl's lookin' like a straight-up gum ball machine. Post-Super Bowl body shaming, the "Million Reasons" singer hit the Grammys red carpet in a spiked, chained, barely-there look that's Gaga-levels of crazemazing. Killing it!This foiled, ruffled, metallic-y accordion dress is crazy amazing. I'm in love with it and I just wanted to put her on a best dressed list, so here we are. The bros of Twenty One Pilots accepted their Grammy for "Stressed Out" in their underwear, because they decided years ago, while watching the Grammys in their underwear, that if they ever won a Grammy themselves, they'd do it in their underwear. Apparently there was a fencing portion to the Grammys that we didn't know about. Yep, those are gold flakes covering Rose's head. And her top looks like some sort of patent leather boob cage.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The feminist is at it again. Per usual, Katy Perry owned the stage when she performed her brand new, political song "Chained to the Rhythm" at the 2017 Grammy Awards. But the die-hard feminist snuck in some other political messages that you might have missed. Katy wore one of the slogans of the Anti-Trump movement on her arm – in shimmering pink rhinestones, because this is still KP we're talking about. The word was also recently used in a now-viral speech Mitch McConnell made about Senator Elizabeth Warren. Throughout her presidential campaign, Hillary Clinton wore multiple white pantsuits as a nod to women's suffrage, which caused women across the nation to head to the polls all in white. For her Grammys performance, Katy recreated the historic look, but with a lace bustier under it, instead of a crisp white top – because, again, this is Katy Perry. During the song, Katy danced in front of a plain white house, which may have represented the White House. The house was surrounded by a white picket fence, which grew steadily taller as Katy sang, until it was almost as tall as she is. The fence could represent the wall President Trump has pledged to build along the US/Mexico boarder. Later on in her performance, both the white house and fence were dismantled, and replaced with a projection of the United States Constitution.At the end of the song, Katy yelled "no hate," a phrase that has also been echoed in anti-Trump protests. 🙆🏻NO HATE🙆🏻 IT WAS SO POWERFUL💪🏻 I'm so proud of you @katyperry #ChainedToTheRhythm #GRAMMYs pic.twitter.com/04t1eaS7rlFollow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Look at Rihanna. I mean, just look at her! Damn, the woman can do no wrong. None! Unless, of course, that massive ball skirt of hers is fur. That would be a bit upsetting. And, I mean, it definitely looks like it could be fur. And wouldn't that just be such a Rihanna thing to do? Here, let's examine it from a slightly different angle. OK, no, definitely not fur. Just some incredibly luxe pleated fabric. Phew! She had me worried there for a minute, but it's all good, 10,000 tiny black woodland creatures did not have to die to make this skirt. The only slaying involved in this look is the slaying Rihanna is doing right now on this red carpet.  Yes! Slay, Rihanna. Slay!Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Demi Lovato hit up the 2017 Grammys basically naked. Her Julien MacDonald dress showed off every inch of her body, particularly her ~decolletage~. Deyyyum, girl! Demi accessorized her see-through ensemble — which was pretty much just a few threads loosely crocheted together — with a metallic box clutch, gold heels, and a ton of David Yurman jewels.The sizzling design was also backless. Demi's dress had a '70s vibe to it, which could be a tribute to the artists she's honoring tonight during her performance: the BeeGees. Groovy, baby!Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She knows she looks amazing.Lady Gaga's Super Bowl halftime show last weekend was beyond epic — but because some people have filthy trash bags instead of actual beating hearts, a certain dark corner of Twitter was just tearing her down for the way her stomach looked while she performed. Lady Gaga clapped back at her haters with a classy response. And rather than hiding her body on the Grammys red carpet, she embraced the skin she's in with a daring (edgy, fabulous, over-the-top, etc...) outfit that showed off her stomach. The singer wore a chest-baring black cropped jacket, black hot pants, a chain-studded belt, aviators, black fishnets, and gravity-defying black latex over-the-knee boots. Girl looked GOOD. On the beauty front, pale pink highlights and a pretty red-pink lipstick softened the look. Mom! Go show the haters who's boss. Hannah Orenstein is the assistant features editor on Seventeen.com. Follow her on Twitter and Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Whoops!No red carpet is complete without a healthy dose of side boob – at least in my opinion – and thankfully for all of us, Halsey agrees. The "Closer" singer hit the Grammy Awards red carpet in a royal blue pj-inspired set – and zero shirt. Instead, she rocked a diamond-studded body chain and massive hoop earrings. Oh, and did I mention side boob??S/o to the infinite amounts of fashion tape that helped make this look possible. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Seriously, you have to see these slits. Paris Jackson, daughter of Michael Jackson, is attending the Grammys as a presenter, and she made a statement in a sparkly, rainbow-themed Balmain jumpsuit.The plunging outfit featured cutouts on the sides and ~sexy~ slits up the front and back of each pant leg. Paris paired it with coordinating Balmain heels, Kimberly McDonalds jewelry, and an oil-slick colored WAR by Michael Bradley clutch.Paris's typical street style involves distressed T-shirts and leather, so this sparkly jumpsuit is a bit of a departure, but girl looks good from all angles!  Keep it up, Paris!Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			A singer named Joy Villa wore the controversial dress. The Grammys red carpet is packed with incredible dresses (current fave: Camila Cabello's princessy ballgown), but one look in particular is getting viewers at home pretty heated. Joy Villa, a 25-year-old singer who is not nominated for an award tonight, appeared on the red carpet in a white cape with a red heart-shaped clutch. As the cameras began to flash, she pulled off the cape to reveal a blue mermaid gown underneath. White crystal embellishments on the dress spell out "Make America Great Again." The dress also features red and white crystal stars and stripes. Crystals on the back of the dress spells out "TRUMP."The dress made a strong political statement and sparked a variety of reactions online. @Joy_Villa You rock! I say YES to the DRESS! #MAGA #TRUMP #STRONGBRAVEWOMANJoy — who describes herself as a "vegan" and a "feminist" on Twitter — explained on Instagram earlier today that her "whole artistic platform is about LOVE!" and that everyone should "go out and celebrate yourself as a winner no matter what." 💥My whole artistic platform is about LOVE!🎶💕💋 I couldn't be where I am today without the love and tenderness of those beautiful supporters and friends around me. Thank you ❤️ I hope you enjoy tonight's @grammysawards2017 and remember to forget your problems and focus on your future! You are infinite and beautiful and no one can stop you but you. 💋So go out and celebrate yourself as a winner no matter what, together with those you adore! #happygrammysday #blessings #beautiful #love #grammys2017💝 #happyvalentinesday #celebration #style #postivevibes #loveA post shared by  Joy Villa🇺🇸 (@joyvilla) on Feb 12, 2017 at 12:40pm PSTHannah Orenstein is the assistant features editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Twitter and Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She's totally prom dress goals at the Grammys.The Grammys is the biggest night in music, so it makes sense Camila Cabello decided to make her awards show red carpet debut as a solo artist at the event tonight.It had to be intimidating figuring out what she'd wear for her solo Grammys debut without her former Fifth Harmony band mates, but you'd never guess.She strolled onto the red carpet looking like prom dress goals in a gorgeous floor-length silver gown with purple floral accents. Check it out.This is a totally different vibe from the sexier looks we were used to when Cam would coordinate with the rest of the 5H members. But we love this look just the same. She looks like a royal princess!She even managed to make a turtleneck look absolutely regal since it's silver and bedazzled. Not to mention, she's absolutely glowing.And check out her super cute bedazzled safety pin ring.Here she is twirling like a literal Disney princess.Is Disney looking for their next live-action princess? Because I think I just found her.Keep doing what you're doing Camila!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Velour or terrycloth???These were so outrageously cozy that you refused to admit this is what they actually looked like. Ugh.So many people had them, it seemed like Oprah was giving them away. ("You get a North Face! And you get a North Face! And YOU get a North Face!") Except the jackets were not free; they were all your birthday and Christmas money combined. When the original yellow bands debuted in 2004, everyone wore them to support people with cancer. After a year or two, you had multiples — for Bailey's birthday, the girls' soccer team, pretty much everything.Possibly with song lyrics and stars doodled on the midsoles.I maintain there is no better item to wear to a middle school dance in a sweaty gymnasium where you just stare wistfully at your crush while a Taylor Swift song plays. Nope, didn't camouflage your first-ever bra straps whatsoever. PINK, So Low, and Hardtail were your favorites. Unlike Miley Cyrus, though, you never had one with your BF's face on it. You and your mom probably argued in the dressing room about whether you looked too grown-up. You spent hours debating velour vs. terrycloth. Hey, it was a big decision! Leggings, tees, nail polish — the brighter, the better.Your annoying brother said you looked like a bug. True, but RUDE.So pricey... but soooo at the top of your birthday wishlist. This is what you wanted to carry your school stuff in after you graduated from backpacks. You tucked your allowance into this little zip-up wallet and nearly lost it a million times. So your hair could look like this:Which thankfully did double-duty and hid any zits busting out across your forehead. On days you weren't breaking out. They made your scalp ache, so you'd always yank them off halfway through the day. You weren't 100 percent sure how to apply it, so you kinda just brushed it everywhere. It's the sole reason you know anything about HTML.OK, these are still delicious. Hannah Orenstein is the assistant features editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Twitter and Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's never too late to say you're sorry.If you feel the need to blame someone for the awful men's fashion in the '90s, Justin Timberlake says you can blame *NSYNC. In a new video interview with The Hollywood Reporter, Justin admitted that the band was responsible for many, if not most, of the decade's most offensive style don'ts. "Favorite coordinated *NSYNC outfit? Well, there's just so many!" he said sarcastically. "I want to take this opportunity to apologize. Anytime you can do dancing from the '90s — wonderful — but, there was a lot of questionable attire. And, I think [*NSYNC] may have been responsible for, like, 90 percent of it in that decade. So, sorry." .@JTimberlake: "I want to take this opportunity to apologize" for @NSYNC's coordinated outfits https://t.co/W2IXlFGuEK pic.twitter.com/SlUwKs0RmYThat means he's sorry for these rainbow-colored fur trench coats.  He's sorry for these patterned suits, which may or may not have been made from my grandma's curtains. He's definitely sorry for these rhinestone flames and his two-tone snakeskin pants. He also feels bad about that time JC Chasez wore a fur vest and weird elastic bands around his knees and arms.  He straight-up apologizes for this coordinating reflector situation. Even at the time he looked like he knew he would one day regret this one. He feels awful about how into windbreakers everyone was. Seriously, they really had a thing for wearing completely inappropriate outerwear, not to mention super ~shiny~ material. The denim situation was also out of control. Oh, and he feels pretty bad about all these outfits too. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"I strongly disagree with Kevin Plank's recent comments in support of Trump as recently reported."Misty Copeland is arguably the world's most famous ballerina. As the first African American woman to ever be named a principal dancer in the American Ballet Theatre, she has pioneered in her field — and like many great athletes and artists, she has the sponsorships to show for it. Copeland is a spokesperson for Under Armour, which made headlines this week for statements made by its CEO, Kevin Plank, in an interview with CNBC. Plank serves on an advisory panel to President Donald Trump and praised the president in the interview. "To have such a pro-business president is something that is a real asset for the country, he said. "People can really grab that opportunity."He added that Trump "wants to build things. He wants to make bold decisions and be really decisive. I'm a big fan of people that operate in the world of publish and iterate versus think, think, think, think, think. So there's a lot that I respect there."On Wednesday, Plank was criticized by basketball star Stephen Curry, who is also under contract with Under Armour. In an interview with the Mercury News, Curry responded to Plank's description of Trump as an asset. "I agree with that description, if you remove the 'et' from asset," Curry said.The next day, Copeland expressed her feelings about Plank's comments on social media. Along with a photo of herself looking downcast, she published a statement saying she "strongly disagree[s] with Kevin Plank's recent comments in support of Trump."   I have always appreciated the great support and platform that Under Armour has given me to represent my community, gender, and career on the world stage. However, I strongly disagree with Kevin Plank's recent comments in support of Trump as recently reported. Those of you who have supported and followed my career know that the one topic I've never backed away from speaking openly about is the importance of diversity and inclusion. It is imperative to me that my partners and sponsors share this belief. I have spoken at length with Kevin privately about the matter, but as someone who takes my responsibility as a role model very seriously, it is important to me that he, and UA, take public action to clearly communicate and reflect our common values in order for us to effectively continue to work towards our shared goal of trying to motivate ALL people to be their best selves.A post shared by  Misty Copeland (@mistyonpointe) on Feb 9, 2017 at 10:14am PST"Those of you who have supported and followed my career know that the one topic I've never backed away from speaking openly about is the importance of diversity and inclusion," she wrote. "It is imperative to me that my partners and sponsors share this belief."She added that she had "spoken at length with Kevin privately about the matter" but did not say one way or the other what the consequences of any continued support of the president would be. Curry is sticking with Under Armour, but left open the possibility of changing his mind. "If I can say the leadership is not in line with my core values, then there is no amount of money, there is no platform I wouldn't jump off if it wasn't in line with who I am," he told the Mercury News. As the Trump era progresses, companies are having to quickly figure out how to respond to a politically engaged consumer base that calls for boycotts when a member of the board makes a donation or when they see stores carrying Trump-branded products.Under Armour made a statement once Plank's comments started to get picked up. Here's part of what they said: At Under Armour, our culture has always been about optimism, teamwork, and unity. We have engaged with both the prior and the current administrations in advocating on business issues that we believe are in the best interests of our consumers, teammates, and shareholders. Kevin Plank was recently invited at the request of the President of the United States, to join the American Manufacturing Council as part of a distinguished group of business leaders. So far, Under Armour has not ended up on the Grab Your Wallet boycott list, but that may change. But you know now where Copeland stands, and it's not with Trump.From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's happening now at all of your favorite stores. While the #GrabYourWallet boycott of retailers associated with the Trump name started back in October, it's really picking up steam now. Home decor site Bellacor quietly deleted its collection of Trump-related items in November, then Nordstrom announced last week that they were no longer stocking Ivanka Trump's line. Since then, five more stores have followed suit and ditched the brand: first, Neiman Marcus, which announced their decision a day after Nordstrom, and now Belk, Jet.com, ShopStyle, and HSN.Additionally, according to the New York Times, T.J. Maxx and Marshalls employees have been instructed to mix Ivanka Trump-labeled items into the regular racks and discard any signs that call attention to her brand.Most of these retailers are saying the same thing in their statements — basically, that the boycott is working. "Corresponding to the decline in demand for Ivanka Trump products our retailers are seeing, we saw the same decrease in demand," a spokesperson for ShopStyle explained to Racked. "We are therefore removing Trump products from our database to allow higher performing products greater visibility on our platform."Today, after it was clear that Nordstrom had started a domino effect, Donald Trump himself tweeted about how "unfair" the whole situation is. My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom. She is a great person -- always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible!Despite the shift, reps for Ivanka's brand insisted after the Nordstrom decision that the label was still growing. "The Ivanka Trump brand continues to expand across categories and distribution with increased customer support, leading us to experience significant year-over-year revenue growth in 2016," Rosemary K. Young, Ivanka Trump's senior director of marketing told Refinery29. "We believe that the strength of a brand is measured not only by the profits it generates, but the integrity it maintains."From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"The public to Vogue: 'We need diversity!!'Vogue: *Gets Kendall and Gigi again.*"Vogue made waves yesterday, when it released its March 2017 "Modern American Woman" issue featuring seven models — Liu Wen, Ashley Graham, Kendall Jenner, Gigi Hadid, Imaan Hammam, Adwoa Aboah, and Vittoria Ceretti — from different ethnic backgrounds. It also put Ashley, a size-16 model, front and center. While the cover garnered praise for its inclusivity, it faced backlash on social media for not being more inclusive.According to commenters, one "plus-size" model doesn't make up for the fact that the rest of the women on the cover are around six feet tall and very slim, and that none of the models featured were "darker than a paper bag." Additionally commenters took issue with how Ashley was posed for the cover shot. They pointed out that her arm was the only one resting on a thigh, which arguably covers up her torso. Eagle-eyed Twitter users also thought there was something fishy about the placement of Gigi Hadid's arm and hand — a Photoshop tactic they claimed meant to cover up Ashley's stomach. Ashley defended Vogue and her pose in the comments on her Instagram post of the cover. "I chose to pose like that," she wrote. "No one told me to do anything." She also shared two more photos from the inside story, and expressed her gratitude to the publication, saying, "Dream. Come. True!" and "THANK YOU @voguemagazine for having me on your cover!!"  Dream. Come. True! THANK YOU @voguemagazine for having me on your cover!! 📸 @inezandvinoodh #diversity #inclusion #thenewnorm #fearlesswomen #vogue125A post shared by  A S H L E Y  G R A H A M (@ashleygraham) on Feb 8, 2017 at 1:25pm PSTFrom: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The supermodel opens up about her new swimwear campaign, "Every Body, Every Age, Every Beautiful."Chances are, at one point or another (or many points), you've felt insecure about how your body looks in a bathing suit. So when a size 14 model named Ashley Graham appeared in Sports Illustrated's highly-anticipated Swimsuit Issue back in 2014 (a space previously reserved for ultra-thin bikini bodies only), a collective sigh of relief was shared by women everywhere: change, it seemed, was finally coming.And change Ashley Graham did bring. Not only did the model go on to later land her own Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue cover, she also broke countless boundaries in the fashion world, ushering in a new wave of body positivity and inclusivity. In the past year alone Graham landed an H&M Studio campaign, launched a lingerie collection with Addition Elle, penned an essay on body shaming that went viral and even got her own Barbie (the first to have thighs that touch, nonetheless). Now, she's making her Sports Illustrated return with a diverse swimwear campaign for Swimsuits for All that's putting "regular women" in the Swimsuit Issue for the first time. The Sports Illustrated x Swimsuits For All campaign, titled "Every Body, Every Age, Every Beautiful,"celebrates Graham's body positive philosophy. Shot in the streets of San Juan, Puerto Rico, the campaign features Graham alongside a group of women—some of whom are San Juan locals and some of whom are models—of varying shapes, ages and backgrounds. The end result? More size, age and racial diversity to be featured in the highly-anticipated swimsuit issue.We spoke to Graham about the new campaign, the importance of women supporting each other and how things have changed since her Sports Illustrated debut.Lauren Fisher: Why was it important for you to debut the Swimsuits for All campaign in Sports Illustrated's Swimsuit Issue?Ashley Graham: Two years ago, my #CurvesInBikinis ad debuted in the SI Swimsuit Issue and it was a huge moment in my career. I was the first size 14 model to be featured in an ad in the magazine, and fast forward to a year later, I was the first size 14 model on the cover! SI Swim, Swimsuits For All and I all share the same mission to celebrate the female body and empower women to feel good in their own skin. That's why it was important to debut the "Every Body, Every Age, Every Beautiful" ad in the issue again this year and show even more diverse women.LF: What was the inspiration behind your latest swimsuit collection for Swimsuits for All?AG: I was inspired by the tropical feeling of Puerto Rico. It's the type of place that encourages so much love! I felt like shaking my hips the entire time I was there, and you will see that festive spirit in the prints and design details.LF: Tell me about the women who star in the campaign with you.AG: These ladies are all gorgeous! Their energy and spirit was so positive, and they exuded confidence no matter their age and size. And they look amazing in the suits!LF: What was the experience like shooting the campaign with local women from San Juan?AG: It was such a wonderful experience. We were shooting in the streets of San Juan, and the final images really capture the essence of the city's culture. LF: Your body has been criticized for being too curvy in the past and recently for "slimming down too much" on Instagram, do those comments ever get to you?AG: Everyone wants to be an "expert" on social media and share their opinion behind the keyboard. As a model, I'm used to having my body scrutinized, and I have a tough skin so I can shake it off. I know I'm the only person that gets to decide how my body should look. It's really important that we stop body shaming people online and on social media. The rude comments under pictures, comparing women in "who looks better" posts—all that does is force us to judge each other. It only sets us back and women, now more than ever, need to empower each other.LF: Do you have any advice for the women who don't feel confident wearing a bikini?AG: I always say wear what makes you feel most confident, and confidence doesn't always come over night. If a bikini isn't your style, there are other options in my collection that will make you feel comfortable, which is the most important part. I love the one-pieces with cut outs and mesh detailing. They're just as sexy as the bikinis, if not more!LF: How do you think the body positive movement has evolved since your Sports Illustrated cover?AG: The SI Swim cover was life changing, not just for myself but for women everywhere who've been told they can't do something because of their size. Body positivity is no longer a side conversation, it's mainstream.From: Harper's BAZAAR US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			And we want them allFrom Prince Charming being the old-school version of a f**k boy, to letting him chase you (oh hey, Cinderella) being key, Disney Princesses taught us a lot of things growing up – but mainly that "if you keep on believing, the dream that you wish will come true..."Anyway, a fashion designer and ultimate Disney fan (and let's face it, pure genius) has created a Disney Princess-inspired gown collection – and it's like all our Disney dreams have come true.And we're not talking terrible fancy dress costumes either – this is a couture collection you'll actually want to wear. Mini collection.... Couture Disney Princesses.  BELLE  from Beauty and the Beast #disney #disneyprincess #disneyprincesses #princess #belle #disneysbeautyandthebeast #beautyandthebeast #emmawatson #fashion #fashionillustration #illustration #art #style #fashiondesigner #sketch #yellow #gown #cape #gold #roses #gown #michaelanthony #madesigns @disney @thedisneyprincesses @gjb215 @trendsketches @fashionartists_gallery @emmawatson @beautyandthebeastA post shared by  Michael Anthony (@michael_anthony_designs) on Jan 31, 2017 at 6:28am PSTFrom recreating the now-iconic yellow dress worn by Belle in the ballroom scene of Beauty and the Beast to reimagining Merida's empowering assemble from Brave, Michael Anthony's Disney designs incorporate the modern day woman as well as the traditional princess. New Mini collection.... Couture Disney Princesses.  MERIDA from Brave #disney #disneyprincess #disneyprincesses #princess #merida #disneysbrave #fashion #fashionillustration #illustration #art #style #fashiondesigner #sketch #green #gown #plaid #brave #gown #michaelanthony #madesigns @disney @thedisneyprincesses @gjb215A post shared by  Michael Anthony (@michael_anthony_designs) on Jan 22, 2017 at 8:50pm PSTSpeaking exclusively to Digital Spy, the Chicago-born fashion designer said: "Disney is what I grew up with and Disney Princesses were my first fashion icons. "My favorite Disney Princess has alway been Cinderella – growing up, my favorite scene was when her Fairy Godmother transformed her torn dress into the gorgeous gown... New Mini collection.... Couture Disney Princesses.  Cinderella  #disney #disneyprincess #disneyprincesses #princess #cinderella #disneysphocahontas #fashion #fashionillustration #illustration #art #style #fashiondesigner #sketch #lace #gown #blue #babyblue #gown #michaelanthony #madesigns @disney @thedisneyprincessesA post shared by  Michael Anthony (@michael_anthony_designs) on Jan 19, 2017 at 3:20pm PST"But I think reflecting both the classic and contemporary Disney Princess in my designs is really important. Mini Collection..Disney Princesses.  Elsa from Frozen. Anna is coming tomorrow.  And yes I know Elsa is a Queen lol but had alot of requests #disney #disneyprincess #disneyprincesses #princess #frozen #disneysfrozen #sleepingbeauty #fashion #fashionillustration #illustration #art #style #fashiondesigner #sketch #sequin #gown #blue #silver #elsafrozen #elsa #gown #michaelanthony #madesigns @disney @thedisneyprincesses @gjb215A post shared by  Michael Anthony (@michael_anthony_designs) on Jan 28, 2017 at 5:17pm PST Mini collection.... Couture Disney Princesses.  Anna from Frozen #disney #disneyprincess #disneyprincesses #princess #anna #disneysfrozen #fashion #fashionillustration #illustration #art #style #fashiondesigner #sketch #turquoise #gown #fur #braids #blue #gown #michaelanthony #madesigns @disney @thedisneyprincesses @gjb215 @trendsketches @fashionartists_galleryA post shared by  Michael Anthony (@michael_anthony_designs) on Jan 29, 2017 at 7:59pm PST"Take my Princess Leia sketch for example – besides the fact that I'm a huge Star Wars and Carrie Fisher fan, Princess Leia was the first true kick-butt princess that we had. She inspired a lot of girls to be independent and strong. I want to reflect that in my designs." Mini collection bonus.... the last Couture Disney Princesses. PRINCESS LEIA  from Star Wars #disney #disneyprincess #disneyprincesses #princess #rip #ripcarriefisher #disneysstarwars #starwars #princessleia #leiaorgana #carriefisher #fashion #fashionillustration #illustration #art #style #fashiondesigner #sketch #white #gown #sheer #silver #princessleiabuns #gown #michaelanthony #madesigns @disney @thedisneyprincesses @gjb215 @trendsketches @fashionartists_gallery @starwars_official_2016_  @starwarsA post shared by  Michael Anthony (@michael_anthony_designs) on Feb 1, 2017 at 6:31pm PST(Literally) drawing inspiration from popular culture, the 31-year-old, who first unveiled his sketches on Instagram, has had an incredible response to his work on social media, with one follower branding his designs the "La La Land" of their newsfeed.  New Mini collection.... Couture Disney Princesses.  TIANA from The Princess and the Frog  #disney #disneyprincess #disneyprincesses #princess #tiana #disneystheprincessandthefrog #fashion #fashionillustration #illustration #art #style #fashiondesigner #sketch #green #gown #lilies #gold #yellow #gown #michaelanthony #madesigns @disney @thedisneyprincesses @gjb215A post shared by  Michael Anthony (@michael_anthony_designs) on Jan 26, 2017 at 6:28am PST New mini collection Couture Disney Princesses.  First up Pocahontas  #disney #disneyprincess #disneyprincesses #princess #phocahontas #disneysphocahontas #fashion #fashionillustration #illustration #art #style #fashiondesigner #sketch #fur #gown #turquoise #tan #suade #michaelanthony #madesigns @disney @thedisneyprincesses @gjb215A post shared by  Michael Anthony (@michael_anthony_designs) on Jan 18, 2017 at 8:19pm PST New Mini collection.... Couture Disney Princesses.  SNOW WHITE #disney #disneyprincess #disneyprincesses #princess #snowwhite #disneyssnowwhite #fashion #fashionillustration #illustration #art #style #fashiondesigner #sketch #yellow #gown #blue #red #gown #michaelanthony #madesigns @disney @thedisneyprincesses @gjb215A post shared by  Michael Anthony (@michael_anthony_designs) on Jan 21, 2017 at 5:32pm PST"It really took off once I started the Disney Princess collection," he continued. "I've had such an amazing response to my work and I'm so grateful. Mini collection.... Couture Disney Princesses.  Jasmine  from Aladin  #disney #disneyprincess #disneyprincesses #princess #jasmine #disneysaladdin #fashion #fashionillustration #illustration #art #style #fashiondesigner #sketch #turquoise #gown #cape #gold #turquoise #jumpsuit #michaelanthony #madesigns @disney @thedisneyprincesses @gjb215 @trendsketches @fashionartists_galleryA post shared by  Michael Anthony (@michael_anthony_designs) on Jan 30, 2017 at 5:58pm PST New mini collection Couture Disney Princesses.  First up Pocahontas  #disney #disneyprincess #disneyprincesses #princess #phocahontas #disneysphocahontas #fashion #fashionillustration #illustration #art #style #fashiondesigner #sketch #fur #gown #turquoise #tan #suade #michaelanthony #madesigns @disney @thedisneyprincesses @gjb215A post shared by  Michael Anthony (@michael_anthony_designs) on Jan 18, 2017 at 8:19pm PST New Mini collection.... Couture Disney Princesses.  ARIEL from The Little Mermaid  #disney #disneyprincess #disneyprincesses #princess #ariel #thelittlemermaid  #disneysthelittlemermaid #littlemermaid #fashion #fashionillustration #illustration #art #style #fashiondesigner #sketch #sequin #gown #mermaid #mermaidgown #green #purple  #michaelanthony #madesigns @disney @thedisneyprincesses @gjb215A post shared by  Michael Anthony (@michael_anthony_designs) on Jan 20, 2017 at 5:59pm PST"My favorite Disney Princess design has to be Aurora from Sleeping Beauty. I wanted to incorporate the scene in the film where the fairies fight over whether her dress should be pink or blue." Mini collection.... Couture Disney Princesses.  Aurora from Sleeping Beauty  #disney #disneyprincess #disneyprincesses #princess #aurora #disneyssleepingbeauty #sleepingbeauty #fashion #fashionillustration #illustration #art #style #fashiondesigner #sketch #pink #gown #blue #gold #shorthair #shorthairdontcare #gown #michaelanthony #madesigns @disney @thedisneyprincesses @gjb215A post shared by  Michael Anthony (@michael_anthony_designs) on Jan 26, 2017 at 5:49am PSTBut Michael Anthony doesn't want to just stop at Disney Princesses – he told us that he intends to design many other Disney-inspired ranges. *Puts on obligatory Mickey Mouse ears* Day 8 of the 30 day design challenge. Inspiration: Mickey and Minnie  #mickeymouse #minniemouse #minnie #mickey #disney #red #black #design #designer #fashiondesigner #fashion #fashionillustration #illustration #art #mfdesigns #michaelanthony #love #me #disneyland #disneyworld #dress #gown #cape #oneshoulder #mickeyandminnieA post shared by  Michael Anthony (@michael_anthony_designs) on Dec 9, 2015 at 8:24pm PSTHe added: "I plan on doing many Disney collections including Disney villains, sidekicks and iconic characters like Minnie and Mickey Mouse as well as Donald Duck."Right now, I'm working on a Wizard of Oz mini-collection and am thinking of branching out to superhero and Marvel-inspired couture clothes too."It comes after Disney Princess-inspired dresses were spotted at Paris Fashion Week and live-action adaptations of classic Disney animations like Cinderella and The Jungle Book became box office hits – with the highly-anticipated new take on Beauty and the Beast featuring Emma Watson as Belle on the horizon... To conclude: The human world – it's a mess. But being a real-life Disney Princess makes it so much better...From: Digital Spy		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Soooo '90s. The Jenner sisters have always had completely different fashion personalities. Kendall favors an updated normcore-chic vibe, while Kylie loves mixing streetwear and over-the-top glam. But there's a classic '90s staple they've both been spotted wearing lately – and you can get your own for less than $6.The retro item in question? Fishnet stockings. The iconic duo has been rocking them nonstop — each with her own twist, of course. With sweats – duh.With clear booties.Peeking out at the waist.With heels.Wanna steal their style? (Girl, I know you do.) Forever 21 has rhinestone-studded pairs (a Kylie fave) for $12, and Walmart stocks classic black for just $5.85. It's not easy being a Jenner, but you can fake it for cheap. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The model is featured on the March issue.Ashley Graham was told she would never be on the cover of Vogue but, you know, nevertheless, she persisted — and for the first time ever in her career, Ashley has landed every model's most coveted prize. The 29-year-old is featured on the magazine's March issue cover along with models Liu Wen, Kendall Jenner, Gigi Hadid, Imaan Hammam, Adwoa Aboah, and Vittoria Ceretti. Dressed in black Prada turtlenecks and patterned shorts on the beach, they're bent at one knee and holding each other at the waist (except for Ashley, whose hand is resting on her thigh, which you might argue is a way to camouflage her size).  According to Vogue, each model "proudly inhabits her own particular gorgeousness in her own particular way. Together they represent a seismic social shift: The new beauty norm is no norm." Ashley's "particular gorgeousness," is represented by her curves, and she was photographed inside the issue by herself wearing a tight one-shoulder dress by Cushnie et Ochs. While getting ready on set, she walked into the dressing room in nothing but her underwear. And that's when model Adwoa Aboah said, "Girl, only you could make Spanx look hot." Ashley used her Vogue stage to speak out on behalf of women who look like her, saying,"Sixty-seven percent of the women in America wear a size 14 or larger. Sixty-seven percent. Maybe you could ignore those consumers before, but now, thanks to social media, they're making their voices heard. Women are demanding that brands give them what they want. And what they want is to be visible."From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Get ready, NYC!We've known for a few weeks that Kylie Jenner's second pop-up store will be opening soon, in New York City. She finally spilled the details on exactly where the storefront will be — and when fans should start lining up. She also provided a sneak peek at the pink af design.According to her website, the shop's official location is 27 Mercer St., in New York City's Soho neighborhood. The doors will open Feb. 13 at 10 a.m., but if you want first dibs on the goods, you'd better get there early. For her first retail pop-up, people showed up at 4 a.m. Kylie is bringing back tons of retired fan faves for the New York crowd, including her birthday and holiday collections. You can also snag her brand-new Valentine's Day collection:See her famous Lip Kit wall:And shop her merch line:The store will be open from 10 a.m. to 9 p.m. every day until the inventory sells out, which means you'll probz have no money left when the doors close for good. Just make peace with it now. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Whoever said co-ordinating with your mum wasn't cool?Ok, we're going to put it out there — a celebrity mother daughter duo that looks more alike than Reese Witherspoon and Ava Philippe just does not exist.And just like the matchy matchy twin sisters that they look like they are, these two know the importance of co-ordinating on the red carpet. After all, what could be more adorable than a mum and daughter wearing matching dresses on the red carpet? Trust us, wearing co-ordinating outfits with your mum stops becoming embarrassing and starts becoming really, really cool when your mum is Reese Witherspoon. (Blue Ivy, Beyonce, we're looking at you, too).Reese took her 17-year-old daughter as her date to the premiere of HBO's Big Little Lies in which she stars. For the occasion, both mother and daughter picked out shiny metallic mini dresses with a cinched in waist belt.While Reese wore a sequinned number with ALL the shoulder padding, Ava opted for a floral print dress with a cute pussy-bow neckline.Both Reese and Ava wore their hair up in wavy up 'dos and accessorised with sleek, pointed stilettos.From: Cosmopolitan UK		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			2010 Taylor Swift's style game was on point.Every year the Grammys is a parade of style moments and bold beauty looks. Here's a recap of all the best outfits ever worn by your fave celebs. Every year the Grammys is a parade of stunning style moments and bold beauty looks. Here's a recap of all the best outfits ever worn by your fave celebs.Seriously, give that mullet a Grammy.Sel brought the over-the-top glam and Taylor came through with a funky pop look. Name a more iconic/stylish duo. I'll wait. For her first-ever Grammys, Demi went hard on the tough-girl accessories. So badass.This silver-accented cutout gown was one of Ari's best looks ever. Still wishing I could steal it.Only Z could rock a striped tent and a pixie and still be the fiercest girl in the room. The "Firework" singer skipped her whipped cream boob rockets and went with an understated glam look. She looks so chic and the lavender bob is so Katy. Anna offset a muted tone with glam mixed metal accessories – this look is pitch perfect (sorry for the pun). Sticking to her eternally witchy-chic style, Lorde looks like she ripped this dress straight off of a Sanderson Sister. And her crown-shaped necklace is a nod to her breakout song "Royals."Riri's flowing crimson gown was the original dancing lady emoji. 💃Black dress, red lip – you really can't go wrong with this classic pairing. The dress is cute, but Miley's throwback hair is really what got her the spot on this list. RIP, highlights.Not all heroes wear capes. But some do. This is the (unofficial) day Selena became *Slaylena*. This dazzler breaks away from Tay's usual dreamy style with a rich shade and modern neckline.  The movie Cinderella was actually written about Beyoncé.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			But both sides sides are claiming the decision had nothing to do with politics.Nordstrom made headlines last week when the retail giant confirmed that they would no longer be selling Ivanka Trump's line.In a statement, Nordstrom insisted this decision was "based on the brand's performance," but activists are attributing the move, at least in part, to the #GrabYourWallet boycott against businesses that sell Trump merchandise or support Trump.Earlier this week, Seattle's The Stranger reported that Nordstrom execs sent a memo to employees regarding Trump's Muslim Ban just a few days before the Ivanka Trump drop. The note, dated January 31st, was penned by Nordstrom's presidents, Peter, Erik and Blake Nordstrom. The brothers recall the immigration story of Nordstrom's founder, and tell their staff that their "unique qualities brings a richness" to the company.When John W. Nordstrom came to the U.S. as an immigrant, he was given opportunities that allowed him to find a more prosperous and happy life. In so many ways, our humble beginning and the work ethic and gratitude that goes with it helped shape the culture of our company to this day. Over 116 years we have been fortunate to be able to build on the foundation JWN laid for us, thanks to all of you who have chosen to bring your unique experiences and backgrounds to work here at Nordstrom every day. We currently employ more than 76,000 people who comprise different races, ethnicities and genders. We literally have thousands of employees who are first and second generation immigrants. Every one of your unique qualities brings a richness that allows us to better reflect and serve the multi-cultured communities we're a part of and ultimately makes us a better company. We are a better place with you here, no doubt about it.It's important that we reiterate our values to all of you and make it clear that we support each of our employees. We will continue to value diversity, inclusion, respect, and kindness… you can count on that.Read the full memo here.From: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Writing things on a piece of paper, then taking a selfie with it. For most people, the early 2000s were a time of terry cloth purses and Von Dutch trucker hats, but for us emo kids, it meant jamming to MCR, caking on eyeliner, and constantly updating your MySpace page. Here is every nostalgic AF emo kid-thing you were totally obsessed with back when you spent all your money at Hot Topic.You usually wore two to three at once.sorting my wardrobe out and i found all my old studded emo belts goodbye old friends pic.twitter.com/DGQKR6Ohx3xx I Love Rae xxIt was there that you lived your best, most emo life.  2017 VANS WARPED TOUR COMP ::⠀ Featuring @neckdeepuk on the cover and a Target-exclusive edition with @andyblack 🙌 ...PLUS 50 tracks from 50 of your favorite bands on the tour for one super low price!⠀ ⠀ 🗓 Drops June 16th⠀ 💿 pre-order now:: < link in the bio >⠀ ⠀ #vanswarpedtour #warpedtour #foreverwarped #warpedcompA post shared by  Vans Warped Tour (@vanswarpedtour) on Jun 1, 2017 at 10:03am PDTAt the salon you made sure to use the word "choppy" roughly 63 times to describe how you want your layers to look.Your mom would never let you get them yourself, so you had to settle for stalking people who had them on MySpace. His hair, his skinnies, his eyeliner. And don't even get me started on this music video. *SWOON*Because of Pete Wentz, obvs.It was the best cause and you had all the merch.  Two new Alex& Ani bangles from my godmother for Christmas.. a little added love and support going into the new year 😍#alexandani #alexandanibracelet #livelokai #lokai #twloha #towriteloveonherarms #surroindyourselfwithlove #loveyoutothemoonandback #positivevibes #thiswillbeagoodyearA post shared by  Elizabeth Canning (@elizabeth_830) on Jan 1, 2017 at 8:31pm PSTHot topic stuff came in! #hottopic #kitty #tights #tutu pic.twitter.com/caAn09kU6zEven though you pretended like it was sooo annoying.We can live like Jack and Sally if you waaaant. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			And a majority of models take scary steps to make their agents happy.The largest study of eating disorders in models was published by the International Journal of Eating Disorders on Jan. 31, confirming that models often are underweight and are pressured by their agencies to lose weight. Researchers from Northeastern University, Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health, and the labor advocacy group The Model Alliance sent out an anonymous survey to female models over the age of 18 who participated in New York Fashion Week last year. Eighty-five of the approximately 450 models responded.Eighty-one percent of models reported BMIs that were classified as underweight. (BMI, or body mass index, is a measure of body fat based on height and weight — but it's not the perfect way to analyze your health because it doesn't take into account factors like nutrition, activity level, muscle mass, or bone density.)The study also found a high prevalence of models using unhealthy methods to lose weight or maintain a low weight."Most of these models are teens or young adults, so being dangerously underweight and having an eating disorder can have serious consequences on growth and development that affect them for life," Rachel Rodgers, PhD, principle investigator and professor of applied psychology at Northeastern University, told BuzzFeed Health.The study is the first of its kind to link eating disorders in models with perceived pressure from modeling agencies. Sixty-two percent of models reported being asked to lose weight or change their shape, 54 percent were told they wouldn't book jobs unless they lost weight, and 21 percent were told their agency would stop representing them unless they lost weight. That creates a dangerous environment in which models will go to extreme lengths to satisfy their agents. If they don't, they might lose their jobs. "The way the industry is structured, a model can't book jobs independent of her agent so they are her only access to employment — if the agent refuses to book her unless she loses weight, this creates an extremely coercive and dangerous work environment," Sara Ziff, an agency-represented model and co-founder of The Model Alliance, told BuzzFeed.As the study authors note, pressure from agencies for models to lose weight doesn't just harm the models — an unhealthily thin "ideal body" affects everyone. The more you see very thin bodies on the runway and in the media, the more you perceive that as normal or average. While the body-positive movement is blowing up on Instagram, there's less size diversity on the runway. The study authors hope that these scary stats will inspire the fashion industry to make a serious — and life-saving — change.The National Eating Disorders Association promotes awareness, understanding, and treatment of eating disorders. You are not alone; help is only a click away. Contact their live helpline at 800-931-2237 or via their site's live chat (Monday-Thursday from 9 a.m. – 9 p.m. EST; Friday from 9 a.m. – 5 p.m. EST). For crisis situations, text "NEDA" to 741741 to be connected with a trained volunteer at Crisis Text Line. Someone will be there to offer support and guide you to the help you need.Hannah Orenstein is the assistant features editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Twitter and Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Sooo messy. Now that the dispute surrounding her holiday makeup images has been "settled," Kylie Jenner has escaped to the tropics with Tyga for some relaxation (and Instagramming). Unfortunately, drama doesn't care if you're on vacay, and when Kylie posted up in a fringe jumpsuit just like one Rihanna wore after the 2016 MTV VMAs, some fashion insiders freaked. First, take a look: Usually twinning is no biggie; celebs rock the same look all the time. The problem here is that New York's L'Impasse Boutique claims to have custom-designed the olive-green suit for Rihanna. And Kylie's nearly identical ensemble was made by The Dolls House in the U.K.Now L'Impasse is threatening to sue Dolls House for stealing their design. That's where things get really messy. The Dolls House hit back on Instagram, declaring that they are the original designers of both jumpsuits.  When dreams come true! So very proud to see @kyliejenner wearing the jumpsuit we made her! X #madeinhouse #thedollshousefashion #lace #original #kyliejennerA post shared by  The Dolls House Fashion (@thedollshousefashion) on Jan 30, 2017 at 8:50am PST So proud to see @badgalriri in our Jumpsuit we designed. It was requested by her stylist to be made to measure by us then custom dyed. www.thedollshousefashion.com #thedollshousefashion #design #custommade #madeinhouse #fashion #jumpsuitA post shared by  The Dolls House Fashion (@thedollshousefashion) on Aug 29, 2016 at 4:42am PDT @badgalriri in a Custom made Lana Jumpsuit. www.thedollshousefadhion.com #jumpsuit #madeinhouse #custom #rhianna #fringeA post shared by  The Dolls House Fashion (@thedollshousefashion) on Aug 29, 2016 at 4:53am PDT Amazingly happy to see @badgalriri in the Lana jumpsuit custom made and dyed for the VMA after party ❤️#fringe #madeinhouse #thedollshousefashion #jumpsuitA post shared by  The Dolls House Fashion (@thedollshousefashion) on Aug 29, 2016 at 4:57am PDT The Lana Fringe Jumpsuit. Made to order. This colour was requested by Rhianna's stylists. #jumpsuit #thedollshousefashion #madeinhouseA post shared by  The Dolls House Fashion (@thedollshousefashion) on Aug 29, 2016 at 5:36am PDTBut L'Impasse insists that Rihanna's dress was their original, conceived by in-house designer Abdul Sall.A deep dive into both brands' Instagrams revealed that Dolls House posted a photo of the "Lana" jumpsuit months before the green version made an appearance on L'Impasse's account.  Love ... #limitededition #musthave #thedollshouse #fashion #nude #white #lace #madeinstore @karlcollins1 @reubenwoodcreatives Online Tomorrow xA post shared by  The Dolls House Fashion (@thedollshousefashion) on Feb 29, 2016 at 9:20am PSTStill, that chronology doesn't necessarily prove anything. And since neither company immediately responded to Seventeen.com's interview requests, we really just need Bad Gal Riri to set the record straight.Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"Hi... Are you aware of the sizing in this store?"A woman has written an angry letter to Victoria's Secret after she claims a store worker insinuated her friend was too curvy for the brand's clothing.Wales Online reports that 20-year-old Abbie Walsh-Greenfield wrote the open letter to the lingerie chain on her blog after being asked by an employee if she was "aware of the sizing in this store?".She wrote: "Stores like this don't intimidate me. Walking around this store is the same as walking around the next."I didn't feel uncomfortable by the lack of XL's (I actually don't believe that I saw one in that size, anyway), nor by the 5 X-Smalls, 4 Smalls, 2 Medium, 1 Large and 0 X-Large ratio that seemed to be a common theme on the rails around the store. It wasn't even that, that had bothered me."The comment was made to Abbie while she was looking at some large lacy, pink, baggy, elasticated bed shorts: "I don't actually know what the sales assistant meant by her comment, but surely there's no two ways about it."I can't even imagine another sentence that she could have tried to say."In the end, Abbie took her money to Ann Summers where she said the staff were lovely and kind, helpful and informative.Victoria's Secret have released a statement, saying: "Victoria's Secret expects that all customers be treated with respect. We are reaching out to the customer and will take the appropriate actions as we're committed to ensuring that everyone feels welcome in our stores."From: Cosmopolitan UK		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			They're for "all different types."Adding to her already dope af merch collection, Kylie Jenner just announced a ton of epic new pieces, including her own line of swimsuits. According to the official Kylie Jenner Shop Instagram, the new line is for "all different types" of bodies.If Kylie's Snapchat is any indication (it usually is), you can add lip-printed suits to your wish list, as well. Along with swimwear, Kylie's also dropping some other comfy cute items, like these sweatpants:And this athleisure set that, incidentally, I cannot continue living without:Plus, this amazing Kris Jenner shirt:And probably a matching phone case too:Someone send me this phone case pic.twitter.com/KffUuc7S5ABye, money. 👋 It was nice while it lasted. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Because "nude" isn't one-shade-fits-all. Defining any single tone as "nude" is problematic. Sadia Sisay created BeingU after she realized that her daughter couldn't find couldn't find the right "nude" bra to match her skin tone. What makes this brand so special is that it also celebrates diversity in size, with bras ranging from 28B to 44H.U.K.-based shoe company Kahmune is on a mission to diversify the shoe industry so every woman has an option. They offer 10 shades of nude in their strappy sandal heels, because it's important to them that "all women have 'nude' products that celebrate the diversity of the human complexion." Christian Louboutin changed the game when he introduced these stylish ballet flats that come in seven different shades of nude. They're work-appropriate and will look great on every skin tone. Naja's founder and CEO, Catalina Girald, was inspired to start her company after watching Gabby Douglas compete in the 2012 Olympics with a "nude" ankle wrap that did not match her skin tone. From the fairest to the darkest skin tones, Naja creates #NudeForAll undergarments for every woman. As a model, good, nude lingerie is an essential part of Timica Sargent's working wardrobe. Fed up with the lack of undergarment options that catered to her specific skin tone and realizing she couldn't possibly be the only person with this problem, she founded Brown Bottims. Harvard Business School graduates Atima Lui and Nancy Madrid created NUDEST as a way for women to find lingerie, shapewear, and hoisery that complement their complexions. Just upload a picture of your hand to the site and you can shop a curated collection of nude pieces customized to your skin tone. Swedish sports brand Björn Borg released their nude-inclusive line of nude underwear on International Day for the Elimination of Racial Discrimination to pay homage to human rights and racial equality. It's their mission to provide flesh-tone underwear for all with six neutral shades. This Insta-famous, U.K.-based brand is working to create trendy nude pieces and they're on a mission to redefine "nude" for real. You can join by signing their petition to change the definition of "nude" in the Oxford English Dictionary. Mahogany Blues Dance Apparel seeks to offer an alternative to dancers of color who would otherwise be forced to dye their leotards to match their individual skin tones. "We are here to remind dancers of color of their value in an industry that has been color blind for too long," their website states. "This dance apparel company is breaking barres and painting the dance realm in color piece by piece." Usually, mainstream beauty brands only create two or three "deep" foundation shades. That's why it was so major when a mainstream brand like Anastasia Beverly Hills created a 30-shade foundation  stick collection that caters to an array of darker skin tones. Some consider Make Up For Ever an OG shade-inclusive brand, since they've offered a vast variety of foundation shades since their launch in 1984. The brand's best-selling Ultra HD Foundation comes in 40 shades (!!!), including tons of options for brown-skinned beauties. Praise be to another mainstream beauty brand that has made it a point to spread diversity in their shade range! Cover FX also carries 40 shades in their Total Cream and Pressed Mineral Foundation lines. According to the brand's Instagram, "Cover FX offers 40 inclusive shades with unique formulas to provide a precise match, based on undertone, for skin of all ethnicities." KoyVoca celebrates the beauty of nude makeup with 21 shades of brown. From foundation to loose powder, color corrector, lipstick, and highlighter, this brand has a neutral for every woman of color. And best of all, every product is cruelty-free and under $20! Whether you want to give your skin a pretty glow, contour your cheekbones, or create a bronzed finish, you can use CoverGirl's truBLEND Contour Palette. Just look at how gorgeous these brown hues are — and they're offered in a variety of light, medium, and dark shades.If you've ever been on the hunt for the the perfect nude lipstick, you know it's not easy. Oftentimes, nude lipsticks don't take into account the many complexions and undertones of darker skin. But NYX Soft Matte Lip Cream collection has nudes for days. These should be every brown girl's go-to. Plus, they won't break your bank, considering they're only $6 a pop. It's not just makeup that's a part of the nude narrative; nail polish is in the mix too. Christian Louboutin made a point to expand the definition of "nude" with his skin-colored nail polishes, which launched in 2014, suitable for women of all skin tones.Zoya's "Neutral & Nude" collection is comprised of 75 shades of neutral nail polish. Their nudes come in frost, metallic, glitter, and cream finishes, and they're only $10 each! It already sucks having to wear a bandage, but it sucks even harder when it's all that you can see because it doesn't match your skin tone. Started by an adoptive dad who couldn't find a bandage to match his child's skin tone, Tru-Color Bandages offers bandages in a variety of flesh tones for all complexions. From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Every prom goal. Someone get 911 on the phone, because the SAG Awards red carpet was FIRE. Here are all the best dressed celebs from the 2017 show. Someone get 911 on the phone, because the SAG Awards red carpet was FIRE. Here are all the best dressed celebs from the 2017 show. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			R.I.P., Wet Seal.Wet Seal, your favorite junior high clothing store, has announced it will be closing all of its stores soon. In order to pay proper respect to the brand that supplied all of the going-out clothes of your youth, here is a list of the most memorable pieces that once hung in your closet.EbayEbayEbayEbayEbayEbayEbayEbayEbayEbayEbayEbayEbayEbayEbayEbayEbayEbayEbayEbayEbayEbayFrom: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			RIP, velvet choker. Black fabric chokers have become a ubiquitous accessory over the past year or so, and Kendall Jenner is definitely part of the guilty party. But now, the model is ready to disown the trend that she so loved and helped make famous. "It's so funny how trends come and go," the 21-year-old wrote on her website. "One minute, I'll be super into something and then next day I feel like I never want to see it again! I know, I was wearing fabric chokers all the time—and it's not to say I don't still love them—but I'm over them right now." She won't be missing this accessory much, since she already appears to have replaced it with a new favorite: chain chokers. "Instead of fabric, I'm obsessed with chain or diamond chokers right now," she explained on her site. "Anything mixed materials is fun, too! I love layering them on and piling as much cool jewelry on as I can. It's a fun statement without being too much." Metallic chokers are a more bejeweled iteration of the classic '90s-esque bauble, and Kendall often wears hers with other similar necklaces of various lengths for a stacked effect. You might've seen the model accessorize with the new fave in her recent street style looks.Guess we won't be seeing any of this anymore. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram for all things Kendall! #kendalljenner is #promgoals in this amazing sparkly gown ✨ Tap the link in the bio to check out all of her runway looks 👗💕A post shared by  Seventeen (@seventeen) on Jan 24, 2017 at 10:05am PSTFrom: Harper's BAZAAR US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			RIP, my closet. It's a sad day for faux fur coats, clustered charm necklaces, and cutesy graphic tees everywhere: Wet Seal is closing all of its stores. The beloved company delivered the blow to its employees last week in a letter, which stated that all stores would be shuttering and all employees would be losing their jobs, according to the Wall Street Journal. The closing process, which will be devastating on your wardrobe, has apparently been in the works since 2015, when the brand filed for bankruptcy and closed down over 300 stores, Business Insider reports. It's unclear as of now whether the website will also be metaphorically closing its doors, but Seventeen.com has reached out to Wet Seal's reps to find out. This post will be updated when we hear back. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Sugar floaties were the comfiest everrrr. I also threw in some early '00s styles because I couldn't help myself. I also threw in some early '00s styles because I couldn't help myself.You told yourself that these were really comfy, because of the rubbery spongey stuff, but in reality, they were really annoying. EbayThese shoes look harmless, but they were the loudest to walk in. The straps were made of some kind of stretchy elastic, so every time you took a step, the shoe would slap the bottom of your foot. Their paired nicely with capri pants and a hair bandana, though. EbayJellies were cool, but why did everyone ignore the fact that after, like, an hour, they were completely full of foot sweat?EtsySO. SQUISHY. EbayRachel from Friends wore these and you told yourself, "When I'm 20 I'm going to own these in every color."EtsyYour junior high hallway was a sea of rainbow mesh slippers. AmazonWhy did they ever make shoes like this? You would leave black stuff marks all over the P.E. floor and get pea gravel stuck in the bottom after recess. EtsyHillary Duff wore platform sneakers like this on the cover of The Lizzie McGuire Movie (which you owned on tape or DVD if you were fancy), so naturally you needed them too. EtsyEvery girl who was ever Sporty Spice in her talent shoe owned these. EbayHolographic stuff was the coolest.EtsyRainbow platforms. When was the last time you heard that description? EtsyDoc Martens were everything. You loved yours (or your Mudd knockoffs) until they smelled so bad your mom made you throw them away. EtsySkechers. It's the S. EtsyThese were lined with the same material as a woven straw beach mat. Still have no idea why. EbayThese things were as dangerous to walk in as they were popular – very. You definitely slipped and fell in these bad boys more than a few times. EtsyYou might not have had these in pink, but you definitely owned them in black. And wore them to your first school dance. EtsyYou saw these at all the cool girl stores at the mall, but you mom definitely didn't let you buy them. You settled for some that were only 1 or 2 inches tall instead. Ceddie2000/WikipediaBoth guys and girls wore these. You wore them everywhere and pretended like they went with everything.ZapposFrom: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's a game-changing *functional tool*, guys.Like knowing what the tiny fifth pockets on our jeans are for or the real purpose of those random little buttons on your jeans pockets, it is always pleasant to find out that there is still some mystery surrounding the most mundane objects in our lives.In this latest edition of Small Wonders of the World Around Us, Which We Apparently Stumble Through Blindly, we discuss the slitted diamond patch found on your nostalgic Jansport backpack. Three guesses what it's for. Decoration? Wrong. So shy strangers on the street can slip you love notes and phone numbers without actually interacting with you? Um, no, creepy. On-the-go pen storage? Stop. Called a "lash tab" or "pig snout" (cute), the leather's original intent is to hold extra gear on keychains. That might mean a canteen or tactical flashlight to *outdoorsy types,* or, to you, some tangle-free earbug storage.And just in case your bag somehow missed out on the trend of purposefully "vintage" styling, lash tabs are easy enough to buy and sew on on their own. The more you know 😎. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Marie Claire US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It might even inspire you to hit the gym. Kylie Jenner's partnership with Puma may have started out a bit rocky, but we're officially so here for it. In case you've forgotten, Kylie's brother-in-law, Kanye West, wasn't too pleased with the deal and even tweeted that it definitely wasn't going to happen (which, of course, turned out to be incorrect).Kylie ultimately did sign the reportedly *seven-figure* deal to be the face of Puma. And now, the youngest Kardashian-Jenner is sharing pictures from her latest campaign for the brand on Instagram—and they're fab enough to motivate you to hit the gym. Almost. We're especially into this breathtaking shot that shows off Kylie's insane flexibility. Damn, Ky. From: Marie Claire US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Will you accept this rose (corsage)?There are a lot of reasons to watch The Bachelor: the swoon-worthy dates, gratuitous shots of Nick Viall's abs, the nail-biting drama, Nick Viall's abs, the hilarious girls in the house, etc. But also: the dresses! The cocktail party and rose ceremony dresses are always straight-up gorgeous. As it turns out, they happen to be pretty perfect inspiration for prom. Below are nine dresses and lookalikes (or in some cases, the actual dresses themselves) that deserve a rose. He looking at me like he want a piece of this Carmel ❤️ ha @nickviall #thebachelor #thebachelor21 #bachelorett #jasmineb #253 #rose #love #red #ladyinred #babesofmissguided #reddress #missguided #tunein #abc #january2A post shared by  (God Is Love💞) (@jasmine_channel) on Dec 9, 2016 at 5:48pm PSTGet Jasmine B.'s look:Bardot Maxi Dress Red, $63, Missguided The journey finally begins tonight on ABC 8/7c 🌹💋#TeamJasmine #nickviall #thebachelorA post shared by  Jasmine Goode (@jasminegoode_) on Jan 2, 2017 at 4:22pm PSTGet Jasmine G.'s look:Long Chiffon Dress with Low Criss-Cross Back, $180, David's BridalGet Hailey's look:Air of Romance Burgundy Maxi Dress, $68, Lulu'sGet Lauren's exact dress:Badgley Mischka Sequin Cowl Back Halter Gown, $493, Zappos (also available in brown for $185 at Saks Fifth Avenue) Received my first rose last week!! Tune in tomorrow night to see if I get a second 🌹 #TheBachelor #MondaynightsA post shared by  Whitney Fransway (@whitneyfransway) on Jan 8, 2017 at 12:36pm PSTGet Whitney's look:LULUS x Bariano Ocean of Elegance Wine Red Maxi Dress, $179, Lulu's Tune in tonight to ABC's The Bachelor to watch me go on the weirdest first date of my life 🌹 #thebachelor #abc #dating #vulnerability #connection #teamtaylor #nickviall #tv #bachelornation #bachelorfamily #realityA post shared by  Taylor Nolan (@taymocha) on Jan 2, 2017 at 4:06pm PSTGet Taylor's look:Satin V-Neck Maxi Dress, $48, Forever 21 For those of you asking, this dress I wore during the night portion of last night's group date I got at @forever21 along with the blue dress I wore before the shoot. Thanks for the support! 😊💃🏽🌹 #ihatepants #ihateunderwear #ihatebras #fashion #outfits #style #dressup #slay #confident #feelingmyself #forever21 #affordablefashion #dresses #helpmeimpoor #studentdebt #thebachelor #bachelornation #bachelorfamily #teamtaylorA post shared by  Taylor Nolan (@taymocha) on Jan 10, 2017 at 11:21am PSTGet Taylor's look:Contemporary Floral Wrap Dress, $25, Forever 21 Oh Nick V, you're so fine! You're so fine, you blow my mind! HEY NICK V! So ready to #bringiton #TONIGHT! #thebachelor  BIG ol thank you to @thestylistla for letting me try on EVERYTHING on your day off so I could find #theone for this moment! You're the freakin best, @ekmcdona!!!A post shared by  Sarah Vendal (@sarahvendal) on Jan 2, 2017 at 1:07pm PSTGet Sarah's exact dress:Privacy Please Byron Dress, $75, Stylist LA This is my "I know how to wash a spoon" face. 🥄 #wifeymaterial #thebachelor thanks @scarletclothing for this dress made out of wifey material! 😜A post shared by  Raven Gates (@ravennicolegates) on Jan 17, 2017 at 2:16pm PSTGet Raven's exact dress:Stylestalker Sofala Dress, $112, RevolveHannah Orenstein is the assistant features editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Twitter and Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Tiffany and Ivanka settled on white outfits, with pearls for Tiffany and an American flag pin for Ivanka.Eric opted for a dark suit and red tie.He also accessorized with a flag pin.Donald Jr., meanwhile, went for a gray coat and patterned, light-blue tie.Barron, who is 10, is dressed in a navy coat and dark blue tie.Ivanka surveys the inauguration crowd in her pantsuit.Tiffany, Donald Jr., Ivanka, Donald Jr.'s wife Vanessa Trump, and Ivanka's husband Jared Kushner.Ivanka arrives in Washington, D.C. on Thursday, holding her son Theodore.Tiffany in Trump Tower in New York City the night before the inauguration.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Here for all the shiny metallics. Last year at the People's Choice Awards — the ceremony honoring the year's biggest fan favorites in pop culture — the red carpet saw enough shimmer and sequins to rival a New Year's Eve Party. This time around? The dress code was (mostly) short, short, short. Here, the best looks of the night.From: Marie Claire US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Total Kylie move. It's hard to imagine Kylie Jenner committing any sort of fashion faux pas, considering even when she wears butt-rip jeans she manages to look fierce. But like us all, Ky once committed a mortal fashion sin that's actually pretty hilarious. Turns out, Kylie wasn't immune to the velour Juicy Couture track suit/chunky UGG boot combo that swept the nation way back when. Being Kylie, she put her own spin on the trend, swapping boots with her sis Kendall and matching with her BFF Stassie Karanikolaou. The trio basically put everyone who owns half of a "BEST FRIENDS" necklace to shame.So that's one leopard print boot, one camel boot, one pant leg tucked in, and one untucked. It's basically the 2012 version of Kylie's famous clear bootie/sweatpants look. Apparently the boots were a group fave, because Stassie captioned this throwback "If you guys only knew how much those cheetah shoes meant to us lol #bringjuicyback." No, Stassie. If only you knew how much this TBT means to us. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			WHY MUST THE GOOD DIE YOUNG?!If you thought the 100 Layers Challenge was a waste of perfectly good beauty product, the internet is here to tell you that it can only get worse. Putting their own twist on the viral trend of cutting things in half with a scorching-hot knife, Jeffree Star and his BFF Manny Gutierrez teamed up to destroy a ton of your favorite beauty products.Watch and weep...Makeup junkies all over the world:What is life?Watch the full video here!Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It was an honor just to be ... invited to celebrate. Post-show every A-lister went for over-the-top glam. Here are all the hottest looks. Post-show every A-lister went for over-the-top glam. Here are all the hottest looks. From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Also, look at that snake!Alongside five other top models, Kendall Jenner covers the new issue of V magazine. The covers' theme is body art, as all six of the models featured appear to be going under the needle — the resulting body art presumably isn't the real deal though because, come on, Mama Kris is a cool mom, not a regular mom, but even she'd flip out over this big thigh snake thing Kendall has here. And that's before we find out what she's getting inked on her butt crack!Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Why? Because Kylie.In today's episode of Wonderfully Odd Fashion Choices Made By Kylie Jenner, we'll be exploring her recent vacation style. While on an Instagram trip with her bestie Jordyn Woods, Tyga, and his son King, the Lip Kit entrepreneur showed fans that there's only one real way to glam up an already breathtaking beach pic: matching your choker to your hot af bikini. Oh, and rocking massive diamond studs – but that goes without saying. This is just one of the many adorable vacay looks featured in Kylie's weeklong game of bikini musical chairs – the point of which is to take as many luxurious tropical Instas as you can while sitting on very expensive lawn furniture. You win, Kylie. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Iconic. On New Year's Eve, expectations never quite seem to match up to reality. Even if you do get glammed up in a sparkly dress and hit a mega-cool party with all your friends, deep down inside you'd probably rather just be in your ~comfiest~ pjs when the clock strikes 12.  😂😂😂A post shared by  Seventeen (@seventeen) on Dec 31, 2016 at 8:02am PSTKendall Jenner feels your stay-in-bed tendencies. She took on NYE in the most Kendall outfit ever, ringing in 2017 at the famous Nice Guy club in Los Angeles wearing a plush leopard-print robe over a silky nightie trimmed with black lace (plus stilettos and a diamond choker, of course, because new year, same Kendall). Squadmates Bella Hadid, Jordyn Woods and Hailey Baldwin also came to toast the death of 2016. I🖤U HNY!!!!!🥂A post shared by  Bella (@bellahadid) on Jan 1, 2017 at 10:52pm PST 🦋🦋🦋A post shared by  Bella (@bellahadid) on Jan 1, 2017 at 9:14pm PSTAnd in case you need further proof that PJs are a perfectly acceptable NYE look, check out Jordyn's bedtime-worthy ensemble. 💋A post shared by  HEIR JORDYN (@jordynwoods) on Jan 1, 2017 at 12:24pm PSTGuess we know what 2017's first big trend will be!Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I do NOT own enough sequins for this holiday. 😒Every year, you look forward to New Year's Eve: the possible midnight kiss, the thrilling start of a fresh new year, and, of course, the glamorous NYE outfit you're going to rock. But picking out the perfectly ~sparkly~ outfit takes a basically a whole year of planning. And these are the thoughts that go through everyone's head when they inevitably put it off until an hour before the party.1. I had all year, why did I wait until the last minute to plan my outfit? This happens every year. It's basically a tradition now. 2. Next year's resolution: Start planning New Year's Eve outfit in advance. Like waaaay in advance.3. I do not own enough sequins for this holiday. I have a pair of bedazzled PINK sweatpants. Can't I just wear those?4. I'll have to go buy something to wear... Oh wait, it's New Year's Eve and nothing's open. 😑5. Guess I'll raid my roommate's closet! Okay, this is what I'm talkin' about!6. I cannot do heels from 9 PM until 1 AM. Flats it is!7. Serious question: How much glitter is too much?8. I wonder what kind of 2017 hats they'll have at the party. If they only have those plastic top hats, it's totes going to clash with my outfit...9. Okay, time for makeup. Glitter here, metallic shadow there, more glitter, and then a lot of gloss. 10. OH CRAP I SPILLED. THERE'S GLITTER EVERYWHERE! Good thing it's NYE and this is socially acceptable, because this stuff is never coming off. 11. DAYUM, I LOOK GOOD!Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Surprise: It's as badass as she is.Bella Hadid is making the leap from modeling clothes to designing them — and from what she's revealed so far, her line is looking just as edgy and cool as you'd expect.Earlier this month, the model took to Instagram to announce she was collaborating on a line with Chrome Hearts, captioning a photo of herself wearing one of her designs, "So damn excited! You have no idea what's coming! My new collection with [Chrome Hearts] designed by me, shot by my angel mother [Laurie Lynn Stark]. I CAN'T wait for you all to see what we've made!" Not to leave her fans hanging, however, the 20-year-old decided to share yet another sneak peek of the collaboration to Instagram on Wednesday. In the photos, Bella wears a white, patent leather motorcycle hat with silver hardware, adding that it will also be available in red and black. Perhaps even more exciting, the Instagram account for the collaboration also shared another sneak peek of the line earlier this week, posting a photo of Bella showing some major underboob in a crop top emblazoned with "Fuck You." There's no word yet on an official launch date for the collaboration, so keep a close eye on the @chromehearstxbella Instagram account for more information.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Resolution #1: looking this good. Resolution #1: looking this good. All sparkle errrythang for Swift's NYE performance, and we 100% support it. Lady Gaga, just doing Lady Gaga. Victoria *gets* that a girl can be comfy and glam at the same time. Plus, that hat is everything. Clearly, NYE is quite the formal occasion for Kat. These Karl gloves are a reminder to write "rule a fashion empire" at the top of your New Year's resolutions list. Her massive earrings and textured skirt make for the ultimate NYE OOTD. This outfit is next-level fabulous, but look at her eye makeup! Yasssss! A gold sequin two-piece with bling, confetti, and huge furry coat? Sign me up. Did you expect anything less than this jaw-dropping mesh and lace naked dress for a Kim K NYE?Charli XCX brings down the house in this amazing embellished dress (with slit!) and gloves combo. From: Marie Claire US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It was the sparkliest look of all. 2016 was the year that Kylie Jenner unveiled her famous butt rip jeans, tucked sweat pants into clear plastic booties, and released her own line of self-themed merch – so a pretty big year for Kylie fashion. But her #1 favorite '16 look was the most dazzling of all.She revealed on Instagram that her sparkliest look of the year, the crystal-covered Balmain sheath dress she wore to the Met Gala, was her absolute fave. my favorite 2016 momentA post shared by  Kylie ✨ (@kyliejenner) on Dec 28, 2016 at 8:14pm PSTOf course, her best style moment happened on the most important night of fashion – the night that Gigi Hadid and Zayn Malik were a couple of real-life robots, Selena Gomez wore a bra over her dress, and Taylor Swift went full-on Jenny Humphrey. But even with all that ~fashion~, Kylie's gown still stood out.According to Kylie, this look was equally as painful as it was gorgeous. The rhinestones left a massive scrape on her leg and her strappy metallic heels turned her feet purple. Anything for fashion!Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The pictures are moving! The internet is grand!Forever 21 has upped their e-commerce game with a feature that allows customers to see clothes in motion and in the process has given the Twittersphere some magical throwback vibes: Although Forever 21 hasn't commented on the upgrade, it appears only the most recent additions to the website got the Hogwarts treatment. It may still take some scrolling because not all of the website's pictures come alive, but a deep dive on the site guarantees you'll find the *~enchanted~* ones. À la Harry Potter, the models strut onto the screen, strike a pose, and strut off into an unknown world of fast fashion and ... well, it's unclear what happens after that. Where do the models go!? Platform 9 and 3/4? Forever 21's Harry Potter vibes are likely the work of GIFs — not as magical as, well, magic, but fun AF. For now, Hogwarts remains the only place where pictures come alive to chit chat with you on your way to class. Follow Lee on Twitter.From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			This fall, Kylie Jenner has gone through a style metamorphosis, transforming from just Kim Kardashian's twin to a real street style risk taker in giant furs, corseted T-shirts, bedazzled mini dresses. But Kylie isn't the only one responsible for this New Kylie Jenner look — it came together with the help of her new stylist, Jill Jacobs. "I feel like she's really amped up my look and I get SO excited when we do fittings," Kylie wrote in a post on her website. "She always pulls the coolest stuff."Indeed.Jacobs is beloved Kardashian stylist Monica Rose's former assistant, according to People. She's dressed Kylie for New York Fashion Week and even Halloween — that Christina Aguilera costume was her brain child.From: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			They're probably wearing 2,016 sequins each.In case your invitation to Kris Jenner's annual Christmas party got lost in the mail (it's OK, mine was mysteriously missing, too), the Kardashian-Jenner fam was nice enough to post photos online for us. Obviously, they all looked insanely beautiful, sparkly, and festive. Kylie wore a very casual look, a black sequined skintight jumpsuit, like the kind of thing you'd wear to lounge around the house and binge-watch 14 hours of Netflix. (Please note: this is a joke.) Krismas 🎄A post shared by  Kylie ✨ (@kyliejenner) on Dec 24, 2016 at 8:45pm PST Eve 🎅🏽A post shared by  Kylie ✨ (@kyliejenner) on Dec 24, 2016 at 8:45pm PSTAnd Kendall wore a gold and black sequined mini dress, proving that sequins are really all you need to get into the holiday spirit.  last night with MikeA post shared by  Kendall (@kendalljenner) on Dec 25, 2016 at 8:31am PST y'all didn't know i had pipes?? Merry ChristmasA post shared by  Kendall (@kendalljenner) on Dec 25, 2016 at 8:01am PSTFAM! If you ever want to adopt a 23-year-old writer, let me know.No, I'm serious, let me know.<3Hannah Orenstein is the assistant features editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Twitter and Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Find out who else made the cut.In case you needed any more proof that 2016 was a VERY good year for Bella Hadid, she just won the top honor on the newly released Models.com Model of the Year Industry Awards. The awards–which determine winners with votes from 250 top designers, photographers, hair and makeup artists, and casting directors–also includes a Readers' Choice, which Kendall Jenner won. Last year, Bella didn't even make the list while Kendall was the Readers' Choice Runner-Up after Gigi Hadid (Anna Ewers won the Industry Choice Model of the Year).Some of Bella's 2016 highlights include becoming the new face of Dior Beauty, starring in a Calvin Klein campaign, and joining in her first-ever Victoria's Secret Fashion Show (on top of walking every major runway from Chanel to Marc Jacobs). Here's the full list of which models were voted the biggest in 2016.Gigi also won Industry Choice for Social Media Star.See the full list of winners here.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			These are seriously so cool!You can safety pin the ribbon in place or sew it on for a more secure hold.Loop the ribbon around the toe strap and ankle strap. Tie a bow, or cut and sew the ends of the ribbon together for a sleek, minimalist look.Yellow Off-the-Shoulder Ruffle Dress, REBECCA VALLANCE (Available at Net-A-Porter), $505; Red Grosgrain Ribbon, M&J TRIMMING, $2/yard; Black Sandals, STEVE MADDEN, $90; White Velvet Ribbon, M&J TRIMMING, $4/yard; Blue Crossbody Bag, INC (Available at Macy's), $44Lace the ribbon up the front (or back) of your sweater the same way you would lace a corset. This also works well on T-shirts, although in that case, you will need to cut holes in your shirt before you can lace it up.You can loop it around a few times for a sturdier hold. Tie bows on the ends, by the hardware, or just knot them and cut off the excess.  Pale Pink Sweater, TOPSHOP, $74; Black Grosgrain Ribbon, M&J TRIMMING, $1/yard; Gold Metallic Skirt, TOPSHOP, $75;White Crossbody Bag, INC (Available at Macy's), $35; Blue Velvet Ribbon, M&J Trimming, $3/yard; Cheetah Pumps, JEFFREY CAMPBELL, $155It's a great way to add color and texture to an otherwise monochromatic look. Stick with ribbon that is the same width as the original lacing — it just looks nicer that way. Mix textures in complementary colors for a rich, sophisticated look. Velvet and grosgrain ribbons look nicer on clothes and accessories than satin or other shiny materials.White Lace-Up Minidress, HAUTE HIPPIE (Available at The Outnet), $394; Yellow Velvet Ribbon, M&J TRIMMING, $2/yard; Tan Booties, STEVE MADDEN, $90; Burgundy Velvet Ribbon, M&J Trimming, $4/yard; Gray Crossbody Bag, REBECCA MINKOFF, $175Cut two slits in the top layer of the collar fabric, a couple inches from the front middle of the shirt, then thread the ribbon through like a drawstring on a hoodie. Make sure the ribbon is as wide as the collar you are lacing it through — it will help it lie better.A subtle change in the way you wrap your booties can have a major impact on the overall look of your outfit. Ribbons also look great on printed boots. As long as the boots have a simple shape without any extraneous buckles or straps, you're really only limited by your own creativity. Striped Top, TOPSHOP, $28; Red Grosgrain Ribbon, M&J TRIMMING, $3/yard; Green Suede Skirt, X BY NBD (Available at Revolve), $398; Black Ankle Boots, ALDO, $120; Blue Grosgrain Ribbon, M&J TRIMMING, $2/yardYou need four pieces of ribbon for this one. Take one piece and tie it firmly around your waist, then turn it so the bow is at the back. Take another piece and knot it to the ribbon at your waist, then loop it behind your neck, like a halter, and back down to your waist, knotting the end to the first ribbon. Adjust the positions of the knots so the ribbons lie over your body like suspenders. Cut off any excess ribbon and tuck the ends inside the knots. Finally, take two smaller pieces or ribbon and tie a bow over each of the knots on the front of the dress. To remove the harness, simply untie the bow in the back and lift the halter over your head. You can use a ribbon the same width as the original strap, or go for a more dramatic look with a wider ribbon made of a thin cotton or silk.  Black Strapless Dress, ELIZABETH AND JAMES (Available at The Outnet), $164; White Grosgrain Ribbon, M&J TRIMMING, $1/yard; Pale Pink Velvet Sandals, STEVE MADDEN, $80; Burgundy Grosgrain Ribbon, M&J TRIMMING, $1/yard; Gold Crossbody Bag, REBECCA MINKOFF, $175 You might want to use a small safety pin to keep the cuffs in place. Just thread the ribbon through the loop on the back of the bow and tie it in place, then trim the edges of the ribbon so it's still floppy but doesn't drag on the ground. White Sweater, TOPSHOP, $60; Lavender Velvet Ribbon, M&J TRIMMING, $2/yard; Silver Metallic Skirt, ALICE + OLIVIA (Available at Bloomingdale's), $295; Black Ankle Boots, ALDO, $120; Pink Grosgrain Ribbon, M&J TRIMMING, $2/yard; Blue Metallic Bag, REBECCA MINKOFF, $175It won't actually hold your pants or skirt in place, but it will add a pretty, feminine focal point to your look.Resist the urge to try wrapping the ribbon higher than your ankle. It will never stay put.  Black ACDC T-Shirt, TOPSHOP, $50; Animal Print Skirt, TOPSHOP, $68; Lime Green Grosgrain Ribbon, M&J TRIMMING, $2/yard; Black Strappy Pumps, RAYE (Available at Revolve), $180; Pink Velvet Ribbon, M&J TRIMMING, $2/yardExtra-long tails on your bow will add drama to your look. That way, it will look like the ribbons are attached to the inside of the shoe, instead of having been wrapped around it. Red Cutout Dress, CINQ Á SEPT (Available at Bloomingdale's), $169; Red Grosgrain Ribbon, M&J TRIMMING, $2/yard; Cheetah Pumps, JEFFREY CAMPBELL, $155; Tan Velvet Ribbon, M&J TRIMMING, $3/yard; Rose Gold Crossbody Bag, REBECCA MINKOFF, $175Model: Laney Degrasse at JAG ModelsHair and Makeup: Jackie SeabrookeFollow @Seventeen on Instagram.From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"Being able to create is my favorite thing in the whole world."A singer, actress, style icon, and the most-followed person on Instagram (hello, 104 million), Selena Gomez is the celebrity face a million brands would kill for. Coach just won her over with a new partnership starting fall 2017.  Welcome to the Coach family! @SelenaGomez #SelenaGomezA post shared by  Coach (@coach) on Dec 16, 2016 at 11:31am PSTLike current Coach face Chloë Grace Moretz, Selena is set to star in the brand's ad and social media campaigns as well as team up with the Coach Foundation's Step Up, an organization dedicated to helping girls in underserved communities. While a full line is not in the works (😞), she will be co-designing a piece for next fall with Stuart Vevers, Coach's creative director (😆)."I am so excited to work with Coach and love the clothes and accessories designed by Stuart Vevers," Selena said in a statement. "I am especially looking forward to getting to know the Coach team as well as becoming involved in the foundation's support of Step Up." All revved up and ready to #GoRogue. @SelenaGomez wears the #CoachPreSpring2017 Car Tee and Glovetanned Leather Rogue. #FlashbackFriday #SelenaGomezA post shared by  Coach (@coach) on Dec 16, 2016 at 11:47am PST "The woman I design for is authentic, honest and possesses a romantic charm mixed with a cool, confident attitude," Vevers added. "Selena embodies all of these qualities perfectly–but the fact that she has always loved Coach, and believed so strongly in our philanthropic mission, made her a true Coach Girl."Friday night, Selena expressed her excitement about the partnership on Instagram, returning to the app for the second time since beginning her hiatus in August. "Being able to create is my favorite thing in the whole world. I'm so excited to be a part of the vision and family @coach AND I get the honor to design with @stuartvevers -ahhhhhh."  Being able to create is my favorite thing in the whole world. I'm so excited to be a part of the vision and family @coach AND I get the honor to design with @stuartvevers -ahhhhhhA post shared by  Selena Gomez (@selenagomez) on Dec 16, 2016 at 10:57pm PSTFollow @Seventeen on Instagram for all things Selena! Here's your 2017 prom dress inspo ❤️ #AMAs #selenagomez. Tap the look in he bio to see more of the best looks.A post shared by  Seventeen (@seventeen) on Nov 20, 2016 at 4:56pm PSTFrom: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			In the best way, though. Kendall Jenner wears a lot of out-there ensembles. Remember that time she sported the most confusing pair of chaps ever?! But even she admits some of her choices are super zany. In fact, she named her "craziest" fashions of 2016 in a new post on her website on Thursday."I feel like I've really found my personal style this year," she wrote. "I used to like calling [my signature street style] 'norm core with a twist,' lol. Every once in a while, I like to wear a full head-to-toe statement-making outfit, though!"In her blog, she specifically calls out five of her most eye-catching looks, including, most recently, the skintight, half-sheer jumpsuit and green fur stole she wore on her birthday night. Another getup that made the list was her pink Balmain bustier minidress and fuzzy turtleneck combo from Paris Fashion Week in March, which she wore with vintage-inspired heeled loafers and (who could forget?) a blonde wig. She also called out these sheer pleated palazzo pants from the summer, paired with a fur clutch, a lace bralette, and a knotted graphic crop top. Floral, over-the-knee boots were the focus of her next crazy outfit. She used them to dress up a black miniskirt, a plain white muscle tee, and a nautical-esque necklace. Lastly, she named these embellished Zuhair Murad pants, worn this fall with two Are You Am I tops and a black handbag. Yep, those are all epically crazy, Kendall! But why didn't any of your no-pants outfits make the list?Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Kylie spent $1,221 on her boots? You can get nearly identical ones for $70.Kylie spent $1,221 on her boots? You can get nearly identical ones for $70.Why wear pants when you can warm your legs with really tall, really cozy boots? (Don't actually answer that.) Unfortch, Kylie's Gianvito Rossi boots cost as much as a semester-long meal plan.This thigh-high boot by boohoo has the same luxe texture and super-tall shape of Kylie's outfit-making pair.This year's most versatile boot was the sock boot: a super sleek mid-calf silhouette with a chunky heel, like the Kenneth Cole kind Kendall Jenner rocked back in August.Fall in love with this scary-similar style from ASOS.The casual appeal of white sneaks reigned supreme in 2016. Jordyn Woods wore her Nike pair everywhere, usually with comfy high-waisted jeans.These fun boohoo sneaks get a festive upgrade with metallic stars. Once upon a time, these were considered shower shoes for your dorm's gross communal bathroom. Not anymore. Suddenly they're chic — Rihanna herself designed a furry pair for her collaboration with Puma.These furry Steve Madden slides are basically the same. But cheaper!Whether worn to prom or the red carpet, minimalistic sandals were in heavy rotation this year. Blink and you could miss the teeny-tiny straps on Lucy Hale's Stuart Weitzman pair.Steal Lucy's look for less, thanks to boohoo.These heels are classic for a reason — the silhouette is high-impact, and the clack-clack-clack makes you feel like a total boss. Amandla Stenberg's holographic pair by Christian Louboutin looks simple but packs a serious punch. These Zara heels are basically twins with Amandla's.What's cooler than slipping into a pair of awesome shoes and dashing out the door? Gigi Hadid's Raye mules have no straps, ties, or buckles to speak of — so easy.These ASOS mules are soooo pretty.But straps aren't dead. Far from it. Mary Janes went into turbocharge this year, with multiple straps across the gap. The more, the better — as Rowan Blanchard proves. (Her shoes are similar to these Stuart Weitzman MJs.)How cute are these low-heeled (read: crazy comfy) Zara shoes?Fashion was fit to be tied this year, with lace-up details seen on everything from crop tops to sweatpants. Sabrina Carpenter rocked the trend with these badass booties in December. (Hers are similar to these Kendall + Kylie booties.)Channel Sabrina's look with this pair by boohoo.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Just in case you didn't know, she shops at VS.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Look back at the dresses everyone is still talking about.Sequins, crop tops, and all-over sheer dominated the scene at every celeb-studded event of 2016. But before we enter a new year of unexpected trends and hopefully equally epic style, let's reflect on all the best red carpet fashion moments of 2016.Sequins, crop tops, and all-over sheer dominated the scene at every celeb-studded event of 2016. But before we enter a new year of unexpected trends and hopefully equally epic style, let's reflect on all the best red carpet fashion moments of 2016.Zigi went matchy-matchy in silver-studded ensembles for the Met Gala. Together, they owned the red carpet in a stare-worthy display of robot coupledom. The pop star's two-piece ensemble at the Grammy Awards in February was this one of the *hottest* red carpet looks of the year. It was also the moment we were introduced to Taylor's super short bob – a moment we'll never forget.At the Glamour Woman of the Year celebration in November, Z layered feathery floral sleeves under a prim and proper white dress. When she inevitably takes the throne as Queen of Everything, this will likely be her inauguration outfit. Bella's futuristic sheer-nearly-everywhere gown at the Critics Choice Awards in December is without a doubt the most stunning take on the year's biggest red carpet trend. This woven rainbow dream from the Video Music Awards in August is one of the coolest dresses to bless our vision in 2016. Tbh, Hailee deserves an award for this look alone. At the Vanity Fair Oscars Party in February, Lorde wore a romantic embellished tulle gown that would be most appropriate at a vampire wedding and/or my dreams. Straight up disco ball vibes were dished at iHeartRadio Much Music Video Awards in June, courtesy of LH's glitzy mini dress and matching kitten heels. Queen Ari embodied the 💃 emoji big time at the 2016 Grammys, topping the fiery look with her signature pony and a metallic-y clutch. King Kylie shined bright like a diamond in this dazzling chandelier-meets-disco-ball gown for the Met Gala in May. The partially-naked dress was crafted by her all-time favorite designer, Balmain. Proving that an LBD is the correct outfit choice literally always, Shay M and her chained belt owned the red carpet at the iHeartRadio Much Music Video Awards.Even though Tay was taking a break from music this year, she still dominated every red carpet, earning her two spots on our list. She embraced her very temporary Jenny Humphrey-inspired style at the Met Gala in a silver snake skin-printed mini dress and introduced us to yet another new 'do.Pre red carpet hiatus, Selena was ~all~ about the sequins at the Grammys – literally, they're all over her in this gorgeous strappy gown. Keke brought 👏 it 👏 at the American Music Awards in November in a knitted silver two-piece, Pepto pink fur coat, and '90s-style pink shades. Living for the Rihanna-meets-Paris Hilton vibes. Kenny had her own naked dress moment at the Cannes Film Festival in May. She accessorized with dangly diamond earrings, a slicked-back 'do, and some wonderfully subtle under-boob. "Sparkle sparkle" —Demi's all-sequin mini dress at KIIS FM's Wango Tango in May.At Harper's BAZAAR Celebrates 'ICONS By Carine Roitfeld' event in September, Hailey rocked a nude bodysuit under a beaded long-sleeve naked dress. The whole look can be summed up in one word: GORGE.Per usual, 5H brought the slay to the Video Music Awards in coordinating all-black gowns that featured mesh and endless cut-outs.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			My inspiration: Gigi Hadid.I looooooove lounging in sweats, but I never feel cute enough in them to wear them outside my apartment. I always figured I'd struggle along in my double life for the rest of eternity, like the Hannah Montana of clothing: chic by day, secretly frumpy by night. My daily routine: But then! Then! I saw photos of Gigi Hadid wearing sweats on the streets of New York looking insanely cool.And even though I'm not a world-famous supermodel dating the hottest musician of our generation (are you shocked?), Gigi's style gave me the confidence that maybe — just maybe — I, too, could throw on sweats, head outside to the streets of New York, and look that cool.Sweats are laidback and sporty; I'm high-strung and basically haven't worked out since the final bell rung during my last high school gym class five years ago. They're not the most natural thing for me to feel confident in. But with a few styling tricks and a burning desire to feel comfy AF 24/7, I was prepared to take on a challenge: seven pairs of sweats, seven days to channel my inner Gigi. I kicked off the challenge well within my comfort zone, dressed in a pair of Juicy Couture's finest velour pants. At home, my go-to hibernation outfit is a classic Juicy tracksuit: flared pants and a matching zip-up hoodie. But since I'm trying to look #fashion, I went for the brand's new jogger silhouette (check the skinny fit at the ankles), matching velvet Mary Janes, and a black cashmere sweater with a fur collar. You can tell I'm fancy because I'm wearing lipstick and even did that thing where you wrap a strand of hair around your hair elastic to hide it. The other way you can tell I'm fancy is that I have the word "JUICY" spelled out in blue and gold rhinestones across my butt, just like all fancy people do at all times. Pants, Juicy Couture, $158. Mary Janes, ASOS, $61. Cardigan and camisole, my own.One reason Gigi looks so cool, I think, is because she's committed fully to the look: her sweatshirt matches her sweatpants. With that in mind, I picked out a sweatshirt and joggers in the softest material in the world. Holy moly. When I die, I want to be buried inside these clothes so they become my Ghost Outfit that I can wear until the end of time. If I had worn this outfit with a messy bun and Uggs, I'd look ready for a slumber party — not a bad thing, just not what I'm going for at two o'clock in the afternoon. So instead, I layered a plaid flannel underneath, rolled up the sleeves, and stepped into lip-print pumps. I swiped on red lipstick and layered a gold chain necklace under my collar. Suddenly, I don't look like I'm wearing pajamas — I look like I'm wearing a capital-L Look. I was really digging the preppy vibes of this outfit. Sweatshirt, Abercrombie & Fitch, $29. Sweatpants, Abercrombie & Fitch, $35. Shirt, Lulu's, $48. Necklace and pumps, my own. Continuing the co-ord trend, I spent a day LIVING for these insane polka dot pieces: sweatshirt, joggers, and pumps. This outfit was so comfy, I wound up spending most of my day sitting with my feet up on my chair, spinning around in circles while chatting with my coworkers instead of doing any actual work. The sweats made me feel right at home... maybe a little bit too much at home. Sweatshirt, ASOS, $28. Sweatpants, ASOS, $31. Pumps and choker, my own. After yesterday's daze, I was worried that sweats were sapping my productivity. Maybe I needed "real" pants to focus. But I couldn't give up yet, so I chose a chic pair of light gray joggers and punched them up with a blouse, leather jacket, strappy shoes, and a "feminist AF" clutch. The polished look actually helped me stay on task. Before you ask: no, I did not actually hail a cab to a Very Important Professional Business Meeting (sometimes, you just gotta fake it for the 'gram), but this outfit made me feel like I could! If I wanted to! Here is proof that you can wear sweats to work and still look like a boss. Pants, ASOS, $37. Clutch, Monthly Gift, $9. Jacket, blouse, sunglasses, and shoes, my own. Gigi and I don't have daily heart-to-heart convos (I wish), but I would imagine that one of the reasons she's photographed in sweats so often is because she's actually, you know, working out. Practical! Inspired, I put on the sportiest thing I've ever worn: track pants with the sides unsnapped and high-top sneakers. This is literally the first time I have ever worn sneakers outside gym class. On top, I stuck to the same color palette with a lace-up crop top and a moto jacket. I have to admit, the athleisure got to me. After work, I headed to a dance studio called Broadway Bodies to learn the choreography from the music video for Justin Bieber's "Sorry." I just took off the jacket — the rest of the outfit was perfectly appropriate for working up a sweat and looking like music video backup dancer. Gigi's a genius. Pants, Free People, $88. Sneakers, ASOS, $43. Purse, REED, $40. Jacket and crop top, my own.In my head, I imagined this as the perfect outfit for a casual study date with a cute boy. Instead, I wore it to work alongside my six female coworkers, who are also cute (and tbh, better than any boys I know). I treated the flared sweats like actual flared jeans, pairing them with a cropped turtleneck and a big scarf. Pants, ASOS, $38. Sneakers, ASOS, $23. Turtleneck and scarf, my own. Glasses, borrowed from social media assistant Caelan Hughes. For my final day of the challenge, I wanted to go all out. Is there a limit to how fabulous you can look/feel in sweats? Time to GLAM. UP. I started with ruby-colored silky sweats, then piled on: a graphic sweatshirt to rep my city, a leopard print faux fur coat, leopard print pumps, a metallic headband, a velvet choker, and cranberry lipstick. The minute I was dressed, I had a sudden urge to crash the nearest holiday party. I felt like I'd be the chillest one there — no need to freeze in flimsy tights, no need to deal with an uncomfortably tight dress after a platter of cookies. Pants, ASOS, $30. Sweatshirt, coat, pumps, headband, and choker, writer's own. Not to brag, but I feel victorious. I completed the week-long sweats challenge and felt hella cute the whole time — never frumpy, like I feared. I'm calling it now: "real" pants will never touch my body ever again. Drake's lyric is a classic, but in order to glam up sweats, I'd suggest a tweak: sweatpants, hair loose, chillin' with no makeup (and heels and jewelry) on. Now we're talking.Photographer: Kat WirsingAssistant: Kathryn JonesStylist, writer: Hannah OrensteinHannah Orenstein is a writer at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Twitter and Instagram.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			For those who would rather live in the wizarding world than the actual world. The world of Harry Potter is never going away. Fans who grew up reading the books will always hold a special place in their hearts for The Boy Who Lived. These gifts will remind them just how much they love the magical world. $12 BUY NOW Who doesn't love miniature things? This little cake, like the one that Hagrid baked for Harry on his birthday, can be personalized with your recipient's name. More: Epic Holiday Gifts for Every Level of Fandomfrom $18 BUY NOWThis retro poster for the Yule Ball will look sophisticated on any wall. Only a true fan will really be able to appreciate it. $153 BUY NOW The ultimate Blu-ray set for any fan. Worth every penny (coming from a fan who owns this set), the Hogwarts collection comes in a beautifully bound book, with all eight films, and is LOADED with extra features that will make you wish there were more movies to be released. Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, $24 BUY NOWHarry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, $24 BUY NOWIf you know of a Muggle who has been a Harry Potter fan for awhile, or a young reader who hasn't experienced the wizarding world yet, these beautiful illustrated versions are the perfect gift. Illustrated by Jim Kay, the pages are filled with gorgeous pictures that bring J.K. Rowling's story to life in a new way that needs to be a part of your collection. from $13 BUY NOWFor that sassy friend who is always correcting you.$90 BUY NOWIt's almost as if Mrs. Weasley knitted it for you herself. This replica of the sweater Ron wears in the Sorcerer's Stone would make any Muggle's holiday.$90 BUY NOWSo you and your best friend don't wear the same sweater, one of you can wear Harry's.$22 BUY NOWThis artist's travel posters are perfect for any Potter lover who is decorating their room. Buy one, two, or all three, and you'll receive a downloadable link to print them yourself in any size you want.$15 BUY NOWIt may not be the next Harry Potter book, but it will take you back into the wizarding world Jo Rowling created. Any fan has most likely already seen the film in theaters, but they are definitely going to need a physical copy for their collection. $20 BUY NOW Every time you turn on the light you'll feel like a witch or wizard. $6 BUY NOW Simple and adorable. These cute earrings allow you to show your love for for "The Boy Who Lived" everywhere you go. $40 BUY NOW Only the most powerful wand there ever was. Or if you have a love for another character other than Dumbledore, you can pick from the other 38 character wands they have.$50 BUY NOWYou can never have enough chocolate frogs, because each one comes with a random Famous Witches and Wizards Card. And let's be real, everyone loves some chocolate.$18 BUY NOWThis adorable modern Hedwig print will brighten up any room. Even the cupboard under the staircase. From: BestProducts		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Then for some reason he thought better of it.Justin Bieber could probably pull off anything he wants to — have you seen his bucket hat and bandana usage? But on Saturday, he took fashion and comfort to new levels when he tried to wear a full-on faux-fur blanket as a coat.He stepped out of his car with the throw draped over his shoulder like a kingly cape, and admittedly, it looked kinda good with his monochrome brown outfit. But the blanket wasn't long for the Biebs's world.Moments after disembarking from his vehicle, he must have realized that, oh, he was not only in public, being snapped by photographers, but also about to dine at an L.A. hotspot named Delilah, where, most likely, people were going to be trying to look ~nice~. Once reality set in, Justin switched from his interior design accent piece to a more practical camo jacket, which didn't go as well with the rest of his brown-on-brown ensemble, TBH.So many questions apply here. Was Justin actually sleeping in the car? Does his SUV not have temperature control? Did he come from an hours-long road trip? Is that a keyboard on his car floor? Does anyone else feel irrationally sad for the discarded blanket in the background?Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"Y'all got me trapped cuz I need to make a living."If you don't already know Barbie Ferriera's name, you better learn it quick. Not only is the fashion model absolutely flawless and perpetually slaying, but she's also a body positivity queen who recently sent a reminder to her 370,000+ Instagram followers that stretch marks are totally normal and something we should embrace rather than hide.   mi lil stripes are out here . soothing them with vitamin e oil n noticing how cute my body can be despite lil changes !!!A post shared by  barbie ferreira (@barbieferreira) on Dec 11, 2016 at 10:42pm PSTThe post was an empowering reminder that our "lil stripes" aren't something we should be ashamed of, and Teen Vogue quickly wrote a wonderful article highlighting just how important Barbie's message was for young women, men, and gender non-conforming people everywhere. In response to the article, Barbie has since taken to Instagram yet again with another super empowering message about how hard it is to be body positive in a world that's not — and why we still have so much work to do, especially in the fashion industry.  Thank you @teenvogue for this write up. After I posted the picture of my stretch marks, not even a few hours later I was stood naked at work in front of strangers (super vulnerable position) and got asked what was wrong with my hips.. Pointing at my stretch marks. By a woman. Id be lying through my teeth if I didn't say micro-aggressions like this don't happen on the daily for me in this industry. And like I always do, I choke back the tears and keep going like nothing happened. Grown ass adults commenting on my teenage body needing spanx, bra cutlets to make me look "better" or Photoshopping my body to be "smoother" right in front of me- most of the time by plus clients. This industry is not cute, never has been. I don't want to sell you this idea that all these brands are so body positive when it's so few that actually represent what women look like not just an idealized version of a thick girl (like they try to do to me.) girls are not treated like people in this industry !! At all !! If you think my abuse is bad, ask a runway model who went from a 34 to a 35 inch hip.. They will tell you they flat out get told to starve and that they're looking fat. Shit isn't as pretty as it looks but.. I'm here to infiltrate from the inside. I truly don't know how much we can do as curvy models when we're still thought of as mannequins- just ones who are cursed to only wear peplums and tunics all day to cover our "flawed" bodies n show just our usually thin faces. Anyway, just wanted to rant because I am so privileged to be here but the flaws in this world make me feel like absolute garbage at the sake of getting paid and trying to spread my message. Not only the consumer is being told they're not good enough- even the girls in the pictures are given the same shit. But y'all got me trapped cuz I need to make a living and enjoy tf out of representing curvy girls all over !!! Jokes on me .A post shared by  barbie ferreira (@barbieferreira) on Dec 12, 2016 at 8:15am PST"After I posted the picture of my stretch marks, not even a few hours later I was stood naked at work in front of strangers (super vulnerable position) and got asked what was wrong with my hips ... Pointing at my stretch marks. By a woman," she wrote. "I'd be lying through my teeth if I didn't say micro-aggressions like this don't happen on the daily for me in this industry.""And like I always do, I choke back the tears and keep going like nothing happened," she continued. "Grown a** adults commenting on my teenage body needing Spanx, bra cutlets to make me look 'better,' or Photoshopping my body to be 'smoother' right in front of me — most of the time by plus clients."   HOME ALONE: BERLIN EDITIONA post shared by  barbie ferreira (@barbieferreira) on Dec 10, 2016 at 11:12am PSTThe model went on to point out that even brands that seem body positive aren't quite as accepting as they make themselves out to be."This industry is not cute, never has been," she wrote. "I don't want to sell you this idea that all these brands are so body positive when it's so few that actually represent what women look like not just an idealized version of a thick girl (like they try to do to me)." "Girls are not treated like people in this industry!! At all!!," she continued. "If you think my abuse is bad, ask a runway model who went from a 34 to a 35 inch hip. They will tell you they flat out get told to starve and that they're looking fat. Sh*t isn't as pretty as it looks but ... I'm here to infiltrate from the inside. I truly don't know how much we can do as curvy models when we're still thought of as mannequins — just ones who are cursed to only wear peplums and tunics all day to cover our 'flawed' bodies [and] show just our usually thin faces."  I pull up to castings in the most flagrant outfits n sneakers yet sumhow still out hereA post shared by  barbie ferreira (@barbieferreira) on Dec 1, 2016 at 10:49am PSTShe then finished the post by acknowledging that while she's privileged to get to make her living as a model, it definitely also forces her to face the narrow standards of beauty the world perpetuates on a daily basis."Anyway, just wanted to rant because I am so privileged to be here but the flaws in this world make me feel like absolute garbage at the sake of getting paid and trying to spread my message," she wrote. "Not only the consumer is being told they're not good enough — even the girls in the pictures are given the same sh*t. But y'all got me trapped cuz I need to make a living and enjoy [the f*ck] out of representing curvy girls all over!!! Jokes on me."The fashion world is lucky to have her, TBH.  I'm a scene queen from 2005 now . Dreams do come trueA post shared by  barbie ferreira (@barbieferreira) on Dec 3, 2016 at 10:29am PSTFollow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Take notes, y'all.Take notes, y'all.From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"I never thought in a million years this would happen to me."On Wednesday, Kimberly Houzah was shopping at a Victoria's Secret in Oxford, Alabama, when she suddenly got kicked out — for reasons she say were purely based on the color of her skin. Houzah, who is black, said she had been racially profiled, and returned the next day with a group of protesters.At the store, another black woman had just been caught shoplifting, and Houzah said she and a third black woman were told they had to leave the store. The store manager didn't check their bags or even accuse them of stealing, but still said they had to leave and refused to give them a reason why. None of the women knew each other, but had just been shopping in the same time.Houzah recorded a live video on Facebook as she was getting kicked out of the store. "Because another black female gets caught stealing, me and the other black female here, we have to be affiliated. So we're put out," she said. "I never thought in a million years this would happen to me." Her video has been viewed more than 800,000 times on Facebook. According to WIAT, Houzah went back to the store Thursday, this time with a group of protesters. That time, the manager who kicked her out wasn't working, and the manager on duty apologized. "It was just to let people know, you know, this does happen here," Houzah told the network, "and I mean, we're a very small town and you wouldn't think these kinds of things would happen here." Victoria's Secret apologized in a statement on Facebook, noting that the employee responsible for the profiling no longer works there. "What happened at our store should not have happened and does not represent who we are or what we stand for," the statement reads. "Victoria's Secret is adamant that all customers regardless of race be treated with dignity and respect at all times."Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Don't call it green!The Pantone color of the year has been announced and it is... *drumroll* ... Greenery! (Not to be confused with green, which is all been-there-done-that!)"Greenery bursts forth in 2017 to provide us with the reassurance we yearn for amid a tumultuous asocial and political environment," says Leatrice Eiseman, executive director of the Pantone Color Institute. "Satisfying our growing desire to rejuvenate and revitalize, Greenery symbolizes the reconnection we see with nature, one another and a larger purpose."Defined as "nature's neutral," Greenery "signals consumers to take a deep breath, oxygenate and reinvigorate," according to Pantone's site.So get ready for a lot of neutral, invigorating greenery in 2017.Meanwhile, Kermit's like yeah, duh, been doing this since 1955.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Chokers, velvet, baseball caps, and more: these looks defined the year! Chokers, velvet, baseball caps, and more: these looks defined the year! Bare shoulders feel so flirty and fun — which explains why everyone wore this look all summer (and beyond!). Serayah made a splash by wearing this silhouette with punchy stripes. Google searches for this trend leapt by 238 percent over the past year!The coolest way to top off an outfit this year, as worn by Yara Shahidi. In 2016, Google searches for bombers soared by 235 percent. Velvet, studded, diamond (if you're fancy like Bella Hadid, that is), whatever — if you wore a necklace this year, it was tight around your neck. Google searches for chokers jumped 233 percent from 2015 to 2016!Celebs have worn these hats for years to shield themselves from the paparazzi. This year, we all caught on (and celebs like Keke Palmer brought the look to the red carpet).  This was the year everyone basically decided that thighs were in and knees were out, Taylor Swift included. Sorry, knees.The coziest trend of all time, as worn by Zendaya. (*Prays no one ever gets sick of velvet.*)2016 was the year you could wear track pants outside gym class and call it #fashion. Hailee Steinfeld nailed casual-cool by pairing her Adidas pants with a crop top and sneaks. Chloë Grace Moretz looks straight out of 1996 and 2016 in this photo. A hot alternative to a dress, as worn by Selena Gomez. These add-ons livened up anything — Rowan Blanchard's jacket, your backpack, your jeans — with quirky charm. Comfy and sexy, as Bella Thorne proved. The lace-up detail on Ariel Winter's LBD took it to a whole new (gorgeous) level. Cue your mom asking, "Why do you need to pay for pants that are *already* ruined?" Even though Kendall Jenner and Hailey Baldwin's looks certainly weren't ruined — they're cool.No, really, your Mom was not feeling denim trends this year, like the destroyed hems on Selena Gomez's jeans. Except she might have not minded Gigi Hadid's jeans here, for obvious reasons.The Kardashian-Jenner sisters wore duster coats everywhere this year, like the bright red one Kylie Jenner is rocking here.Athleisure got a flirty twist this year with the inclusion of sheer panels, worn here by Taylor Swift.Does this technically make sense? Maybe not. But does Ariana Grande look twice as cool with her jacket slung in the crook of her arm? Totally.Lucy Hale's high neckline frames her face perfectly. Not just for cowboys! Suede was extra chic in 2016, worn here by Kylie Jenner. In 2016, the bigger the sleeve, the better the look — just look how cute Auli'i Cravalho is here!You probably couldn't get away with wearing this to school (or to the grocery store, or church, or, um, anywhere besides your bedroom), but the no-pants look was real this year. Sofia Richie nailed it.When people did wear pants this year, they sometimes went for '70s-inspired flares, like the ones Demi Lovato wore here. Remember the denim mini you loved in elementary school? It came baaaaack! Kendall Jenner's slightly frayed version was super cute. Whether real (like Willow Smith's) or fake, bedazzled septums were hot this year.What's Ashley Benson laughing at? Oh, just the thought of wearing any other style of shoe in 2016.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Because even beautiful models look awkward AF sometimes. This week, the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show aired, blessing us with some truly magical, giffable runway moments. Here, some of the best GIFs from the night:Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Send this list to your mom ASAP.Still not sure what to ask Santa for? According to everyone on Pinterest, out-of-the-box goodies should be at the top of your Christmas list this year. From intergalactic bling and luxe bomber jackets, to velvet-covered record players – here are all the quirky cool gifts people can't stop pinning.Assorted Marble Phone Cases, $39.95, CasetifyFlamingo Neon Light Small, $22, DormifyPlum & Bow Elephant Tea Mug, $16, Urban OutfittersPalm Beach, $45, S'wellCactus Doodle Delicate Necklace, $9.90, SugarclothGreen Marker, $10, White Rabbit JapanFitbit Alta Fitness Wristband, $129.95, QVCPuma Fierce Metallic High Top Sneaker, $99.95, NordstromCustom Message Plate Ring, $66, ScoutmobKate Spade New York Metro Chalkboard Leather Strap Watch, $195, NordstromUnicorn Light Up Slippers, $39.99, SmokoFRENDS TAYLOR with Benefits Headphones - Gold, $189.99, Amazon; Frends Layla with Benefits BLACK/OILSLICK, $169.99, Amazon; Frends Taylor Rose Gold Headphones, $326.72, AmazonAMBIENTA- The Living Lamp, $270, Sage GreenlifeCrosley X UO Cruiser Velvet Bluetooth Record Player, $99, Urban OutfittersTrüsound Wireless Bluetooth Speaker, Bluetooth Speaker Phone, $49.99, AmazonAdidas Originals Retro Logo Tee, $35, Urban OutfittersAqua Ella Baseball Cap, $29, Ivory EllaFierce Capris, $35, Senita AthleticsMoon and Stars Lariat Necklace, $14, The Typenu CollectiveSigma Beauty Sigma Spa® 2X Brush Cleaning Glove, $39, NordstromKimchi Blue Ruby Smocked Off-The-Shoulder Top, $49, Urban OutfittersUrban Decay Naked 2 Eyeshadow Palette, $54, Macy'sAtomic Satin Bomber Jacket, $67.49, American ThreadsMaggie May Suede Skirt, $35.99, American Threads_Haloscope, $22, Glossier		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Supportive neckwear is the hot new ~thing.~If you're not wearing a choker at this very moment, have you even lived during 2016? According to Forever 21 and their huge assortment of '90s-inspired jewelry, the answer is no. But ye old internet thinks their latest out-there product may have taken the trend too far. On their website, Forever features a nerd-chic Star Wars Baseball Jersey that I kind of want, tbh. But fans noticed something ~off~ about the model's outfit. Her massive choker looks more like a medical device used to support healing neck vertebras than a fashion-y outfit add-on. Unsurprisingly, when the internet got wind of the hefty neckwear, Twitter went crazy. The choker in question isn't currently for sale on the Forever 21 website, so maybe they've already reconsidered the look? Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Chicken wings > Angel wings.It's that time of year again! On Monday, the world finally got to watch the 2016 Victoria's Secret Fashion Show — and it was just as epic and glamorous as ever. Of course, social media was immediately ablaze the second the models hit the runway, and as per always, Twitter approached the event with a killer sense of humor. Here are just some of the funniest tweets about the 2016 VSFS.1. Adriana Lima: "I get sooooo nervous before walking!!"Also Adriana Lima: #VSFashionShow pic.twitter.com/nUMndwlTJ42. Who wore it better? #VSFashionShow pic.twitter.com/BwDpqRdTVu3. I want to work the #VSFashionShow runway wearing chicken wings instead of angel wings.4. You vs the girl they told you not to worry about #VSFashionShow pic.twitter.com/kT0Vl4EF6H5.6. When ur mom is too into the fashion show. @VictoriasSecret #VSFashionShow pic.twitter.com/Q4I1JYhusj7. watching the #VSFashionShow like pic.twitter.com/CgeJhTKthN8. I hope my cause of death is Adriana Lima stomping on my heart in a stiletto while strutting down the runway #VSFashionShow9.When your ex come thru saying he's changed pic.twitter.com/vc9jKktSKq10. Just ordered three large pizzas to watch girls in underwear walk. #VSFashionShow11.12.13. Just walked to my kitchen like #VSFashionShow #VSFS2016 pic.twitter.com/yVAHHqj6NY14. you've also got to love bruno mars for thinking these HEELS would make a difference #VSFashionShow pic.twitter.com/uu7wASayNv15.Yolanda Hadid sitting in the front row like... #VSFashionShow pic.twitter.com/H600J8gxXF16. Bella winning the breakup is even better live. #VSFashionShow pic.twitter.com/eXV86c9B5y17. Mood:#VictoriaSecretFashionShow pic.twitter.com/xQL0FdEpgWFollow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Her long-sleeve lingerie set looked v ~familiar.~There's no doubt Kendall Jenner has a signature look – she loves classic pieces paired with retro glam-rock vibes – but last night when she took the stage at the 2016 Victoria's Secret Fashion Show I actually had flashbacks. Her lacy French maid-inspired set looked nearly identical to the all-over rhinestone look she wore in last year's show – from the random stomach panel all the way down to her strappy heels. Just like in 2015, this year she rocked the runway in an lingerie set under a long-sleeve sheer top with a cut-out midriff. Her panties are virtually identical to last year's design, and the lace-up stilettos look similar as well. Even her signature pose is the same! The only thing that changed between the two outfits was the color palette and the addition of Kendall's first pair of wings (!!!). But honestly, why change perfection? Amiright, Kendall?!Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Proof that she deserved her International Model of the Year award.While the rest of the world was sitting at home waiting to watch her strut her stuff at the 2016 Victoria's Secret Fashion Show, Gigi Hadid was busy claiming the title of International Model of the Year at the Fashion Awards — and the outfit she chose to wear to the Monday event is just further proof of why she deserved to win.From the second she hit the red carpet, Gigi was turning heads in a custom silver Atelier Versace jumpsuit, complete with a wraparound collar and a long, flowing train that made the ensemble look like a gown from behind. Featuring architectural pleats and subtle draping throughout the bosom, along with black fabric lining in the skirt, the jumpsuit/dress hybrid basically made the supermodel look like a fashion-forward space princess.Gigi chose to complete the look with a pair of strappy, silver heels, a high bun, and metallic eyeshadow — and it's pretty hard to imagine another person in the galaxy who could so flawlessly pull off the whole look.Rather than bring her boyfriend Zayn Malik to the event, Gigi instead opted to bring her mother Yolanda Foster, who couldn't have looked more proud of her daughter.Work that silver jumpsuit/dress hybrid, Gigi.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Are you even surprised, tho?Sweats are a life necessity, and the rule applies double when you're going to spend the following day wearing nothing but strappy lingerie and sky-high stilettos. So it comes as no surprise that when it came time to suit up for the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show rehearsal, Gigi Hadid chose to rock a sweatshirt with her first pair of Angel wings. I can't look at this photo or think about all my angelic friends putting their wings on for the first time without getting choked up with tears of pride. My excitement is too real! Catch us out of our rehearsal clothes TOMORROW night on CBS! @victoriassecret #vsfs2016A post shared by  Gigi Hadid (@gigihadid) on Dec 4, 2016 at 4:40pm PSTGigi's totally unexpected fashion move worked surprisingly well. She wore what looks like the coziest hoodie ever crafted by the hands of man, along with high-waist shorts, lace-up heels, and massive feathered wings. The shoes and wings from this pre-show look would go on to become one of the super sexy outfits she wore on the VS runway for the show taping last week. To watch Gigi in action, tune in to CBS tonight at 10 p.m. ET for the full show.Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Casual.Selena Gomez has been laying low for the past three months, after suspending her tour (and her Instagram) to focus on her health. (The singer has been very candid about her struggle with lupus.) On December 2, Selena stepped out for the first time since her hiatus in a pair of $423 Olivia Von Halle pajamas paired with classic black pumps. This isn't the first time, the singer got all Rihanna on us. Selena was snapped in a similar bedroom-inspired ensemble back in 2015.  Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It took over 300 hours to make.Lady Gaga's Victoria's Secret Fashion Show wardrobe was just as impressive as the models'. She wore five flashy looks, from classic VS lingerie to lace Alaïa numbers, but her most expensive ensemble was the one with her glittery black jumpsuit. You can blame the outfit's price on the hat alone — it cost one million dollars. The custom headpiece — a black bejeweled iteration of her signature Joanne accessory — contains 45,700 Swarovski crystals that speckle the body of the hat and fall in 60 hand-beaded streamers. Gladys Tamez Millinery collaborated with Swarovski to create the statement piece, which required a team of 10 craftspeople and took over 300 hours to make, according to WWD. That wasn't Gaga's first time wearing something from the millinery, either. Last month, she wore a white wide-brim style by the label to the American Music Awards, which matched her streamlined Brandon Maxwell suit.  See Gaga's million-dollar hat in action when the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show airs on CBS on Dec. 5th. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Harper's BAZAAR US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			QUEEN.Gigi Hadid's second year at the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show was packed with feathers, tassels, and, yes, a tiny wardrobe malfunction. But the queen of – well, everything, basically – turned 👏 it 👏 out 👏. Here's every single thing she wore before, during, and after. Before the madness began, the VS Angels and supermodels posed in customized bomber jackets, white jeans, and black heels for what's probably the sexiest family portrait of all time.On her way to the show, Gigi took the streets of Paris in comfy gray sweats accessorized with edgy leather details. She came prepared for the inevitable stiletto-based foot trauma in fur-lined Gucci slippers that look like heaven for your toes. Think you've seen it all when it comes to black lace lingerie? Gigi's boobs are here to tell you you're very, very wrong. She slayed in a velvet strapped onesie and matching heels. And when wardrobe trouble struck, homegirl totally owned it. And can we talk about those wings? GORGEOUS!For the second look, Gigi traded her wings for a cape, taking on the runway in what looked like stained-glass fabric. She accessorized her rainbow train with cleavage-length beaded earrings, a tasseled belly chain, and laser-cut over-the-knee boots. For the official Victoria's Secret After-Party, Gigi went head-to-toe gold in a pieced-together Versace dress made of shimmery chain mail. She brought metallic vibes to the whole ensemble, with strappy gold heels and what looked like an entire palette-worth of highlighter. Slay, girl!Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Including her very first set of wings.For the second year in a row, Kendall Jenner totally owned Victoria's Secret's iconic glitter runway, but this time, she donned her very first pair of wings. From ruffled corsets to her silky slip dress, here's every jaw-dropping look Kendall wore before, after, and during the 2016 Victoria's Secret Fashion Show.The days leading up to the show were basically one big supermodel slumber party, equipped with an endless flow of matching outfits and selfie-ready photo props.  we're off!A post shared by  Kendall (@kendalljenner) on Nov 27, 2016 at 5:53am PST Buddy system 🎟💅🏼👅A post shared by  Bella (@bellahadid) on Nov 27, 2016 at 4:57pm PSTThe ladies all got tees and bomber jackets emblazoned with "Victoria's Secret Paris 2016" – you know, just in case anyone lost their official invite.  troubleA post shared by  Kendall (@kendalljenner) on Nov 28, 2016 at 9:22am PSTBecause off-duty model isn't actually a thing, Kendall strutted up to the Paris venue like it was a freaking catwalk. She rocked mesh-toe thigh-high boots, a plush coat, and massive Hater Blockers. Backstage, Kenny got glammed up in the traditional silky VS robe and flip flops. This year, they ditched the white stripes and went for all-pink with black studded lettering.Kendall's first look of the night was the see-through stuff of your lacy Victorian dreams. She wore a long-sleeve corset, with a colossal butt ruffle and barely-there thong, topping the look with her first-ever set of Angel wings (although technically she's not an Angel – yet).Effectively putting her first pair of wings to shame, Kendall took the runway for a second time in a pair of massive technicolor wings made of *actual* dragons. The firecracker look was completed with show-stopper earrings, bracelets, and a necklace, all covered in metallic tassels. Oh, and don't forget the lipstick red lingerie and matching suede boots.It's a proven fact that every time Kendall Jenner impersonates Paris Hilton, an Angel (who also happens to be Kendall) gets her wings, so she showed up to the official after-party in an early 2000s-style Camilla and Marc slip dress worthy of an heiress. Like the post-show event, her neck party was bumpin', with two diamond chokers, a liquid gold strand, and three dainty chains all in attendance.The ~~fashion~~ is real.Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Sexiest red carpet EVER.Sexiest red carpet EVER.The VS models brought the heat both on the runway and off. See how all your favorite Angels ~slayed~ without their wings at the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show after-party. From: Marie Claire US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			From Kendall to Bella to Gigi.From Bella Hadid's big VS debut to Jasmine Tookes in this year's $3 million Fantasy Bra, see what every model wore down the runway at the 2016 Victoria's Secret Fashion Show before it airs on Monday, December 5. From: Harper's BAZAAR US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Step 1: believing that you can re-wear your prom dress.Although she's best known for falling basically every time she's in public, Jennifer Lawrence's red-carpet – or in this case, gray-carpet — style is always on point. Yesterday, she attended an event in Paris for her new movie Passengers looking like she stepped out of a fairytale formal. Even though Jlaw didn't wear that powder-blue butterfly-spangled Dior gown to her actual prom, she served up major style inspo to anyone whose dress is gathering dust in the back of their closet. To make it wearable, just throw on a snug little sweater. To top it off, she added a dainty choker and sparkly stud earrings for understated glam.Dayum that girl can accessorize!Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			That's one unfortunate optical illusion.Selena Gomez was spotted at LAX on Monday in an outfit that basically made it look like she stepped out of the house with no pants on — and not in a Kardashian-approved baggy-shirt-and-over-the-knee-boots sort of way — just full-on naked from the waist down. While Selena was technically nude from the waist down, it wasn't because she forgot to wear bottoms. She was wearing skintight, camel-colored leather leggings, which she paired with her cream sweater, and black ankle booties. She also carried a black tote and wore '60s-era circle shades as she made her way through the terminal.It's actually very similar to an outfit she wore a little over year ago while promoting her album Revival. At the time, her pants gave off the same optical illusion then as they did last night.  Not that it's a bad look or anything. Quite the opposite. Besides, if anyone can make pants-free work, it's Selena. Go on with your bad self, gurl!Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			So many drippy lips.We've still got 11 days until Kylie Jenner's new merch line drops, but because she knows you need to plan your Christmas list ahead of time, she's released the full product lineup. The collection is packed with necessities and obviously, the Kylie Cosmetics logo is on basically everything. Here's every single item you NEED come December 10. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"I feel like I'm here to bust those misconceptions and stereotypes of Muslim women."Halima Aden is flawlessly breaking down barriers in the pageant community: Over the weekend, the 19-year-old made history as the first contestant in the Miss Minnesota USA pageant to wear a hijab throughout the competition and a burkini during the swimsuit round.And needless to say, she looked absolutely stunning. Halima Aden makes history as the first woman to compete wearing a burkini during the Miss Minnesota pageant @StarTribune pic.twitter.com/QEJWToIFC1Halima Aden starts off Miss Minnesota USA's swimsuit segment to big cheers from the crowd. Announcer: "She's making history tonight." pic.twitter.com/OUvbHv6xctThe Somali-American teenager, who was born in a Kenyan refugee camp and moved to America when she was just six years old, ultimately made it to the pageant's semifinals on Sunday. But as she told multiple sources both before and after the pageant was over, despite not winning, she hoped her participation would serve as a reminder that beauty comes in many different forms."A lot of people will look at you and will fail to see your beauty because you're covered up and they're not used to it. So growing up, I just had to work on my people skills and give people a chance to really know me besides the clothing," she said in an interview with KARE-11. "Be who you are. It's easy to feel like you have to blend in, but it takes courage to live your life with conviction and embrace the person that you are." Halima Aden with her top 15 trophy. First person to wear hijab to Miss Minnesota USA pageant. Hear from her tonight on @kare11 pic.twitter.com/1fBRFJkjf3Halima Aden, who made semifinals tonight, does post-pageant interviews while in her evening gown. pic.twitter.com/cuNHvjxVQaEven more importantly, Aden also hoped her participation in the Miss Minnesota USA pageant might help change America's perception of Muslim women, and help fight the rampant Islamophobia taking root in this country. It's worth noting that Aden lives in St. Cloud, Minnesota, which was recently the subject of an episode of This American Life that centered on the city's intense xenophobia. As the episode explains, St. Cloud is home to a large number of Somali refugees — and possibly just as many false misconceptions about Islam and those who believe in it."The people that are doing bad things, they don't represent an entire group," Aden said in an interview with ABC. "I feel like I'm here to bust those misconceptions and stereotypes of Muslim women."Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			An internet divided. The girl who brought you bare butt jeans is back with another super weird, but strangely amazing new trend. Kylie Jenner's latest style obsession is a play on the basic-approved Uggs and sweatpants combo that's been dominating college campuses for years. But being Kylie, she had to put her own spin on it. With anything Kylie does, the internet doesn't know how to feel about it. Some people are obsessed with her over-the-top look.Only @KylieJenner can wear sweats and heels and still slayyyy.While others think she looks totally extra.Not having it that kylie Jenner thinks it's ok to wear adidas joggers with them see through yeezy boots 😷Why is Kylie Jenner wearing tracksuit pants and high heels???Haters gonna hate!Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Even the savviest among us can be swindled from time to time.Even those of us who consider ourselves savvy when it comes to online shopping may be susceptible to the latest round of compelling e-commerce scams flooding the Internet.That's because an array of online retailers based abroad (frequently in China) are advertising eye-poppingly good deals on clothes that are on trend and super cute… according to the photos used to market them.But it turns out — as many recent examples have shown — that the deals are often too good to be true, and those persuasive photos are merely ripoffs from legit retailers.Burned shoppers report a range of problems, such as receiving items way off scale from the size they ordered, waiting months for items to arrive, and discovering the item was unsatisfactory — but finding the return process expensive or impossible. Some even report having their credit card information stolen and used abroad after the purchase.Justin Lavelle, the communications director for online background check platform BeenVerified, says buyers must beware. "There are many overseas clothing companies today offering [what they advertise as] gorgeous and trendy clothes for next to nothing," he says. "They show images of the clothes on models that look amazing. But what you see on their site and what you get are usually two different things — cheap fabrics, unrealistic sizing, and impossible returns and refunds."Lavelle advises shoppers protect themselves by sticking to well-known U.S. companies — and companies with positive reviews. Then, he suggests, familiarize yourself with your chosen company's sizing chart, as well as its return policies, to make sure the window is adequately long to complete a transaction.Jeremy Gin, who is the co-founder and CEO of the review tool SiteJabber, suggests following your gut when small details seem off. "Check all unfamiliar sites for professionalism: Typos, bad grammar and poor design can all be indicators of an online business that will not offer its customers a good experience."Overall, every one of the experts we interviewed echoed the same refrains: "You usually get what you pay for," and "If it seems too good to be true, it probably is."With that being said, here are some companies to steer clear of no matter what. (Of note, several are owned by the same shady and shape-shifting company Shenzhen Globalegrow E-Commerce Co. Ltd., also known as Global Egrow.)Better Business Bureau cites nearly $15,000 in claimed losses from this retailer. On SiteJabber.com, 313 of 460 total reviewers give the company just one star. One reviewer noted, "I have ever before seen quality this poor. Garments were missing hems, sections of fabric were hanging out of seems, sizes were off by a great deal. The garments did not function as clothing on a basic level. Don't even try to return the stuff."This is not a BBB-accredited company, though the bureau registered 235 complaints for it over the last three years. They call the company out for advertising and sales issues, billing and collection problems, delivery issues, warranty problems — but most of all for problems with products (with 177 of the reviewers registering such complaints).Of nearly 1,600 reviews on SiteJabber, nearly 900 give it the lowest possible rating. Among the typical complaints is sizing that's way off scale. "Even though I ordered extra large, the clothes all looked like they were made for ten year old!" one reviewer noted.Better Business Bureau has not accredited this China-based business, and gives it an F rating (yes, on a scale that goes up to A+). The bureau has in fact issued an alert against the company after the bureau tried to contact it in an attempt to develop a report, but the post office returned the mail.SiteJabber reviewers slam this company, with more than 3,000 reviewers giving it a pathetic one-star rating out of five. On Reddit, people talking about the company complain of ill-fitting, poorly made merchandise, and call the whole thing a scam. "I honestly would not even donate these 'clothes' to Goodwill, as they are not only unfashionable, they are not even functional as real clothing," one Redditor wrote. "Paper thin and laughably assembled, their items are the equivalent of something you might win at a roadside carnival."A measly few hundred reviewers on SiteJabber give this company a satisfactory rating; more than 2,000 of 3,000 reviewers give it one star. Choice words from reviews include "trash," "fraud," "ugly," and "thieves."While SiteJabber contains far fewer reviews for this site — 150 compared to several thousand for some of the other businesses on this list — most of those give the lowest rating possible. People cite receiving products that look nothing like the photos on the company's website, constructed shoddily enough to constitute fraud.This is not a BBB-accredited business, though it does receive an F rating from the bureau. Nearly 600 reviewers out of 830 on SiteJabber give it the lowest possible rating, citing issues like "cheap quality" and "refused to resolve an error." Seems like Zaful should be renamed "awful" based on customer experience.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Woman's Day US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			LOL these wings.This year's Victoria's Secret Fashion Show takes place in Paris next week and in the run-up to the show, VS has released a series of teaser clips breaking down all the necessary preparations; it's not just a case of putting on some lacy thongs the morning of, you know!? There's been footage of the design process, the artisans behind the costumes, and even the castings. And the latest video details the model fittings, offering a first look at a number of the outfits that'll feature in the show. They're as sexy and nonsensical as ever: This year's "Fantasy Bra," the "Bright Nights Fantasy Bra" specifically, was designed by Eddie Borgo and costs $3 million. It features 9,000 gemstones — diamonds and emeralds — and, as you can see here, a novelty little padlock clasp.  Fringe for days, y'all.    At various points in the video, producers tell the models they've landed the honor of opening or closing a different part of the show (each VS Fashion Show features six "stories," or sets of lingerie tied together with a tenuous flouncy theme). Devon, above, is giving her best "OMG yay me" face after being told she's opening a runway.    Again, happy because she's opening a runway, not crying because of this strange wing thing happening here.     And also wings that look like gift wrap bows. Good times!Watch the full video of the model fittings below, and please share your best guesses for the collection titles (and/or inspiration points). These sheer silk all black looks on Sara, Taylor, and Elsa are giving me a real "Sexy AHS: Coven" vibe Y/N?Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Straight brow-themed everything! (Please?!)Hold on to your highlighters, ya'll, because James Charles just dropped some major news. Apparently finishing up his senior year of high school, becoming the first ever CoverBoy, and maintaining an Instagram that's pushing 1M isn't keeping him busy enough, because he just announced he has a clothing line in the works, too. Right now his plans are still up in the air, but he took to Twitter to ask his fans their thoughts. what's the max u would pay for the following items 👀sweatshirttshirtbaseball capanswer in order, example; $50, $25, $20I'm thinking about some merch for u guys and the ideas are 💣 it would be good quality but keep in mind this stuff isn't cheap to makeIdc about making a huge profit but I do wanna make sure u guys are getting bomb ass clothes so a super low price tag might not b possibleHopefully this means a collection of straight brow enamel pins, space bun headbands, and tees printed with this amazing throwback pic.  the glow up is.. very real 😬😂 tag a friend who you glowed up with! 💘 ____ I did my first snap tutorial on this look today! make sure you add me (jamescharless) & check it out 😊A post shared by  James Charles (@jamescharles) on Jul 17, 2016 at 8:22pm PDT🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I mean she was right, tho...Back in January, Queen Kylie Jenner accidentally coined what was probably one of the most quotable quotes of our time. She predicted that 2016 would be "like, the year of just realizing stuff" and thought everyone around her would be "just like, realizing things."Unsurprisingly, the internet thought her proclamation was hysterical, and the now-iconic saying became a running joke among Kylie fans. Proving that she can laugh at herself, Kylie's new online store, which launches next month, will feature an epic tee emblazoned with the Kylie-est quote.  This year is just the year of ..A post shared by  Official Kylie Jenner Shop (@thekylieshop) on Nov 22, 2016 at 1:59pm PSTGuess the joke is on all of us, because now that 2016 is almost over, people are finally ~~realizing~~ that Kylie knew what she was talking about all along.Me realizing stuff and realizing Kylie was right about 2016 being the year of realizing stuff pic.twitter.com/DGFmtNycIRme at the start of 2016: wow wtf does kylie even mean by this is the year of realizing stuff?? is she dumb???me now: pic.twitter.com/KpBlPbT2xaKylie was right, this has been the year of realizing stuff pic.twitter.com/vuJXj6JGHRRealizing things, man...Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Hosting the AMAs is a big job that requires multiple outfit changes and, of course, Gigi totally lived up to the challenge. Check out every stunning look she wore on the big night. Hosting the AMAs is a big job that requires multiple outfit changes and, of course, Gigi totally lived up to the challenge. Check out every stunning look she wore on the big night. Gigi opened the night with a flower child-chic naked dress by Roberto Cavalli. The coral lip and glitzy chokers added just the right amount of glam to her breezy red carpet look.This shimmery crimson Versace gown is without a doubt the most stunning thing to hit the 2016 AMAs. Beads, stones, chains – this flirty little number by Julien MacDonald is definitely worthy of the AMAs queen. Looking like some sort of other-worldly glamorous reptile, G slayed in a skin-tight beige Julien MacDonald dress and matching choker. Continuing her night-long game of How Many Ways Can Gigi Wear Cut-Outs and Shoulder Pads, the hostess rocked a textured gown with a major slit and sparkly boob chain.Gigi closed the show with a dazzling bomber jacket-style onesie and the biggest diamond earrings you'll ever lay eyes on. The sheer ensemble showed off her embroidered underwear set and will probz be super comfy for all the after party fun and/or post-show Zayn cuddles.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The red carpet summed up in one emoji: 🔥 The red carpet summed up in one emoji: 🔥		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			If it ain't broke...Everyone remembers the moment Kate Saunders publicly outed Lizzie McGuire as an outfit repeater. It was the moment we all vowed to never rock the same look twice. But Shawn Mendes, an angel sent down from the dazzling depths of heaven above, doesn't abide by the fashion laws of mere mortals/13-year-old bullies, so he showed up to the 2016 American Music Awards red carpet in an outfit that looks v familiar. His leather jacket/shirt/skinnies/boots combo is giving some deja vu, because he wore pretty much the same outfit to last year's AMAs.And to the 2015 MTV Video Music Awards...And to the 2016 MTV EMA's...And to the 2016 iHeartRADIO MuchMusic Video Awards...And to the 2016 People's Choice Awards...Not mad about it, tho. Do you, Shawn, you jacket-clad angel. 😘Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Let the legs take you back.Ariana Grande might be living in a different decade, as evidenced by her spot-on '90s outfit last night. She showed up to a press junket for her upcoming NBC musical, Hairspray Live!, wearing the most throwback duds around: insanely wide-legged denim overalls.Said onesie, had Ariana looking like the lost member of TLC.  The loose-fitting pants were wide enough to look like a maxi skirt, but Ariana did some ~moves~ on the carpet that proved there were in fact two legs to the garment. She paired the flashback ensemble with a cotton bralette, a choker, diamond stud earrings, and sky-high heels. While posing for pictures, Ari goofed off with her castmates, including Kristen Chenoweth, whom she called the "love of my life" on Instagram. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She's got a pretty solid reason.Gigi Hadid is always serving up fashion ~surprises~ when she steps onto the red carpet. Some haterz people weren't crazy about these daring looks, but it turns out, that's exactly what Gigi wants. The runway queen told People recently that whenever she gets dressed, the goal is to get a strong reaction out of her fans.Describing her red carpet style, Gigi said: "I try to go for more like – people are either going to love or hate it. I don't want anyone to feel neutral about what [I] wear."Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The latest launch from Pat McGrath is here.Pat McGrath is one of the world's most famous makeup artists. In fact Anna Wintour (yes, the Anna Wintour) described her as "the most influential makeup artist in the world". So you could say she's kind of a big deal.As well as painting faces, Pat has launched her own makeup line, 'Pat McGrath Labs' and her latest launch literally made us drool. Just look at this silver swatch of holographic shininess.   SILVER LININGS! ⚡️⚡️⚡️ Mix up MAJOR metallic masterpieces using #METALMORPHOSIS005 Kit: Silver combined with Mehron Mixing Liquid for a DIVINE wet-to-dry-liner! From Left to Right: Pigment + Mehron Mixing Liquid, Pigment, and Cream ⚡️⚡️⚡️ AVAILABLE NOVEMBER 15, 2016 on PATMcGRATH.comA post shared by  Pat McGrath (@patmcgrathreal) on Nov 10, 2016 at 8:22am PSTSeriously have you ever seen anything more beautifully hypnotising? Thought not. Forget about my eyes, I want to cover my whole face in this dreamy metallic liquid. Scratch that, I want to swim in it. Can someone please, please make this happen.  IN GOLD WE TRUST! ⚡️⚡️⚡️ Everlastingly entranced by the DIVINE @duckieofficial burning down the mirror in #METALMORPHOSIS005: Everything! ⚡️⚡️⚡️ #InTheMirror #makeupbypatmcgrathA post shared by  Pat McGrath (@patmcgrathreal) on Nov 8, 2016 at 9:14am PSTThe Metalmorphosis 005 Everything Kit contains 4 metallic pigments, 4 metallic creams, a black eyeliner and a mixing liquid for you to transform your metallic pigments. The kit will set you back an eye watering $165 but let's be real, you still want it.  COPPER COUTURE ⚡️⚡️⚡️ Achieve the ULTIMATE in precious metal perfection by dipping an eyeshadow brush in Mehron Mixing Liquid; followed by the pigment in #METALMORPHOSIS005 Kit: Copper! ⚡️⚡️⚡️ AVAILABLE NOVEMBER 15, 2016 on PATMcGRATH.comA post shared by  Pat McGrath (@patmcgrathreal) on Nov 11, 2016 at 4:03pm PSTThe Metamorphosis kits launch on patmcgrath.com on November 15th. But be warned they are usually an instant sell out.Pat, you are killing us.From: Cosmopolitan UK		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			In pantsuits we trust.Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton donned her very last pantsuit of the 2016 election race on November 9. In her concession speech, she pledged to work with president-elect Donald Trump to help better the U.S., a message of cooperation some say was echoed in Clinton's choice of clothing.Instead of a classic red or blue ensemble, Hillary merged the two hues, taking the New York City stage in a charcoal-gray suit with purple lapels and a matching top.Many observers on social media believe that the former Secretary of State chose the color as a show of unity between the red and blue political parties.Hillary in purple --merging of red & blue.  She is gracious in defeat.  Losing isn't fun.  It wasn't fun 2008 or 2012 for GOP either.Clad in purple — bipartisan — @HillaryClinton is amazingly strong and graceful in concession.I love the fact that @HillaryClinton is wearing purple for her concession speech. It symbolizes the unity we need right nowLet's all take it from Hillary's lapels and come together as one. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Here's the evidence.Lip Kit Queens and Matte Metal Lovers, Kylie Cosmetics is dropping some even more amazing products, but this time they've got nothing to do with beauty. Earlier this month, Kylie Jenner announced on her live stream that she's got phone cases in the works. Unfortunately, we might still have a bit of a wait. "I have Kylie Cosmetics phone cases coming soon," she said. "I'm just waiting for the right time to release them because I have a lot of other cool stuff I'm working on. They are so cute!"Thankfully, though, she's given us plenty of sneak peeks on her Instagram.Yesterday, she shared yet another squeal-worthy accessory: a logo baseball cap.And the wondrous surprises don't stop there! But this time, they actually do have something to do with makeup. Behold, a sneak peek into Kylie's very first Kylie Cosmetics store: Per Kylie's norm, everything is coming "soon" – her favorite vague way of telling us our impatience has not yet paid off. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Delicious!Well, this is making me want to become more crafty.Mina Georges, a man who loves to recreate celebrities most iconic looks, busted out the marshmallows and Fruit Loops to make Beyonce's dress at the CMAs.  So I made this Beyoncé dress out of marshmallows and fruit loops 😂👌🏽👑🐝 pic.twitter.com/OrOPLTycZqAnd the result is absolutely delicious — and not just because the dress is made of sweets.  So I made this #Beyonce dress out of marshmallows and Fruit Loops 😍👌🏽 Never felt more fierce in my LIFE! 👸🏽 #minagergesA post shared by  MINA GERGES (مينا) (@itsminagerges) on Nov 4, 2016 at 12:12pm PDTGive me a white sheet and some breakfast cereal and I'm gonna make myself a gown that's fit for a Queen B.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			😒Victoria's Secret will stop sending coupons for free panties, the Washington Post reports.At one time, you couldn't go more than a few weeks without receiving a "free panty," which didn't require an actual purchase, but you've probably noticed that for months, there haven't been any. It turns out the coupons aren't actually good for business, and the company found that about 40 percent of customers who use the coupons don't end up buying anything else in the store. An executive for L Brands, the company that owns Victoria's Secret, told the Washington Post that the panty coupons also cheapen the brand.People have started to notice on social media, and are pretty bummed out:Did Victoria's Secret stop sending free panty coupons ?When the heck did Victoria's Secret stop sending free panty coupons ?¿?i miss when victoria's secret still mailed out free panty coupons :|||||You may still be able to get a "free panty," but with a purchase of, say, a bra or two, which means the panty isn't truly "free."This isn't the only change the lingerie shop has made this year. In April, it announced it would stop selling swimwear, and it also shut down the catalog altogether. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Good Housekeeping US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Every friend group has one.Real talk: if there's one thing you want for Christmas, it's something from this Christmas gift guide full of glorious unicorn themed things, right? RIGHT? ASOSSkinny DipAmazonMe & ZenaFireboxSass & BelleNot On The High StreetNot On The High Street Oh DeerOh DeerPrezzy BoxFirebox Not On The High StreetHobby CraftNot On The High StreetNew LookSkinny DipNot On The High StreetFireboxNot On The High StreetTopshopTopshopLove these.New LookWe'll take three of everything.Soap and GloryFollow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan UK		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Just in time for winter.Celebrities are constantly trying to make new things happen in the fashion world, y'all. Just yesterday, Bella Hadid styled her sneakers like ballerina shoes and it didn't make sense but maybe one day it will. Similarly, there's a conspiracy in Hollywood to make it normal not to wear pants.Pretty much every single person you know has gone to a Kanye West concert wearing just an oversized top and ~nothing else~. This includes T-shirts, sweaters, sweatshirts, and more. It does not include jeans, shorts, leggings, or the like.Kendall Jenner was spotted in this style. Kylie Jenner copied her days later, and Kourtney and Khloe Kardashian have also been seen in baggy sweatshirts and shirts without a pant leg in sight. Obviously, Kim Kardashian rocks this outfit on the regular, albeit with a bit more coverage from her thigh-high Balenciaga boots.Oh, so this is just a Kardashian-Jenner thing, you say. No — no, it isn't! Someone who is not a Kardashian opted for the same style during a Kanye West concert. Jenna Dewan Tatum wore a salmon-colored crew-neck sweatshirt with a pair of see-through lace boots on Tuesday. So there.Oh, OK, you amend. It's a Saint Pablo tour thing, or whatever. Wrong again. Celebs have been spotted all over, at all types of events wearing this look. They do it at home and abroad. In public or not. Will the conspiracy work on the rest of the population? Only time will tell.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The newly minted designer is not here for sexist clothing-shaming.Everyone knows Zendaya is the ultimate fashion chameleon, seamlessly shifting from glam red carpet gowns to edgy/casual street styles. Reaching Z's level of otherworldly chicness seemed unattainable for us mere mortals — until now. Enter Daya By Zendaya, Queen Z's new fashion line she designed with her longtime stylist and friend, Law Roach. At the Daya By Zendaya pop-up shop in New York City (one of three Zendaya will be hosting this weekend), Zendaya talked to Seventeen.com about the inspiration behind her collection, how to know when to splurge (her pieces are all priced between $18-$160), and advice for girls who deal with clothing shaming.The main inspiration was people — what [designer Law and I] saw in the street or what we saw our friends wear. I have an obsession with just watching people and what they're into. That's what we're often inspired by when it comes to our own red carpet looks.I still like to save up and splurge. That's an important thing to do. It's important to know when to take your time and not overspend and overdo things, of course. That's why you get things that can be dressed in a thousand different ways. If you get basics that can be switched and piece it together, that is so important. Get a good jean, a good tee, a good whatever because you can just switch that stuff up and you have like 8,000 different outfits with a few things. I think that's a really cool thing about my line. There are so many sets, but you can literally mix and match everything with everything.The bomber jacket. I wear a lot of bomber jackets on that show. So K.C. would definitely wear this, 120 percent.My character from Spider-Man? She would wear the black hoodie. She's very, very chill. I don't even think she gives two effs about clothes. She could care less. She'd be like: Daya by Zendaya? Yeah, whatever. I just happened to be in a vintage store. Just thought I'd pick it up...Of course, of course. But I think that's part of the evolution of our fashion and our style. If you don't try things and take risks, you don't really grow and figure out what you want. You can't grow and gain confidence from wearing the same thing every day. You have to experiment and that's gonna help your confidence so much when you step out and try things. Just try. Try to try.It depends on the situation — if it has something to do with your school dress code, I think that's something you should bring up to them. With anything, you have to approach from an educational, mature standpoint. So just ranting about it or having an attitude is probably not going to be the solution. I would say write something up. Basically become a little lawyer. Make it a very detailed, educational, intelligent body of work. Give reasons. Type it up, and then hand that in and see if you can get somewhere.I was really inspired by social media — Instagram and Twitter and the function of that and then turning it into something that's my own. As far as the content, I just wanted it to be me. Every day when I'm thinking about something or want to do something, I say, "Hey, can we shoot some stuff?" or "Hey, can you come with me to the grocery store?" or "Hey, can you..." Just so I can share my personality and who I am, and also use it as a platform to do bigger, more important things.Shop Daya by Zendaya here and be the first to get Zendaya: The App by clicking here.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			So much slay.Wednesday's 50th annual Country Music Association Awards ceremony was an epic mash-up of down-home charm and high-fashion style. Everyone from Beyoncé to the Final Five made an appearance — and of course, looked fire af on stage and the red carpet alike.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The Weeknd returns as a performer just in time for her debut.Victoria's Secret has announced the entertainer lineup for its fashion show where Gigi Hadid and more will be walking. Joining them on stage will be Bruno Mars, The Weeknd, and Lady Gaga (!!).The Weeknd did the show last year and is first-time model Bella Hadid's boyfriend. So those two may have a moment…And Mars did the show in 2012.This will be Gaga's first time performing though — and marks the beginning of her series of major performances coming up. She's also singing at the Super Bowl.The show airs December 5 on CBS and will be filmed in Paris. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			No throwin' elbows here.Kylie Jenner arguably won Halloween 2016 when she stepped out in this spot-on costume of Christina Aguilera from her "Dirrty" music video, circa 2002 (an iconic moment in 2000's pop culture). She got everything from the chaps, to the black-and-blond braids to the (fake) lip piercings down. But what did Xtina herself think of the outfit? After word spread of Kylie's accurate "Dirrty" tribute, Aguilera reacted to the 19-year-old's costume last night with nothing but straight praise. She even reposted Jenner's photo on her own Instagram and enthusiastically captioned: "YAASSSSS".....Killin it @kyliejenner yes to dirrty 2016!! Get it girrrl!!! 👏👏☠️😈👻😻💋"Kylie was merely five years old when a then-22-year-old Xtina released the provocative music video, but the teen clearly did her research. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Harper's BAZAAR US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Peak everything. For the most part, 2016 has been bad. Very bad. But 2016 has also brought some good things. The Great Water Bottle Flip of 2016 was good. So good. The fact that a teen dressed as the water bottle that was flipped for his Halloween costume? That's even better.The OG: The costume: What comfort we can take in knowing that future generations can dream so big as to want to be like water bottles one day. God bless.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			They light up and everything! Just as Beauty and the Beast is all about the dress, Cinderella is all about the shoes. I mean, who watching that movie didn't want to flit through the streets in glittering glass slippers (even if the reality is that glass shoes are wildly impractical and would probably turn your feet into ceviche)???Well now, British shoe brand Irregular Choice has partnered with Disney to make all your dreams come true with an insanely magical Cinderella collection.Behold, for example, the Sparkling Slipper, which actually lights up with every step. At £150.00 (about $182), you'd probably need a fairy godmother to make this happen. But, hey, Christmas is coming up, right?You can get it in gold and black as well if that's more your thing. Of course, you don't need heels to feel like a princess. These sparkly flats, running at £125.00 (roughly $152), would get the job done and get you home by midnight. Maybe you want to express yourself in more of a low-key, artistic way? They've got these adorable Lucifer and Gus, Evil Stepsisters, and Evil Stepmother and Cinderella designs for that starting at £110.00 ($134). The prints on these heels (£130.00, so about $158) are straight out of a storybook. And, on November 11, they'll be coming out with the most over-the-top design yet, at a whopping £220 ($268). Mood right now: You can see the entire collection here. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It won't be scary, but it will definitely be ~fierce~.Now's your chance to be Kendall Jenner and Gigi Hadid for the day. Turns out, it's remarkably easy to DIY a Halloween costume of the cover girls.If you're a fan of these two besties, chances are you've already got a crop top, running leggings, and sneakers in your closet. All you need to complete their look is the perfect jacket and purse. Watch the video below and follow the steps to create your own version of their ~famous~ twinning bomber style.  WHAT YOU NEED:HOW TO:1. Weave together the letters "Y" "S" and "L" in a vertical pattern (make sure they overlap a little).2. Hot glue the knockoff designer charm onto the front flap of both bags.3. For Kendall's bag, clip on a pom-pom and a tassel. WHAT YOU NEED:HOW TO:1. Print out the "Yeezus" tour logo on a sheet of computer paper. 2. Trace over the letters on beige-colored felt (you can also freehand it if you're feeling confident!).3. Flip the letters over and apply hot glue.4. Press the felt logo to the black bomber jacket to mimic Kendall's look. 5. Slay. When you're done, grab your BFF and bring the term #SquadGoals to the next level!Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			This is a HUGE deal.The official list of the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show models has been announced. Now there's only one thing to do: wait for the bras. While all the dazzling disco-ball boob holders are wearable pieces of art, nothing compares to the swoon-worthy Fantasy Bra. At each year's show, the multimillion-dollar sparkler is worn by the fairest Angel of them all. This year, Jasmine Tookes will make history as the third woman of color to have the honor. "It is... a milestone for Victoria's Secret to have a woman of color wearing the bra this year because there have only been two in the past & I am so happy to represent that for the brand and women out there," Jasmine wrote in a heartfelt Instagram post on Thursday. "I hope that I can be as much of an inspiration to young girls as these girls were for me. ... This truly means the world to me and it is proof that with hard work, dedication & a positive attitude that you can accomplish anything you want in your life."Watch her get the amazing news and try not to tear up. Words can not express my excitement for this day. I have been waiting 5 months to share this amazing news with you! As a little girl every year I would sit and watch the vsfs and would always say to myself and my family one day I will be up there. I worked my ass off to be able to accomplish that goal and that dream came true 5 years ago. Never in a million years did I imagine myself wearing a 3 million dollar fantasy bra. It blows my mind that I am joining a list of women(Tyra, Gisele & Heidi) who I have looked up to my whole life and it is truly an honor to follow in their footsteps. It is also a milestone for Victoria's Secret to have a woman of color wearing the bra this year because there have only been two in the past & I am so happy to represent that for the brand and women out there. I hope that I can be as much of an inspiration to young girls as these girls were for me. Every time I see this video I begin to cry... this truly means the world to me and it is proof that with hard work, dedication & a positive attitude that you can accomplish anything you want in your life. @ed_razek I don't know how many more times I can thank you but I'm going to be saying it again and again for a very long time☺️ THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU.. You have made my childhood dreams come true over and over again. I still pinch myself everyday!!!! The day this was announced you really got me 🙈  I was so overwhelmed with emotion and love from my whole VS family. I love you all so much!!! Also, a huge thank you to all my girls and @imgmodels @sbermood For being the most supportive and loving people out there. I couldn't do this without you all!! Thanks again to @ed_razek, Monica Mitro & everyone at Victoria's Secret for giving me your constant support!!!!A post shared by  Jasmine Tookes (@jastookes) on Oct 26, 2016 at 11:59am PDT ....continued 💙A post shared by  Jasmine Tookes (@jastookes) on Oct 26, 2016 at 12:07pm PDTEven though Jasmine just became an Angel last year, it's not surprising that she was chosen to wear the $3 million piece – just look at her! It's obviously her ~destiny~ to bless this bra with her flawless cleavage. This year's Fantasy is covered in 9,000 diamonds and emeralds, and will be the first worn by a woman of color since 2007, when Selita Ebanks rocked her Fantasy Bra on the runway. OG Angel Tyra Banks was the first ever WOC to wear a Fantasy, in the 2004 show. Last year, Maria Borges became the first V.S. model to wear natural hair on the runway, so hopefully this year's first-ever Paris show will include even more strides for black women.Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She responds to the controversy a recent photo shoot sparked.After Kendall Jenner did a ballet-themed shoot for last month's Vogue España, she found herself the subject of intense ballet-world outrage. Dancers took offense at her dancing in pointe shoes and questioned why a real ballerina couldn't have been used in the shoot. Ballet dancers don't train 40+ hours a week to be represented by Kendall Jenner and her fish feet... Also she is going to hurt herself pic.twitter.com/wLCmTDinTJSome dancers spoke out in Kendall's defense. Some of Twitter turned the drama into a joke. It all made national headlines. Idk why everyone's hating on Kendall Jenner for the ballet vogue shoot.. it obviously wasn't her idea and she was just doing her jobKendall addressed the drama today in a blog post on her app. "It's so funny that people are getting pregnant and married — or having crazy drama — but my drama is ballerinas being upset at me!" she writes. "With my Vogue Spain shoot, I didn't even know I was going to be a ballerina until I went into hair and makeup." She doesn't get the anger. "It confuses me how people can get that upset when there are so many important things going on in the world. But, it's obviously not going to stop me from working hard and being me." Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			From the Angels to the first-timers. It's that time of year again! The 2016 Victoria's Secret Fashion Show is just around the corner — and based on the details released so far, it's guaranteed to be one of the biggest and craziest shows yet. To help get you ready for this super sexy and fun event, here's a list of all the models who have confirmed they will be walking the runway in Paris this December.From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"I'm happy with it. I think."Bella Hadid's casting in this year's Victoria's Secret Fashion Show was confirmed yesterday — and then, VS released footage of the runway walk that earned Hadid her angel wings. Hadid herself said in an interview after her audition that she had no clue how it went. "I kind of feel like I black out when I go in there. I'm just like I'm in my underwear, this is fun," she said, visibly nervous. "But I'm happy with it, I think. I hope they're happy…"And that they were. The Victoria's Secret Fashion Show airs December 5. Hadid will be going over to Paris to walk in it with her sister/second-time Angel Gigi Hadid.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Crushed velvet FTW.How do you dress for the holidays if you don't want to resemble a tinsel ornament or, well, Santa? If you're Kendall and Kylie Jenner, it's all about the velvety slip dresses, silk, and suede, which is why their new holiday collection for PacSun is a breath of fresh air. The sisters looked to the '70s and '90s as inspiration for the line — launching in-store and online tomorrow — but you can preview 19 of their most covetable winter wish list items ahead. Available at pacsun.com/content/kendall-kylieAvailable at pacsun.com/content/kendall-kylieAvailable at pacsun.com/content/kendall-kylieAvailable at pacsun.com/content/kendall-kylieAvailable at pacsun.com/content/kendall-kylieAvailable at pacsun.com/content/kendall-kylieAvailable at pacsun.com/content/kendall-kylieAvailable at pacsun.com/content/kendall-kylieAvailable at pacsun.com/content/kendall-kylieAvailable at pacsun.com/content/kendall-kylieAvailable at pacsun.com/content/kendall-kylieAvailable at pacsun.com/content/kendall-kylieAvailable at pacsun.com/content/kendall-kylieAvailable at pacsun.com/content/kendall-kylieAvailable at pacsun.com/content/kendall-kylieAvailable at pacsun.com/content/kendall-kylieAvailable at pacsun.com/content/kendall-kylieAvailable at pacsun.com/content/kendall-kylieAvailable at pacsun.com/content/kendall-kylieFrom: Marie Claire US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Now the question is: Will she hit the catwalk with Gigi? Big sister Gigi walked in the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show last year, realizing one of the biggest dreams of her life, and now Bella Hadid can say she's joined the ranks. Victoria's Secret staffer Jen Waldman announced on Instagram Tuesday that 20-year-old Bella had "made the fashion show cut."Victoria's Secret hasn't officially confirmed that Gigi will be walking again this year, but it's highly unlikely she won't. That means Gigi and Bella will be hitting the catwalk together! Sister goals! Bella was spotted outside the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show casting callbacks Tuesday in New York. Look who nailed that second-round meeting!Millions tune in to the televised fashion show, which will tape this year in Paris and air on Dec. 5. If you don't know Bella by now, you'll be very familiar with her soon.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Wear Abercrombie moose logo —> become insanely popular —> Ryan will ask you to the spring fling.We cannot begin to have a productive conversation about Abercrombie & Fitch without first discussing THE SCENT.Close your eyes. Breathe. You still smell that, right? Kind of sexy/musty/heavy? Like what you imagined the hottest boy in eighth grade's abs felt like? Yeah, that.She couldn't stand the aroma or the low lighting or the bumpin' beats. But she wasn't about to let you run wild with her credit card — not when you could get the same tank top at Target for a third of the price and you were plotting to buy two so you could layer them just right. So she came in with you. And she definitely wasn't happy about it.They were there to entice you. But you couldn't make even make eye contact.Middle school logic: Wear the Abercrombie moose logo —> become insanely popular —> Ryan will ask you to the eighth grade spring fling. (Weirdly enough, this didn't happen. Is it too late for a refund on that embroidered polo?)Not because you particularly cared about butts, but because you wanted to see what jeans everyone was wearing. A&F's signature curved stitching on the back pockets was the ultimate early-2000s status symbol. (Now, via eBay, it can be yours for literal pocket change.)When you went to the dressing room, you wiggled your feet through both leg holes, seized the belt loops with your fingers, and actually jumped a foot off the ground just to get the denim up past your knees. And let's not even talk about yanking off their skinnies. That was a whole process. Three hours of babysitting your neighbor's unruly kids could get you a flimsy lace cami that would start to unravel in the wash after two wears. Score! Nevertheless: You knew that while money might not buy you happiness, it could buy you a cute graphic tee. Back then, that was basically the same thing.The stores might have sold nearly identical clothing, but they had two totally different identities. Did you want to be an East Coast prep or a California surfer girl? Scotch-taping a shirtless Abercrombie guy over your bed = "decorating."Hannah Orenstein is a writer at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Twitter and Instagram.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Aw, 2006 T-Swift!It's hard to imagine that it's already been 10 years since Taylor Swift released her self-titled debut album, but it's safe to say the music world hasn't been the same ever since.In honor of this major milestone event, T-Swift took to Instagram on Monday to share an adorable throwback photo of her strumming a guitar in a very early-'00s outfit, along with a message of thanks to her fans for their support over the years."I couldn't be more grateful today, thinking back on how much fun we've had and how you've encouraged me to change and grow," she wrote. "It's been such an adventure, guys. Thank you for all of it."Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The tees are very similar."I feel like pizza," is a saying we all use on a weekly daily basis. Popular Instagram page and clothing brand @h0tgirlseatingpizza even turned the life motto into a super cute tee, inspired by Kanye West's "I Feel Like Pablo" shirt. Hot Girls Eating Pizza's tee is exclusively available at Depop for $50, but the brand noticed another company selling an almost identical version of their parodied shirt for $8.90, Nylon reports. Hot Girls Eating Pizza's Instagram account even posted a photo of Forever 21's similar shirt, noting the similarities to the design they shared back in June.  Does it count if it's a parody of a parody? 🤔🤔🤔A post shared by  HOT GIRLS EATING PIZZA (@hotgirlseatingpizza) on Oct 18, 2016 at 8:48pm PDT It's not Gildan and it can be yours. Super limited run. Exclusively on @depop - username @lifeofhgep 🍕A post shared by  HOT GIRLS EATING PIZZA (@hotgirlseatingpizza) on Aug 31, 2016 at 9:23am PDTFounder and designer Marta Freedman told Seventeen.com that even though her tee was meant to mimic Kanye's, she still believes Forever 21 should have created their own version. "I think it's important to note the difference between an independent artist parodying one of the biggest and most successful artists in the world on a small scale as tribute, and a major fast fashion company stealing that parody to capitalize on a massive level because they can," she explained. "My t-shirt was made as a nod to Kanye, Forever 21's shirt was made to make money."Of course, the whole thing could be an accident, considering only one word has been changed from Kanye's popular Saint Pablo Tour merch. However, this isn't the first time Forever has been blasted by smaller brands for look-alike products. In August, another inde brand called Sporty and Rich also claimed the big-name retailer stole their Smart & Pretty hoodie style. Forever 21 has not yet responded to Seventeen.com's request for comments. This post has been updated to include Marta Freedman's comments.Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Très chic! 🗼🗼🗼This year's Victoria's Secret Fashion Show is moving to Paris, marking the first time it has ever taken place in the French capital. This year's show will be aired on December 5th in more than 190 countries."The all-star line-up of Victoria's Secret Angels will include returning favorites Adriana Lima, Alessandra Ambrosio, Lily Aldridge, Elsa Hosk, Jasmine Tookes, Josephine Skriver, Lais Ribeiro, Martha Hunt, Romee Strijd, Sara Sampaio, Stella Maxwell, and Taylor Hill, as well as new faces," read a press release from the lingerie label. Two notable regular Angels missing from the list include Candice Swanepoel and Behati Prinsloo, who both recently welcomed their first children. Previous shows have also featured guest models in the form of Cara Delevingne, Kendall Jenner, Gigi Hadid and co.This year's musical performances will be announced at a later date. Previous acts include Taylor Swift, Justin Bieber, and Rihanna. From: Harper's BAZAAR UK		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Your ear is the galaxy and your earrings are the stars. If you're like me and you only got your ears pierced once (at Claire's at the mall when you were 6), then picking out which one pair of earrings to wear each day is pretty mundane. For some people, one earring is enough, but for others, that's so boring! And choosing one pair is honestly such a hard decision to make when so many cute earrings exist in the world. Which is why I got all too excited when I stumbled upon an interview on Refinery 29 with L.A.-based piercer Brian Keith Thompson about this ear piercing trend inspired by constellations. Much like star patterns, the piercings are made in groups of three or more on the earlobe or cartilage and then worn with dainty earrings or studs. "Right now, I am really into doing something big paired with something dainty," Thompson explained. "Like a planet and a couple of moons." Although not exactly new, this particular style of piercing (whether done intentionally or as a way to fix a wonky, off-center piercing by adding a few others) is really catching on right now because it's so freaking cool.  Maybe it's time I rethink my lone piercing...Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			 People are loving the inclusive approach to "nude." A Muslim blogger from the UK is making headlines for her new range of inclusive hijabs. Habiba Da Silva's Skin, a range of hijabs for men and women, comes in a variety of skin tones and has been so popular it has already sold out.Habiba told Buzzfeed News that the idea behind the range is one of marriage, breaking boundaries, and bonding different people from different cultures."I wanted to do something where everybody was [included] and I wanted to showcase different people together," she said. "I wanted to break the barrier of having too many companies who just used lighter-skin models."While Skin's hijabs are priced at $24, which some people have commented is far too high, Habiba told Buzzfeed that the quality and work that has gone into them makes the price justified.She said: "I have put so much [investment] and effort into … this. I literally can't go anywhere else with the price."Habiba is working on getting more stock out there so more people can purchase her popular hijabs and plans on introducing more products and colors to the line in time.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan UK		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Nasty Woman lives.The most viral moment from Wednesday's 93-minute final presidential debate was when Republican candidate Donald Trump called Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton a "nasty woman." The internet went berserk, with women everywhere quick to take ownership of the insult and label themselves "nasty."The phrase was instantly connected with the clothing brand Nasty Gal and team NG embraced it with open arms.  Collab anyone? #nastywoman #imwithherA post shared by  Nasty Gal (@nastygal) on Oct 19, 2016 at 9:35pm PDT She lives. #nastywomanA post shared by  Sophia Amoruso (@sophiaamoruso) on Oct 20, 2016 at 12:48pm PDT @hillaryclinton x @nastygal collab DONE #nastywomanA post shared by  Sophia Amoruso (@sophiaamoruso) on Oct 19, 2016 at 7:38pm PDTJust two days after the debate, Sophia Amoruso, Nasty Gal founder and OG #Girlboss, announced a special piece of Hillary Clinton merch — a canvas tote with a goth-style HRC on the front and, of course, the phrase "nasty woman" stamped on the back. Coming soon to @nastygal #nastywoman all profits will go to @plannedparenthoodA post shared by  Sophia Amoruso (@sophiaamoruso) on Oct 20, 2016 at 4:27pm PDTSophia decided to take on the diss as an act of empowerment, she explained to Seventeen.com. "It's a huge moment for women and for our brand – we've been reclaiming nasty for a decade but now our entire nation has. To celebrate, we designed this tote and tee shirt. All profits will be donated to Planned Parenthood."The merch isn't online yet, but when the bag drops it will be $25. T-shirts will also be available for $48.Stay nasty, ladies.Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			They ruled their fictional school hallways with major sass and kickass style.They ruled their fictional school hallways with major sass and kickass style.Between Jenny, Blair, Serena, and the MET steps girls, there's enough OOTD inspo for an entire semester-worth of looks. GG style is perf for spicing up your school uniform or owning that Upper East Side-chic weekend style.You can't talk about classroom fashion without mentioning Cher and Dionne. Seriously, name a more iconic duo. I'll wait... Their old-school plaid skirt-suits are still 100% worth copying. The Awkward ladies keep it real with cute outfits that aren't overdone, so stealing their style won't even require a trip to the mall. Tamara is always layering out-there accessories and Jenna loves laid-back parings. Dupe their looks with stuff already in your closet.You may have forgotten about this Lindsay Lohan classic, but it served up style in every 👏 single 👏 scene 👏. Lola basically predicted 2016's top trends with her epic graphic tees, vintage chokers, and patched jackets. How did the kids at William McKinley High have time to hone their vocal chords, deal with all the drama, and still pick out super cute outfits? Their class time wardrobe or even their fun performance costumes all get an A+ on the style front. Everyone can learn a thing or two about sweet girl fashion from Rory. Watch later seasons of Gilmore Girls to watch how Rory transforms her style, but still manages to look cute and effortless while casually getting a degree from an Ivy League university. NBD.Let's be honest, half of the reason why you tune into PLL every week is for the liar's totally unrealistic (ex: heels to class), but completely amazing (ex: Aria's jewelry collection) style. Each liar has her own unique vibe, but they always look amazing – even when running from like a hundred serial killers. If you're sporty like Bridget, edgy like Tibby, classic like Lena, or colorful like Carmen, Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants has inspo every girl can steal.Check your school's dress code before looking to Mean Girls for inspiration, but if short skirts and tank tops are OK, then let Regina and Cady rule your wardrobe. (Maybe ditch the heels for comfort reasons.) And remember: on Wednesday we wear pink.We all wish we could dress like the Chanels 24/7, but unfortunately, we can't all be Emma Roberts. Add some faux fur and pastels to your look to give it a Chanel-feel. If you're trying to play it more casual, take a look at Zayday or Grace, who are always looking stylish yet low-key. There are a lot of things that you can learn from Elle Woods, one of the most important being how to have a lot of fun with color. And carry a 5 lb. dog like it's a handbag.Hillary's outfits were a little too preppy, with her eternal love for shoulder pads, but Ashley hit the '90s sweet spot. I mean, mom jeans and chokers — so on-trend!Get inspired by Mia's dramatic makeover in The Princess Diaries and reinvent your style with some of the princess's class. Even in a uniform she looks like royalty. That '70s Show is set over 40 years ago, but '70s style is totally getting a revival. Binge the hilarious show; then grab your bell-bottom jeans and floral dresses to score a super stylish retro look. One Tree Hill provides nine whole seasons of early 2000s fashion, courtesy of Peyton, Brooke, and Haley. You definitely won't run out of options. While you may not want to copy Molly Ringwald's totally '80s outfits completely, take note of the mixed prints and punk-y edge Andie always works into her look. Watch Teen Wolf to steal some game from the students of Beacon Hills High School. Lydia always manages to look adorable, but if you're looking for a more laid-back vibe, keep your eyes peeled for Malia's weekly outfits. D.J. and Stephanie had it going on. Overall dresses and sweaters and plaid skirts? All totally hot rn. Thank god they remade 90210, because the original series had non-stop drama, but the reboot offers much more wearable styles for 2016. Every episode is full of girls rocking sundresses, adorable accessories you'll drool over.Check out all of the fun styles from Victorious while reminiscing about little redheaded Ariana (so cute!).Lizzie McGuire will always be one of our favorite show from the early 2000s. Lizzie is the queen of pop-y outfits and Miranda shows us how to totally work rocker style with a hint of girly flair. Maybe skip out on the butterfly clips, though. Don't you wish you could just wave your wand and steal baby Selena's WWP closet? Cute, girly, and totally fun.Who would have though a green leather skirt would look so cute? Amy, of course. These girls have some pretty great looks throughout five seasons of Secret Life. No dress code drama here! Mariana and Callie are always simple, cute, and def school appropriate. HSM isn't technically a TV show, but you just can't leave these stylist ladies out. Whether your preppy, dramatic or over-the-top girly (*cough* Sharpay *cough*), the HSM girls have some outfits for you.Whether they're dead or alive, the girls of Mystic Falls are always looking maj trendy.It was extremely disappointing when The Carrie Diaries was canceled, if only for the sudden lack of style on our televisions. Just like her older self, baby Carrie's got the fashion game on lock.While Sonny with a Chance seems like it went of the air ages ago (look at Demi!), Sonny and Tawni's style is still super cute. A bold top with jeans or a flippy skirt is always a great look for school. Let's be honest, we all wish we could raid Riley and Maya's closets. If you're ever feeling stuck in a fashion rut just turn on the TV and steal some looks from these two stylish girls. Whether you're Team Miley or Team Hannah, this Disney Channel original has some adorbs looks you should copy. From girly rockstar to edgy glam, this show has you covered. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Don't act like you're surprised.Nothing — I repeat, nothing — can kill Zendaya's red carpet swag. Whether it's rocking a polarizing mullet or a pair of high heel shoes that she literally can't walk in, Z makes slaying every fashion risk look effortless.Take Z's outfit at WE Day Toronto on Wednesday. She essentially wore an oversized grey sweater that looked like it had been stuffed through a paper shredder with a pair of black boots. In theory, it sounds awful. But in practice (and on Zendaya) it looked absolutely STUNNING.She showed up on the carpet and posed defiantly, as if to say, "Yes, I'm wearing a shredded sweater. Is there a problem?"It's like she knew, in that moment, she started the next big thing.Seriously, how can a shredded sweater look this good?!Slay, Z. Slaaaaaaay.FACT: Zendaya can do NO WRONG.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You're probably putting your bra on wrong...Despite having to put one on almost every day, the chances are that we're putting our bras on wrong. Now, we know what you're thinking; since when is there a right way to put on a bra? But according to Bustle who spoke to a lingerie expert on the subject, we could all do with being a bit more clued up about our underwear and the effect it can have on our health.We all should be employing the "scoop and swoop" method when getting dressed in the mornings. The basic method is as follows:1. Loosen the straps before you put on the bra.2. Place the bra on the right hook — this should start on the loosest and move up the older the bra gets.3. Tighten the straps.4. Scoop up each breast by placing your hands inside the cups and lifting up and out.The idea with this method is that the underwire sits properly at the bottom base of the breast, giving it the support and shape that is required. If the breasts are placed incorrectly in the cups of the bra, it won't be able to do its job and could even mean they are pushed downwards and compressed.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan UK		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Will the real Kylie Jenner please stand up?Kylie Jenner: style icon and Halloween-inspo to girls everywhere. These top notch Kylie costumes are so spot-on, they would honestly confuse Tyga. So grab your colorful wig, a snapback, and a monochromatic outfit and you'll look Ky-tastic!All-suede-everything is a classic Kylie look. Add a "fine, you can take ONE more photo" look to your face, and you are ready to hit the town.This casual Kylie outfit can be put together from items you already own. Just add a blue wig, leather snapback, and liquid lipstick, and you're going to have to stop to sign autographs. This Kylie Coachella-inspired look includes coffin shaped nails, rainbow braids, and her classic Calvin Kleins. Embrace your inner Backstreet Boy with this all-white Kylie look, featuring her iconic "DAD" hat. This neutral Kylie look includes her, "I'm walking to the car, please stop bothering me" attitude, which is essential to channeling ~Kylie vibes.~This Tyga + Kylie couple's costume is an innovative way of  dressing up as one of the most high-profile couples of 2016, while not spending a dime on a costume you'll only wear once.The ultimate bestie costume idea — just find the tallest girl in your squad with an affinity for black clothes (and, perhaps, Harry Styles) and you're set.Adding a Kylie lip kit (or even a dupe) is the perfect finishing touch to your makeup look. Bonus points for extra long matching nails.This look is a classic example of taking inspiration from Kylie but making it your own. Yeah sure, Kylie's wig was straight, but if you look flossy with some major blue curls, own it (especially if that's the only wig you can find at the Halloween store).Last but certainly not least, Instagram star @Gabrielabandy looks so much like Kylie it's actually scary. Just take a look at this selfie.  		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Three years later, she's still loving the dress.In May 2013, Gigi Hadid went to senior prom. She wore a short red Hervé Léger dress with her hair down:“@bellahadid: prom 2013 @GiGiHadid @YolandaHFoster @officialdfoster http://t.co/NTE4cmFChB” ❤Love my girls #promnightIt was a look that she will never regret, telling W Magazine in an interview this month, "My senior year, I wore a red Herve Leger dress. Not the normal bandage, it was the one where they had the short sleeves and a beautiful braided neckline and stuff. I loved it. It was red, bright red and short. In Malibu, we wear short dresses to prom because we live at the beach. The long dress thing gets a little in your way in the sand and stuff."P R O M 2 0 1 3 pic.twitter.com/vbXzEQUhsfChic.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			That's why her tees are so big: They're full of ~secrets~.On her never-ending slay parade, Kylie Jenner has officially done the impossible: turned a five-sizes-too-big T-shirt into a wardrobe necessity. Until now, we thought wearing an enormous tee meant drowning in fabric, but Kylie has found the secrets to 👏 totally 👏 owning 👏 it 👏. Here we present the complete taxonomy of Ky's T-shirt looks, which are surprisingly easy to pull off once you know a few tricks.Kylie's current obsession: statement belts. A massive belt adds a fashion-y touch to a frumpy tee, while also ~accentuating~ your shape — and keeping your shirt-dress from flying up. Don't want all the extra fabric hanging down in your biz? Tuck it up into your finest pair of mom jeans or a faded mini skirt, like Ky's. It'll give you those just-rolled-out-of-bed-but-still-stylish-af feels. Avoid a lumpy butt by just tucking in the front or sides.When it doubt, slice it up – a motto that suits both pizza and T-shirts. Snip a deep V into the front of your top and use it as an excuse to show off a strappy bralette or a comfy-cool sports bra. If you're not comfortable showing Kylie amounts of boob, layer a sheer top underneath. Messily rolling your sleeves or pulling up one side of your top is the quickest path to cool-girl style. Wrinkles make a crisp tee more interesting by adding major dimension.Since most of us aren't blessed with that Calabasas sunshine, the bare-all low-V might be a bit chilly for PSL season. Instead of opening up the entire front of your shirt like Kylie did above, use scissors to rip teeny tiny holes around the neck, shoulders, sleeves and bottom hem. It'll give off a warn-in vintage-y vibe. Now go forth, my fashionistas, and steal massive tees from your dad's closet.Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			10 ways to wear the soft stuff everywhere, starting now.Velvet is one of the biggest trends this winter, and combined with the fact it's cozy AF, the 10 items below are pretty much all we're going to be wearing for the next 3 months. From: Sugarscape		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			According to Kimberly Peta Dewhirst, the astrologist at Star Sign Style.According to Kimberly Peta Dewhirst, the astrologist at Star Sign Style.Fading into the background isn't your style. Fearless, energetic red is your power color, and the pointed hem of this dress is a nod to April babies' birthstone — diamonds! High Neck Asymmetric Wrap Bodycon Dress, $35, boohoo.comYou're a sucker for anything with a sweetly retro feel, including this ladylike brocade floral number. And since comfort is a priority for you, you'll like the roomy, swishy feel of the skirt. Floral Brocade Fit and Flare Dress, $75, Nordstrom.comYour dream dress doesn't just look amazing — it also starts amazing conversations, like: where's that from? can I borrow it? and holy moly, how many sequins are you wearing?! (Answers: Forever 21, yes, and approximately one bajillion.) Iridescent Sequin Mini Dress, $28, Forever 21A few things you're naturally drawn to: beautiful white dresses, flirty necklines, and fabrics so cozy you could sleep in them. Combine them all in this crochet knit dress with the prettiest sweetheart top. Floral Crochet Knit Cami Dress, $35, Forever 21Hello, fabulous. Gold is your power color, so go full-glam with this sleek, sparkly look. And when you wind up on some Hollywood red carpet a few years from now (you will, Leo!), you'll have the perfect thing to wear. Sequined Dress, $70, H&MYou're a perfectionist who can't help but pay attention to tiny details — so feast your eyes on a dress with intricate embroidery, beading, or embellishments. Gold Sequin Dress, $98, Lulu's. When it comes time to get dolled up, you love to look like the belle of the ball. Bring on the full skirt! This floaty tutu dress will give you a total princess moment. Tulle Dress, $68, Forever 21Your style motto: if a vampire would wear it, you'd wear it. Bring on dresses that are dark, mysterious, and sleek, like this slinky velvet burgundy option.Velvet Dress, $68, NastyGal.comBoring black isn't your speed — you want color! Drama! Pleats! Bows! Everything at once! This psychedelic hot pink frock will be so much fun for you to dance in (and you know you love to bust a move). Pleated Flutter Sleeve Mini Dress, $77, ASOS.comYour style confirms what you've known for years: you're just a teeny bit more grown up than the rest of your squad. A classic silhouette in navy is just the ticket — and hey, the dress will get you through formal season in college, too!Illusion Yoke Lace Fit and Flare Dress, $98, Nordstrom.comYou love to stand out from the crowd. This fall's trendiest look — a slip dress over a tee — will do just that, while still feeling fancy enough for homecoming. Reverse Lace-Trim Slip Dress, $58, Forever 21Life goal: be a mermaid — and, OK, if that can't happen, you at least want to dress like one. A mermaid silhouette in the prettiest shade of blue is exactly what a water-loving Pisces gal needs. Bandeau Midi Dress, $61, ASOSwww.seventeen.comhttp’s server IP address could not be found.Try:null		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You're def going to want to steal this idea, tho.This week's latest viral internet trend is either wildly amazing, or totally ridiculous, depending on who you ask. Some v inventive girls have found a majorly cheap way of DIYing the sock booties taking over the feet of fashion people everywhere. Not familiar with sock booties? Well, the Jenner sisters and crew have been wearing the Yeezy versions non-stop all summer and because of that, you've most likely seen them on the shelves of your local Zara, as well. Being crafted by the hands of Yeezy, these little babies will cost you $895 a pair, but internet genius Shay Cherise, AKA @thenuvogue, has figured out how to dupe them for about $5. Instead of paying crazy money for the Kardashian family faves, Shay bought tube socks, snipped a hole in the heel, glued some Sure Step texture paper to the bottom, and slipped them on over her pointed-toe heels. The results are almost identical to Kanye Wests's mad expensive version.After finding out about this life-changing stroke of brilliance, the rest of the internet quickly followed, turning the simple hack into a full-blown takeover. Let's admire the slay.*Cuts holes in every pair of socks.*Kelsey is the assistant style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Wicked.Do we really need more Halloween-themed accessories? Nope, at this rate half our wardrobe is going to be redundant come November. But how cute are these Halloween chokers though? Yeah thought so *adds to basket*.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Sugarscape		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			One girl's trash is another girl's choker.Now that the internet has lost their minds over a shoelace worn as a choker, 2016 will forever be known as the year that people tied random objects, shredded pieces of clothing, and repurposed garbage around their necks for the sake of '90s ~fashion~. But TBH, we're not mad about it. Check out the ten most hilarious choker hacks that Twitter has to offer.Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			#CurvesOnFleek. It's refreshing AF to see a model like Barbie Ferreira dominating the industry and representing so hard for all the curvy girls out there. Barbie's been doing the damn thing as a model for AerieREAL, ASOS, i-Dmagazine, and more for a minute now. She most recently walked down the runway for Addition Elle and appeared in Rachel Antonoff's presentation during New York Fashion Week. This 19-year-old model is outspoken and unapologetic about how much she despises the word "flattering" and is not a big fan of "plus-size" because they isolate curvier women and trick them into feeling like their size is irregular, just because they aren't the average-sized model seen on the runways or in other campaigns.This is why Missguided's new fall collection is so dope: On Monday, the fashion retailer released a line full of sexy bodycon dresses, off-the-shoulder tops, and duster jackets — all available in sizes 12 to 20. What's even more dope? Barbie is the face of the new campaign and all of her photos showing off the sexy, skin-tight garments are completely unretouched. Yaaaaaas! *Two snaps*.In the campaign's press release, the brand stated: "Plus isn't the word, we are here to empower girls to dress however they want, regardless of size." IMO, Barbie's no-BS attitude paired with her killer bod is a perfect representation for this collection."I wanted to wear whatever the f*ck I wanted to wear," Barbie said in one of the campaign videos when discussing her past style choices. "If someone tells me I couldn't because of my size, I just feel like it's super irrelevant. It's clothes, wear what you think is cute. [They're] not meant to make you look skinny.""There's absolutely no boundaries in dressing for any size, ever," Barbie went on to say in the campaign video. Barbie is straight-up slaying on all levels. Listen to more of her style advice and watch her twerk while showing off the new collection in the fun video below: Shop Missguided's full plus-size collection here.From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			This is so wrong.Just one week after Kim Kardashian's terrifying robbery in Paris, Costumeish.com, a Halloween costume retailer, created a "Parisian Heist Robbery Victim Costume Kit" that mocks the horrifying situation.The $69.99 costume comes with a long Kardashian-style wig, big black sunglasses, a look-alike of the $4 million engagement ring that was stolen from Kim, and a "white short sexy robe." The costume also includes a gag and rope to be tied around the wrist, to emulate how Kim was bound and gagged in her hotel room.In the description, the website tells potential costumers to "have some fun" while dressing up like what was probably the most traumatic night of Kim's life, while also implying that Kim is to blame for the crime.This Halloween it's all about the #Hallomeme and who better than America's goddess of all things glamorous "Parisian Heist Robbery Victim Costume?" She has devoted her life to promoting American decadence, youth, and hedonism but all that flashy living caught up with her one night in Paris when armed men bound her, stole her jewelry and her peace of mind. This Halloween have some fun with pop culture and dress just like the Queen of Social media with our sensational "Parisian Heist Robbery Victim Costume" Costume.Understandably, costumers were not impressed with the costume.One commenter wrote: "Kim is a human being. She is a person. No one deserves what happened to her. The fact that this is a costume is the most disgusting thing I have ever seen. I am praying for this world."Another said: "This isn't a costume. This is someone's most terrifying night of their life being put on display and being ridiculed."Continuing her social media silence, Kim has yet to comment, but in her absence, let's be totally clear: this is the worst.Follow Kelsey on Instagram! 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			MOOD: burrito.Every year you promise yourself you'll start planning for Halloweekend in August and come up with clever costumes that'll blow everyone's mind. Then, somehow, it's already October 30th and you realize you've got nothing. Instead of being a black cat for the fourth year in a row, grab your favorite outfit and throw on some cheap accessories. Here are seven adorable looks you can make using clothes you might already have. To transform into your most burrito-y self, cut some red felt to look like tomatoes, then wrinkle up green felt so it resembles lettuce. Glue them to your boob area (tape won't work, trust), then pull up your dress and fold some extra fabric over the bottom of the felt, so you look like a wrapped bundle of meaty goodness. Then have your BFF cover you in tin foil.Jersey Girl Beige Backless Midi Dress, $40, Lulu's; Pardee Heel, $99.95, Steve Madden Throw on some vintage-y pilot goggles and your fave fall scarf, and you're ready to take flight.Olive Striped Bomber Jacket, $34.95, Love Culture; Shaping Skinny Regular Jeans, $49.99, H&M; Plaid a Good Time Burgundy Plaid Scarf, $22, Lulu's; Aviator Hat & Goggles, $16.99, Party City; Tan Laced Up Knee High Boots, $44.95, Love CultureCut a large circle out of a piece of black felt, then glue on a slightly smaller circle of white felt. Add a hollow black felt circle on top of that, then glue them to a black belt. Proceed to catch 'em all.Mock Turtleneck Sweater, H&M; Roseanna Colour Pop Skater Skirt, $14, Boohoo; Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Metallic High Top, $54.97, Converse The process of transforming into a magical beast is surprisingly simple. Put on a faux fur jacket and a unicorn horn (the sparklier the better), then top off the look with a super shimmery glam look.Emmaline Satin Slip Dress, $35, Boohoo; Cuddle Up Faux Fur Jacket, $148, Betsey Johnson; Steve Madden Carrson Multi Glitter Ankle Strap Heels, $89, Steve Madden; Gold Glitter Unicorn Horn, $9.99, Party City Emma's power is air and if you don't keep her tethered to earth, she'll float away. Put on a blonde wig and tie a length of rope around the waist of your little blue dress. Make your BF/GBF dress up as Jacob and have him to hold your rope all night. (Hovering effect not included.)Dream All Day Light Blue Print Dress, $28, Lulu's; Black Leatherette Lace Up Platform Combat Boots, $42.95, Love Culture; Blonde Mermaid Wig, $26.99, Party City; Ashland Jute Rope, $6.99, Michael's Using black felt (because felt is the secret ingredient in all the best DIY costumes), dupe the drips on Kylie Jenner's lipstick tubes and logo. Glue the felt to your skirt then pull your crop top down over the top of the drips for a seamless look.Black Crop Top, Brandy Melville; Ponte Tank Dress, $58, American Apparel; Roebella Heel, $109.95, Steve Madden; Mary Jo Lip Kit, $29, Kylie CosmeticsYou know what they say, Halloween is the one night a year that a girl can dress like Regina George and no other girls can say anything about it. Add a blonde wig and "R" necklace to your pink cardi and pleather skirt.Legendary Scoop Back Body Suit, $16.90, Wet Seal; Fine-Knit Cotton Cardigan, $14.99, H&M; Diamond Sterling Silver Initial "R" Pendant Necklace, $148.95, JC Penny; Love Games Black Vegan Leather Mini Skirt, $47, Lulu's; Chevron Quilted Crossbody Bag, $12.90, Wet Seal; Basic Thong Sandals, $6.87, Wet Seal; Stunning Starlet Blonde Wig, $19.99, Party CityFollow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Total slayage, right this way.School is back in session, which means your style needs to take you from first period all the way to the homecoming dance. A t-shirt and jeans is fine, but why wouldn't you want to get ~fancy and fab~ on certain days? Here, four perfect looks from style star Marilyn Hucek for inspired style all semester long. Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Hi Sneaker, $54.99, journeys.com; Star Print Lace-Up Blouse, $15.90, forever21.com; Shop similar necklace: Thin Velvet Chocker, $15, topshop.com; Pistola Tallis Fringe Hem Jeans in Shy Blue, $98, bloomingdales.com; Whip Stitch Shopper Bag, $70, topshop.com; Shop similar jacket: Reversible Floral Embroidered Bomber Jacket, $78, shophearts.comConverse Chuck Taylor All Star Hi Sneaker, $54.99, journeys.com; Geo Charm Layered Necklace, $4.90, forever21.com; Stud Cross Body Bag, $49.99, mango.com; Talitha Bracelet, $95, jenny-bird.com; Floral Lace Dress, $24.90, forever21.com; Faux Leather Moto Jacket, $24.90, forever21.com		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The supermodel looks superhuman in a boxing-themed campaign for Reebok. Gigi Hadid is the newest face of Reebok's #PerfectNever campaign, and the model has plenty to say about how important it is to embrace your imperfections and mistakes. (#OnMessage.) But my takeaway from this campaign isn't that Gigi Hadid has flaws, which I'm sure she does ... somewhere ... it's that she can box! And it's enough to scare the daylights out of you!Just watch this sneak peek video from her campaign and try not to blink when she comes at you with her gloves:A report from the set of her campaign shoot describes the scene: a crew of 31 people watches as Gigi starts shadow boxing. "'She will f*ck you up,' whispers one hair stylist quietly from behind the camera." Had the prankster who grabbed her at Milan Fashion Week done his research, he would have anticipated her epic response and stayed the hell away from this warrior model, but instead he got elbowed in the face and chased away by Gigi's fierceness.  Gigi works out not just to stay physically strong but mentally strong too. "It helps me escape the noise in my head. It's the only time my mind goes quiet," she said in a release. She also posted an encouraging message on Instagram: "May we be confident and have love for who we are, but, in all that we are passionate about, may we always remember that Good is the enemy of GREAT. Don't settle." From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Lace up, y'all.The '90s AF choker trend is a total win for those of us who love a cheap DIY. Just buy a couple feet of string and tie it around your neck. BOOM – you're basically Kendall Jenner. College student Katie Rosebrook decided to DIY one herself, but instead of spending a few bucks at Hobby Lobby, she just ripped a shoelace out of her favorite pair of Nikes. The outcome looks nearly identical to what you'd find stocked at Zara. this choker trend is wild y'all i wore a shoelace to the bars last night & i've never gotten so many compliments thanks @Nike just do it lol pic.twitter.com/K49fJmAXNePack of 2 Chokers, $22.90, zara.comPretty similar, right? Next time you're looking to upgrade your neck party, just pick up a pair of $2 laces instead of dropping $20 on a piece of string. Follow Kelsey on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Even for babies lol.Time to scoop up a pink dress and a bomber jacket. The biggest Halloween costume this year is going to be Eleven from Netflix's hit show Stranger Things — even for babies — according to an analysis by the fashion site Lyst. Lyst predicts the psychokinetic kid will be trending for Halloween 2016 based on the fact that last week, this ASOS Peter Pan dress was clicked on once every three minutes. Plus, a whopping 80% of the folks looking at it also searched for "tube socks," another element of the Eleven costume. Bomber jackets have also seen a massive spike, says Lyst — all the more evidence pointing to Eleven's popularity this year.For folks who aren't (yet) Stranger Things fans, there are lots of other costumes that are sure to be everywhere this year. Here are a few of our biggest predictions.The rainbow tears, pretty butterflies and dog noses are bound to be huge. Need ideas on pulling this fun theme off? We've got five of them right here.Considering Suicide Squad was one of the most anticipated and highest grossing films of 2016, it's no wonder that people are already planning their Harley Quinn costumes. Multicolored pigtails, fishnets and ever-so-slightly deranged clown makeup will help you pull it off. With the massive popularity of the Pokemon Go app came a renewed love for all things related to the original card game. Expect to see Pikachu, Squirtle and Charizard all over the place this year — here's how you can join in.There's no better way to combine your love of texting with the ease of a simple DIY costume than to dress up as your favorite emojis! These 13 emoji costume ideas should get you started.This 2016 reboot featured four of our favorite actresses on the planet and was so much fun to watch. So many kids (and adults!) across America are guaranteed to throw on beige jumpsuits and start fighting ghosts all over the place.[h href='https://www.lyst.co.uk/articles/stranger-things-halloween-costume-ideas/' target='_blank">Lyst']From: Good Housekeeping US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Wanna dress like kale?You guys, it looks like we'll all be dressing as kale with a hazelnut topping next year — and we really wish we were joking.The people over at Pantone have revealed the 10 colors they envision will take over the world of fashion, clothes, and consuming in 2017. According to the color experts (yup) the top ten shades offer the perfect "mixture of vitality, relaxation, and the great outdoors." We're already super excited to go shopping.The colors are Niagara, Primrose Yellow, Lapis Blue, Flame, Island Paradise, Pale Dogwood, Greenery, Pink Yarrow, Kale, and Hazelnut.Speaking about where the inspiration comes from, Pantone Color Institute's Executive Director Leatrice Eiseman said, "Obviously, a really important part of where the fashion industry is headed [is availability]. You have to look at things and ask would people say, 'I love that color. I want it now.' For us, it also plays into that whole idea of transitional seasons and offering options that are not just typical of seasons."COOL.From: Sugarscape		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			But there's more to the story.H&M has pulled its plus-size clothing from several stores, Revelist reports. The plus-size line was quietly removed from dozens of stores across the country in order to make room for H&M's other lines, which include athletic wear, beauty, and home. "Not all stores have room for all our fashion concepts," a spokesperson for H&M told Revelist in a statement. "The assortment in the stores is evolving as we continuously assess the product mix, which is decided by each store's specific pre-requisites when it comes to e.g. its size and the customers' requests. We refer customers to our online store hm.com, which includes all our fashion concepts, and a broader assortment."If plus-size options suddenly disappear from your local H&M, don't freak out. The brand's different lines will cycle in and out of various locations, a spokesperson for H&M told Seventeen.com. Translation: you might not be able to shop for plus-size items at your local store in October, but they could be there in November. The move feels surprising given that H&M recently earned praise for casting model Ashley Graham, who wears a size 16, in their fall 2016 campaign.17 out of 75 stores in California carry plus sizes4 out of 16 stores in Ohio carry plus sizes 7 out of 35 stores in New York state carry plus sizes15 out of 29 stores in Texas carry plus sizes6 out of 21 stores in in New Jersey carry plus sizes 5 out of 21 stores in Pennsylvania carry plus sizes 4 out of 16 stores in Washington carry plus sizes15 out of 29 stores in Florida carry plus sizesBut remember, just because plus sizes aren't in a specific store right now doesn't mean they won't be there a month from now. Considering that the average American woman now wears a size 16, skimping on plus-size offerings in stores can feel like a strange business move — and a blow to anyone who likes to try stuff on before they throw down a credit card. But H&M still carries the full range of designs online, offering sizes up to 24, which shows a broader commitment to girls of all sizes than most mainstream retailers.Hannah Orenstein is a writer at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Twitter and Instagram.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			These are pinnable AF.October is here, which means it's time to start sifting through the depths of the internet to find a costume that's trendy, but still classic; crafty, but still easy to make; and unique, but still mainstream (nothing sucks more than when people don't get your costume). To ease your pain, Pinterest has pulled together the top 10 most-searched-for DIY costumes you need to steal for Halloweekend. Let the crafting begin!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			First Crocs, now glitter nipples.While the rest of the world embraces #FreeTheNipple, it appears French fashion house Saint Laurent wants to make the case for glittery nipples instead.During their show at New York Fashion Week on Tuesday, model Binx Walton walked the runway in a strapless, leather wrap dress, folded down on the side so that her left breast was exposed. Rather than let her nipple out to breathe, however, designer Anthony Vaccarello instead opted to apply a sparkly, heart-shaped pasty over it — because why tf not? Besides the obvious, the look stood out during the show because quite a few of the other models had also worn garments that left their nipples on full display — but none of them had the honor of rocking the glitter nipple. Clearly, Binx was the chosen one, and she embraced the role completely.While it's unclear what inspired the sole glitter nipple at the Saint Laurent show, I'm going to go ahead and agree with Fashionista that it's probably just an homage to the most famous glitter nipple of them all. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Floral face beats FTW.If you've got a green thumb, this is the beauty trend for you. Bringing a whole new meaning to the term "flower child," blooms have been cropping up all over the spring runways. And not just on the clothes — on faces, too. First up at New York Fashion Week, MAC lead makeup artist James Kaliardos adorned eyes, cheekbones, clavicles, and even shoulders with wild flower petals artfully arranged in the natural contours of each feature. This was supposed to convey a "woke up in a bed of flowers" feeling according to the designer herself. Then, at London Fashion Week, flowers were in bloom yet again at Preen by Thornton Bregazzi for a peak "woodland fairy" effect. Makeup artist Val Garland pressed blooms into the faces, necks, and wait for it, lips. She used M.A.C.'s Mixing Medium Shine and Duo Adhesive to keep 'em adhered.But the runways aren't the only place we've spotted face flowers as of late. Makeup artist/goddess Violette, who also helped ignite the ear makeup trend, also took a liking to floral face beats. In a recent spread for Models.com, she tapped Flower Girl NYC for fresh flowers to spangle across the models' visages.  🌸New beauty story in @modelsdot amazing muse  @lovetyg shot by @julia_noni hair by @visapyyapy and styled by @jdos___ #makeupbyviolette big thank you to @flowergirlnyc for helping me flower shopping !!A post shared by  Violette (@violette_fr) on Aug 30, 2016 at 6:59am PDTSo there you have it — the perfect excuse to create a weekly budget for fresh flowers.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Marie Claire US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Warning, this will make you hate your own wardrobe.If Fifth Harmony ever need a 6th member, we are right at the front of the line. Not only can those girls seriously sing, they also have a wardrobe that makes us want to cry a little inside. Let's all take a moment to witness the fierceness and appreciate their amaze style. Our queens slayed it at this years MTV Music Awards in all black errrthang.From all black, to all white and don't they look angelic? We are particularly loving Dinah Jane's lace catsuit.That pink carpet, those pink dresses! We die. Werk that Angelina Jolie leg, Normani.Is there a more appropriate place than the Disney Music Awards to dress like a modern day Cinderella?As much as we love it when the girls are matching, we do love to see their individual sides. Where can we get a velvet two piece?!We are ~~living~~ for this blue moment. Talk about power dressing. These looks are glam af.Oh hello Balmain moment, nice to see you. Also note to self: invest in some thigh high boots.Sadly there aren't many talents we can say we share with Fifth Harmony but there is one thing we do share and that's the love of an all black outfit.You know what it is. Black and yellow, black and yellow, black and yellow. Oh, and white.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Sugarscape		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Not cool, guys.Don't get us wrong, we love Urban Outfitters and while we're all about their cute trinkets, hipster chic accessories and Justin Bieber Purpose Tour merch, they've come under fire for some questionable slogans in the past; with the latest controversy involving a gender fluid customer and the store's dressing room rules.Nicholas Gorham identifies as trans/gender fluid but was turned away from the women's dressing rooms and singled out by an employee at an L.A. Urban Outfitters store; composing an essay to promote awareness of the issue.OK Urban Outfitters, good to know! pic.twitter.com/DkC9MPJghtNicholas wrote: "On this particular day in LA, what started as a simple errand took a rather heavy turn. When we got to the dressing rooms, Tamara, a cis woman, was taken in and given a room before the attendant began leading me to a completely different area to change." Speaking to Refinery29, they added: "The best way to describe the way I felt was appalled and belittled. The fact that they were effectively saying that there's no law so case closed, was, I think the worst part. I feel like companies and people should be given a chance to catch up with policy changes and figuring out how to navigate through the new gender landscape, but when the response is blind and inflexible, that's when we really have to start speaking out.""My real concern is for the teenager shopping with their best friend who is told they have to change on the other side of the store, based on some CEO's idea of their gender," they write. "What happens to the kid who sees that their identity is only worth acknowledging when a law is passed? Telling someone that as an employee they are not bound by law to treat human beings fairly is just bad business."Nicholas received the following response from Urban: Denim love via @UOLosAngeles. 💙 #UODisplay 📷: @boldaslaurenA post shared by  Urban Outfitters (@urbanoutfitters) on Sep 20, 2016 at 12:52pm PDTWho also gave Refinery29 this statement: "We take all customer feedback seriously and were very surprised and concerned that our official protocols were not followed in one of our stores.Our fitting rooms are gender neutral and open to our customers who are trying on our products. We apologize and deeply regret this shopper did not have a positive experience and are looking into why our policies were not followed. Furthermore, we do not endorse any laws that discriminate against the LGBTQ community, and we have supported charities that are actively fighting the anti-LGBTQ HB-2 law in North Carolina. Again, we will immediately determine how and why our policy was not followed consistently and we regret any uncomfortable experience our valued shopper may have had."Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Sugarscape		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Peep her new denim line!Khloé Kardashian has killer style, so it's no surprise that she's finally getting into the fashion game. Yesterday, she announced her new denim line, Good American, in an enthusiastic post on Instagram. "I feel so blessed to be able to bring this line to women everywhere of ALL shapes and sizes," she wrote. I’m so excited to announce my new denim brand @goodamerican!!! This has been such an incredible journey and I feel so blessed to be able to bring this line to women everywhere of ALL shapes and sizes. I can’t wait to show you!! Sign up now to be first to shop goodamerican.com #goodsquad Let's love our curves ladies!!!A post shared by  Khloé (@khloekardashian) on Sep 21, 2016 at 10:44am PDTThe brand is aimed at curvy girls sizes 0 to 24, WWD reports, and jeans will be offered in three silhouettes: Good Legs (skinny), Good Cuts (boyfriend), and Good Waist (high-waisted). Other pieces, including bodysuits, T-shirts, and sweatshirts, are also part of the collection.On Snapchat, Khloé revealed a few of the looks. It appears that the first Good American collection includes both classic blue and white washes and some distressed finishes.The line has its own Instagram and will launch on October 18 at Nordstrom and online at GoodAmerican.com.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Oh yeah, we've just come back from the gym...1. To the outside world, your wardrobe looks like it could belong to an Olympic hopeful.2. When you buy a new pair of trainers and the sales assistant asks you what you need them for…3. You pick your leggings based on what you plan to eat that day, not your activity levels.4. On very rare occasions your work out wardrobe gives you an urge to, you know, actually exercise.5. But it's an impulse you never act on.6. Sometimes you despair at yourself.7. But deep down, you know you're making all the smart decisions.8. At least one person you know has tagged you in this video.9. This is genuinely something you've considered.10. It's not that you're lazy, in fact you're probably just too intelligent for your own good.11. Sometimes you get enough of a workout just getting dressed.12. Your clothes bear the tell-tale signs of your favourite sport.13. And you ain't gonna change for no one. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan UK		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She slays in a new shoot from CR Fashion Book, wearing a costume you can buy RN for $80. Yaaaaas! If there was ever a movie heroine worthy of homage in the pages of a high-fashion glossy like CR Fashion Book, it's Clueless's iconic blonde teen queen, Cher Horowitz. Fifteen-year-old Willow Smith wasn't even alive when Clueless came out in July 1995, but that doesn't stop her from slaying in Cher's signature yellow plaid ensemble in the magazine's ninth issue. Stylist Carine Roitfeld updated Cher's iconic outfit by pairing it with a coordinating yellow head wrap, then doubled down on the '90s nostalgia with some mismatched knee-high socks from Stance and a pair of black and white flatform creepers by Rivithead. The plaid suit itself is by Yandy, which specializes in ~*seXy*~ Halloween costumes, and is available online for a mere $79.95.  Ugh! Halloween cannot come soon enough! Follow @Seventeen on Instagram.From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Fashion Week has never been more affordable.Whether on the runway or on the big screen, Cara Delevingne knows how to make a statement — and her latest look is no exception.While attending the Burberry show at London Fashion Week on Monday, the model-turned-actress debuted a surprising new beauty trend: a black line from her chin down her chest. While it's unclear if the bold beauty look has personal significance for Cara, it was quick to get people talking — in part for its surprising accessibility. While most celebrities opt to wear their most expensive accessories at Fashion Week, all you need to recreate Cara's look is some black eyeliner or a Sharpie. The Suicide Squad actress completed the look with a black minidress with billowy, pleated sleeves, and a dramatic cape. Combined with a pair of sheer black stockings and a pair of strappy heels I'd definitely like to steal, the outfit was anything but boring. For those looking to recreate Cara's fun take on body art, however, beware: Based on photos of Cara out and about later in the evening, it seems she tried to scrub away the line to no avail. Only give this one a try if you're ready to be fully committed to ~fashion~ for a couple days.  Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Just in case your ankles are cold, but your toes aren't.Well, it finally happened – the two ugliest shoes known to mankind have mated to birth one Super-Ugly Shoe. UUG, the makers of everyone's most comfortable and ugly boots, teamed up with Teva, who makes your comfortable and ugly sandals, and together they designed a majroly weird winter boot/summer sandal hybrid. Be warned: the photos may disturb you.When/where/why would one wear these fur-lined sandals, you might ask? Here are some options:Along with the boot-sandal, Teva x UGG also released the slightly more functional, but still super strange, sandal, which has Teva's classic strap design accented with UGG's famous fur lining.Honestly, after Crocs made their runway debut at London Fashion Week, are you even surprised?Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Fashion has officially lost its mind!This is it, everyone. Say good-bye to your loved ones and prepare yourselves because the apocalypse is almost upon us. The oceans haven't turned to blood and the dead have yet to rise from their graves, but something equally terrifying and sinister just occurred in London: Crocs made their runway debut in the Christopher Kane spring/summer 2017 fashion show.In a city notorious for its avant garde (aka completely crazy and unwearable) fashion, Christopher Kane has always managed to walk that fine line between the weird and the wonderful, making him one of the city's most successful and influential designers. This season however, he may have crossed that line. It must be a joke, right? How else do you explain it? Crocs. On the runway. It's lunacy, I tell you. Sheer lunacy!Kane's Crocs came in a variety of marbled hues and shiny finishes and were studded with an assortment of stone studs. You know, like jewelry. But for Crocs. Because these are fancy, high-fashion runway Crocs. Maybe it shouldn't come as that much of a shock. After all, fashion loves a weird, ugly shoe. But seriously? Crocs? Is nothing sacred? Or profane? Or whatever. I mean, what does one even say about these things? They're Crocs! If there was one piece of footwear that seemed destined to never find its way, even briefly, into fashion respectability, it surely was the Croc. And yet, here we are. It's 2016 and Crocs could be the new hot shoe of the moment. You might as well just burn all your clothes, wrap yourself in a slanket, and start carrying your crap around in a garbage bag because there are no rules any more. Fashion is dead. The end is near. Or it's here. Who knows? Who cares? Nothing matters anymore.That said, they are kind of cute. And, I mean, those little stones are sort of fun. And who wouldn't prefer the comfort of a Croc to the ankle-breaking agony of a stiletto heel? Wait a minute! What am I saying? Damn it! This really is the end. Good-bye, fashion, it's been nice knowing you. From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"These people followed me from store to store, which made me a little anxious."  After being scouted in a Florida mall at 15, 21-year-old model Zuri Tibby just became the newest face of Victoria's Secret PINK. She's currently touring the country in the PINK Nation bus, stopping at 40 different college campuses to spread yoga pant joy to students across the nation. She took some time off to chat with Seventeen.com about Kendall Jenner, insecurities, and her fairytale journey from working at a mall to becoming a big-time model.You were discovered at a mall. Can you tell me how that happened?I was at the mall, and I had just gotten out of work. I was working at a kids' playground at the time, and I was 15 years old. I was casually just walking around shopping, and I noticed these people followed me from store to store, which made me a little anxious. They came up to me and gave me their card explaining who they were and asked if I had ever thought about modeling. I was very shy at the time and I was like, "No, I don't really want to." But I took the card and I talked to my mom about it, and things kind of just happened from there.Had you ever thought of being a model before that happened?Not really, no. Some people in my family would encourage me to do it, but I was never really interested before that. What were your plans at that point? Had you thought about going to college? I was in high school at the time and I was always thinking about going to university. All my friends were.What was your reaction when you found out that you were going to be the new face of PINK?The first thing I did was FaceTime my mom – I was screaming. She was at work. She ran around the office – she was screaming, too. We were all just so happy. It's something that I worked towards for a very long, and achieving a goal like that is just amazing and exciting.So, will we be seeing you in the Victoria's Secret fashion show this year?Stay tuned. It's been one of my biggest dreams and when I find out, you'll find out too.You and Kendall Jenner would just take over in the show together.I would be screaming down the whole runway and freaking out. It's one of my biggest dreams ever. So that [would] make me really happy.What's your favorite PINK gear to wear on the reg?I love the Wear Everywhere Bra and the Ultimate Yoga Legging. Both of those are just things that I always have on hand. [It's] just easy to wear something that's simple, comfortable, and universal.Do you actually do yoga in your leggings, or are you like the rest of us, and just chill?I'm actually like the worst person at yoga, but I work out in them and I also just lounge in them and chill. Now that you're fronting a national campaign, do you ever get nervous about being on display for the world? Yeah, I think everyone has insecurities, whether they're in the public eye or not. I mean I'm a little shy sometimes, and I do get nervous for shoots and stuff. I'm overcoming it now. What's the craziest thing that's ever happened to you at a photo shoot?I don't really have anything too crazy, but I think shooting with Rihanna was the greatest moment on a photo shoot ever. I'm such a Rihanna fan, and she's just so cool. So were you drooling over her VMAS performance?I was drooling over the VMAS. [She] and Drake killed it. I was dying. Just amazing, amazing, amazing. Goals.Kelsey is the assistant style editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The designer continues to court controversy over hairstyles shown at New York Fashion Week.On Thursday afternoon, Marc Jacobs ended New York Fashion Week with a show that caused a stir — typical of the designer. The buzz this time was not about the clothes, but the hair: pastel-colored woolen dreadlocks styled by Guido Palau. Observers found the hairstyles, worn by a group of mostly white models — the Hadid sisters, Kendall Jenner, Karlie Kloss, and Taylor Hill among them — to smack of cultural appropriation, and Jacobs faced plenty of criticism on social media. In a comment on an Instagram post, Jacobs responded to the accusations — but in a way that has fanned further controversy for its flat-out dismissal of his critics.Comments from @themarcjacobs on the @marcjacobs Insta account - not well received... #culturalappropriation #nyfw pic.twitter.com/p69egNqtzs"@radical.lizeth @emmelephant and all who cry 'cultural appropriation' or whatever nonsense about any race or skin color wearing their hair in any particular style or manner — funny how you don't criticize women of color for straightening their hair," Jacobs wrote. "I respect and am inspired by people and how they look. I don't see color or race — I see people. I'm sorry to read that so many people are so narrow-minded ... Love is the answer. Appreciation of all and inspiration from anywhere is a beautiful thing. Think about it." While Jacobs claimed not to see color or race and called for love, his comment — implying that women of color straightening their hair is a form of cultural appropriation, refusing to capitulate — only served to bolster his critics for its tone-deafness.Marc Jacobs thinks women of color straightening their hair is cultural appropriation. pic.twitter.com/gyb8c1p4xxMarc Jacobs should've never mention women of color and hair in the same sentence, he should've known he would b annihilatedJacobs has since responded to other comments with a more apologetic tone. "Of course straight hair isn't a white thing," he wrote. "I was referring to hair styling and texture for my fashion show and defensive. I apologize if I offended anyone at all. Certainly wasn't my intention at all." "I will read and learn," he replied in another comment. "My remark had to do with hair and inspiration. I did not intend to offend ANYONE at all. It's not my nature." If Jacobs was looking to court buzz with his latest collection, he certainly has it now. From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			What everyone was dressing up as from 1990 to today.Costume crazes come and go —like when half your sixth grade class dressed up as a Harry Potter character for Halloween. According to HalloweenCostumes.com and the National Retail Federation, these are the most popular costumes from 1990 to today. Click through to find what everyone was dressing up as the year you were born. Here's how popular Harley Quinn is: even though Margot Robbie didn't appear as Harley in Suicide Squad until this year, she was the top-selling costume of last year, while the film was still in production. Harley Quinn, halloweencostumes.com, $60The 2014 live-action Sleeping Beauty reboot Maleficent recast the villainous character as a sympathetic but misunderstood figure. Angelina Jolie's performance caused the dramatic black costume to become the best-selling look of the year.Maleficent, halloweencostumes.com, $50Miley's ~wild~ performance at the 2013 MTV Video Music Awards alongside Robin Thicke led to a slew of leotard-clad copycats on Halloween. Miley, spirithalloween.com via ebay.com, $80"Gangnam Style" became the number one YouTube video of all time after it debuted in 2012 — with 2.64 billion views and counting — so it's no surprise that there were a legion of Psy impersonators trick-or-treating that year.Psy, halloweencostumes.com, $30The track-suit wearing terror played by Jane Lynch was the best-selling costume of 2011, two years after Glee captured America's hearts (and chorus classes). Sue Sylvester, halloweencostumes.com, $50A year after Snooki became a household name on Jersey Shore, her gravity-defying signature hairdo became a Halloween staple. Snooki, amazon.com, $6 Twilight costumes were all the rage in the late 2000s and early 2010s: the books were released from 2005 to 2008 and the movies debuted between 2008 and 2012, so it's no surprise that 2008 saw a lot of Edwards and Bellas. Edward Cullen, halloweencostumes.com,$10Comic book characters, especially the ones that make the leap to film, are always popular choices, but the Joker was a particularly beloved choice the year that Heath Ledger portrayed him in The Dark Knight. The movie was released six months after his death. The Joker, halloweencostumes.com, $170Remember this look? Miley Cyrus first stepped into Hannah Montana's go-go boots in 2006. By 2007, girls everywhere were clamoring to dress just like her. Hannah Montana, halloweencostumes.com, $15Before there was A on Pretty Little Liars, there was V, the freedom fighter in the 2006 political thriller. His all-black outfit topped off with a Guy Fawkes mask was the number one costume of the year. V for Vendetta, halloweencostumes.com,  $145Star Wars has been a beloved franchise since the 1970s, but the 2005 release of Episode III: Revenge of the Sith renewed America's interest. Villainous Darth Vader was a natural choice. Darth Vader, halloweencostumes.com, $75Two years after Spider-Man dominated the box office, Spider-Man 2 became the second-most successful film of 2004, grossing $373 million in the United States and Canada. Once again, Spidey suits dominated Halloween. Spider-Man, halloweencostumes.com, $60The first Pirates of the Caribbean was the summer box office smash of 2003, and it showed when Halloween rolled around. Johnny Depp's portrayal of Captain Jack Sparrow was unforgettable.Jack Sparrow, halloweencostumes.com, $45Spider-Man starring Tobey Maguire was the highest-grossing film of 2002, bringing in $403 million in the United States in Canada. His trademark red and blue suit was an obvious choice for trick-or-treaters that year. Spider-Man, halloweencostumes.com, $60The Harry Potter franchise was a wildly successful hit ever since the first book debuted in 1997, but Halloween 2001 was an especially exciting time to be a Potterhead — the first movie hit theaters two weeks after the holiday.Hermione Granger, halloweencostumes.com, $25By 2000, two of the three Austin Powers movies had debuted and a third was in the works. Mike Myers took the title role in the goofy action-comedy trilogy and inspired many trick or treaters that year.  Austin Powers, halloweencostumes.com, $55This box office hit depicts a dystopian future in which the reality perceived by most people is actually a simulated reality called The Matrix. Keanu Reeves starred as Neo. While the outfit might look like it could be from a variety of time periods, no outfit from 1999, the year the movie hit theaters, was complete without a pair of tiny sunglasses.Neo, halloweencostumes.com, $35South Park, the lovably crass cartoon starring four fourth-grade boys, has been widely beloved since its first episode in 1997. The first Halloween after its debut, thousands of trick-or-treaters couldn't wait to dress up like Kenny, the cynical, mumbly one. Kenny, halloweencostumes.com, $40George Clooney starred in the 1997 film Batman & Robin, spawning renewed interest in the classic comic franchise.  Batman, halloweencostumes.com, $30Horror movie Scream, which follows the murder of a teen girl, debuted the same year this costume skyrocketed to number one. That iconic mask still startles and terrifies people today, two decades later. Ghostface, halloweencostumes.com, $25The Star Trek franchise is massive and spans decades, but two Trekkie TV series were both on the air in 1995: Star Trek: Deep Space Nine, which ran from 1993 to 1997 and Star Trek: Voyager, which aired from 1995 to 2001.Uhura, halloweencostumes.com, $25Mighty Morphin Power Rangers, the live-action superhero TV series, hit the air in 1993. By the following Halloween, kids were clamoring to dress up like their favorite color Power Ranger. Power Ranger, halloweencostumes.com, $60Barney & Friends debuted on PBS in 1992 to the delight of kids (and their parents!) across the country. A year later, the cheerful purple tyrannosaurus rex was the most popular Halloween costume in America.Barney, halloweencostumes.com, $45This slinky costume was a smash hit the year Michelle Pfeiffer took on the classic character in Batman Returns. Catwoman, halloweencostumes.com, $50In 1984, Arnold Schwarzenegger starred in The Terminator, a sci-fi movie that mashed up time-travel and assassination. The sequel, Terminator 2: Judgment Day, came out in 1991, and no one was surprised to see Terminator costumes dominate the shelves that Halloween.Terminator, halloweencostumes.com, $70Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles began as comic book characters and quickly spawned a cartoon series, movie series, video games, toys, and more. Who knew that crime-fighting, sewer-dwelling turtles named after Renaissance artists (Donatello, Leonardo, Michaelangelo, and Raphael) would become one of the greatest hits of the '80s and '90s? The TMNJ movie debuted in 1990, making the franchise an especially popular choice that Halloween.Donatello, halloweencostumes.com, $25		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Bazillion-inch heels are hard to walk in!Today, Bella Hadid took a tumble on the Michael Kors runway, reminding us that, like us, she sometimes has trouble walking in bazillion-inch heels.Exhibit B:The model took a tumble on the Michael Kors spring 2017 runway, but recovered with a smile―and like the poet Chumbawamba proselytized, she got up again, never gonna keep her down.So, next time we're teeter-tottering in five-inchers (okay, let's be serious, my ankles start to wobble at three and half), we're going to channel our inner Bella Hadids and just grin and Tubthump it.From: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			A true professional.You never know what might happen while you're strutting your stuff at New York Fashion Week. While walking Christian Siriano's Spring/Summer 2017 show on Sunday, model Alisar Ailabouni suffered a small wardrobe malfunction when one of her earrings fell off just as she was turning at the top of the catwalk. But because there's more to modeling than being really, really, ridiculously good-looking, Alisar handled the situation like a pro — and without batting an eye or breaking her stride, she caught it before it hit the floor.Behold the magic for yourself below:Someone give this girl all the bookings.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			EW. EW. EW. EW. EW. EW. EW.There's no happier feeling than buying a new dress and realizing once you get home that it actually has built-in pockets. (YESSSS!) An anonymous girl on the internet had a similar experience, except instead of finding built-in phone holders, she found the decaying body of a deceased rodent. Mashable reports that Reddit user aronmoney had a friend who bought a new dress online and unfortunately, found this little critter sewn into an inner seam. It's unclear how the mouse got into the dress, but it definitely did not turn out well for the little guy. Other users on the thread have reported similar vomit-inducing stories, like this little gem from ResurrectedToast: My friends daughter found a mouse sewn into her pillow a couple of years ago. She used the pillow for months before the smell started. It was wrapped in the stuffing so the smell had been 'contained', then one day it shifted and the smell was so bad she pukedWell, I definitely won't be shopping or sleeping in the upcoming months. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Your loss is someone else's gain at Alabama's Unclaimed Baggage Center. It's an uncomfortable truth, but there are times in life when your loss truly is someone else's gain. Take the person who left a pair of Tom Ford Whitney sunglasses onboard a plane they boarded in the summer of 2012, for example. I found those gloriously oversized shades at the Unclaimed Baggage Center in Scottsboro, Alabama, in October of that year. I had been coveting them for ages, probably after seeing them on some impossibly toned Real Housewives star in a teeny, tiny bikini. When I saw the price tag of $50, my eyeballs nearly popped out of my head. I made a beeline for the register.How did my beloved sunnies end up in a thrift store one hundred miles from the nearest airport? It's a question Thrillist recently explored, and the backstory is quite fascinating. In the U.S., less than one percent of checked luggage doesn't end up at baggage claim, the outlet reports, but somewhere between 80 to 90 percent of those remaining bags are returned within 48 hours. Ninety-eight percent of lost bags are returned within seven days. From there, the airline dedicates a 90-day period to matching misplaced bags with their rightful owners. In the end, the odds of "truly losing your bag on a U.S. flight [are] one-in-ten-thousand," writes Thrillist's Matt Meltzer.After that, airlines legally own the lost luggage and are liable for reimbursing each passenger up to $3,500, according to The Hill. Customers who feel the compensation offer is fair usually give up the search at that point. Others "overstate what's in the bag to get a bigger insurance payout" and take their chances with the baggage team's fraud department, according to Thrillist. Insurance salesman Doyle Owens founded the Unclaimed Baggage Center in 1970 with $300 and the genius idea to buy abandoned suitcases from a local bus station. He sold the contents of his first bulk purchase on card tables in a rented house. The business was a hit and quickly expanded to buying from both commercial and cargo airlines, which explains the loads of Norma Kamali dresses with tags still on that I encountered during my visit to the 40,000-square-foot retail space. Today, UBC has an exclusive contract with the airlines and stocks nearly 2 million pounds of goods a year—including electronics, athletic gear, books, and wedding dresses. The center makes a good chunk of its money off carry-on items that've been left behind—airlines claim no responsibility for things left in seat-back pockets or overhead bins—resulting in cratefuls of electronic gadgets and other valuables such as, most likely, the sunglasses that now belong to me. There's a philanthropic side to UBC, too, so rest assured that your lost luggage isn't just benefitting greedy deal-seekers like me. The company has relationships with dozens of organizations around the world and regularly donates millions of dollars worth of medical supplies to developing countries. One of its initiatives rebuilds broken wheelchairs for children and adults who need them. Its "Luv Luggage" program supplies hand-painted suitcases to children who are moving into foster homes. Sometimes, I have a fleeting feeling of pity for the woman who misplaced her Whitney sunglasses on a flight. Then again, if I'd paid full retail for anything Tom Ford, I'd probably remember to bring it off the plane with me.From: Country Living US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Classic little sib move. The most exciting week in fashion is upon us and along with New York editors and bloggers, celebs are upping their style game for exclusive Fashion Week events. Kylie Jenner, chic AF style icon, has been sitting front row at a bunch of designer shows (duh), but her calm, cool, collected demeanor doesn't apply when her big sis is walking the runway. Like every proud sister ever, Kylie was majorly embarrassing when it came time for Kendall to take on the Alexander Wang catwalk. When Kenny sauntered past Kylie's seat, Ky screamed her head off, and because Ken is a total professional, she didn't even crack a smile. Impressive. To try to rebuild her totally chill, non-embarrassing sister image, the Lip Kit mogul posed with the famous designer in one of his dazzling silver mini dresses. This brings us to all the other stunning looks Kylie has worn this week, which, in celebration of NYFW, we will take a look at now. That girl sure knows how to ~werk it~.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Newsflash: girls are perfect just the way they are.Florence Braud, a mom in France, was shopping for a bra for her 12-year-old daughter when she discovered a training bra that claims to "erase imperfections."Translation: "'Erase imperfections' and 'smooth out the shape,' says a bra in 70A in a kids section... #We'reReallyNotDoneWithThis Shit" (Bra sizes in France are numbered a little bit differently, but 70A is the smallest size commonly available.)"It saddened me to see that, so soon, she was already suffering the threats [of] femininity," Florence told BuzzFeed News.As Florence's tweet has garnered attention over the past week, more people on Twitter have spoken out to criticize Dim Paris, the brand that makes the bra. "Hello @DIMparis. So according to you, 12-year-old girls have 'imperfections' that should be smoothed out?""Are the imperfections — nipples?"quelles imperfections ?  😠"What imperfections?"Merci @DIMparis d'apprendre aux petites filles que leurs seins sont des "imperfections" https://t.co/Srr3Jo1SQA"Thanks Dim Paris for teaching little girls that their breasts are 'imperfections'."A spokesperson from the Dim told BuzzFeed News, "When we said imperfections, we meant clothing and non-physiological imperfections. This is to erase imperfections materials — folds, overlays, etc. — to make the product smooth and harmonious under clothing."		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Sorry, but it's true.Rihanna stepped out in New York City wearing a giant cape shaped like a heart because she's Rihanna and that's the kind of stunt she pulls. The cape wasn't stapled together from a bunch of Elmos, but rather is by Saint Laurent and costs a cool $15,550. It's good that a muppet didn't have to die to create such a beautiful ode to Bad Gal Rih Rih's love for Drake. (You know that's what it is!)From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She's MAGIC.Dakota Fanning just slinked into the Venice Film Festival wearing a dress that can best be described as a rainbow unicorn holographic sparkle gown from heaven above! She just looks so slinky and magical and I definitely want her to be my fairy godmother.Here's a close-up of the ~shimmery~ magic:Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Slay queen.On Friday night, Chloë Grace Moretz stepped onto her first red carpet post breakup with former beau Brooklyn Beckham, and she was a flowery, flouncy, side-booby perfection. At the Deauville American Film Festival, Chloë was all sleek hair and brow flawlessness. Behold the glory:Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Tell your wallet we said, "You're welcome."It's that time of year again! Labor Day sales are almost in full force, which means you're about to get bombarded with an overwhelming amount of emails, commercials, and advertisements. To make it easier on you, we've done the work of picking out the very best sales that are actually worth shopping and we put them all in one place. We'll continue to update this post as more sales crop up, so don't forget to bookmark it. Get 40% off almost everything site-wide until September 6 at Banana Republic. Just use promo code FALL40 at checkout.Save 40% on all full-priced items using promo code OUTOFOFFICE, plus shop end-of-season deals, including dresses from $45, and pants and skirts from $35.Shop Forever21's end-of-season Labor Day sale featuring a buy one, get one free deal on all sale items. Use promo code BOGOFREE until September 4. Exclusions apply.Everything at GAP Factory is 50% to 70% off until September 6. No promo code needed. At regular GAP, you can get 40% off everything using code SHINEON. They may be changing the code midway through the sale, though, so make sure to check the top of their homepage to confirm.Get 25% off your order of $125 or more, and 30% off your order of $200 or more using promo code SHOPMORE. Valid until September 5.Save up to 70% on furniture, rugs, home decor and more at Joss & Main during their Labor Day pre-sale, and if you're patient enough to wait, starting on September 3, you can also use promo code LDAY2016 for an additional 15% off until September 11.Get 30% off site-wide, excluding regular $10 T-shirt deals. Use code KICKBACK until September 6.Enjoy an extra 25% off sale styles and bags at Kate Spade until September 6 using code DOTTY.Right now you can shop LOFT's sale section at 50% off, plus there's a buy-one-get-one 50% off deal on select regular-priced items.Get up to 40% off select women's casualwear, shoes, suits, and dresses during Lord & Taylor's Labor Day sale. No promo code needed.From now until September 5, you can shop the following Lulu & Georgia tiered deals: Get 15% off orders over $250 with code OUTOFOFFICE15, 20% off orders over $500 with code OUTOFOFFICE20, and 25% off orders over $1,000 with code OUTOFOFFICE25.Get up to 20% off plus free shipping when you spend $50 or more at Macy's using code DEALS (valid until September 5). Use the same promo code to save up to 75% on everything from swimwear to bags to shoes and more. You can also save 70% off select 10K and 14K gold earrings, 30% off mixers and attachments, and get huge reductions on furniture, mattresses and rugs through October 31.Get an extra 25% off Maje's already-reduced summer collection and save up to 70% in total, plus get free shipping on all orders. No promo code needed. Valid through September 5.Save up to 50% on select wear-now items through the weekend, and starting at 9 a.m. on September 5, you can also save 20% on all sale items for 24 hours only, by downloading and shopping from the ModCloth app.Shop Old Navy's pre-Labor Day sale and get 30% off all regularly priced styles by using promo code ENJOY. Additionally, all tees are 50% off, dresses are 40% off, and jeans are 30% off. The sale will likely be updated throughout the weekend.Shop One Kings Lane's gorgeous selections of furniture, bed and bath, and tabletop and kitchen categories at an extra 20% off. No promo code needed.Designer clothes at a major discount? Yes, please! Take an extra 40% off the sale section at Rebecca Taylor using promo code LABORDAY.Shop desert-chic clothing, bags, jewelry and accessories at 20% off using code SESTYLE at checkout. Make sure to take a look at these lapis earrings, featured by our friends over at Redbook.Save up to 50% off during Soludos' end-of-summer sale and stock up on stylish summer espadrilles and sandals. No promo code needed. Save up to 30% on select editor's picks at Topshop until September 6. No promo code needed.Get up to 70% off all things home from Wayfair during their end-of-season Labor Day blowout sale.From: BestProducts		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Take your Poké-obsession to the next level!Ever since Pokémon GO hit your app store, every day has felt like you're in elementary school trading your Pokémon cards with your closest friends on the blacktop during recess.And now that Halloween is right around the corner, why not take your Poké-obsession a step further and dress up like one of your favorite characters on the big night?Need some inspiration? Well, from simple Pikachu and crazy intricate Bellossom costumes to a super creative Pokéstop getup, here are 18 Pokémon-inspired costumes to get you in the Poké-Halloween Spirit. This kid made his own Lugia costume. Awesome! @dallascomiccon pic.twitter.com/k7pclWkrjNThis Lucario cosplay wins in everything pic.twitter.com/r4wSKoKsvvPokemon Ranger cosplay by cosplayer AmphyRainbows (https://t.co/JkruLMtgx3), costume and shoes by @Trustedealcos pic.twitter.com/CoTg1SY0fyThis has to be the best costume I've ever seen! Retweet if you agree! #PokeStop #costume #pokemongo pic.twitter.com/Ai0RIHHjUV		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			So much pretty.When I watch movies set in other time periods (the '60s, the '20s, the 1800s, basically any time that's not 2016), I'm instantly slapped with an intense urge to hit up every thrift store in a 95-mile radius. And thanks to this 100 Years of Shoes video, my wallet is now quivering in terror. I can see my purse vibrating from here. Poor thing. If you're like me, this vid will def give you the thrifting bug, so if you're trying to cut out excess shopping, you might not want to watch. But if you're ready to throw some dollars or have a rock-solid force of will, go ahead and click play, cause it's pretty freaking cool. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Distressed AF.Used to be if you had a hole in your shirt, you'd toss it or try to fix it (but probably just toss it because fixing it is nonsense). But these days, when you get a tear, snag, or rip in your clothes, just make the hole bigger, man. Distressing your clothes is nothing new. I know that, you know that. Our parents remind us of that when we buy new ripped jeans and they brag about how they used to make their own. But the clothes popping up everywhere on celebs and Instagram are next-level distressed. They're shredded. Like shredded-cheese shredded. Like, putting-on-your-shirt-is-hard-because-you-don't-know-which-hole-is-the-neck-hole shredded. And it looks dope. See for yourself below. A post shared by Kylie ✨ (@kyliejenner) on Aug 29, 2016 at 2:07pm PDT Going thru tutorial pics and editing my make up and hair tutorials for my app and found this one @makeupbymario and I did! Can't wait for u guys to see it soon!A post shared by  Kim Kardashian West (@kimkardashian) on Nov 12, 2015 at 1:29pm PST Carefree AFA post shared by  Chanel Iman (@chaneliman) on Mar 8, 2016 at 6:37pm PSTA post shared by Beyoncé (@beyonce) on May 22, 2015 at 6:15pm PDT #IntoYou  spotify: http://republicrec.co/IntoYouSP iTunes: http://republicrec.co/ArianaGrandeIntoYou ♡A post shared by  Ariana Grande (@arianagrande) on Jul 1, 2016 at 3:44pm PDT Thank you Europe/UK 😘🎈A post shared by  badgalriri (@badgalriri) on Aug 21, 2016 at 6:24pm PDT til next time, Paris 😊👋🏼💞A post shared by  Gigi Hadid (@gigihadid) on Jan 28, 2016 at 12:29am PSTFollow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			WARNING: this look is not for amateurs.No matter how you feel about Kylie Jenner, you have to appreciate her daring sense of style. The girl can make rainbow wigs or blue lipstick or clear plastic booties seem like the most natural thing in the world.Even though I'm obsessed with Kylie's style, I don't really dress like her at all. That's partly because I'm not quite as brave as she is — and partly because I'm too lazy to contour or go to a fancy club or throw a party on a yacht in Turks & Caicos for all my friends. Kylie's life may be glam, but it requires effort! Also, I have a feeling my boss would be annoyed if I showed up to work dressed like this:I only break out my Kylie best on special occasions, like last Halloween, when I went for a mash-up of everything I knew she likes: edgy leather, tight skirts, neutral colors, the Victoria's Secret Bombshell bra, and an hour's worth of painstaking contouring.That was almost a year ago, and I haven't had a chance to channel my inner Jenner since. BUT THEN. (Butt. Then.) Kylie dropped a daring new trend on Instagram yesterday: ripped-butt jeans.Was I game? Did I dare test out the buttless-jeans look for myself? I mean, I was fascinated and I couldn't help cracking jokes about it..."One time, Kylie Jenner punched me in the face... It was awesome." pic.twitter.com/ZUT235tB7QBut was I ready to be the literal butt of the joke? There's something irresistible about biting Kylie's style. She's such a risk-taker that once you start to imagine yourself stepping into her Yeezys, it's kind of intoxicating to wonder what could come next. Would channeling her style boost my Snapchat skills? Teach me how to shake off annoying Twitter haters the way she does? Land me a rapper boyfriend?I wasn't about to cut holes into my favorite pair of jeans, so I went to H&M to pick up a pair of medium-wash skinnies for $9.99. I also stopped at a hardware store to purchase a sheet of sandpaper for a dollar. Back at my desk, I put on the jeans and used a pen to mark where I wanted to cut holes. Kylie's rips were directly below each back pocket, so that's where I made my marks. Then I changed out of the jeans, cut an oval over each mark, and destroyed the edges with sandpaper. The entire process took under 10 minutes. I expected to be totally fine wearing these jeans. Yeah, they're a bold look, but I spend all summer in a bikini with my butt hanging out — it's not like these jeans show off anything a bathing suit doesn't. But once I slipped the jeans on, I started to freak out. My pair turned out slightly more conservatively than Kylie's, since my rips landed on my upper thighs instead of on my butt cheeks (it looks like Kylie's pockets were smaller than mine, which affected the placement of the rips). But walking around the Seventeen.com office with two patches of bare skin under my butt was terrifying. I heard one person actually laugh out loud when I walked by. Oh, and BTW: there is not a single activity that does not feel weird in these jeans. My bare skin feels weird on my chair. There's a draft when I walk. I feel extra-creepy riding the escalator.Hanging out at Seventeen.com is one thing, but I needed to take the jeans out for a test drive into the real world. I ventured around the corner to Starbucks. Maybe this sounds obvious, but I felt really awkward showing my butt to everyone at the coffee shop! It felt like the entire world was staring me. I was nervous that the barista would think I was a weirdo... even though I was facing him, so he couldn't even see what I looked like from the back. While sipping my coffee, I texted my mom to see what she thought of the look — without telling her this was all kind of a joke. She was NOT into it. Later, when I called her to explain what was really going on, she reiterated that the bare-butt look is "very inappropriate." And maybe this is just because she's my mom, but she said something really sweet: "You look so good in normal pants. Why rip them?" Awww, Mom!According to @Seventeen's Twitter followers, this trend isn't likely to catch on soon. We polled more than a thousand readers. At press time, around 450 voters say only Kylie could pull off this look, and another 500 say this just looks terrible. Honestly, duh. No one should ever try this in the real world.What are your thoughts on @KylieJenner's booty-baring jeans?A part of me thought that stepping into a Kylie-inspired costume would give me Kylie-levels of confidence. On Halloween, I felt like a hot, fabulous, social media princess. It was great! But it turns out that in real life, not on a holiday, the role I feel most comfortable playing is myself, regular old butt jeans and all. Hannah is the assistant features editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You turn to your horoscope for insight into your love life, friendship, and school, so why not look to the stars for style guidance, too? Just in time for back to school, Jupiter shifts on September 10, which will shake up your wardrobe (and your life) in major ways. Kimberly Dewhirst, the astrologist at Star Sign Style, is here to guide you through the season's biggest trends.You turn to your horoscope for insight into your love life, friendship, and school, so why not look to the stars for style guidance, too? Just in time for back to school, Jupiter shifts on September 10, which will shake up your wardrobe (and your life) in major ways. Kimberly Peta Dewhirst, the astrologist at Star Sign Style, is here to guide you through whatever fashion crisis this season has in store for you.Lately, your life has been go-go-go, and you've just barely managed to keep your head above water. But once fall hits, you're going to dance through the semester flawlessly. These ballet-inspired shoes will make you look as graceful as you feel — plus they're way comfy, which means you don't need to worry about any stumbles along the way. Lace-up flats are just as chic in the dance studio as they are at school. Lace-Up Leather Ballet Flats, Zara, $70.Jupiter moves into your house of health and wellness this fall, which means it's a perfect time to hit the gym. Boring workout gear = a blah workout, so why not amp up your look with a set of fresh, '90s-inspired sweats? Athleisure has been hot for awhile now, but the retro twist is the newest (coolest) way to rock this trend. Lightweight Camo Crop + Jogger Set, Boohoo, $16.Everything you love about fall boils down to one color: those crisp orange leaves, your mom's pumpkin pie, and your fave Pumpkin Spice Latte at Starbucks are all the perfect shade of burnt orange. The trendy color's warmth reflects all the positive vibes headed toward Gemini this fall. This is the right time to tackle a new creative project (like auditioning for the school play). The blazing color is a reminder that you have what it takes to see it through — you just need to channel your energy toward something that really matters to you. Suedette Dungaree Dress, Boohoo, $30.As a Cancer, you're always affectionate, in touch with your emotions, and feel things deeply, so a furry coat is right up your alley. It's basically the equivalent of a big hug. This fall, Jupiter moves into your Fourth House — the house that controls all things related to home. The coat's cuddly texture will make you feel right at home no matter where you are. Boxy Faux Fur Jacket, Forever 21, $31.You're the sign of the lion, so this trend is purrrfect for you. It's time for your to make new friends and boost your network. Leopard print highlights your natural confidence. Prepare to be unstoppable this fall.Leopard Print Skater Dress, Forever 21, $25.Hey there, girlboss. You've been working hard, and you're about to be rewarded in a major way: think amazing grades, an influx of cash, tons of praise. Brocade is a luxe fabric fit for a queen — aka YOU! Try it in a skirt or dress to play up your girly side. Metallic Brocade Mini Skirt, Forever 21, $11.This year is gonna be BIG. Nothing's holding you back anymore — and that means it's time to try a bold trend. You can pull off an outfit that makes a statement, starting with a pair of over-the-knee boots. Yes, they turn heads. And that's exactly the point. Stretch Leg High Heel Boots, Zara, $90.It's been a crazy-busy summer for you, but the good news is that you can look forward to a much chiller fall, when you'll finally have time to relaaaax. This warm shearling coat is the kind of super cozy piece you can throw over any outfit and hibernate inside of when you're feeling totally drained.Shearling-Trim Suede Coat, Forever 21, $37.Fall will be a carefree season for you: bring on friends, good times, and a zillion laughs. Basic jeans bore you — you need something bedazzled and studded or ripped and frayed (or all four!) to come even close to your level. The more awesome the jeans, the better they are for epic weekend hangout seshes with your girls.Studded Super Rip Mom Jeans, Topshop, $90.The spotlight's on you! Lucky Capricorn, it's your time to shine. Maybe you'll win your run for student council, become team captain, or land the lead in the school play. Wearing velvet is like an instant life upgrade — suddenly, you look like a sophisticated baller. Slay on; we'll all bow down.Velvet Sweetheart Mini Dress, Urban Outfitters, $69.Even if you've never been outside the U.S., you have a bucket list of places to visit and can't wait to study abroad in college. Why not drift off to Paris... at least when it comes to your wardrobe? This year's coolest accessory is a square scarf tied around your neck. Pick a color scheme that coordinates with the rest of your wardrobe to maximize its usefulness. The French-inspired accessory will help you channel your intense case of wanderlust this fall (and hey, it's cheaper than a plane ticket). Patterned Square Neck Scarf, Urban Outfitters, $12.Fall is always a time of transition — new school year, new classes, new teachers. But this season, you're going through an even bigger period of growth. Maybe you're about to DTR with your new bae, or score your dream internship. You need strength and resilience right now to stay calm during the ups and downs that come with big life changes. Patent leather is like armor for cool girls. Nothing can touch you!Patent Leather Baseball Cap, Boohoo, $14.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Steal this idea for homecoming... if you dare.There were a ton of eye-popping outfits at the MTV Video Music Awards on Sunday, including angel wings around Beyoncé's neck and, um, whatever Ansel Elgort showed up in. But one of the craziest outfits didn't get the screen time it deserved — that's YouTube star Shannon Boodram's latex dress featuring condom pasties and a condom belt. Shannon is also a clinical sexologist and the co-host of MTV's "How To" series, which educates viewers on the importance of safe sex. She partnered with Trojan to make a major fashion statement at Sunday's award show. The condom belt was created custom for Shannon by stylist Arielle Silva.Condoms are the only way to significantly reduce the risk of sexually transmitted infections (STIs), which makes them crucial for anyone who's sexually active. Considering that one in four sexually active teen girls have an STI, Shannon's look isn't just cute — it's actually a really important way to raise awareness about condoms.Who knew condoms could be kind of chic?RELATED: 14 Questions Every Girl Has About Condoms — Answered		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Your fave celebs really brought the heat. Your fave celebs really brought the heat.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The style didn't stop at midnight.Now that you're done drooling over the Video Music Awards red carpet style, it's time to lust over the after-hours fashion game.  		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Have we seen these looks before?The hottest award show in the music world is in full swing, so obvs the hottest girl band in the world brought their fashion A game. Fifth Harmony stepped onto the 2016 MTV VMAs white carpet in some majorly steamy all-black looks, showing lots of skin and tons of sass. 5H's stunning looks made us do a double take because 1. they look fierce AF, and 2. we're pretty sure we've seen them rock this vibe before. The group's vampy style is giving us major flashbacks to their ensembles at the Billboard Music Awards back in May. Obvs the they're not total outfit repeaters (like the rest of us mortals), but some of the gowns are pretty similar. Camila Cabello is once again wearing a high-neck black gown with some majorly metallic neck candy, Ally Brook is rocking a sheer long-sleeve black mermaid dress with a structured train, and Lauren Jauregui is flaunting it in another simple floor-length black gown. Normani Hamilton and Dinah-Jane Hansen are the only two who debuted totally new looks.Let's be real, though, all-black everything is kind of 5H's ~thing~. Let's relive some of their past black-on-black red carpet slayage, shall we?Check out every killer red carpet look from the 2016 MTV Video Music Awards.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She walked MTV's white carpet with Blue Ivy and many of the women from Lemonade. Beyoncé will be performing at the MTV Video Music Awards tonight and she's also poised to walk away with arms full of Moon Man trophies, as she's nominated for 11 awards. But she's already the evening's winner in my book because she arrived on the white carpet at Madison Square Garden looking like a literal angel. The glittery naked dress had a long skirt and long sleeves — and a feathery neckline that extended out around the back, giving it the impression of wings. Beyoncé looked so stunning that Grace Helbig, who was on the carpet at the same time, said afterward that, "It changed me."She walked the carpet along with daughter Blue Ivy, who also looked adorable and angelic in a pale pink dress that had a metallic top and a fluffy asymmetrical skirt.Photographers swarmed around the pair, and Beyoncé immediately went mama bear on them, asking for space for her daughter. Blue didn't look super comfortable with all the commotion, and Beyoncé walked Blue off the carpet before she came back out for more pictures alone.OR SO IT SEEMED. Beyoncé then took up the entire carpet with a dozen women who appeared in Lemonade; they were also part of her entourage at the event, making for a powerful moment of solidarity.From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She's such a good look for them! Scoring a Victoria's Secret modeling contract is still considered really major for models (Kendall Jenner said it was a dream come true for her to walk in the fashion show last year), and Zuri Tibby can now count herself among the big time. Victoria's Secret announced Wednesday that Zuri is the newest PINK model, joining Rachel Hilbert as a face of the college-geared brand. Zuri was first discovered when she was 15 years old. She recently told Yahoo in an interview that before her big break, she was working in a café at a playground.  "I was walking around the mall after work and [someone from my now] agency came up to me," Tibby told Yahoo. "They were kinda following me around a little bit. I was a little scared and shy when they came up to me and gave me their card. I'd never been approached and asked to model before, so it was a shock."Since taking on her modeling career, Zuri has appeared in Teen Vogue, Interview, and Cosmopolitan magazine. Tibby will now star in all of Victoria's Secret PINK's upcoming campaigns and events along with Rachel.Tibby's striking features are so gorgeous that I don't think they'll ever need Photoshopping — or even a filter, TBH. She's flawless!  I'm hungryA post shared by  Zuri (@angelzuri) on Aug 13, 2016 at 5:47pm PDT WindyA post shared by  Zuri (@angelzuri) on Aug 20, 2016 at 11:43am PDTFrom: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			This customer is clapping back real hard. Zara is facing some serious legal drama right now. Filing a $5 million lawsuit against the fast-fashion retailer, shopper Devin Rose is accusing the retail company of "deceptive pricing." In the suit, Devin alleges that instead of pricing its merchandise in U.S. dollars, Zara often lists euros. Devin states that the brand uses significantly higher exchange rates for garments, leading them to charge more.Devin claims to have been incorrectly charged at Zara's Sherman Oaks store in California this past May. According to the lawsuit, "the actual euro-dollar exchange rate would have resulted in his €9.95 shirts costing approximately $11.26 each. Instead, however, Zara charged Mr. Rose $17.90 per garment, a markup of nearly 60 percent."If Devin wins the lawsuit, this could potentially be a big payday for any other individuals in a "similarly situated" scenario. If customers have proof showing they were overcharged, they can join in on the case and share the settlement amount. A spokesperson from Zara recently released a statement to the Fashion Law denying these claims:Zara USA vehemently denies any allegations that the company engages in deceptive pricing practices in the United States. While we have not yet been served the complaint containing these baseless claims, we pride ourselves in our fundamental commitment to transparency and honest, ethical conduct with our valued customers. We remain focused on providing excellent customer service and high-quality fashion products at great value for our customers. We look forward to presenting our full defense in due course through the legal process.Devin was still not here for it and released this statement in response: Zara's response so far has been beyond bizarre and desperate. Their unlawful conduct is not up for debate, as anyone who goes into a Zara store in the United States can see with their own two eyes that Zara is pricing clothing in euros and charging consumers drastically above the lowest tag price in dollars which is illegal. U.S. laws require that a retailer charge the consumer the lowest tag price — not grossly inflated amounts using fake conversion rates. If Zara wants to double down on its duplicity, instead of acting like a responsible corporate citizen and fixing the mess of its own making, they should be prepared to face the wrath of the American consumer and the full force of the law.From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Sorry, guys. Earlier this week, Gigi Hadid snapped a photo of herself wearing a pink hoodie featuring a graphic of her and her sister Bella along with the words "Belgie Tour" in a Barbie-inspired font. Immediately, the Internet took notice and wanted their own Belgie merch, which was being sold by online boutique Urban Sophistication. Given both Hadid sisters' love of personalized apparel, it seemed an obvious endeavor for them and it was assumed by many that the tees and sweatshirts were the product of a collaboration between the models and the site. Unfortunately for Gigi and Bella fans though, the items were not created in affiliation with the Hadid sisters, nor did the boutique have their seal of approval to sell them — despite what many media outlets reported. Gigi took to Twitter on Friday evening to clear things up, adding that the use of their likeness on these products was not legal. (Though she admittedly loves them.) There's been some confusion about the "Bella and Gigi Tour" sweatshirts. We are not affiliated with their production(cont) We were sent them, and we love them  as a fan creation, but selling them using our likeness isn't legal.The items have since been removed from Urban Sophistication's website. But if you're dying for some Hadid merch, don't lose hope. Gigi also tweeted that she and Bella would be sure to make an official announcement should they decide to do their own line. Regardless of what you read, wait for our 👍🏼. @bellahadid and I will 100% let you know if/when we decide to put out our own merch :) ❤️❤️❤️And considering all the attention this fake merch has received, perhaps they'll be even more likely to give their fans what they so clearly want. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Harper's BAZAAR US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She didn't quite get the cover but Kylie still appears in the mag.Kylie Jenner remained fairly quiet as the rest of the world was congratulating Kendall Jenner on her September cover of Vogue. The rest of the Kardashian clan was all over Instagram posting pics of Kendall's cover and congratulating her on her major achievement, but best pal and younger sis Kylie didn't follow suit.And we think we may have found the reason why, as it turns out, the young social media star is actually in the issue herself, which is pretty cool for both Jenner sisters. in a room with a bunch of people I love, looking at this cover made me cry. I FUCKING DID IT. SEPTEMBER VOGUE. this is the coolest thing ever! can't thank you enough Anna, for giving me the honor. @voguemagazine’s September issue, photographed by @mertalas and @macpiggott and styled by @tonnegood! See the cover story and photos in the link in my bio. ❤️A post shared by  Kendall (@kendalljenner) on Aug 11, 2016 at 6:01am PDTWhile Kendall landed the cover – well, she is a model by trade – Kylie got to try her hand at modeling inside the cover for a feature called "Fall's New Look: 8 Rising Stars in the Season's Freshest Styles".Kylie models the chicest Gucci dress we have ever seen, which is worlds away from the sportswear luxe vibe the 19-year-old rocks regularly on her Snapchat. Vogue even describes it as a dress that "might have been dreamed up specifically for social-media royalty."Other stars taking part in the shoot include Zendaya and Willow and Jaden Smith.While Kylie hasn't yet commented on social media about Kendall's cover, she can be seen in this behind-the-scenes vid looking super excited for her sister's big moment. What happens when you get your first @voguemagazine September issue cover. Filmed by @carloalbertoorecchia. See the full cover story in the link in my bio. Music by @kungsmusicA post shared by  Kendall (@kendalljenner) on Aug 11, 2016 at 10:35am PDTSo that's Kim and Kendall who have both appeared on the cover of Vogue – will Kylie be next? We'll just have to wait and see...Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan UK		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Remi, 19, is a wizard in the art of Instagram bait.The first thing you do when you get into college is buy a million pieces of merch — but the T-shirts and baseball hats at the campus bookstore can feel weirdly boring, as if created in a world where Nasty Gal and Zara don't exist.When Remi Lubcher got into Syracuse University two years ago, she refused to settle for basic college gear — or for shirts that looked boxy on her curvy body."I wanted to create something that was edgier and different," Remi, 19, told Seventeen.com. "And something good for girls who have a little bit more of a chest."Remi decided to launch Snipped and Styled, a company that transforms basic collegiate clothing into trendy designs with a custom fit."Snipped and Styled was pretty organic for me," says Remi, who is from Armonk, NY. "I would cut up my college shirts and post them on Instagram and wear them in the halls. People would stop me and be like, 'Oh my gosh, can you do this to my shirt?'" As the requests came in, Snipped and Styled grew. Her Instagram has over 7,000 followers and she receives about 200 orders a week, keeping her busy enough (especially between studying advertising and doing PR for her sorority) that she also has two or three paid college employees working for her every semester.Originally, girls would give Remi their shirts to cut, but she now stocks up on her own inventory of apparel in multiple sizes. She buys clothes from the schools that she gets the most orders from, like Syracuse and the University of Michigan, and then sells the shirts, sweatshirts, joggers, and bandeaus with her own twist of style."I realize that my consumer is a college student on a college budget, so I try to keep my prices affordable. They range from $39-$59 depending on the garment you choose," says Remi.One thing Remi's learned is that's crucial for the money she makes to go back into the business and pay for things like inventory and worker wages. But she still treats herself — she was able to pay for her own spring break trip last year and takes herself to Drake concerts. While Remi's profits have skyrocketed in the past two years, she doesn't care as much about the money as she does the mission — cool clothes for cool girls of all shapes and sizes."I have a bigger chest so even though I create all of these skimpy, sexy designs, I can't always wear them," says Remi. "[The design], snipped and ripped, is great because any girl can wear that, you don't have to be bone thin or flat chested."In fact, she started selling one of her most popular products with that in mind. "I started selling bandeaus because not every girl has an A cup," says Remi. "Free the nips is a huge thing right now, but I would not be able to do that at all."Snipped and Styled's strappy, personalized clothes are basically Instagram bait."I credit Instagram for so much of my success," says Remi. "Sure, I go to a big university and I know a lot of people and my friends go to universities and they have friends who follow me, but the amazing thing about Instagram is that then their friends follow me and their friends follow me. It's so crazy. It's really just become something huge that I never would have imagined and I'm so grateful for that." Remi has two more years at Syracuse until she graduates, and she wants to eventually expand beyond the college apparel business. But for now, she's very happy with the student life."I'm in college. I love college gear. When someone sees their college, whether they are in college or they've graduated, their faces light up. It's just such an exciting pride."		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			PRAISE BE!Since Justin Bieber deactivated his Instagram account, you might be having withdrawals from that angelic face, those delicious biceps, and that hair – oh, that hair! But the Biebs has your back, so he's releasing a line of Purpose Tour merch at Forever 21, some of which has his face on it (not his biceps, though, srry).The entire collection is under $35 (thanks, Justin!), so if you didn't fork out $2,000 to see the Purpose Tour IRL, you can fake it with this line. It drops August 22 online and in stores August 29. Now, enough about the boring stuff, here's every single piece in the collection.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Srsly, book this girl on Keeping Up With The Kardashians.You probably have a list of stars who you follow for outfit inspo, right? Well, six-year-old Sophia loves celebrity style so much that she recreates the looks for her Instagram account — and has gained over 4,000 followers.Here she is looking super sassy in her Kylie look-a-like ripped tee dress. And here she is totally working Kendall's signature laid-back vibe like a pro.And here's another where she's teaching Selena Gomez a thing or two about accessorizing. Sophia's own style is pretty on point, too. This six-year-old probably has more designer handbags than you and your friends put together. We'll leave you with this pic of Sophia rocking a pair of Kylie-inspired Gladiators like we never could.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan UK		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The old rule that says shorts must extend farther than your fingertips disproportionately affects women and "promotes victim blaming in the case of sexual harassment among students."Like so many high school students before her, Hollie Sikes of Knoxville, Tennessee, is tired of what she calls the "irrationally strict" dress code at her school. Specifically, the rule that states that all shorts must extend at least as far as fingertip-length on an extended arm or longer. According to a petition posted by Hollie on Change.org last week, the rule disproportionately affects women, whose shorts are almost always cut significantly shorter than men's. "We cannot ignore the simple truth that clothing stores do not sell a wide variety of shorts for girls that are below fingertip length," Hollie writes, "so young women are forced to wear long pants and jeans in 90 to 100 degree weather simply to avoid suspension." A quick survey of e-commerce sites proves Hollie's point. Of the 248 pairs of shorts currently available on Forever21.com, only three actually extend below the models' fingertips. The situation is similar at H&M, where only one pair in 30 actually extends below the model's upper thigh. And of the 89 pairs of shorts on American Eagle's website, only five appear to be long enough to satisfy the school district's dress code.Administrators often argue that rules limiting skin exposure are necessary for maintaining order and focus in the classroom, but Hollie isn't buying it. "In conversations with many teachers and male students I have been told time and time again that shorts above fingertip length do not present a distraction in class," Hollie wrote in her petition. What's more, such rules "[promote] victim blaming in the case of sexual harassment among students," which Hollie says is all too prevalent at her school even with the rule. "Are we as a county seriously willing to send a girl home and deprive her of her education simply because her shorts are 'too short'?" Hollie asks. "You are prioritizing the sexualization of a woman's body over her right to learn and grow as a human being."So far, Hollie's petition has gained over 2,900 signatures, but she is hoping to bring that total up to 5,000 before presenting it to the Knox County Board of Education and the superintendent of schools, Buzz Thomas.From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's sooo ~Gigi~.We weren't sure what to expect when Gigi Hadid announced her very first clothing line, but her Tommy x Gigi collection is crazy cute. It's preppy and nautical, with lots of blue and white stripes and anchor graphics, but it's got a cool factor that goes beyond good styling and a great model. The blue and silver admiral's jacket that Gigi posted on Instagram yesterday, for instance, would look amazing on just about anyone, with or without those sick black leather moto pants.Other standout pieces from the collection include a chunky white sweater dress and a nautical cape that will make you look at your old fall coat and groan at how incurably uncool it is by comparison.The collection won't be available for purchase until Sept. 10 and there's no news yet about just how much the pieces will cost. They look pretty luxe though, so you might want to prepare yourself to spend big.If the "finest Italian yarn" is a little outside your price range, however, you can register here for a chance to win the entire collection.Check out more looks from the collection below and start imagining how insanely cute you would look if you actually won all these amazing clothes. There's also an adorable video of Gigi smiling and pushing racks around and looking generally gorgeous, as she always does.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Yikes. New York-based jewelry company Pamela Love is not having it with Nasty Gal right now. The accessories company is taking Nasty Gal to court for allegedly stealing three of their original designs: the Five Spike earring, Dagger Rosary necklace, and Talon cuff. According to the Fashion Law, the company is suing Nasty Gal for "copyright infringement." You can see the copied designs here. Their report also says that Pamela Love is seeking up to $30,000 for damages. Love's lawsuit says that back in 2014, they reached out to the brand, asking Nasty Gal to take down the three designs from their website. However, they say the brand ignored their request and continued to sell the accessories based on Love's designs for a year and a half after. After this lawsuit was filed, the three designs immediately vanished from Nasty Gal's website.Love's lawsuit states: "Nasty Gal is a serial infringer, relying on a business model that ignores the intellectual property rights of others." Love is requesting that Nasty Gal immediately remove and cease all sales of their merchandise and pay for their damages. Nasty Gal has not yet released a statement in defense of their lawsuit. Follow @Seventeen on Instgram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Because you know rules were made to be broken, right?Just like how wearing white after Labor Day is now totally a thing, fashion rules are constantly changing — and some were never even real to begin with. So forget what you've been told about styling your denim and click through for some awesome back-to-school outfit ideas that will totally change how you wear your jeans.  Uhh, wrong! After the years-long reign of the skinny jean, flared jeans are back in a major way. Pair a lightly faded pair with an off-the-shoulder top and neutral platforms for a look that's both trendy and flirty.AEO Denim X4 Artist Flare Jean $49.95, ae.com; Off-Shoulder T-Shirt, $50, mango.com; Take a Bow Black and Gold Tassel Earrings, $12, lulus.com; Daonna handbag, $45, callitspring.com; Steve Madden Kierra Camel Nubuck Leather Platforms, $99, lulus.comIf you're on the petite side, ankle-length denim can actually make you look taller (mind blown, right?) — if you know how to style it. Rock a cropped pair, like these from American Eagle Outfitters' X4 collection, with metallic ankle booties and a breezy top for a quirky-cool look that works just as well in the hallways as it does on Friday nights.AEO Super Soft Indigo Jegging Crop, $29.95, ae.com; Kate Spade New York Things We Love 12ct Gold-Plated Eye Earrings, $45, selfridges.com; Animal Print Blouse, $25, mango.com; Galveston Heart Bag, $30, callitspring.com; ADONI Silver Leather Boot, $120, missselfridge.comSure, classic blue denim may feel predictable by the time second semester rolls around, but guess what? Denim doesn't have to stop at blue — the trick is to choose a shade that goes with everything in your closet, like this burgundy pair from American Eagle Outfitters' X4 collection. Rock this colorful pair with neutral accessories to let the unexpected hue shine.AEO Sateen X4 Jegging, $54.95, ae.com; Printed Linen T-shirt, $15, mango.com; Maypen Bracelet Set, $12, aldoshoes.com; Faux Leather Biker Jacket, $105, warehouse-london.com; Stone Leopard Print Suedette Flared Heel Ankle Boots, $40, newlook.comRemember that whole don't judge a book by its cover thing? You probably shouldn't judge a pant by its name either. Instead, make like a style blogger and pair your boot-cut jeans with flat, lace-up sandals and boho accessories for a fun, trendy look that's as cute as it is comfortable.AEO Denim X4 Skinny Kick Jean, $44.95, ae.com; Chinese Laundry Guess Who Sandals, $30,6pm.com; Gabriella Rocha Leonie Whipstitch Turnlock Crossbody, $18, 6pm.com; Chain Detail Top, $15, mango.com; 5 Pack Multicolored Tassel Pineapple Bracelets, $8, newlook.comRipped skinnies (or boyfriend-cuts, if that's more your style) are a closet staple of It-Girls everywhere, and for good reason: They look just as good dressed-up as they do dressed-down. For date night, pair a heavily distressed pair with a cool open blazer, heeled booties, and streamlined accessories — the dressier add-ons will serve as a perfect counterpart to your go-to bottoms.AEO Denim X4 Skinny Jean, $59.95, ae.com; Hangtuff Caged Booties, $60, ninewest.com; Black Crochet Trim T-Shirt, $21, newlook.com; Chain Lariat Necklace, $22, missselfridge.com; Totally Boss Cropped Red Blazer, $49,lulus.comSo you've got long legs? High-waisted jeans are the perfect style to show off those gorgeous gams. Balance 'em out with on-trend kicks and a cropped striped tee — your lengthy stems will be the star of the show.AEO Denim X4 Hi-Rise Jegging, $49.95, ae.com; Striped Crop Top, $5.90, zara.com; Shell Pink Reversible Lace Bomber Jacket, $46,newlook.com; Black Badge Backpack, $30, newlook.com; Steve Madden Decaff sneakers, $50, 6pm.comAs far as we're concerned, super-skinny jeans were made to show off curves. Not to mention, jeggings are arguably the most versatile of denim styles. Pairing them with a flowy, fringed top will keep all eyes on you. Pro tip: For the best fit that'll last all day (and then some), try a pair with major stretch, like these from American Eagle Outfitters' Denim X4 Collection, for max comfort without baggy knees. AEO Super Soft X4 Jegging, $54.95, ae.com; Aselalle Necklace, $12.98, callitspring.com; Violeta Fringed Cotton Blouse, $35, mango.com; Return Saddle Bag, $17.99, callitspring.com; Luvmuffin Slip-On Sneakers, $40, ninewest.comYes, you can wear skinny jeans with a tight shirt — or even, a bodysuit. Swap your your tried-and-true white tee for a sleek bodysuit, and finish off the look with funky slip-on sneaks. For school and chilly nights, top it off with a satin bomber to stay warm without sacrificing style.AEO Denim X4 Jegging, $49.95, ae.com; Black Graffiti Badge Print Bodysuit, $17, newlook.com; Satin Bomber Jacket, $60, mango.com; Choker Pack, $22.90, zara.com; Grey Snakeskin Print Slip On Plimsolls, $21, newlook.comBecause of its rap as seriously slimming, dark-colored denim usually gets all the glory. Unfair, we say, not to mention, totally unnecessary since light-washes are equally as flattering. Just pair it with a dark top and neutral accessories for a seasonal look that slays, no matter your size.AEO Super Soft X4 Jegging, $54.95, ae.com; Violeta Pocket Printed Blouse, $40, mango.com; McDermitt Plaid Scarf, $25, aldoshoes.com; Violeta Wool-Blend Knit Cape, $80, mango.com; Red Patent Block Heel Chelsea Boots, $40, newlook.comStraight-legs are coming back from dad-bod purgatory, guys. The easy silhouette looks super fresh (and decidedly un-dadlike) when worn with a colorful crop top and boho accessories. AEO Denim X Straight Crop Jean, $49.95, ae.com; Fossil Dot Perf Belt, $20.99, 6pm.com; Floral Crop Top, $19.99, mango.com; X-Ray Edition Gold and Tortoise Sunglasses, $14, lulus.com; Intome Espadrilles, $29.99, ninewest.com		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			So much red, white, and blue. So much red, white, and blue. Consetta Caruccio-LenzIn a pre-spandex world, jumping over a pommel horse was a medal-worthy feat, even without flips and twists.Marian BaroneIt's sort of like an oversize baby onesie with a beauty queen sash. At least it doesn't look constricting!Muriel Davis In the 1950s, everyone wore their pants up around their armpits. Even their track pants. Sharon Richardson, Doris Fuchs, Muriel DavisThe blue tracksuit would eventually become a staple of every U.S. Olympic gymnastics team. Muriel GrossfeldThis look is brought to you by hair spray: too much is never enough!Cathy RigbyGymnasts just keep getting younger and younger, right?!Cathy RigbyNo "USA"? No red, white, and blue? What's going on here?Mary Lou RettonThat's better. America!Tracee TalaveraThese prints are starting to get quite elaborate.Team USAAgain with the blue tracksuits. Phoebe MillsWhoa! Now those are abs! Team USA: Betty Okino, Wendy Bruce, Dominique Dawes, Shannon Miller, Kerri Strug, Kim ZmeskalIs there anything more '90s than a giant printed Windbreaker?Dominique DawesThis was the year Team USA started experimenting with metallic prints like the big gold star on the side of this leotard.Shannon MillerFor the most part, all the uniforms this year were white.Kerri StrugThis one had a blue sleeve, though, so that's a little different.Shannon MillerShe was the queen of gymnastics in the '90s, and that scrunchie was her crown. Team USA: Amanda Borden, Dominique Dawes, Amy Chow, Jaycie Phelps, Dominique Moceanu, Kerri Strug, Shannon MillerWindbreakers required; pants optional. (Really, Kerri Strug broke her ankle landing her final vault of the team competition and couldn't get her foot through the leg of her track pants.) Elise RayMore white. This time with slightly metallic red sleeves.Jamie DantzscherRed, white, and blue. All at the same time. Novel!Dominique DawesSolid red with just a hint of white — a bold departure for Team USA. Sort of. Not really. Carly PattersonAnd we're back to white. Courtney KupetsWhoa! Purple. Weird. Although, if you think about it, purple is just red and blue mixed together. Shawn JohnsonBack to red, but this time with crystals! ~*SpaRkLy*~Courtney KupetsMore bling!Mohini BhardwajNo crystals this time, but the metallic red on this leotard sparkles almost as well. Team USA: Bridget Sloan, Alicia Sacramone, Samantha Peszek, Chellsie Memmel, Nastia Liukin, Shawn JohnsonHere are metallics and sparkles at the same time.Nastia LiukinAnd again.Nastia LiukinAnd again. Is anyone else starting to notice a trend?Shawn JohnsonYou can't say Team USA doesn't commit to a look.Nastia LiukinIt's pretty much exactly the same as what Shawn Johnson wore that day but in white. Not that there is anything wrong with that. There are only so many ways to switch these things up.From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			They get as many fittings as a wedding dress!The US women's gymnastics team is dominating the competition at this year's Olympics in Rio — both with their sick flips and their sparkly leotards. Cosmopolitan.com spoke on the phone with Kelly McKeown, chief design officer and EVP of corporate relations for GK Elite, which has been making Team USA's Olympic leotards since 2000. Turns out there's a lot more to these leotards than just spandex and Swarovski crystals. 1. It takes two years to design and produce the leotards worn by the US gymnastics team at the Olympics."There's a lot of research and development that goes into it," says Kelly. "It's something you don't want to rush. If you want to use a new technique, if you want to experiment, then you have to wear-test it, you have to wash-test it, you have to make sure that it's not going to fail on the competition floor." 2. Sleeveless leotards are considered unpolished for competition, but covering your legs is frowned upon.According to Kelly, there is no rule against covering your legs, but when it does happen, people always notice and comment on it. Even if that wasn't the case, Kelly doesn't believe any of the women on the US team would choose to do it. "There's a lot of beauty that can be put into the arm of a leotard that is part of the showmanship when you're moving your arms around and the design is so beautiful," says Kelly. "but I think it would be a little too much to have the legs covered and with all the tumbling that they do, I don't think they would ever want that. "There are athletes from countries with religious rules about skin exposure that have worn [coverings on their legs], but I haven't seen that at the Olympics. I don't think those countries are really that highly involved in the sport at this level. I can't speak with absolute authority on that, but I've been in the industry for a long time and I know I've seen long legs, but in a random case where everybody talks about it like Oh my gosh! Did you see that?"3. Every leotard is custom made to fit the athlete's body perfectly."The athletes have such extreme body types that there is no way we could just cut a standard pattern," says Kelly. "For example, Simone Biles is incredibly muscular, but she's a mighty little package, so she has big shoulder and very little hips, so literally every part of her leotard is custom."This custom fit is how Kelly ensures that the leotards don't bunch or ride up when the athletes are competing. In other words, no wedgies or camel toes.4. Athletes get up to three fittings for each leotard, the same number of fittings most women get for a wedding dress!Kelly and her team travel directly to the athletes, meeting up with them at competitions and training facilities to conduct the fittings in person. First, every athlete is measured. Then, prototype suits are brought for key athletes to try on before they are produced for the team as a whole.It takes about four to six weeks to produce each leotard, at which point they are brought to the athletes for a preliminary fitting. The leotards are then adjusted and a second fitting is conducted just a few days before heading to the Olympics. Usually, only two fittings are needed, but sometimes, due to training or stress, athletes bodies go through significant changes between the first and second fittings, in which case a third fitting is added, just to make sure everything is as close to perfect as possible.5. Athletes also get custom bras and briefs to wear underneath their leotards.These are essential because exposed underwear can result in a deduction at competitions like the Olympics.6. The athletes do not get to pick their own leotards.They offer their opinions at fittings and when testing out prototypes, but coach Marta Karolyi has the final say.7. A female gymnast's Olympic wardrobe can cost up to $12,000 and many of the pieces will never even be seen at the Olympics.Each member of the US women's gymnastics team gets 12 practice leotards, which cost between $60 and $200 each, and 8 competition leotards, which cost between $700 and $1200 each depending on how many crystals are used in the design. With only four competition days and most members of the team not competing all four days, that means that many of the leos go unseen at the Olympics, although the athletes are welcome to wear them at other competitions later.8. The leotards worn by Team USA in the qualification round had almost 5000 crystals each.GK Elite only uses Swarovski crystals, which is part of why the leotards are so expensive. 9. The gymnasts do not pay for their competition wardrobes. USA Gymnastics, the national governing board for the sport of gymnastics in the United States, covers all those costs and more.From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			They're pretty similar, tbh...Back in March, Forever 21 was blasted by fans for stocking a rapeyT-shirt and now, an indie brand is calling our the fast fashion retailer for allegedly stealing their designs, Fashionista reports. Sporty and Rich, an online retailer and magazine, posted a photo on their Instagram of their hoodie captioned "when @forever21 copies you ❤️". Forever 21 is currently selling a sweatshirt that's very similar to the one pictured above, which Sporty and Rich reportedly released two years ago. Emily Oberg, owner of Sporty and Rich and designer of the original hoodie, says that she wasn't shocked when fans alerted her to the similar design. "I feel like it's a known fact that they copy a lot of people's designs, especially the small guys who don't have a team of lawyers behind them," she told Seventeen.comShe also says that she's going to pursue legal action against the fashion retailer. "I am looking into it now. Before I wasn't going to but I feel like they always get away with stuff like this and it needs to come to an end. When you're a small entity and are the only one running your business, your creativity and ideas is all you have. [Your ideas are] invaluable and need to be protected," Oberg said.  Seventeen.com reached out to Forever 21 for comment and will update this post when a response is given.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Do not try this at home. If you haven't caught a glimpse of the 100 layers challenges taking over the internet right now, let me catch you up real quick: Vloggers have been challenging themselves to put on 100 layers of anything. It all started with 100 layers of nail polish. Next came foundation, lipstick, mascara, face masks, hairspray, tanning lotion, and now (drum roll) clothes. Cosmopolitan.com tried out the challenge with a hot guy trying on 100 layers of underwear. Because, what's better? Before watching this video, you may have the notion that you can never have enough clothes, right? I thought so too. Remember when Joey dressed up like Chandler on Friends?This video that has since been viewed over a million times of YouTube couple De'arra and Ken attempting to try on 100 layers of clothing might change your mind.Like most of the 100 layers challenges, it started out all fun and games. One after another, De'arra layered on her tank tops, bodysuits, shorts, and leggings, and her boyfriend Ken did the same with his massive bag of clothes. This is 10 layers in (they're still all smiles): But after 20 layers in, things started to get a little intense. "I can't breathe, I don't think this is safe," De'arra says in the video. The look on her face says it all. After 40 layers in, the couple had to start helping each other put their clothes on. "I feel like my circulation is cutting off," De'arra jokingly said. They both stopped after 50 layers in, which I think was a smart decision when it comes to their health. They could barely move and look very uncomfortable. They wrote in their video description, "We nearly almost passed out!!!" Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You'll want a pair of these. Finding jeans with the perfect fit is hard. No matter your size, almost every woman knows the jeans dressing room struggle all too well. You know, like, jumping up and down to squeeze them over your hips or sucking in your stomach super-tight to zip them up. Target Style just dropped a new Dear Jeans denim collection featuring a huge collection of jeans in sizes 00 to 18 (that vary in length and styles) aiming to end all jeans struggles for good.The unique part about the collection's campaign is it features five different women, from various walks of life, of all different sizes writing a letter to their jeans that discuss the "the ups, downs, the feels and the struggles." In the campaign, each woman talks candidly about their experiences with jeans.Barbie Ferreira, a 19-year-old curve model who has modeled for AerieREAL, ASOS, i-D magazine, and more, is one of them. She's an outspoken representative of body positivity and talks about her long-time fear of flare jeans in a teaser for the Dear Jeans commercial on her Instagram:  🌹✨👖Strutted in some flares for @targetstyle . Thank you so much for having me come chat w @brittanysky @dulcecandy @meganbatoon @alex_elle and dance around in my new glam jeans. Watch the video in my link in bio #Sponsored #TargetStyle 👖🌹🌹A post shared by  barbie ferreira (@barbieferreira) on Aug 4, 2016 at 6:37am PDT"Fun jeans are basically the only thing I'll have in my closet now even tho they can be wack to find. These flares feed into my obsession," she captioned in her Instagram photo below wearing one of the Target Style jeans.   👖Fun jeans are basically the only thing I'll have in my closet now even tho they can be wack to find. These flares feed into my obsession. Shout out to @brittanysky @dulcecandy @meganbatoon @alex_elle for also being part of this special project!✨🌹. Thanks @TargetStyle for having me. 👖#sponsored #targetstyleA post shared by  barbie ferreira (@barbieferreira) on Aug 8, 2016 at 7:56am PDTThe campaign also features writer Alex Elle, who says that she wears jeans to celebrate her body. Each women in the campaign has a very different story, like dancer Megan Batoon who looks for jeans with a certain stretch in them so she can move around in them.And DJ Brittany Sky who yearns for jeans that make her feel "free." Thanks to @TargetStyle I got to team up with 4 like-minded women whom I've grown to admire. We spoke about body positivity and what that means to each of us. The way you are is the best way to be and the new #TargetStyle jeans are a great asset to enhance what you've already got!  Check out the link in my bio for the full video:) #sponsored  @dulcecandy @barbienox @meganbatoon @alex_elle ❤️A post shared by  Brittany Sky (@brittanysky) on Aug 3, 2016 at 4:53pm PDTYou'll definitely relate to one of these girls when it comes to trying on jeans. Watch the full campaign video below and shop Target Style's inclusive denim collection here.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"Did anyone actually look at this photo before it was published?"It's no secret that basically every fashion photo you see is heavily retouched. And Victoria's Secret in particular has been harshly criticized for just how much it apparently Photoshops images of its models. But if savvy social media followers are right, the over-Photoshopping is still going strong, as evidenced by a photo posted on Victoria's Secret's Facebook and Instagram pages last week. The photo, which features top models Martha Hunt and Stella Maxwell, might look run-of-the-mill at first, but take a closer look at Hunt's arms. Commenters are pointing out that her right arm looks unnaturally smoothed out, and her left elbow is sticking out too far behind Maxwell to look natural. Of course, it could have just been off lighting or weird angles, but fans of the brand are blaming overly zealous retouching. "Loving the Photoshop on the left," an Instagram commenter joked. "The Photoshopping on the arm of the girl on the left is concerning," another commenter wrote on Facebook. "Did anyone actually look at this photo before it was published?" Here's what Hunt's (totally ripped) arms look like on a normal day:Neither Hunt nor Maxwell has addressed the image via social media as of Monday morning. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			These new looks 😍.When Selena Gomez kicked off her Revival Tour back in May, we were blown away by her onstage looks (particularly that custom Swarovski-embellished bodysuit). We didn't think it could get any better than that, but recently, while performing the Asian leg of her tour, Gomez debuted several new performance ensembles that seriously made our jaws drop. The new looks are unlike anything she wore at the start of the tour, and they're all utterly amazing. Check out her revamped #RevivalTour wardrobe here: A drapey white gown, blinged out wrist cuffs, and perfectly messy hair. Bright blue and white, high-waisted pants and a printed shirt. She's bringing the fun on this leg of her Revival Tour. Selena's embracing her bright side with these new looks. We're particularly entranced by these thigh-high yellow boots.Stephanie Tanner would be jealous of this look — and we say that as a compliment. We never knew you could pair a classic, black plunging neckline top with a bright pair of Muay Thai shorts and look 100% amazing. Then we saw Selena do exactly that. It's not all about the brights though. She channeled her inner badass with this all-black leather get-up. And then she got downright sexy in this sheer top and comfy, loose-fitting pants. This slinky black dress with a feathery neckline feels so vintage and '90s in the best way.We can't wait to see what Selena wears during the next leg of her tour, which begins August 6 in Melbourne, Australia.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Sixteen-year-old Raven Little-White drowned on Lake Waccamaw earlier this week.Lilly Pulitzer is remembering Raven Little-White — a 16-year-old who went missing in Lake Waccamaw, North Carolina earlier this week — in the best way it knows how: with a custom print. The teen, who slipped off the back of a boat and fell into the water, was known for her laugh, her cheerful personality, and her love of Lilly."She loved Lilly Pulitzer," a friend, Logan Jackson, said of Little-White, a sentiment that has been oft repeated in the days since her tragic death. When Lilly Pulitzer heard Little-White's story, they were moved to create a memorial print for her."Celebrating the bright life of Raven White. The Print Studio was so touched by all of the messages from her friends and family about her love for Lilly," wrote the company in a post on their Facebook account. Little-White's name can be found in the print, hidden in the flowers.The print will be used in items donated by the company in her funeral tomorrow. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Town & Country US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			People lined up all the way down the block the night before to shop.If you thought Black Friday was intense, you need to see what Victoria's Secret PINK Friday is all about. PINK hosted a massive back-to-school sale today, both in stores and online, and PINK Nation freaked the eff out. It was incredible. Select stores were open from 10 p.m. to midnight on Thursday to give people early access to the sale. Just look how far people lined up for early access at this one store in California:Last night was lit! #pinkfriday 🤘🏽 pic.twitter.com/jSdOBz1KfIDeals include $25 for a slouchy crew sweatshirt (normally $50), $45 for yoga leggings and a sports bra (normally $65 and $27, respectively), two Wear Everywhere bras for $46 (normally $35 each), plus a free tote and metal water bottle with a purchase of $70 or more.Plus cute boys got involved, too, which is just adorable.#PINKFriday is TODAY! Meet our friend Steven who says to go out and get your girl something nice & PINK today 🛍🎉💗 pic.twitter.com/1fYmikEFNVAnd some stores even had DJs playing to give the stores a cool, club-like feel. The PINK Friday pre-sale had a DJ and I am about to be broke ... Again pic.twitter.com/fD00RToO4FLoyal customers went HAM on the sale. Here's some of their haul:@VictoriasSecret #PINKFriday was a success!!! 🎀 pic.twitter.com/RYk4s3QqiFAs you could probably already tell, I really love @VSPINK's Black Orchid color...🙈😍 #PINKFriday Scored big time😍 pic.twitter.com/1tjiIst3l2Pink Friday shopping was a success!! 💕🛍🎀 @VSPINK #PINKFriday #PINKNation pic.twitter.com/b8pwexbi5LHey y'all it's #PINKFriday so here's a pic of me dressed like a model again #PINKNation pic.twitter.com/2hu7weR2vE PINK Friday haul 😛 Last night was pretty cray but I got some cute stuff and both fun size Sherpas 👍 This dog crew is perfection 😝 So is the bodysuit 💕 And these new hoodies are really nice, this one is navy w/ white & pink stripes on the sleeves 💙 #vspink #pinkfriday #pinknation #freesherpa #softbegonia #sherpa #freebies #vshaul #pinkhaul #pinkdogA post shared by  PINKLosAngeles (@pinklosangeles) on Aug 5, 2016 at 11:10am PDT 😅 oops. I may have a smaaaallll problem, but I don't need any help for it, k? On the other hand...I'm ready for Fall? LOL  #burgundy #pinknation #pinkfriday #lastnight #vspink #victoriassecret #gotsomefreestuffA post shared by  Carmina Guiang (@sincerelymina) on Aug 5, 2016 at 2:47pm PDTI am currently kicking myself for not being there.I gave into PINK Friday got a bra, leggings, apparel and a new backpack. Why am I so excited for my semester to start? New uni, I'm nervous.I got $180 worth of #PINK stuff today for only $70 with their big Pink Friday sale. 😍❤️Money can't buy you happiness, but it can but you Victoria's Secret which is the same thing @VSPINK #PINKNation #PINKFridayBut since the enthusiasm for the sale was so huge, a lot of shoppers were disappointed to find the selection pretty picked over. Driving all the way to the mall just to find out that cute sweatshirt you wanted is sold out in your size is a major bummer.when you thought pink was supposed to have good deals for pink Friday but there's 3 things on sale ... pic.twitter.com/UC196wMjsMAccording to PINK's Facebook, the sale is currently sold out online, but you can shop it in stores till whenever your local mall closes. Good luck! 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"I want people to see Muslims in a positive light."In this year's Olympic Games, Ibtihaj Muhammad will make history, not only for the neck party of gold medals she'll probably win in fencing, but as the very first U.S. woman to wear a hijab while competing at the Olympics. Interestingly enough, Muhammad began fencing because it accommodated the modesty practiced in her religion. "Growing up a Muslim and a girl, I always had to change my uniform [for athletics]… My parents were in search of a sport for me where the athletes wore long pants and long jackets – that's how we stumbled upon fencing," she told People. Muhammad told People that she's excited to be able to represent Muslim women at the games. She said: "I want people to see Muslims in a positive light. I want people to see Muslim women in a way that they're not used to seeing us. If I can change the thought process of just one little girl, for me, I feel accomplished. On a larger scale if I can reach a lot of people, that's a beautiful thing." The Summer Olympics take place in Rio de Janeiro and the fencing competition is Saturday, August 6. Tune in to see her kick some ass!Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Gigi's obsessed.After ear jackets and ear cuffs, your lobe game is probably top notch right now. It can get cooler, though, according to Gigi Hadid's ears – and if you can't trust them, whose ears can you trust? Lately, Gi's been rocking a funky little piercing called the ear suspender nonstop. And obviously, it's cool AF.No, you don't have to pierce any extra holes for this. Here's how it works: a post goes through your lobe piercing, then the hook loops over the inner part of your ear, giving you a little extra sparkle that's totally unexpected.Anna Kendrick's also loving the trend. She wore a dainty suspender earring to Comic-Con in July.Gigi's is from fine jeweler Smith and Mara, but there are some dupes on Etsy, which are much more affordable for us non-supermodel people.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Can you tell the difference?Street style hero Selena Gomez arrived in Tokyo this week wearing a crop top, jean jacket, and travel-friendly sweatpants:At first glance, they look like your standard Champion ones: green, comfy, and less than $10:Mais, non! They're actually Vetements, sold out, and $665. But hey, when you bring in $550,000 per social media post, why not?Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Your back to school OOTD is going to be *fire*.Summer's not even over yet, but you're probably already itching for the endless layering possibilities of fall. This year's trends won't let you down, with chic shapes and mega cute accessories. Here's everything you need to give your fall wardrobe that extra POP.2015: Puffy Vests Even though they're super warm and really cute, the casual piece doesn't fit everyone's style.2016: Long-Line Vests Sleek vests are like a classic pair of black skinnies: everyone needs one. The mid-thigh length is modern and cool, plus you can wear them basically any time of year. They're the perfect starter if you're a vest virgin. Right:Longline Open-Front Vest, $37.90, forever21.com2015: Military Jackets. Grungy army-inspired jackets were everyone's go-to last year, because their dusty green hue basically matches everything. If you've worn yours down to its last thread, invest in something sportier for back to school.2016: Bomber Jackets. This new trend is every lazy girl's best friend. Throw one over your favorite dress or tee for a look that's chic AF, but not in a try-hard way. Girly girls can find them in pastels, and ladies looking for a little more toughness can try ones with funky patches.Right: Bomber Jacket, asos.com2015: Low Ankle Booties. For the last two years, it's been all about low-cut boots with super simple designs. There should be a pair of LBBs (little black booties) in everyone's closet, but this year, try a slightly higher cut to freshen up your shoe game. 2016: Mid-Calf Booties. '70s vibes are coming back strong for fall with mid-calf-length boots. They're anything but basic, with a shiny patent sheen and block heels. If your collection of black shoes is getting out of control (guilty), try out a pair in gray or blush.Right: Lost Ink Geneva Gray High Cut Clear Heel Ankle Boots, $78, asos.com2015: Ripped Jeans Distressed denim will never go out of style, but since you basically live in jeans in the fall, it's the perfect time to upgrade your denim collection.2016: Patched Jeans Your jeans can make a major statement if they've got the right details. Patches and embellishments add interest to your classic blues. If you don't want to splurge on a whole new pair, just buy a few iron-ons and apply them yourself. Sassy add-ons and sweet stitches will transform your go-to jeans.Right: Patched Skinny Jeans, asos.com2015: Backless Crop Tops If you love showing some skin, low-back tops were probably all you wore last year. Now, you can *flaunt it* in a whole new way. 2016: Off-the-Shoulder Crop Tops Summer '16 was basically a bare shoulder parade and this flirty trend is marching straight into fall. Long sleeve off-the-shoulder tops are weather-appropriate, but still totally fun for nights out.Right: Black Off Shoulder Printed Ruched Blouse, $27.95, loveculture.com2015: Crepe Dresses If you didn't wear a bell-sleeve white crepe dress, were you even alive during fall 2015? Everyone was wearing them with boots or over pants.2016: Suede Dresses This year's silhouette is a little more basic, but the texture is anything but. Texture is ~everything~ when you're rocking a simple dress, and suede's matte look is so on-trend. Pair it with a fringe bag and faux leather booties for a casual look that's a total eye-catcher.Right: Suede Dress, asos.com2015: Cotton Joggers Bedtime, movie marathons, class, work – you wore your joggers everywhere and now they're looking a little worn-in. Time for an upgrade!2016: Faux Leather Joggers Maximize your lazy girl style with a little pleather action. These sleek sweats will amp up your couch potato look and pull together your casual-but-still-dressy date outfit.Right: Zippered Faux Leather Joggers, $13.99, forever21.com2015: Blanket Scarves Last year, wearing shirts was basically pointless because you'd just hide your top under the infinite folds of your big blanket scarf anyway. Even though they're super cute, this year's update is more like a necklace than something to bundle up in.2016: Square Scarves Whether you're a rocker babe or a Blair Waldorf-wanna-be, square scarves will be your favorite add-on for 2016. Silky scarves are perfect for girls who love a polished look and cotton bandannas are great for anyone trying to add a bit of grunge to their life.Right: Printed Bandana, $8, urbanoutfitters.com2015: Black Chokers 2015 was the Year of Black Chokers, and we've worn them in every way possible. Velvet, tied, lace, and charmed have already had their moment.2016: Metallic Chokers All-metal chokers feel much more glam than their minimalistic counterparts, but they still go perfectly with a laid-back graphic tee. Pick your favorite metal and throw on some studs to match, or rock silver, gold, and gunmetal chokers all at once for a majorly trendy neck party.Right: Getaway Star Choker, $18, nastygal.comFollow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She's been rocking it on stage.Last week, Selena Gomez blew everyone away when she hit the stage in Malaysia looking like a '90s grunge goddess instead of a rhinestone-clad pop diva. The infinitely more chill look was due in part to the conservative countries she was performing in, but she must have liked the vibe, because she's been updating her on-stage outfits ever since. She's been integrating some unique vintage pieces, all from Sami Miró Vintage, into her performance wardrobe, giving us major OOTD envy and a strong urge to go thrifting. In Singapore, the "Hands to Myself" singer wore a see-through bodysuit with a teeny scrap of snakeskin-printed leather covering her chest. SingaporeA post shared by  Selena Gomez (@selenagomez) on Jul 28, 2016 at 8:52am PDT #samimirovintage x @selenagomez Bodies available on SamiMiroVintage.comA post shared by  SAMI MIRO VINTAGE (@samimirovintage) on Jul 30, 2016 at 10:47am PDTThe body suit is very different from the Swarovski crystal covered onesies she's been rocking and she announced that it's part of a Revival Tour clothing collection she's releasing with Sami Miró Vintage, a brand run by Zac Efron's ex-gf.These three suits, along with the python print one Selena wore on stage, are available now on the Sami Miro Vintage website, but they're not for the faint-hearted fans. These babies are going to cost you $210 a piece (that's more than Kylie Jenner's entire birthday makeup collection). Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			They're twinning in the best way.Tonight, blonde bombshell and one half of the Almighty Haleb Ship Ashley Benson stepped onto the red carpet in a silver stunner that made us all look like the IRL version of the heart eye emoji. Metallics were all over at the Teen Choice Awards, but Benzo's look totally stood out with flirty 3D roses and loop detailing straight out of the 1960s. The chic modern mini might also be giving you major deja vu. Fellow red carpet slayer Kendall Jenner wore this same dress back in February on the Michael Kors Fall/Winter 2016 runway at New York Fashion Week.So who wore it better? Answer: THE LIMIT DOES NOT EXIST. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram! @itsashbenzo working that blue carpet 😎. Tap the link in the bio to see more #teenchoice looks. #teenchoiceawardsA post shared by  Seventeen (@seventeen) on Jul 31, 2016 at 5:45pm PDT		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			SO much slayage happening tonight.SO much slayage happening tonight.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Faux piercings > actual bodily harm.Whether you're averse to sharp needles puncturing your precious skin or would just rather your grandma kept her mean comments to herself, you need this drama-free body jewelery.Gold Ear Cuff, $4.80, etsy.comFake Lip Piercing, $5.50, etsy.comDouble Pearl Earcuff, $16, topshop.comHammered Rose Gold Ear Cuff, $72, etsy.comBlue Opal Ear Cuff, $16, [link href="https://www.etsy.com/uk/listing/270970933/cartilage-cuff-blue-opal-ear-cuff-ear?ref=related-0" target="_blank" link_updater_label="external"]etsy.comKingsley Ryan Sterling Silver Faux Septum Ring, $8.50, asos.comGold Ton Shard Detail Body Harness, $56, [link href="http://www.riverisland.com/women/jewellery/body-jewellery--harnesses/gold-tone-shard-detail-body-harness-678864" target="_blank" link_updater_label="external"]riverisland.comFake Septum Ring, $5.35, etsy.comMega Fan Feather Earcuff, $9.26, topshop.comGold Ton Draped Chain Harness, $24, [link href="http://www.riverisland.com/women/jewellery/body-jewellery--harnesses/gold-tone-draped-chain-harness-688212" target="_blank" link_updater_label="external"]riverisland.comWe couldn't decide if these counted as body jewelry or not, but then we didn't care because they're just so pretty.Pack of 8 Mini Paper Flower Hair Clips, $10, asos.com From: Cosmopolitan UK		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			RIP, hair.Last Sunday, Selena Gomez revealed in an emotional Instagram post that she's been feeling "extremely unauthentic" and "unconnected". She shared that she's "never really felt like my materials, wardrobe or a video could define me" and to prove that, it seems, the superstar has completely reinvented her look.Up until now, Selena's Revival Tour style has been a parade of disco ball bodysuits, badass boots, and a lot of hair. Here are some 'grams of her old style, which she has been wearing since the tour launched May 6:At her performance in Malaysia, the "Kill 'Em With Kindness" singer left behind the bedazzled onesies and took on the screaming crowd in a black turtleneck, silky black palazzo pants, and Lennon-inspired sunglasses. @revivaltourA post shared by  Selena Gomez (@selenagomez) on Jul 25, 2016 at 11:32pm PDTAnd in case you didn't notice already, SHE CHOPPED HER HAIR. Or she dropped the extensions, we're not really sure which. KL, from the carA post shared by  Selena Gomez (@selenagomez) on Jul 25, 2016 at 11:30pm PDTShe's updated her performance costumes before, adding in even more sequins and sparkle, but this is the first time she's worn such a toned-down outfit on stage. Fans are speculating that she opted for a more covered look in order to respect the modest culture of many of the Asian countries she'll be visiting in the upcoming week. Are you even surprised? Selena's the best. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"Now I have to attain to this perfect me that I'm not even." Iskra Lawrence may be fronting body-positive campaigns for Aerie and leading the #EveryBODYisBeautiful campaign on Twitter, but that doesn't mean the 25-year-old model doesn't have hang-ups just like everyone else. She shared some of them while stripping down to her underwear as part of StyleLikeU's "What's Underneath" video project. Of getting started in the modeling industry in London, Iskra says, "I would go down to the agency and they'd just keep measuring my hips and I remember my hips were 36 inches and they needed to be 34 and I literally physically couldn't get them any smaller."Iskra adds that she counted calories obsessively and exercised to make sure she burned twice as many calories as she consumed, and still her curves wouldn't budge. As such, her agency dropped her, leaving her crushed. She went to a lot of other agencies, and they all gave her the same excuses for turning her down. She was too "curvy," she remembers being told, too "womanly," too "commercial."At 18, she heard about plus-size modeling from a friend and decided to try that out. This time around, she says she got rejected for not being big enough. She was a U.S. size 6, and the plus-size market catered only to models a size 10 and above. Finally, a tiny agency took a chance, took her on, and the rest is history. But even once she became a successful model living in New York, Iskra says she had to deal with the insecurities brought on by the pitfalls of the modeling industry. "I started booking jobs and I'd get there and they'd say 'You're too small.' And then they'd be like 'Yeah, we need to pad you out a bit.' And by the end of it you look at yourself in the mirror and you're two sizes bigger." And then there's the pressure of endless retouching and Photoshopping. "You get the photo [from a lingerie shoot] back, the cellulite has been retouched, your waist has been slimmed in, all of these things have been done to you," she explains. "In your head, you then think 'That's a flaw, that's bad.' Now I have to attain to this perfect me that I'm not even." When Aerie named her its AerieReal Role Model as part of its body positive campaign, Iskra says was the first time in her life that she got the validation she so badly wanted.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			If there was no such thing as dress codes, here are the first day outfits eight girls would choose for their closest friends. Who totally gets your unique style better than your bestie? No one! So we asked eight girls, from elementary school to college, to style their closest friend for back to school. The task: choose an outfit from top to bottom that you know your BFF would love. (In this wonderful fashion land, dress codes are a thing of the past, though most of these outfits would work with little tweaks here and there.) The results? Unbelievably cute. Every single girl was super happy with her look, and had a blast choosing for her friend. Peep the finished product for each set of BFFs and get a peek at how the process went down in the video below. How Cici describes her style: My style is bohemian. I love an earthy look.What Hunter loves about Cici's style: She is willing to take risks.How Hunter describes her style: Trendy but casual.What Cici loves about Hunter's style: It very much mirrors her personality.On Hunter: Blue Side Zip Stretch Denim Shorts, One Eleven Graphic Tank, express.com; Blue and White Flannel, ae.com; Apt. 9 Heels, kohls.com; The Playdate Necklace, Amazonian Scarab Ring, Open to Everything Bracelet, Rivet the Runway Bracelet, 7charmingsisters.com; Ursula Backpack, danielle-nicole.comOn Cici: Flare Jeans, ae.com; Wilfred Free Bayne T-Shirt, aritzia.com; Heeled Sandal, Smooth Wristlet, express.com; Arizona Faux-Suede Fringe Vest, jcpenny.com; Women Rule the World Bracelet, Champagne Toast Ring, Bread and Butter Ring, 7charmingsisters.com; Earrings, hm.comHow Egypt describes her style: A little big flashy.What Sokhnmai loves about Egypt's style: Her style can be really edgy. How Sokhnmai describes her style: My style is carefree. What Egypt loves about Sokhnmai's style: I love the way she wears patterns. On Sokhnmai: Airtex Crop Tee, topshop.com; Denim Vest, express.com; Belle + Sky Shorts, jcpenny.com; Ecentrcq sneakers, stevemadden.com; Julian Backpack, rebeccaminkoff.com; Lauren Conrad Sunglasses, kohls.com, Stunningly Sensual Necklace, Enough is Enough Earrings, Inward Tranquility Ring, 7charmingsisters.comOn Egypt: Striped Tank Top, Red Button and Zipper A-Line Mini Skirt, Leopard Print Envelope Fold-Over Clutch, Fringed Peep Toe Heeled Bootie, express.com; Aviator Sunglasses, cottonon.com; Amazing Accolades Earrings, Sound Off Bracelet 7charmingsisters.comHow Lisa describes her style: I enjoy dipping into men's clothing and pairing it with something feminine.How Cleaya describes Lisa's style: It's very versatile. It can range from girly to preppy to sporty, and so on.How  Cleaya describes her style: I would say my style is very relaxed.How Lisa describes Cleaya's style: I love how she goes from sporty to dressy.On Lisa: Denim Button-Down Shirtdress, guess.com; Marled Cami Midi Sheath Dress, express.com; One Bite Cross-body Bag, danielle-nicole.com; Bread and Butter Ring, Enough is Enough Earrings, Diva Chic Necklace, 7charmingsisters.com; Shoes, hm.comOn Cleaya: Talulah Jumpsuit, aritzia.com, Sandals, korkease.com, Amazonian Scarab Ring, Straight off the Runway Ring, The Playdate Necklace, Zen and Relaxation Earrings, 7charmingsisters.com, Alice Through The Looking Glass Clutch, kohls.com.How Victoria describes her style: I wear a lot of jeans and I am pretty casual.How Karen describes Victoria's style: Laid-back and casual-cute.How Karen describes her style: It's girly and cute, though I can underdress sometimes.How Victoria describes Karen's style: I love the way she finds things that go together that you wouldn't expect.On Victoria: Black Jeans, Off-The-Shoulder Bell Sleeve Top, ae.com; Fringe Lace-Up Heeled Sandals, express.com; Bucket Bag, kohls.com;  Amazonian Scarab Ring, Straight off the Runway Ring, Full House Necklace, Women Rule the World Bracelet, 7charmingsisters.com; Aviator Sunglasses, cottonon.comOn Karen: Wilfred Free Bayne T-Shirt, aritzia.com; Sunglasses, cottonon.com; Kendall & Kylie Faux Suede Skirt, pacsun.com; Conviction Heels, jcpenny.com; Mini M.A.C. Crossbody, rebeccaminkoff.com; Possess Radiance Necklace, 7charmingsisters.com; Gold Bracelet, express.comPhotography: Kathryn Wirsing; Makeup: Joseph Carrillo; Hair: Brittan White; Assistant: Carolyn Twersky		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"At the end of the day I'm good enough for me."When a woman's body is in the spotlight, she can never win. She'll be criticized for looking too fat, for looking too old, and as supermodel and body-positive advocate Ashley Graham has learned, even for looking too thin. Can people  just let each other live for once? On Wednesday, Graham posted an Instagram with the caption "Glam squad magic," and commenters went wild, saying she looked slimmer than usual. "Why are you changing yourself? I thought you were comfortable being yourself and being plus size," one commenter wrote. 'Fake fat person…You're not overweight, stop saying you are," another wrote.  Glam squad magic 💕A post shared by  A S H L E Y  G R A H A M (@ashleygraham) on Jul 20, 2016 at 5:43am PDTShe also recently posted an Instagram photo of herself at the gym, and got comments like, "We all see you losing more and more weight but still saying you are plus sized," and "It's obvious she wanted to be thinner all this time." Other commenters noted that Graham seems to be following a trend of curvier models losing weight once they become famous.  @moritsummers doesn't play around 💪🏽💪🏽💪🏽 #curvyfit #beautybeyondsizeA post shared by  A S H L E Y  G R A H A M (@ashleygraham) on Jul 21, 2016 at 5:53am PDTGraham was not having this one bit. According to E! News, she commented on Instagram that an angle can have a ton to do with how your body looks in a photo—and also, people need to lay off. "People come on my page and body shame me because I'm too big, because I'm too small, because I'm not good enough for their standards...But at the end of the day I'm good enough for me," she wrote. "Angles will make anyone look bigger or smaller and I just happen to know mine." She also responded on Snapchat, with an image of herself on the runway with the text, "I will not let others dictate what they think my body should look like for their own comfort, and neither should you." Wise words.  Ashley Graham couldn't have said it any better 🙌 preach girl 🙏 #ashleygraham #supermodel #badass #beautiful #inspire #truth #selflove #washington #pnw #toddlermom #momofthree #lipstickandlunges #girlswholift #fitlovingmommy #motherrunner #fitfam #fitspo #girlswholift #girlswhosquat #weightliftingA post shared by  Christine (@lifewith_christine) on Jul 18, 2016 at 5:17pm PDTFrom: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			They're the reason the fire emoji was invented. Let's be honest, when you first pictured your back to school outfit, you thought you'd roll into class looking like Kendall and Kylie Jenner: sleek and casual, but totally ahead of the crowd in the style department. Their brand new clothing line is exactly that, plus a little extra '90s flare, and lucky you, it's all available now. The Jenners just dropped their new Kendall & Kylie collection at PacSun and it's packed with on-trend gear straight out of your childhood. They designed killer off-the-shoulder tops, little baby doll tees, floaty spaghetti strap dresses, and retro overalls. The line is called "Golden Child," and because Ken and Ky care deeply about the well-being of your wallet, nothing is over $65.To get a peak at how the two style stars wear the new line, check out this vid, directed by Spencer Byam-Taylor. Yeah, you'll definitely be scoring the Best Dressed nom this year. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Nope, their bodies do not look like that IRL. You've always known there was some amount of retouching and Photoshop magic that goes into making Victoria's Secret models look so...perfect. Of course they're models so they won the genetic lottery, but no one is that poreless, has hair that full and smooth, or boobs that high and pushed together (hi, gravity!) And now it looks like the retouching is even crazier than you could have ever expected. In an interview with Refinery29, an anonymous retoucher, the site calls her "Sarah", spills the beans on what really goes on behind closed Victoria's Secret doors. Of course this is all allegedly, we don't know this person, and Victoria's Secret declined to comment to R29. Still, it sounds pretty legit. Sarah told R29 that she wants people to understand that women's bodies do not look like that, but also that we as consumers play a big part in what we see in advertisements. (More on that later.) Here's what we learned from the interview: 1. Everyone is wearing hair extensions. "I don't think I ever was on a shoot with a model that had real hair," Sarah told R29. So, don't stress if your hair is never as big and full as you see on VS models. 2. Shaping pads go into bathing suits and bras to alter women's chests. Not only is hair not that full, boobs aren't that full either. "If you hold up the bathing suit in your own hand, it's so heavy because they have all this s*** sewed into it," Sarah said. 3. Models wear bras under bathing suits. One of the most shocking things Sarah told R29 is how often models wear push-up bras under bathing suits, even strapless ones. Then, the bra gets Photoshopped out, but the push-up effect is still there. "When you're wearing a strapless bikini, in no way, shape, or form [can] you have cleavage," said Sarah. "It's physically impossible with the way gravity works." 4. Boobs are made rounder and larger. After the photo is taken, Sarah said she was often asked to make model's boobs higher and rounder and larger. "They all have [size] As," she revealed. 5. Sometimes retouchers ADD weight to models. If you've ever wondered how a model can be so thin and curvy at the same time, it might be the magic of Photoshop. Sarah says she was asked to make butts more plump. 6. Victoria's Secret tried curvier models. "One time, during a swim season, they had these two girls come in that had abs and thick thighs and busts," Sarah told R29. "But they didn't sell anything and so they stopped using those girls." 7. It's not just Victoria's Secret. Most brands, including plus-sized ones, are allegedly guilty of extreme retouching. This applies to people you see on Instagram, too. "When you're manipulating the light and the camera angle like that, that's technically retouching, because you're manipulating something to look as if it's something it's really, truly not in real life," explains Sarah. In the end, businesses are all about making money. They have to be. Which is why we as consumers need to shop stores that are doing the things we want to see. If you want to see curvier models and a retailer starts using them, start shopping there. Then, other brands will see it's working and start jumping on the bandwagon. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She posted side-by-sides for her 111k social media followers. Zara is under fire yet again, but this time an indie designer is accusing the fashion retailer of stealing her work. L.A. based artist Tuesday Bassen is slamming the fast fashion brand for "copying" her art.Bassen runs the website shoptuesday.com, which features clothing, accessories, and home goods all of her own design. A year ago, Bassen noticed that some of Zara's pins looked a lot like hers. Her lawyers contacted the brand, but she says their claims were rejected because she's an indie artist and "not enough people even know about me for it to matter", so she turned to social media and put Zara on blast. I've been pretty quiet about this, until now. Over the past year, @zara has been copying my artwork (thanks to all that have tipped me off--it's been a lot of you). I had my lawyer contact Zara and they literally said I have no base because I'm an indie artist and they're a major corporation and that not enough people even know about me for it to matter. I plan to further press charges, but even to have a lawyer get this LETTER has cost me $2k so far. 〰 It sucks and it's super disheartening to have to spend basically all of my money, just to defend what is legally mine. ⚡️ EDIT: Some of you are asking how you can help. Repost and tag them, on Twitter, on Insta, on Facebook. I don't want to have to burden any of you with the financial strain that comes with lawsuits.A post shared by  Tuesday Bassen (@tuesdaybassen) on Jul 19, 2016 at 5:57pm PDTThe bottom half of the image is the response Bassen got from Zara after she asked for payment. Because they refused her, the designer asked her 111k Instagram and Twitter followers to tag Zara with their complaints. Zara has been accused of stealing designs from other brands before, and Bassen said on Twitter that she plans to pursue the charges. I want to point out that most artists don't even get this far. Tthe "luxury" of spending $2k for a lawyer to write a letter (1/2)is something most artists cannot afford. This is for me and this is for every single artist that can't do anything. (2/2)Zara could not be reached for comment. UPDATED 7/22/16 2:24 p.m. ETA Zara representative responded to our request for comment. Here's what they said:"[Zara] has the utmost respect for the individual creativity of all artists and designers and takes all claims concerning third party intellectual property rights very seriously. [Zara] was recently contacted by Tuesday Bassen's lawyers who noted the use of illustrations in some badges sourced externally and on clothes in its Group stores. The Company immediately opened an investigation into the matter and suspended the relevant items from sale. [Zara]'s legal team is also in contact with Tuesday Bassen's lawyers to clarify and resolve the situation as swiftly as possible."Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The new photos are being praised for their body inclusivity. Too often, advertising propels the myth that people who exercise look slender and toned — flat stomachs, defined arms, long legs – thereby excluding the many women who exercise and stay fit but don't have that very specific physical form. Now, Nike has become one of the first mainstream athletic brands to put up feature models that are curvier than their usual representatives, and it's great. This is writer and model Paloma Elsesser. This is  yoga and wellness educator Claire Fountain. The awesome thing about these Instagram posts from Nike Women is that they just ... happened like no big deal. The captions don't suggest that these models are different from the norm or that the brand is explicitly trying to promote a new image. Nike just included these models in a series of four photos about bra sizes, alongside women who meet the stereotypical standard of women who are "fit." Nike is receiving a lot of praise from women praising the company for this body inclusivity. It's one more step to a world in which it isn't groundbreaking to say that women who exercise come in all sorts of shapes and sizes. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			#Basic girls, unite. If you love your Ugg boots, then this muddy photo probably looks really familiar to you. And this one. Especially this one. The cozy boots do not generally hold up well in inclement weather, but they're so warm and comfortable that you end up wearing them in the snow and rain anyway and they get all crusty and stained. But thanks to a new update from Ugg, your go-to boots might just withstand next winter. Racked reports that the brand just relaunched its Classic style boots with two major updates. The New Classic boots are now more water resistant and the soles have been given even more tread so you won't fall in the snow. And you can apparently even spill your coffee on them. These new features do make the boots $10 more expensive, but it's probably worth it considering Ugg's Care Kit featuring cleaning and protecting products is super popular and that's $20. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			If I did it, you can too. Let me start off by saying that I never, ever wear bikinis. Before this, the last time you could catch me out in a two-piece swimsuit was when I was 5 years old and taking my weekly swimming class. My stomach has always been my problem area, so I just don't feel sexy in bikinis. TBH, I barely wear swimsuits. They give me anxiety. If I do, it's only when I'm on vacation. I stick to flattering one-pieces like these: I love my body, I'm just really particular about how I show it off. I'm also constantly working on loving my curves no matter what I wear, which, for me, means trying things I wouldn't normally wear. Recently, Kendall and Kylie Jenner teamed up with Topshop for a third time to release a full swimwear collection. The sisters and their hot bodies (obvi) look perfect in all 37 pieces, which include bikinis, monokinis, neon, and metallic pieces that show off lots of skin.But would my size-12 body look good in them? I put Topshop, Kendall, and Kylie to the test and tried eight of them on myself. My nerves were all over the place when I got to the store. Did they even think about curvier women like me when designing their swimwear? Would Topshop even carry their swimsuits in my size? I walked into the dressing room nervous but ready. Here's how it went down (plus I've ranked the suits from best to worst): This flattering black one-piece featuring a sexy back might have been my favorite because it's so in my comfort zone. I loved the plunging scoop neckline, low-cut straps in the back, and the comfortable nylon material of the suit. It was super easy to put on and I honestly didn't want to take it off. Wasn't that into the branded "Kendall + Kylie" logo on the straps. It's a little aggressive for my taste, but other than that, this was definitely my fave out of the bunch.Black Tape Detailed One-Piece, KENDALL + KYLIE (Available at Topshop), $75 I have never felt this confident in a bikini before in my life. Trying this on and actually liking it was a major shocker for me because usually I'd do anything to hide my stomach. There was something about this suit that made me want to show off my curves. I was obsessed with the bright, beachy aqua color, the sporty-chic triangle neckline, and the thick straps that gave my boobs extra support.Aqua Bikini Top, KENDALL + KYLIE (Available at Topshop), $58; Aqua Bikini Bottoms, KENDALL + KYLIE (Available at Topshop), $35 Gold + a plunging neckline + cutouts = so me. I've never been afraid of a statement piece and this sexy one-piece is just that. The way the gold suit stood out on my dark skin tone made this one of my faves. The intricate barbell fastening is a cool detail too. This is the type of suit I would transition into a bodysuit by pairing it with high-waisted pants and heels for a night out. It's definitely a looker and a little revealing, to say the least, but it wouldn't be Kendall and Kylie otherwise. Gold Plunging Cutout One-Piece, KENDALL + KYLIE (Available at Topshop), $75 I was really surprised that this icy-white bikini made it into my top five favorites. But who doesn't like to wear fresh white in the summer? It looks so refreshing. I could see myself pairing this simple bikini with a colorful cover-up and maybe even a beach hat.White Bikini Top, KENDALL + KYLIE (Available at Topshop), $58; White Bikini Bottoms, KENDALL + KYLIE (Available at Topshop), $35 I know the cut of this one-piece is the exact same as the gold monokini's but this print is just a little too busy for me. Don't get me wrong, I love palm trees, but not enough to wear a ton of them all over my bathing suit. The fit of this suit was on point though. And like the white one in the same style, I love the gold barbell detailing on the plunging neckline. Say hello to my (beautiful) stretch marks that are showing in this suit. And shout-out to the other women out there that have them! I still like it OK, but this one isn't all-the-way my jam.Multicolored Plunging Cutout One-Piece, KENDALL + KYLIE (Available at Topshop), $85 I really wanted to fall in love with this wetsuit-style bikini top that Kylie looks so flawless in......but it just didn't look the same on me. The bright coral color and the bomb black zipper right in the middle of it is what initially intrigued me. Who knows, maybe I got the wrong size or didn't experiment with the zipper enough. It's not horrible, but I wouldn't buy it. However, the material was super supportive for girls like me who have larger busts.Coral Bikini Top, KENDALL + KYLIE (Available at Topshop), $58; Aqua Bikini Bottoms, KENDALL + KYLIE (Available at Topshop), $35 I've come to the conclusion that I'm really into off-the-shoulder tops, but not off-the-shoulder bikinis. The top was slightly slouchy in the center so it didn't sit comfortably on my boobs. I also didn't like the lack of functionality of the off-the-shoulder feature. It's trendy but not that practical. How am I going to swim (like the mermaid I truly am) in this? Multicolored Bardot Bikini Top, KENDALL + KYLIE (Available at Topshop), $48; Aqua Bikini Bottoms, KENDALL + KYLIE (Available at Topshop), $35 I love the way my body looks in this bikini. The material is stretchy and breathable, which made this extra flattering on my figure. But this palm-tree printed bikini comes in last place because I'm not feeling the off-the-shoulder top combined with the print I'm not too fond of. It's just not my style. It is the most, whereas I want to look effortless in my swimsuit. I could be overanalyzing but I stand by my decision. Palm Tree Print Off-the-Shoulder Bikini Top, KENDALL + KYLIE (Available at Topshop), $48; Palm Tree Print Bottoms, KENDALL + KYLIE (Available at Topshop), $35 I should have abandoned the thought that I would never look good in a bikini a long time ago — I proved myself wrong about that with this experiment. I was also pleasantly surprised by the inclusivity of Kendall and Kylie's swimwear. Just because I don't have the flattest stomach or the skinniest thighs doesn't mean bikinis don't look amazing on my body. It's easy to get sucked into society's unrealistic body standards of what is considered beautiful, but truthfully, it's all BS. So love your curves, girls, and flaunt your flawless bodies in every kind of swimsuit out there.From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She called it "an ultimate dream come true."Gigi Hadid just achieved a massive career milestone: the cover of the American edition of Vogue. The supermodel is on the cover for the magazine's Olympic issue, and she's joined by the decathlete Ashton Eaton. It's a fitting Vogue issue for Gigi, whose father, Mohamed, competed in the Olympics in downhill skiing in 1992. Gigi also considers herself an athlete and was a big-time volleyball player in high school. The magazine's cover story points out that Gigi's best friend, Kendall Jenner, is the daughter of another famous Olympic decathlete, Caitlyn Jenner. The two met at the shoot in Santa Barbara, Gigi's hometown, which is also where Eaton trains. Gigi posted her cover on Instagram and reflected on what the milestone means for her, professionally and personally:Her caption reads:An ultimate dream come true, I am beyond humbled. Shooting my first American @voguemagazine cover, in my hometown, was so surreal. And to be able to share it with Olympic Gold Medalist and my new friend #AshtonEaton is such an honor. I couldn't think of a cover I'd rather be on than the one celebrating athletes. Being an athlete has brought so much pride and joy to my life and has instilled the work ethic that still drives me every day.To Anna, @mariotestino, @tonnegood & everyone at Vogue- thank you from the bottom of my heart for believing in me, teaching me, showing me the world, and being such a pleasure to work with. ❤To @luizmattos1906 and my @imgmodelsfamily, I don't thank you guys enough- I appreciate you so much. We did it!!!!!!!This one's dedicated to my biggest inspirations to work hard, my family, to all my coaches throughout my life. And of course to the fans that have stuck by me from the start!!! Feeling extremely blessed. xHere's a behind-the-scenes look at the shoot, which featured a visit from Gigi's mom, Yolanda Hadid: Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The sequin bomber jacket is the stuff fashion dreams are made of.The Edit by Seventeen is here! Everything is available for under $120 at editby17.com.Whether your style is feminine and romantic or laid-back classic, this is one trend that's ready to take flight from every closet. We've added a special twist with the zip up matte sequined front, giving this bomber a unique edge. Sequin Bomber Jacket, $89.99, editby17.comOur editors are always on the hunt for the perfect moto, and now the search is over. This faux leather jacket comes with a removable faux fur collar to transcend the seasons and give you two looks in one. Moto Jacket with Removable Fur Collar, $119.99, editby17.comIf you're looking for stylish and flattering pieces that go perfectly together, then our A-line miniskirt and crop top is for you. Our fave detail? The faux leather accent on the neckline, and the exposed zip closure on the back. Everyone will hate seeing you go, but love watching you leave.Crop Top, $39.99, editby17.com; Skirt, $49.44, editby17.comIt's official: everybody is wearing statement sleeves. Our 60's inspired shift is easy to dress up or down depending on your mood. With lace insets and super soft fabric, you'll want to wear this versatile piece day into night.Bell Sleeve Lace Victorian Dress, $69.99, editby17.comOur miniskirt is designed with retro suede and a subtle asymmetrical hem that will save your look for autumn parties. Two rows of fringe add lovely movement to flatter at any angle.Suede Fringe Skirt, $59.99, editby17.comWith a totally on trend buttoned front, the A-line fit provides a flattering, yet edgy look.Button Front Jean Skirt, $54.99, editby17.com...or try this '70s trend in suede.Button Front Suede Skirt, $54.99, editby17.comIf a traditional overall isn't your thing, we have your solution. Let us introduce you to the least-tomboy take on the trend: the faux leather overall. With a skinny leg and hook-fastening shoulder straps, it's the chic alternative to the classic style.Faux Leather Skinny Overalls, $79.99, editby17.comOur take on the classic poncho may prove to be your cover-up choice for the fall season. Wear this cozy jacket to play with layers and proportion or pair with neutrals and denim to modernize the rest of your look.Blanket Fringed Poncho, $79.99, editby17.comDelicate lace will have you embracing true romance this season. We gave our chiffon lace top some edge with a black collar and keyhole cutout, so it's perfect for class or a night out with friends.Chiffon Lace Collared Victorian Top, $54.99, editby17.comEmbrace the cooler days while still rocking one of summer's hottest trends: faux suede.This peekaboo piece with its rich acorn color and lightweight material elevates a low key jeans-and-tee vibe to high fashion territory. Suede Crop Top, $49.99, editby17.com; High Rise Jeans, $64.99, editby17.com An off-the-shoulder silhouette is no longer considered a trend, it's a wardrobe essential. As one of the hottest looks for fall, this embroidered top delivers a bohemian vibe with blue embroidery, a cropped high-low fit, and long sleeves with elastic cuffs.Embroidered Top, $44.99, editby17.comMake the world YOUR runway by rocking this classic graphic tee. Featuring the strong mantra that our editors live by, everyone will read your confidence before you say a word.White Graphic Tee, $24.99, editby17.comUpdate your classic chambray shirt with our ombre dip-dyed version. Wear it tucked into a skirt for a fun flirty look or untucked with flares for a casual, comfy style. If you haven't tried a flared jean yet, consider this your personal invite. Our medium wash has a fringed hem and traditional five-pocket styling with a single button zip fly closure in the front. The two front pockets are decorative and non-functional to maintain a trim look at front. Two pockets at back are perfect for stashing cell phone and more.Ombre Denim Shirt, $54.99, editby17.com; Flare Jeans, $64.99, editby17.comIf you want to make a fashion statement, you can rely on these vegan leather pants. Perfect for school or the party circuit, we love the rich burgundy color that is a fresh take on the basic black.Faux Leather Pant, $69.99, editby17.com		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's back for real this time. Reach back into the depths of your closet because your middle school Juicy Couture velour tracksuit is back. Yes, for real! But don't be too scared. The style might look similar but the way you wear it is all new and cooler than ever. Here's a reminder of what it looked like in 2002, courtesy of baby Lindsay Lohan.The sweatshirt is skin tight and zipped up, the pants are long and low-slung. And it's worn with a skinny scarf and flip flops. Here's another reminder, worn in the exact same way. Looking good, Britney!And who could forget Kendall and Kylie Jenner in their Juicy and (mismatched??) Ugg boots. For its 21st birthday, Juicy Couture is relaunching the tracksuit in Fall 2016, but encouraging you to style it in all new and improved ways. It's looser, more laid back, and not so low-slung. Don't wear it all together this time around. Instead, mix and match the top and bottoms with what's already in your closet to make the suit look less like a #tbt uniform and more uniquely you. Juicy's new ad campaign shows you some really cute ways of styling it and bringing the look into 2016. Here's a hoodie with skinny jeans and a fur coat... #TRACKISBACK featuring @atlantabean.  We're celebrating 21 years of our iconic tracksuit, enlisting a global girl squad of 21 models and influencers to share how they wear their Juicy Couture track.A post shared by  Juicy Couture (@juicycouture) on Jul 12, 2016 at 9:55am PDTSlung over a girly dress... #TRACKISBACK featuring @ciprianaquann & @tk_wonder.  We're celebrating 21 years of our iconic tracksuit, enlisting a global girl squad of 21 models and influencers to share how they wear their Juicy Couture track.A post shared by  Juicy Couture (@juicycouture) on Jul 12, 2016 at 11:29am PDTOver a plaid skirt and tee... #TRACKISBACK featuring @hindsahli.  We're celebrating 21 years of our iconic tracksuit, enlisting a global girl squad of 21 models and influencers to share how they wear their Juicy Couture track.A post shared by  Juicy Couture (@juicycouture) on Jul 13, 2016 at 4:55pm PDTAnd with a cute romper.  #TRACKISBACK featuring @yuehan_official. We're celebrating 21 years of our iconic tracksuit, enlisting a global girl squad of 21 models and influencers to share how they wear their Juicy Couture track.A post shared by  Juicy Couture (@juicycouture) on Jul 13, 2016 at 6:35pm PDTInto it? Watch the video below to learn more ways to style the tracksuit from 21 badass babes. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Equivalent to 5,000 packs of OreosBeing Gigi Hadid must be pretty satisfying. Not only does she get to snuggle up to Zayn Malik, attends/hosts all sorts of swanky award ceremonies and is widely respected for her awesome career, but she also gets to casually ruin $5k dresses without batting an eyelid.She was spotted on set filming a photo shoot in LA earlier this week, and some fans noticed she was wearing a $5,000 Dolce & Gabbana dress.Considering she's a mega successful super model who's always doing high-end fashion shoots, that bit probably wasn't surprising by itself. Until she casually JUMPED INTO A SWIMMING POOL WEARING SEQUINS AND RUINED THE DRESS COMPLETELY WTF. Sorry, didn't mean to shout. So apparently it was all part of the shoot and the big honchos were loving it, and it's a good thing Gigi's hella good at her job – 'cause if she wasn't, we're not sure how they would have taken it.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Sugarscape		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			In honor of the movie's 15 (!!!) year anniversary, take a look back at some of Elle Wood's pinkest ensembles.Law student Elle Woods nailed early 2000s fashion, with wrap dresses, pageboy caps, and low slung belts. Plus, she never met a pink item she didn't love. Relive her 11 best moments, from flawless to hmm.While it's hard to choose Elle's best look ever, it has to be this pink faux-wrap dress. Elle confidently wears it in the most badass moment of the movie — when she wins the case and proves she's more than just a pretty face with really great hair. Even though Elle gets tricked into wearing this ~sexy~ costume to Vivian's non-costume party, the way she holds her head high shows she won't let any "frigid bitch" humiliate her. She looks hot and she knows it. If there's one thing Elle wears more than anything else in Legally Blonde, it's tight pink halter dresses. This one earns a top spot because it helped get her into Harvard Law School by making an appearance in her admissions essay video. Or maybe it's because she's comfortable using legal jargon in everyday life. Elle is never more Elle than on her first day at Harvard Law School. Even her sunglasses are pink. This outfit gets bonus points for Bruiser's adorable "H" sweater (RIP).Elle is still the ultimate California girl in 2001's trendy pageboy cap and low-slung pants. She doesn't care at all that students think she looks a little cray. She's totally cool and confident. Okay, so she might have gotten kicked out of class for being unprepared, but her first day outfit was definitely well planned. This outfit is so iconic because it's when Elle first meets Emmett. Plus, the blazer and pink shirt shows she's coming into her own East Coast style. Elle's tie-dye dress is only made cuter by the yellow flower in her hair and huge smile. Sadly, she won't be smiling after Warner breaks her heart. Elle chooses another pink halter dress for her date with Warner when she thinks he's going to propose. It's a sad moment, but Emmett is better for her anyway. When Elle gets her nails done by the awesome Paulette, she's more casual than we're used to seeing her. It's cute, but I miss the pink. In one of the most hilarious moments of the movie, Elle and Paulette steal back Paulette's dog from her gross ex-husband. Elle is coming into her own eclectic winter style here, but poor Bruiser does not look like he likes his itchy sweater. Is it cold out? Balmy? No one knows thanks to Elle's confusing bikini and fur combo. She still attracts all the attention though, which is exactly what she's going for. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Read on for our insider scoop on all the best sales and deals to shop now! Hey, everyone! Get excited because for the next 24 hours Amazon is hosting some crazy deals in honor of their annual Prime Day. You can save big on products including tech, beauty, appliances, and even basic home necessities. Read on for our insider scoop on all the best sales and deals to shop now, including additional Amazon warehouse sales and deals of the day. Not a prime member yet? Sign up here for a free trial to save on all these deals!Editor's note: Some of the deals are broken out by percentage off within a specific category. On deals listed as "save on household products at 20% off, 30% off, or 40% off," make sure to click on each percentage for a different selection of products on sale now. Also, please note that discounted pricing only shows up once you click an item. Plus, bookmark this page for more daily deals and steals.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: BestProducts		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Five years after signing a commitment to reduce their environmental impact by 2020, many brands have fallen behind, Victoria's Secret and Nike in particular.In 2011, Greenpeace launched its "Detox My Fashion" campaign, which sought commitments from fashion brands to detoxify their supply chains by 2020. Considering that fashion is the second most polluting industry in the world, just behind energy production, those commitments, if honored, could have a huge impact on the environmental well-being of the entire world. Seventy-six brands signed on to Greenpeace's plan, among them Victoria's Secret, Nike, Zara, H&M, Adidas, and Mango. Five years later, Greenpeace checked back in with these companies to see if they were on track to meet the 2020 deadline. Some, like H&M, Benetton, and Zara, are making good on their commitments — disclosing information on suppliers and the hazardous chemicals they discharge, substituting hazardous chemicals with safer alternatives, and developing and implementing concrete plans to reach the goals they committed to in 2011.Sadly, most of the other brands that committed to Greenpeace's plan — Adidas, Mango, Valentino, Levi's, Burberry, and Puma among them — have fallen behind in their implementation and are in danger of not meeting their 2020 deadline. Then there are the companies that have taken little to no action to fulfill their commitments. Among those, Victoria's Secret and Nike are the most egregious offenders. While Victoria's Secret has made some small steps toward greater transparency in the types and amounts of hazardous chemicals discharged by the production of their bras and other products, they have done absolutely nothing to reduce their environmental impact and have no concrete plan to do so in the future. Still, they've done more than Nike, which appears to have taken no steps whatsoever to honor their commitments in the last five years. No doubt many of the brands that signed up for Greenpeace's challenge in 2011 did so because they thought it would be a good PR move. The question is, will their lack of follow-through prove a source of enough bad PR to spur them into action now? Do consumers care that these brands are not following through on their promises? Will they stop buying Victoria's Secret bras and Nike sneakers, preferring to spend their money with brands like H&M, Zara, Adidas, and Puma, who are making a real effort to do what they said they would in 2011? Or will they continue shopping as usual? Only time will tell. Here's hoping the environment can wait that long.  From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's a good day for Solid & Striped.Behold, the photo that launched a thousand searches:According to a report from Lyst, Taylor Swift's celeb-filled, Instagram-perfect 4th of July party had everyone searching for the red, white, and blue Solid & Striped suits she, Cara Delevingne, and Gigi Hadid wore. The swimwear brand's page has seen a 365% boost in searches on Lyst with 43,000+ views merely 24 hours after the party. New photos the singer posted today are basically a full-fledged campaign for the company (seriously, was this planned???), so you can expect those figures to rise.It's only a matter of time before the suits sell out so shop them here:Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Showing up for all the curvy girls. Comedian and Saturday Night Live cast member Leslie Jones's new movie Ghostbusters is coming out soon, which means she'll have to get dressed up for the premiere. One significant problem: Leslie could not find one single designer to dress her. Instead of remaining quiet about this issue, Leslie called out the fashion industry on Twitter.It's so funny how there are no designers wanting to help me with a premiere dress for movie. Hmmm that will change and I remember everythingHmm what a difference a tweet makes. Should I name the designers that didn't look out?Put y'all ass on blast. You will not get my love laterFortunately, her tweets got attention, and now, designer Christian Siriano is confirmed to design Leslie's dress for the premiere.  Making Magic With My Baby @csiriano 🤗🤗 Styled BY: @bmcstylez  Jacket: @annekleinofficial  Bodysuits: @evamendes  Pants: @Express Shoes: @vincecamuto  #bmcstyle #ghostbusters #fashion #lesliejones #A post shared by  Leslie Jones (@lesdogggg) on Jun 30, 2016 at 2:05pm PDT Thinking of a master plan W/@csiriano 🤗🤗 Styled BY: @bmcstylez  Jacket: @annekleinofficial  Bodysuits: @evamendes  Pants: @Express Shoes: @vincecamuto  #bmcstyle #ghostbusters #fashion #lesliejones #A post shared by  Leslie Jones (@lesdogggg) on Jun 30, 2016 at 2:13pm PDTAlthough Leslie's dressing dilemma is over,  the issue remains that the fashion industry has a size problem. High-end fashion designers often leave out women who are not a sample size, even if they're celebrities.Barbie Ferreira is a 19-year-old curve model who has modeled for Aerie, ASOS, i-D magazine, and more. Barbie considers herself a curve model because she doesn't fit into a sample size but is not quite plus-size.  Rainy paradiseA post shared by  barbie ferreira (@barbieferreira) on Apr 19, 2016 at 11:08am PDTShe was especially bothered by Leslie's situation and let out all her emotions in a Twitter rant on Wednesday to her 75,000 followers.  She kept it real about how "impossible" it is for girls her size to find high-end clothes and designers who are even willing to dress them for events. The lack of sizing options makes it very difficult for curvier women to express themselves through their clothing. "Curvy women are not allowed to be edgy not allowed to be stylish or allowed to explore their looks like everyone else in this industry," she wrote. The reoccurrence of this not-so-new issue took her over the edge. "So don't expect much from my designer looks in the future until people wake tf up," she tweeted. "And hearing an actress in a huge film having similar struggles...Girl I feel hopeless. Am I gonna have to wear Sears when I win my Oscar?" Barbie ended her epic rant with a shout-out to all the creative curvy girls out there, who have found other solutions to match their fly.According to Mic, Barbie also took to Instagram to vent her frustrations in a post that has since been deleted. Although she's not surprised, she is genuinely upset by the fashion industry's lack of respect for curvy women. "Even if we work hard to be amazing people still refuse to work with us or dress us in their clothes due to their hatred of curves and fat," she wrote.  "We do not always need to cover as much skin as you think we do," she wrote. "We should be allowed to dress as chic and risqué as any other body type. And to expect people in a business that isn't even about their bodies necessarily to fit into one mold ... Sad. Do better, fashion." See Barbie's best swimsuit tips for curvy girls here. From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Graffiti, tube socks and a boombox all make an appearance.Kylie Jenner returns as the face of Puma in a retro hip-hop-inspired ad campaign. The image she shared on Instagram serves major throwback vibes, as she sports the brand's classic Suede sneaker, tube socks, denim shorts, a red bomber jacket draped over her sports bra and clear-rimmed specs. Plus, she shows off a bob haircut.Puma shared a peek of the campaign too, adding a mini history lesson behind the sneaker it's bringing back in style. "The PUMA Suede started its story in 1968. Worn by athletes, b-boys, and hip hop stars of the day," the caption reads. The sports retailer also posted a video featuring Jenner rocking the look in a graffiti-covered vintage subway, boombox in hand.  This is the 18-year-old's second time fronting the brand, after first making her debut back in March, with a more minimalist and athletic scheme. From: Harper's BAZAAR US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It may be time to let the girls out of boob prison. With their pokey underwire, thick straps and sweat-trapping cups, bras are not always the most comfortable thing in the world. Sure, getting a bra that properly fits can do wonders for your boobs, but there's nothing quite like going without one. While there are certainly some folks who simply can't go bra-free, whether it's due to comfort or size, the ones who can seem to universally agree that it is supremely amazing — whether you do it in public or just in the comfort of your own home. As someone with large breasts who has recently started embracing the wonders of going braless, I am totally obsessed. Why? Let me count the ways.Look, one of the most inconvenient things about summer (and having big boobs in general) is the pool of underboob sweat that appears with the slightest hint of heat. When you skip the bra, you have a chance to air it all out rather than pressing that gross moisture against your skin all day.forecast for today: boob sweatFor years, I thought that extremely round, padded and shaped look was the best one for my body. Now that I've started skipping a bra all together, I actually get to see the shape of my breasts, about which I've been previously self-conscious. It's fine if you like a bra-shaped appearance for your boobs, but it never hurts to try something new. Since the bra-free look has returned to popularity, more folks with differently shaped breasts have been rocking it. Droopy, small, large, asymmetrical, perky — all sorts, not just the one type fashion, movies and TV would have us believe. And the cool thing about that is that it's a reminder of how different chests are from one person to the next.in high school, this dude told me if I didn't wear a bra my boobs would get saggy & I responded "I think saggy breasts are beautiful"You know how wonderful it feels to remove your bra the moment you get home? Imagine experiencing that delight for the entire day.Have you ever tripped on the sidewalk because you were so excited to get home and take off your strapless bra? Asking for a friend.Fact: Bras are expensive. Another fact: Replacing them is annoying. If you wind up only wearing one for half of the week, you go through 'em half as fast — and spend half as much.If you've ever felt so inclined to try the continuously popular crop top, I've got great news for you: They look great sans bra.Even the best bras can leave some uncomfortable marks on your skin — why not just skip 'em all together?I'll be honest: Going without a bra sometimes translates to risking a "wardrobe malfunction," depending on what you wear it with. But hey, you only live once. You might as well feel extra alive every once in a while — and that breeze-plus-boobs combo will definitely help.Going bra-less in a loose top on a windy day is literally more brave than skydiving so if u see me in Williamsburg tonight plz high five meFirst of all, some breasts are naturally droopy. That's a fact, and it's fine. You don't need to be afraid of it! Second, there's this oft-repeated old wives' tale that if you don't wear a bra, your breasts will get lower and lower, but a 15-year French study actually concluded the opposite. In fact, the study found that women who went without bras developed more muscle tissue, allowing their bodies to support their breasts naturally. Thanks, science!Obviously (and unfortunately) there are situations where people are going to judge you for what you wear. However, if you feel your most confident heading out to dinner or to the park without a bra, let yourself just go for it. And don't listen to anyone who says your breasts aren't the right shape, size or type to go bra-free. #nobrasnomasters 💪🏻💖A post shared by  Cassidy Miller🍊 (@cassidymiller) on Apr 7, 2016 at 12:41pm PDTYes, really. Just trust me.From: Good Housekeeping US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Two words: Rose. Gold. 😍The social shopping website Polyvore is where the fashion obsessed go build their own shoppable outfit collages, and right now users can't get enough of sunglasses. They're the ultimate summer accessory, and for 2016, shades are getting some really cool updates. Here are the ten most-searched sunglasses everyone is obsessing over on Polyvore.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			😍😍😍😍😍😍😍Zayn Malik has added a load of new pieces to his merch line, and we need every single product he's added in our wardrobe right now.Chatting to Vogue about the design behind his products, Zayn said: "The art we created gives a nod to the vintage rock-band T-shirts but with my own concept. My family is from Pakistan, so having artwork in Urdu has huge significance to me."Adding that he's the #1 fan of his own merch, he continued: "Everything was created with the idea that this is something I would want to wear. I wanted to approach this as an opportunity to extend my ideas as an artist, and to give fans another facet of who I am."So, in celebration the line, we're gonna exercise our civic duty and share five of our favorite products from his collection – not including the killer bomber jacket that Gigi Hadid has been rocking, but hasn't yet been released, which would be number one on the list. Basically, we want it all.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Sugarscape		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Was Runway supposed to be a funny fashion magazine? Because these outfits are a joke.The Devil Wears Prada is 10 years old this week and the movie is just as funny and relevant now as it was back then. The outfits, however, have not stood the test of time so well. Here are the highlights from Andy, Miranda, and Emily, ranked from best to worst.Pretty! Simple and elegant, but still with a nod to her own unique style. This dress is totally cute with its contrasting cuffs and collar. Ten years later and it still works, especially with that high ponytail and the minimal jewelry. This is one of those tricky layering things that never really works IRL. Luckily, this is a movie. Those necklaces are kind of fun too. And there's that hat again. Were those caps really such a big thing in 2006? I guess so.Clearly, Andy managed to learn something during her brief time at Runway. This look is not going to land her on any best-dressed lists, but it's still cute and it's a hell of a step up from where she was at the beginning of the movie. Elegant, if a little dull. Oh man! Running out of good outfits already! Miranda looks good here. Just don't look too closely at her outfit. Is that a tank top layered over her white collared shirt? I think so. It's certainly not a vest. It doesn't have any buttons. At least the colors are simple and her hair and makeup are on point.Simple and a nice color, but nothing to get excited over. I know this is Andy's big Cinderella moment and I'll grant you that the jacket, skirt, and boots look good together — especially the boots — but what is up with that bag? Did she crochet it herself? I mean, I know it's Fendi, but it is still fugly AF. And that necklace! It looks like she shop lifted it from Forever 21 — just stuffed it into her hideous green sad sack and ran.  She's walking around like she thinks she's Jackie O., but, hey, it could be worse. No, seriously, it gets so much worse.One of Emily's better outfits — even if it is a little bunchy around the chest.Does she really need all those necklaces when the jacket already has so much going on? The outfit is pretty cute, but that bag is disgusting. The leather is not the only thing that's distressed. I feel a panic attack coming on just looking at the mangled thing. *From this point on, it's pretty much just one long tie for last place. Leave it to costume designer Patricia Field to make a simple black suit look ridiculous. Has the woman ever met a waist belt she didn't love? And that jewelry! So cheap! It looks like a free gift with purchase. Purchase of what, I'm not so sure. Sticking a belt on a frumpy dress doesn't make it any less frumpy.Is this seriously the best you can do, Andy? A lumpy brown jacket and a bag covered in weasel carcasses? Never has an all-brown ensemble been so jarringly busy. Look away. Look away!This outfit was from before Andy's makeover, when she was still supposed to look like a frumpy mess, so, in that respect at least, it's a complete success.She looks like the lead singer of a Garbage cover band. The scarf is great. It's everything else that's the problem. Can nothing in this movie just be simple? Even her gloves have some weird wrinkly texture to them. And look at that! Another waist belt! Blegh! Why?WTF, Emily! You look like a bullfighter from some sort of Mad Max spinoff. And what is that ratty thing hanging around your neck? Shreds you kept from your baby blanket? And the lime green watch band? I'll admit I'm not really sure what look you're trying for with this outfit, but I'm pretty sure that watch doesn't go.Andy: "Miranda hired me. She knows what I look like."Nigel: "But do you?"Big words coming from a man who wears purple plaid suits, but still, come on, Andy! You're working at Runway now. You need to try a little harder. Save this outfit for Friday night when you're chilling at home, alphabetizing your book collection. Poor Emily! It's one thing to have your boss bump you from your dream trip for someone more junior. It's quite another for that person to deliver the news while wearing a bedazzled butterfly top. Why not just spit in her face while you're at it, Andy?That beanie. No. Just no.The shopping bags say Hermès, but the clothes say strip-mall-store-going-out-of-business sale.Where to start? Her eye makeup looks like it was drawn on with a blue sharpie. And I can't with her unmanicured foot in that basic white plaster cast. Couldn't she at least have put some crystals on it or something?  She's never shown any sense of restraint before so why start now? Enough with the waist belts. Enough already! There is more to being a costume designer than deciding which giant belt to use. Not that anyone would know that from watching this movie.I'm pretty sure Andy stole that top from her grandmother — just reached right into the casket and ripped it off the poor dead woman's body. And that belt! What is that? From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Stupid patriarchy! Within the simple action of buttoning a top is an age-old design mystery no one can seem to solve: Why are women's shirt buttons placed on the left while men's are positioned on the right? There's no real practical reason for the differentiation these days, but the tradition has been around since the 1850s. Here, a list of possible answers to satisfy your curiosity.1. Because of breastfeeding. One theory says that since most people are right-handed and women would typically hold babies in their left arms, placing buttons on the left made it easier to open up a shirt to breastfeed with the free hand. 2. Because of horseback riding. Since women traditionally rode sidesaddle to the right, putting shirt buttons on the left would supposedly reduce breeze flowing into women's tops while riding.3. Because upper-class women didn't dress themselves. This one is, by far, the most commonly cited reasoning for women's left-sided buttons. Wealthy women with maids to help dress them had buttons on the left to make it easier for a right-handed maid to fasten them. There's some doubt about this theory — one fashion history blogger notes that men would've been dressed by a servant too in the 17th and 18th centuries. Meanwhile, buttons were rare on women's clothing until the 18th century and only until after 1860 started appearing always on the left for women — at least 100 years after maids/servants started being used for such tasks. Another thing to mull over: Why would upper-class people adjust clothing for the sake of the servants?4. Because people wanted to mimic clothing of the rich. To add to theory #3, it is believed that even after people started dressing themselves, buttons (once considered expensive items) stayed on the left so the masses could copy wealthy women's clothing.5. Because men carried weapons. Men's shirts button on the right because they held weapons with the right hand and found it more natural to unbutton shirts using the left hand. Women, obviously, didn't need that convenience. This theory could also trace back all the way to hunting and gathering days in which, as Katherine Lester writes in the 1940 book Accessories of Dress, "a man's role as hunter required that he pull a weapon from left to right. Fastening a garment from right to left would impede the movement of our ancestors."6. Because of Napoleon. Women supposedly mocked the French emperor's hand-in-waistcoat pose (then considered a mark of dignity) and apparently he ordered that women's shirts be manufactured to button on the opposite side of men's so they could no longer do that. This one's not totally believable (and there aren't many reliable sources writing about this), but it's out there.7. Because of gender inequality. Nineteenth-century sexologist Havelock Ellis writes in Man and Woman: A Study of Secondary and Tertiary Sexual Characters (published in 1894), that women's garments buttoning right to left is a mark that women "seem inferior to men" in "strength and in rapidity and precision of movement." He argues that women have weaker motor skills because they require assistance in dressing (going along with theory #3). Another theory asserts that, as women's clothing started expressing emancipation and borrowing more and more from men's clothing (see: pants), manufacturers maintained buttons on the left as a practicality to distinguish between men's and women's clothing. That practicality, however, is innately about inequality as Kim Johnson, a professor at the University of Minnesota's College of Design, recently told Vice, "As long as we have power differences between the genders, we will continue to have dress differences." Thankfully, the implied sexism of having left-sided buttons has become meaningless in the mindless minute it takes to put on a shirt in present day. While unisex tops from a variety of brands all maintain buttons on the right, the men's way traditionally, we predict this mystery will eventually end up being a thing of the past with the movement toward more gender-neutral clothing. Or, you know, we'll just deal with it.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Instant gratification just feels better, doesn't it?You buy a new shirt off the rack at Nordstrom or finally open that Fabletics box with the leggings you're dying to wear to your next workout class, and suddenly you want to wear nothing else for the rest of the week except, obviously, the New Thing. And you want to start immediately. You have the same familiar conversation in your head: "So maybe a few other people tried this on before me, but like, it's fiiiiine. I don't really need to wash it immediately, do I? It looks so fancy and crisp in this packaging, it's wrinkle free and stuffed with an ungodly amount of tissue paper, like it's just waiting for me to wear it, nowww." Before you toss the New Thing on your body and walk out the door, you might want to consider listening to another voice—that of Lana Hogue, a clothing manufacturing expert who teaches classes at Garment Industry 411. "You should absolutely wash clothes before you wear them, especially anything that is right next to the skin or that you will sweat on," says Hogue. Even if potential germs from fellow tryers-on don't faze you, the chemicals on the clothes themselves should certainly give you pause.According to Hogue, almost every yarn or dyed fabric requires chemicals to make them into cute skirts or tops. Unfortunately, those chemicals can have side effects, like contact dermatitis, an itchy red rash that pops up anywhere the irritant came in contact near the skin. "Most of the chemicals used in dyeing fabric and putting those finishes on yarns that allow them to be processed through spinning equipment are known skin irritants," Hogue says."Even natural fibers require caustic chemicals," said Hogue. "Even if you buy a 100 percent cotton shirt."As anyone who has studied the "made-in" labels on their purchases can attest, clothing comes from around the world, but components such as fabrics and trims are often stitched and dyed in a variety of countries, each with different laws about chemical use. Ingredients like azo-aniline dyes and formaldehyde resin are fairly common and cause skin irritation. "Formaldehyde is a category 3 carcinogen, which is the lowest hazard, and the amount is so small that it's assumed that it won't remain a threat for very long. But still, who wants to knowingly expose themselves over and over again to carcinogens?" asked Hogue. Even more alarming, a 2010 study conducted by the U.S. Government Accountability Office found some fabrics for sale exceeded the allowable levels of the formaldehyde's resin in the U.S. Donald Belsito, a professor of dermatology at Columbia University Medical Center in New York, told The Wall Street Journal that the case for washing clothes extends from the textile manufacturing facility to the dressing room, which can be breeding grounds for bacteria, lice, and fungus because there's no way to really track who's tried on the clothes before you did. "I have seen cases of lice that were possibly transmitted from trying on in the store, and there are certain infectious diseases that can be passed on through clothing," he told WSJ. Luckily, washing items before wearing them can dramatically decrease the likelihood of getting a rash or lice, or being exposed to some nasty chemicals. Pay close attention to anything that is worn next to the skin or prone to getting sweated on, like summer staples. On Hogue's must-wash list:"If you're going to wear it out and in the heat and sweat in it, you should launder it," Hogue advises. "Sweating opens your pores and allows your skin to absorb the chemicals in clothing." Sweating opens your pores and allows your skin to absorb the chemicals in clothingThere are a few kinds of garments that Hogue says you can skip the pre-wash on, like: "If you have a tailored jacket, you're not going to want to wash it," she says. "It's not being worn right next to your skin and it's not going to give you skin irritation." Hogue also says not to bother sending anything that is marked as "dry clean only" promptly to the dry cleaner. "It's not going to do you a whole lot of good to go dry clean it, because then you are putting fresh chemicals in the fabric. But I would air it out before wearing it."As for the other stuff, we get it: Spending time washing your new clothes instead of promptly showing them off at the bar or barre class is a bit of a buzzkill. But it's worth it. Quelling the instant gratification urge is a small price to pay if you don't want to expose yourself to unknown chemicals, or walk around sporting a brand-new rash along with your brand-new clothes.  From: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			ModCloth's representing for real women with real bodies. If you're sick of seeing models in ads that have been Photoshopped into unrealistically small sizes or digitally altered in ways that are not real, here's good news: ModCloth just promised to never Photoshop their models again. Body positivity has always been a priority for the brand (its website carries up to a size 30 🙌) so this is a natural step forward. Last week, ModCloth co-founder and CEO, Susan Gregg Koger, accompanied Congresswoman Ileana Ros-Lehtinen in Washington, D.C., at an event in support of the Truth in Advertising Act of 2016. This bill pushes for the Federal Trade Commission to develop regulations for over-airbrushing, Photoshopping, and altering the appearance of people in ads. "Portraying women in an honest and realistic way is essential to fulfilling our brand purpose of empowering women to be the best version of themselves. It demonstrates to young women that measurements are a fact, not a judgement," Kroger said in a statement. "We want to lend our voice and the support of the ModCloth community to this movement to stop the extreme and harmful photoshopping of women in advertisements."ModCloth is the first retailer to take this pledge in such a major way, and hopefully not the last. If you're also an advocate of seeing real bodies in advertisements, you can join ModCloth in this push by writing letters to your state representatives and encouraging them to support the bill. Read more about the bill here.From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The model channels Bellatrix Lestrange for the brand's Fall 2016 ads. Marc Jacobs gave his Instagram followers another peek at his fall ads this morning, revealing he had tapped "goth goddess" Kendall Jenner to star in the upcoming campaign. "For me, it is the ability of a model to effortlessly transform into a look and character that makes her so appealing and inspiring," Jacobs wrote in his caption. Which is true. It's very impressive! So what if she needed a little polyjuice potion to kickstart the process! Jenner did her job and more. I mean, it's not any muggle model who could just morph into Bellatrix Lestrange.Kendall Jenner, people — she has the dark Marc. From: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			They're the queens of matching outfits. KenGi is the definition of bestie goals. They've taken over the modeling industry together and their street style takes twinning to the next level. Here's every time Gigi Hadid and Kendall Jenner wore matching outfits and totally slayed. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Mind blown 💥.Back in January, I came to terms with the harsh reality that I was pronouncing Zara wrong for all the years I've been shopping there. Who was I? Did I even know anything about anything? Fast-forward to today: I was shopping on ASOS when I wondered if I had been living another lie. It turns out, I was (😥). ASOS, which, FYI, stands for AsSeenOnScreen, is actually pronounced ace-oss not ay-sos, as I and so many people I know pronounce it. Their site says:People often ask where our name comes from (usually straight after they ask us how to pronounce it — it's ACE-OSS, by the way)Mind. Blown. In a 2013 video from Racked, a bunch of people are asked how to pronounce ASOS (spoiler: none of them say ace-oss) and then British blogger Susie Blogger sets it straight: I'll probably never get used to pronouncing it that way, but there you go! Now you'll be able to sleep at night knowing you can pronounce Zara and ASOS properly. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Do you agree with the rest of your state?Even if you and your besties shop at all the same stores, it's fun to think about where girls shop in other locations across the country. What about the next town over? Or the next state? How does your ~east coast~ style match up to girls on the west coast? Refinery29 enlisted research company Social Context Lab to dig through social media and online forums to find out what stores are most talked about across the country. This data is from the first half of 2016. Here's how the top stores stacked up! This chain was the top store, with 13 states favoring it: Alabama, Arkansas, Georgia, Hawaii, Indiana, Maine, Montana, Nevada, North Carolina, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Washington, and Wisconsin.It's probably no surprise that the lingerie giant is a favorite of seven states: Idaho, Missouri, Nebraska, New Mexico, North Dakota, West Virginia, and Wyoming.Seven states love Old Navy's affordable threads. Those are: Connecticut, Delaware, Iowa, Mississippi, Oklahoma, South Carolina, and Vermont.Six states know that you can get almost anything you want at Macy's. Those include: New York, Arizona, New Jersey, Ohio, Rhode Island, and Virginia.You probably have Forever 21 on your top list! So do the following states:  Kansas, Maryland, Michigan, New Hampshire, Utah, and Florida.Nordstrom's more affordable sister store is favored by four states: Alaska, Colorado, Louisiana, and Minnesota.This sporty chain is loved by three states the most:  Kentucky, Massachusetts, and South Dakota.The UK store is a fave among fashionistas everywhere, but only took the top spot in two states: California and Illinois. Refinery29 points out that this is probably because the chain is only in six states, two of which are Cali and Illinois. Thanks to the companies headquarters in the state, Neiman Marcus is most discussed in Texas. Tennessee is the state that talks about department store Dillard's the most! Are you surprised? Follow @Seventeen on Instagram.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Vintage Chanel and inflatables pair really well. Kris Jenner's closet is a treasure trove of glamour (and more recently, fruit-themed attire), which is why no one should be surprised that Kylie has stolen borrowed something from her mother once again. This time, Kylie took a deep dive into Kris's collection of swimsuits, which are technically vintage now. Ladies and gentlemen, here is Kylie wearing her mom's white Chanel one-piece, with a special appearance by a unicorn inflatable.Kylie and her mom's swimsuit also played with the pig filter on Snapchat, because why not?Unlike the last time Kylie borrowed Kris's hot pink one-piece, no photograph of Kris wearing this Chanel swimsuit exists. Either that, or Kris predicted this would happen and removed all evidence. Come on mama Kris. Show the world some vintage Kris so we can do another #WhoWoreItBetter debate again! Ohhhhhhh so THIS is where my vintage Body Glove bathing suit went!!!! @kyliejenner you are grounded! Wait, I can't do that anymore you're 18....#whoworeitbetter #80's #whoknewyouwouldlikemyoldstuff #recycle #love #mexico #acapulco1989A post shared by  Kris Jenner (@krisjenner) on Aug 13, 2015 at 11:29am PDTFollow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Those who were seriously upset by the photos might feel differently now. If you saw Gigi Hadid and Karlie Kloss' new Versace campaign images and felt a little uncomfortable, you're not alone. Many felt the age of the models (19 and 23, respectively) was problematic because their pretend kids would make them teen moms, and that's not even to mention the much older "husbands." There's also the chain around Gigi's baby stroller — something that felt racially charged to many, since the baby has dark skin. Finally, there's the issue of Chicago. Photographer Bruce Weber stated that he wanted these photos to "mean something" to the city after recent rise in violent crimes. But you can't really see Chicago in the images that were released a few weeks ago. When we told you about the images last week, we mentioned that these were only the first images, and that there might be a more honest portrayal of the city in future ads. And it looks like that is the case. Versace released the campaign video today, which features Gigi and Karlie alongside their "families," real dancers, activists, and other models. It's really, really stunning. It shows all the different parts of Chicago and the beautiful diversity that makes the city so wonderful. And just LOOK at these kids at the end! Dying. Watch the entire video above and be prepared to be inspired. Nice save, Versace. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The actress is heading to UCLA this fall!Modern Family's Ariel Winter has officially graduated from high school, and to help celebrate, her sister, Shanelle Grey, and brother-in-law, David, threw her a giant graduation party last weekend.Ariel took to Instagram on Sunday to thank the duo for hosting such an incredible get together, and to thank everyone involved in making the evening so special. She also showed off her super sexy outfit for the evening: a gorgeous, body con dress in a light pink, very similar to the dress she wore to her graduation ceremony.The actress is bound for UCLA in the fall, and based on the fact she was able to balance shooting a hit TV show with making it through high school, I think it's safe to say she'll do amazing things there.From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I'll buy whatever they're selling when they do it like this.JCPenney's latest ad campaign for their plus-size clothing line, "Here I Am," features this gorgeous, captivating commercial starring a bunch of hotties looking amazing and selling me all the things. The video puts a spotlight on many awesome ladies, including Gabi Fresh, Valerie Sagun, Jes Baker, Mary Lambert, and Ashley Nell Tipton, the Project Runway champ who is now designing a clothing line for the store. (I'll take one of each, please!)Heads-up, companies that sell plus-size clothing! (And really, companies that sell any clothing!) This is how you DO IT TO IT. I love how body positive it is while still focusing on the clothing and the importance of being able to look and feel beautiful, at every size. "There is true beauty in individuality," JCPenney writes on their YouTube page. "So, when we start letting go of preconceived notions of who someone is based on what they look like on the outside, we all take one step closer to body positivity."Amen! Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Outfit changes were the hottest trend on the MMVAs red carpet. Your fave celebs turned it out for the MMVAs.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			*Jaws drop all around the world*Selena Gomez has had links to Louis Vuitton for ages, having been an ambassador for the label since back in 2010 when she was only 17. Flash forward to May 2016, when Selena posed for her first ever Vogue cover with LV's creative director, Nicolas Ghesquièr, sharing that she has "exciting things coming with this brilliant man".Turns out, that exciting thing was Selena's first ad campaign with the fashion house and she and Nicolas just shared some previews of the upcoming LV Series 5 campaign – the face of which is officially Selena G. Happy to finally share my first @louisvuitton campaign --thank you and love you  @nicolasghesquiere 📸 @bruce_weberA post shared by  Selena Gomez (@selenagomez) on Jun 17, 2016 at 10:35am PDT A preview of my #lvseries5 campaign starring the stunning @selenagomez pic by @bruce_weber #louisvuittonA post shared by @ nicolasghesquiere on Jun 17, 2016 at 6:14am PDTEXCITING.Oh, and if these pics are only the previews can you imagine what we're still yet to see. Amazing.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Sugarscape		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You know it's true. Dating can be fun and all, but you've already found the true love of your life: clothes! Here are all the reasons why your boyfriend jeans AKA bae are waaaay better than having an actual boyfriend.1. You don't need be red carpet-ready for bae to make you feel pretty. Bae makes you feel beautiful even if you're just bummin' it. 2. Bae would never ever judge you. Been wearing the same jeans for a week? Bae's all for it.3. No matter how distressed your relationship gets, you always stay together. All the best relationships have some holes in them. 4. When you're with bae, you feel totally free. Not like your skinny jeans ex-bae who was constantly giving you restrictions and making you feel uncomfortable. 5. Bae cleans up niiiiiice. Most of the time bae likes to keep things casual, but if you want to get dressed up and go out, bae can look stylish AF.6. The more time you spend together, the more you grow to love bae. The first day you hung out, it was nothing special. But once you got comfortable with bae, you really started to fall in love.7. You and bae are just a great fit. It's like bae was designed just for you.8. Bae always smells AMAZING. Like fresh laundry. 9. Being with bae is like living in a Taylor Swift song. 'Cause you'll never go out of style.10. Even your best friends love bae. They're sooo jealous that you were lucky enough to find such a perfect match. They hope to find a bae that's right for them some day. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's basically a ticking time bomb.Kristen King of BuzzFeed was out one night with a friend when the two of them noticed a small stain on Kristen's shirt. At first, Kristen ignored it, but as the night went on, the stain grew and grew. Kristen was wearing a jacket, so she knew the growing greasy mark couldn't be the result of a spill. She considered the possibility that she might be lactating but quickly dismissed the notion on the grounds that she had not recently, or indeed ever, given birth. "I am in no way a new mother (unless you count plants)," Kristen wrote.When she got home and removed the greasy top, she discovered that the left side of her bra was covered in a weird oil that was definitely not coming from her. The bra was old AF and already near its drop-dead date, if not well past it, so rather than try to clean the thing, she got out her scissors and started cutting.What she found inside was a tiny liquid sack, which, she deduced, had begun to leak. She did a little internet sleuthing on Reddit and found other women who had experienced similar problems with their own old AF Victoria's Secret pushup bras.Kristen tried to remove the stain from her shirt, but nothing worked. A little more internet sleuthing revealed that most pushup bras contain small sacks of liquid. Under normal use, those small liquid sacks are perfectly secure. But pushup bras, like all things, do eventually wear out and by Kristen's own admission, her bra was long past its prime.All this is not to say that Victoria's Secret pushup bras are bad or doomed to stain your clothes — Victoria's Secret sells millions of padded bras every year without incident — but if you find that you've been wearing the same padded bra for a year or more, it would be wise for you to replace it sooner rather than later. You know, before it's too late.From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You're going to want one of these!Is there anything Willow Smith can't do? The model/sock designer/singer is now a clothing designer with her very own line of T-shirts. She announced the collection on Instagram, showing off the first design. The artsy tee's design is hand-drawn by Willow herself and features a cheeky play on words. The shirts, there are two colors right now, are being sold on her brother Jayden's website, MSFTSRep.com. We can't wait to see what else Willow designs! Basically, we'll wear anything this badass girl makes. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			And she looked really good.Some people might argue that it doesn't really matter what you wear under your graduation gown because, well, you're wearing a graduation gown, but those people haven't seen Ariel Winter at her grad ceremony.The Modern Family star looked gorgeous when she got her diploma from Campbell Hall in Los Angeles (famous alumni include the Olsen twins; Dakota Fanning and Elle Fanning, who also graduated this year; and director Paul Thomas Anderson). Ariel wore a skintight dress with a super-high slit in a pretty dusty rose hue.The dress looked great with her royal blue graduation gown and her bright red hair:She later posted an Instagram celebrating her new achievement, saying, "It's actually done...I GRADUATED." The actress is heading to UCLA in the fall, when she'll join the class of 2020. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You've gone too far, Justin.If there's one thing Justin Bieber loves more than posting throwback pics of Selena Gomez, it's wearing 97 articles of clothing at one time. We've all learned to love his multi-layered style, but JB has reached the point of no return, crossing the line from weirdly stylish into full-blown fashion insanity.At his recent show in Winnipeg, Justin rocked a Purpose Tour denim jacket and khaki shorts over skinny jeans. Yes, you read that right. View:A post shared by Justin Bieber (@justinbieber) on Jun 12, 2016 at 10:17pm PDTHe still looks gorgeous, because he's Justin and he can do no wrong (except maybe the dreadlocks), but the internet is NOT into this new style innovation. Why tf is Justin Bieber wearing jeans under khaki shorts???? pic.twitter.com/AxiepC5IeHShorts on top of pants?really 😂 @justinbieberIt's okay, Justin, we still love you. Khaki shorts and all. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's about time. If you've ever had trouble finding glasses and sunglasses that fit your face, you're not alone. It's an annoyance that often plagues Asian people, who have higher cheekbones, lower nose bridges, and an overall broader face. Glasses and sunglasses without nose pads slip off the face. Most trendy sunglasses, and almost all designer ones, don't have these nose pads. So, what's a girl to do? Now, there's  South Korean eyewear brand Gentle Monster. The glasses are made of cellulose acetate, titanium steel, or stainless steel. Cellulose acetate is especially important because it easily bends to your face without breaking, reports Fashionista. Bloggers such as Aimee Song and Honey Lee are fans of the brand already. Plus, non-Asian celebs, like Rihanna, love the line, too. There's a style for everyone. Glasses don't run cheap, about $190-$280 for frames and $210-$540 for sunnies, but hopefully this awesome brand inspires others to expand offerings to include glasses for a wider range of face shapes.  Follow @Seventeen on Instagram.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Why must your mom look at every single, solitary item on every single, solitary rack?!1. You're excited because your mom wants to take you shopping. Unless there's a huge life event happening, like graduation or prom, it's not all that often your mom takes you shopping and is willing to foot the bill. Your bank account isn't exactly overflowing with all the cash from your after school job, so the fact that your mom wants to take you is a huge deal. Maybe you can convince her to buy you that cute skirt you've been DYING to get.2. Noooo! Mom won't go to that little boutique with your dream skirt because it's too expensive. Ugh. There go all your hopes and dreams of finally getting that skirt that you've been dreaming about for the past three weeks. Mom says you're going to the mall because it's more practical. You don't put up a fight because beggars can't be choosers.3. Mom wants to go to all the department stores. Moooom, no! The only stores that matter are Forever 21, H&M, Brandy Melville, Aerie, and Victoria's Secret. Only old ladies shop at department stores.4. You take a deep breath, suck it up and go to the department store. There has to be some good stuff there. You will do your best to plant a subliminal message in your mom's head to go to Express after she's done dragging you into the depths of every department store at the mall, though.5. She doesn't like anything you like. Can I get this shirt? No. How about this skirt? Too short. What about this romper? In that color? Must she have an opinion on everything?!6. Then she starts picking out all these hideous clothes for you to try on. Oh, the romper was ugly? Really? Says the woman who wants me to try on a a potato sack three seconds later. And she def wants to check out the clearance rack with all the store's reject clothing. Can't forget that! Uggg, why did you think going shopping with mom was a good thing?7. You give up and just let your mom take the reigns. Your mom spends about 15 minutes sifting through every piece of clothing on every rack even though you told her you don't like anything on it. She barely takes your opinion into account before tossing another four items into the basket. She might as well have gone shopping by herself. At this point, you're just following her around like a zombie waiting for this day to end so you can go home with your brand new mommy clothes.8. You spend hours in the dressing room trying on a million things until you're about to go crazy. Three-fourths of which you didn't even want. You usually like shopping, but when your mom is forcing you to try on that pink blouse she swears you'll look "adorable" in (a word you definitely don't even want to be associated with, mind you) and those flare jeans that were totally "in" when she was your age, the dressing room totally loses its flair.9. Wait... a few of the things Mom picked out actually look really good. You were so ready to blast every item she picked out and tell her "I told you so," but you're actually really feeling a couple of the things she picked out. And even that shirt she found in the clearance section is a little gem. But after all the fuss you made, you hardly want to admit it. Can you tell her you don't like it and then sneak it into the basket?10. Even though you hated almost every moment of it, you're actually checking out with some really nice new clothes. So you didn't get everything you wanted, but your mom did let you get a few things you loved, and her picks weren't all that bad either. You're still not wearing that pink blouse though. That was hideous.11. Mom says you can get one thing  at H&M! Or whatever store it is you really wanted to go to. Your subliminal messaging (AKA, you pestering her the entire trip) worked! What were you thinking? Shopping with mom is AWESOME. Even though it's going to be hard to find the one thing you want, you are ready for the challenge, and unlike you, your mom isn't impatient and is willing to walk around the store with you. She even feigns excitement when you pretend you're going to get the Shawn Mendes t-shirt. This is why you love her.12. As you head out to the car with your new clothes, you realize you're going to look fly on Monday morning. Yes, shopping with mom was painful at moments, but she came through. You didn't get everything you wanted, but how can you complain when Mom paid for everything out of the kindness of her heart? Plus, nobody will be able to take their eyes off you when you walk down the hallway next week. Especially not when they see you in the skirt Mom found that's a dead ringer for the more expensive one you saw at that little boutique. Follow Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Sequins on sequins. Selena Gomez's Revival Tour closet is a wonderland of sequins, mesh, metallics, and hundreds of thousands of crystals. We've been drooling over her tour-drobe ever since the first show, but now Selena is adding even more slayage to her stage looks.She debuted a gorgeous new bodysuit on stage last week and obviously it's a freaking masterpiece. The custom-made Rodarte onesie is covered in dark teal sequins that sparkle in the stage lights, much like Selena's smile (and her eyes. And her hair. And her knee caps. And her armpits. She's a unicorn). @selenagomez wears custom Rodarte for her @revivaltour (Styled by @chrisclassen, Photo by @visionelie/Revival Tour). #Rodarte #SelenaGomezA post shared by  RODARTE (@rodarte) on Jun 10, 2016 at 2:18pm PDT Couldn't go out tonight but I got love for you Washington, DC 😘A post shared by  Selena Gomez (@selenagomez) on Jun 4, 2016 at 8:44pm PDTCan we get 20 of these to wear every day for the rest of our lives? Thanks. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			This would be so embarrassing for anyone other than Kylie.Growing up, we all watched in horror as Spongebob ripped his pants in front of the entire beach and then sang a really sad song about it. That episode has haunted many until this day, instilling an eternal fear that is always lurking in the back of our minds whenever we're wearing our tightest pair of skinny jeans.But Kylie Jenner saw this and apparently thought Spongebob looked fly, because she's now rocking ripped pants on purpose. And I'm not talking about your distressed boyfriend jeans type of rips, I'm talking full butt action.A post shared by Kylie ♥️ (@kyliejenner) on Aug 29, 2016 at 2:07pm PDTA post shared by Kylie ✨ (@kyliejenner) on Aug 29, 2016 at 2:08pm PDTSince Kylie is known to be obsessed with her booty, we're not surprised she decided to show off some skin. But considering girls are being sent home from school for showing their collar bones, you probz shouldn't try this one out. At least not to class. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			They made one major mistake the collection. Earlier this month, American Apparel rolled out its annual collection of rainbow merch for pride month, but the LGBTQA+ community isn't exactly pleased with their products. The brand made a serious mistake in the process of deconstructing the LGBTQA acronym on their LGBTQ Tote Bag, mistaking the "A" for ally, when it actually stands for asexual. In the extended acronym, LGBTTQQIAAP, the second "A" does stand for ally, but asexual always comes first. People were quick to point out their mistake, taking to Twitter with the hashtag #BringItBack in an attempt to get asexual put on the bag where it belongs.American Apparel noticed the outrage and Tweeted a public apology. But some still weren't pleased with their response.Follow @Seveneen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Their go-to shoe just got its first update in almost 100 years. It's my firm belief that every human being should have a classic pair of Converse sneakers in their closet. They look good on everyone: guys (hot), babies (adorable), me (fly AF), my dad (so goofy, but in a lovable way). The shoe has kept the same perfectly retro design basically forever, and now the original 1920 All Star style is getting its first update in almost a decade. Even if you're a Converse purist, you have to admit these are pretty kickass.The futuristic new sneaks come equipped with a tall, neoprene tongue, which has a cool embossed logo, funky waffled fabric, and a new sole design that looks like it's made of marshmallow. The collection will be available in stores and on Converse.com starting next Thursday (June 16).Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She shows how far she's come.For most of us, loving your body doesn't happen overnight. Many girls go through ups and downs throughout their lives. One day you might take an #OOTD because you feel hot AF, and the next you might feel that you're too skinny, or your boobs are too big, or your face is too round. And then one day you'll learn to accept and love them all those parts about yourself, because "imperfections" are what makes you unique.Even models deal with it. Iskra Lawrence has become an icon of body positivity, shutting down body-shaming haters and rocking a bikini in un-retouched ad campaigns, but it wasn't always that way. When she was a new model, she battled with her body, even to the point where she restricted what she ate. She was really unhappy with what she looked like, and she was unhappy with how she felt. Iskra shared a shocking side-by-side photo to Instagram where she showed what she looked like when she was in that unhappy, dark place. She's on the far left with a fellow model.  ✨ I had almost forgotten what I used to look like when I was battling with my body and my own thoughts of self loathing.  One of my dearest gfs @iammelwells sent this pic to me today of us both when we were trying to break into the modelling industry. 👭I never knew that she was struggling with the same thoughts as me and neither did she know I was. 👩‍❤️‍👩The two young women in this photo both thought they were fat and too big. would pick themselves apart and then workout like mad at the gym or restrict what they ate because they had body dysmorphia. Some of you may look at the old me on the left and think I was slimmer and therefore healthier. No health is NOT a size it is a state of wellbeing. I did not have healthy thoughts or love myself. It took years to get to this point and there are still days were I let the dark thoughts creep in. Only yesterday I went to try some jeans on, the server said they would definitely fit (I mean they are the biggest size a 29) I couldn't get them further than my knees. 😪For a split second I was about to crumble because it can be anything that triggers those demons to come back. All those years I couldn't fit into clothes or was told I was too big to ever make it as a model. But mostly the boundaries I had put on myself that my happiness would be determined by a number on the scales or that number in my jeans. Which is so F****d up because the truth is YOU get to decide your self worth no one or nothing else. You have to turn around to yourself and take control and say I am good enough, and I will be happy today and I know that I am beautiful because I am me. So please know that you are not alone, you may think you are the only one who hates what they see in the mirror but trust me a LOT of us have felt or still do feel that way. But you deserve to love yourself, it may take time but start today and never give up. ❤️ #iskralawrence #everyBODYisbeautiful thank you @iammelwells for creating your book the #TheGoddessRevolution sharing your journey and helping to heal our relationships with ourselves and food you are incredible 💕🙌🦄✨💫A post shared by  Iskra ✨ (@iskra) on Jun 8, 2016 at 7:43pm PDT"I had almost forgotten what I used to look like when I was battling with my body and my own thoughts of self loathing," she writes in the post. "The two young women in this photo both thought they were fat and too big."She goes on to explain that it took her years to love herself. And it's something she still struggles with. She shares a story about trying on jeans just this week and feeling a negative thought creep into her brain about not fitting in a certain size. "For a split second I was about to crumble because it can be anything that triggers those demons to come back," she says. "All those years I couldn't fit into clothes or was told I was too big to ever make it as a model."But now she knows that happiness is not "determined by a number on the scales or that number in my jeans." She wants girls to know that they aren't alone in this journey and that no one gets to decide your self worth. She adds: "You may think you are the only one who hates what they see in the mirror but trust me a LOT of us have felt or still do feel that way. But you deserve to love yourself, it may take time but start today and never give up." Follow @Seventeen on Instagram.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Yeah we'll take it all.We've been waiting very patiently to get our hands on the Kendall + Kylie Topshop swimwear collection ever since Kylie Jenner teased the collaboration on Snapchat and, thankfully, the special day is finally here!You can shop the sexy swim collection, gold cut-out swimsuits and all. While the swim line includes plenty of mix-and-match styles in simple colors and straight-forward shapes, the bold, bright, cutaway swimsuits that are the biggest sellers and are almost sold out already. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan UK		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You wear it to bed every night, because duh.After months of begging and arguing that "EVERYONE HAS ONE", the day you've been dreaming of is finally here. YOU'RE GETTING A BRA! It's a moment that's filled with happiness and joy, but probably not a whole lot of boobs. Here's everything that will happen from this moment on. 1. You're beyond excited that your mom is finally letting you wear one. You've been gazing jealously at your BFF's bra straps for weeks and finally it's your time to ***SHINE***.2. So you rip off the tags of your new bra as soon as she brings it home. And you sprint to your room to try it on.3. It's a hideous, paper thin, heather grey sports bra, but you've never felt more womanly and beautiful. "Is this what Britney Spears feels like all the time?", you ask your diary.4. You wear it all day and quickly realize that "bra" is just a nice way of saying "straight jacket." 5. And it takes you a while to get used to wearing what's basically a tiny shirt underneath your regular shirt. 6. But you sleep in it anyway, because you're so thrilled to finally have boobs. Even though you don't really have boobs.7. You keep forgetting you're supposed to wear it every day. So for a few weeks you have to change in the bathroom in PE because you forgot to put it on in the morning.8. You start buying every color bra you can find. Pink with blue hearts, NEED. Purple tie-dye, NEED. Black with neon yellow straps, NEED.9. Finally, you get to join in on those late-night bra size competitions that always seem to happen at sleepovers. Yeah I'm a 32 AA, no biggie (it's totally a biggie).10. Now you just need to get your period and everything will be great. Patiently waiting over here...Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"Oh god c'mon, I am more than my physical vessel."Aarti Olivia Dubey recently wrote an article for CLEO magazine about overcoming her fear of wearing a bathing suit in public. On her blog Curves Become Her, she detailed how, while she was emotional about the shoot, she ultimately was happy with everything about it — until she woke up to an Instagram notification that some of her bathing suit pictures from the shoot had been taken down because they violated community guidelines.Dubey says she reviewed Instagram's community guidelines and could not figure out why the photo of her and her two friends in bathing suits had been removed: "This was not some pornographic image, it was not filled with gore or violence, it did not do Anything save for be an image of 3 smiling fat chicks in swimwear that we can hardly term as 'lewd'?" The picture of Dubey and her friends was pinned, reblogged, and Instagrammed thousands of times on other accounts even though it was removed from her own. Seeing this, Dubey contacted Instagram "in a moment of anger" and received "a silly excuse of an apology via email almost 2 weeks after the post was removed," pictured below.Though people are still talking about how absurd it is that her account was altered in the first place, Instagram hasn't commented further. "The expectations placed on our bodies and appearance is unrealistic since we don't all look the same but we're expected to be a size 4 with fair skin and delicate features," Dubey told BuzzFeed in the aftermath of going viral: "Life is far too short to be worrying about what people might say."You can read more from Dubey here.From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Well, two problems. Okay, three. Last week, Versace rolled out six new ads featuring models Gigi Hadid and Karlie Klossshowing off the Italian fashion house's luxury clothes and accessories. At first glance, the ads are pretty and glamorous — exactly what you would expect from Versace. But upon closer look, there are some glaring problems that critics are quick to point out, and speak to bigger issues within the fashion community. First, there's the fact that Gigi and Karlie are playing moms in the ads. Yes, it's acting, which is done in ad campaigns all the time. But take a look at the photos. Gigi's kids are about toddler age and around 5 years old. Gigi is only 21, which would make her a 16-year-old mom. Maybe not the best message. Many pointed out that Versace could have easily used another model, someone who is actually a mom IRL like supermodel Jourdan Dunn. While it's true that Jourdan was a young mom at 19, she was an adult. Here's 23-year-old Karlie with her kids and seemingly much older husband. Second, there's some controversy surrounding Gigi's baby stroller. Namely, what's with the chain?It looks like the chain in question is part of the stroller, attached so the toddler has something to hold on to. But it gives off weird vibes, like, why does the dark-skinned baby have to have a chain around her? There are currently more than 1,200 comments on Versace's photo that the brand posted to its account two days ago. It's a fiery debate, with some saying the chain is seriously problematic and feels racist, even if it's awesome that an interracial couple is being featured. Others point out that it really is just part of the stroller and doesn't have any other meaning. What no one disagrees about? Little Briana is too cute for words.  Her name is Brianna and she is so cute!A post shared by  Donatella Versace (@donatella_versace) on Jun 6, 2016 at 7:07am PDTFinally, there's the fact that the pictures were photographed in Chicago. As Racked points out, Chicago has been in the news nonstop lately with issues of  police brutality against people of color, as well as the city's rise in violent crimes. That doesn't seem to be in question, as the photographer, Bruce Weber, told the New York Times that he was inspired to shoot in Chicago after reading about Father Mike, a local activist. "I went to hear him speak before we started shooting, and he was talking about politics and the need to restore old neighborhoods, and it made me think I wanted these pictures to mean something to the city," he said.But the photos don't really show Chicago...at all. They could have been shot anywhere. Plus, according to a 2010 census discovered by Mic, Chicago is 45 percent white. But out of more than 25 models (and non-models) cast for the campaign, only two are people of color. So, if the brand really wanted to show real Chicago, these photos probably don't represent the people living there. It's important to note, that these are only the first images. Versace did cast 17 men who aren't models, and might show a more honest portrayal of the city in future ads. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			No Kardashian was present at the time.Kim, Kourtney, and Khloé Kardashian's famed Dash boutique on Melrose Avenue was the site of an attempted arson job Monday night, the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department confirms to the Los Angeles Times. The Kardashians, who were not at the store at the time, have yet to comment on the incident. Lt. Edward Ramirez revealed that a witness called 911 at around 11:20 p.m. yesterday after seeing a man throw a "lit object" through the store's front window. Cops arrived to find that no significant damage had been done, but that a "heavy object" was seen burning in the store. Law enforcements also told TMZ, who was the first to report the news, that the object was a "weighted, burning rag" and that a bottle of lighter fluid was recovered outside the store.No motive is known at the time. This Dash location is the family's fourth store and has been in business since 2012. According to KABC, no arrests have been made despite initial confirmation from L.A. County fire officials that one person was taken into custody. Suspect in custody accused of breaking window, trying to start fire at Kardashian's 'Dash' store on Melrose in WeHo. pic.twitter.com/QxkgtHUIsyFollow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I see London, I see France!There is a curse that we all battle with every single day. It strikes when you least expect it: You show up to a party in a dress that's fire AF, but then the next morning you realize that it was totally see-through to everyone but you. And the Curse claims another victim. Well Kendall Jenner sees you, Curse. And she is not afraid. Last week Kenny stepped out in L.A. wearing the hottest underwear-bearing pants we've ever seen. The shimmery gold flares showed off a killer pair of high rise panties, and her tied-up T-shirt gave us a little peek at her favorite lace bra. She faced the paps with her BFF Gigi Hadid and together the two took see-through pants to a whole new level of cool. Okay now, honest question: Can you see through my pants? (Please say yes.)Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Like mother, like daughter.Along with being one of the most legendary supermodels of all time, Kate Moss is also a full-time mother to Lila Grace Moss Hack, her 13-year-old daughter with ex-husband Jefferson Hack. And while Kate has mostly kept her daughter out of the spotlight, she's decided to make an extremely glamorous exception to pose with Lila Grace for the cover of Vogue Italia.Announced on Thursday, the cover features mother and daughter wearing Versace and looking like carbon copies of each other. It's all kinds of adorable, and quite possibly one of the most fabulous family photos of all time. Looks like Lila Grace is most definitely taking after her mom — and what better way to start a modeling career than with a magazine cover? Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Lotte Lutjes says dressing like Taylor makes her feel more confident.An 18-year-old from the Netherlands recreates Taylor Swift's outfits so perfectly, even Taylor herself has gotten them confused. Lotte Lutjes created her first Taylor-inspired costume when she and a group of friends had tickets to the Red tour in London in February 2014. The plan was for each girl to wear a different costume inspired by Taylor's Red costumes, but since Lotte couldn't find the ringleader costume that Taylor wears during "We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together" in stores, she set out to make it herself. Her grandmother helped her sew it together and she began taking sewing classes. Since then, she's made 13 more costumes, including tour outfits, award show gowns, and music video ensembles. Some costumes can be finished in a week, while others take several months to make.  I would like to never ever ever ever wear anything other than this costume. (( THE RED TOUR MEMORIES IM SOBBING HELP ME ))A post shared by  Lotte (@teatimetay13) on Oct 24, 2014 at 12:27pm PDTHer creations include the cheerleading uniform from Taylor's "Shake It Off" video... #mtvemalook #ziggo Here's another entry! I made this outfit myself and it was so much fun! Attending the EMA'S is such a big dream of mine 💕A post shared by  Lotte (@teatimetay13) on Oct 7, 2015 at 9:17am PDTTaylor's 2016 Grammys gown...  I finally finished the Grammys outfit! Ngl, I feel fabulous in this 👑🎉💕A post shared by  Lotte (@teatimetay13) on Apr 1, 2016 at 11:10am PDTOne of the red dresses from the Red tour... This sparkly look from the 1989 tour...  Style outfit progress! The front is all done, just gotta do the back now 💀A post shared by  Lotte (@teatimetay13) on Apr 15, 2016 at 9:59am PDT... and so many more. She documents her design process and posts tutorials on Tumblr.Her outfits are SO on point that even Taylor has mistaken Lotte for herself! Taylor commented, "Lol I thought that was me." It's been one year since this happened. A life changing moment.A post shared by  Lotte (@teatimetay13) on Mar 29, 2016 at 8:08am PDTLotte has Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease, a group of disorders that causes her to have difficulty walking and standing for long periods of time. Her talent for sewing has changed her outlook on life for the better. "I've felt really left out and useless at times, but this honestly felt like a whole new world!" she says. "The costumes definitely make me feel more confident. Not because I look like Taylor in them — that's not my main goal! I just love making them and they make me feel fierce."She sometimes uses a wheelchair and has always liked to decorate it. When she attends Taylor Swift shows, she blings it out to the max with Taylor's initials. Lotte's designs have made her somewhat of a known presence in the Swiftie fandom, which is how she's met some of her closest friends — both people who live near her and other Swift-lovers around the world. "Taylor is just so down to earth and she's her own person and doesn't let anyone tear her down," she says. "I feel like that attitude is something she teaches her fans as well. She taught me how to deal with feeling left out and alone and so much more."          Lotte is graduating high school this year. After she takes a gap year, she hopes to study fashion design in college. It's clear she already has Style!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Besides the obvious, that is.Today in news that will undoubtedly crush your soul, the Huffington Post spoke with podiatrists who confirmed Crocs will kill you if you wear them long enough. OK, they're not going to kill you, but they're going to give you foot problems."Unfortunately Crocs are not suitable for all-day use," Chicago podiatrist Dr. Megan Leahy told the Huffington Post. Though she said they've got decent arch support, they're lacking in the heel-securing department: "When the heel is unstable, toes tend to grip which can lead to tendinitis, worsening of toe deformities, nail problems, corns and calluses."President of the American Academy of Podiatric Sports Medicine Dr. Alex Kor said he most frequently gets complaints about arch and heel pain from patients who are primarily wearing Crocs. He, too, conceded there was some benefit to wearing them (they're good for people with particularly high arches or excessive edema), but "under no circumstances can I suggest wearing Crocs 8 to 10 hours per day," Kor said. Did you hear that? Eight-to-10 hours a day in Crocs is a no-no.It's up to you, my friend. You can sit here Googling "foot corns" and "toe deformities" or you can be the change you wish to see in the world. It's up to you.From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Because flying isn't enough of a pain in the butt already. On May 18, a burlesque dancer with the stage name Maggie McMuffin was forced to change her outfit when a JetBlue pilot refused to let her board a flight from Boston to Seattle because, she was told, her shorts "may offend other families," according to ABC News. McMuffin told the crew members that her outfit had not been a problem on her JetBlue connecting flight from New York City to Boston, and tried to come up with some solutions."I could tie a sweater around my waist," she told KOMO-TV, recounting the incident. "I could get a blanket from you guys, and they said, 'If you don't change your clothes, you're not going to be able to board this flight.'"JetBlue offered to rebook her flight, but instead McMuffin — who didn't have anything else with her to wear — went to another terminal to buy a pair of XL shorts to cover herself up. Maggie McMuffin says JetBlue needs to stop being sexist in judging the clothes passengers wear #komonews pic.twitter.com/MbveGHylS6Weeks after the event, McMuffin was reimbursed for the XL shorts she bought and given $162 in flight credit. JetBlue also issued an apology, though not the pilot. Now that a Facebook post about the incident by her friend Molly McIsaac has gone viral, however, it seems that JetBlue is standing by its decision. "Our contract of carriage allows JetBlue to deny boarding to anycustomer whose clothing may be offensive to the viewing public," a JetBlue spokesperson said on Tuesday."We support our crew members' discretion to makethese difficult decisions."For her part, McMuffin believes the airline should offer sensitivity training to its pilots. "I would say body shaming and slut shaming more than outright sexism,but it is really hard to remove those two things from misogyny," shesaid.From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			#TrackIsBack, y'all.Remember Juicy Couture tracksuits and how you wanted a set in every color, but your mom wouldn't buy one for you because she was "not gonna spend $200 on a sweatsuit"? Yeah, me too. Those tracksuits were so fetch during most of the 2000s, but like all trends, people eventually moved on to other, less match-y things. By 2014, the original Juicy Couture owners had peaced out and Juicy closed all of the U.S. boutiques, which would explain why you haven't seen Kim K wearing a set in recent years.According to WWD though, Juicy Couture is teaming up with Bloomingdale's to relaunch the low-rise velour pants with matching fitted zip-up jackets for a limited designer capsule collection. The campaign is called #TrackIsBack, and it's giving me all the nostalgia feels. In the article, Bloomingdale's vice chairman Frank Doroff says, "Juicy was the originator of ath-leisure, a trend that resonates with our customers and has a strong presence in our fall 2016 assortment." Although Juicy Couture wasn't the first brand to make tracksuits a thing, the fact that they had every celebrity in 2004 wearing velour pants with sequins and foil-printed catchphrases emblazoned on the butt definitely proves its influence in the fashion world. Come July, you'll be able to purchase a new set in seven different colors at Bloomingdale's stores and online. The pants will be available in a slim or flare style for $88, and you can choose a hoodie or collar jacket for $108. Just like the good ol' days. From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Of course.Have you ever looked down at the adorable lacy bra you spent big money on, and shed a single tear because you know it will never see the light of day? Kendall Jenner knows how you feel, so she found a genius way to get around that little fashion prob. As a world-dominating super model, Kendall wears underwear in public all the time, but now, she's rocking a bra in a whole new way. She stepped out in a classic white tee/jeans/bootie combo, but being Kendall, she had to amp up the outfit just a little bit more. The fashion genius threw a lacy bralette on top of the look and in doing so, officially made us want to show off our undergarments in public. If you're a Kendall style stalker, you might remember this bra from her long list of gorgeous Coachella outfits. She wore the scrap of lace with a ton of blingy chokers and a badass cowboy hat. A post shared by Kendall (@kendalljenner) on Apr 16, 2016 at 5:50pm PDT 🌟⭐️🌟A post shared by  Kendall (@kendalljenner) on Apr 17, 2016 at 9:09am PDTThis style is super cute, but something about it is giving us deja vu.... Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Cailey Darling for President!Oh, internet commenters. Sometimes you're so depressingly predicable, it makes me want to hibernate until the next ice age and then wake up and help build a new society based on not being a jerk. But alas! This is the Earth we're all stuck on, so let's move forward!Cailey Darling, a beautiful and bad-ass style blogger, posted some pictures of herself in a swimsuit and because she's a woman on the internet, people felt comfortable commenting on her body. Her offense? Having the audacity to be fat and not covered from head-to-toe in thick, black cloth. (JK, people would still comment on her body if that was the case, too!)The size 28 blogger posted the photos of herself in a ~sUpEr SeXy~ black one-piece Gabi Fresh for Swim Sexy swimsuit and was immediately inundated with dumb comments from "concerned" haters. 'There is this show called extreme weight loss mayb u should call them cuz what ur like 400 pounds?? And ur not pretty at all thats just gross u should actually put on some cloths [sic],' one Instagram genius wrote. [Note href='http://www.cosmopolitan.com/lifestyle/advice/a5125/fat-girl/' target='_blank">Not cool, friend!)Thankfully, Darling isn't letting these dodos get to her. In one comment she writes, "Once I started actively trying not to judge others based on appearances, I slowly started to see beauty in the people around me. Soon enough, I could look at a body like mine and see beauty where society told me I wouldn't find it. It took a long time to apply those concepts to my own body. It started with letting go of judgement of others. I hope you notice in my arguments that I try very hard not to bring appearances into an argument because I believe if you're making fun of someone's weight, clothes, teeth, makeup, hair, etc., then you have run out of material and you do not have anything to argue about anymore. If you're bringing someone down for appearances during an argument, then you've lost the argument. To put it plainly, I do not condone any body shaming at all, ever, even if it is to defend me. If you shame someone's appearance in response to them shaming mine, then you're not on my side. That isn't to say I don't defend myself. I do. I will continue to do so, because I learned to defend myself in real life by watching other fat women stand up for themselves in arguments online. It seems small, but I've gotten dozens of messages thanking me for actually responding because it helps them learn to defend themselves against their own bullying. I will attack their logic, opinions, poopy personality, rudeness, nastiness, self-loathing, or hatred, but never their appearance. I am here to change minds about bodies, not to shame any other types of bodies."Yes!!! And let it be known that there were plenty of positive comments on Darling's gorgeous look. In fact, someone even drew some fan art:In it, she writes, "The hateful comments mean nothing. I don't reply to hateful comments to try and change the minds of the person i'm arguing with. I reply so that other people who face this kind of crap online or in real life can have a bit of back pocket ammo if they don't know what to say or how to defend themselves." Love that so, so much. I'm about to run down through the streets in a bikini with my wobbly bits flying everywhere and if someone says anything to me, I'll eat them. Thanks for the confidence boost, Darling! (And also, this outfit is EVERYTHING and I need it:)Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You're going to be obsessed with #5.Every season there are dozens of hot new trends that are everywhere — in magazines, in stores, and all over Instagram. And it's fun! But it's not like you can buy a totally new wardrobe every time the weather changes. Here's how to choose just a few key items that will update your summer style without emptying your wallet. 2015: Strapless dresses. Of course, strapless dresses will always be in style because they're classic, but they can feel a little prom-y in some situations. We're looking for something more laid-back this year. 2016: Off-The-Shoulder dresses. There's no bigger trend this year than off-the-shoulder dresses and tops. They're both breezy and super flirty for summer. Right: Anything Fleur You Ivory Floral Print Off-The-Shoulder Dress, $49, lulus.com2015: Rompers. We've been wearing rompers every summer for years, and while they're really cute, they don't always fit super well and they're not that comfortable. Plus, it takes forever to pee. 2016: Denim overalls. Bring back your third grade overall style in a really new way this summer. Denim looks give you a cool-girl vibe, and we love the way you can adjust the straps on overalls to make them fit perfectly. Right: ASOS Curve Denim Dungaree Shorts in Bleach Wash, $57, asos.com2015: Printed slip-on sneakers. All you wore last summer was slip-on sneakers. And while we're looking for something fresh this year, the laid-back, easy slip-on vibe is a must. 2016: Sneaker mules. Mules are huge this year, and luckily, they come in easy slip-on sneaker styles that will go with your whole summer wardrobe. Right: Embossed Leather Slip On Mules, $60, vans.com2015: Simple black chokers. '90s-style chokers aren't going anywhere for at least a few seasons. But simple styles can get an upgrade this year. 2016: Wrapped chokers with layers. Layered chokers look both edgy and boho, which is exactly the style we're going for this summer. Right: Vegan Leather Wrap Necklace, $24, urbanoutfitters.com2015: Denim culottes. Last year, everyone was wearing culottes. They're super fashion-y, but not the most flattering and easy to wear. 2016: Cropped flares. Cropped flares feel super fresh this summer. They're a chic new way of rocking those old-school capris. Right: Eco-Friendly Cropped Flare Jeans, $34.94, oldnavy.com2015: Jeweled-collar tops. At one point last year, it seemed like every shirt had studs or rhinestones, and it doesn't feel fresh anymore. 2016: Lots of pins. You'll love wearing pins on everything from dresses and tops, to bags and jackets. They have that built-in jewelry look, but express your unique personality much better. Plus, you can pair them with anything to give any item in your closet a cool upgrade.  Right: Fake Perfume Pin, $6, rosehoundapparel.com; ModernGirlBlitz Ovaries Before Brovaries Button, $2, etsy.com; ModernGirlBlitz LOL Heart Collar Clip Set w/Chain, $19, etsy.com; Jelly Babe 4Ever Pin, $12, prettynobodyco.com; Fries Before Guys Pin, $10 each, bando.com; PenelopeGazin Feeling Feelings Enamel Pin, $12,etsy.com; PenelopeGazin Beware Enamel Pin, $12,etsy.com; Ice Cream Sandwich Enamel Pin, $6,rosehoundapparel.com; PenelopeGazin Spin The Bottle Enamel Pin, $13,etsy.com2015: Cut-out bathing suits. So many one-pieces don't even look like one-pieces because they have so many cut-outs. We're loving actual maillots this year, and even giving a bikini a try. 2016: High-waisted two-pieces. High-waisted bikinis show about just as much skin as cut-out one-pieces, but feel new and cute. They have a Taylor Swift-vibe and are flattering on all body types. Right: Zip-Front Bralette Bikini Top, $17.90, forever21.com; High-Waist Cutout Bikini Bottoms, $17.90, forever21.com2015: Faux septum rings. Since everyone wore faux-septum piercings last summer, we all know they're fake! Plus, sneezing with a faux-ring gets annoying. 2016: Hair earrings. Boho charms, in feathers and stones, are a really fun way to upgrade your go-to summer braids. Right: Stone Down for What 6-pc Hair Charm Set, $20, nastygal.com2015: Gladiators. Don't get rid of your gladiators, but why not try another sandal style this summer? 2016: Shower slides. The sandals you wore by the pool in middle school are now totally 2016. Though Rihanna's faux-fur Puma slides are sold out basically forever, similar styles give you Ri's sporty vibe. Wear them with dresses and skirts for an even fresher look.  Right: PopCat Women's Sandals, $25, puma.comFollow Seventeen on Instagram. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"In order to see real and lasting change in our warped standards of beauty it has to come from deep within the fashion industry."Jenny McQuaile, the director and producer of the upcoming documentary Straight/Curve (which comes out in 2017), speaks about her mission to change the way magazines portray body image:For decades, we have been programmed to believe there is only one measure of beauty: the white, thin "ideal." This is damaging and divisive. Through making the documentary, Straight/Curve, over the last year, I have seen firsthand the effects the "thin ideal" can have on people's lives. It's time we change the message. We need to discuss diversity and inclusivity in the fashion industry and media, and stop shying away from it because of health misconceptions, lack of education, or stigma. We need to see images of women of all sizes, ages, and ethnicities in campaigns, on billboards, in magazines. This is what Straight/Curve is doing. We are creating the imagery we should be seeing more of in fashion and the media. We are showcasing the pioneering people fighting to change society's unrealistic standards of beauty. By showing women of all sizes — 0 to 22 — ages, and ethnicities in the same beautiful aesthetic, we hope to show the fashion industry how effective this imagery can be, and that it will not dilute or destroy a brand  — it will in fact empower women.Real change is happening and it is happening right now. More high-end designers are broadening their size ranges, commercial brands are realizing body positivity is the way forward, and we are moving toward more representation for every woman. But there is still a lot more left to do.  Straight/Curve will inform and bolster a growing movement that demands a healthier and more realistic body image for women and girls — and by extension everyone.  Love your body, no matter what. That was the topic of this beautiful conversation with Iskra Lawrence and her female fans - warm hearts and warm toes here at #UCF! ❤️ #straightcurvefilm #women #beauty #fashion #diversity #bodies #health #aeriereal #iskralawrence #UniversityofcentralfloridaA post shared by  STRAIGHT/CURVE (@straightcurvefilm) on Mar 14, 2016 at 1:35pm PDTIn Straight/Curve,we are including models across the size spectrum to speak to the fact that women can be healthy at many sizes. This is a vitally important message for us to share and one that is often wrongly talked about in society.Magazine editors, like REDBOOK's Meredith Rollins, designers, agents, models, doctors, teachers and more will bring their perspectives to this conversation. We will examine the pernicious misconceptions around health and size, body shame, the lack of diversity in fashion and media, and the limited scope of education in fashion schools among other issues. Straight/Curve tackles these universal issues, which affect each and every one of us, head-on by creating the images that we don't get to see in the fashion industry or media. Through this film, we hope to lift the veil and open the conversation globally so women, and men, can learn to appreciate and respect their bodies and feel represented in the fashion industry and media. 😍✨ This is what people talk about when they talk about a Sunday Funday. MAJOR goddess vibes on set today with the amazing @denisebidot!! #straightcurvefilm #behindthescenes #health #women #bodies #fashion #size #diversity #nycA post shared by  STRAIGHT/CURVE (@straightcurvefilm) on May 8, 2016 at 1:51pm PDTView the brand new trailer, which premiered at the United Nations' Body Inclusivity and Diversity Summit earlier this month.From: Redbook		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Here are Kendall's tips on closet thievery. Stealing borrowing your sister's clothing is a skill that all siblings learn to perfect over the years, and having five older sisters, Kendall Jenner is a master. But her favorite sister to take from is Kylie, and not just because she's got amazing style. "Admission of guilt: I always used to steal clothes from Kylie when she was out of the house. I'd wait until she'd go downstairs, and then I'd strike!" Kendall wrote on her website. "She was the easiest target because we were the exact same size! (Also because, out of all my siblings, it made her the most upset 😉)."But Kendall says the secret isn't just in a stealthy attack — you've also got to keep the evidence to a minimum. "Ky was actually the worst at taking clothes from me. I ALWAYS knew. The hangers would be messed up and she'd just leave messy evidence," she said. "I was the silent thief — very meticulous and neat, lol."We've seen the aftermath of Kylie's closet raids in that infamous blowout fight that went down in KUWTK history. Next time be more sneaky, Kylie!Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Cracking your back, for one.1. Cracking your back. Feeling fully straightened out + the addictive popping sounds = one insanely satisfying experience.2. Taking your hair out of a tight ponytail after a long day. For added comfort, run your hands through your hair and massage your scalp. Ahhhhh.3. Jumping into a cold pool on a hot day. Soooo refreshing.4. The first time you wear a brand-new sweatshirt. If you could afford to buy new sweatshirts every day instead of washing and re-wearing your old ones, you straight-up would. A post shared by Kylie ✨ (@kyliejenner) on May 20, 2016 at 12:28pm PDT5. Putting on clothes straight out of the dryer. This is the only reason you get out of bed sometimes, tbh. 6. Removing your contacts at the end of the day. Your poor, dry eyeballs can finally breathe, and it's such a relief. 7. Taking off uncomfortable shoes. When you kick off your heels at the end of homecoming, you can literally feel the bones in your feet rearranging back to their usual formation. 8. Sharing a pint of ice cream with a friend. A moment of silence for that moment when you're like, "Do we even bother with bowls...?" and she's like, "Nah, let's just eat out of the container." This is pure, comfortable friendship bliss. 9. A Snapchat from your crush. You've never grabbed your phone so fast in your entire life. 10. That first bite of food when you're starving. That bite is usually followed by an inhuman noise that can only be transcribed as, "Urghhhnnfffffmnarfthisissogood." 11. A good grade on a test you thought you failed. Somehow, this is way more electrifying than acing a test you really studied for. All your worries about your tanking GPA are lifted and you can finally relax. 12. Waking up to find out that school is canceled for a snow day. Because it's a snow day, you can stay inside and wear sweatpants and not even bother with a bra.13. When you finally sneeze. FINALLY. 14. Finding a $10 bill in your pocket. Huzzah! 15. The final bell before school lets out for summer. School is your bra in this metaphor... and you are your boobs. Sorry, is that metaphor too much?		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			EW EW EWIn 2016, are we really having a debate on whether girls like sports? Apparently yes. Twitter is blowing up this week over a sexist shirt from a Texas-based company called Live Love Game Day. The shirt in question is just a normal casual tank, but on it says: "Girls who love baseball are rare. Wife 'em up." Girls who love baseball are rare. Wife 'em up.⚾️⚾️⚾️⚾️⚾️⚾️SHOP NOW!https://t.co/1tFwWeaD8R pic.twitter.com/xVJ3LgR8jKReally? Girls who love baseball are rare? Um, we call BS on that, and so do female sports fans all over Twitter. I play baseball 4-5 days a week because I hate it.One girl even says she was blocked by the company after expressing her disappointment in the message that girls who love sports are rare, and the pretty icky idea of "wifing," as if women are somehow property. .@LiveLoveGameday Yeah no, not rare. Really not. I also don't need anyone to "wife me up". Stop it..@LiveLoveGameday WOW, I got blocked. MY very very first Twitter blocking. Wish it could have been as epic as @chickenramen's.And she's not the only one. block people in your target demographic. SMART business. pic.twitter.com/zKvcI0IZVHGuys aren't into it either, understanding that their friends and girlfriends of course can like baseball just as much, or more than them. Go get 'em Carol!  What a wickedly out of touch and ignorant phrase, @LiveLoveGameday.pathetic. "Wife 'em up." Seriously? As if they're property? You can do better. @Tx_Baseball_Fan @RnrgrltxIf fans are expecting an apology from the brand, they probably won't get it. Live Love Game Day tweeted that it sold out of the tanks. Our wife em' tee sold out in record time. Good news, we restocked! Thanks to the 100's of people on Twitter who commented and shared for us!And the retailer even posted another similar one about football, which in turn has prompted more sports fans to call it sexist. OMG, IT'S HERE! Hurry, hurry, hurry! #Football #LiveLoveGameday🏈💍🏈💍🏈💍https://t.co/pFdMqJBxYI pic.twitter.com/m3paXu0VlnI see you doubled down on this sexist bullshit.We've reached out to the company for a statement and will update this post when we hear back. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The body-positive model is back with a Swimsuits for All collection that's changing the game. Earlier this year, Elle called 2016 The Year of Ashley Graham. At that point, she'd landed the cover of the Sports Illustrated swimsuit issue, starred in campaigns for NYDJ and Addition Elle's activewear line, and designed a dress collection for Dressbarn. What else could she possibly do? Fast-forward only two months, and Graham is back and finally giving the people what they want: a sexy-as-hell swimsuit collection. Swimsuits for All Secret Agent Siren Swimsuit, $76; ashleygraham.swimsuitsforall.com; Alpha Industries MA-1 Flight Jacket, $140; alphaindustries.com; Vans Women's Slide-On, $30; vans.com"It all kind of started when Swimsuits for All put me in their ad campaign last year," Graham told me over the phone last week of her new collaboration with Swimsuits for All. The ad she's referring to was kind of a big freaking deal. It showed Graham poolside, rocking a string bikini as a thirsty dude in a suit falls into the water behind her. In fact, it was history-making — a campaign which made her the first plus-size model to appear in an ad in the Sports Illustrated swimsuit issue. "From there they realized they should do a swimwear line with me because Gabi [Gregg's] line was so successful." Swimsuits for All Secret Spy Swimsuit, $76; ashleygraham.swimsuitsforall.com; Earrings, Graham's ownThe collection, Graham tells me, is inspired by James Bond. "I wanted to be James Bond," she clarifies. "Not one of the girls. They're always portrayed as the sexy secondary, but why not be the boss? I'm strong, but also sexy."In spite of her arresting beauty and self-confidence, at the end of day, Graham still wants the same thing every woman does when it comes to bathing suits: for her chest to look amazing. "When I tried on the samples, my boobs kept falling, so I asked them to add bras. The suits run up to a size 24/26 and some of these women have large boobs and some girls do not. But either way you still want them high and lifted." With bras in the scuba one-piece, and the mesh one-piece, and ample support in the string bikinis, Graham's guaranteed your girls will be high and close to God. Swimsuits for All Stakeout Swimsuit, $139; ashleygraham.swimsuitsforall.com"I wanted to do something that was supportive and super sexy, yet simple enough for the buyer to feel that she could wear it all the time," Graham continues. You'll find that simplicity in the Espionage string bikini, the Double Cross bikini, and the Secret Agent black swimsuit. "But we'll have some fashion moments," she quickly adds, in a nod to the Intrigue swimsuit, one made with 521 Swarovski crystals. "I'm simplistic at heart but I love fashion too." Swimsuits for All Liaison Swimsuit, $76; ashleygraham.swimsuitsforall.com; Leather Jacket, Hairstylist's OwnPhotographer: Aingeru Zorita at De Facto; Hair: Andrew Fitzsimons at B&A; Makeup: Robert Sesnek at The Wall Group; Manicurist: Mar Y Sol at Kate RyanShop Ashley's collection for Swimsuits for All today.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Bye bye, free undies. 😢Victoria's Secret is eliminating their iconic mail-order catalog. Deep breath. I know this is difficult to hear. The catalog, which made its first appearance in 1977, costs between $125 and $150 million per year to produce, according to WWD, and has become increasingly irrelevant in the age of online shopping. Bank analysts, therefore, expect the elimination of the catalog to have "little to no impact on sales," according to Market Watch.This is the latest of a series of big changes taking place at the world's largest lingerie retailer. It all started last month when Victoria's Secret announced that they would no longer sell swimsuits. Since then, they have also announced plans to pull out of all clothing, accessories, and shoe categories in order to focus more on their core businesses — bras, underwear, and beauty — as well as their growing activewear collection. The brand will also be eliminating many of its direct-mail marketing campaigns, like those that offer consumers a free pair of panties or $10 off a bra the next time they visit a Victoria's Secret shop. The reasoning behind such offers is that once you lure customers into the store with freebies and discounts, they will continue to shop for items at full price. But lately too many customers have been coming in for their freebies and then leaving without buying anything else.So many changes. It's OK if you need to take a minute to process them all. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			And Gina Rodriguez is behind it.Recently, there's been a renaissance in redefining what the shade "nude" means. Christian Louboutin expanded its shades of skin-toned shoes. Dancers have come out with their own collections of leotards and ballet shoes after finding only light-colored ones. Now, Naja brings the revolution to arguably its most in-demand arena: bras and panties. Today, the ethical lingerie brand launches "Nude for All," a collection including seven shades guaranteed to suit all women.Naja CEO Catalina Girald first got the idea while watching the 2012 Olympics and seeing Gabby Douglas wearing "nude" colored shoes that didn't match her skin. "I used to be a gymnast so I'm always sensitive to those things, and it was the first time that it dawned on me that the wrap didn't exist in other colors," she says. It'd be two years before Naja came to life in 2014, but Girald held on to the idea of an inclusive collection of nude underwear. Girald met Gina Rodriguez―who had not yet been cast in Jane the Virgin―at an event and shared her vision. "She said, 'What?! That's a great idea!' and eight months later when she won the Golden Globe, I called her up and said, 'Hey, remember that idea? Why don't we do it? Can you be my partner?'" Girald recalls. Rodriguez, of course, said yes and now is featured in the campaign.To create the seven shades, Girald first started with makeup to come up with base tones. "I pretty much bought every cosmetic possible," she says. They narrowed it down to 23 colors and actually made 23 shades of bras and panties. To make sure it could really suit all skin tones, they put up ads on Craigslist and social media to have women come in and try them all on until they were left with the most universal shades.It was important for Girald that "Nude for All" was not only about providing lingerie for all skin colors, but also to feature real women instead of models in the campaign. There's not only a variety of ethnic backgrounds, but body types as well. Girald says the primary goal was to find women of accomplishment. "Our criteria was 'women breaking the mold,'" she says, "The idea was let's find the woman with a cool story and whatever her body shape is, we'll adjust to that. It was really great." In addition to Rodriguez, there's a Silicon Valley software engineer for an electric car company, a ballerina from the San Francisco Ballet, a Bangladeshi-Muslim girl who fought being in an arranged marriage, and a Harvard Business school student. The prices are: bras at $52 and underwear at $18, $20, and $22. Each bra also comes with a lingerie wash-bag made by women in need from Colombia through the Underwear For Hope Program. As for why it has taken so long for lingerie companies to give this range of offerings for women of all skin colors, Girald explains it's because of the supply chain. It takes a lead time of 12 months and the minimum order is 10,000 (which, for seven shades like Naja's would mean ordering 70,000 units). Naja, however, has an environmentally friendly and efficient adaptive supply chain that produces only a couple hundred units in one month.Girald is excited for "Nude for All" to launch at a time when so many other companies are catching up to the demand for more shades. "It's time for people to have shoes in different colors. And leotards. And lingerie," she says, "I'm really excited."Shop the Nude for All Collection at naja.coFrom: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"Interesting that they chose to glorify something so superficial like this, and not focus on the issues Latinos face in Hollywood."This past Tuesday, Orange is the New Black star Dascha Polanco (she plays Daya) showed up to People En Espanol's 50 Most Beautiful 2016 gala looking drop-dead gorge in a cut-out white dress. But she wasn't the only one wearing the House of CB creation. Venezuelan TV host Daniela Di Giacomo also wore the same dress. Both women look great, and even though it's kind of a bummer to show up to a big event wearing the same dress as someone else, it's really NBD really, right? Well, things took a turn for the worst when hosts on the Univision show El Gordo y La Flaca pitted the women against each other in a "who wore it best?" style debate. Dascha did NOT appreciate the way her body was talked about on the show, reports WZAK Cleveland. She took to Instagram to express her disappointment in the show. She wrote: "It's really tasteless to come across today that a host of @univision@elgordoylaflaca have used poor choices of words that have become offensive. They have created an environment in which it has ignited bullying across their platforms & has instigated against my weight due to the same dress being worn by one of their host and I last night. Interesting that they chose to glorify something so superficial like this, and not focus on the issues Latinos face in Hollywood. I don't get how they allow their reporters to use profanity to make noise." It’s really tasteless to come across today that a host of @univision @elgordoylaflaca have used poor choices of words that have become offensive.  They have created an environment in which it has ignited bullying across their platforms & has instigated against my weight due to the same dress being worn by one of their host and I last night. Interesting that they chose to glorify something so superficial like this, and not focus on the issues Latinos face in Hollywood. I don’t get how they allow their reporters to use profanity to make noise.  #ismellgood #ieatbullies #OffensiveFoul #siempreyo #gordayto #estacurvasnuncasevanaenderezarA post shared by  DASCHA POLANCO (@sheisdash) on May 18, 2016 at 8:00pm PDTNo comment from Univision as of yet. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			From Converse and skinnies to show-stopping sequined gowns, see all Selena's best red carpet looks. From Converse and skinnies to show-stopping sequined gowns, see all Selena's best red carpet looks. Selena put together a layered mix for The Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End premiere — Converse sneakers, jeans, and a vest-over-tunic combo. The top Selena is wearing is actually a onesie! She paired it with jeans and a vest for a triple-layered look. Selena uses her Wizards magic to bedazzle in this LBD. The studs totally give it a rocker edge.Selena would fit in as part of the Princess Protection Program with this Greek goddess-inspired dress. Paired with a simple silver cuff, she looks totally grown-up and glam in this one-shoulder long gown. Selena cinched her silky gray dress with a knotted belt at the premiere of Another Cinderella Story. Selena amped up her purple bubble-hem dress with a wide patent leather belt. Hello, LBD! Selena kept it simple in a black shift and a string of pearls. Selena went vintage-Hollywood gorgeous in this off-white dress. She kept her jewelry and shoes simple, but wore bright red lipstick to make everything pop.Selena strayed from her standard, classic style and went for a more boho look in this flowy dress. We love how the off-the-shoulder cut flatters her angled bob. Selena stunned in this pastel pink gown. And even though this elegant gown has a sophisticated feel, Selena's choice of color keeps it looking young and fresh.At her CD release party, Selena looked super-glam in this silky gold tank and fitted black skirt.  We love how Sel updated this Audrey Hepburn-style LBD with bold shoulders. Plus, her coral lipstick gives this look an extra punch.At the 2009 Emmy Awards, Selena looked absolutely stunning in this flowy gown with a fitted sweetheart top. We're getting major ancient Greek vibes from Selena's 2010 Teen Choice Awards ensemble . The pop star paired a wispy white mini dress with gladiator heels.The star stunned at the 2010 MTV Video Music Awards in a glittering Reem Acra gown (check out that jeweled neckline!) paired with matching peep-toe pumps.Selena got a leg up at the 2011 Kids Choice Awards in high-waisted white shorts, a sheer, layered crop top, and teal heels.At the 2011 MTV Europe Music Awards, Selena proved that a little dress can make a big impact. We love the flirty tulle hem on her Marchesa design.Talk about a "wow" moment. Selena channeled old Hollywood-glam at the 2011 American Music Awards in an  champagne satin gown and strappy jeweled heels. Retro waves and major earrings completed the look. Leave it to Selena to wear a total princess dress like it's NBD. The pop star stopped by an Oscars after-party in 2012 wearing a lavender-gray lace gown embellished with sequins and beads.Now this is a party dress! Selena posed for photos at the Katy Perry: Part of Me premiere in a pink feathered frock.Selena brought the drama to the 2012 Venice Film Festival premiere of Spring Breakers in a blush gown with some major side-ruffles.After a string of super-romantic red carpet looks, Selena edged it up in a strapless leopard print dress.Selena sparkled at a 2013 Golden Globes party in a gold mini dress and taupe patent leather pumps.The actress made an entrance at a 2013 Oscars after-party in a a blush organza ball gown with a super-pretty embroidered bodice.Selena knows you can't go wrong with a red gown! We love the sheer panels on this one.We're obsessed with the neon accents on Selena's ultra-modern gown at the 2013 Billboard Music Awards.At the 2013 Teen Choice Awards, Selena took home a surfboard in a sporty hunter green dress with subtle cut-outs.Va-va-voom! Selena turned up the glam, looking like a bronze statue at the 2014 Vanity Fair Oscars after-party.Looking like the ultimate fashionista, Selena hit the Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards in formal shorts and a printed tunic. Wow! Selena debuted super-straight hair at the iHeartRadio Music Awards. She also rocked two trends, wearing a crop-top and flippy skirt. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Saving your white tees isn't as hard as you think.Jolie Kerr is a cleaning expert and advice columnist. She'll be on Esquire every week helping to answer your filthiest questions. Are you dirty? Email her.I have quite a few T-shirts that have gross stains in the armpits. Some of them have actually developed a hard surface. I've tried sprays and hot water but no luck. Any suggestions?Oh yes, I have suggestions, indeed I do! The shirts in question are fairly far gone, and — real talk time — may be beyond salvage. But we shall try to save them, because there is hope yet. Before we do that, however, let's back up and talk about why pit stains happen and what you can do to stave them off before they turn the arm holes of your shirts into cardboard.One of the reasons that pit stains are so tricky is that they're not actually one single thing; they're caused by your sweat, yes, but also by the ingredients in the antiperspirants we use to curb our sweat. A way to cut back on the trauma visited upon your shirts is to change the type of deodorant you're using — opting for a formula that doesn't contain aluminum will help matters greatly. There's a chemical reaction that happens between sweat, aluminum, and the fabric of your shirts that results in not only those ugly yellow stains, but also that sort of crusty stiffness that so often plagues the underarms of our shirts.Another important thing to understand about the science behind pit stains is that the sweat itself is protein. Whenever you're dealing with a protein stain of any kind, always avoid the use of bleach, which can make protein stains appear more yellow than they were to begin with.Our Letter Writer mentioned that he was using "sprays" — laundry pre-treatment products used to eliminate stains — on his shirts, which is a good thing to do. However, they weren't working for him, which I suspect is happening for one of two reasons (or both!). The first possibility is that the product isn't the right one for the job, and the other is that it's not being used in a way that maximizes its efficacy.In terms of your product choices, look for something enzymatic, which is going to be the ticket to combat protein stains. Two brands to look out for are Zout and Seventh Generation Stain Remover. When it comes to using pre-treatment sprays, they'll be more effective if you apply them to the shirt right after you take it off. One thing I personally find helpful, that I share with you in the event you're like, "Oh my God, I have to spray my shirts with stain remover every night??? What kind of monster are you?" is to leave the bottle right next to the hamper. That way it's right there and you can grab, spritz, and toss the shirt in the laundry bin. When it comes time to get those shirts into the washer, there are some add-ons you may want to consider using in addition to your regular detergent. The umbrella term for these types of products is "laundry boosters" and, in the case of pit stains, you want a booster that will help to remove stains (there are boosters for odors, for keeping darks dark, for whitening whites, and so on; eventually we'll talk about those but we already have a TON to cover today). Borax is a great one, as are oxygenated bleaches like Clorox Oxi Magic, which have a different chemical structure from chlorine bleach and are highly effective when it comes to treating protein stains. Using a scoop of one of those products as part of your regular laundry routine is going to go a long way in keeping your shirts from getting to the point where they're permanently stained and suffering from that cardboard-y stiffness.Of course, our Letter Writer's shirts are well past the point where regular laundering, even with the inclusion of boosters, is going to make a dent in the problem. Which means it's time for some serious triage efforts, in the form of soaking the shirts in oxygenated bleach for an extended period of time. Never fear, this is a fairly hands-off endeavor.The idea here is to allow the shirts to experience prolonged exposure (anywhere from an hour to overnight) to laundry products that machine washing can't offer. The soaking can take place in a number of places — the kitchen sink (bathroom sinks aren't likely to be big enough for this operation), the bathtub, a utility sink or bucket, or even right in the washing machine, provided you don't have a HE model (HE machines won't fill with enough water for this purpose). The idea is to find a place that is roomy enough for your shirts to be fully submerged in water. For our purposes today, we'll use the kitchen sink as the site of this theoretical soaking.Before you begin, you'll want to ensure that wherever you're performing this operation is clean. This is especially true if you're using the kitchen sink, which is a thing pretty much everyone should be cleaning more than they are. Again, that's another post for another day. Just: Clean the sink. You don't want to be soaking your shirts in salmonella.We're going to start with hot water, which will help the oxygenated bleach dissolve fully. The water will cool (duh) over the course of the soaking, so really the temperature thing is just to help the products get settled. In terms of how much to use, generally speaking, use the same measurements you'd use in a regular load of laundry (oxygenated bleaches tend to come with a scoop for measuring dosages).Now it's time to submerge the shirts, using your hands to swirl them about in order to work the solution of water and oxygenated bleach through the fibers. Then, just leave them be. For, like, a long time. An hour, at least, but honestly the longer the better — overnight is ideal. You can also help matters along by rubbing the fabric against itself from time to time while the shirt is enjoying its long soak. In the case of the Letter Writer's shirts, that have gone stiff from his antiperspirant, using a laundry brush will help greatly to relieve the fabric of all that build-up.  When the shirts are done soaking, drain the water (though please do pause to admire the satisfyingly gross shade of gray it will have turned as all the sludge seeps out of your shirts!) and squeeze the shirts to extrude excess water, being careful not to wring the fibers to prevent stretching and/or fraying. Then launder the shirts as usual and prepare to rejoice because you, my friend, have just succeeded in saving your T-shirts from an ugly, pit-stained future.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Esquire.From: Esquire US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			This might be one of her best ever looks. At any major celeb event, you can bet Zendaya will totally mix things up on the red (well, in this case magenta) carpet. Of course, at the 2016 Billboard Music Awards, Queen Z did not disappoint. Because she transcends all the regular fashion norms, Zendaya made a show-stopping entrance in a Calvin Klein Collection peach bralette with mesh detailing and matching maxi skirt with a train for dayyyys. She kept the whole look chic and simplistic, with pin straight strands and a shimmery gold eye. Proving a look is only as good as it's accessories, Z rocked a gorgeous diamond choker with a matching pendant. She piled on tons of rose gold rings and bracelets, giving the look some eye-catching sparkle. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The whole Fifth Harmony crew ~brought it~ on the pink carpet. Fifth Harmony took on the magenta carpet at the 2016 Billboard Music Awards in an all black gowns, but their LBDs were anything but boring. Camila Cabello was showing some major skin in a slinky floor-length gown with a flirty thigh slit and a super low back. She pumped up the sultry look with stand-out accessories, serving up some major sparkle with a dazzling diamond studded gold neck cuff.The whole Fifth Harmony crew totally slayed in all-black, rocking lots of lace and sparkle. Ally Brook's lace look is actual prom goals and her hair is the stuff of dreams. We're lusting over Normani Hamilton's jaw-dropping gown and super glitzy heels. The lace detailing on Lauren Jauregui's silky gown is stunning and seriously, we dare you not to stare at Dinah-Jane Hansen's beaded flowers. The girls all went with loose waves and super smokey eyes, topping off the smokin' hot looks flawlessly. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			So many gorgeous dresses.So many gorgeous dresses.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Grab them now before they're gone.If you're a fan of Victoria's Secret's comfy tanks and sweats, we have some bad news: the company will no longer sell clothes, shoes, or accessories. This news comes a month after VS announced it would stop selling swimsuits.The company is changing up its offerings in hopes of saving money. Clothes, shoes, accessories, and swimsuits are currently available on major sale online if you want to order your favorite products before they go out of stock. Going forward, VS will focus on three categories: lingerie, beauty, and PINK, Fashionista reports. So if you always cut through VS to head straight for PINK, don't worry, this news won't affect you too much!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Just brew it.Just a week after Nike released a pair of sneakers inspired by Krispy Kreme donuts, the athletic brand has officially released yet another delicious collaboration: a pair of SB Dunk Low Premium sneakers inspired by Starbucks.So far, it's unclear why Nike decided to join forces with the popular chain, and some sources claim the collaboration might not even be official — but regardless, it's safe to say anyone who's obsessed with Starbucks will be just as obsessed with these. The shoe features a brown and khaki swirled canvas upper — reminiscent of coffee mixing with cream, of course — along with dark green and white accents on the sole, borders, and swoosh, meant to mimic Starbucks' trademark colors. The Starbucks SB Dunk Low Premium sneakers are available now for $100 at select Nike retailers.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"Are jeans supposed to feel like this?"1. You slip on your first pair and think you must have the wrong size. Jeans aren't supposed to feel like this... are they?2. You realize that your pants ACTUALLY HAVE POCKETS. REAL FRONT POCKETS! They aren't tiny little fake pockets either, they're real, roomy pockets. You can fit your phone in them! You can fit everything in them!3. You jump and squat and do some lunges, because you've forgotten what it's like to actually be able to move while wearing jeans. You have a full-blown workout sesh in your fitting room because you just feel so free.4. When you wear them for the first time your brother asks you if you accidentally bought the wrong size. No, they're supposed to look like this, little bro. 5. Your skinny-jean-loving besties poke fun at your "mom jeans". But you're just like...6. Meanwhile, your boyfriend can't grasp the concept of "boyfriend" jeans at all. "Wait, you stole my jeans?"7. Soon, you're addicted and you decide you'll never going back to skinny jeans again. You've been wearing them for four days straight, but you CAN'T STOP. 8. You wear your bf jeans so much that the perfectly distressed knee slits become ragged, gaping holes. You actually have to shave your legs before wearing them. 9. You don't wash them for 59683 days. They just get better and better, slouchier and slouchier with each wear!10. You accidentally throw them in the dryer and your entire life falls apart before your eyes. PLEASE LET THEM STILL FIT.11. Eventually your gaping knee holes become actual tears and you're forced to part with the best boyfriend you've ever had. You shed a tear, because you know you'll never find another pair like them. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Basically, your summer must-wear list. The school year is coming to a close and you know what that means: no more dress codes. You've got total and complete outfit freedom. To help you kick up your summer style here are all the must-wear things people on Pinterest can't get enough of. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Now if only she could teach me how to do this with shoes. I'm rarely able to travel with just a carry-on bag, which sucks for me because that means I have to pay at least $50 to check bags both to and from my destination, in addition to the price of my plane ticket. Womp. Part of that reason is because I'm not good at luggage Tetris and haven't mastered how to efficiently pack all the clothes I want to bring with me when I travel.But after seeing this viral video posted by Anacleto on Facebook that has more than 11 million views about how to fit almost two weeks' worth of clothing in a teeny-tiny carry-on, I might finally be able to save that money for something else. In the video, a woman starts by laying one long-sleeve shirt flat on the ground. She then takes another long-sleeve shirt and lays it in the opposite direction with the arms overlapping the shirt underneath. She does this with eight long-sleeve shirts, a hoodie, and two T-shirts. She then lays three pairs of pants across the stacks of arms and then lines the middle of the pile with, like, at least nine pairs of socks and a stack of undies. She finishes the stack with two more items that look like they could be leggings or scarves, and then starts to fold. I'm not really sure how to explain the wizardry she does when folding everything, but I think it can best be described as a kind of wrapping process that results in an organized ball of clothing that you can then neatly lay inside your suitcase. If that doesn't make sense, watch the video above. It's worth it, I promise.Now if only she can make a video about how to easily fit 25 pairs of shoes and toiletries in your bag too...From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You silently curse yourself for not putting on Band-Aids before you left the house. We've all been there: you slip on your snazzy new shoes and head out, ready to take on the world. Then tragedy trikes in the form of a budding blister and your entire day goes downhill fast. Here are the all the awful, terrible, miserable things that always seem to happen when you're wearing a new pair of shoes. 1. You start out the day filled with wonder and excitement at the thought of introducing your new shoes to the world. You're going to get so many compliments. 2. But on the walk to the bus stop, things start to get... weird. This doesn't feel right...3. You ignore the uncomfortable rubbing and just pretend it's not happening. 'They feel fine,' you lie to yourself. 4. Silently, you take a mental inventory of every item in your backpack while your shoe continues to rub. 'Do I have a Band-Aid? There has to be one in there somewhere, right? I'll check when I get on the bus...'5. When your bag search yields no bandage, you turn to your school nurse. But not before you hobble off the bus and suffer through the unbelievably long walk to the nurse's office.6. But by the time you get that little strip of rubber and gauze on your foot, it's too late. You've reached the point of no return. 7. You curse yourself for not bringing Band-Aids with you from home – you should have known this would happen! For all the good they're doing you, you might as well have not even put the bandages on at all. 8. So you hobble around the school for the rest of the day, marveling at all the happy people around you – people who aren't experiencing mind-numbing pain with every step. You used to be happy too, but that's in the past. 9. And when your lab partner compliments your "cute shoes," you smile and pretend you're not dying inside. "Oh thanks, aren't they soooo adorable?!," you say with a look that's 1/2 convincing smile, 1/2 grimace.10. Then, because fate is a cruel, twisted monster, due to some random, unforeseen turn of events, you're forced to walk much more than you'd walk on a normal day. Why did my econ teacher pick today to walk us across town for a field trip to the Dollar Store?!?? Teach us about supply and demand tomorrow!11. You cave and take them off on your walk home. While trying not to think about how disgusting the sidewalk is. 12. By the time you get home, there are only two bleeding stumps where your feet used to be. You make peace with the fact that you might never regain the full use of your feet. 13. You spend the next two weeks wearing sneakers. And not just any sneakers, the most comfortable sneakers you own. 14. And you vow never to touch those wretched shoes ever again. 15. Until a month later, when you've forgotten everything they put you through. And the process starts all over again. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			These are LOL but also pretty useful. You know when you're running (or running late) and the wires connected to your inner-ear headphones are flopping all over the place, so you're basically holding them in while you're trying to move fast? Such a pain. Jewelry designer Abby Dubois had the same issue when her earbuds kept falling out while she was running on the treadmill. It prompted her to launch EACH jewelry, innovative stud earrings that actually hold your earbuds in place. Plus, they're just cute earrings when you don't have headphones in. The studs come in a variety of shapes — circles, bars, hearts, stars, and bows — with a little divot in the middle to stick your headphone cord in. All EACH jewelry is made in the USA from .925 Sterling Silver. Studs range from $68-$98 at Eachjewels.com.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Bella Hadid was one of them. The Misha Collection runway show is a big event at Australian Fashion Week, and with Bella Hadid opening and closing the show, yesterday was definitely a star-studded event. The models looked beautiful in the Aussie designer's clothes, and Bella slay'd her walk. But there was one part of the show that did NOT go over well with the audience and lots of people on social media.After IMG Models (the company that reps Bella) posted a video of the finale to Instagram, Yahoo Style noticed that the song was Beyonce's "Formation," and that there wasn't ONE black model in the entire show. Ugh.  @BellaHadid closes the @MishaCollection show 🔥 #IMGStars #MBFWA #IMGModelsAustraliaA post shared by  IMG Models Worldwide (@imgmodels) on May 15, 2016 at 11:09pm PDT"Formation" isn't just a song to women of color. It's an anthem all about that #blackgirlmagic and being a confident black woman. So, many found it problematic to have all white models finish the show walking to the song. You can see these feelings being expressed in the comments on IMG's Instagram post. "This song is an ode to powerful black women around the world, so where are the black women???" one person asks. Another says: "What an insult to the song!!!! When there is not one single black model?"Many are quick to point out that Bella did a GREAT job, it's just unfortunate that her big break on the runway is being shadowed by a poor song choice. As Yahoo Style points out, lack of diversity on the runway is nothing new. According to the Fashion Spot, models in the fall 2016 runway season (New York, London, Milan, and Paris) were 75.25 percent white. Misha Collection has not responded to Seventeen.com's request for comment at this time.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			If you use plastic hangers, read this. 1. You're not separating lights from darks. You know that extra tag that always comes on your dark washed jeans – the one that says something about the denim dye that you usually just throw away with the price tag? Next time, read it — it's got some important info on it. Basically what it says is that to get the super dark color you love, they have to add a lot of dye to your jeans. That means when you get them wet, some color might transfer to your other clothes during the washing process. Same goes for other darks and super bright colors. To keep your whites from becoming off-whites, or worse a totally different color, wash your darks only with other darks. 2. You always wash your clothes on hot. A lot of people think that the dryer is where all the action happens, but that's not true. Shrinkage can happen any time your clothes are exposed to high temperatures. So if you're washing your clothes on hot, you might notice they fit a little snugger afterward, even if you don't dry them. Always read the label and follow the temperature recommendations. Preserve your perfect fit by washing anything you're worried about shrinking on the cold setting, just to be safe. 3. You wash and dry your bras unprotected. Have you ever opened your dryer to find your bras/jeans/long sleeve shirts have knotted themselves together like some weird clothing octopus? That happens because the dryer is like the Wild West for your clothes. While they're tumbling with fury, bra hooks can snag on lace, mesh, artfully distressed jeans, thin cotton – basically everything you love. Keep your other clothes safe, and your bra hooks from bending by putting them in a laundry bag or a bra ball before you wash and dry.4. You dry clean your vintage clothes. The older the vintage, the more delicate the clothing will be. So if you're looking to clean up the silk scarf your grandma gave you, try hand washing it yourself with water – only use soap if absolutely necessary. The chemicals used at the dry cleaners can break down the delicate fabrics of vintage clothing and cause your items to fall apart over time. 5. You dry everything. Here's a tip: check the tag before washing and if it's made of cotton, wool, or some other natural fiber, it's probably going to shrink when it's exposed to heat. If you want a snugger fit, dry it for sure, but if your tee has that perfect slouchy look, just lay it out to dry. 6. You wash your clothes every time you wear them. Washing and drying and tumbling and folding all take a toll on your clothes, which you might see in the form of pilling, fading or shrinkage. To keep your clothes looking better for longer try washing your clothes every other wear. Things like jeans, you can wear for a few days without washing, whereas underwear (obvs) and bras (yes, those too!) should be washed after every wear.7. You leave your prom/homecoming/formal dress in the bag after your dry clean it. The chemicals used by your dry cleaner can be harmful to your clothes (see tip 4). It's fine to dry clean special and course "dry clean only" garments (props to you for not just throwing them in the wash), but leaving your precious  gown to stew in a bag of chemicals isn't good for it. Remove the plastic dry cleaning bag as soon as you can and let your dress breathe for a few days after you get it back from the cleaners before storing it in a garment bag. 8. You use plastic or wire hangers. You know those weird nipples you get on the shoulders of your sweaters if you leave them hanging in your closet too long? On more delicate fabrics, like silk, mesh, or anything sheer, those nipples can become holes, especially if it's a heavy piece of clothing. Keep the nipples where they belong (on your chest) and invest in some of those fancy velvet hangers. If you have delicate vintage items, get a few padded hangers for extra support.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Here's every killer look New Taylor has worn. When Taylor Swift debuted a bleached bob and matching rocker style on the cover of Vogue, we all wondered: Was it just for the shoot or is this Taylor's new look? She quickly proved that the new vibe is more than just a one-time thing, rocking punk-y looks on and off the red carpet ever since. Here's every flawless look New Taylor Swift has worn since the big reveal. This gorgeous look Taylor wore to the 2016 BMI Pop Awards is giving us major '90s vibes. The spaghetti strap maxi and gunmetal choker are the perfect choice for her new dark, romantic style. Heading to Gigi Hadid's 21st birthday party, Tay wore our favorite look yet. The rainbow sequins give her high-low dress a galactic feel and the platform booties add just the right amount of toughness to the look.  For a more relaxed vibe, she wore an unbuttoned flannel, ripped skinnies, and white Converse while out and about in NYC. She pumped up the laid-back OOTD with an electric pink lip and blue sunnies. The look is totally chill but still New Taylor AF.At the 2016 Met Gala, Taylor went edgy to the max in a metallic dress with ruffles, cutouts, and a fierce snakeskin print. She upped the cool-factor with strappy knee-high heels and a plum lip. Taylor's new look is all about luxe leathers and dressed-up grunge. She paired a leather jacket and booties with a plaid dress and a box clutch for Anna Wintour's pre-Met Gala party. For a weekend at Coachella, she wore her classic red lip and this badass bomber, which we later found out was a teaser for her bf Calvin Harris' new collab with Rihanna. Tay debuted her blonde locks and edgy new style in Vogue's May issue and she's stuck to the punk rock-chic vibe ever since.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"Be and love yourself and your sexuality."Earlier this week, Calvin Klein released its latest and perhaps most scandalous ad campaign for its Spring 2016 collection. Appropriately titled "Erotica," the campaign featured models Kendall Jenner, Klara Kristin, Abbey Lee Kershaw, and Saskia de Brauw, each showing off all the sexy things they like to do in their Calvins.The campaign was beautifully shot by Harley Weir, but one photo in particular — a crotch shot of Klara with the caption "I flash in #MyCalvins" — has caused quite a bit of backlash for the campaign, with many claiming that the photo was unnecessarily provocative. Others criticized the photo for turning a legitimate sex crime — taking upskirt photos — into "fashion."But now, Klara has decided to speak up about the photo, and in a post to Instagram this weekend, the model claimed she loved the photo and saw nothing wrong with it."All this discussion about it makes me think about how alienated and scared some people are to the female human body," she wrote. "Be and love yourself and your sexuality."From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			This is basically us every single morning. Only wearing black is an art form, as well as a constant struggle. You have to ~flawlessly~ match your shades of black so you're only wearing one color while also trying to integrate different textures and shapes so you don't look like you wear the same exact outfit every day. Kylie Jenner, the queen of all black er'thang, totally understands the struggs. She posted a closet pic that makes us drool and also speaks to our souls on a deep emotional level. She captioned the pic "when you just like the same things" and, aside from the racks on racks on racks of clothes, it's basically an actual photo of us every single morning ('Do I wear the black boyfriend tee, or the black cropped tee?'). Let's face it, though, Kylie's got this whole black-on-black thing down to a science. Her secret: pops of color and dope accessories. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			See her gorgeous look from every angle.Kendall Jenner is living it up at the Cannes Film Festival seemingly doing nothing but eating ice cream all day and wearing beautiful dresses. Living the dream! The 20-year-old model has been hard at work wearing some gorgeous looks on the Cannes red carpet and her latest outfit is definitely a jaw dropper. Yesterday, Jenner wore a completely see-through gown (also known as a "naked dress" which her sis Kim Kardashian has been known to wear). All we can say is WOW. Let's take a closer look at this Cavalli Couture stunner:From the front: And the back: A little over-the-shoulder action:Look at those sleeves: And now a closeup of her slicked back hair and straight brows – a strong but simple glam look: Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			This brother and sister duo is SO major. One million people "liked" the hilarious T-shirts that Kendall and Kylie Jenner, and their sister Kourtney Kardashian wore on Mother's Day. The graphic tees are a spoof off the band Kiss, and their logo/band tees. The shirts have Kendall and Kylie's mom Kris's name in iconic Kiss font, with her face reminiscent of frontman Gene Simmons' wild makeup. Underneath her face reads: "The Momager Tour." LOL.Amazingly, the tees aren't some ~fancy~ designer creation but instead the brainchild of 18-year old Neta Yam and her brother, 20-year-old Elad. About a year ago, the duo launched clothing line Urban Sophistication, which was originally just them putting hilarious taglines inspired by pop culture onto tees and sweatshirts. Instagram was their main inspiration and where they posted themselves wearing their creations. People LOVED them. So much so that the team launched an online store, selling their first few products, the Oversized Black Tee and Oversized Black Sweatshirt — a play off LBDs. "As we designed more and more tops, we realized our closets were becoming a wearable feed of pop culture interpreted by us," Neta told Seventeen.com. "Now, we update tees daily based on pop culture events." That includes Justin Bieber's new "privacy policy." So, how did they get their tees on the Kardashian-Jenners? It was sort of Kris Jenner's idea! "Kris 'liked' our Kris Kiss shirt on Instagram, so we reached out to the girls on Instagram and they decided to surprise Kris with it for Mother's Day,"  Elad said. Basically, hard work and a little Instagram stalking can seriously pay off. And if you want to get Kris's momager shirt for yourself, it can be yours for $50 at Urbansophistication.boutique. We're partial to the Ariel's SeaSHELL Bikini shirt, which looks way more comfortable than an actual seashell bikini. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She is a legit princess.Blake "I Don't Have a Stylist" Lively, AKA Serena van der Woodsen, is in her element right now as she promotes her two upcoming films, Café Society and The Shallows. She's had many, many outfit changes since she arrived in Cannes for the film festival earlier this week, but nothing tops her latest red carpet triumph. Guys, she's dressed as Cinderella, because she legit is the manifestation of Cinderella IRL. Is she making a bid to play a live-action Disney princess? Maybe! Remember when, at the Met Gala, Claire Danes showed up as a light-up futuristic Cinderella? Blake saw that and was like, No, girl, I am the true Cinderella. Which I guess would make her more of an evil step-something, but who's keeping track, really. Claim your throne, Blake!To attend a screening of Slack Bay (Ma Loute), Blake wore a dreamy powder blue dress with cascading tiered ruffles on the skirt and floral embellishments on the bodice. She wore her hair up in a Cinderella bun and even added a headband, because Blake doesn't go halfway on any of her looks. She's a true maximalist! Once she commits to being Cinderella, you better believe she's going to be the Cinderelliest Cinderella you've ever seen. Total Serena moment!Follow @Seventeen on Instagram.From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Angry fans think it promotes sexual harassment. Just after releasing their newest ad campaign, which Kendall Jenner also modeled in, Calvin Klein is facing serious backlash over a photo many are claiming promotes sexual harassment. The ad is an up-the-skirt shot of model Klara Kristin, which the brand posted on Instagram, inviting their followers to "take a peek." Take a peek: @karate_katia, photographed by @harleyweir for the Spring 2016 advertising campaign. #mycalvinsA post shared by  CALVIN KLEIN (@calvinklein) on May 9, 2016 at 3:45pm PDTThe photo was instantly met with outrage and the comment section filled with users calling the ad "a disgusting way to perpetuate the objectification of women." Commenters are also pointing out that "this image sends the message that looking or taking photos up girl's/women's skirts is ok when it's not."Other comments said, "this is literally advertising up skirt shots," and "way to perpetuate rape culture @CalvinKlein".Even though it's likely that the model consented to take the photo, most women who are the victims of up-the-skirt photos do not consent. Up-skirt photos are a common form of sexual harassment, which is a very serious issue and is not something that should be splashed on a billboard and made light of. Although Calvin Klein did caption the photo "I flash in my Calvins," many are still saying it sends the wrong message.The brand has not yet responded to Seventeen.com's requests for comment. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She continued to slay without a care in the world. On Monday night Chloë Grace Moretz guest starred on Watch What Happens Live looking totally flawless. But before the cameras started rolling Chloë had a bit of a wardrobe mishap. On her way to the the show she stopped outside to sign some autographs, accidentally showing off a massive rip in the seam of her shirt. But Chloë didn't give a flying frappuccino about the setback. She continued on to the red carpet and slayed without a second thought. Although, the rip totally could have been a deliberate design detail, given that the bottom of her top has some purposely unfinished detailing. She then spent all night being hilarious on air with Meghan Trainor, while proudly wearing her ripped shirt.You go, girl. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			As one does. Calvin Klein just dropped their newest ad campaign with Kendall Jenner for spring 2016 and we're not really sure what to make of the ~gorgeous~ pics. In the ads you can see what a typical breakfast for Kendall looks like: cuddling with a halved grapefruit and enjoying the sweet scent of a freshly picked tulip, while obvs wearing her Calvins.Man, I wish I looked that good in the morning. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Girls get enough body-shaming already, thanks.hey @DiscoveryGirls magazine, aren't you supposed to be promoting confidence for young girls? NOT this! #frustrated pic.twitter.com/YdbjeToTdsDiscovery Girls, a magazine aimed at tween girls ages 8 and up, has a mission statement for girls that includes "to encourage you to love all that you are." But The Cut reports that in the latest issue, the magazine didn't quite achieve that goal. A fashion article gave little girls advice about which swimsuits flatter their bodies—even though the answer to that is "whatever swimsuit you want to wear." The article divided girls, who, remember, are as young as 8, into categories based on their so-called "body types." Girls who were "curvy up top" were told "coverage is key" and guided toward suits that "draw the eyes down." It recommended girls who were "straight up and down" wear fuller coverage suits that "nip in the waist" or "add curves" with patterns. Girls who were "rounder in the middle" were told to wear suits that "draw the eye inward" or bikinis that had higher-waisted bottoms. And girls who were "curvy on the bottom" were told to "pull the attention up" with details on the top or sides of the suit. This kind of commentary about little girls' bodies did not go over so well. Critics called them out for promoting poor body image at such an early age. @DiscoveryGirls what were you thinking with this? 50,000 angry physician moms, remove from our waiting rooms ASAP! pic.twitter.com/eGWWFvaIrsWhat. The. Fuck.Way to enable eating disorders, @DiscoveryGirls.  https://t.co/bItFbseXGMThe publisher of Discovery Girls released a statement distancing herself from the content, calling it a surprise and a disappointment. It's still unclear who gave the final okay to an article like this. According to Catherine Lee, the initial idea was to showcase "cute, fun swimsuits that make girls feel confident," but even that isn't the right idea. A boys' magazine would never feature tips like that, because boys are taught that self-esteem comes from who you are, not what you look like. And that's a lesson that girls should be learning at age 8. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's a lot, FYI.Last week, Selena Gomez opened her Revival Tour with killer vocals and an entire closet worth of kickass bodysuits. Body-hugging look after body-hugging look, she transforms like a bedazzled chameleon. Every outfit is totally flawless, but our favorite is definitely the sparkly nude number she wears to open the show. It's covered from head to toe (well, ankle actually, because she pairs it with a pair of stunning patent leather booties) in sparkling Swarovski crystals.The sheer jumpsuit is covered in almost 100,000 tiny crystals (96,480 to be exact) and she has not one, but two of these Monse suits. The second is black, Refinery29 reports, and Selena will wear them for alternating performances. So in two nights alone, Selena will be rocking 192,960 crystals on her body. She's officially the most beautiful disco ball we've ever seen. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			So. Many. Bodysuits. Last night, Selena Gomez kicked off her Revival Tour in Las Vegas. The singer gifted the eager audience with 20 songs, including one new track — but it was more than just the music that had us all dazzled. Gomez, who has kicked her style into notably high gear in the past year, brought her fashion A-game to the stage with a series of bedazzled and bespoke bodysuit looks. From her opening ensemble, which featured a custom nude catsuit by Monse (a relatively new label helmed by two Oscar de la Renta alums) embellished with over 60,000 Swarovski crystals, to the rainbow-sequined bodysuit and sparkly denim jacket combo that closed the show, Selena Gomez absolutely killed it. See every look from her #RevivalTour wardrobe here: In custom Swarovski-embellished bodysuit by Monse and Louis Vuitton boots. In custom bodysuit and deconstructed gown by Monse. In a semi-sheer sparkly blouse worn with a sheer skirt over slick black pants.In a sheer shirtdress worn over a nude bodysuit with ankle-strap pumps. In a gold cut-out bodysuit and over-the-knee boots. In an embellished denim jacket and rainbow metallic bodysuit. From: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			People say their new ad proves they've been against small boobs all along.The bralette-as-top trend has been gaining a lot of momentum recently, to the point where almost every other outfit at Coachella this year seemed to be built around one. Victoria's Secret is getting in on the trend with a new campaign featuring the likes of Taylor Hill and Elsa Hosk running around in a field at sunset in the brands newest bralettes."What do you like, Tay?" asks one of the models in the commercial. "No padding!" screams another (presumably Taylor Hill).The phrase "no padding" is not one typically associated with Victoria's Secret, purveyors of the Bombshell bra and other cup-doubling styles. Indeed, if there is one thing Victoria's Secret ads are known for, it's the mounds of cleavage only padding can provide, making this quite a departure for the brand and stirring up quite a bit of controversy in the process.Part of the controversy has to do with the wording of ads like the one below, which states that "No Padding Is Sexy Now!" With extra emphasis on the word "now," many feel that the brand is implying that no padding was somehow unsexy before. Victoria’s Secret has some NERVE! They have ‘No padding is sexy now!’ in their window after selling every type of bombshell bra for YEARS.Still others object to the bras themselves, which they say exclude women with larger chests. It's a complaint often directed at Victoria's Secret, which, despite being the number one bra retailer in the world and controlling close to 35% of the market, has always put their focus squarely on thin, small-breasted women, even as they promote the look of large breasts with their extreme padding.  this Victoria's Secret commercial just said the bralette is all you need lmfao tell that to the triple D totties on my chesti love seeing the Victoria's Secret bralette commercial and they're like "no padding needed!" like lmao tell that to my d-cup byeFrom: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The oldest denim question: Answered. The front pocket of your jeans is a mysterious place – there's that weird little pocket that we only just figured out had a purpose, there's a bigger pocket that usually isn't even roomy enough to fit your phone (why even be a pocket then?!), and there are those random little silver buttons that have always been stuck to your pocket seams, but no one really knows why. On our quest to solve the Pocket Mystery, we've uncovered a groundbreaking fact that puts us one step close to unraveling all the ~denim enigmas~. Elite Daily reports that those little metal buttons aren't actually buttons at all. They're called rivets and they're not meant to snap onto anything, even though they really look like they should. Apparently, rivets were put in place to prevent wear and tear on the corners of pocket seams. Since pockets go through a ton of strain when you sit/put things in them, the rivets are supposed to prevent what we'll call a "SpongeBob moment."Thank you, rivets, for all you do! Follow @Seventeen on Instagram.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Ooh. Fiber optics. To look at it on the red carpet, Claire Danes' Zac Posen-designed ball gown didn't look that remarkable. Sure it was pretty—very Cinderella at the ball—but it seemed to be shirking the theme of the evening, the tech-heavy Manus x Machina. Then Danes stepped into the darkened hallways of the Met and...Oh. There it is. Danes' entire gown, made from fiber optic woven organza sourced from France, lit up. It was, quite literally, lit. From: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Those crystals are sharper than they look!Last night, Kylie Jenner walked her first Met Gala red carpet and she totally killed it in a sparkly custom-made gown from her favorite fashion house, Balmain. The dress was dazzling – completely covered in crystals and beads — but apparently it takes a blood sacrifice to achieve that level of epic slayage. Kylie got some pretty rough-looking cuts from the dress and her shoes were so tight they actually turned her feet purple. She shared a pic of the damage on Snapchat. Ouch! Her battle wounds look pretty painful, but thankfully they didn't stop Kylie from having a killer time.P.S. Make sure you stretch out your prom heels before you hit the dance floor, so you don't get into a Kylie situation. 😣Follow @Seventeen on Instagram.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Kylie Jenner, Zendaya, and more.When it's one of fashion's biggest nights, you don't just wear one outfit. Once the big event is over, hems go higher, thigh-high boots come out, and gowns get swapped for pants. See what outfits your fave celebs switched into after the Met Gala.From: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You don't have to spend a lot of money to look amazing. With these cool-girl styling tricks, you'll slay every OOTD. It seems like celebs and style bloggers have unlimited super-cool wardrobes, but really, they just make tiny tweaks to make the most basic outfits look seriously chic. They somehow put together things you never thought would go to create totally fresh, next-level looks using the same pieces. You don't need a stylist to do it! To score the same next level-style just follow these easy tips for making any outfit instantly cooler. A midi skirt looks super cute with that plaid shirt that's already in your closet. Tying it in the middle will show off rather than hide your shape and give you a more polished look. Layer a turtleneck underneath to keep your belly from showing when it's chilly out. Here's the trick to making the perf knot: Undo the bottom three buttons and tie the shirt tails into a knot. Tighten so the knot hits just above your belly button and knot again. Straighten the ends so it sits where you want.2nd Day Turtleneck, asos.com; Plaid Shirt, bcbgeneration.com; Skirt, forever21.com; Boots, aldoshoes.com; Hat, eugeniakim.com; Bag, gap.comLayering is an easy way to look fashion-y when it's cold outside and save money by getting more use out of the pieces already in your closet. But when you have a bunch of different layers on, the finished product can end up look a little bulky and random. A belt pulls the whole look together and carves out your figure under all those clothes, so all those layers don't swallow you up. Here's how it's done:Step 1: Start by layering a thin, long-sleeved shirt under a sleeveless dress. Step 2: Toss a button-down shirt on top and leave it open. Step 3: Add a furry vest. Step 4: Pull it all together with a belt. Vest, zara.com; Hat, bcbgeneration.com; Gloves, carolinaamato.com; Belt, gap.com; Denim shirt, bigstardenim.com; Talula Turtleneck, aritzia.com; Dress, mollybracken.com; Shoes, aldoshoes.comThere's nothing wrong with rocking your jeans as is, but your fave closet staple can get an easy upgrade with ankle cuffs. It's a subtle style trick that instantly freshens up an outfit you've worn a million times. Not to mention, it's the perf way to show off your rockin' footwear. The trick is to choose the right technique based on the pant style you're rocking. Skinny JeansCuffs on skinny jeans look best on the smaller side, because they keep the streamlined look of the fitted pants. Make the cuffs about a half-inch wide and only roll them twice. Boyfriend JeansWhen it comes to the baggier style of jeans, it's less about cuffing and more about rolling. You want to keep the casual vibe of the jeans intact, and the looser, bulkier fabric works well with a messier cuff. Roll your jeans about three times with 1-inch cuffs. Don't press down on the cuffs to make a crease. Instead, go for a cylindrical shape like a roll. Mess the cuff up when you're finished so it doesn't look too perfect.  American Eagle Boyfriend Jeans and Sweater, ae.com; Sequin top, trinaturk.com; Plaid shirt, madewell.com; Jacket, mollybracken.com; Boots, chineselaundry.com; Blouse, pixiemarket.com; Skinny Jeans, target.com; Shoes, colehaan.com; Necklace, fromstxavier.com; Hat, bcbgeneration.comOne ring is cute; eight is even cuter. But how do you make different sizes and styles of rings look cool and edgy and not like you're a preschooler who got in her mom's jewelry box? It's all about placement and how you stack the different styles. Step 1: Start with your biggest, boldest ring on your index finger.  Step 2: Layer on smaller styles on your ring finger.  A mix of regular rings and midi styles will give you that cool layered look.Step 3: Finish by stacking two to three midi rings on your middle finger for contrast. Dress and Midi Rings, topshop.com; Clutch, boohoo.com; Hot Pink Bracelet, charmedcircle.com; Turquoise Wrap Bracelet, Lime Green Bracelet, Bangles, Clear Ring, Silver Bow Ring, rjgraziano.com; Watch, Karl Lagerfeld; Silver Chain Bracelet, fromstxavier.com; Arrow-Shaped Ring, ruegembon.com; Gold Infinity Ring, aldoshoes.com; Silver Arrow ring, express.comA boxy shift dress hides your shape and can look like it came from your mom's closet. Knot it in the middle to gather up all that extra fabric and totally transforms the dress into a more figure-flattering style. It's super easy to do yourself! Just follow these steps:Step 1: Turn the dress inside out. Step 2: Then, gather a 2-inch section in the middle.  Step 3: Twist just the first layer.Step 4: Tie it into a knot. Step 5: Flip the dress right side out. Voila! Babaton Dress, aritzia.com; Shoes, stories.com; Hat, bcbgeneration.com, Socks, falke.com; Necklace, forever21.com; Orange and White Bracelets, charmedcircle.com; Green, Pink, and Silver Bracelets, Ring,  rjgraziano.comLoose layers can easily go from breezy to sloppy. But when you side-knot your top, you'll highlight both your killer shape and your cute skirt. To get a polished knot, pull the excess bottom material to one side creating a tail. Twist the tail and knot it. Tug on the knot to tighten. Ginger G Shirt, shoptiques.com; Vest, boohoo.com; Skirt, samandlavi.com; Crown, flowerchildrenonly.com; Boots, Leila Stone; Socks, falke.com; Necklaces, fiestajewelry.com; Bracelet, flacajewelry.com; Ring, aldoshoes.comIf you're bored with all your necklaces, a handkerchief scarf or bandana is an easy way to take a simple outfit up a notch. There are so many ways you can wear it too.Tie It  Just fold it in half and tie it behind your neck, leaving the pointed side in front.  Roll ItTightly roll it and tie it around your neck for an Insta-ready look. Having a bad hair day?  Use it in place of a headband to keep your hair out of your face. Dress, pixiemarket.com; Shoes, forever21.com; Scarf, freepeople.com; Bracelets, rjgraziano.com; Earrings, noirnyc.comDon't hide your socks! Scrunched socks make a dressy skirt and/or shoes look more casual and like you just walked out of the house looking that flawless. Fashion bloggers are all about this trend, and it's actually super easy to pull off.  How much of your socks to let peek out of your boots depends on how long your legs are. A good rule of thumb is to let them cover about 1/4 of your lower leg. Pull them up, then scrunch them down to the right length. Stick to thin socks that aren't too sporty, but don't be afraid to play with color. So cute!Shirt, belladahl.com; Sweatshirt, wildfox.com; Skirt and Hat, americanapparel.net; Boots,  aldoshoes.com; Socks, hue.com; Bracelets, rjgraziano.comStylist: Erin McSherry, Assistant Stylist: Elizabeth Fonseca, Makeup: Joseph Carrillo, Hair: Brittan White		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			OMG ZAYN HAS ROBOT ARMS. It looks like Zayn Malik took inspo from the Tin Man for his first time at the Metropolitan Museum of Art's Costume Institute gala!All kidding aside, he and Gigi Hadid took the tech theme for tonight (it's "Manus x Machina: Fashion in an Age of Technology") and made it all about futuristic fashion. They look like the prettiest robots that ever existed, him in Versace and her in Tommy Hilfiger. Well, his suit is we assume! Her stunning sheer grey dress with sparkly details is jaw dropping. No word on who made the body armor. And just LOOK at how they stare at each other longingly. Sigh.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Robot chic!Kendall Jenner was on trend as usual for the Met Gala tonight, wearing her hair in a sleek high ponytail. But who cares that she had the same hair as everyone else because Kendall looked white-hot in her Versace dress made of strings. Has the model looked any better? Seriously, she looks insanely good. And for anyone who claims Kendall's not a real model, she got an unequivocal blessing from THE mother model, Cindy Crawford, when they walked the carpet together as part of the Balmain army. It's hard to believe she could top her look from last year, when she wore Calvin Klein.And remember when in 2014, she wore Topshop? From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Plus, her hair is shorter! Kylie Jenner kinda sorta stuck with the theme for her first time at the Metropolitan Museum of Art's Costume Institute gala. It's "Manus x Machina: Fashion in an Age of Technology" so it's all about tech and futuristic style. And Kylie looks like the most stylish crystal chandelier ever in a glittery Balmain gown. Her hair is shorter than ever, in what's probably a wig. She should cut it for real though because she pulls it off perfectly. Her bronze smokey eye and nude lip is also really pretty. Maybe it's another Kylie Cosmetics color?! A girl can dream. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Did Anna Wintour's Met Gala co-chair dress as a "robot with a sword?"Taylor Swift stomped up the famous steps of the Metropolitan Museum tonight prepared to co-chair the heck out of tonight's Met Gala. Vogue editor in chief Anna Wintour said she'd given Taylor a "rocker chick" makeover and her short silver custom Louis Vuitton dress with her black strappy heels had a harder vibe than what Taylor has typically worn in the past.She teased out her look when she debuted her latest Vogue cover in a "73 Questions" video by saying she would dress as a "robot with a sword." And she kind of wasn't lying? Her date, ostensibly, is Selena Gomez, though they didn't arrive arm-in-arm. "We are going together," Selena told Access Hollywood last week. "It's so fun. It's gonna be the best. It's kind of prom for fashion."Here's a review of her past Met Gala Looks. 2014: Oscar de la Renta2013: J. Mendel2011: J. Mendel2010: Ralph Lauren Collection2008: Badgley MischkaFrom: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Looks flawless, obvs. The Metropolitan Museum of Art Costume Institute gala's theme is "Manus x Machina: Fashion in an Age of Technology." And while we're not sure what's ~tech-y~ about Selena Gomez's dress, we do know that we're totally obsessed with it. Selena is wearing a Louis Vuitton leather bra top over a studded dress that looks like polka-dots, creating the perfect mix of edgy and sweet. Her chunky black boots make the look even more fierce. Her hair is sleek and pulled back and her eyes are sparkly. It's a very laid-back, pretty look for such a glam night, but we have to admit, she looks pretty much flawless. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			This is happening in the year 2016. On Friday, Old Navy posted an ad on its Twitter feed to promote a 30 percent off sale. They included a photo of an impossibly beautiful and stylish family wearing its latest spring styles. If you're a normal person, maybe you perked up at the thought of a sale, thought the models were adorable, or just simply scrolled right by.But that's not what everyone did. A horde of racist trolls descended on the tweet, calling the company out for promoting "miscegenation" and "white genocide" because it depicted an interracial family. It's hard to tell if people were being sincere or just trolling for an angry response. Here's hoping it was the latter, because these tweets are genuinely disturbing.Luckily, other Twitter users showed that there is still some hope in the world. If you look at the Old Navy tweet now, it's flooded with positive comments and general eye-rolls at the backwards racists who took offense in the first place. People in interracial families showcased their own lovely photos to show that love knows no  boundaries. So breathe easy, because humanity is going to be just fine.From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			See their first big campaign. You probably know of 17-year-old model Lucky Blue Smith thanks to his dozens of fashion campaigns (including Levi's, H&M, and Tom Ford, to name a few), but he's not the only pretty face in his family. Lucky has three model sisters, two of whom just became the faces of Forever 21's summer campaign. And some are even calling them the next Kendall and Kylie Jenner. Pyper America and Daisy Clementine are 18 and 20 respectively, and taking the modeling world by storm. They boast almost half a million Instagram followers each, which doesn't seem like a lot when you think of Jenner numbers but Pyper and Daisy are pretty new to the social media craze. But they're catching on quickly. Daisy Chain, Daizers, Dais Maze, Daisy Duke, Deezee, @DaisyClementine 👭A post shared by  P (@pyperamerica) on Oct 12, 2015 at 1:34pm PDTFor the Forever 21 summer ads, the girls wear festival-ready threads reminiscent of Kendall and Kylie's PacSun line in the best possible way. Plus, younger sis Pyper is rocking pink hair in the photos a la Kylie. "We have so much fun on set," Pyper told Elle.com of what it's like to model with her sister. "Since my siblings and I are all modeling, working time is family time." We can't wait to see what's up next for this fashionable family. Not to mention, we want all the clothes. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Hint: it's not the choker. The anklet, like the choker, has come in and out of style a lot over the past few years. It was included in the first jewelry collection for The Row in 2011; Hailey Baldwin wore one to a fashion show last year; and both Chloé and Calvin Klein featured the heel-grazing accessory in their spring 2016 collections. With that in mind, we think it's time to give them a chance. Pair a chunky toggle bracelet with sneakers, or try a wispy chain with ballet flats for a subtle glimmer at your feet. Embrace the anklet and give everyone another reason to stare at your legs. Urban Outfitters Summer Nights Anklet, $18; urbanoutfitters.com Rebecca Minkoff Beaded Crystal Anklet, $48; rebeccaminkoff.com By Boe Interlocking Circle Bracelet, $55; byboe.com ASOS Circles Anklet, $10; asos.com Jennifer Zeuner Butterfly Anklet, $135; shopbop.comFrom: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			But she'll have you rethinking yellow eye shadow.Remember when Regina George told Gretchen Wieners that hoop earrings were "her thing" and that Gretchen wasn't allowed to wear them anymore? Well Kylie Jenner doesn't GAF. On her latest in a series of epic magazine covers, she rocks some huge hoops – and totally slays, of course. The cover is for the June issue of Glamour UK and along with her bold hoops, King Kylie is also wearing a weird eyeshadow that we're kind of obsessed with. Who knew a yellow shadow could be so pretty?Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's SO easy.Online shopping can be a time-consuming business; you have to browse all the hundreds of products in all the hundreds of stores until you know you're buying the right pair of dark-wash jeans. THEN you have to make sure you're spending as little money as possible.Of course, Googling coupon codes and going through all the sites to find one that A: applies to your store and B: actually works can be a long cold process, which is exactly why new site Honey is an online shopper's dream.Thanks to Buzzfeed for the heads up – we're going to be installing the Honey Google Chrome extension ASAP, which promises to save you time and cash while spending money online.It's pretty straight-forward to use. First, you have to download the extension to your Google Chrome – and then go about your online shopping business as usual.When you're on a website that is compatible with Honey, the logo will turn orange and if you click on it, every single available coupon code for the site will appear.It includes useful info such as how likely the code is to work – and even how recently it was successful for another shopper.When you're happy with your haul and go to checkout, Honey helpfully pops up to allow you to try every code it has found.Yep, no manual code-entering here, people. You simply press 'Try Codes' and watch as Honey rattles through all the options to find you the best deal.Once it has gone through all the codes, it selects the combination that you are able to use that gets you the biggest savings.TOTAL game-changer!Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan UK		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Sisterhood at its finest!Sisters know that trolling your sibs – good-naturedly, of course – is basically in the job description. And Kendall Jenner just performed her sisterly duty of poking fun at her little sis Kylie in the funniest way possible. Kendall reposted this hilarious meme of Kylie wearing a baseball cap backwards, while using her hand to shield her eyes from the sun. LOL. Kylie's outfit was totally on point, but you can't deny that Kenny totally got her!Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She was dropping hints about bf Calvin Harris!Last week, Taylor Swift made her platinum-haired debut at Coachella rocking a badass bomber jacket with a lightning bolt on the back. Right after she posted the pic, her bf Calvin Harris changed his Twitter profile pic AND header photo to the exact same image. Whaaat? Within seconds the internet was exploding with conspiracy theories. The lead theory was that Tay was dropping a sneaky little hint about a new project Calvin is working on. As of last night, that theory has been confirmed. Calvin announced that his new single with Rihanna, "This Is What You Came For," will drop tomorrow. So you only have 24 hours to prepare for the mind-blowing beats that are about to hit. TBH, after Rihanna's surprise performance with Calvin at Coachella, we really should have seen this coming. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			From six second videos to the face of the brand's latest collection.Hot on the heels of Rebecca Romijn's remark that social media stars aren't "true supermodels," Vine celebrity Cameron Dallas has just announced that he's landed a brand new major ad campaign.According to WWD, Cameron and 17-year-old Austrian model Stella Lucia are officially the new faces of Calvin Klein Jeans' all-white capsule collection, debuting online today. Shot by Jack Pierson, the campaign features Cameron and Stella modeling various street wear-inspired items on a beach in Malibu, California, with Cameron looking sexy and carefree in all of them. The collection ranges in price from $78 to $128, and will be available starting in May.Of course, the Calvin Klein campaign is only the most recent of Cameron's accomplishments: To date, he has more than 11.6 million followers on Instagram and over 2 billion loops on Vine. He's the definition of a social media superstar, and has managed to convert his online fame into multiple real-life gigs, including a role in the upcoming film Neighbors 2: Sorority Rising. He's also not the first "social media star" to front a campaign for Calvin Klein. Most recently, queen of Instagram and reality TV star Kendall Jenner modeled for the brand's #MyCalvins campaign, and appeared in billboards and magazines around the world as a result. For more from the ad campaign, head over to WWD; and to shop the collection, you can visit Calvin Klein's website.From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			😍😍😍😍😍😍Yesterday, Kendall and Kylie Jenner broke the majorly exciting news that they're teaming up with Topshop for their very first swimwear line. And because Kylie is the reigning Snapchat Queen, she documented the entire shoot, giving us some sneak peaks at the gorgeous suits. The collection has an athleisure vibe with neoprene fabric, metallic finishes, and lots of sporty straps – basically these bikinis are everything we've ever wanted. Check them out. Shooting Kendall&Kylie swim for TopShop. Coming soooon 😋A post shared by  Kylie ✨ (@kyliejenner) on Apr 27, 2016 at 11:13am PDTFollow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			New 2016 bikini? Check.Kendall and Kylie Jenner are literally unstoppable in their quest to take over the fashion game!The sister have had their Kendall&Kylie line with TopShop for a while, and it looks like they're adding a major new component that's going to make you want to wait in line outside of TopShop until it's available: Swimwear!Kylie just teased the collection on Instagram, which will be called Kendall&Kylie Swim. Based on the super strappy lime green bikini she's wearing in the pic, the suits are going to be beyond gorge. Shooting Kendall&Kylie swim for TopShop. Coming soooon 😋A post shared by  Kylie ✨ (@kyliejenner) on Apr 27, 2016 at 11:13am PDTKylie kept things super vague in her caption, just saying, "coming soon." We're guessing it's super soon, though, seeing as summer is right around the corner, and you're going to need your new 2016 bikini ASAP.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Because girls of all sizes can kick ass and look great while doing it!Yesterday your favorite store for punk gear and fandom attire dropped a clothing line in honor of the latest Star Wars film. Hot Topic's "Star Wars the Force Awakens" line has everything a badass space traveling chick needs – tough jackets, warm sweaters, futuristic dresses, and leggings you can move in – but best of all, they come in inclusive sizes. In stores you can shop the entire collection in sizes XS to 3X and on their website pieces are stocked in sizes 0 all the way up to 28. The collection ranged from $29.50-$74.50 and every single piece is available in extended sizes. This new clothing line is major, because every girl deserves to look like she can take on the universe, no matter what her size.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Yes, really.There's nothing worse than breaking out your favorite sandals on the first day of summer only to realize on the way to school that you forgot to trim your toenails for several months give yourself a pedi. The problem is finally solved, thanks to Belle Mason, a Japanese website that makes pre-nail polished tights, Refinery29 reports.The tights are similar to the toe socks you were totally obsessed with in 5th grade, except with an upgrade: each toe hole has nail art painted where your toenail should be. They're every lazy girl's new best friend, basically eliminating the need to ever do your nails or shave again. Yippee!The website has every type of nail art you could want, from Disney-themed designs and polka-dots to flowers and watercolor. There's no denying these weird tights are cute and v practical, but we're not sure that we'll be seeing them in US any time soon. We'll just stick to doing our nails the old fashioned way – bending like a pretzel to paint them ourselves and getting nail polish everywhere. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The Mad Hatter would approve.Your Imaginary Best Friend Who Is Really Good at Crafting and Also Everything Else, Lauren Conrad, just revealed her latest looks for LC Lauren Conrad, available at Kohl's. They're inspired by Disney's Alice in Wonderland, and feature all sorts of whimsical touches fit for a queen — think teeny red hearts and tiny teapots. In the above video, she talks to E! about her Disney capsule collections — she's previously done Bambi, Cinderella and Minnie Mouse — and included some of its cutest looks. "I was really, really excited about this. From day one when they said we get to work with Disney, I was like, 'Tell me we get to do Alice in Wonderland!'" she tells E! News. "They sent us all this original artwork. I'm a little bit of a Disney nerd, so it's really cool for me because I get to see where these characters come from. Seeing the initial sketches and the transom ratio, it's really cool. I feel spoiled that I get to look at it all."The collection hits stores April 25, and all 20 pieces will be priced between $36 and $68.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Get. It. Modern Family's Ariel Winter headed to Coachella to catch some shows and some sun, and took the second thing very seriously in this gorgeous plunging white lace bralette:In the second photo, she looks adorable in matching white sneakers with her long-time boyfriend,  Laurent Claude Gaudette: Ack! So cute. Ariel has been killing it in the plunging white neckline game, and I hope this means there's no signs of slowing down. Life is too short to not wear whatever you want! Get it, girl.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You NEED these!You NEED these!Daisy Street Star Gladiator Flat Sandals, $32.33, asos.comAEO Studded Medallion Flip Flop, $24.95, ae.comGirls Tassel T-Strap Sandals, $29.95, hollister.comDaisy Stree Chunky Chain Sandal, $48.51, asos.comGreat Outdoors Leopard Multi Thong Sandals, $18, lulus.com Womens Slide-On, $30, vans.comTales of Regalia Camel Suede Leather Beaded Gladiator Sandals, $37, lulus.comUnion Bay Melissa Floral 2 Band Footbed Sandal, $17.99, 6pm.comASOS Jasmine Tie Leg Espadrille Sandals, $25.88, asos.comDelilah Tie-Up Sandals, $48, topshop.comRebecca Fisherman Cleated Sandal, $44, boohoo.comAE Concho Slingback Sandal, $34.95, ae.comLillywhite, $39.98, aldoshoes.comPantheon Sandals, $30, shopentourageclothing.com		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"I wear what I want, even at a size 24."Girls of ALL sizes can and should rock a crop top if they feel comfortable. It's just the reality. And they should definitely not listen to body-shaming noise telling then otherwise. A plus size blogger who goes by the name Phat Girl Fresh is yelling that message loud and clear in a powerful blog post on The Curvy Fashionista. "[At] a size 24, with quite a few rolls and giggly parts, I can honestly say, I wear what I want," she writes."Because this is my body and I love every inch of it and because I love it, I dress it accordingly."She goes on to explain how comments from others can easily distract you, but it's important to block out "ignorance." She writes: "How many times have you heard, 'She is too big to wear that?' In my opinion, these statements come from society's idea that plus size women are not capable of slaying while rocking certain fashion trends." Well, society is definitely wrong. Because girl is slaying for sure. Head over to The Curvy Fashionista to read the rest of her killer essay. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Taking names.When Ariel Winter took a seat at the table at Glamour's Game Changers Lunch in West Hollywood, California, hotspot Au Fudge (aka Jessica Biel's new kid-friend restaurant), she did so wearing a powerful pantsuit with a revealing neckline that said, "Ariel didn't come here to play." She wore her long red hair in soft mermaid waves that went cascading over her shoulders.Ariel posted a lovely tablescape Instagram, saying she was honored to attend the event.  Honored to be here 🌺🌷 #glamourluncheon #glamourmagazineA post shared by  ARIEL WINTER (@arielwinter) on Apr 20, 2016 at 12:49pm PDTShe schmoozed with luncheon co-host Zendaya ("This girl right here is nothing less than inspiring!") and fellow attendees Emily Ratajkowski and Amanda de Cadenet. "I am continuously honored to be around such incredible, powerful, intelligent women who empower each other at every turn," she wrote on Instagram. THANK YOU @cindi_leive for inviting me to today's amazing lunch. I am continuously honored to be around such incredible, powerful, intelligent women who empower each other at every turn. I couldn't have been luckier to have been included today! Also, a special shout out to @emrata & @amandadecadenet for being badass ladies and fellow #bern feelers! ❤️ More pictures with the other amazing ladies I had the honor of dining with are coming later! #glamour #magazine #lunch #powerfulwomenA post shared by  ARIEL WINTER (@arielwinter) on Apr 20, 2016 at 4:00pm PDTThen, proving that as much as she is changing the game, she's also just a human like the rest of us, she walked away with a beautiful arrangement of pink gerbera daisies. From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			They are pulling out of the swimsuit market in order to focus more on activewear.Victoria's Secret is almost as well known for swimsuits as it is for lingerie. For the last two years, the brand has even produced a splashy TV swim special for CBS to showcase the collection. That's all over now, though. According to BuzzFeed News, Victoria's Secret will stop selling swimwear after this year, replacing at least some of that space in its stores with activewear. Victoria's Secret's parent company L Brands said early last year that swimwear represented roughly $500 million in business for the brand annually, but reported lower-than-expected sales for swimwear last August. Les Wexner, the CEO of L Brands, said in a statement earlier this month that the company was "making these changes to accelerate our growth and to strengthen the business for the long term by narrowing our focus and simplifying our operating model."Victoria's Secret also said earlier this month that they will be moving away from its iconic catalogs and reorganizing the business into three divisions: Victoria's Secret lingerie, Victoria's Secret beauty, and Pink. From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Apparently, it's not at all as it seemed. Last weekend at Coachella, fans accused Kylie Jenner of copying blogger and designer Brit Day's bold festival look. The two both wore the same Discount Universe bikini, and similar colorful hair. Brit posted a side-by-side pic to her Instagram, joking that Kylie copied her look.  When the babe'n @kyliejenner steals your look!! 🙀👏🏼👏🏼😍 @discountuniverse @frothlyf  #kyliejenner #discountuniverse #whoworeitbetter #shesababe #dubabe #coachella #palmspringsA post shared by  Brit Day (@britday121) on Apr 16, 2016 at 5:54pm PDTIt did seem like she was teasing, and that she wasn't really serious. Still, fans jumped on her, saying that Brit probably got paid to wear it (popular bloggers do sometimes) and that Kylie would never copy her. ~Drama~! Refinery29 spoke to Discount Universe, the brand that makes made the bikini, to get to the bottom of what really happened. And it looks like it probably WAS just a coincidence! "We definitely did not send the blogger anything; she purchased the set," a spokesperson for the company told Refinery29. "Kylie chose the set out herself from our NYC showroom (when it was there pre-season, they hadn't gone into production), well before it was listed online — it's a total coincidence." Going one step further, the company posted an Instagram explaining what happened. And it makes one really important point: "Both of them looked F****** GREAT! Let's stand by eachother... no more shaming <3" Truth. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Because "nude" isn't really nude. "Nude" heels, dresses, and bags can be found in any store, but usually they only come in beige – which suits some people, but excludes all other skin tones. Finally, fashion brands are realizing that one single nude color just doesn't work for everyone, and Mia Pielle is leading the movement. The innovative new website helps you find shoes, clothes, undergarments, and accessories that actually match your unique skin color. You just select one of the six skin tones that's best suited to you and from there, the website pulls shoppable products from different brands in your "true nude" color. Kind of like Google, but for nude clothing. Atima Lui and Nancy Madrid, two students at Harvard Business School, created the brand because they were fed up with "big fashion brands trying to box [all women] into one skin tone," they told Seventeen.com. "As two women of Mexican and Sudanese heritage, we often feel like we don't meet the standard of beauty in this country... We women come in a wide range of skin tones and we all deserve products that match our unique hue."Prices on the site range from $6 crop tops all the way up to $350 sandals and come in six different tones.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Us too. Taylor Swift's style has changed a bit lately. Ever since her Vogue cover, she's been rocking her new platinum blonde hair with edgier outfits. The new Tay is a little less girly (bye, headbands!) and a little sleeker and fashion-y. With her new style comes a style icon that we might not have expected. In an interview with Vogue, Taylor is asked what celebrity closet she would love to raid. Her answer? Blake Lively AKA Serena van der Woodsen. Blake's style is polished and pretty, but definitely darker than we would expect from Taylor. As Racked points out, the two are already friends irl, so it shouldn't that hard to "borrow" from her closet. Check out the video above to see Taylor give Blake's wardrobe some love. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I'm really hoping for roll-on glitter to make a comeback next.I'm pretty sure the Kardashian/Jenners wake up in the morning and say to themselves, "What blast from the past can I try to make cool again today?" Or at least their stylist Monica Rose who dresses them does. Lately, the ladies have been trying to bring back (successfully, might I add) many '90s styles, including the choker necklace and distressed denim. Now it seems the latest trend to be revived is the layered tank-over-T-shirt look. Kendall wore the look after the MTV Movie Awards on April 9. Kim was then seen sporting the layered look in NYC on April 16, though hers was a long sleeve top of some sort under a long slinky number. Kylie was the latest to wear the trend on day three of Coachella, which pretty much confirms that this is a thing that you will now be seeing people wear again. I remember back in the day when my mom would make me wear a baby T under my risqué spaghetti strap tank tops before leaving the house. Who knew Kathy was so ahead of her time?The Navy has kindly brought to my attention that Rihanna has also worn this ensemble in recent months. Which only further confirms that this is indeed a trend again. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Kardashians on Kardashians, literally.If you've ever had a "friend" post a photo of you so incredibly awful that it had you questioning your entire face, you're definitely not alone. Now imagine if that awful photo of you was posted on every entertainment site and printed in every tabloid, and you can probably begin to understand some of the less-than-glamorous parts of being a celebrity.Rather than let a bad photo get her down, however, Kylie Jenner has decided to embrace it wholeheartedly — by wearing a t-shirt with one of her more awkward photos blown up and printed on it. It goes without saying that this t-shirt is amazing,  and I would definitely buy it if she included it in her next Puma collaboration. While the Kardashians are often criticized for taking their brand very seriously, it's obvious that all of them have a pretty great sense of humor, and Kylie's new t-shirt is definitive proof.From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Is it starting to feel warm and sunny in here or what? Is it starting to feel warm and sunny in here or what? From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Zooming in on the free-spirited details of music festival fashion.Zooming in on the free-spirited details of music festival fashion.From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			And she might be right.Forget flower crowns — chokers are the trend du jour, according to Taylor Swift. With a single Instagram photo, the singer has declared the 90s staple the new It accessory for festival season. "I feel like maybe chokers are the new flower crowns?" she captioned a black-and-white photo of her #squad, all decked out in their festival best. And honestly, she might be right. We've noticed a change in how the Coachella crowd is accessorizing this year, with floral headdresses falling by the wayside and edgy collars and minimalist chokers taking their place as the extra of choice. Check it out — chokers all around and not a flower crown in sight: From: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			See for yourself!When it comes to celebrities and their Coachella outfits, they go all out, with outfit planning most certainly starting way before the festival itself. Kylie Jenner is definitely one of the celebs who plans out every look, of course, being the trendsetter that she is. That's why fans were surprised to learn she may have copied one of her looks entirely from a lesser-known Instagrammer.The outfit in question was the sequin bikini with eyes that Kylie showed off on Snapchat this weekend.Eagle-eyed fans noticed that the outfit was almost exactly the same as the outfit a New Zealand Instagrammer named Brit Day shared two weeks ago — all the way down to her pastel rainbow french braids.Fans immediately began expressing their disappointment in the comments of Brit's Insta post, shocked that, based on the date Brit had uploaded, Kylie might have taken some major inspiration from her. That, or it was a massive, massive coincidence.While many fashion-forward Instagrammers might have been ticked off at the thought of someone as big as Kylie copying their look and getting credit for it, Brit seems to be taking this whole situation in stride. After all, imitation is the best form of flattery!She ended up posting a side-by-side of her original outfit next to Kylie's tagging it #whoworeitbetter and #shesababe, proving she's not taking this too seriously at all. When the babe'n @kyliejenner steals your look!! 🙀👏🏼👏🏼😍 @discountuniverse @frothlyf  #kyliejenner #discountuniverse #whoworeitbetter #shesababe #dubabe #coachella #palmspringsA post shared by  Brit Day (@britday121) on Apr 16, 2016 at 5:54pm PDT		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			#stylegoalsSweatpants are basically the most comfortable pants ever, so why not rock them all. the. time? Just snag these celebs' styling tricks for making sweats look as cute as they are comfy.Gigi makes head-to-toe sweats look super chic thanks some killer accessories. Selena looks cute and comfortable in matching sweats and white sneakers. Those aren't just any sweats, though. Her Vetements set costs $1,400! Ah, the life of a celeb. With a chic turtleneck and trendy purse, Kendall makes her ripped sweats look super fashionable. Victoria upgrades her grey sweatpants with a cool, leather baseball cap.Zendaya's simple grey sweats let her neon orange sneaks shine — literally.Debby dresses her black sweats up with a studded leather backpack and booties.Kylie black sweatpants are casually rolled up, and let her printed bomber jacket shine.Miley channels her childhood in fun car-print sweats and beat-up black Chucks.Lucy keeps it super casual in all grey and a New York Mets cap.Leave it to the major model to make sweatpants look runway-ready! Kendall transformed her basic black sweats into a fashion-y look, with a white boyfriend blazer and printed oxfords. So easy!The plaid shirt tied around Hilary's waist gives her sweats a trendy grunge look.The model's bright green beanie and work boots make her sweats look fashion-y. MORE: 14 Baller BeaniesBella dresses up her sporty bottoms for the red carpet, with a lace-y top and cool platform booties.Emma makes her grey sweats look chic with a preppy cardigan and gladiator sandals. MORE: 10 Super Cute Sweaters!Rita makes the sporty trend look so cool by pairing her grey sweats with colorful sneakers and a cool leather bomber jacket. MORE: Cute Sneakers For Fall!Ari looks super cute and cozy, pairing her sweatpants with Uggs, a beanie, and a sweatshirt.Hailee's cool snapback, slip-on sneakers, and backpack give her black sweats an urban edge.Ri Ri makes sweats looks so sophisticated with a striped button-down.Sel's embellished top and necklace keep her black drawstring pants from looking as casual as they really are. MORE: Shop Celebs' Under-$100 Finds!A denim jacket makes Lea's casual outfit still look pulled-together.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"Well girl let me tell you something, I'm happy with myself and my biiiigggg tummy with tiger stripes."24-year-old Jessica Portelli was shopping for bathing suits in a Matalan department store in Brighton, England, when another customer body shamed her right to her face, reports the Daily Mail. A girl actually told her that girls "like her" shouldn't wear bikinis. WHAT?!Jessica posted the whole story to her Facebook page, which has been shared more than 1,300 times. It reads: "I don't usually post such pictures of myself on Facebook however what happened today should be shared to raise some awareness. The girl at the store today said that 'girls like me' shouldn't wear a bikini. Well girl let me tell you something, I'm happy with myself and my biiiigggg tummy with tiger stripes but you could have said the same thing to the girl who finally got out there and had the courage to wear a bikini and you just killed her confidence with one stupid comment. You can be any size and look good. Confidence is what makes you sexy and not just being a size 6. Thank you for fat shaming me, thanks to you I got an awesome discount on my bikini. Much love. *#Fat*,*#confident*, girl. Xxx."The discount that Jessica is talking about came courtesy of an awesome store employee who was horrified by that other customer's rude comments. "The man in there who offered the discount was so nice to do so but I wasn't bothered by what the woman had said, it just went straight over my head," Jessica told the Daily Mail. "When the woman said it to me, I just responded straight away telling her, 'Girls like her shouldn't be telling girls like me what they can wear,'" Jessica adds. So she held up the bikini to show the customer, and walked right into the dressing room to try it on. "I told her that I'd prove her wrong so confronted her when I had the bikini on," Jessica said. "I told her I was happy in my own body and that I love the way I look." Who has the last laugh now?Follow @Seventeen on Instagram.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Spoiler alert: It's sexy!Katy Perry attended a charity gala in Los Angeles last night, wearing a black pleather bustier dress with pointy lil' boob cups that looked a little like cat ears. You know, Katy and her Kitty Kats etc. etc. Katy also wore the most fabulous pageant-worthy chandelier earrings seen on a red carpet in a while. These were so ornate and dingly dangly that I can only imagine they tickled her shoulders all night in a probably irksome manner. But worth it, because of the glamour!And I didn't even get to the best part yet! As Katy turned side on to pose for the red carpet photographers, she revealed a sheer peacock feather-embroidered panel running from top to toe. This means she can't be wearing underwear, and brave is the starlet to go commando under pleather. The potential for sweating alone....It's OK though, Katy's assistant probably has Wet Wipes. Anyway, here she is again, posing with Girls actress Allison Williams, who's also dressed all sorts of over the top. What good fun!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Not all heroes wear capes. If your boobs are larger than a D cup, you've probably felt blogger and YouTuber Chardé Heremaia's pain over finding a bra. While more and more brands are expanding sizes online, it's still slim pickings when it comes to affordable bras in stores. Chardé, who is a cup size FF, was shopping in her local Hawkes Bay, New Zealand Kmart when she lost it in the most hilarious way over all the "ugly" bras for busty women. She filmed a video titled "Bra Companies – This One Is For You."The video has been seen more than 600,000 times on her Facebook page. Women from all over the world are relating to her struggle. Chardé notes that all the cute, colorful bras come in smaller sizes, while only "granny" bras are close to her size. And if she wants an actual "saucy" bra, she'll have to spend big bucks. "I came to find that Kmart didn't even stock my size and 10 years of frustration about my boobs came out," she told BuzzFeed.Watch the video above to LOL at how funny — but truthful — it really is. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			And there's a proper underwear style for each of them.No matter how well you think you know your body, there's a good chance New York City board-certified plastic surgeon Matthew Schulman, MD, knows your butt type even better. Over the course of his career, he's examined an estimated 50,000 butts from 35 countries and almost every U.S. state. And he's personally augmented more than 2,000 of them.Dr. Schulman says your butt shape is determined by the placement of your pelvis and hip bones, the amount of fat you have and its distribution, the size of your underlying gluteal muscles, and the way your butt muscles attach to the thigh bone. The outcome is a butt that fits into one of five categories. And in the same way that knowing your breast shape can help you find a flattering bra fit, nailing down your butt shape can determine which underwear styles fit best, according to HerRoom.com lingerie expert Tomima Edmark. So ID your butt shape below, and stick with the recommended underwear styles listed for the most comfortable, flattering fit.If the line between your hip bone and outer thigh runs perpendicular to the ground, congrats, your butt is square, according to Dr. Schulman.The best bottoms for you: While styles designed to hit high on the thigh can ride up and result in a wedgie, boy shorts, bikinis, tangas, and thongs can be comfortable and flattering for women with square, flat butts. Just steer clear of panties with elastic-edged leg holes, which tend to have extra fabric that can cause awkward bunching.If the line between your pelvis and hips angles inward, your butt takes on a "V" shape from behind, according to Dr. Schulman, who says this butt shape is common among women with broad shoulders and very narrow hips. The best bottoms for you: Stick with briefs, boy shorts, hipsters, or bikinis without high-cut leg holes, which won't provide quite enough coverage for your butt cheeks. Because a V-shaped butt can make your cheeks look like they're sagging, make sure your underwear's leg opening cups the bottom of your buns for extra definition. "Pear-shaped" women tend to have A-shaped butts that widen below the hip bones, according to Dr. Schulman. The best bottoms for you: Because A-shaped butts tend to stem from fuller thighs, the most comfortable underwear styles have high-cut legs with larger leg holes. Stick with tangas, bikinis, or boy shorts made from stretchy lace, or seamless, laser-cut edges — and avoid styles with elastic-edged leg holes, which can be binding and uncomfortable.This one is pretty much self-explanatory, but mostly because you've seen this shape on Kim Kardashian, Queen Bey, and J Lo. If you want a rounder butt — which tends to be a popular sentiment among Dr. Schulman's patients — strengthening the butt muscles can give your backside "more projection" without surgical intervention.The best bottoms for you: A round butt requires extra fabric in the back for full coverage — otherwise, the crotch of your underwear will just shift backward, which can lower the front waist band and trigger a frontal wedgie — not cool. Tangas and thongs, as well as briefs and boy shorts with four-way stretch, a center back seam, and — in a perfect world — ruching along that seam are ideal for contouring your butt cheeks. Pro tip: Size up for even more coverage.The ol' upside-down-heart-shaped butt is round without defying gravity. Like round booties, "it involves a curve to the outer hips, but with more volume in the lower part of the hip," Dr. Schulman explains. The best bottoms for you: Because your butt and hips are full, and your buns are set low, high-cut leg holes might not give your butt cheeks quite enough coverage. Go for briefs, boy shorts, hipsters, or bikinis with a lower-cut leg opening. If you're worried about looking saggy, make sure your underwear's leg openings cup the buns, hitting right below your butt crease for the illusion of an instant butt lift. From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Love what you got, girl. It's no secret that Victoria's Secret makes some bomb push-up bras (one style is literally called the bombshell bra), but the brand recently revealed the new addition of bralettes, which feature zero padding, to its ample selection of lingerie. To celebrate the monumental launch, three Angels — Elsa Hosk, Martha Hunt, and Taylor Hill — hosted a live-stream press conference Tuesday in NYC and opted to wear the bralettes instead of the usual padded bra. Martha told the Daily Mail the models have been "pushing" for a non-push-up bra for a while because it's "just a cooler, more modern way to go." The tag line for the range of bralettes is "No padding is sexy now!" and Elsa elaborated on that a little further in the interview. "If you do naturally [have large breasts], like wow, I'm in awe, but it is so much about just being natural and casual and not trying too hard."Taylor added, "I don't have a huge chest, but I love wearing the bralette because they are just fun and flirty. I think being yourself and being natural nowadays is so in style, and it is so important because I think it is just more fun and it is more comfortable." Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You're going to want to save up for these. As much as we love Victoria's Secret, sometimes you want a bra with a little less oomph, a little less padding and ~sex appeal~. Sometimes you just want to feel cute and chill in your bra, you know? Well, Victoria's Secret heard those cries and has launched adorable bralettes that you're about to be obsessed with. The bralettes come in seven different styles, all without padding. They feel almost like crop tops, and look super-cute peaking out of tank tops and summer dresses. The bralettes retail for $29.50 each or two-for-$49.50 (sizes XS to L) in Victoria's Secret stores and Victoriassecret.com. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Stick these killer pins on your denim jacket, dress, or backpack this season. Stick these killer pins on your denim jacket, dress, or backpack this season. Dancing Girls Enamel Pin, $16, verameat.comBornFreePress Avocado Enamel Pin, $8.70, etsy.comFake Perfume Pin, $6, rosehoundapparel.com TheSuperDuperAwesome Cute AF Enamel Pin, $7, etsy.comModernGirlBlitz Ovaries Before Brovaries Button, $2, etsy.comPizza Pin, $10, thesearethings.comModernGirlBlitz LOL Heart Collar Clip Set w/Chain, $19, etsy.comHappy Heart Pins, $10 each, bando.comPintrill 3 Wise Monkeys Pin Pack, $40, shopjeen.comEggie Brooch, $40, istillloveyounyc.comInternet Famous Pin, $10, thesearethings.comPins Combo Pack, $20, shopkateandcait.comJelly Babe 4Ever Pins, $12 each, prettynobodyco.comFries Before Guys Pins, $10 each, bando.comPenelopeGazin Feeling Feelings Enamel Pin, $12, etsy.comPenelopeGazin Beware Enamel Pin, $12, etsy.comSnap Out Of It Enamel Pin, $16, verameat.comIce Cream Sandwhich Enamel Pin, $6, rosehoundapparel.comPenelopeGazin Spin The Bottle Enamel Pin, $13, etsy.comLust Till Dust Pins, $12 each, prettynobodyco.com		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Another check off the fashion industry domination bucket list.Between Kendall and Kylie Jenner's clothing and shoe line and their ventures in the industry as fashion and beauty moguls (we're talking dozens of modeling campaigns and a wildly successful makeup line, respectively) it's no surprise the sisters are taking on another facet of the industry: handbags. The dynamic duo will release a line this fall, WWD reports, with the collection consisting of 18 bags in a range of sizes. It'll be sold at retailers such as Bloomingdale's, Neiman Marcus, Saks Fifth Avenue and more. The collection, a melding of Kendall's tomboy charm and Kylie's fierce aesthetic, will include several designs, from bucket bags and backpacks to everything in between. Kendall told WWD that the bags are "super modern and pair really well with pieces from our ready-to-wear and shoe collection for fall," while Kylie added that, "each design definitely makes its own statement." We can't wait to see what's in store.From: Harper's BAZAAR US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Here are the denim shorts that Kylie Jenner will (probably) wear to CoachellaWe told you about Levi's Wedgie jeans back in February, when Kylie Jenner wore the booty-flattering style on Instagram to the tune of 1.3 million likes. Now, the brand is back with its Wedgie Shorts just in time for music festivals. Kendall and Kylie Jenner are probably heading to Coachella again this year, especially since Kendall posted this #tb pic of the duo last year. Kylie would totally wear these shorts, that are supposed to lift and separate your butt, making it look flawless — just like the jeans do. And don't worry if you're not into showing a sliver of butt cheek. Levi's has the high-waisted shorts in longer, cuffed-styles, too. The Wedgie Fit shorts retail for $98 at Levis.com. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			People are not happy with them right now. Free People is under fire today after being accused of appropriating Native American culture with their new festival campaign and collection.Twitter was, of course, super quick to pick up on the new campaign images, which feature all manner of feathered headdresses, earrings, and rain sticks.Free people, your festival shop is a disgusting example of cultural appropriation. I'm offended!! pic.twitter.com/2Zk9ZFjyTLWhile some people have taken offense to the products themselves and the way in which they have been styled, The Frisky points out that the prices are pretty out of order too.Would you pay $237 for this feather headdress, cultural appropriation aside?Or, how about $192 for this "Born to Be Wild Ear Cuff"?This isn't the first time Free People has been in trouble for appropriation either, having come under fire in 2014 for a dreadlock tutorial that featured no people of color.Cultural appropriation has made the headlines a lot recently due to the likes of Justin Bieber wearing his hair in locs and celebs such as Khloé Kardashian wearing Native American headdresses in social media photos.From: Cosmopolitan UK		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Chic Sketch turned Kendall Jenner, Gigi Hadid, and Ariana Grande's red carpet looks into gorgeous fashion illustrations. Chic Sketch turned Kendall Jenner, Gigi Hadid, and Ariana Grande's red carpet looks into gorgeous fashion illustrations. www.seventeen.comhttps’s server IP address could not be found.Try:null		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Crisis averted!Apparently, lace-up thigh-high heels are just as difficult to wear as they are to put on. The bold trend has been Kendall Jenner's go-to lately, and even though she's a lace-up pro, she still had a bit of trouble with her *crazy* shoes on the 2016 MTV Video Awards red carpet.Kendall worked the red carpet like it was a runway, until her ultra strappy shoes started falling down. She and her aids quickly tag-teamed the almost-disaster and got her outfit back to Flawless Level 100 in no time.That was a close one. I'd hate to trip up in those bad boys!Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Could this be the end of PacSun?The store that brought you Kendall and Kylie Jenner's first fashion collection might be headed for tough times. PacSun has just applied for Chapter 11 voluntary bankruptcy protection, according to a press release. The move comes in conjunction with some changes as part of a  "Plan of Reorganization".For fans of the store, this news leads to a lot of scary questions. Will my local PacSun close down? Do I need to stock up on Bullhead jeans while I can? What will happen to Kendall and Kylie's collection? Thankfully, President and CEO Gary H. Schoenfeld addressed some of these questions in the press release, reassuring us that "customers should not be effected by this restructuring process." He went on to say "We intend to operate business as usual with no plans at this time to close any stores. All PacSun stores nationwide will remain open on normal schedules and continue to operate in the ordinary course without interruption. Our customers will continue to receive the same excellent products and customer service to which you are accustomed."The release said that they believe filing for bankruptcy will "position us for long-term success."  So hopefully this process will help PacSun stay around for a long time. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Been there, girl. Once a month every month the female race deals with cravings, cramps, and bloating that would put Harry Potter's Aunt Marge to shame. During that period (lol), we curl up with cupcakes, throw on our comfiest pair of leggings, and wait for the misery to pass on the comfort of our couch. Unfortunately, if you're a crazy talented actress like, Jennifer Lawrence, you have to actually do things when you're on your period, like attend televised awards ceremonies in skin-tight designer gowns. J.Law shared in Harper's Bazaar's May issue that she actually chose the red cut-out gown she wore to this year's Golden Globes because she was on her period. "That was my plan-B dress," she told the mag. "Plan A was a dress that I couldn't wear because awards season is synced with my menstrual cycle, and it has been for years." She ended up wearing the red Dior number instead, because "It was loose at the front. And I didn't have to worry about sucking anything in. The other dress was really tight, and I'm not going to suck in my uterus. I don't have to do that." Along with giving us some epic life advice – "I'm not going to suck in my uterus" – we also have J.Law's uterus to thank for this epic fashion moment. Isn't the female reproductive system just grand?Follow @Seventeen on Instagram.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			*Drooling*Getting a glimpse of Kylie Jenner's wondrous closet is like stepping through the wardrobe into the magical land of Shoe Narnia. The closet houses accessories so beautiful, they almost have a mythical quality, and the closet itself is huge enough to be plotted on its own map. She's given us peaks into her massive closet before, but last night, Kylizzle took us on an in-depth tour of her museum-worthy heel and bag collection. She commented on her fave pieces, showed off some new arrivals, and even gave us a little shoe throwback from 2013. Her purses are gorgeous and her heels rival her epic sneaker collection, something we didn't think was possible. As an added bonus, she shared in the snap below that she's thinking about starting a Snapchat series, called Purse of the Day, to show off her massive bag collection.And then she went on to share all her gorgeous shoes. Ladies, prepare to drool. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The U.K.'s Advertising Standards Agency made the ruling following a complaint.Campaign ads for Gucci's latest cruise collection have been banned in the United Kingdom, Fashionista reports, following a ruling from the country's Advertising Standards Authority (ASA). After the below video showcasing the campaign appeared on British newspaper The Times's website, the ASA received a complaint arguing that two models were "unhealthily thin":The ASA's report notes the complaint related to two models: Madison Stubbington, pictured sitting on the couch in a yellow suit (above left), and Avery Blanchard, pictured leaning against a wall in a patterned dress (above right). In their response, Gucci argued that "the visual parts of [the models'] bodies appeared toned and slim," but not too slim. Whether a model is "unhealthily thin" or not, they continued, is a "subjective matter." Read their argument in full below:"The ads were part of a video that portrayed a dance party and was aimed at an older, sophisticated audience. They noted that the target population of The Times, where the ad appeared, had an adult and mature readership. They said it was, to some extent, a subjective issue as to whether a model looked unhealthily thin. which they considered was not the case for either of the women identified by the complainant. They believed both models had slim builds. but were not depicted in a way that could be interpreted as unhealthily thin. For example, nowhere in the ads were any models' "bones" visible, their makeup was natural rather than heavy (which might have accentuated the impression of thinness), lighting was uniform and warm to ensure there were no hollows caused by shadows and their clothes were not revealing. The visual parts of their bodies appeared toned and slim."Regardless, the ASA eventually ruled that Blanchard did appear too skinny in the campaign — "her torso and arms were quite slender and appeared to be out of proportion with her head and lower body," their ruling read. "Further, her pose elongated her torso and accentuated her waist so that it appeared to be very small...We also considered that her sombre facial expression and dark make up, particularly around her eyes, made her face look gaunt." Even if intended to combat problematic portrayals of the female form, it's worth noting this is a pretty body-shaming statement in itself.Still, this decision means the campaign now can't ever appear again in the U.K. "in its current form" (though, at this point, Gucci's moved past cruise season anyway). The ASA has also charged Gucci with acting more "responsibly" going forward.From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"Staying a size 0-2 throughout your career is the unspoken key to success in this industry."Polish model Zuzanna Buchwald has worked with brands like Gucci, Prada, and Versace. But when her career was just getting started in the U.S., the industry's restrictive weight standards nearly ruined her life. In an emotional essay for The Daily Dot, Buchwald revealed that the pressures of the modeling industry led her to develop anorexia and bulimia, and she felt forced to stay silent to protect her career. Because models have to fit into super-small sample sizes, their agents obsessively monitor their weight and encourage extreme measures to stay skinny: "Staying a size 0–2 throughout your career is the unspoken key to success in this industry. For most women, staying the smallest size possible consistently for many years is very hard to achieve. Young models learn about it the hard way: If an agency catches the smallest weight gain, you are measured, told to lose weight immediately, and reprimanded."Buchwald says this happened to her, especially at the beginning of her career. She had been an athlete before modeling, and her muscle mass was a problem: "My agents told me to stop exercising and stop eating. On my own and feeling alone in a foreign country, the pressure quickly developed into an eating disorder that I battled for almost four years. Ironically, I was most admired by my ‪‎agents and ‪designers when I was at my unhealthiest and unhappiest. It was then that I worked the most."She says that that pressure from her agency changed her relationship with food forever. And she didn't have a lot of control over the work she did, because in today's world, models are "interchangeable clothes hangers," not people with personalities. Now 28 and recovered, she writes that she's choosing to open up now so she can call out the fashion industry for enforcing unrealistic, harmful beauty standards. Watch her tell her story below, in a video for Real Women, Real Stories: If you or someone you know needs help, call the National Association of Anorexia Nervosa and Associated Disorders helpline at (630) 577-1330, or email them at anadhelp@anad.org From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"I remember staring at my food and thinking maybe I should just not eat."You once couldn't walk into a Victoria's Secret store or open a catalog without seeing Erin Heatherton's face. The model, who walked in the brand's famous fashion show from 2008 to 2013, had a coveted gig as an official VS Angel. Now, three years after leaving the brand, she's opening up about the body image struggles she faced while on the job. "My last two Victoria's Secret shows, I was told I had to lose weight," she tells TIME magazine's Motto, "I look back like, 'Really?'" While prepping for her last Victoria's Secret fashion show in 2013, she was exercising twice a day but couldn't get the results she wanted."I was really depressed because I was working so hard and I felt like my body was resisting me," she says, "And I got to a point where one night I got home from a workout and I remember staring at my food and thinking maybe I should just not eat."[image id='f2ea054b-8ffe-4b36-a215-ba5d45545159' mediaId='ac542b08-e8f7-4d37-aee8-505ee71c15e9' caption='Heatherton Walking in the 2010 Victoria\'s Secret Fashion Show' loc='C' share='true' expand='true' size='M'][/image]She left Victoria's Secret after her last show, "I realized I couldn't go out into the world—parading my body and myself in front of all these women who look up to me—and tell them that this is easy and simple and everyone can do this."Just last month, the model also opened up about the pressures she felt in an Instagram photo featuring herself in a shirt that read "Empowered by Failure." She hopes speaking out will help other women struggling. "I'm willing to sacrifice my pride, in a sense, and my privacy because I know that if I don't speak about it, I could be withholding information that would really help women," she says. "It hurts too much to keep it in, and that's why I'm not keeping it in now."[instagram ]https://www.instagram.com/p/BCzFP9NCPfc/[/instagram]From: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			What do you see?Look at the above picture. Do you see a white skirt with a pretty floral design? Or do you see your WORST nightmare come to life? This image was captured by an Imgur user and posted with the caption: "Really could've picked a better place for that "flower" design..." It's from a JCPenney ad, and as you can see below, the skirt is still available online. The pic is going viral, because all anyone can see is period blood! It's like, you forgot to pack a tampon and were just walking down the street and...okay, I won't continue but it's not good. Most people agree.The skirt itself is actually pretty cute, tbh. It's just when the wearer walks, the flower moves to an unfortunate position. Like, maybe if the flower was up on the hip more and not directly on the crotch? Maybe? You be the judge. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You might have seen their ads on Facebook. When you're nursing a minor fashion addiction, cheap clothes are your savior. Online shopping can be a great way to score some serious deals, but sadly, girls are now getting scammed by websites that promote cheap clothes, but don't follow through. BuzzFeed reports that China-based retailers like Zaful, SammyDress, DressLily, RoseGal, RoseWe, TideBuy, Choies, and RomWe. have ripped off thousands of customers. People are lured in by ads – mostly on Facebook – promising affordable, trendy clothing, but what they receive is nowhere near what they ordered.These websites steal product images from other brands, then list the items on their own websites for dirt cheap. This image of a PromGirl dress was stolen, then listed for only $10.30 on Rose Wholesale's website, but what the girl actually got in the mail looked nothing like the picture. Customers are taking to Facebook to warn others about the scam and are even petitioning PayPal to get their money back. But until these websites are (hopefully) shut down, be cautious while online shopping: if it seems too good to be true, it probably is. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"As a kid, I never saw myself represented in magazines, let alone on the covers of them."You probably saw this year's  Sports Illustrated swimsuit issue, because it was one of the most buzzed-about editions of the mag ever. It starred three women with different body types: Ashley Graham, MMA star Ronda Rousey, and 20-year-old Hailey Clauson. It was body positive and awesome. The girls at Buzzfeed decided to add more body types to the mix, as they posed for faux magazine covers a la SI. Each learned something about herself, plus the photos are bomb."I don't think I've ever really seen myself fully represented on Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue covers," says the gorge Nina, wearing a pink triangle bikini. We have to say, she ROCKED it! Check out the rest of the women, and the entire shoot over on Buzzfeed.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"Fat cow... stop eating McDonald's."Even if you're a gorge model working for a huge brand like Aerie, you still have to deal with body shamers and rude comments online. Iskra Lawrence is super tired of it, and she's fighting back in a really powerful way. Some dude called Iskra a "fat cow" on Instagram, commenting that plus-size models promote obesity, that "everyone needs to stop eating McDonald's" and "people like her [eat] too many bags of crisps." (FYI: What we call chips, Brits call crisps.) Ugh. So she decided to stage a photo shoot eating crisps (er, chips) and write how she really feels about being body shamed."This is for anyone who has ever been called FAT," she writes. "Opinions are like arseholes — everyone's got one." ✨😝I'm sorry I couldn't help myself...This is for anyone who has ever been called FAT. Thanks for the inspirational words on a recent pic @zseanzbrown 👇🏼 "Fat cow. It's only cus every F****r on this planet is obese that that's the norm... Plus-size models? give me a F*****g breaking. Everyone needs to stop eating McDonald's, the NHS is f****d because of people like her eating too many bags of crisps." Opinions are like arseholes - everyone's got one🙌 thanks to the dream team for making this happen at work today 📸 by @ricktphoto  @mandywinrow @nickigillonstylistA post shared by  Iskra ✨ (@iskra) on Apr 1, 2016 at 10:20am PDTShe also posted a slow-mo video and a big eff you to anyone who dares to try to make her feel bad about herself."I do not condone binge eating," she explains. "I eat whatever I want in moderation. I will eat crisps, but I'll also make healthy home cooked meals and workout regularly. The message is who gives a F what anyone else thinks of you. YOU are the only one who decides yourself worth✨ ✨😝Had to make a #slow-mo too😂...This is for anyone who has ever been called FAT. Thanks for the inspirational words on a recent pic @zseanzbrown 👇🏼 "Fat cow. It's only cus every F****r on this planet is obese that that's the norm... Plus-size models? give me a F*****g breaking. Everyone needs to stop eating McDonald's, the NHS is f****d because of people like her eating too many bags of crisps." Ps I do not condone binge eating. I eat whatever I want in moderation. I will eat crisps but I'll also make healthy home cooked meals and workout regularly. The message is who gives a F what anyone else thinks of you. YOU are the only one who decides yourself worth✨ And sorry I'm usually not rude or give anyone the finger but these online trolls smdh 😂😂😂 #iskralawrence #everyBODYisbeautifulA post shared by  Iskra ✨ (@iskra) on Apr 1, 2016 at 10:45am PDTAnd because she doesn't usually fight back against Insta-trolls, Iskra apologized to her fans for the middle finger, which seems totally appropriate in this situation. "And sorry I'm usually not rude or give anyone the finger but these online trolls smdh 😂😂😂 #iskralawrence#everyBODYisbeautifulFollow @Seventeen on Instagram.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			This is the last time you'll be able to shop Bethany's line. It's the end of an era! Bethany Mota has been designing cute clothes with Aeropostale since the fall of 2013, and now she's just released her final collection. She shared the news on Instagram.  She captioned the post: "It's my last collection with @aeropostale 💖hope you guys love everything! I've had such an incredible time designing all of the past collections with aero. Thank you all for supporting this line & thanks aero for being such a great partner! Get excited for new fun things to come 😏💋 you an check out the collection right now in stores and online!"The collection is out today, and it's possibly Bethany's cutest clothes ever. This halter dress is only $30 and I want to wear it all summer. This cold-shoulder top, for $24, is adorable. And this layered necklace! It's $6 and will go with everything. It's sad to say goodbye to Bethany's line, but we're excited for things to come from the #girlboss.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Your fave celebs looked *fire*. While the country artists hit Vegas for the ACM Awards, the rest of the music industry went to California for the annual iHeartRadio Music Awards. See all the chicest celebrity fashion as your favorite stars make their way down the red carpet for tonight's event. From: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Gorgeous.Haircare line Beauty & Pin-Ups revealed the face of their latest campaign, and it's model Katie Meade. Her luscious locks are the official tresses of the brand's Fearless Hair Rescue Treatment, and she looks amazing. This marks the first time a woman with Down syndrome is featured as the face of a beauty product, and it's pretty much the most wonderful thing ever. "The Beauty & Pin-Ups brand is a celebration of the empowerment of a woman and what it took to be a pin-up in 1935, and carrying that message in a modern sense," Beauty & Pin-Ups CEO Kenny Kahn  told PeopleStyle. "So as we were launching this product, in our mind it could have been the next traditional pin-up — but as soon as we came up with the name "Fearless" it was really easy, we were like, 'Well Katie's fearless.'""It's pretty cool because I love being apart of the Beauty & Pin-ups family," Meade added. BRB, off to buy all of this. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Zendaya and Taylor Swift basically stole the show. Yesterday in Beverly Hills, the GLAAD Media Awards took place – recognizing and honoring the representation of gay, lesbian, bisexual, and transgender communities within the media. Loads of celebs were there looking hella fancy, with Ruby Rose and Demi Lovato winning awards, and Taylor Swift making a surprise appearance on stage. Check out all the best looks:Zendaya was looking goooorgeous in this slinky and embellished spaghetti strap blue gown. Her makeup was as glam as EVER and her hair was looking fab, set in major retro waves. Lea was looking glorious in this super plunging white lace gown. She kept her hair super sleek, with a Kardashian-worthy contour and smoky-eye.Nick and Demi hit the red carpet together looking fab and giving us serious friendship envy. P.S. Snazzy pants, Demi. Ruby looked gorge wearing a white two-piece suit and crop top. She had her blue hair braided and twisted into an updo. Faaaancy. Although Taylor didn't do the red carpet run, she did make a surprise appearance on stage to present Ruby Rose with her award. And CHECK HOW GOOD SHE LOOKS. Ah-mazing. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Sugarscape		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Dry-cleaning is not always the best option.Usually anything of mine that says "dry-clean only" on the tag might as well say "don't wash me ever," because taking clothes to the cleaners is pretty pricey, and honestly, who has the time? But it also seems like the more money I spend on a clothing item, the less I'm willing to just toss it in the washer, even if the tag says it's fine to go in the regular wash. If something is expensive, it should be dry-cleaned, right? Not necessarily.I spoke to Rachel Zoe, designer and knower of all things clothing-related, to solve some of my laundry dilemmas. Zoe recently partnered with Downy to design four pieces that are 100 percent laundry-friendly for her fall/winter 2016 collection and cleared up some common misconceptions people have about washing their clothes.For those of you who overzealously dry-clean your clothes, read the labels on your clothing first! If something says "do not dry clean," it probably means the fabric has a special coating that can be removed by dry-cleaning solvents, aka could cause your clothes to pill down the road. If this is the case, Zoe says washing your clothes in the washer can actually help the fabrics stay more in tact than dry-cleaning. Clothing conditioner will protect the fibers in your clothing from abrasive damage that happens when you wash or wear it. Just like how your hair frizzes without using hair conditioner, your clothes will fuzz without fabric conditioner. Adding fabric conditioner when washing mildly aged fabrics will actually smooth out the fibers in the fabric (which helps the color appear more vibrant) and improve the appearance of the clothing.Zoe says, "Really pay attention to the needs of your life and also to your garments. I only clean my clothes when I feel that they need it. Over-washing your clothes or washing them when they're not actually dirty is a common mistake people make." Items like jeans and some shirts can be worn a few times without washing if they aren't stained, but certain things like underwear and workout clothes should be washed every time you wear them. That is, of course, unless you're just wearing yoga pants to watch TV, in which case you should wash them after two to three uses. "I think a misconception sometimes is shrinking," Rachel says. "And in fact, typically that's actually done in the dryer, not in the washing machine." If the label on your clothing says you can wash it, you're totally fine doing so. Just make sure to let it air-dry instead of tumble-drying to prevent shrinking. "Sometimes drying your clothes on a hanger will actually cause damage," Rachel says. "On a really fragile knit, it will leave a hanger mark on it, so a lot of times I just lie them flat or I'll put them outside to dry."Cashmere, polyester, and silk are commonly known as fabrics that should only be dry-cleaned, but these fabrics are actually fine to wash in the washer. Instances when these shouldn't be washed is if the item is made with a special dye or delicately constructed. Read the care label to be sure. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			If you haven't bought your dress yet, check out this stunner.Every girl wants a totally unique prom dress that will instantly make their crush's jaw drop, and Zendaya just showed you exactly how its done. On the red yellow carpet for HBO Films' Confirmation, she rocked a stunning two-piece that is nothing short of FLAWLESS.Her whimsical crop top reminds us of a Rubik's Cube in the best possible way. The peplum-meets-ruffle detail on the skirt is sure to be featured on every prom dress from here forward; it's a stand-out detail that really makes the look P-O-P. Her major slit that shows off the cool print again and Zendaya's pastel pumps.  Take note of her super sparkly bling, mint mani, and glowy makeup. Total perfection. This look will forever go down in history as Zendaya's best look ever – at least until the next time she leaves her house.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			God bless the free returns. GOD BLESS.1. You haven't stepped foot in a "real" clothes store in longer than you can remember. Crowds? Lines?  No 'refine your search' function? WHAT IS THIS SORCERY?2. You've got used to being able to do all your clothes shopping while, er, not wearing  clothes. Pizza + pyjamas + ASOS = bliss.3. The slide-y bar that allows you to outline your budget proves to be your best friend towards the end of every month. "Yes of course I need new clothes but I'm not MADE OF MONEY y'know."4. You constantly have things in your basket and tell yourself you're a good person for leaving them there for over 24 hours. Does this count as showing restraint or are you just weighing up whether new shoes are more important than paying for books? Don't answer that.5. No other post can rival the sheer JOY you feel when one of those black and white parcels arrives on your desk. YAAAAS ASOS.6. And don't even get us started on what a godsend free returns are.  Ordering the same thing in multiple sizes and being able to send the wrong ones back for FREE? God bless whoever's idea that was.7. You know exactly when the sales are going to happen and have a game plan for precisely how to handle them. Shoes first, then refine search to "dresses and black". Done.8. You've been led to question your whole shopping basket by the $5.95 next day delivery costs. "Yes I was about to spend $89, but WHAT DO YOU MEAN IT'S FIVE DOLLARS TO SHIP IT TO ME?"9. And yet you always buy it anyway. The clothes are just so damn good.10. You've tried online shopping around, and yet nowhere else seems to have the same quality to price ratio going on. Four for you ASOS. You go ASOS.11. You're constantly browsing slash have an ASOS tab open "just in case" something happens to catch your eye that didn't yesterday. Or the day before. Or the day before. 12. Whether it's a date/prom/Saturday night spent in the cluuub, you know ASOS is your reliable first turn without a second thought.13. When ASOS announced they were launching a loyalty card, your life suddenly had so much more meaning. The A-List is the reason you BREATHE.14. The "save for later" button is equal parts your best friend and your worst enemy. "Yes I was about to check out but now I've realized I want to spend another $90 on my saved items."15. You're a total pro at filling out the dreaded returns form. And it's not because you always return things, but actually because you've bought so many in the past that something's bound to not suit you.16. You've discovered loads of cool brands that you probably wouldn't have otherwise through ASOS Marketplace and the outlets they have stocked on the site. *Praying hands emoji*17.You've left the house on more than one occasion and realized absolutely everything you're wearing is from ASOS. Adidas trainers? Underwear? Even your makeup? Check.18. Can we talk about how expansive and great the inflatables section on ASOS is? WE WANT THAT SWAN FLOATY LIKE TAYLOR SWIFT like now, please.19. This whole feature has made you crave an ASOS spree and the thought of closing this tab and opening one on their site has crossed your mind at least 3 times. Right? Same.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram.From: Cosmopolitan UK		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Bonus: You can actually afford them... if they haven't sold out yet..Today is a huge day for Kylie Jenner, and all of us who worship her – her new lip gloss collection launches today, along with her shoe line from Puma. You'll have to wait until later today to get her glosses, but the shoes are available now!The Puma Fierce collection is available online at Puma's website and they're surprisingly affordable. Each pair costs $90, which isn't cheap, of course, but can be done if you're willing to  save up for a splurge. The sneakers put a cool, modern spin on high-tops, with high-tongue action in the front and back of the shoe. They're available in black and white, all-black, red, and grey. Most sizes (my size included 😒) of the black and white are sold out already, so if you're hoping to snag a pair, you best act fast. If her lip kits are any indication, these babies are going to be gone in a flash. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You really thought the Kendall + Kylie spring collection was all there is?Kendall and Kylie Jenner may have just launched their first Kendall + Kylie spring line, but already another premium capsule collection is coming to Neiman Marcus. The #OnlyatNM line includes nine pieces crafted from Italian leather, Chinese hammered silks, and more. "[It] is sophisticated, clean and beautifully tailored," Kendall said in the press release for the collection. "We incorporated a lot of sophisticated and versatile pieces that were simple yet chic." The clothing ranges from $200 to $1,000 in price. Pick it up in Neiman Marcus stores on April 7 or pre-order it online now.Available for pre-order at neimanmarcus.com.Available for pre-order at neimanmarcus.com.Available for pre-order at neimanmarcus.com.Available for pre-order at neimanmarcus.com.Available for pre-order at neimanmarcus.com.Available for pre-order at neimanmarcus.com.Available for pre-order at neimanmarcus.com.Available for pre-order at neimanmarcus.com.Available for pre-order at neimanmarcus.com.From: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			And eat them too.The food Instagram accounts we find seem to be getting more and more elaborate. There's this amazing stop-motion artist creating adorable recipes out of paper, and Celebs on Sandwiches, and my personal favorite that I still check daily: Taste of Streep. Food Instagram accounts are so captivating, especially when they're creating some phenomenal works of art.Fashion illustrator Edgar Artis is making some pretty gorgeous gowns out of everything from fruits and vegetables to ketchup and French fries, and all sorts of snacks in between. He takes suggestions into account on his Facebook page, so if you're interested in perhaps seeing a gown fashioned out of anchovies or maybe artichokes, go let him know.Check out some of our personal favorites below, and see Artis's account for yourself if you want to be wowed by his tasty creations.This strawberry frock is way more vibrant than any cocktail dress we could dream to wear. Strawberry dress 🍓🍓 i hope you are not getting bored of my page 😄😄 ... #fashion #fashionista #fashionblogger #fashionable #fashiondiaries #fashionweek #fashionstyle #fashiondesigner #fashiondesign #fashionillustration #fashionillustrator #illustration #illustrator #art #artist #artwork #women #womensfashion #igers #picoftheday #love #like4like  #drawing #girl #follow #followme #ArmeniaA post shared by  EdgaR_ArtiS (@edgar_artis) on Mar 24, 2016 at 4:56am PDTFor those who still can't eat their vegetables, this one's for you. Broccoli gown 🍀 stay Healthy my FRIENDS 😉 and i wish you a perfect day and perfect mood 👌😊... #fashion #fashionista #fashionblogger #fashionable #fashiondiaries #fashionweek #fashionstyle #fashiondesigner #fashiondesign #fashionillustration #fashionillustrator #illustration #illustrator #art #artist #artwork #women #womensfashion #igers #picoftheday #love #like4like  #drawing #girl #follow #followme #ArmeniaA post shared by  EdgaR_ArtiS (@edgar_artis) on Mar 23, 2016 at 5:35am PDTRed pepper powder is something I'm iffy on. This red pepper powder dress? A total winner. Dress made of Red pepper powder 🔥🔥 it was very hard to do .. I want to Thank You everyday my dear followers from the bottom of my heart ❤️🙏❤️ you're making my dream come true GOD BLESS YOU 🙌 ... #fashion #fashionista #fashionblogger #fashionable #fashiondiaries #fashionweek #fashionstyle #fashiondesigner #fashiondesign #fashionillustration #fashionillustrator #illustration #illustrator #art #artist #artwork #women #womensfashion #igers #picoftheday #love #like4like  #drawing #girl #follow #followme #ArmeniaA post shared by  EdgaR_ArtiS (@edgar_artis) on Mar 16, 2016 at 5:05am PDTDress made of butter.My personal favorite because French fries with ketchup will always be my late night go-to. Who loves fries ?? 😄😂 ... #fashion #fashionista #fashionblogger #fashionable #fashiondiaries #fashionweek #fashionstyle #fashiondesigner #fashiondesign #fashionillustration #fashionillustrator #illustration #illustrator #art #artist #artwork #women #womensfashion #igers #picoftheday #love #like4like  #drawing #girl #follow #followme #ArmeniaA post shared by  EdgaR_ArtiS (@edgar_artis) on Mar 3, 2016 at 3:56am PSTFollow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Delish US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"I was not slimmed down on the cover..."Ashley Graham covers Maxim's April issue, which should be a totally celebration since she's the first plus-size model to cover the mag. But it's come with a bit of controversy. After seeing Ashley on the cover and in the inside shots, fans cried "photoshop," saying she looks slimmer on the pages than she does IRL, or in other campaigns. Now, Ashley is addressing the backlash. She released a statement saying that she does NOT feel like her body looks different and she's happy with the photos. "I'm beyond proud to be the first curvy woman on the cover of Maxim. I was not slimmed down on the cover, and Gilles Bensimon did an amazing job capturing my true figure in all of the photos. This is another major advancement for curvy women, especially those who work in the fashion industry who are working hard to get the recognition they deserve. I now encourage more publications and designers to put more diversity on their covers and runways. Let's continue to show that beautiful bodies come in different sizes and they should all be celebrated."A flawless response, but we wouldn't expect anything else from her. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			IT'S OFFICIALLY THE FUTURE, PEOPLE.Online shopping has improved drastically in the last few years. Those little videos of the models actually moving while wearing the clothes? Super helpful. But we're about to see the biggest technological advancement yet: 3D online shopping. Chinese e-commerce emporium Alibaba, which has 400 million users, is setting up a research lab to test out virtual reality technology for shoppers, according to Bloomberg. The company has already created 3D visuals for hundreds of products, according to the report. Other than that, very few details are available. Maybe it'll be something like this? Either way, your online shopping habit is about to get way more extreme.From: Marie Claire US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The brand switched it up after fans complained the models didn't represent them. Back in February, Forever 21 launched a new Instagram account for its plus-size collection, something fans of the brand have wanted for a long time. But it didn't go as expected. Most of the Insta pics were of F21+ models wearing the clothes, and many girls thought the models looked way too small and didn't represent them. F21 heard the backlash and has now totally switched up the account.Gone are the models, and in place of them are real girls — bloggers, celebs, and customers. You'll spot some of your fave influencers (including Dounia Tazi above) and blogger Gabi Gregg. Some of the previous photos have been deleted. A rep for Forever 21 told Racked that it's listening to its customers, saying: "We always appreciate our customers reaching out when they have a concern and therefore have removed some of the images and are working to ensure all of our future posts accurately represent the Forever 21 Plus customer. As a majority of the content on our social media accounts is user generated by our loyal customers, we encourage them to continue to share their own photos to provide a true representation of our clothing, embracing beauty in all shapes and sizes."And comments on posts have gotten better. Girls are saying, "Probably the best #plussize fashion you've posted," and "I love that top, that girl is beautiful." Still, you won't be able to please everyone. Some pics, including the one below, have comments that say things like, "When this is considered plus size?" But remember: girls come in ALL shapes and sizes and a size 12 or 14 or 16 might look totally different on you than it does on another girl. What's important is that you see yourself represented in the media, not the number that's on your — or the model's — tag. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"Your worth is not judged by anybody else's opinion."Instagram star and curvy model, Iskra Lawrence, has made it her mission to spread acceptance of bodies of all shapes and sizes. She's been the star of multiple un-retouched Aerie campaigns, but she's still had her fair share of body-shamers along the way. In a recent video on her weekly web series Ask Iskra for RunwayRiot, she answered the question: How do you deal with people who think skinny is better? Her answer, of course, is super inspiring:"The thing is, with the world everyone is going to have a different opinion on what beautiful is and have a preference and instead of worrying about whether someone prefers you being skinny or thick, or curvy, or tall, or – you know – brown hair, or blonde hair, whatever it is," she said. "Just remember that you're beautiful because you are you."  ✨💕 so you heard that thick thighs save lives.. So do skinny ones and wobbly ones and beautiful ones covered in⚡️⚡️⚡️ disguised as "stretch marks" because they belong to these amazing strong women who have something only they can give to the world.. Don't wake up and worry about your thigh gap wake up and think about how you are gonna take on the world today💫😚💕✨A post shared by  Iskra ✨ (@iskra) on Nov 6, 2015 at 10:55am PSTShe continued: "And your worth is not judged by anybody else's opinion, your worth is yourself. You decide if you're beautiful and you feel beautiful, because it's actually more about who you are, not just what you look like. So that's just how I deal with it. I um – you know, people tell me all the time on social media hateful things, but it doesn't affect me, because I'm Iskra and I know I'm special for more reasons than just what I look like."PREACH GIRL YES! 🙌 Check out the full video below!Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			That syrup drip, though.If you take Sunday brunch as seriously as we do, then you might want to consider picking up your next pair of kicks from Nike. The brand's latest release is a super creative take on everyone's favorite sweet-and-savory dish: chicken and waffles. Decked out with a waffle-textured tan upper, maple-gold sole, and a syrup-dripped take on the trademark swoosh, the new Chicken and Waffles edition of the Nike SB Dunk High is by far the most unique food-related apparel we've ever seen.According to Sneaker News, the new release won't be available until early next month, but you might want to jot down the style code (313171-722) so you can order them ASAP once they drop. We have a feeling these aren't going to last long — much like the Southern-fried favorite dish, once it arrives at your table.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram.From: Delish US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Fans are not happy.Ashley Graham has been on a nonstop slay tour this year and her latest stop is on the cover of Maxim magazine's April issue. She told the magazine that "My life, lately, is naked," and accordingly, the cover image doesn't stray from that. She's pictured holding a white button-down shirt in front of her naked body. So, yeah, that's naked for ya!  💥@maximmag💥 📸@gilles_bensimon 💇🏽@oribecanales 💄@leslielopezmakeupartist 👗 @christianssonparis #beautybeyondsizeA post shared by  A S H L E Y  G R A H A M (@ashleygraham) on Mar 28, 2016 at 10:14am PDTAnyway, Ashley posted the cover on Instagram today to break the news, but fans were not happy."Too much photoshop," wrote one commenter. "@theashleygraham you're an ambassador for curvy girls and self esteem building. Than you get photoshopped to look like eva mendes. Just be true to what u believe in and what you're trying to encourage.""Gorgeous but I hate how they photoshopped the shit out of you for this cover was not necessary we want you for you!" wrote another. "Compared to the pics she posted from her #additionelle line, these look crazy photoshopped and that makes me sad," reads another comment. "Maxim should have done better at representing the woman she is."Take a look at an image from Ashley's latest Addition Elle campaign next to her Maxim cover and see how they compare:Commenters complained about the fact that Ashley appears slimmer on her cover than IRL, plus the fact that she might have a "third boob" in the center of her chest, as well as the fact that her leg looks to have been airbrushed to look skinnier. No doubt she still looks gorgeous, on the cover and inside the magazine's pages. Ashley shared more shots from her spread and they're just as fab: More from @maximmag shot by @gilles_bensimon!! Wearing my #AshleyGrahamXSwimsuitsForAll swim collection to be launched in May!!A post shared by  A S H L E Y  G R A H A M (@ashleygraham) on Mar 28, 2016 at 11:00am PDTAaand, I think we can all agree that Ashley Graham is the last person on earth to need Photoshopping of any kind. From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Cher's trendsetting powers were even stronger than you thought. It's not just us normal people whose style has been significantly influenced by Clueless. The movie's iconic '90s wardrobe has had a broad-reaching effect all the way up to the highest authorities in fashion. In a recent post on her website, Kendall Jenner revealed that Chanel designer Karl Lagerfeld was so inspired by Cher and Dionne's gold chain accessories that he made his own. Remember the ones they so casually used to carry their cell phone and water bottle to gym class? Jenner also let us in on another fashion fun fact about Cher's famous Calvin Klein dress. Apparently, the LWD became so widely popular and sought after in the decade following the film's release that the brand reissued the style in 2010. We think it's about time for a second revival, don't you? Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Harper's BAZAAR US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Ted Cruz, Donald Trump, Sarah Palin — the choice is yours. You've seen the super innovative period undies that absorb your period blood without needing pads or tampons. Now, another brand is taking the design up a notch, by allowing you to free bleed right onto a picture of politicians who don't support women's reproductive rights. Totally genius. Buzzfeed reports that Cute Fruit Undies is now making a line of underwear called Bloody Marys. They absorb your period blood, and keep leaks from happening. There's even a detachable heat pack to help soothe your cramps.All of this awesome-ness WITH a politicians face sewn right onto the crotch. At this time, there are nine politicians to choose from, but the company is happy to consider others. These politicians have notoriously bad records when it comes to women's rights, including Ohio Governor John Kasich who signed a bill to defund Planned Parenthood, and Texas Senator and Republican Presidential Nominee Ted Cruz who opposes abortion even in cases of rape and incest and has also called to defund Planned Parenthood and women's access to birth control all together. Not only are the panties both useful and statement-making, but they're charitable, too. Three dollars from each sale goes straight to Planned Parenthood, so all women can have affordable access to birth control, receive cervical cancer screenings, STI treatment, etc. etc. The undies are really cute, too. And you can even buy a matching crop top for them!Cute Fruit Undies High-Waist Period Panties come in sizes XS to XL for $19.99 each on etsy.com. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Yes, girl.Ariel Winter, Patron Saint of Always Looking Stunning AF and Also Not Being Here for Your Sexist Bullshit, celebrated Easter Sunday by slaying in a low-cut white dress. She captioned the photo, "#HappyEaster!" and included a rabbit and candy emoji to make it extra adorable. From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Trust.When I first saw that Singapore designer Soo Kyung Bae had designed jewelry meant to be worn in the space between your thighs, I was horrified. I mean, the thigh gap obsession has been out of control for a while now, but jewelry? WAY too far! And $180-$195? Nope. Well, it turns out, the jewelry isn't real! Even though the website looks legit, when you try to buy an item, or click on any of the social pages like Instagram, you get redirected to a new website explaining the deal. It reads: "TGap Jewellery is a fictional company that sells jewelleries designed for thigh gaps. It is launched to catalyze a debate on unrealistic body image social media portrays."The site also quotes Tania Heller, Medical Director of Washington Center for Eating Disorders and Adolescent Obesity in Bethesda about the trend, saying: "There's an increased trend in which girls and women are engaging in extreme dieting in pursuit of a so-called thigh gap." Of course some girls have a thigh gap naturally — since it's really only about your bone structure — and this jewelry isn't meant to shame them. Instead, it's meant to start a conversation about the dangerous lengths some girls go to achieve one. Soo Kyung explained more about the message behind fictional jewelry brand to Dezeen.com. "[The] thigh gap represents one of the first few trends regarding body ideals the media has popularized," she says. "It clearly demonstrates media's power on influencing one's perception of body image.""By using outrageous products, I hope to bring a provocative jolt that leads us to ponder and reflect upon what we are like as a society and the absurd things we value and obsess over – as well as how this creates unnecessary pressure for women and girls," she added. I'm thinking she'll definitely get people talking about a really important subject. And isn't that the point of art?Follow @Seventeen on Instagram.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"If Adele is Topshop's no.1 right now then maybe they should start making clothes in her size."It's no secret that the whole entire world loves Adele. We love Adele, our mom loves Adele, our great Aunty Sue who carries her pet lizard around in public loves Adele. Oh, and the people who work at Topshop, well they also happen to love Adele. Topshop loves her so much in fact, that they wrote a blog listing the 6 reasons why they love her. But it's majorly pissed off some Twitter users. Fans have been blasting Topshop for claiming that they love Adele, but not making clothes to fit plus-size women, or featuring any plus-size models in their campaigns.Currently, Topshop only stocks clothes ranging from sizes 0-12.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Sugarscape		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Prom 2016 means a whole lot of sparkle!Prom is the magical time of year a girl gets to live her dream of dressing like a princess, wearing lust-worthy heels and getting glammed up, Kylie Jenner style. There are so many gorgeous options, though, it's basically impossible to choose. Should you go classic and elegant with minimal makeup and an a soft updo? Or full-out bombshell with messy curls and a cut-out gown? We feel your pain, sister, so we've tracked down the prom hairstyles, makeup looks, nail designs, and dress trends everyone is obsessing over on Pinterest. Let the planning commence.1. Braided 'dos2. '40s-inspired waves3. Pretty buns1. Neutral with a pop2. Crimson lips1. Nude with metallic accents2. Nude and glitter1. High-neck2. Sheer sleeves3. Backless1. Strappy2. NeutralsFollow @Seventeen on Instagram.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			This is a major step for cruelty-free fashion.Giorgio Armani announced today that the Armani Group will stop using fur in all of its products in agreement with the Humane Society of the United States and the Fur Free Alliance. The eight labels included are Giorgio Armani, Armani Collezioni, Emporio Armani, Armani Privé, AJ Armani Jeans, A/X Armani Exchange, Armani Junior, and Armani Casa. The change will go into effect with the group's fall 2016 collections."I am pleased to announce that the Armani Group has made a firm commitment to abolish the use of animal fur in its collections," Armani says in a statement to WWD, "Technological progress made over the years allows us to have valid alternatives at our disposition that render the use of cruel practices unnecessary as regards animals. Pursuing the positive process undertaken long ago, my company is now taking a major step ahead, reflecting our attention to the critical issues of protecting and caring for the environment and animals."This is a major step for cruelty-free fashion, especially coming from a brand that PETA has called out in campaigns and protests for using fur. Armani joins a growing list of fur-free fashion brands including H&M, J.Crew, Calvin Klein, Ralph Lauren, Tibi, and Topshop.HSUS is hoping other companies will follow suit. P.J. Smith, HSUS's corporate engagement manager says, "The HSUS calls on all designers who close their eyes to the cruelty behind fur in the name of creative freedom and luxury to follow Armani and embrace innovative alternatives."Bring on the faux.From: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Get new clothes sent right to your door in 60 minutes or less!We've all been there: It's Saturday night and you're about to head out with your friends. Piles of rejected clothes cover every available surface, because as of 10 minutes ago, you've decided you hate everything you own. You wish you could just buy a new outfit before you go out, but of course, nothing is open. Thankfully American Apparel has solved the problem for good. They just announced that they've teamed up with Postmates to start an instant fashion delivery service that'll make last-minute shopping a breeze. It will work kind of like ordering a pizza, and you'll get your clothes in 60 minutes or less.Sadly, though, you can't order every single American Apparel product. You can only get clothes from their basics collection, which includes tees, leggings, dresses, sweatshirts, pants, and bodysuits – so, still a lot of stuff.American Apparel tested out the new delivery service in San Francisco and NYC before deciding to  take it nationwide. It will soon be available in 31 metropolitan areas from 79 stores across the U.S. Like ordering a pizza, the delivery charge is pretty cheap. It'll only set you back $1.99 for an hour-or-less delivery, a major bargain compared to their normal 5-7 business day delivery, which is $5. So feel free to put off your outfit planning until the last second, American Apparel is here to help.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			And they're affordable! If you're someone who is always spilling your morning coffee all over your pants, Old Navy's newest jeans were made for you. The company has taken its mid-rise, super-skinny jeans and made them stain repellant. Yes, you can officially wear white pants without worry.Racked.com reports that whatever you spill (coffee, ketchup, etc) beads up, preventing a major stain. And if the stain is just too aggressive, you can wash them in the washing machine inside-out with cold water to get rid of the stain. The technology is supposed to last through 20 washes, so they're especially perfect if you're someone who doesn't like to wash your jeans very often. We definitely are going to want to try these out. The Mid-Rise Stay-White Rockstar Super Skinny Jeans come in sizes 0-20 and retail for $44.94 in Old Navy stores and Oldnavy.com. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			You'll need a heavy-duty pocket protector for this one.Remember when that pizza necklace went viral? Well that portable pouch made for your cheesy slice is getting one-upped by a new, even more hilarious accessory that will feed your 'za addiction. It's a crisp, dressy button-up complete with a pocket perfectly sized for a regular slice. (Though math skills have taught us the triangle method is not the best way to cut a pizza, but we digress.) The Pizza Pocket Shirt is a concept that makes us smile for a few reasons: It's genius but at the same time totally absurd — I mean, you'd need a heavy-duty pocket protector to shield your shirt (and skin) from all the grease. Yet we can't stop thinking about how convenient it would be to grab your lunch from a breast pocket instead of a nerdy lanyard. Though it might come as a surprise to some, this is hardly the first time food and fashion have collided. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram.From: Delish US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			This is pretty infuriating. By now you've probably seen most of Calvin Klein's #MyCalvins ad campaign, at least the ones featuring Kendall Jenner and Justin Bieber. Each ad has a sometimes-racy photo of one of the celebs with a Mad Lib-style quote across it. One of Kendall's says: "I stand tall in #mycalvins" while another says she "poses." Justin's say things like: "I glow in #mycalvins" and that he "dreams" in them. There are also pics featuring other celebs, including Fetty Wap, FKA Twigs, and Klara Kristin. All fine and good, nothing really of concern. But an NYC billboard featuring two of the ads side-by-side has sparked a debate about whether the campaign is actually pretty sexist. See for yourself. Heidi Zak, the co-founder and CEO of lingerie brand ThirdLove, is NOT happy with way women are being portrayed in the #MyCalvins campaign. The billboard she saw featured actress Klara Kristin in a very short dress with the text "I seduce in #mycalvins", alongside rapper Fetty Wap's headshot with the text "I make money in #mycalvins." Heidi penned an open letter to Calvin Klein's CEO, as well as started a Change.org petition, asking the brand to remove the "sexist" billboard. "The billboard propagates an archaic and offensive gender stereotype that women are nothing more than sexual objects, while men are the breadwinners," Heidi writes. "Calvin Klein has a vast assortment of content for this campaign, so we find it appalling that the company chose to put these two images side by side in one of the most highly visible intersections in the country."She's saying that the company could have chosen dozens of other pairings for this billboard that wouldn't have had a sexist feel. So, was it purposeful or just poor choice in which ads to feature next to each other? In the above video, Heidi interviews men and women in NYC's Soho neighborhood to gauge their reactions to the billboard. The response was overwhelmingly negative. "It enforced really unfortunate stereotypes" says one woman, while a guy adds: "It's a double standard and not one we should put out there like this." Now, the billboard has been taken down, but apparently not because of the petition. The Calvin Klein PR team issued a statement to Refinery29.com, which reads: "This billboard was taken down overnight as part of the planned rotation of our spring 2016 advertising campaign. We take all of our consumers' concerns seriously and as a global brand, we promote gender equality and the breakdown of gender stereotypes across the world."Is it too late? The viral hashtag #MoreThanMyUnderwear popped up on Twitter even after the billboard was removed. One example, below. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The company has since pulled it from racks.The ever-growing popularity of the gluten-free diet has given it an odd spin, with the restrictions becoming commonplace. Taking that one step further (or much too far, some might argue) — Zara designed a graphic tee around the now trendy diet. It reads "Are you gluten free?" And it has totally ignited the celiac-sensitive community. Since it began selling the shirt, Zara has come under pretty heavy fire — so harsh that the company finally decided to pull it from store racks. Critics call the tee a poor choice because for many people, "gluten free" isn't just a lifestyle choice but a potentially dangerous health concern and dietary necessity. And so those in the celiac community unleashed their outrage with the brand, starting a change.org petition that has garnered more than 50,000 signatures, Munchies reports. The petition motioned for Zara to remove the item and apologize, saying it was far from cool for Zara to "trivialize a health problem."Visto en @ZARA 😄 #glutenfree #singluten #spotted pic.twitter.com/Hh6fftDkhAZara has since apologized, issuing the following statement:  "The T-shirt mentioned in this petition was pulled from our online store a few weeks ago now and we are currently confirming that it is not for sale in our stores either. We sincerely regret that this case might be interpreted as a trivialization of coeliac disease, the absolute opposite of our intentions."Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Delish US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Its hidden pocket is not for your keys. Last spring, mother of two Jennifer Cutrona was randomly attacked by a man lurking along the wooded path where she was running, according to Fox59. Like most women who run alone, she was completely unarmed — and felt lucky to get away from the perp in one piece.The next day, Cutrona sewed a sheath into her sports bra so she could carry a knife whenever she hits the trails alone. Now she's patented her design (as seen above) and gone into production selling supportive sports bras that allow you to safely secure a small knife or a pocket-size pepper spray to your body and make it easily accessible for an effective defense. Just In Case Knife Bras, ($54.99 plus $12.99 for the knife), and Just In Case Pepper Spray Bras ($49.99 plus $11.99 for the pepper gel) are now available at BoobyTrapBras.com.While it's preeeetty ridiculous that women who run have to protect themselves from anything besides a running injury — damn you, shin splits! — the sad truth is that you really can't call this bra line a bad idea. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Jillian Mercado slays, OK. Two very important, very exciting things just happened on Beyonce.com and, Beyhive, brace yourselves. Queen Bey just launched a new line of Formation clothing and merchandise (you're seriously going to want to buy everything and then Instagram it) and cast Jillian Mercado, the amazingly inspirational blogger and model with muscular dystrophy, to model in the new campaign. Jillian slays in T-shirts and sweatshirts with lyrics from recent Beyoncé singles such as "I twirl on them haters" and "Fresher than you." Jillian took to Instagram to announce her excitement for the project and said, "OK LADIES now let's get in FORMATION! So BEYond excited to finally announce that I'm on the official @beyonce website!!! A special shout out to Queen Bee herself and the amazing team behind it 👑" OK LADIES now let's get in FORMATION! So BEYond excited to finally announce that I'm on the official @beyonce website!!! A special shout out to Queen Bee herself and the amazing team behind it 👑 Photography by the most wonderful @danielavesco, Makeup @jamiebeaute, & Hair @jenniferjocelyn 🐝 #slay #formation #jillianmercadoA post shared by  Jillian Mercado (@jillianmercado) on Mar 15, 2016 at 1:40pm PDTNow excuse me while I go buy a tote that says, "I got hot sauce in my bag."From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Keep slayin', ladies. Even though the body positivity movement is roaring, plus-size girls still face serious stereotyping. An amazing video just completely shut down all those ridiculous thoughts and it's currently going viral. The video lists all the negative, false things people say about plus-size girl – they never work out, they can't be on magazine covers, they should only wear black because it's supposed to be slimming – and shows videos and pictures of real plus-size women proving those stereotypes wrong. It features plus-size models, actresses, and bloggers, including Loey Lane, a blogger who went viral for her anti-body-shaming video. Check out the video below and prepare for some major body ~love~. The takeaway: girls of all shapes and sizes *sLaY*.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			"Girls, wear whatever the hell you want." Sara Petty is not one to let Internet trolls tell her how to dress. The 19-year-old is a Public Relations major at Bowling Green University in Ohio and also a talented blogger who writes on The Odyssey Online about topics relating to young women, like sex, love, and body image.Most recently, she tackled a subject that many of us have to struggle with: People telling women of a certain size what they shouldn't wear, like bikinis, crop-tops, booty-shorts, and leggings. So she rocked all of those clothes with a big old smile on her face, snapped pics, and posted them on Twitter next to a collage of heinous remarks by Internet trolls saying things like "If you're 200 pounds, maybe a bikini isn't for you," and "You over 200 pounds and got the audacity to wear a crop top..." In addition to empowering women to wear whatever they want, she also reminded her readers that all of those horrible comments came from women. We need to push each other up, not tear each other down!Petty said that while she got her "fair-share of bodyshamers," most of the feedback has been overwhelmingly positive, and has even helped her overcome some of her own insecurities.  "The post helped me become a little bit more OK with seeing that number on the scale, and I hoped that it would help other girls, too," she said. "I hope that my post moved us just one step closer to being a society where girls can wear what they please without being afraid of ridicule."Thanks for the inspiration, Sara — you rock!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			This is so messed up. The fashion world is making major strides when it comes to Muslim women, with companies like H&M, Uniqlo, and Dolce and Gabbana selling high-fashion hijab lines. But sadly, not everyone is on board with the Muslim fashion world. The Cut reports that several high-profile fashion brands and bloggers have been hacked on Instagram. Australian journalist Jennine Khalik pointed out the hack on Tuesday, noting that the hackers were posting Donald Trump videos on at least one account, and emailing fashion houses with anti-Muslim messages.The Hijab House Instagram account is now completely blank, with just one follower. The hacker, with the username blurryxans, took the brand's 162,000 followers, made the account private, and, it appears, deleted all the photos.One popular Instagrammer posted that she was hacked and her account was given the new name @BlackXans. Instagram has yet to reinstate her account, so she had to start a new one. Hi Beauties, yep my account got hacked and i made this as backup. Please follow @thehijabee in the meantime Thank you 😘A post shared by  I Got Hacked Again (@nabiilabee_) on Mar 15, 2016 at 3:09pm PDT Good Morning guys just to confirm I haven't got my account back yet its just not private anymore. I will be sending updates on here and my twitter @nabiilabeeA post shared by  I Got Hacked Again (@nabiilabee_) on Mar 16, 2016 at 1:22am PDTMaria Moufid, who runs the account @hijabmuslim, says a hacker targeted her with a fake message saying her account was ready to be verified. If you get a mail like this!! Don't enter your password,this is how they hack!!A post shared by  Hijabfashion (@hijabmuslim) on Mar 15, 2016 at 7:07am PDTSome hackers have demanded a ransom, and others have simply said there's nothing the bloggers can do. But all of the affected users are demanding Instagram take action to restore their accounts. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			I can't with this. CANNOT. If a plus-size shopper logs onto Wish.com and wants to see some cute clothes, they're in for a seriously rude surprise. The website is actually labeling a LOT of its plus clothes with "Fat" in the style names. See above, the "Fat Dress Lady's OL Knee Length Dress." What are they thinking?!Mic.com reports that the site had been labeling clothes "Fat Lady," but it looks like Wish.com has since done a little damage control, changing some style names. But not all of them have been changed, as you can see from the screenshot above. Here's one that has been changed. This was the "Women Fashion Fat Lady Printing Slim A-line Dress Plus Size Turn-down Collar" yesterday: And here is the listing today: The positive change the company is making might be little too late, though. Many people have taken to Twitter to voice how upset they are to see clothes labeled in such an offensive way. @WishShopping really wish, fat lady listings?! Despicable. pic.twitter.com/WEbSB1Bp5tIt's important to note that many plus-size bloggers and models have reclaimed the word "fat," including Tess Holliday and Gabi Gregg, who started the "fat-kini" bathing suit movement. This website is not doing that, though. It's the same company that marketed plus-size shorts in SUCH an offensive way. And it looks like its doing the same with skirts. Do better, Wish. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram for more body-pos news. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Read this if you're planning on hitting a music festival. If you're feeling a little flower crown fatigue after rocking them for a few years, NastyGal is here to the rescue with the coolest new way to wear flowers this summer. The company teamed up with artist Felisa Funes of LA flower shop Of The Flowers to create an actual flower choker. It's two major trends colliding in one magical accessory.If you're feeling crafty, you can make one yourself. The NastyGal blog has a tutorial from Felisa that actually looks pretty do-able. You just need pipe cleaners, a mix of flowers, floral glue, and ribbon. You can get really creative because the chokers aren't supposed to be perfect. It's an awesome project for your next girls' night in. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram for more fashion tips. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			A simple trend you can actually afford. Unlike the ridiculous platform heels you "invested" in circa 2012, here's a trend you won't feel guilty about later. Spotted on It bloggers, editors, and street style stars everywhere, a simple black ribbon fashioned into a choker is an easy accessory that works with anyone's style. And since it costs less than five bucks, you might as well give it a shot!Wrap it multiple times and knot it in front for a modern bolo tie, or wear it as a choker like The Blonde Salad's Chiara Ferragni. Could this be the most accessible trend we've seen since Adidas' Stan Smith sneakers? All signs point to yes.  Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Who signed off on this?Graphic tees can be so fun. It's like, if you wanna wear a shirt but also wanna make a cool, funny statement, a graphic T-shirt has all your bases covered. What could go wrong!?A LOT. A lot could go wrong. Why? Because there are some very dumb people in this world who think it's totally chill and fine to create a shirt for men that basically makes a punchline out of rape! Available now at Forever 21, an incredibly rape-y men's t-shirt:... I just. How? Who? Why? Surely it took multiple people to make this shirt happen. Surely there were several sets of eyes within Forever 21's infrastructure who saw this slogan and said yup, looks good before it went up on the site for sale. Surely at least ONE of those people might've had a conscience, or the brainpower to think critically about this slogan, and say hey guys, wait a minute, does this maybe come across as rape-y? But no! I guess not! Because now, for just $19.99, you can be the owner of maybe the worst T-shirt I've literally ever seen in my life. Literally what was Forever 21 thinking with this one? Here's to hoping no one buys this shirt, or god forbid, thinks it's funny and wears it. The only acceptable use for this shirt is as kindling in a fire. Update 3/14, 6:30 p.m.: Forever 21 has removed the rape-y graphic T-shirt from its website, and offered the following statement. "Forever 21 strives to exemplify the highest ethical standards and takes feedback and product concerns very seriously. With regards to the t-shirt in question, upon receiving feedback from our customers, we took immediate action to have it removed from our website. We sincerely apologize to anyone who was offended by the product."From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Perfection.Ariana Grande did double duty on last night's Saturday Night Live. The superstar ponytail-haver was both host and musical guest and she KILLED IT. Like, all caps and in bold. She was amazing. She even worked her way gracefully through what appeared to be a wardrobe malfunction at the top of "Dangerous Woman," the first single off her new album of the same name. As she begins to belt out the song, her black jacket starts sliding off her arms and although she tries valiantly, she can't get it to stay put. Of course, she handles it like the poised pop princess she is and the performance moved forward without further incident. Praise hands for Ariana's A++ stage presence. (Oh, and that voice isn't so bad, either.)Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			And just look at those trainers.It's finally here! Kylie Jenner just debuted her campaign for Puma Fierce, a new "lightweight trainer with zero excuses" that'll "drop" (AKA be for sale) starting April 1st. Of course, the star of the show is the shoes, and they are pretty dope looking. Maybe they'll be the new Yeezy boosts and we'll all have to murder each other for a pair? May the odds be ever in your favor! (And by your favor, I mean my own.) (Good luck!!!)And never forget Kyle wearing the Puma underwear as a bikini:I mean, how could you forget?Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The orange carpet is on FIRE!The orange carpet is on FIRE!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Watch Kylie and a medicine ball work it on set.Kylie Jenner is currently hard at work on a mysterious set for Puma's upcoming Spring/Summer women's training campaign, set to launch on Apr. 1. Staying on brand with Kylie and her impeccable social media skills, Puma took to its official Snapchat to document this morning's top secret shoot, which included a purple tank, a medicine ball, some cute and colorful shorts, and what appears to be a lot of body oil (because sweat). Of course, Puma kept the most important part of the campaign — the shoes — under wraps. Good work everyone, but especially Puma's Snapchat person for the cute scribbles and subtle use of arms and cameras to block whatever's on Kylie's feet. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram!From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Still, bullies loved me.It all started with an idea: "Let's dress wacky for a day!" I was in eighth grade, and my best friend was visiting for the holiday break. She happily agreed, so we headed to the mall in wacky clothing, which, to me, meant fun, colorful, and bright. It was a stark contrast from my usual boring jeans and T-shirt look. I wore striped socks with a tutu skirt and multiple shirts layered on top of one another. As mismatched at the outfit was, there was something about it that I liked.That one wacky outfit started a lifelong love affair with alternative fashion. I didn't want it to just be a passing phase. Despite the many people who stared and yelled obscene comments at me as I walked through the mall that day, it was the happiest I'd felt in a long time. I'd always felt that plain clothing was boring. It lacked pizzazz and personality. I didn't want to specifically be seen as different–it was just a coincidence that the outfits I liked to put together weren't mainstream.Despite the many people who stared and yelled obscene comments at me as I walked through the mall that day, it was the happiest I'd felt in a long time.Several weeks after my initial wacky outfit debut, I did the craziest thing imaginable: I wore what I actually wanted to wear to middle school. I put on my striped socks and layers of colorful bracelets, well knowing that I'd be stared at. Kids at my middle school were teased for wearing anything outside the norm, or even for shopping at Wal-Mart and thrift stores. But I put on a brave face, and I walked into school.Eighth graders know no bounds when it comes to bullying. I was tormented relentlessly, but I continued wearing what I wanted. Kids laughed, pointed at me in the halls, and asked me where I got my clothes from (online, local homemade sellers, Delia's, Forever 21).I began waiting out the rest of the year in silence as I applied to an alternative high school to study veterinary science. Only two of my classmates from middle school were also going to that high school, and it came with a bonus: I could get away from the bullies who'd been torturing me.When I started high school, I quickly earned the nickname "The Tutu Girl" from the upperclassmen. I was so well-known that friends of friends would see me at family holiday parties and say, "My son goes to your high school, and he said everyone knows you. You're that tutu girl, right?" As a part of a graduating class of just over one hundred people, I was impossible to miss.Luckily, my high school (unlike middle school) was one of the quirkiest regional agricultural  schools in the area, but public opinion was still starkly divided. By my first month in, rumors had circulated that I wore rainbow striped socks because I was gay, and other people talked about how my mom died and I was wearing these clothes in memory of her. (Little did they know, my mom was a no-makeup, jeans-and-a-sweatshirt woman her entire life.)But I wasn't insulted by the rumors. I enjoyed dressing up on a daily basis, and I knew that high schoolers have a tendency to spread rumors about each other whether someone is wearing tutus to class or not. If I was going to be talked about either way, I'd at least give them something interesting to discuss.I knew that high schoolers have a tendency to spread rumors about each other whether someone is wearing tutus to class or not. As I progressed from high school to college, fewer and fewer people cared enough to say anything about my clothing. I still got the occasional stares, but most of the other people on campus affectionately expected my colorful tulle skirts, tiny hats, cat ear headbands, and ombre purple hair.  At my college graduation, I even affixed three-dimensional lace cat ears to my graduation cap so that they showed in my photos.Dressing this way gives me a reason to be excited to get up in the morning, which was one of my original reasons for doing it. It fosters and nurtures my creative spirit, and allows me to utilize my love of visual design on a daily basis. Since May, I've been a working professional, and in September, I also started graduate school, so I try to toe the line on what's considerate appropriate. I haven't ditched the tulle skirts, but I don't pair them with striped socks when I'm attending an interview. I've left the world of middle and high school, so I'm no longer bullied, but I can't leave the house without at least being complimented, stared at, or asked what occasion I'm dressed for by strangers.People who don't know me have made many assumptions about me simply because of my style: That I'm LGBTQ, that I watch anime, that I'm a Lolita, that I want to be a living doll, that I'm an artist, that I'm a witch, or that I'm in costume on my way to a convention. The list is endless. I've been told by many friends – after our relationship developed and we became close – that the only reason they spoke to me at first was because of my outfits. By earning nicknames and being known for something, I've become more of an icon than just another person in class or at the office. They don't see me as just Alaina, the aspiring publishing superstar, the editor, the social media guru, the writer. They see me as the Tutu Girl, the Rainbow Girl, the Girl with the Purple Hair. I've become little more than a punchline to some, and an inspiration to others. And maybe that's not such a bad thing, after all.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			So rude!A pair of plus-size shorts was recently advertised on Wish.com for a mere $9. That's insane! You know what's even more insane? The way they were modeled.As you can see above, instead of shooting the shorts on a woman who would fit them or lying them flat and shooting them as a still-life, the marketing geniuses who created this listing chose to shoot a skinny model wearing one of the legs of the shorts as a skirt.The brand is not listed on the site, but, as Hello Giggles pointed out when they reported on this story, this tactic was used by China-based brand Herry He's Store last year. It's also worth noting that product images used by Herry He's Store are displayed in the related products section of the Wish.com listing. Although it is impossible to tell who is responsible for creating the insensitive shorts ad, at least some of the blame must fall on Wish.com, which approves every image that goes up on their site. All e-commerce sites employ people to approve images. It is essential when images are being uploaded by companies outside the site itself.  It probably doesn't explicitly violate any rules at the site, but it is still rude. Not to mention completely unnecessary. Why bully shoppers in this way? What is the benefit, exactly?Then again, they did manage to sell out. It's amazing what people are willing to put up with to save a few bucks. From: Cosmopolitan US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			See the offending shirt. You might not know who artist Dana Veraldi is, but you probably recognize her shirts under the label DeerDana. Celebs including Rowan Blanchard, Joe Jonas, and Justin Bieber have been known to rock her awesome tees that feature her own drawings of contemporary icons.  Good morning famA post shared by  DEERDANA (@deerdana) on Feb 28, 2016 at 8:25am PSTAnd now she's accusing NastyGal of ripping off her designs. Racked reports that Dana posted a screenshot of a tee features on NastyGal's site to her Instagram with the caption: "Cute shirt @nastygal 🤔#notdeerdana #biter #copy #fake #aww" Oops.  Cute shirt @nastygal 🤔 #notdeerdana #biter #copy #fake #awwA post shared by  DEERDANA (@deerdana) on Mar 8, 2016 at 7:33am PSTThe shirt in question is the above Style Stalker Johnny Muscle Tank that's on sale for $78 on Nastygal.com. It features a similar sketch as Dana's celebs with the name underneath, though Dana doesn't sell a Johnny Depp tee specifically. Fans of DeerDana jumped to her defense, commenting: "this makes me so angry" and "so disgraceful... What's even worse is the missed opportunity of having a truly#girlboss collab." No comment from NastyGal as of yet. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram for more fashion news. 		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Remember hair feathers? Remember hair feathers? Selena GomezLeighton MeesterDemi LovatoKim KardashianAriel WinterLucy HaleCara DelevingneTaylor SwiftBella ThorneNicki MinajAshley TisdaleBlake LivelyVanessa HudgensKaty PerryHilary Duff		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			She marked the occasion at the brand's show in Paris.Willow Smith has just gotten the official Karl Lagerfeld endorsement. The 15-year-old, who joins the ranks of Kristen Stewart and Blake Lively, took to Instagram today to announce her new gig as Chanel ambassador. (This *would* definitely be the time to whip your hair back and forth, Willow.) In a statement, Chanel detailed the affinity the Willow has with the brand: "The young singer, songwriter, actress, and trendsetter has been wearing Chanel for public appearances since 2013 and her first encounter with Karl Lagerfeld was in 2014 when he photographed her for the American magazine V. She was notably present at the Chanel Fall-Winter 2016/17 Ready-to-Wear show presented this morning at the Grand Palais."Willow Smith: accomplishing more at 15 than many have in a lifetime.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram.From: Marie Claire US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			People are seriously upset. While some runway shows have embraced diversity when it comes to race and body types, Balenciaga Paris is being slammed for going in the opposite direction: showcasing 44 outfits in its Paris Fashion Week runway show and not using one model of color. Demna Gvasalia is the current artistic director of Balenciaga, having taken over for designer Alexander Wang this October. Celebs including Lorde are big fans of Gvasalia from when he was one of the designers for the brand Vetements. This runway show was set to be a big success and the front row was star-studded. And in most ways it was a success, but many are seeing its lack of diversity as a really huge problem that's still happening in the fashion industry today.Blogger Bryan Boy pointed out the lack of diversity during the show, which prompted others to tweet that the show was "racist" and "disappointing."  Famous casting director James Scully epically slammed Gvasalia in an Instagram post that reads: "It must feel like a slap to all if the people of color who line up to buy your clothes that your message to them you don't see them in your world."Gvasalia hasn't commented on the controversy as of yet. Follow @Seventeen on Instagram.		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			The former vampire is now a clothing designer.Robert Pattinson, a man with Chuck Bass looks and a Dior contract, will be joining the Kanye Wests and Olsens with his very own clothing collection. Pattinson casually dropped the news in an interview with Numéro about his Dior gig. The outlet asked if he had thought about writing or directing. He ignored that question and revealed he's a designer instead:I've started making clothes. For the last two years, I've been visiting producers and craftsmen. There's already quite a few pieces. I love doing it. My style is influenced by the cities I go to, sourcing fabrics and local skills. In Los Angeles, it's really easy to work with denim and do workwear inspired clothes. In England, I look more towards wool and knitwear. What I do is pretty multifaceted, clothes for men and for women, things that I make with friends… But I'm not going into too much detail, I don't want to jinx anything…A real tease. Ready for the lookbook whenever you are, Rob.From: ELLE US		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Say hello to your new genderless wardrobeMajor high-street fashion brand Zara has introduced Ungendered, a new completely gender-neutral section in its TRF label and it's all great. The collection of 16 basics have everything from t-shirts, sweatshirts, denim and shorts. Everything's completely unisex – made up of comfortable cotton in neutral colors and is photographed on both a male and female model on the website. Oh, and obviously the best news is – everything's pretty darn cheap too. From $15.90 tees to $49.90 jeans – there's nothing over $50. Hallelujah!Follow @Seventeen on Instagram for the hottest fashion news!From: Sugarscape		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			Remember her gorgeous African-print prom dress? Well, she just topped it!Last year, Kyemah McEntyre slayed the Internet in a stunning African-print prom gown she designed herself. She designed the dress to honor African-American women and their fight against "always being labeled as, 'ugly' or 'angry'." This is for always being labeled as, "ugly" or "angry". Thank God, stereotypes are just opinions. - Kyemah McEntyre✊🏾 pic.twitter.com/UXTLyVSF9fOne year later, Kyemah is still on her journey to empower girls through fashion, creating yet another mind-blowing gown that redefines the term prom goals. She wore the hand-painted gown on the 2016 BET Honors Awards red carpet, accessorized with her signature gold choker. "I decided I was going to actually paint my inspiration, which is black women," Kyemah told  USA Today. "Ultimately, what's the best way to give honor to us? And I'm a fine artist. I'm a fashion designer. I believe in black history. I believe in women's history, and so what better way to just express that than by wearing this?"Kyemah says that her designs were also influenced by a lack of black women in the media. "I remember asking myself, 'Why don't I see these women?' And I remember comparing myself to the women that I did see and I was like, 'Well, why aren't I beautiful? Why isn't my kinky hair beautiful? Why aren't my full lips beautiful?'," she explained to USA Today. "I think from that point on, that whatever I did, it was going to be me and not for anyone else. And then I mean, the artist in me, the rebellious youth in me also pushed it but ultimately, I think it came from me questioning, 'Why aren't I beautiful? Why can't I be seen as beautiful?'" Hoping I've inspired someone out there, to love everything about themselves, cause you slay.A post shared by  Kyemah McEntyre | (@mindofkye) on Mar 6, 2016 at 5:06am PSTThe teen designer, who will be a freshman at Parsons School of Design next fall, also announced that she'll be releasing her own clothing collection in May, which will be available online at Bellovella. Capsule collection coming In May, stay Tuned ! And follow me on Here for updates ! So excited for everyone to see it !!A post shared by  Kyemah McEntyre | (@mindofkye) on Mar 5, 2016 at 3:19pm PSTWe're going to go ahead and bet that her collection is going to be totally amazing.Follow @Seventeen on Instagram for the hottest fashion news!		We pick every product that we think you'll love the most. We may earn money from the links on this page.			It's 75 (!) adorable pieces. You love UK brand River Island for its on-trend affordable clothes and accessories, and now it's about to get even MORE amazing. The company is becoming more inclusive with extended sizing up to UK size 24 (approx. 22 here in the US). Hooray! On March 9th, girls of all sizes will be able to shop the seriously cute threads in UK stores and online everywhere. Plus-size supermodel Candice Huffman is the face of River Island Plus, and she looks stunning in the photos. "The fact that [River Island] is extending the size range and staying true to what we know and love the brand for is perfection,"  Candice said in a statement. "It's clear from the designs that they have been made to suit a curvy woman's body." She's right: There are 75 super chic items to incorporate into your wardrobe and not a frumpy piece in sight. We're super stoked about the extended sizing and hope more and more clothing brands follow suit! Follow @Seventeen on Instagram for more fashion news. 